Dean shook his head and picked up a hammer and nails.
"Did you get into any trouble?"
"Never heard of it," Castiel admitted.
"Pay attention," said Naomi, her fingers snapping in Castiel's face.
"If I say yes will you leave me be?"
The man stood up and walked over to the closet, opening it. When he saw Sammy, he smiled and picked him up.
"She said she needed help with the essay for this week and I was stupid and offered to help her," Jo groaned.
The girls all praised Benny for his bravery and ran off, giggling about the story Jo had just told them.
"Well seeing as how you and Dean are pretty much inseparable, it wouldn't phase me if you two got up to anything," said Lucifer, his snake-like smile spreading across his face.
"You better be happy with this, I spent a shit ton of money on it."
"Are you spending the night again?" asked Castiel, holding his legs to his chest and turning his head to look at Dean.
"What are you doing, Winchester?" Crowley asked, also shocked and by the look of it, scared out of his mind.
"I'm sorry, that's just too weird. You're right, Dean, it's not natural and I shouldn't say su-"
Sam thought for a moment, biting his thumb as the gears in his head were turning. His eyes narrowed as his focus grew when all of a sudden, they widened.
~•~•~
Castiel opened the door, his face stuck in a serious look as he fumbled with a tie.
"Did you see the way that arm looked? I'm counting at least 4 fractures," whispered Raphael to Michael.
"He's a good guy, Michael. I like him," said Castiel.
"You've got the eye of a hawk, Cas. A hawk," said Dean.
"He doesn't need to know that," said Dean, his arms crossed.
"And what about Sam?"
Castiel turned on his lamp, opened up the book and began to read. "Chapter One. One day when Pooh Bear had nothing else to do…"
Dean just rolled his eyes and walked into the tent. The scent of old candles and lavender hit his nose like a train. Shadows seemed to surround the whole place and envelop it all in darkness except for the center of the tent. There sat an elderly black woman who smiled kindly at the boy.
"Cas… you're the only one with blue eyes I know," sighed Dean, trying to figure out if he had seen any girls with blue eyes.
"Why are you so weird?" asked Cas, taking off his trench coat and digging through the box of books.
"You can never be too early to get ready for Halloween, Castiel."
"Maybe Castiel was right," murmured Lucifer the second he stepped out of the automobile, "California doesn't seem too bad right now."
"But I am in peace?" Castiel looked confused, his brow furrowing.
"You can stay here, I have family staying over but I know my parents won't mind another person here," said Castiel.
His friends turned around, already smiling and laughing. Jo was wearing her cutest dress and had her blonde hair put into side swept pin curls, her hands wrapped around Benny's arm. And as usual, Benny was wearing his flat cap and some scrappy clothes.
"You mean it, Castiel?" Jo smiled.
~•~•~
"I… had a rat sleeping on my chest last night. It was very heavy."
He had just accepted it with no fight at all. Dean found that odd. Did he always just give into what others said? Dean made a mental note to test this later and see what exactly Cas would do if he was told he had no choice.
"Yeah, my brother used to love this book growing up. You got good taste so I'll just let you have it."
“Shut up! You jerk,” Jo shouted, pushing the ladder in a fit.
"She said I won't find love until I find the one with fire red hair," Jo gagged, "Who in the hell has hair like that in this town?!"
"Just put the book down, Cas. We're all talking to each other and we hate seeing you out of the conversation," Dean said, taking the book from Castiel's hands and placing it on the ground next to him.
Dean waved back and walked over to the door, about to grab the door handle when it suddenly swung open.
"Why? Don't tell me you're getting soft? I've heard you've been hanging out with this kid a lot. He seems kind of like a fairy to me," said Azazel, looking over Dean and Castiel suspiciously.
"Now is good," said Sam, smiling.
"What's what?" asked Castiel in return.
He looked tired but better than before. The only thing really different about him was the large white cast on his arm.
Gabriel chuckled and stared at the ceiling as his little brother began to nod off.
"I'm gonna need more than just this to find out whoever this mystery girl is," said Jo.
They waved goodbye and marched their way to the paved road to wait for the bus. First off was the bus for the high schoolers with Michael, Lucifer, and Naomi getting on board. Before Michael left them, he put Raphael in charge while the rest of them waited for their own bus.
"Okay, now you're just making this depressing," whined Dean.
"Prove it."
"Nothing, I just lost a bet," said Dean, looking down at Cas and smiling a little at the sight of Castiel's still dirty face.
"But I think we're lo-"
"So what were you doing up so late?" asked Dean, looking up at Castiel. His head laid gently on Castiel's pillow.
"Hey! Stop that right now!" Castiel shouted, putting himself between Charlie and the two boys.
Dean was fast asleep in Castiel's bed, Castiel was sure there was no way of waking him. He always slept like a rock while Castiel on the other hand was a light sleeper. Cas didn't mind having Dean in his bed though, it was nice to have someone next to him. It didn't hurt that Dean was always really warm too so he would just hold onto him and quickly fall back asleep if he ever woke up.
Sorry for being gone so long, life got a bit busy. But I'm back and plan on trying to update this thing more frequently. I hope you all like it
After the awkward silence, they both agreed that that would be their secret. Dean held Castiel closer to him as they worked their way through the maze, confident in his decision making. It may have taken another twenty minutes but the two of them were out in no time at all.
"No! I'm sorry, it's perfect. I've never had a more perfect gift!"
"Oh thank you, Dean. You're the be-"
"I don't know about that, Cas. Church isn't really something I think I'm allowed to be at. I mean have you met my Dad? I'm pretty sure I'm banned for life or something," Dean joked.
"Don't listen to him, he's an idiot. Lucifer just likes to get into people's heads and mess with them," Naomi said, rubbing Castiel's back.
"You know why, Ca-"
"I… well… you have a point there, I'll give you that," Jo muttered in defeat.
"You can't laugh at me," said Castiel in a dead serious tone. He was thankful it was dark because he could feel his face burning from embarrassment.
The boys all got up from the searching places and gone to look at it. Each of them had their own reactions. Castiel seemed indifferent and went to check on Jo, holding her close and petting her head. Benny just stared at the thing, trying to see if it would move with a stick. Dean continued to look around, to see if there was anything else he should look for while he was there.
"But that's so far away, I don't think I can wait that long," joked Dean.
Castiel enjoyed having his family over. It brought him some comfort knowing that no matter what he did, there would still be someone who did something far worse than him and they would still love him as their own.
“I love you, Castiel Novak.”
"A lawyer? I can definitely see you as one," said Jo, messing with Sam's hair.
With a loud slam of his bedroom door, Dean pushed his dresser just enough to keep the door from opening. And just as he thought he was somewhat safe, the sporadic pounding against his door began only seconds later.
Soon the hours passed by and the next thing he knew he was almost done with the book. That was until he heard a faint knocking sound which snapped him out of his concentration. He looked around his room and saw nothing but he could still hear the faint tapping noise. It was almost as if someone was tapping on glass.
"The one of how you fought a bear with nothing but your hands."
"It says you'll know they're the one when they have the ocean in their eyes," said Madame Missouri.
"Hmm?"
"Okay, fine!... I'll do it," Castiel huffed in defeat.
“You know everything don’t you, smartass?” Dean chuckled, looking down at the elderly woman next to him.
Castiel's mind was racing, his heart about to burst. He was so focused on Lucifer's thinly veiled threat that he jumped when Naomi tapped his shoulder.
"Oh," was all Castiel could muster, a slight blush to his face.
"Cas if you'd like to see something else. I don't mind," said Dean. Sam started to protest but Dean put a quick stop to it.
"But if it is possible, I wouldn't mind having my first time be with you," said Dean, smiling softly.
"Did not!"
"No… I suppose it wouldn't, but I'd still like to know," said Castiel.
Castiel looked through one of the old boxes and found one of Michael's old toy swords. The wood on it splintered and the paint was chipped but it still worked.
"I have my suspicions about you and your own little friend but they're only suspicions so I'll leave them be as it is. I just wanted you to know in case you ever felt the need of bringing up the rules to me again like that, that you would have much more to worry about than anything I am doing," said Lucifer, looking at his fingernails with boredom.
Castiel could only nod his head, laid his hands gently on the white keys, and played. With Dean looking at him, Castiel closed his eyes to focus on the music. Maybe he just didn't like people watching him whenever he played, not even his sister and not even his friend. But that didn't matter at the point, the music spoke to him as he played. His fingers seemed to work it naturally even though he did mess up on several parts of the song. He was secretly praying to himself that Dean couldn't hear it. The only real problem was when he got past the part he was able to play and ended the song with an ugly sound of out of tune keys.
~•~•~
It felt like Heaven on earth to Dean. He wanted this to last a lifetime. The idea that he used to live his life without his best friend by his side seemed so unreal to him.
"Yeah I know, but is she?"
"Yeah, my old man has a lot of porn but I've never seen anything with guys doing it and I'm definitely not going to ask Bobby if it's possible," Dean laughed.
Dean dried off his hair and took the clothes to Castiel's room to change. He could hear Cas and Gabe bickering about how he needed a new coat as he left. When he locked the door behind himself, he heard a small bell ring and the sounds of someone shouting that dinner was ready. That made him feel all the better.
"I'll do that whenever you manage to play nice with Charlie."
"Thanks guys, that's really nice of all of you," Castiel said sheepishly, his face as red as a tomato. Having so many people say such things about him was definitely a new experience for Castiel. And he liked it. But there was one thing he had on his mind despite all of the words of encouragement. "Dean? What do you want to be?"
In no time at all, the ambulance was there and carrying Benny away.
The old Novak Bookstore sign looked like it hadn't been touched since it was first made way back in 1937. Hell, the whole store looked practically untouched by time. It weirded Dean out.
Tomorrow he could ask Dean if he wanted to play and then he could spend all day exploring. That plan would be a lot of fun and God knows Castiel needed it. He had already finished all of his books twice over and the summer days seemed to get longer. They could see what was in that old shed. Or play on that tire swing. Or see how large the land Castiel's father had gotten really was. Or maybe they could-
"New girl?" Dean asked, surprised that there was more than just Cas who ended up moving to Lawrence.
After one last kiss, Dean was on his way home with Castiel watching him from his window. When he could no longer see Dean, Castiel turned around and faced the kitten on his bed.
"Easy, Castiel. I just came to tell you that your friend is on the phone," said Naomi, petting Castiel's head gently.
Stopping in her tracks, Anna turned around and looked at him. “I’m serious, Dean. It was nice to see you again. My brothers may hate you but seeing you reminds me of the good ol’ days and I miss them a lot.”
"Yeah, I feel the same way," said Gabriel.
"...You're right, I'm sorry for prying," Castiel apologized. He picked his knees up and held them, no longer feeling any of the warmth Dean had only a minute ago.
"I meant it, Cas. You're far prettier than any girl I've ever seen," said Dean, his hand caressing Castiel's face.
"You're lucky it was me who found out about any of this. Had this mean Naomi or Lucifer? Shit, had it been Michael? You'd be dead. No, you'd be worse than dead."
"I thought Benny said it was his Dad's auto shop that was broken into?"
"Is he? Dean, is Cas weird?" Jo looked at Dean, curious as ever.
"Well, what about your mother? Couldn't she-"
"Oh no, I'm perfectly alright to handle this on my own," said the man, walking over to the counter and dropping the box right on top of it.
"Because they have to be at school earlier and leave it later than us. Consider it a blessing that you don't have to be stuck there as long as them," said Raphael.
"She left her contact information in the back. There's a board for local events and she left some paper there for something called… what was it?... Dungeons and…"
"Hmm? I like it, I've read it before but I don't mind rereading books," Sam chuckled.
"Is there anything you want to talk about? I'm all ears here," Gabriel smiled softly.
"You can keep it if you'd like, think of it as a thank you gift for earlier," said Charlie, pushing away Castiel's hand.
"Where are you going with this, Lucifer?" Castiel muttered, his eyes glaring holes into his older brother.
Gabriel got up and walked over to the door, but before walking out he faced Castiel. "Night Cassie."
"Sorry."
"I'll play, suns still out so I don't wanna go home just yet."
"I think so too," said Dean, not recognizing the tone in Castiel's voice and continuing to strum the air.
When Castiel stepped into the building, he smiled and waved to the girls who were sitting on an old couch. Jo had her fingers in Charlie's hair, braiding it effortlessly.
"What? I'm just being honest," Dean smiled, moving closer to Castiel.
In no time at all they made it to the pond and took off all of their clothes, jumping in without a care in the world. The water was even better than they imagined it. It's cold embrace welcoming the boys to swim deeper and deeper.
Dinner had ended and all of the Novak children had gone to the kitchen to clean up. That was except for Michael who ordered Dean to follow him up the stairs and to the attic.
"You can come with us if you'd like."
"You just tell your family and I'll leave Sam with Bobby and Ellen," said Dean, "it sounds like the perfect end of summer idea to me."
"So are we really going to go see Wolfman?" asked Castiel.
"Don't lie to me, Dean," said Castiel, holding the green eyed boy still to get a better look at him. He smirked and just hugged Dean, letting his friend sink into his arms.
Castiel could only let go of Dean and start to fumble with his hands again. Dean had never spoken like that to him before and to be quite honest, Castiel lacked the confidence to say anything back.
"Nothing can make me feel better, Dean. I hate it when you drag me here and for what? Just so you can show Castiel this dump?" Jo continued to whine.
"I'll be fine," said Dean.
"Did you do it?" whispered Dean, not taking his eyes off of Lucifer.
Castiel's jaw dropped, his heart racing. How could his brother have known about that? What else did he know? He was sure he was careful with everything he did.
"Yeah? I thought I'd come to my birthday party a little early and help out," Sam laughed, hugging back.
"What did you idiots do?" asked Lucifer.
August 9th, 1946
"Let's never do that again."
"I think it should be something cute like Whiskers or Mr. Mittens," Jo giggled.
Castiel didn't know what to expect but was excited to go. It might've been a new home that he wasn't quite fond of but he did have one thing here that he didn't have back in California. A friend.
"Do you think we'll like school here?" Gabriel asked.
"You're not wrong, Benny. She really is beautiful," said Dean, his hands going up to fix his hair.
She looked at all of her sons who looked at each other, none wanting to volunteer. After a few seconds, Michael said he was sure he had one in the attic from when he was Dean's age he could give him.
Almost to be expected, Michael and Naomi listened intently with the occasional head nod. Lucifer was picking at the scabs on his arms. Raphael fidgeted with his fingers, his eyes trained on the birds outside of the windows. Gabriel had somehow managed to sneak in some candy and sucked on them while playing with Anna, her little  hands pulling on Gabriel's fingers. Castiel kept a bible open and pretended that he was following along to his father's preaching but was on a completely different book of the bible, skimming through the chapters.
Just like Dean had thought, Castiel was absolutely terrified by the film. Several times during the movie, he would scream and hide his face behind either his hands or Dean's arm. He didn't mind much, he was just more concerned about how the other boy would feel once he was home alone.
With the rest of the children already on their way home, Dean took it upon himself to walk Castiel and the kitten home.
"I think that's a lovely idea, Azazel," Crowley agreed, picking his leg up like he's about to kick her.
"Yeah but what about you?" Sam asked.
"Fiiine! But only because I don't want Dean to be left behind the rest of us," Jo sighed.
"I don't care about what you think, Cas! This is my life and I've handled it pretty good so far by myself."
"I don't think I will. This bed is really comfortable."
Dean held his hand out and Sam took it, the two walking alongside each other through the ever growing crowd. The older boy was walking with a purpose while the little one just strolled along, letting his big brother push past people.
Dean sulked in his seat, praying to god for the first time in his life to have the sermon end already. He could've sworn he already had his first chin hair grow by now.
"I mean you're kind of cute, do you have a name?" Jo asked, smirking.
"I've always liked the sunset. It's pretty," said Castiel.
"Lucifer! I swear I didn't touch your books! It wasn't me!" screamed Castiel as he ran down the staircase, Lucifer not far behind him.
“Everyone else has already left, Dean. Would you like to go and grab some coffee?” She asked.
Maybe he misplaced them? If that was the case then he wouldn't notice if they went missing. Without a second thought, Dean jammed the cigarettes into his pocket before making his way over to Sammy's room to get ready for Bobby.
"Neither can I," said Benny.
His fingers trailed across the books, his emerald eyes scanning the names and titles. He had no idea what book to pick, this was getting him nowhere. Dean sighed and decided to close his eyes, picking a book at random should work. Reaching out his hand, Dean's landed on a book.
"Are you alright? I didn't mean to scare you like that," said Castiel softly, holding his hand out to help Dean up.
"Cas? Why haven't we left yet?" Dean asked, stamping his foot.
"I promise."
It was definitely an eventful summer, he had to admit but when it came to putting it in less than a page of writing he couldn't think of a thing.
"Because I'm older," said Raphael and left it at that.
"Yeah, and we were doing so well too. Must you always get in the way?" said Crowley.
"What was that for, Casanova?!"
"Don't mention it, now put it back or you're gonna get a cold," said Dean who fixed it himself, not bothering to wait for Sam to listen.
"Yes, I am," Castiel answered, taking it and inspecting the folded paper.
They both laughed and Dean asked to hear the song again. Castiel gave in and cracked his fingers (in an attempt to show off) and played.
"It's fine, at least I'll look cool when school starts. So in a way, I guess I should be thanking you," said Benny, groaning at weight on him.
"Really?"
"Like what?" asked Castiel flatly, his face dulled.
By the time he got there, two boys were standing over her, laughing.
"You'll know it when it happens, believe me," she said.
Gabriel led Castiel, Dean, Sam, and Jo through the hospital. All of them seemed a bit tense.
Naomi smirked and looked at the other children. "And what about the rest of you? Do you need any help getting home?"
"You don't have to be so rude Luci, moving can be quite the ordeal for anyone. Castiel's antisocial behavior just happens to make him the black sheep in our old town," corrected Michael, "Who knows, maybe all the hicks in Lawrence have social skills on par with our little Cassie's."
June 30th, 1946
"No can do, my parents' dogs would tear this little boy to shreds," Charlie groaned.
"And when has Jo Harvelle been one to put out so easily," teased Dean.
"At times, yes," shrugged Castiel.
"O-oh thank you, Naomi. I'll be right there," said Castiel, faking a smile for her.
"It's not scary or anything of that's what you're thinking," said Dean after a few minutes of more silence.
Dean just nodded, stood, and left the tent. He was confused as the rest of his friends about what that woman meant. She must've been crazy with the fortunes she was giving out. They obviously couldn't have been real.
Once everyone in the congregation had left, Dean waited impatiently to go home. But the longer he waited, the more it dawned on him that he might just be stuck there for all of eternity.
"As long as you don't make it a point to go and antagonize people I don't see why not," said Castiel, lifting his head to look up his brother.
"That sounds boring, Benny. We should do something even more daring," Jo sighed.
"Oh that? He tripped on a pebble and fell down that hill by old man Walker's place," Jo said with a shrug.
"With what?"
"Yeah, you're probably right," said Dean.
"Is this true, Dean?"
"Don't blame me for your decision to come. I asked and you said yes, it's not on me. You could've said no," Dean muttered, digging through some of the garbage by the corpse. He too now heard the noise.
"That's good to know," gulped Castiel.
"I didn't know that book was still for sale," said the man.
"So cranky. Do you always act this way when you don't get your beauty sleep?"
"Am not! You're only a year older than me, you ass," shouted Jo, kicking Dean's shin.
"Ow!" Castiel yelped, sucking on his finger as he tried to pick up the wooden slats.
"You ready?" Dean asked, taking out the two cigarettes and handing one to Castiel.
"You really went and thought all that far ahead?" Castiel said, shaking his head and smiling.
"Oh no, here we go again," muttered Jo, rolling her eyes.
"That was your first mistake."
"I… don't really want to talk about that," said Dean, his smile gone.
"So what are you doing out here?" asked Dean before the silence between the two of them had gotten too awkward.
"You're right, I'll see you tomorrow?" was all Castiel could say.
"I don't know, I guess you'll never have sex then," said Dean.
"You've never read it?" Castiel looked surprised.
"So what do you think?" Dean asked, biting his lip to hide his smile.
“Yeah, you’re right. Benny. I’m going to have to lift you up, you going to be okay,” asked Dean, feeling Benny’s forehead.
"I know," was all she could say.
As Dean and Jo were walking towards the back of the store, Dean could tell Jo had the gears turning around in her head. She was beginning to put the pieces of the puzzle together.
"Yeah, you guys can get going," nodded Dean.
"Suit yourself," sighed Castiel. He walked back to his bed and threw himself on his brother, causing Gabriel to groan in pain.
“Under normal circumstances, I would be flattered but right now I just feel hurt,” said Dean.
"No, more like you're too tall," Castiel said and shrugged.
"Patience is a virtue, Castiel. I suggest you learn it," said Lucifer. "Anyways, before I was rudely interrupted. I don't really know how or when it happened but the two ended up falling in love. Sick, I know.
"Fine, I'll go," Jo sighed and shook her head after a minute of thinking it all over.
"Yeah well, don't forget who bought your ticket for the bumper cars," said Jo, pushing off Benny.
"Okay, Cas. Open them," said Dean.
It hurt Dean to see Castiel like that but he had his reasons and he liked to stick to them. But as the seconds passed, he began to feel the sharp pain in his heart getting worse.
“I’m seventy-two!” Dean corrected.
Dean took a match out of his other pocket and struck it, lighting it and illuminating the dark little closet.
"Very funny but Benny was getting distracted by some new girl," growled Jo.
~•~•~
"Halloween? But it's August…"
"It's still his house and you should respect his wishes. Rules are rules for a reason and they should be followed as such."
"What did I do?" Castiel asked, concerned.
"A rat?! You refused to leave my bed," Castiel shot back.
"Yeah, I already plan on dressing like Dracula," Benny added.
"What? No, I haven't. My dad just leaves his porno everywhere so it doesn't take much imagination to think about how it's done," said Dean.
Jo instantly stopped crying and moved over to pet the little thing with Charlie coming in close second to get a better look at the thing.
Dean nodded and kneeled before his dad to take off his boots when he was kicked down to the floor. His father began kicking and shouting at him that he was too slow.
"Yes."
"What's the matter, Castiel?" asked Castiel's Father. He could see Cas' dissatisfaction out of the corner of his eye. The boy had a habit of showing his every emotion on his face.
"This is bull, you can keep him," whined Jo, shoving Castiel into Dean's chest.
Dean looked up at the sky and could see the rain wasn't letting up anytime soon so he made his way to Novak house. It took a little longer than usual but before you knew it, Dean was at the front door and soaked to the bone. He knocked on the door and waited.
"Cas that can't be true, we're both boys and this just ain't… well it's not natural," Dean said, rubbing the back of his head.
Castiel talked on end for as long as he could. It felt relieving to just tell someone how he felt about Dean, he never had anyone before to talk about it. Gabriel just smiled and listened, occasionally putting in a little joke here and there. Before you knew it, Castiel was rubbing his eyes and yawning. The idea of sleeping slowly creeping up on him.
"So are you gonna text her?"
"Did you ever consider the idea that you two are just slow?" Castiel giggled, before pushing past the two of them and opened the door to the fort.
Nodding his head, Castiel slowly made his way to the open window in his brother's room. He looked at his brother one last time before sticking his head out. As he looked around, Castiel recognized the view and nervously looked down. On the floor below, he could see the slanted roof in front of his own window. Fuck.
"I don't have any," said Castiel, flipping his pockets inside out to show nothing more than a ball of string.
What the hell did Sammy even like to read? He always has his nose stuck in books but whatever kind of books they were kept Dean's brow furrowed. He definitely likes fantasy and sci-fi, who the hell didn't? Even Dean found himself reading some of that stuff once in a blue moon. Mystery? Maybe, Sam did like puzzles. Horror? Nah, the last thing Dean needed was Sam running to him in the middle night crying. Romance? Nope.
"I know you got me something, so what is it? Is it a new tv? A computer? You got me a computer."
"So your old man must be the new pastor everyone in town was talking about," said Dean, "Why else would anyone name their kids after angels?"
"Really?"
"Uh… it's fine," Dean shrugged.
"Excuse me? I'm sorry you must be new here, Charlie right here always gets herself into trouble like this so we're just trying to set her straight," said Azazel, eyeing Castiel up and down.
"Oh yeah? Well maybe you can tell us about some of your customers?" said Jo, crossing her arms and raising an eyebrow.
"No…" the girls said in unison.
"And how is this 'Dean'?" said Michael, the small hint of sternness in his voice.
Dean found himself lost in thought again as Jo went on. He had always gone to the carnival whenever it was in town with his friends but he was beginning to wonder how they'd treat Castiel. It was true that Cas was a bit… odd but Dean liked that about him. It was refreshing in a place full of the same old people day in and day out. Maybe they'll like him too for that very reason.
"No, Dean. I'm going to help out Jo and take her home. If she hates it here, then I won't make her stay any longer," said Castiel.
"I'll be Dorothy," said Jo, smiling uncontrollably. "Do you know what you're going to dress up as, Castiel?"
"Listen here, you little fucker! I'm tired of you stealing from me! You're going to learn your lesson one way or another," John shouted, banging his fist against the door before taking another swig of his whiskey.
"They kept it a little secret, no one knew besides the two of them. They would spend hours running away to their special games together. I only found out when I found the boy treating Michael like he was a girl. It was really disgusting, I had nightmares about it for weeks. I only did the natural thing and told Father to set the two of them straight.
"Castiel, we've been over this. You hit like a girl," teased Gabriel.
"Whatever, you two are idiots," Jo said.
"Damn it! I thought I finally found something your nerdy ass hasn't read yet," Dean said with a shake of his head.
"I'll be alright," said Castiel.
"We've all done things we're not proud of, alright?" said Uncle Marv in a defeated tone. His eyes glared from one Novak boy to the other, sending some kind of threat to each of them. But it was obvious none of them really feared the old bastard enough to stop from mocking him.
Turning herself around, Jo peaked behind the box when she was met with the ghastly sight of a rotted corpse. It's paws were outstretched, the fur seemed to be patchy at best and completely nonexistent at worse, parts of it's flesh looked to be sinking in or falling off of it's bone. It was indeed a corpse alright; the corpse of an old cat that had been there for God knows how long. And by the smell of things, it must've been the source of the foul odor.
"Don't know, maybe?" Dean said with a quick swig of his beer.
Castiel refused to move.
"That's surprising, I figured he would've been repulsed at the thought of being inside a church," said Michael, walking down the stairs and fixing his collar.
"California."
"It's true though, Castiel. Why did your parents name you and your brothers the way they did?" Charlie asked.
Castiel blushed and pulled away, causing Dean to laugh. Shaking his head, Dean picked up the wooden slats and handed Castiel the tool box.
"So what did you want to do today? There has to be some reason you called us all here," Jo asked once the laughing died down.
The old man only glanced at Castiel before nodding and returning his gaze to the field.
"Yes, I like spending time with you. And Sam seems to be warming up to me," Castiel said, giggling a little.
"Yeah?"
"Shut up."
Castiel didn't need to be told twice. Like a whip hitting it's mark, Castiel's fist shot across and hit Gabriel's stomach. Gabriel's mouth dropped causing his lollipop to land on the floor as he toppled over and held his stomach in pain.
As he stood up, Michael picked up Castiel and threw him over his shoulder. Castiel kicking and screaming in protest. Michael just laughed and threw Castiel into the pond only to then be attacked by the other boys. Michael watched, stripped, and joined into the chaos. With the summer sun now gone, replaced by the cold light of the moon, they all played in that little pond until their lips were purple and bodies shivering. Dean really did have a great idea.
"And? Are you in or out?"
"Madame Missouri," she hummed, looking over Dean's palm.
He watched his father sleep for a few more minutes before getting up and going to his room. Locking his door, Dean laid down in his bed and cried.
"Are you kidding me? It's all that's been in my head," Dean exclaimed.
"O-or what about that time you tried to help repair the roof to show off in front of our neighbor how manly you were only to fall through said roof and break your leg?" Castiel piped up, smiling confidently like he was the smartest boy in the whole room.
The two boys had managed to make it back to Jo and Sammy, the both of which were taking bites out of a candied apple. Jo had taken to Castiel almost instantly, bombarding him with question after question. Cas didn't seem to mind, however, and answered all of them with a shy smile. The two talked for a while while Dean tried to sneak a bite of Sam's candied apple, earning himself a kick to the groin.
"Yeah, but last time I went there with you two I almost got hit by a-"
"Mhmm, the piggiest," agreed Sam.
"No! I'll come up with something," said Jo, jumping back.
"I just wanted to see if you were alright," said Dean, giving Castiel a teasing smile.
Dean led the way with Castiel not far behind him. Charlie and Jo held onto the kitten, petting him. Benny walked at the back of the group, taking his time and taking in the sight of the setting sun. They all had been walking like this for about thirty minutes when Jo looked at Castiel and giggled.
"Alright Dean, I'm begging you to come. I hate going to my father's sermons because they're always so long without an end in sight. Maybe with you there, it'll be more bearable," Castiel whispered, biting his lip nervously.
The quiet winds blew through the old trees and the ringing of a broken promise hung gravely over Dean.
"Good night, Gabriel."
"Do you know anything about who owned this book before?" asked Dean.
"Then why don't we make a deal? First one to steal a kiss wins, winner gets a dollar," said Dean.
"That's not funny," muttered Dean, rubbing his sore arm.
"Where do I start?" Castiel sighed, laying on his back and staring at the ceiling. "He has really nice eyes. I think they're my favorite part. I really like his freckles too. I've tried to count them but I always lose count around thirty seven…"
"Why would I?"
"Great! So when are we taking off then?" Dean asked, walking into the Novak household.
"I guess he has taught you something. Now what do you say for bullying him, Gabriel," smiled Raphael.
The night before his father called and said he was spending the night at a friend's place which meant that he and Sammy were free to do whatever they pleased. Though whoever his old man was staying the night with did cross his mind, his father didn't really have friends, Dean decided to ignore that thought and let the night go by with ease.
Sorry about the sudden name change, I just liked this name more. I think it works better.
"And that's an hour too long. Sammy and Benny are terrible at holding a conversation. Sammy's too little to understand and Benny… while I think Benny's a bit slow," said Jo, covering her mouth so Benny couldn't understand.
Castiel looked up and nodded his head.
And sure enough, almost ten minutes later on the dot, all of the Novak children were dressed and ready to go. They stood in a line going from oldest to youngest with Dean awkwardly pushed in between Gabriel and Castiel.
"I still think I'm going to have to pass, Cas. Church and I don't mix," Dean said outright.
"So are you gonna tell me who you are?" asked the boy.
"Of course," Naomi stood up and led Dean to the other room to make a call.
"No, nothing yet," the boys all replied in unison.
"Hello, little one," said Castiel with a smile and a hand held out to him, "I'm Castiel."
"The old country?" said Dean, confused again.
"Good," she said and turned on her heels, leaving the room.
"I suppose I could do it," Castiel chirped up.
"You know earlier if you asked if I had ever kissed any girls?" Castiel mumbled, his fingers wrestling with each other.
Not a minute later, Sam came stumbling in and groaning.
"Y-you'll what?"
While Sam kept Andy busy, Dean handed Castiel some gum and chocolate. Castiel did as he was told but he looked so awkward and nervous anybody with a brain could tell what they were doing. Lucky enough, Andy didn't have a brain.
"Alright Cas, please tell me you have an idea on what we can do," Dean begged.
Dean stopped in his tracks, put down his father's toolbox, and turned to watch as Castiel dropped all of the wood. He couldn't help but roll his eyes. Cas always was a bit stubborn so Dean knew he would just have to wait it out but they were already walking for about thirty minutes now and Dean was getting tired of taking everything so slow.
Once everyone had their plates they began to eat and seemed like fully civilized people again. They were back to chatting and laughing like they hadn't just tried to stab each other for food.
First Benny took a step forward, trying his best to saunter over there as if he were some Casanova. When Dean noticed Benny moving he bolted, pushing past his friend and heading straight for the girl. He was surprised he was managing to not slip in all of the mud and continued to move at lightning fast speed.
"Thinking about Cas?" Jo teased, giggling.
"...yes?"
"Well at least one of us got lucky," said Dean, rolling his eyes and using his own thumb to rub mud on Castiel's nose.
"I got it covered, Sammy. You know I would never let Dad lay a hand on you," comforted Dean, pulling Sam into a side hug.
Castiel looked at Dean with a tired look. The blue eyed boy looked behind him to make sure the coast was clear before looking back at Dean with sympathetic eyes.
"Gabriel! You'll never believe what the library was going to throw out. I think we found a real score this time," shouted out a blue-eyed man with a box of books in hand.
"Is it time to go?" asked Sam, holding onto Bobby.
"Hey Cassie," said Gabriel, walking into Castiel's room and plopping himself on Cas' bed like they still shared a room.
"I think I made a friend," said Castiel, a small smile forming.
"That's not important, now going back to my story," Gabriel laughed.
"I know, but Cas sounds cooler," said Dean.
"It's fine," said Dean "Let's just get going, I'd hate to be late."
"No, when you've been in one you've been in them all. It's easy," said Dean, unimpressed.
His threat was clear to Castiel and it was scary enough to bring him to tears. He didn't even need proof, Lucifer's words would've been enough to have Castiel beaten or worse. And he didn't even dare think of what Dean's father would do to him if he found out.
"He's going to be fine, Jo. It was just an accident," said Castiel, hugging Jo.
"Come closer, child. I can't read your future if you don't come closer," she said, holding her hand out to him.
Sorry for all the inconsistent chapter lengths, I only get a few times to actually write the damn thing so I kind of just write whatever I can get down. That said, I hope you guys like it so far.
"I mean it makes more sense than some hot girl wanting to hook up," Sam snickered.
"God, you're so annoying," said Dean, throwing a pillow at her.
~•~•~
"Oh look Sammy, they have different taffy flavors today," said Dean and pointed through the glass. Sam ran up and started up his usual questions to which Dean slowly walked back and whispered into Castiel's ear. "I'm going to hand you some stuff, hide it in your pockets."
Dean smirked and rolled his eyes. Would he love to live with them? Hell yeah. But with Sammy, he didn't want to become even more of a burden than he felt he already was. They were too nice with him as is. It would just seem like he was mooching off of them, though they would never say that.
The boys' Father turned to look at Castiel with an eyebrow raised. "Are you going to run off as well?"
"That won't work, we need to get you enough for a ticket," mumbled Dean, who got to thinking, "I'll be back in a jiffy."
~•~•~
"How long have they been talking like this?" asked Dean, perplexed by the whole thing.
"We have a regular who usually likes to read from there. She likes to buy as many books as she can whenever she stops by," said Castiel.
"Benny thought it was a good idea when I asked him outside," Dean shot back.
“I know, Dean, I know. We all do,” said Anna.
"No, it's not. Now I don't expect you to master it in one night but I do expect you to have learned how to play it by tomorrow morning," said Naomi, that serious look back in her eyes again.
Immediately, Castiel jumped up and ran over to her. This ended the conversation Dean, Jo, and Benny were having and looked to see what Castiel was doing.
"Oh it would be so romantic if you two actually got together," Jo hummed.
"That's just ignorance. My mom said that if you want to get anywhere in the world, you have to have an education. Especially if you're a woman," said Jo, rolling her eyes.
Castiel made a weird face and tried his best at cleaning off the mud but still ended up with a little bit of dirt left. When he finished the younger boy could see Dean walking off and ran up to him.
Before he knew it, Dean and Sam were at the Roadhouse with Jo, Bobby, and Ellen and laughing the night away.
"And you're being a bully."
"I don't care what you think he is, just stop being a dick and I won't have to kick your ass like I did at Benny's birthday," threatened Dean.
"What book is it?" asked Dean curiously.
She didn't remember putting her own number in a random ass book? Dean thought that if he did something like that he would probably remember doing it. Maybe it wasn't her who did it? It did seem weird but Dean didn't want to put too much thought into it.
Castiel followed behind him and sat in the bed, watching Dean.
Castiel wanted to slap himself when Dean brought up the pond. Why hadn't he thought of it? It was literally on his land and he didn't think of it at all. The answer to his questions was right there all along.
"I stood over the third guy with a metal pipe in hand and right as I was about to swing it… BAM! One of th-"
"Gabriel. That's not what should matter," corrected Raphael.
"Hello Dean," said Castiel. "Do you want to play today?"
"Castiel, I know you're all for reading but don't you think you should maybe put the book down for once and just eat in peace?" asked Jo, taking a bite from her sandwich.
"What did she say?"
"Yeah yeah, are you eyes closed?" Dean asked. The whole gang managed to make it up the hill with Dean's hands still held close to Castiel's eyes.
They all walked as quickly as they could, Benny in Michael's arms. When they got back, Mrs. Novak ordered Benny to be laid on the couch while she looked over him.
"Nope, not on my floor," said Dean, kicking the trash can towards his brother and not a moment too soon.
"I'm sorry, Benny! It's all my fault that you broke your arm," shouted Jo, jumping on and hugging Benny while the tears started to stroll down.
"Yeah but I don't really think I've ever done anything like getting pissed drunk and wandering all of Ocean Park beach in the nude," teased Lucifer, that devilish gleam in eyes started to light up again. He had his new prey for tonight.
The two sat there in complete silence, watching the other with what little light they had. Well almost complete silence, Castiel coughed and coughed at the beginning.
It seemed like time had slowed down after that. The seconds felt like hours as the two of them watched that setting sun and stars that felt bold enough to start shining. Castiel should've known better, he ruined it. He was praying now more than anything that something would happen, something to change the damper mood that set in between the two of them.
"It's nice to meet you," said Charlie, fixing her hair and patting the dirt off of her dress
Now this really had Castiel's interest peaked. What would Dean have to show him that everybody else needed to see also?
"I tried to look for her but the firemen held me back and told me to go home. No matter how hard I fought and cried they wouldn't let me go. It took days for them to find all of the bodies and I was there everyday waiting to see if I could find her.
"Nothing's coming to mind, do any of you have ideas?" Dean asked, looking at the rest of the group. His eyes passed over Benny, Jo, Sam, and Cas yet no one seemed to have an answer.
"Thanks, Dean," said Sam after he pulled the scarf off his face and below his chin.
Even Castiel had limits to his patience and it was looking as if Dean was pushing it.
"Hey Cas, did you miss me?" said Dean, doing his best to push Jo away as she kept coming at him.
"I was reading," said Castiel.
“I can see that, especially with how you swept all the dirt off of the dirt floor,” said Benny sarcastically.
"I'm quite fond of it by now but if somebody else is going to read it then I just hope they love it as much as I did. Have you read it yet?"
Benny thought for a moment, weighing the odds before deciding that they were in his favor. He took Dean's hand and shook on it, "Deal!"
"Cas…" said Dean, "that was awesome!"
"Add me to that list, I'd love to read whatever you write," said Jo. "You always have your nose stuck in a book so I think you could definitely write something good. Don't you think, Benny?"
"Shut up, bitch," Dean laughed, pulling Sam into his arms and giving him a noogie.
"Sure you do," said Dean, sarcastically. "You must hate me a lot then."
Benny screamed as he landed on the hardened floor, his arm bending in an unnatural way. While the bone wasn’t poking through the skin it sure looked like it wanted to. Dean ran straight to his friend’s side, checking out the damage. Jo screamed and apologized over and over again. Castiel could only stand and watch.
It wasn't? This was just getting weirder, who the hell bothered to give her a fake name and real number in the book? All these questions were piling up in Dean's head and he was close to getting a headache.
"Next time tell your little boyfriend to be more quiet. If he keeps on being as loud as he is, sooner or later everyone's going to learn about you two," warned Gabriel.
"Why did you call me, Dean? Is everything alright?" Castiel asked.
"Dean, I… I don't really know what to say."
"Oh hello Dean," said Mr. Novak, "will you be coming with us to see my sermon?"
"I know," was all Dean said and they both returned to staying silent.
Castiel walked behind his gay friend, listening to the humming tunes that Dean let out. He had been humming pretty much since they got onto the trail heading to their fort and it got Castiel curious.
As he was about to close the bathroom door, Castiel was grabbed and dragged up the stairs. A clammy hand covered his mouth and an arm around his chest, trying to pull him long. Castiel would've been more scared had things like this not been a normal occurrence in the Novak household. So he did what any sibling would do and dropped his weight to make it more difficult for whoever was dragging him.
"Like what?"
Dean smiled and kissed Castiel, breaking it off and leaning his forehead against the other boy's.
When he looked up he could see a small tear at the edge of Castiel's eye so he decided to do what any
"Uh… he didn't do it," said Dean emphatically, holding his hands up.
Dean got back to his apartment and went to his closet to dig through it for some wrapping paper. He knew he had some somewhere, he just had to find it.
Dean smiled a little at the sight of it and made sure Sam was all snug in his outfit, wrapping the scarf around Sam's face.
"Have you kissed any girls?" Castiel repeated.
"I just heard it somewhere and I'm trying to figure out what it means too. I think it has something to do with fornication," coughed Castiel.
He looked around the saw no one around, should he just walk out with the book?
The trio walked down main street and made their way to the candy store. It was only about a five minute walk but in the summer heat they were practically begging that the store owner put out the fan today. To their delight, he did and they huddled around it in an attempt to cool off.
"No, I just let him win. Benny needs all the reassurance he can get that he's still popular with the girls," Dean laughed.
No matter what Dean tried to do, Benny kept on groveling on the floor. The sweat poured down his face as he groaned in pain.
When Castiel played the final key, he put his arms at his side and looked up at his sister for approval. Naomi just nodded her head and told him to wait right there for her while she left the room. He could've sworn he saw the faint essence of a smile on her face.
"Okay, what would you like me to help you with then?" asked the man, closing his book.
"When grandfather lived in the old country, they used to play music together as children," said Castiel fondly.
"I can hear, fat-head," growled Benny, glaring daggers at Jo, "just because I don't speak much doesn't mean I'm a bad listener."
"Dean! You're completely wet!" Castiel said, only now realizing it.
"I don't know if I want to be a mother, I think I might want to try my hand in owning a business," said Jo.
By the end of it, he just wanted to sit there and try to relax but begrudgingly got himself up. He looked in the mirror and groaned at the sight of a monocle drawn on his face with the words slut written across his forehead.
"Or maybe it's just someone who's lonely and this is their cry for help," Sam proposed.
"What about you?" Dean asked, looking up at Castiel. All the other boy did was smile and walk away, this pretty much made Dean's mouth drop.
"Hmm? Oh, no… I'm good," said Castiel after snapping out of his thoughts.
"Last I checked, it was about half past four," said Gabriel, sprawled across Castiel's bed.
~•~•~
"What if instead of her being your first kiss, I was?" Castiel rushed out in a single breath.
Benny shrugged and tossed Dean the pack of matches. With a quick swipe across the striker, he lit a match and carried it deeper into the car. He could just barely see a metal object and made his way towards it.
"Nothing, you just seemed like you needed a hug," said Castiel, still holding on.
"Hey Cas," said Jo.
Castiel could only groan and stomped up the hill. His legs were getting sore but with the knowledge that the big surprise would be right over this hill, it gave him a small burst of energy.
He couldn't help but stare at the text, not really knowing what to say. Sam had left a few hours ago and Dean just laid on his couch, staring at the message. He would type something, leave it as a draft only to delete it and try something else.
"That's different, you're not trying to annoy me when you kiss me," Castiel pouted, drying his face.
"She once ate a worm and she wasn't even dared to," said Benny. "She always does weird things like that."
Everyone went quiet as they all stared at Castiel, their eyes wide. And not a second later, the room erupted in laughter. Each of the Novak brothers were practically holding their stomachs from how hard they were laughing. In a huff, Uncle Marv stormed away to the kitchen as some of his nieces and nephews ran past him.
~•~•~
"What is that supposed to mean?"
"Well it wasn't Gabriel, he's too stupid to read a comic strip let alone a book," shouted Lucifer, chasing after the blue eyed boy. "You're the only one in this house who would do it!"
"What do you think of Dean?"
"Jo, you're a genius," praised Dean, giving her a thumbs up.
"Hell yeah!" yelled Dean, pumping his fist in the air.
"Let me think… Oh! I know a place," Castiel said, grabbing Dean by the hand and leading the way.
The younger boy led Dean to an older looking building behind the church. When Dean asked what it was, Castiel told him it was the annex. They apparently only used the place under special circumstances like celebrations or baptisms.
"If I say yes will you take your sweaty hands off of my face?"
Castiel stopped and thought for a moment, his eyes focused. He had his lips pushed out and his eyebrows clenched. His thinking face.
"Oh so I'm a bed now?"
It was a nice thought and it did make Dean excited. He was sure that Benny and Jo would love Cas too, even if it would take some time. Sam had come around to him so why couldn't they?
Castiel smiled and fixed himself. Dean looked genuinely happy that school was starting which only furthered Castiel's excitement.
"What am I going to call you, little one?"
"I… I don't know…"
"That's her," said Benny.
"And that smell is just ghastly," Jo whined, using her fingers to pinch her nose shut.
"What is it this time? I don't have any money," said Dean, worried about what another bet would cost him.
John did not move.
"Oh? Tell me more."
"I was going to wrap it but if you're going to be so impatient I'll just go get it right now then."
"Well it's not like you had any friends anyways, so I don't really see your problem," Lucifer butted in.
"Don't mention it. Now… what are we learning?"
"Why? It's just a-," Benny started.
"Get up, Dad. You know you can't stay there," repeated Dean, kicking his father a little harder.
Dean looked at Cas with an eyebrow raised. He opened his mouth and let his tongue slide over Castiel's hands, the warm wetness causing Cas to flinch and let go.
"Thanks Cas," said Dean and climbed inside the window. He made his way over to Castiel's bed and laid down as if it were his own.
"For making you see something you weren't really comfortable with," said Dean
Castiel could only bring himself to nod. Neither boy had really talked about the kiss they had only a little over a week ago so the unexpected surprise of another sent Castiel's mind rushing. A mixture of emotions went through his head as he hugged Dean for one last time.
“I like to eat, alright? You don’t see me saying anything when I see you stuffing your face at the Roadhouse,” groaned Benny, his voice sounding tired and faded.
"Good."
"My dad came home as soon as he heard the news. He didn't help anything, he was worse off when he came back and with everything that happened here, he broke. Bobby and Ellen heard about what happened and ever since they've been helping out in any way they can. And you know the rest.
"Alright," said Dean and left it at that. The rest of their walk into town was just small talk about what they thought the film would be like, or what life in California was like (to which Sam found particular interest in), or what they would do after.
"You're welcome, Mr. Casanova," Jo hummed, winking at him.
"It did look really gruesome but he'll live," sighed Michael.
"We don't celebrate Halloween in my house," Castiel mumbled.
"Yeah, it is," said Dean as he took a seat next to Cas. The two of them counting the stars.
Dean just rolled his eyes and went back to talking to Castiel. His hand still rubbed at his shin.
Jo and Sam were both waiting, arms crossed and smiles smug. Dean didn't care that he had lost this bet, he ended up with something that was much better than a week's worth of chores done for him. The only problem was that he wanted more of it. And he was sure Cas did too.
August 3rd, 1946
"And what about you, darling? What did she say?" Dean giggled, looking down at Castiel.
"Yeah?" Dean asked, watching Michael look through old boxes.
The Roadhouse was an old bar that was run by the Harvelle's since the beginning of time itself. It's business had been slow the past few months but it still managed to stay afloat. Most of the people who came to the place were regulars at this point and nobody new ever really came in. But even with the regulars, nobody was showing up in this kind of weather.
"You have people here?" Dean asked, pulling away from Castiel's embrace.
"Not if you're as annoying around them as you are with me," said Castiel.
Like some sort of miracle, everyone in the congregation stood up to pray. Dean had been to enough churches in the past to know this meant that the end was close.
Dean could only roll his eyes and trudge over to the two. Without another word, Dean held out both of his hands to reveal a tiny black kitten with bright green eyes. It took in Jo and Castiel before licking it's paw and patting it's head.
"We're all talking about what we want to be when we grow up so what do you want to do?" Jo asked.
Dean was sitting on one of the old boxes behind a tent with Sam. The two of them were waiting for Benny and Jo, the latter refused to let the both of them start without her.
"Do I get to know where we're all going?" Castiel asked.
After a few more minutes had passed, Castiel stopped causing Dean to halt progress as well.
"I think Cassie just misses all of the beautiful girls on the beaches. God knows I do," snickered Gabriel as he stretched his arm from the back seat and messed up Cas' hair.
"Um… no, not really. It took over an hour just to get one for us," said Castiel.
"I still can!"
"...About?"
"Yeah, I ask him everything. He doesn't get mad about it, he's actually kind of nice that way. Better than my Dad…" said Dean, watching the last of his cigarette burn out.
"Thank you, Gabriel. Are you coming in with us?" asked Castiel.
"Yeah?"
"It's not my fault, Jo over here likes to take her time getting a move on,' laughed Benny, earning himself a slap in the arm from Jo.
"She was so beautiful, Dean. I'm telling you, I think I'm in love," swooned Benny, leaning on Jo dramatically.
"That's it! She likes to go on and on about it whenever she's here so I finally let her leave a request form for new members."
“Yeah yeah, see you later,” Dean said, rolling his eyes.
"Of course!" Castiel said with a big smile, nodding his head.
"You should all be ashamed of yourselves," Castiel said, turning his back on his friends and running to help out Charlie.
"You tried it at least and that's all I can ask," Dean said, handing over a plate of eggs bacon and toast to his brother.
"Cas… Cassie…. Castiel! Wake up! You're already late for school," shouted Gabriel, shaking his baby brother awake.
"Because you're about to eat my dust," said Dean as he punched Castiel's arm and bolted across the dirt road in front of his house.
Dean stood silently before shaking his head no in defeat. The most he had ever done was hold a girl's hand before and that was when Jo was still trying to walk. Does that even count?
"That make up for the film?" asked Dean and bit his lip to hide the smile when Castiel nodded and hummed his answer. "Good."
"I hate this place. I hate this place. Everytime we come here, something always happens to me. This is all your fault, Dean. You always like coming here but it always bites me in the butt," Jo cried, tears streaming down her face.
"Hey, how do you two feel about gettin' some candy?" asked Dean. He wasn't at all surprised at Sam's shout of happiness and looked at Cas.
"That would ruin the surprise, Cas. Trust me, you'll see it soon," said Dean, hugging the blue-eyed boy from the side.
“We need to take him to a doctor, Dean,” said Castiel, shaking his head back to reality.
"What are you three talking about anyways?" Castiel asked, holding his knees to his chest.
"You just have a knack for showing up to insult me, don't you?" Dean bemoaned.
"Dean, are you alright?" asked Castiel, seeing Dean's swollen eye.
Castiel stood at the edge of the road, the sight of Dean's house still making him a little uncomfortable. All he had to do was walk up to the door and see if Dean was there but Castiel had seen what Dean's father had looked like the day prior when he had come home after work. Personally, he didn't want to have to ever talk to him. The man sent shivers down Castiel's spine, he looked as if he could kill the boy without even having to touch him. How Dean could live with such a man was beyond him.
"I'm fine, Dean. I don't want you to spend anymore on me," Castiel said with a blush.
"Oh… I'm Castiel. Castiel Novak," answered Cas.
Cas earned a scornful glance from his old man for that.
"Everyone just kind of accepts to stay away from her, she's bad luck," said Jo.
Benny rolled his eyes and took the hand Castiel held out to help him up. The three boys could hear the chatter from outside of the fort. It sounded like someone doubled the speed on a record player with how fast the girls were talking.
"Of course! What about them?"
"You do?"
"Thanks Gabriel," said Castiel hugging his older brother.
“Yeah, I know,” came his reply as he turned around to the sight of Anna. He had to admit for someone pushing sixty-five, she was looking pretty good. But now wasn’t the time for thoughts like that. Hell, it was never the time for that. At least time treated her nicer than it did him.
"Oh no, why would we mind?" Jo said through a thin smile.
"Way to shoot down my happiness, Cas," said Dean coldly.
"The same as always, just pick," said Andy with a roll of his eyes. The Winchester brothers always made it a habit to come in and annoy him. It passed the time.
"Well I'm obviously fine," said Castiel defensively.
"Good, now come on. Take a seat," said Gabriel, sitting on his bed and patting the spot next to him.
Dean sat at the corner of the table and next to Castiel who was waiting patiently for everyone to calm down to begin to eat. Gabe sat next to Castiel and Lucifer. He was busy trying to make a paper airplane. Lucifer was having an argument with Michael who sat next to him. Mrs. Novak was next to Michael at one end of the table, setting up her plate. Next to her sat Anna who was busy sucking on a pacifier. Naomi was next and busy trying to figure out her schedule for the next day. After that was Raphael who was busy eye fucking the ham. Then Mr. Novak was sitting at the other end of the table who stood up and smiled.
"You're timing is impeccable, Cas," Dean groaned, taking his friend's hand and standing up. He wiped his hands on his pants and wiped the mud off of his face, leaving a dirty smear of dirt across his cheeks. "It really is something else, you know that?"
"I'd like that," said Dean with a smile.
Dean thought for a second and only asked, "Isn't it about that stuffed bear?"
"That's not what I asked," sighed Dean, rubbing the back of his head and watching the automobiles pass by before looking back at Castiel. "You're gettin' something."
"That's so funny because I remember the story a little bit differently," Jo sneered.
But this time Dean just shook his head, smiled, and said "Thanks, Cas."
"You got me," laughed Dean, letting go.
"I don't know… anything? What were you doing right now?"
He got up and made his way to the window, opening it.
Everyone stopped in their tracks and looked back at Benny in bewilderment. Their eyes were trained on him for so long that he apologized and walked on ahead of the group, clearly embarrassed.
"Castiel? What kind of name is that? It's weird," the boy said with a smirk. "Name's Dean, Dean Winchester."
"What the hell are you doing?" came an unknown voice from behind him.
"What?" Dean stopped in his tracks and looked at Castiel. He never heard his little book loving friend to ask about anything like that.
"I really needed to use the bathroom, Gabriel," whined Castiel. "What did you need that was so important?"
"Balakirev."
After buying the giant rainbow lollipop, the boys left the shop and rounded the corner to look at their stolen goods. In all they had six chocolates, 3 pieces of gum, a pack of fun dip, a chocolate covered cherry, and a case of candied cigarettes.
"What? No, what the hell are you on about? I found some cigarettes and want to try them out," Dean said in a hushed tone.
"Or what about that time you tried to shoot a shotgun and ended up shooting your own foot at Aunt Rachel's wedding?" Raphael said, looking up from his book. It was rare for him to ever take part in this kind of matter but Castiel guessed that tearing into Uncle Marv made for a special occasion.
The ticking of the grandfather clock rang through the dining room as Castiel tapped his pencil impatiently on the table. He had been there for hours at this point and he was beginning to get tired. His eyes were drooping, closing slowly as if any minute he would pass out.
"Yes, you do. Now let's get you to bed," said Bobby. It took all of his strength to lift up John and walk over Dean but he did it. He left the young boy there and carried the drunken man to the back of the house, to his room.
The three of them walked out of the house and to the old truck. Dean buckled Sam in and walked over to Bobby.
Not a moment later did the front door slam open and in came Dean's old man. He was tripping over himself and grumbling some nonsense. When he saw Dean, his eyes narrowed and he sneered.
"A telephone, Dean, it works pretty well too," said Jo, pointing to the rotary phone behind the bar.
Castiel helped Charlie up, with Dean picking up her books.
"Oh hello Dean, what are you doing here so early?" Castiel asked, his fingers getting stuck in knots around his tie.
"So what do you like about him?"
"Just place the boxes in over there and you can get going," said Father as he ran his fingers through Castiel's messy, black hair and kissed it before heading into the kitchen. Castiel could hear his mother shriek in surprise before there was another sound, laughter. He shrugged and did as he was told, placing the boxes in the living room.
"But not hopeless. So tell me how I should get her to leave, I want to listen to the radio."
"Hey Dean?"
"Dean, are you even listening to me?" asked Jo, her eyes shooting daggers at him.
It was a shame, had Dean known about her before he might've called her. Not for the potential that she could've been super hot but he'd always wanted to try out Dungeons and Dragons. He just knew no one that played it.
Lost in thought, Dean stumbled into the fantasy section and began to look through there. Sam already had the big names. Harry Potter, Lord of the Rings, Wheel of Time, Game of Thrones, if you could name it Sam read it five times over. Maybe if Dean found something super obscure his little brother would be happy.
"We were just talking about what we're going to wear for Halloween. It's just around the corner, you know," said Jo.
The Novak boys all walked along the dirt path to their home, telling each other of the day they each had.
When Sam's hands touched the bin, he immediately started blowing chunks. He was like that for about a minute before shooting up and was as good as new.
"You're built like one and you refuse to leave, so yes. Now go to sleep."
"You're goin' to the Novak place again? You might as well live with them at this point," laughed Bobby.
Charlie handed Castiel the book she had been carrying with her. The title was printed with big bold letters on the cover labeled
~•~•~
"I don't know about that," sighed Dean, "you might scare him off like all the other boys you like."
"Dean?! What are you doing here?" asked Castiel in a hushed tone.
"He doesn't mean that," Castiel said, trying to calm down Jo, " he's just being a bit of a jerk, that's all."
As they made their way onto the dirt road leading to Castiel's, they were relieved to see Michael and Lucifer running up to them.
"Good, because someday when we're older I'm going to get us some train tickets and use those old tracks to get us out of here," said Dean.
July 9th, 1946
"You're right… good night, Gabriel," yawned Castiel, getting up and making his way to the door.
"Quiet down, my family is going to hear you," Castiel said, holding his hands on Dean's mouth.
Before they knew it, the bell was ringing and recess had ended. And much to Castiel's insistence, Charlie sat at their table with them in class.
"Well Cas, I think he's going to love it. I just hope he doesn't skip any pages," said Gabriel, holding back laughter and smiling like a madman.
"Michael would go on and on for hours about this boy. He was like a puppy who would only ever think about its owner. It was cute, really. I've never really seen him as happy as he was then," said Lucifer.
"Gabriel?"
Sam and Dean were used to seeing scary things, it was pretty much a regular occurrence for them. Anything horror related was a bit of an obsession for the both of them, actually.
When Castiel let go, Michael messed with his hair and gently pushed his brother away so he could return to his studies. Castiel made his way back down the stairs and returned to his empty sheet of paper with only one thing on his mind.
"Good, then save it for him," said Dean.
"See! I told you I knew I heard something," shouted Gabriel, the loudness and shock of the whole situation causing Dean to jump into the pond to hide his naked body but not before the Novak boys all saw him.
August 28nd, 1946
"Don't be like that, Castiel. I need you to be more sure about your answer before I tell you it."
"That's pretty cool," said Dean. He turned around and started to walk away. "Well I'll see you tomorrow, Cas. Don't get too scared, ok?"
He chuckled to himself and rolled his eyes. What girl would read some dumb fantasy novel like this? But while he laughed, something compelled him to keep it. He put the slip of paper in his pocket and walked over to the register.
"I'm shaking in my sheets," he laughed, watching the last of his friends leave the room.
"I don't know," Dean shrugged.
The two boys sat under the night sky, Castiel's head resting on Dean's shoulder. Nervously testing the waters, Dean reached out and held Castiel's hand. To his surprise, Castiel gave in and held Dean's hand, their fingers intertwined.
"Are you alright Castiel?" asked Naomi, kneeling in front of her little brother.
It was only when the summer sun began to say goodbye against the horizon that the two boys got out of the pond. Castiel put on his shirt but didn't bother to button it up as he sat on the edge of the pond, his feet playfully drawing little circles in the water. Dean didn't bother getting dressed and just watched the sun set. He didn't seem embarrassed at all by his naked body, Castiel had to admit that he wished he too was that confident. They watched the sun set quietly.
Even Dean looked to be trying his best though his nightly visits still happened like clockwork. It seemed to put Dean in a rather happy mood.
"I… okay," mumbled Castiel in defeat, he knew there was no way of talking her out of this one.
"Dean, what are you doing? You don't even know anybody to ca-" said Jo, walking over to him only to be shushed.
"I guess that just leaves Sammy!" Jo interrupted, trying her best to cut the tension.
"You're both a bunch of pigs. Right, Sammy?" asked Jo, disgusted.
"Sorry Dean, he just got away a lot faster than I thought he would," apologized Bobby.
"I'm sorry for calling you a 'piece of fucking shit' Dad. I didn't mean it," said Dean. "I'm tired and I didn't mean it."
"I didn't, my old man left some on the ground and I guess he forgot about them," Dean shrugged.
"Maybe he'll burn once he steps foot in one," snickered Lucifer, walking behind Michael.
"Just hand them over," Dean said with his hand held out.
While Sam went on and on about how cool he thought the Wolfman was, Castiel just listened and nodded his head. Dean took this as his chance to take what was left of his change out of his pocket and got to thinking.
"You know I don't mind carrying any of those slats, Cas. I really don't," said Dean.
"Have you ever actually met a lawyer?" Benny questioned, smiling mischievously with an eyebrow raised.
"I know I'm not supposed to feel like this about him but I like Dean a lot. He's always trying to make me laugh and smile. Is it normal if I'm having feelings for a boy like this?"
"Shut up, Gabriel. Not everyone is a pervert like you," Castiel shot back. He smacked Gabe's hand away.
"Look out my window, Cas," Gabriel instructed.
Sighing and wiping his face, Dean dragged John to his bed. It took a few minutes but he managed to get his old man on the bed and propped up so he wouldn't choke on his vomit in the middle of the night.
"You love me," snickered Gabriel.
"It's good to know I'm not the only one excited about this," Dean chuckled, handing the slip of paper to Jo.
"You don't get your first drink till everyone else is here," Dean scolded, putting the beer back.
"Deda? Would you like to play chess and tell me a story of the old country?" asked Castiel, smiling.
Dean rolled his eyes and sat in a chair by the front door, waiting for everyone to finish up and leave. It was pretty amusing to watch Castiel's family getting ready for such an occasion. Michael and Naomi looked over everyone and picked out every single flaw, telling them to fix it before they left. Gabriel had to run up the stairs to his room on the third floor about five or six times just to change his shirt to something they deemed more appropriate.
Desperate, Dean kicked with his free foot and hit his dad square in the jaw. John stumbled back, spitting out blood and lunging after Dean. The boy screamed and threw himself out the window, picking himself up and running along the dirt road leading to his house.
"No, I'm not the best at reading," mumbled Dean, clearly he wasn't very proud about it.
"Gabriel!" shouted Mr. Novak.
"What are you doing, Dean?" Jo asked, holding Charlie's hand as she walked.
"No, Father says it's a holiday meant to celebrate demons and it's pagan background is an upfront to God," Castiel said sadly.
"And what if you're the only person I trust to even do that with," asked Castiel, his cigarette burning out as well.
"Obviously."
"Oh really Benny? That's interesting. And did one of these men happen to have beautiful long blonde hair?" Jo interrupted, smirking.
"Wanna make a deal?" Jo offered, a mischievous look in her eyes.
"But the weird thing is that she says she doesn't even remember putting her number in any book and that the name it was written under wasn't her's."
"I want to be a firefighter so nobody else can go through that. If I do my best, then that'll never happen again to another kid like me."
"I don't mind, Dean, I think it'll be fun," Castiel reassured.
"Aww that's so sweet. Cassie thinks I can make friends," laughed Gabriel.
But Castiel turned at just the right time, jumped out of the way and hid behind Dean.
"Deal!" Jo giggled and sat next to Dean, talking his ear off again.
"So what are you going to call him, Cas?" Jo asked.
"Do you have any that might be useful in the future?"
August 11th, 1946
Castiel looked at Dean as if to say no but stopped himself and nodded reluctantly.
"Oh, I'm sorry" said Castiel, shaking his head and trying to focus on the lesson at hand. Ever since Michael and Lucifer managed to work the piano into the house, Castiel's piano lessons began again. He liked them but it was at times like this that he wished he had kept his mouth shut when he said he wanted to learn at the age of five. Naomi was a stern teacher and demanded perfection. Truthfully, Castiel would rather be with Dean than spending another moment listening to his older sister berate him for not playing up to her standards.
"Bullshit! When I get my hands on you, you're going to wish you stole from Fort Knox instead," John growled, slamming himself against the door. A sloppy grin grew on his face as he felt the door budge a little. The cracking of wood sending shivers down Dean's spine.
The two boys continued on walking for another few minutes, eventually ending up at an old shed on Dean's property.
"Likewise… would you like to sit with us?" Castiel asked, earning him a look from Dean.
"Oh I'm sorry to hear that," Mrs. Novak said, "I'm sure the boys have a spare one that he can have. Don't you?"
"Yes you did. You kept saying Benny is going to be ugly and deformed for the rest of his life," smirked Sam.
Mindlessly, he walked up to his big brother and hugged him.
"You're ridiculous, Jo."
His fingers quickly typed against his phone and without any more thinking, he hit send.
In no time at all they had the old shed looking as good as new. No, that was a lie. It looked barely any better than before but that didn't matter to the children. They were proud of their work. Well, most of them were.
"Probably, it's possible," said Benny, shrugging as he stared at the clouds overhead.
"Okay, well why are you in charge? I can take care of myself," Gabriel went on.
"Jo tried to kill him again," Dean said, walking in and chuckling.
"Mhmm! I have another copy at home so it's perfectly fine."
"Hey Dean, do you think Dad'll get mad about us being here?" asked Sammy, looking up at his older brother as he took another bite of his candied apple.
"I'll tell you, okay?" Dean said, moving himself closer to Castiel again.
"I find that hard to believe but if you say so," laughed Gabriel.
The taste was a new one for the both of them. The faint taste of the cigarettes mixed in with the familiar taste they had gotten used to, catching them both by surprise. Castiel pulled away and stood up, unlocking the door to the closet.
"Mhmm! The four guys broke into the Roadhouse and tried to steal from the register," Jo went on.
With a crack of his knuckles, Castiel began to play Mozart's Piano Sonata No. 16 (in C major to be exact). He could feel his sister's judging eyes glare holes through him so Castiel just closed his own eyes and focused on the music at hand. He had played this song hundreds of times for her in the past and each time she looked at him as if it were his first time even touching a piano. But his family always did try their best at anything they put their minds to, so it doesn't surprise him that Naomi had such high expectations for him. Though he did wish she could be a little easier on him.
"Yeah, really."
"Why?" Castiel asked, genuinely curious and losing all focus on their banter.
The two walked up there in complete silence. Dean was never able to get a read on Michael.  He was sure the older boy hated him but for whatever reason Dean didn't quite know.
"I think that's a lovely idea," whispered Castiel.
"I'm not going to answer that," said Castiel.
"Yeah, it is."
"Nope," Dean laughed, followed by almost everyone else in the fort.
"No," Dean snorted, taking the book out and handing it over to Sam.
"She said I'll know she's the one when our eyes match like the sky and the fields… whatever that means." Castiel said, shrugging and looking at the ground.
"Wha?" Dean felt his heart skip a beat, his own face blushing. His first kiss? He always pictured it being with a hot girl or something but the thought of it being his new best friend. Well that just made it even better.
"We'll have to go back to the scene of the crime," Jo cheered, throwing her arm in the air triumphantly.
"Yeah but I wanted to talk."
Luckily enough, Bobby came quickly behind and held back Dean's drunken father.
"No, I can't," said Dean, looking down at Castiel, "Bobby can't take Sam tonight so I have to watch him."
"...Are you popular with the girls?" Castiel smiled.
"Well that was fun," Dean laughed, his breath landing on Castiel's lips. They're eyes locked on each other. It was better than any kiss he would've gotten from Lisa, that was for damn sure.
"Maybe she meant you two would be a thing," said Jo with crossed arms, "think about it, the sky is blue and the fields are green. Castiel has blue eyes and you have green, it's not that much of a stretch."
"Like I give a damn if he gets mad or not, we'll be fine," said Dean, watching the crowd.
"If it was broken you'd be the first to know," said Dean, fixing himself.
"No…"
"A little, yeah. But I think that's probably because he's from California or something," said Dean, resting on the couch again.
"You did? That's wonderful Castiel," said Raphael.
"How do you expect to get better if your head is always in the clouds, Castiel?" asked Naomi.
"I uh… no, no I don't," Castiel admitted.
"I don't have to sit here and take any of this. I won't stand for this," said Uncle Marv, standing up and fixing his coat. His face was now bright red.
"What is?" Castiel asked, looking a bit confused but keeping his eyes on his empty sheet of paper in front of him.
Dean cut off Castiel's rambles and slammed their lips together. Cas let out a little yelp followed by a soft moan as he kissed Dean back. The older boy wasn't expecting Castiel's lips to be so soft, they were almost like kissing clouds. The faint taste of strawberries made Dean kiss a little harder before cutting it off and catching his breath.
"Thanks, Cas! You're the best," shouted Dean, laughing excitedly.
"What's the matter? I thought you liked being one of the girls," teased Dean.
"It'll be fine, Cas. You just gotta have faith in me, I'll get us out," Dean said, trying to cheer the other boy up.
"No, I'll just leave you guys be."
"It's alright, Dean. I'll always be willing to help you out with class if you really need the help," said Castiel.
"About time you picked up," Jo whined, "Charlie is at the Roadhouse and she's driving me up the wall."
"Sammy and I aren't going to see Zorro but I'm pretty sure you'll like this one," said Dean with a sly smile.
Castiel grunted in response.
"...A few weeks now," Castiel muttered, looking at his feet.
"Do you think I'll like it here?"
"I think that sounds nice," Dean said with a soft smile. "Maybe I can try reading some of your work then?"
Dean looked up and he could see Benny walking up to Lisa and taking her by the hand. The two walked away with Benny looking behind his shoulder to stick his tongue out at Dean. All the green eyed boy could do was sigh and turn his attention to the person standing in front of him.
"Really?"
"It's fine, Cas. It happened a while ago," said Dean.
Charlie sat right next to Jo, humming to herself. Dean slowly handed her her books and took his spot with Castiel sitting dangerously close to Dean yet again.
"I made it just in time," said Dean, grinning from ear to ear.
"I bet it is," said Sam as he looked at Dean and smirked, "Can we go see the Wolfman now?"
"Yeah, her name was something like Linda or was it Lois? I don't know but Benny just kept on trying to chat her up," sighed Jo.
"Yeah, I will if it'll get you to stop hitting me," said Dean.
"You were the one who thought it would be a good idea to let her into our group! I figured you might know a way to get her to leave."
"By two years!" shouted Gabriel, holding two fingers in front of his older brother's face.
"I told you that because I didn't think you would use it against me, you bitch!" Dean groaned, his face red with shame.
"What?" Castiel stopped in his tracks and turned to look at his friends. He was shocked at how calm and relaxed they looked.
The phone from the kitchen began to ring. Lucifer snickered as he walked away, waving goodbye to his baby brother.
"You're damn right you haven't," Dean laughed, going to get himself a beer.
"I told you I could do it," protested Castiel.
It was already fast asleep, making itself comfortable on his pillow. He was happy that he was able to take the little thing home but he had no idea what to do to take care of it. He had to make a note to ask Gabriel or Michael to see if they knew what to do. But the main thing crossing his mind was the idea of a name. No matter how hard he thought, nothing stuck.
"Makes sense, so where are you from?"
"Okay, what do you guys have in mind?" Dean asked.
"This sounds so amazing! I've never read this one before," Castiel said, trying to hand the book to Charlie.
"I'm going to be asking the questions here, so I need you to answer everything with complete honesty," said Gabriel with crossed arms.
"Why is she there?" Castiel asked, wiping the remaining tears from his eyes.
That was a bit weird too. What does she do that she didn't want Dean to know? Was she ashamed of her job? Was she a dancer? That would be pretty hot. Wait, that probably shouldn't be the first thing to jump to. Maybe she just has a job that he could easily find out who she is if she said it. That's more than likely the right answer.
"Dean, please. I'm serious," begged Castiel.
"Dean!" Castiel corrected, "You can't say that in my house. Father will get angry if he hears it."
"It's um… my name is Castiel," corrected Cas, embarrassed by the shyness in his voice. He must've sounded like a baby in front of Dean, though Dean looked like he didn't really care.
"I don't think it's scary, just a bit… intimidating," said Castiel.
"Alright Winchester, spill," said Jo as she took her seat opposite Dean.
"Well look at it this way; with that little attitude of your's, this'll do you some good," said Cas' Father, "this will be a chance for us to spread the good word of the Lord. Salvation is important."
Sighing and stepping next to him, Anna rested her head on Dean’s shoulder. Though he wanted to move, to get away from her touch, Dean had to admit it was nice to feel someone there. It was nice. But he didn’t deserve kindness like this, much less from Cas’ own family. After everything they had been through. After everything that Dean had done. He deserved to be six feet under, not Cas, not his angel.
"You did?"
"You haven't?" Dean smiled, it felt bad to think but he was happy Cas hadn't kissed anybody either.
. Castiel skimmed through some of the pages and was instantly enthralled.
"H-hello, how can I help you?" asked the same blue-eyed guy Dean had seen before. He was still as cute as before with his bedhead looking as crazy as ever.
Castiel just turned his head to watch Dean laugh at his friends before he too got into the argument. The three of them were going at it for as long as they could. Cas found it funny but still kept his eyes on Dean, his mind racing with ideas on why Dean would want to become a firefighter and none of them good. He wanted to know more but knew he shouldn't push his luck. It was rude and Castiel hated to push people too far. But still, maybe it wouldn't hurt to just ask once.
"Can't. My old man is already mad at me most of the time; the last thing I need is for him to get mad at me for sneaking in an animal," said Dean, shaking his head.
"Well I guess I better get going, I'll see you whenever you get back from church. The sun will be up still by then, right?" Dean said, turning around and waving goodbye.
It took awhile for the children to all find a place that they thought would work out the best for their secret fort. Castiel had suggested that they use the shed next to his own home but sadly found out that it was locked tighter than Fort Knox. Jo suggested using the attic of the Roadhouse but Castiel said his father would never let him anywhere near a bar. Benny couldn't think of anything. In the end, during one of his old man's tantrums, Dean had run out of the house with Sammy and ended up finding an old shed about a mile away from his home.
"Oh Cas."
"Sorry, Father. But it's true, his coat didn't even help him in the rain on his way over here. He was practically drowning with how wet he was," said Gabriel.
Dean walked into his home to smell the sick scent of piss and spilled booze. Walking into his living room, he saw John passed out on the floor.
"I'm surprised, he actually managed to make it through the whole thing," said Michael, the faintest sound of a laugh escaping his lips.
"And why's that?"
Castiel could feel his eyes begin to tear up as he held onto Dean. Dean had this far gone look in his own eyes, it was almost as if he cried over this a hundred times over and had no more tears to shed.
"Then yes, Dean," giggled Castiel.
Excusing himself, Castiel stood up and walked over to his grandfather.
Before you knew it, the two were wrestling each other on the floor. Neither one seemed to have the lead, but both claimed that they were winning. Dean would hold Jo in a headlock only for her to bite his arm and so on and so forth.
"Morning Buttercup!" Dean shouted.
"Hey Benny!" Dean shouted out, waving his hand high up in the air.
"I could be pregnant and you wouldn't even notice until the baby popped right on out of me, Benny."
The little boy just stared at him with a blank expression and slowly hid behind Dean.
"Oh, I should've put that together," said Dean, laughing.
"Being honest and stupid," Castiel said, rolling his eyes and moving away, his back pressed against the wall.
~•~•~
"But Jo and Benny know, their faces said it all. I'd like to know too."
"Hmm? Oh yeah, I was," lied Dean.
"I think you're just scared she might want to kiss me and not you," teased Dean.
Dean slammed the palm of his hand against his face and turned to Castiel.
Benny just laughed at the two brothers before turning to look at Jo, who seemed suspiciously quiet.
“Do you mind telling me about you two? I’ve been dying to know since forever and Cas wouldn’t ever tell,” she asked in almost a begging tone.
"Skinny dipping? Castiel, I'm surprised at you," began Michael but was quickly shut down by Lucifer who stripped down to nothing and jumped into the pond. It wasn't long before Gabriel and Raphael followed suit. "Them though, them, I'm not surprised."
"We're about to have dinner so come on in… I'll go get you some clothes," said Gabe and went to find some clothes while leaving Dean in the front hall.
Dean just rolled his eyes and went into his room. A minute later he came out with his hands behind his back and stood in front of his brother.
"Oh? Like Castiel isn't an odd name already?" Charlie shot back.
"Evil demon, you are on the land of Sir Castiel of House Novak and you must leave or I'll… I'll be forced to kill you," said Castiel in the toughest voice he could muster.
"Yeah, I don't know if it's just him but his whole family is weird so I figured it might just be a California thing," said Dean.
"I feel like an adult," Dean said, smiling.
"Well um… no bu-"
"And?"
“Oh Benny! I’m so so very sorry, you know I wouldn’t have done that if I knew that was going to happen,” Jo kept repeating.
October 19th, 2009
"Took you guys long enough, I thought I was going to be here all alone the whole time," said Benny.
"Something about a boy who was jealous you were kissing other boys," said Dean, laying his head against the table.
"Are you calling me fat?" asked Dean, looking puzzled.
"Yeah, but Dean's takes it to another level. I don't ever see him talk about Benny that way and they've been friends since forever," said Jo.
"No other reason?"
"And you decided to wake me up because?"
A Novak dinner is a bit of a chaotic occasion as Dean had soon come to learn. It was filled with bickering, shouting, and most of all laughing. These were all sounds Dean had grown accustomed to, of course, but it still amazed him how they all were.
"It's been in our collection for as long as I can remember. Ever since I was a child, actually," said Castiel, still flipping through the pages.
"But her name isn't Angel."
"When you say it like that, I get all excited."
As he made his way to the surprise, Castiel could feel Dean jumping onto his shoulders and covering his eyes.
"Yes dear?" she said, cutting into her ham.
"You had fun?" Dean asked.
"You had your chance," Azazel shrugged, before throwing a punch.
"Hello? This is the Novak household, how can I help you?" came the gentle voice over the phone.
Sam nodded, did as he was told and ran out of the room to his own. He came back a little later with his raincoat on and a little scarf his mother had knitted Dean years ago.
"You're welcome," said Dean, earning him a roll of the eyes from virtually everyone in the car.
"Father has some paperwork and meetings he needs to do while Michael is in charge of counting the tithes, and Naomi makes sure everything is clean and ready for next week," Castiel answered.
The house was filled with Novaks. His family decided to have a surprise get together so now the household was filled with aunts, uncles, cousins, nieces, and nephews. It was a good thing their new home was so big or else there wouldn't be enough room to fit all of them.
"No, and I've been thinking … what if Jo is right?"
~•~•~
"Hmm… I haven't really thought about it. Why did you have an idea?" came Castiel's answer as he looked back at Jo.
Castiel just sighed and began to practice his new song. His mind didn't even think of where to start with it. He had skimmed through the pages, reading it over and over again. He had tried to play it but it just didn't come out right. Everytime he played the song he went far too slow and still would mess up the keys.
~•~•~
Dean thought for a moment before pulling Castiel into a kiss. Holding him there for a moment before cutting off and looking into Castiel's eyes.
"I'm sorry, Dean. But I don't really know how to help you with that," said Castiel sadly.
"Ok… well what is it?" repeated the boy.
Dean, Castiel, and Charlie walked over back to Jo and Benny, the two of them with their jaws dropped.
"Oh… I didn't mean anything by it Dean. I'm sorry," said Castiel, he could see the pained look in Dean's eyes. Castiel never did see anyone besides Dean or Sam at the old Winchester house. He should've put the pieces together. It was obvious, right?
"Until then what?" asked Castiel, his eyes narrowed as he looked as Gabe suspiciously.
"What question?"
"I have a funny little story, would you like to hear it?" Lucifer hummed.
"Ha! That's rich, Dean will do his school work the day we land on the moon," Jo laughed.
"It's nice to meet you," said Castiel, the smile never left his face.
"If I find out you ever hurt my little brother, I'll have you hanged," growled Michael as he let go of the coat and climbed down the ladder.
What did bother Castiel was the movie that Sam said they were going to see. He had never been the best with anything horror related. Hell, there were passages in the bible and his father's own sermons that made Castiel uneasy and scared. His frightful nature was something that Gabriel found funny and would often jump from behind corners to scare him. But the worst would have to be Lucifer, who made it his mission to have Castiel living in a state of perpetual fear. The thought of seeing a horror movie would only make Castiel even more terrified in that old house.
"Oh shut up," Castiel laughed, slapping his friend across the chest.
"Thanks, you're too kind," muttered Dean.
"Dean," said Sam.
"Here you go, you'll be learning Balakirev's Islamey," she said, a rather confident tone in her voice.
It was now lunch and the four of them all sat by the water fountains, enjoying their lunches. The summer heat was still there but with the shade of the school over them, the kids all felt perfectly fine.
"Sheesh, haven't your parents taught you any manners?" laughed Gabriel.
"-and I pray that they all behave their best and put you first Lord. Amen," said Mr. Novak. He smiled and kissed all of his children goodbye.
"I just don't see why we have to go, Father," Castiel answered, his arms crossed as he stared out of the window. Nothing but empty fields and farm land as far as the eye can see.
"You should be, I've been working my ass off on this party."
"You should get going to bed, Cas," said Gabriel.
"He does not! Sammy has the kindest eyes I've ever seen," Jo protested, stomping her feet.
"Don't we get a say in this?" asked Sam and Castiel in unison.
"You're right… but you know how you had that bet earlier with your friend about kissing that girl?"
"He beat Michael within an inch of his life, of course. Sadly, the other boy's father did much, much worse. To this day, I've never really seen Michael have many friends like that. Hell, he barely even talks to people. Most of the time he's off doing his studies while all the girls swoon over him. It makes me a little sad knowing that he'll never even give them a second thought. And between you and me, Castiel. I don't think Father beat it all out of him."
"Maybe it was something one of her exes did so she could be harassed by whoever finds it."
Jo jumped back and screamed, almost falling out of the open door of the train car had Charlie not grabbed her.
"It's alright, Bobby. Sammy's ready," said Dean, pointing to the shoe closet.
"You aren't nervous are you, Cas?" asked Dean, catching onto the obvious dread that was plastered all over Castiel's face.
"I am too," said Michael and Lucifer in unison as they also ran at the first chance of escape.
"What about me?' Dean hummed, squinting his eyes and never taking them off of the mass of people.
"I'm sorry that happened, Dean. If there's anything I can do, I'll do it," said Castiel, holding Dean to his chest and petting his hair
"You should be, I wanted this to be more funny but now I'm actually concerned about this person," said Dean, his thumb running across the number.
It didn't even take a minute for Dean to get a response. So she's fast at replying, this could be good.
"Do you have any way we can get in touch with her?"
"Okay, I'll trust you," muttered Sam, holding his hands out for Dean to help him off of the wooden box. His brother chuckled and grabbed him, placing him on the ground.
"Then how many have you kissed?"
"That's what I'm wondering."
It was then that Castiel saw a duck in the pond and his mind soared with possibilities. Instead of a duck, he saw a dragon and like any knight, he would have to fight it. He made his way slowly to the foul beast, hiding in bushes and and grass until he was certain he could attack with ease. He jumped out from behind his hiding spot and pointed the dull blade at his enemy. The duck looked at him with curiosity.
"I thought you liked him more because of that thing he does with his tongue," Jo whispered in Dean's ear.
"Alright well, thanks for the book," Dean said, holding the book up and walking out of the store.
"So what about my present?" Sam teased, taking a seat on the couch.
"No, she came running into the house frantically going on and on without really saying anything of substance. Naomi is talking to her right now," said Michael, picking up Benny effortlessly from the boys.
"Fornication? You know… sex," Castiel said, almost whispering the last word.
"Father is in his study getting ready for his sermon this week, he wouldn't even hear if a gun went off in here," said Lucifer.
“Besides, Lisa Braeden seemed to like my chubby ass a lot," chuckled Benny.
A knock on Castiel's door brought him out of his train of thought.
"Seriously, Cas? If I wanted to be lectured to I would've just asked my mother for advice. Is Dean there?"
Dean ran along the side of the road to Castiel's house, taking in the nice morning breeze. The sun was just rising over the horizon and with a skip to his step, Dean looked as if he was going to win the lottery.
The older boy got up and walked over to Dean, handing him the raincoat. When Dean tried to take it, Michael's grip refused to let go.
They all laughed and talked about what it was like in the hospital. As it turned out, his arm had five fractures and he had to get put under for the surgery. Benny told them what it was all like having a surgery and bragged about he felt as good as new.
He was about to head up the stairs before he thought for a moment about the bloodbath that could be happening up there. It would probably be best if he just waited it out and picked out a room from what was left rather than get in the way of his siblings. He was the youngest after all… well besides Anna.
Lawrence couldn't be much further, right? After all, their Father had said it was only two hours away five hours ago.
"Lucky you, if they're handing out free books I might just head on over there myself."
"Hi Jo! Hi Benny!" Charlie waved enthusiastically, with the other's waving back nervously.
"Then how did he break his arm?"
"What does that mean?" Dean looked confused. What the hell did any of that mean?
"You mean like fucking? Castiel, do you even know how that's done?" Dean asked, shaking his head in disbelief.
"I really do like him, Gabriel. He's nice to me. And it doesn't help that he's the coolest person I've ever met," Castiel said fondly.
"That could work," Dean nodded.
"I don't know, I already have my friends in the same class so I think I will," said Castiel.
Hours had passed and Castiel was still stuck on the piano bench, his fingers growing numb from all of the practice. It didn't help that the summer heat made the room even hotter. He had only managed to get the first part of the song down. That was good, right? It only took him most of the day.
"Oh yeah, I'm fine. I'm just bored out of my mind here," laughed Dean.
"I think Gabriel might have one," Castiel suggested, if his friend wanted to learn the least he could do was point him the right direction.
Castiel just nodded and looked at the little five year old who was holding tightly to Dean's free hand. His dark brown hair was a shaggy mess and his clothes looked a bit worn out. They had to have been hand-me-downs from Dean.
Castiel could tell by the sound of his voice that Dean had his mind made up and didn't really want to talk about it. It didn't help matters that Jo's and Benny's eyes seemed to pop out of their heads upon hearing it before returning back to normal.
Wow, she seems to be really… blunt.
"And what's that?" Jo asked, skeptically.
"Nah, I'm too old to be seen chatting with kids."
"Can I see your phone? We're going to be spending the night at Jo's place," said Dean.
"It's probably nothing, you know I like to overthink everything," said Sam, trying to cheer up his brother.
What was the best thing to say? Should he ask about who she is? That probably wasn't the best idea, she might be weirded out and not respond.
"And you two?" asked Andy, clearly tired of their presence after not even two minutes of being in the store.
"Us. What if Madame Missouri is right about us?" Castiel said, the moon's light showing how red his face was.
"Why don't we just go to the pond next to your house?" asked Dean, wiping the sweat off of his brow.
July 7th, 1946
Bobby had come by to pick up the boys but before they left Dean scrounged around his father's room for cash. Instead he found something that peaked his interest even more.
"Oh," was all Castiel could say.
Castiel nodded his head but said nothing.
"I'm not playing, Dad. Get up!" Dean growled, kicking his father's side as if he were trying to kick a ball.
"A lawyer."
"I don't know, there's the bar. It's been in my family's name for generations, I could try running that and going from there," Jo thought, furrowing her brow as her mind began to wander on how to work through that.
"Don't be that way, Sammy," said Dean. He moved out of the way and gently nudged Sam to stand in front of Castiel. "Introduce yourself."
"No, he hasn't come by in a few days. I figured it was from all the school work."
The boys laughed as they made it to their home, putting their school supplies away and getting straight to the chores.
"I'm sorry, that wasn't very good," said Castiel, looking down at his fingers that were now in his lap, gripping each other.
"There. She's probably not even going to respond," said Dean, putting his phone away.
"You're still here? Jesus, Castiel. I thought you would've been done with this hours ago," sighed Lucifer, trudging his way into the dinning room and sitting next to his baby brother.
"I… met someone last night. At the party," she confessed, blushing while her hand went to cover a hickey.
It took them another five minutes before the bus drove into the school parking lot. Once they were all out, Dean and Jo led Castiel to his new class.
"Dean, that's so gross," whined Castiel, rubbing his hands dry on Dean's pants.
"Well now I have to meet him," demanded Jo.
"Bullshit," she said, trying to get the phone from him. Dean put the phone back on his ear and waited for Castiel to answer, pushing Jo away from the receiver.
"Oh," said Castiel.
But what to do?
Sam nodded and stood there patiently as the door was closed.
Dean ate his food happily but out of the corner of his eye he could see Cas and Gabe whispering. Gabe shook his head which caused Castiel to jab his stomach with his elbow. The older brother thought for a minute and looked at his mother.
They all got to Castiel's house and climbed up to the window to his room with the moon high up in the sky. When Cas stepped into his room, he placed the kitten on his bed and returned to the window to say goodbye to his friend.
"I dunno, but I'll try and look for it," said Dean.
"Yes, we're actually about to leave for church. You can come if you'd like," Castiel said, smiling at Dean's handiwork.
And almost like the gun going off at a horse race, Dean's words were all they needed. It was like a mad house with everyone taking what they could first. It sent Dean into a shock. He didn't know what to do.
Jo nodded her head, smiling.
"Oh… was that my fault you lost?" Castiel questioned, looking confused.
"That's because he finally has someone who might let him cheat off the homework," said Jo, popping up from her seat behind the boys.
"No, none that I can think of."
"But you have to do something for me as soon as it's over."
"Okay, okay, I promise."
The two made their way out of the store but as Dean was leaving, Jo stood at the door and eyed Castiel.
"She might be really ugly. Or smell like she never leaves her parent's basement. Or even worse, she might be both!"
"Fine but make it quick, I have to go badly."
"Yeah, I'll be fine. Name's Charlie," she said in a bright voice as if she didn't just get hit in the head. The cheery tone caught Castiel off guard, not to mention her wide smile as she shook Castiel's hand.
"You could say that, yes." He said, hugging her back.
"Yeah, me too," said Dean, smiling.
Michael pulled out his old yellow raincoat. But you couldn't tell by looking at it, the damned thing looked almost new. How the hell did he manage that? Dean would never know.
"Do you promise?" Jo asked cautiously.
"It took them three days. She didn't even look like herself.
"It's right over this hill, Cas," came his answer.
"We have a guest again today," he said joyfully, "and it is the guest's honor to say grace. Dean?"
"I know you will," said Benny.
"Dean, you don't have to be an assbutt," said Castiel to which everyone just stopped and looked at him.
"He likes his friend, it would be weird not to like your own friend," shrugged Sam.
"Maybe you'll have to point her out to me," said Dean, leaning against Benny with his arm on the other boy's shoulder.
Benny stood underneath the door frame, watching everyone with the faintest of a smile.
As the more time went on, Dean was growing more impatient with himself. This was getting ridiculous, why was he trying so hard to find something to say?
"Of course not, I can handle anything you can," lied Castiel but judging by the look Dean had given him, he had not bought a single word of it.
"No," said Andy to which Sam pouted and crossed his arms.
Dean took out one of the candied cigarettes and put it between his teeth while Sam dug into his chocolate. He watched as Castiel smiled to himself and licked his sucker. It felt weird but Dean couldn't help but watch as Castiel enjoyed his treat.
"She?" Gabriel said, his eyes widened, "is she cute?"
"Thanks," was all Benny could say.
"He left with Lisa," said Dean, slowly picking himself up from the ground… again.
"And what story would you like to hear, Krolik?" asked his grandfather.
Castiel opened his eyes to see an old train yard. It must've been there since Dean's parents were kids, some of the trains looked as if they weren't even in use anymore. The more Castiel looked at it, the more he got curious as to why Dean was so excited to show this to him.
"Come on, Castiel. You have to do this," he said to himself. Castiel stood up straight and made his way to the porch where he knocked on the screen door.
"Forget you, I'm gonna go see what Sammy is doing," muttered Jo, her middle finger pointed at Dean as she left in defeat.
"Hello Deda," said Castiel, taking the seat opposite the elderly man.
"I'll be here first thing in the morning to hear all about your granddad's story," said Dean, chuckling.
Looking to his side and seeing the large wheat field, Dean darted into their unwelcoming embrace. He could hear his father's screams and shouts not far behind which only motivated Dean to move faster. Dean ran and ran until his little heart felt like it was about to burst, his lungs beating his chest.
"Don't mention it, I hope you'll love it as much as he did," said Gabriel, waving bye to Dean.
"Making sure you guys don't act like assholes. Just leave them be," said Dean, acting as uninterested as possible.
(See the end of the chapter for
"I think it was," snickered Jo, "you lost to a girl."
~•~•~
"Uh… Mother?" asked Gabriel.
Dean could only stare blankly at his brother who was busy trying to build a small town out of his faded blue and red blocks. Sam interrupted the silence with a hum. It was the old lullaby that his mother would sing to him. How Sammy could remember the thing was beyond him, he was so young when it all happened. His mind went to those old days, when Sam was a baby, their mom was alive, and their dad wasn't… well, nothing was the same as those days.
It seemed like twenty minutes had passed as Castiel just sat there twiddling with his fingers when Naomi came back into the room with a small packet of papers in hand.
That caught Azazel by surprise and he just shook his head, turning away to leave. Castiel wondered how bad their fight must've been for Azazel to have that reaction.
Now Dean was on his way to see if Castiel would be willing to play for the day and maybe, just maybe try one of the cigarettes with him.
"Nope, the only thing I know is that she was at work around noon."
"What is it?" Castiel asked, his face scrunching up at the scent.
And with that being said, so far Castiel's first day was going by swimmingly. He was having the time of his life. He found out the school library had many, many books that nobody bothered to check out. He also learned so many new things while giggling with his friends. It was an all too new experience for him that he never knew he needed.
"And then right when I thought I was a goner, he came over and shared his snack with me," said Gabriel, telling his brothers of his new friend.
Castiel got off of his bed and walked over to his box of books. After some searching he found his faded copy of The House at Pooh Corner. He hadn't read it in years, not since he was about four and what eight year old would actually bother with reading a children's book. He was grown now and read things by Kafka and Hemingway because that's what adults read. Right?
"Thank you, you both make me feel so special," Castiel groaned sarcastically.
"I'm fine, Castiel. Thank you though," said Michael, chuckling and hugging Castiel back.
"You could say that," said Dean as he punched Gabriel in the stomach and laughed.
"What if it isn't a chick? What if it's some forty year old fat guy waiting for someone to text him and only to then kill you," Sam said, handing Dean the paper back.
From there, the whole group went around from ride to show, to vendor. They rode the bumper cars, managed to sneak into the freak show (but left early because it Jo thought the whole thing to be tasteless), and found enough change to buy themselves some popcorn. All in all, while they had only been there for a few hours they felt like they were on the top of the world.
"It was…" was all Castiel could say.
The boys continued to sit at the corner and enjoy their treats when an old truck pulled up. It was Bobby, a friend of the family, who asked them all if they'd like a ride back to their house. The boys could all see the sun beginning to set and without much of an argument or discussion, they all said yes.
~•~•~
"Why? You're just going to end up shacked up with some guy and taking care of the kids," Benny said flatly.
"Shut up! You're such a bully, Dean," Jo yelled, slapping his sore arm.
"It does?" asked Castiel, his voice sounding hurt.
Now for the other children, they didn't care all too much for the topic at hand so instead went back to their previous conversation on Halloween costumes.
"I guess it's not really all that important, you have some time to decide on a name," said Jo with a shrug.
"No way! The Winchester boy is coming along?!" Gabriel exclaimed, his voice loud enough for everyone in the household to hear.
"Thanks," said Castiel sarcastically. He couldn't wait to get out of this damned automobile and find semblance of sanity away from his brothers.
Dean smiled and took his hands off of Castiel's eyes, walking in front of his friend and standing in front of Cas's view.
"Did Lucifer scare you with another one of his ghost stories?" She asked, hugging her little brother.
"I'm just enjoying the night sky, it's very beautiful," Castiel hummed.
"I'm sorry?" said Castiel, looking up at Dean with a surprised expression.
"Yeah, that would be an awkward conversation," Castiel laughed too.
Sam nodded his head.
"Hey Castiel!" Charlie cheered.
"About what?"
"I get that but that's why you should probably do it with someone you trust," said Dean, "that's what Bobby told me when I asked him."
"You have no idea, it's been a blast. I tried talking Benny into coming inside but he said he wasn't comfortable with Jo around. What happened there?" Charlie asked.
"Cross my heart and hope to die," said Dean, using a finger to draw an x over his heart and holding his hand up in a faux oath.
Castiel couldn't help but laugh at his brother's poorly timed joke. It wasn't his fault Gabriel happened to let out some little jab at his uncle for leaving his wife for some twenty year old bartender. The man had it coming for commenting on Michael's inability to find a girlfriend. He was only sixteen after all and when he wasn't spending his time corralling his siblings, he was hard at work studying. Castiel always did find that an admirable trait of his brother, though he would never say it. Michael already had a big enough ego as is.
"That sounds like fun," said Dean, "I'll play."
"It was what!?" Dean shouted in disbelief.
"I can read it to you if you'd like," Castiel offered.
But Cas? Castiel had clearly never been very fond of horror and Dean regretted taking him to see the movie.
“This place looks wonderful! I think it came out looking perfect,” hummed Jo.
As sad as it was to admit, their summer vacation was coming to an end and it was looking like they had all run out of ideas on how to spend the last little bit of it as well.
"But why? I don't see why we all have to move to Lawrence, I miss California already, Father."
"Dean needs a new coat, his old one is a bit well… it's a bit shit," said Gabe.
"I bet!" exclaimed Dean, "I would love it too! The thought of living by a beach makes me real happy, I bet everybody living in Cali lives next to one."
"The last thing I need is for you to hurt yourself. So let's just hurry up and get over to the shed, everyone is waiting on us," hummed Dean, walking on.
June 23th, 1946
"It suits you," muttered Castiel sarcastically.
"I can handle this, Dean. I'm fully capable of doing this on my own," mumbled Castiel, his arms desperately trying to hold the wood.
"Who?" Dean asked, his face contorted at the sound of the name.
"Well I'm not, I can't say this is for me."
Castiel screamed and fell backwards, trying to catch his breath as it dawned on him who it was. He got back up and opened the window.
"And a jerk," chimed in Sam.
"I will."
"You promise?" Castiel whispered, hugging his friend
"Don't say it, if you say it then that's basically admitting defeat and I refuse to lose to Jo," growled Dean.
Before it hit Castiel right in the face, Dean's hand caught Azazel's wrist and pushed him back. Castiel looked shocked but was happy to see Dean back him up.
There was that phrase again. Dean would always use it to just end a conversation and leave things at that. It might've taken Castiel a while but he finally learned it meant to just stop talking. He was beginning to hate hearing that. But he knew Dean needed his space so he decided to just drop the whole thing. It wasn't worth the argument.
"Maybe we could try to sneak him out?" Jo proposed, looking at the boys for ideas.
"That won't happen this time, you have my promise," Dean said.
Nudging him with his foot, Dean tried to wake up his father to no avail.
"Nothin' broken, just bruised," said Bobby, pulling Dean's shirt back down.
"Is Dean usually not excited for school?" asked Castiel.
"Oh yeah? That's cool, I didn't know he knew some old russian guy?" asked Dean, impressed that Castiel's family even knew anyone of importance. It wasn't like his family ever did.
"Has it ever occurred to you to treat her like a person?"
"You don't?" Jo gasped.
"Yeah! Hit me right in the old tummy and show me how much Dean has 'taught' my baby brother."
"No, it's not even a mile from here so I'll be okay," said Dean.
“I know Dean,” she said, looking up at him with a soft smile. “All that matters is that you were there in the end. I know that made him feel a lot better before he, y’know…”
"I hate it when you're right," said Castiel, standing up and stretching.
"His name is Dean," answered Castiel.
Slowly, Dean sat up and rubbed his stomach. He didn't feel anything broken, it just hurt like hell. That bruise would definitely last for a bit.
"And why are you telling me this?" Castiel asked, his voice quivering.
"Castiel? What are you doing?" asked Michael, confused at the sudden affection.
"That's cool but what do you think about movies?" asked Dean, clearly not interested about what Castiel's father thought about the subject.
"Definitely, I pretty much have them begging for me to-"
~•~•~
"I'm serious, Benny. I'll make it up to you," said Jo.
The pouring rain hit against the old Winchester house and with it came the loud sounds of thunder. Dean sat on his bed and Sammy was on the ground with his blocks. They both sat in silence, listening to the rain drops pounding their roof. It wouldn't be much longer until that silence would be interrupted and replaced with something much worse than the rain outside.
~•~•~
"Dean, you can let me go," giggled Castiel. He knew almost instantly that it was Dean, the embrace was too familiar not to recognize.
Slowly getting up, Castiel made his way to his door. He turned his head to make sure that Dean was still sleeping before closing the door quietly and making his way to the bathroom.
"Sorry Deda, some of the pieces were missing and I had to find them," said Castiel, smiling past the tears he wanted to shed.
"I saw every second of it, Castiel. How long have you two been doing things like that?" asked Gabriel, walking up to his brother.
"I waited for what seemed like hours but nothing, so I dressed up Sammy and walked to the factory to see if she was running late. When I got there, the whole building was nothing but a pile of ashes. There were no survivors, Cas."
"You're right, I wanted to take Castiel here to a special little place," Dean said, slapping Castiel's back and rubbing it a little too long for most people to see as normal.
"Cigarettes? Where did you find the money to buy some?" Castiel asked, now looking more confused than embarrassed.
"Okay, what do you want to talk about then?"
"Dean, I think I'm in love," said Jo, feigning a swoon and falling against Dean's arm.
“You know he never stopped loving you,” came a soft voice from behind him. “Honestly, he never shut up about you… especially towards the end.”
"So nobody else has owned this book before? Nobody on the more attractive side?" Jo chimed in, leaning against Dean.
He pitied him but also felt like he understood him a bit more. Castiel couldn't even imagine what it was like for Michael. The thought of having the same happen to him and Dean made Castiel want to die and to see Michael live his life still working to his fullest inspired him.
This sparked a conversation where Charlie explained the basic plot of the novel and Castiel hung onto every word. His eyes filled with amazement as Charlie gave him hints of what was in store for him.
"Did you really?" Sam asked, his excitement barely being contained.
"Are any of you ready to get to work?" he asked.
"I beg your pardon?"
"What is it, Sammy?" Dean said, smiling bigger by the second. Sam's thinking face always meant good things for them.
This quickly brought up a conversation on ways the three of them could sneak Castiel out of his house on Halloween night of all nights.
"You know… for what it's worth, I think Catsiel is a swell name," Dean teased, winking at Cas.
"I got nothing," Sam said, shrugging before going back to his toys.
"Yes?"
"I'll go make sure he's alright," Castiel laughed awkwardly and ran to Dean's aid.
About a minute later, a guy walked out with his hair pulled back into a wolf tail. He was rubbing his back and sucking on a lollipop as he made his way behind the counter.
It felt like forever but when the boys finally managed to make it to the road, they wanted to drop then and there. They tried to move as fast as they could towards Castiel's house.
This is exactly what the both of them needed. The two of them swam around in the cool water for what seemed like hours, their laughter could've been heard for miles given how happy they were.
"You have all disappointed me. I'm going to take a swim in the pond to cool off and when I get back, you all have to have an idea on how to end our summer vacation," Dean huffed and turned away from his friends. He walked over to the water, threw off his shirt and jumped in.
"And? Is it real gold? Nope, so what do I care about any of that stuff for? I already know I'm going to be working in my dad's car shop so what's the point of school anyways," said Benny.
"Sorry," said Sam as he looked up at Castiel. It was obvious the kid didn't mean it but as long as he said Castiel was fine. He grew up with empty apologies from all of his siblings so hearing one from a stranger didn't bother him one bit.
"Listen to me, Cas. I care very much about what you think. You're my best friend and I will always think of you and what you think I should do," said Dean, not taking his eyes off of Castiel's.
"Play for me," said Dean, "I'd love to hear it."
"You asked Bobby?"
"I'm sorry, Naomi. I'll get it right this time," said Castiel. He could tell she was about to go on another one of her legendary lectures that could make this lesson last for another four more hours.
"Oh no, not you Cas. You're perfect as is, you act older than you actually are," said Dean, trying to cheer up the younger boy.
The bright light of the sun managed to find its way through the edges of the curtains and landed right on Dean's eyes. Slowly, he got up and tried to rub away some of the sleep but knew from the very second he sat up he was in trouble.
"So you won't tell Father?" asked Castiel as he looked up at his oldest brother.
"He fell off a ladder, Jo didn't explain anything?" said Dean.
"No, I have somewhere else I'm going to stay for the night," said Dean.
"Nope, I don't have the money to."
September 1st, 1946
The two of them made it to their fort not much longer after that. The old shed stood there with a rather grumpy looking Benny sitting right outside of it. Ever since the incident with his arm, Benny refused to take a single step inside the thing. Especially if Jo was anywhere near him.
"Hey, Cas?"
"Gabriel, I can assure you that I am far scarier than any monster."
"Ew no! I knew you weren't listening," Jo shouted and crossed her arms, pouting. "I was talking about how Mom just bought a telephone for the place, she said it'll help with business."
"Aha! So you wouldn't even know if he does or doesn't!"
"I don't know, Cas is a bit weird so it would make sense that their friendship would be weird too," said Sam, thinking about the whole situation.
"At least some input would be nice, you don't even realize when I'm speaking to you," smirked Jo.
"Hey! Cas, wait up!" shouted Dean as he twisted his way through the crowd. "Cas, you can't just leave it at that! You gotta tell me the story!"
"Gabriel. What time is it?" asked Castiel, trudging back into his room.
"I think you should go first, what's with the messy look?" Dean asked, taking a sip of his drink.
"I liked it a lot," said Castiel.
Now Dean would just have to spend his days sitting in the same old booth with Jo talking his ear off. She had always been a chatterbox and Dean just learned to tune it out over the years. As it was, he didn't even know what she was going on about now. His head was too busy thinking about what Castiel was up to. If only there were some way to talk to him.
"Tell Ellen I said hi," said Dean and Bobby nodded, driving off and leaving the Winchester boy there in the rain.
It wasn't until he ran by the window again back to his room that he saw the moon was still high in the sky.
"Hey Benny, you still carry matches on you?" asked Dean, picking himself up and patting the dust off of his pants.
"No, I don't think I will," shrugged Michael, "I'd hate for Father to beat all of us… Besides, we probably would've done this sooner had we've known about this place."
John did not move.
"This is how we're gonna get to California, Cas. We'll jump onto a train and never look back," said Dean, looking at the train cars and seeing one make its way out of the yard and to God knows where.
"Of course. You seem pretty excited as well," said Castiel.
"Well I was pretending to be a knight but that uh… that didn't happen, I guess," mumbled Cas, kicking the dirt mindlessly.
"Cas is not my girlfriend! He's a boy!" Dean yelled.
"It was about eight years ago, the more I think about it. Michael was about your age and he had the most wonderful friend. They were always together, pretty much stuck to each other like glue. What was his name? Abe? Aiden? Who cares, it was a long time ago and I'm getting off track.
When Gabriel took the book, his eyes widened and a mischievous smile spread across his face. He laughed to himself as he handed the book back to Dean.
Roughly twenty minutes had passed before Dean returned, using his shirt to dry off his hair.
"A Carver Edlund book? I haven't read one of these since I was a kid," said Sam, looking over the book and flipping through the worn down pages.
"Keep on talking like that and I'll return it," Dean threatened.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Why would you want to take him there?" Jo challenged, not very enthusiastic about the idea.
The children didn't even wait for the door to open all the way when they started to push past the elder Novak brother.
He made his way to the kitchen and started to make breakfast. He knew Sam would be getting up any second now and if Dean was that smashed he could only imagine how his brother might've been.
"Oh…" said Castiel as he looked down at his feet.
"Since Dean Winchester thought it would be a good idea to text random girls' numbers. Now tell me what happened," Jo whined.
“He does have a point, Dean. You give Gabriel a competition when it comes to eating as much as humanly possible,” sighed Castiel, trying his hardest to keep the same pace as Dean.
He picked them up and examined them, smirking. His father never left any cigarettes laying about the house like that. Dean knew damn well that his father would've smoked them before they even had a chance to hit the floor.
"She responded," answered Dean.
"You don't have to say anything, Cas. I know that when the time comes and we can leave this godforsaken place is when we can see the world together. That's when we can really start living," said Dean softly.
"Fuck! Fuck! Fuck! Fuck! Fuck! Fuck! Fuck! Fuck! Fuck! Fuck! Fuck!" seemed to be the only thing Dean could think of as he ran through the house, his old man not far behind with belt in hand. His dad had already gotten a good hit on him before Dean started to run away.
The boys continued to watch her from a distance, both of them trying to build up their courage to speak to her. It seemed like minutes went by before either of them even moved.
"No way. California?" Jo asked, excited.
"What kind of business?" asked Dean, plopping himself next to Castiel.
"Thanks, that's pretty awesome," said Dean, surprised but not minding the sudden act of kindness… no matter how weird it was.
"Well that depends, Gallagher. What do you have for us today?" asked Dean, a sly smile on his face as he let go of Sam's hand to look at the counter.
Out of the corner of his eye, Castiel could see his grandfather sitting and staring out at the field. The pale moonlight made him look almost like a ghost.
"That's not what we're for. I got a book yesterday and I just wanted to ask a few questions about it," Dean interrupted, pushing Jo away. He held up the book and offered it to the guy.
"Well the answer is no, I haven't," admitted Castiel.
"If you hate it that badly then I guess I don't really have a choice but to help you out," Dean sighed, giving Castiel a comforting smile.
"I will drop you," said Dean.
"If you ever want to talk abo-"
"Are you going to text her?"
"Yes, operator? Can you get me the Novak residence? Thank you," said Dean. He put his hand over the phone and smirked at Jo. "I know people."
"No but I'll bet you'll lay down for it," said Castiel almost on instinct.
"I wouldn't mind being your first either, Dean," said Castiel, helping Dean up.
"Alright… but if you ever want to know I'll gladly explain it to you. I've seen lots of stuff so I pretty much know how it's done," said Dean, almost as if to brag.
"What if I can't think of any girl I trust enough to do it with?" Castiel asked.
"Cas, it really isn't something I like to talk about. Just drop it, alright?"
Castiel left the kitchen and made his way up the stairs, when he walked by Michael's room. He saw the door open with Michael studying away at his textbooks. His older brother was always really smart and a hard worker, something Castiel had always admired. Not to mention he stuck his neck out for Castiel numerous times. He was the best big brother anyone could ask for. But after hearing what Lucifer had said, he saw him in a new light.
"What are you going to do with it?" Castiel asked, watching the girls pet the little fuzzball.
"Yes, I suppose being friends with that Winchester kid is doing some good for you," said Lucifer, impressed with Castiel for once in his life.
~•~•~
"I promise."
And so began another round of their bickering, Jo fighting in Sam's honor while Benny did his best to get under her skin. Sam watched on until he got bored and went back to playing.
He waited for a few seconds and took a peek to see if the monster was gone. And as he opened up the curtain he was met with a green eye staring right back at him.
His room was a mess so he made a mental note to try and clean it later. How hard was it find some fucking wrapping paper?
"Jerk."
With that, Castiel walked out the front door and explored the field. They had several acres of land so he might as well explore some of it. After what had been about thirty minutes Castiel had discovered an old tree that could easily hold a tire swing, an old path the led to what looked like a shed, and a rather small pond.
"Oh sorry," whispered Dean who was now the one blushing.
"What about you, Cas? What do you want to do?" Dean asked, nudging Castiel to get his attention.
"Oh that's splendid," cheered Mrs. Novak, "thank you, Michael."
"Yes?" asked Castiel.
"It's a surprise," said Dean, holding a finger to his lips.
"Bed's don't talk," mumbled Castiel, flicking his brother's nose.
"I promise," said Dean, nodding his head.
"Gabriel, I was trying to sleep," said Castiel.
"What are you humming for?" Castiel asked, picking up the pace to walk besides his friend.
"Well we can't leave it here," said Jo, looking at the boys.
"That's great, Cassie. At least one of us is making an effort here," said Gabriel, rubbing his hand in Castiel's mess of hair. "Once school starts I'm sure I'll be the most popular guy in school, but until then…"
"It wasn't a bad idea though," said Michael, sitting down next to Castiel as they both watched their brothers wrestle around in the water. After getting used to the thing, Dean also took part in the horse play.
When John forced his way into the room, he stumbled after his son who was now halfway through the window. The old drunk grabbed onto Dean's ankle and pulled him into the room.
The two boys made their way to the front of the house where Dean opened the shoe closet and had Sammy get in.
"Oh um… grace," said Dean and nodded his head.
"Really?"
"I'm glad we're on the same page," said Dean, opening the door and heading back to the others with Castiel.
"You can probably tell it isn't very easy for Castiel to make friends. It's not a talent he possesses. Hell, I would say it's a talent he manages to repel so many kids his own age," said Michael, glaring down at Dean. "But he likes you and you stick around. Don't misinterpret that as I like you. I think you're a bad influence on him but I'm letting you stick around because I know he needs friends."
Soon didn't seem to come soon enough. They had all been walking for over an hour at this point and Dean still didn't let up on what the surprise was. Everytime Castiel asked if they were close or there, Dean would tell him no and tell him it would only be a little bit further.
"Don't get a big head now," Benny warned, looking up from his napping place in the dirt. "If it gets any bigger you might topple over."
"You're welcome, come by anytime you'd like. Business has been rather slow," said Castiel, smiling and going back to his book.
"I dunno, stuff?"
"Thank you Michael," said Castiel.
"Hmm? I want to be a writer some day, I think it sounds nice to make something that people will enjoy," Castiel mumbled. His face was getting red at the idea of people even seeing his work, much less reading it.
It was nice though that Dean didn't have to join in their uncivilized behavior because Castiel had tapped his shoulder and handed him a plate with the best he had managed to find. He took the plate and winked at Cas almost instinctively which caused Castiel to blush.
"I'll be fine, Cas. I just got into another argument with my old man. It's nothing new," mumbled Dean, his face resting in the crook of Castiel's neck.
"What is it now Cas?" Dean asked, looking tired.
“Jesus Benny, how much do you weigh?” Dean grumbled as the three of them trudged through the field, Sam not far behind.
"Yeah, I'll be alright," said Dean, shrugging.
"You know when I think about it, your head could serve as a pretty nice ball for our game. Don't you think, Crowley?"
"Ah ok," said Dean, smiling.
"Yeah but it's too far for all of us to come and hang out everyday," sighed Benny.
"Wait… does that mean you've… have you, you know…" Castiel asked, taking the cigarette out of his mouth.
"Shut up, Dean," Castiel giggled, blushing again and pushing Dean away.
Dean made his way down Castiel's house and waved goodbye as he left. Castiel watched him go before getting his chess board and running down the stairs to his grandfather. He placed the board down and set the pieces.
"And why's that?" asked Dean.
Castiel nodded and went to bed.
“That’s nice and all Jo but could you do us all a favor and run ahead to call an ambulance. You’ll have to head to Castiel’s place because I don’t have a phone at mine,” said Dean through gritted teeth.
"Hmm?"
"Thank you, Dean," said Castiel, his smile soft and a bit of blush coming to his cheeks.
Dean ran the corner and bolted through the kitchen as his father slipped and crashed into the dining room table. But the boy didn't dare look back, he knew it wouldn't take much longer for his Dad to get up and catch up to him. So he ran to his room as fast as he could.
"Yeah, that is a possibility. Do you have any idea on who she is?"
"No," was all Benny said and judging by the sound of his voice, he wasn't going to budge on the topic.
Dean could feel the minutes drag on as he waited for Jo to finally show up to their booth. Her blonde hair was pulled back in a ponytail and she looked as if she was just hit by a tornado. The only thing that didn't look as if it were thrown on sloppily was her shirt that read "Little Devil."
That was all his friends needed to hear. Before you knew it, Benny, Jo, and Charlie were running down the hill to explore the old train cars.
"But what about me?"
As per usual in the Novak household, it was beyond chaotic. All of the Novak children were running about, trying to tidy themselves up for their first day at their new school. Breakfast had already been eaten with a mountain of dishes set next to the sink for Mrs. Novak to eventually tackle. Not a single soul in the house was calm.
"Yes, but he doesn't need to know that," whispered Castiel.
"I was bored and lonely," pouted Gabriel.
Dean nodded his head and ran up the stairs to watch after Sam (and Jo). When he got up there, Sammy was drawing on some paper while Jo was playing with her dolls. "I can't believe you went and told me," Dean whined, flopping himself on the couch . "You're such a baby."
It wasn't the best way to wake up but he had far worse in the past. After about 10 minutes of scrubbing, he was good as new.
“I don’t want to brag or anything but yeah, I do,” she replied, her eyes filled with that same fire she’d had since she was a toddler as she smirked at the older man next to her. “Though he never did tell me much about you. He liked to keep you his little secret.”
"Dean, I'm scared," said Castiel, holding onto Dean's hand with both of his.
"I… I'm sorry, Castiel. That was too mean, I'm just being a dick," said Dean.
"I'm fine, Cas," said Dean and left the conversation at that.
"Cool, now… I think I have the perfect place in mind for a fort for us," said Dean, a mischievous smile on his face.
August 19th, 1946
With a little bit of elbow grease, Dean was confident that he could get the place looking as good as new.
"Dean? I didn't know you had a telephone," said Castiel, surprised.
The boys began to move some of the old boxes around, looking for the cause of the smell. Charlie tried her best to help but ended up getting distracted by a box that was filled with hay and books. What such a box was doing in there was beyond her.
"Oh, goodie," sighed Castiel.
"Yes?"
When he saw Dean, his face immediately reddened. It was pretty cute to see, Dean had to admit. He looked to be about the same age as him with raven hair and the bluest eyes Dean had ever seen. He wore this dorky looking trench coat around some old clothes that must've been hand-me-downs.
"I mean it's a bit of a fixer upper but I think with a little bit of elbow grease it'll look nice," said Michael.
Sam took her hand, nodded and said, "I don't think she's all that special."
"You cried about it when we went to bed that night," said Sam.
"A what?"
Castiel just nodded his head and followed along quietly.
"I didn't buy this damned phone just for you to go and waste my money calling your little girlfriend," Ellen growled.
They all turned the corner when Benny gasped and pointed to a girl. Her brown hair was done just like Veronica Lake's and her dress looked to be the most expensive thing any of them had ever seen. When she smiled, it was almost infectious to the point the boys began to smile as well.
"Uh… no, like I said, it's been here for far too many years to count. In all honesty, I'm surprised it was still on sale. I told my brother to take it off the shelves," said Castiel, shrugging and handing the book back to Dean.
"Yeah right, she'll be begging to marry her on the spot," Dean scoffed, snatching the bottle of beer from his baby brother.
"Oh… well I can't really help you with that. I'm no good at music," said Dean, laughing to himself.
"Like… uh, bothering old man Walker?" Jo said, her voice sounding as if she already knew her idea was bad as soon as it left her lips.
"I thought you said God doesn't judge," Dean whispered to Castiel.
"Dean! You're no fair!" shouted Castiel as he ran as fast as he could after his asshole of a friend.
The loud clanking of tools could've been heard miles away but Dean didn't mind that too much. If anything, he was more concerned by the sound of constant fumbling around with the wooden slats that Castiel seemed to have such a hard time with.
"How's it looking, Benny?" Dean waved, walking up to the chubby boy.
"Nah," said Dean and waved his hand. "If I want to learn an instrument, I want to learn something cool."
"Gabe, you don't have to go bringing up someone's past like that. It's unbecoming and face it, Uncle Marv has too long of a list if we're going there," Michael said, holding back a smile. He was clearly proud of his little brother coming to his aid.
"I don't think I can even get a word of what they're saying," mumbled Dean, rubbing his head.
The tapping grew more impatient, probably because the beast was growing more and more hungry with each passing second. Castiel used the bat to tap back against the window and that made the noise stop.
"Yeah, but this one was one of father's shorter sermons," said Gabriel, rubbing the oncoming sleep from his eyes.
"I'm just surprised you're one for the rules is all."
Bolting up from his spot on the ground he ran into his bathroom and threw up in the toilet. The entire night was a blur and given by how much bile he was spewing he guessed he must've drunken far too much for his own good.
But right now Castiel needed something to calm his nerves and this seemed like it would do the trick. So he plopped himself in his bed and began to read.
"I went to that old bookstore on main and the guy just gave it to me for free, he was kind of weird about it."
"You're wrong, I know she'd like me more," pouted Benny, an edge to his voice.
"You'll have to deal with me," Gabriel laughed as he tackled Castiel on his bed and tried to tickle him. This ended in failure, however, since Cas managed to kick him off of his bed before any real damage could be done.
"I was thinking about building a fort or something," Jo proposed. "You and Cas have tons of land for us to find a cool place to build something like that."
And almost as if on some perfect timing, Dean and Castiel both heard the noise from the bushes behind them. Turning to face the rustling, they both saw Gabriel with the rest of the Novak boys in tow. It was almost as God himself sent Castiel a blessing to change their moods. Or maybe it was a curse.
The nice cool breeze was a welcome change from the usual summer heat the children had gotten used to. It made their weekends much more bearable with the only downside being that it became less and less appealing to go to the pond for a swim. Summer hadn't even ended yet but with weather like this, the children were happy it was close to fall.
That's when Jo heard it. The faint sound of something rustling behind her, something that moved around quickly. A scurrying sound almost.
"Ok but what about you Dean?" Jo asked, turning her attention to the other boy.
The blue-eyed boy could do little but quietly mumble to himself and follow along. He hated how helpless he looked but he did have to admit, he did need the help. And it didn't help that seeing Dean not even struggle with the task made Castiel's stomach fill with butterflies.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Russia. My family is Russian, Dean, " sighed Castiel yet still he smiled at his friend.
"What the hell? Who leaves something like this in a book that no one is ever going to read?'
"Nope, I already called dibs," said Benny.
He knew Jo could be a bit of a jerk but whenever she really tried, she could be the sweetest girl anybody has ever met. He just needed to make a deal with her to get her to act nice.
"Benny?" Jo asked, using her best pouty look she could muster.
"She put in a what?" asked Dean, his head turned up to look at her. Now she had his interest.
"Yeah, little buddy. Ellen's got food ready at home," chuckled Bobby. Sam smiled at the idea of a warm meal.
The other boys even had to admit that the idea of Jo ever having children was too funny to imagine so they all laughed their asses off. Even Jo found it more hilarious the more she thought about it.
"I can teach you," said Castiel with a bright smile, excited at the thought of it.
"Sorry?"
"What's the matter, Dean?" Castiel asked, nudging Dean arm with his own.
"She's dead," said Dean flatly, looking away at the sun again.
August 2nd, 1946
"Maybe I should go in and find out what kind of girl I'll fall in love with," Dean said promisingly.
"I-I'm Castiel."
"What kind of guy would be named Angel?"
July 25th, 1946
"The Secret of the Old Clock," hummed Castiel, "it's really good so far."
"Oh yeah? Then what did I just say?" she asked, raising a brow.
"Do you hear something, Raph? I think I hear a rat squeaking," said Gabriel, pretending to ignore his baby brother.
"Your best friend huh? And do you usually make out with your best friend like that?"
Knocking on the old wooden doors to the Novak place, Dean waited patiently. He could hear all the commotion coming from inside and couldn't help but chuckle to himself. The day hadn't really started yet and already, the Novaks were up and running around.
When they both reach the board, Dean pulled down the paper and read over it. It looked like it had been there for months with no one even bothering to give her a call.
Dean grumbled to himself as he wandered the bookshelves of the old Lawrence bookstore. Reading wasn't really his thing, he'd much rather be home relaxing to some Kansas or AC/DC to be honest. But he wasn't here for himself, Sam wrote down that he wanted books for his birthday so Dean was stuck trying to find something his brother would actually like.
Jo took Dean's arm in both hands and shot her body back, putting him in an armbar. Dean could do little but scream uncle. Happy with her win, Jo let go and laughed.
"Are you alright?" asked Castiel.
"I didn't steal shit! You're piss drunk and lost it," Dean shouted, fighting back the tears. He knew he was lying but John usually never noticed. His father would black out and Dean would take that as his chance to take some money for Sammy and him. He guessed his dad wasn't as drunk as he thought he was the last time he did it, how else would he have known?
"That's very interesting Gabriel but that still doesn't answer my question," sighed Raphael.
"Yes, even cooler than you," giggled Castiel.
"Yes Dean?"
"Do you wanna ride? It's pretty bad out here," offered Bobby, concerned for the boy.
"I know how to take care of myself, Cas."
"Too old," hummed Gabriel, closing the door behind him and waiting for them to finish seeing their friend.
"Go back to bed."
"Do you not like it?"
"Jo, you're being rude. You should take the time and get to know her. It would be the polite thing to do," said Castiel, rolling his eyes.
“I miss him,” Dean said.
"I promised Sammy that I was going to take him to see a film today," murmured Dean, still not entirely awake.
"Oh yeah? What's it about then?" Dean laughed, happy to hear his friend's excited tone.
Castiel only half listened, his gaze on the children playing on the pavement. He again saw the redheaded girl from his class only this time she was walking with several books in hand. Not a moment later, her head was hit by a kickball and she tumbled over.
would do and kissed the wound.
"That's too weird, Charlie. We need something more common so people don't go thinking Castiel doesn't know how to pick proper names," said Jo.
"Nope!" came the answer.
~•~•~
"A present? Is what I'm doing not enough for you?" Dean said and crossed his arms, pretending to be offended.
"And then what happened Benny?" asked one of the girls, her hands hovering over her mouth as if she was prepared to gasp at any second.
"Oh that one," said Castiel and pointed at the small window on the second floor. It was slightly cracked and let onto a slanted roof with overgrown vines covering most of it. A nice spot to sit and relax.
Dean walked over to his phone and picked it up. When he went to his messages he saw that the mysterious angel responded.
"That was a good one," said Gabriel, patting Castiel on the back and wiping away a tear.
After they all agreed that it would all be best for Castiel to take care of the kitten with the other children doing whatever they needed to to help, the group decided to call it a day and head back home.
Benny was busy showing off his cast to the group of girls, telling them a story of how he got it in a fight against four grown men who tried to steal from his father's shop. Jo rolled her eyes and made her way straight to the lying little boy.
"That's just Charlie Bradbury," Jo explained, "Nobody ever talks to her because she's well… she's really weird."
"It's on the house," said Gabriel.
"Gabriel."
"It's ok…" said Castiel, "You know my grandfather knew Balakirev?"
"It went on pretty well, I made another friend," said Castiel, looking up from his new book.
"John, you don't wanna go doing that," said Bobby, "the boy was just surprised to see you is all."
Castiel read the paper and for a split second, it looked as if he almost recognized the number scrawled on it. It happened so fast that Dean had completely missed it but Jo caught it almost instantly.
Dean nodded.
"That was a great idea you had, Dean," said Castiel, not taking his eyes off of the reds, oranges, and purples that painted the sky.
Lucifer got up and rubbed his head, a lump was forming from where he hit it on the wall.
"Assbutt, Gabriel told me that that's the perfect insult for people," said Castiel, blushing.
"God doesn't judge you based on the actions of your parents, Dean. Besides, anyone is allowed in church especially the sinners," Castiel giggled.
"I want to see his reaction when he sees it," Dean hummed.
Castiel shrieked and turned around to face the stranger but tripped over himself and landed in the pond. The duck flew away in a fright and Castiel looked slowly up at the stranger.
"And that's what makes you better than those two. You have taste," said Jo, the two of them leaving Dean and Benny to drool over Lisa.
"Excuse me?" Castiel shot up his head to look at Dean who was smiling bigger than he had ever seen before.
"You're just looking for something to complain about, huh? Didn't get enough sleep last night, did we?" smirked Raphael.
"Because I like him, he's fun to be around," said Dean.
"Thanks, Castiel! You've been a big help," said Jo.
With that Dean had bolted up from his seat and ran to the phone, picking it up and waiting for the operator.
"Let's go to California," said Dean, biting his lip. The more he thought about it, the more it just made sense to him. He could finally leave this godforsaken town and who better to leave it with than his best friend.
"I'm good and you Cas?" said Dean.
"You're just being a baby," laughed Dean.
It was old and looked as if it was held together by a thread. It's windows were cracked, the door broken, and the roof had several holes that needed to be patched. But the children didn't mind any of that, to them the old shed was a home away from home.
It was already dark by the time Castiel had made it home but his family didn't seem to mind much. Dean had walked him back so that way he wouldn't get lost, though Cas was sure he could've made it back just fine.
"That's possible or maybe, just maybe she'll actually text you back," said Sam, going into the fridge to get himself a beer too. "It would be a shame though, because the second she finds out it was your ugly mug who texted her she might block your number."
"Like hell you will, I got everything handled so you don't have to worry about a thing. Your big twenty one is going to be one of the best nights of your life."
He looked up and saw his phone resting on the table, a faint blinking light going off. A message.
Raphael rolled his eyes and looked to Castiel, "How was your day?"
"I beg your pardon?" Castiel stammered, dropping his pencil and giving his full attention to the devil child next to him.
The brothers continued to sit around and laugh while playing around with some of their cousins. It felt like forever since they had seen some of them so they made sure to have as much time with them as possible.
Castiel shot up and immediately started to get dressed. His body was sent into a panicked state, throwing things around to look for the best clothes possible. He ran out of his room to brush his teeth, still trying to put on his shirt.
"You're doing great, Benny. I think I saw it budge this time," said Charlie, clapping her hands excitedly.
"I thought tha-" Benny started only to be cut off with Jo's elbow jamming into his stomach.
The man's eyes looked surprised and turned to Gabriel, confused.
"I'm sorry about today, Cas," said Dean out of the blue on the road leading to Castiel's front porch.
"Guess who?" asked the other boy, his hands covering Castiel's eyes as he held him close.
After ten minutes, the Novak children were finally ready to leave for school. They were all lined up from oldest to youngest, waiting for their father to finish his morning prayer with them before they could leave.
"A what?" Castiel asked, looking up from his book. The most confused look came to his face as he tilted his head to the side, Dean would've thought that it was cute had he not been so frustrated.
"I won't," said Castiel but he knew that Lucifer was on his trail. And that scared him.
"It's a talent, really," Jo bragged.
Bobby came out of the room and closed the door gently before walking over to Dean. He helped the boy up and pulled up his shirt and coat to see the damage.
"Shut up, Benny! I do not have a big head. You're just jealous because you weren't smart enough to ever get a gold star in class," Jo snapped. She stuck her tongue out and kicked him in the ribs.
Dean turned around and was faced with an angry Ellen, her fingers on the lever. He could feel a sheepish grin on his face growing to the point that it looked almost cartoonish.
"Mm-hmm… well, he likes the Ten Commandments. My family would watch that in the theater back in California," said Castiel while he remembered fondly of the days that he and his family would spend in those theater seats to watch the sea part before Moses. He was always awe-struck and for the longest time thought that the film really captured a miracle only to be led on by Gabriel who finally had to explain to him the magic of special effects and editing.
"Yeah, that was the plan," answered Dean, his mind wandering off as they walked along the side of the road into town.
The rooms had already been taken and that left Cas with one of the smaller ones on the second floor. He didn't mind in all honesty. The room had its fair share of problems. The paint was old and chipped away, it needed an overall deep clean, and he could've sworn there was a hole that a mouse kept popping his head out of. But it was the perfect size for him and he liked that he had a window next to his bed that let him watch the sunset. To Castiel, that's all he needed to be happy.
It was a three story house that at a glance you could say it looked like something out of a horror movie. Shutters hung loosely to the windows, the paint was faded to the point that you couldn't tell what the original color was, and the floor creaked an unholy sound with each step. A large empty field surrounded the house, with not another house in sight for miles on end.
"Being eight years old still makes you a baby," groaned Dean, holding and rubbing his shin.
"That's what you get for not letting me talk to your girlfriend," Jo shot back.
Luckily enough, the tall wheat managed to hide Dean much better than he had expected. He stopped in place and listened to his father's curses get further and further away from him. Dean must've stood there for what seemed like hours and when he was sure that his old man had left, he fell to his knees and cried.
"What did you say?" Jo asked, biting her lip.
He felt sorry for all of them but he knew that if they saw their friend again, it would've made them feel a little better. Gabriel walked up to the counter and asked for Benny's room. Five minutes later they were in front of their friend's hospital room.
"You're welcome, Mother," said Michael, smiling coldly.
"But Dean, I hate thinking about you goi-"
"I don't think I want to, but I did find this," said Dean and pulled out the slip of paper and handed it over to his brother.
"I'm going to go pick my room," shouted Gabriel and ran away into the house in an attempt to change the subject.
Michael pulled down the ladder to the attic and climbed up with Dean not far behind him.
"Good. Because you're going to regret scaring me like that," she joked.
"Get up, Dad! Get your ass up, you fucking piece of shit!" shouted Dean, kicking John over and over again. Tears started to trail down his face.
"Is it good?"
"Calm down, Castiel. I told you they were only suspicions," laughed Lucifer, standing up from his seat and walking over to Castiel. He ruffled his brother's hair, brought his lips close to Castiel's ear. The little boy could feel the hot breath against his head causing him to shutter. With a wicked grin, Lucifer whispered, "but then again, I had my suspicions about Michael and look how he ended up."
