The further they went, the more Dean grumbled under his breath, especially when the light started fading. There was no gate, and the fence seemed impenetrable. They were about to give up when Dean spotted a trampled patch of weeds, and sure enough, at some point someone had taken a wire cutter to the fence there. Without delay, they dipped through the gap and found themselves in a yard with an assortment of free-standing concrete tanks, interspersed with pools dipped into the ground. A recognizable path wound itself between them, and they followed it, eyes restlessly surveying their surroundings.
As they drove on, each minute felt like hours, but finally, they arrived in the Bunker.
It doesn’t take long before Dean stirs and lets out a groan, blinking sluggishly.
“Yes, you’re right. You know me, stubborn as a mule. So, let’s go.”
Cas’ eyes flashed bluer than usual, and Dean realized it was a flare of his grace. He wasn't afraid of Castiel, not really, but it was hard to believe that the angel who now looked like fury personified was the same one who'd slept peacefully next to him barely half an hour ago. Defiantly, they withstood each other's gaze, both panting with the effort of holding themselves back, although at that point neither knew what it was they were keeping in check. Something then manifested, almost like a third, tangible being, right there in the room with them, and pushed them towards each other forcefully.
“Well, shit,” Dean let out a low, sarcastic whistle. “Is that why you didn’t finish me?”
The place was filled, but not crowded. For now, Nirvana’s “Smells like teen spirit” was playing from speakers, but members of a band were preparing the little stage in the corner of the bar for a concert. The waiters and waitresses were wearing cowboy boots, jeans and flannel shirts in different colors, with a little rainbow badge on them. The moment Dean noticed those badges, he knew what they stood for. Without thinking, he reached out for Castiel’s hand, and took it into his. One of the waitresses winked at them, and after they sat down to one of the free tables, she flitted there.
The rest of the day passed by without any special events, and a few minutes after six o’clock Dean was finally done for the day. Usually he let the horses stay longer in the pen, but he had plans for that night, and he wasn’t going to put those on hold for the sake of letting them back into the stable, so he made an exception. He led them back into their stalls, and in exchange for the shortened outside-time they each got a bonus apple.
“Okay, your need to reinstate your demolished masculinity has been noted, we’re awaiting answers from the jurors on the question.” Castiel said with mock seriousness, before chuckling lightly.
“Okay, let’s see what we have here,” Dean says, peering into the bowls one by one. As he passes Cas, he buries a hand in his messy, temporarily grey hair and ruffles it to dislodge some of the flour, then uses the same hand to smack Cas’ ass, leaving a white handprint on the relatively clean backside of his dark blue robe. He stops right behind Cas to gleefully take in his handiwork, and briefly contemplates leaving another mark, but then Cas is growling out his name and turns around to face him.
“Perhaps. But perhaps forward is just the way ahead.”
Cas turns around and stares straight into Dean’s lust-glazed eyes as he replies without any shame or hesitation. “I want you in me.”
“Thank you.”
“Sorry, I’m… I’m ticklish.” Castiel gritted out, trying to contain his laughter, but Dean did nothing to make it easy on him. He kept caressing the milky pale skin, sending his lover into one laughing fit after the other. He was laughing so hard that he forgot to even attempt getting away from Dean. “Stop, Dean, please, it’s too much. I can’t…”
Seeing Castiel’s flexibility, a few impure thoughts ran through Dean’s mind, effectively making him blush.
Dean's grateful for the distance, for being out of Sam's sight, and because he wants to give his brother the courtesy he is getting, he doesn't turn around, even when there's barely muffled sobs coming from the backseat. As he listens to the sounds of Sam's slowly subsiding anguish while less than an inch away from the edge himself, he doesn't think that any of it was even remotely worth it. Sure, they exist, and so does Jack, but it can't be called surviving when they lost everything they fought for, and suddenly there are limits to omniscient control that weren't there before.
“Sneaky… sneaky,” Castiel grinned, and with a quick move he disappeared under the covers, hungrily kissing his way down Dean’s torso. Dean moaned, trying to push his body closer and closer to Castiel’s, but he held him still, keeping him in place. He flicked his tongue against one of Dean’s nipples, and Dean hissed loudly, grabbing a fistful of Castiel’s hair, just to keep him there, but Castiel had apparently other ideas. After a few teasing licks and bites he continued his way downwards on Dean’s body, dipping his tongue into his navel for a couple of times before finally reaching his cock. First he gave it a few gentle, almost experimental tugs, before taking it into his mouth. Dean’s hips snapped forward on their own, forcing Castiel to take more and more, but the man wasn’t complaining, or pulling off, so Dean reached down with both hands to caress and tickle as much of Castiel as possible. Dean loved being on the receiving end of a blowjob, but it always felt a little one-sided to him. He poked Castiel’s shoulder.
, Dean. I have bruises everywhere, and I mean ev-ery-where.”
“Yes, I was...” Grateful for the change of topic, Castiel settled in for a chat, wanting to keep the nephilim busy and himself distracted until Sam and Dean woke up in the morning, as neither of them slept.
“Okay…” Castiel said, and – although a little reluctantly – he held his hand out. It didn’t take more than a second for Gigette to sniff at it before she started licking at it. For a moment Castiel looked like he was going to pass out, but a few seconds later he gave a little laugh. “It tickles.”
“Yes, you should. But please, wait until after dinner, okay? I’m going to make his favorite food, I learnt the recipe from his mom. I’m sure that will put him in a good mood.”
Careful not to startle the horses, he snuck out of the stable. With a pitchfork in his hand he made a round around the building, and came back empty-handed. There was nothing going on. Why was he having the heebie-jeebies then? “Calm the frak down, Winchester, there’s nothing there,” he thought. A loud sigh left his lips, and he decided to spend the rest of the night in the house. Maybe he could catch a late-night rerun of Doctor Sexy. Or, he could watch Doctor Who on DVD and swoon a little over David Tennant. Once inside the house, he delighted in the welcoming warmth, and toeing off his boots, he padded into the kitchen to make coffee. While he waited for it to brew, he turned on the TV and plopped down onto the couch. Taking the remote into his hand he was about to change the channel, but when he saw what was on the screen, he cursed loudly. Without thinking, he called Chuck. The phone rang for almost a minute before he finally picked up.
Dean pulled on his boots, and groaned as he tried to stand up. Before he knew what was happening, Castiel grabbed his arm, and pulled him to his feet. The touch sent a shiver through Dean’s body, and he didn’t want Castiel to let go of him. The walk back to the estate was silent, but both of them felt completely comfortable with it.
A slightly tinny female voice comes from somewhere underneath the bowls, and it takes a moment for Dean to recognise it.
The room itself – a twin, with two single beds even though Castiel insisted he did not need one – was also rather small and sparsely furnished. A table barely big enough for a laptop accompanied a chair that Dean knew was going to squeak like a rubber duck under his weight, and the two beds with a tiny nightstand each were pushed into opposite corners on either side of the bathroom door. There wasn’t even a kitchenette, just an old coffeemaker on a chest of drawers, but at least the room smelled fresh, and the linen was clean and crisp too.
“Yeah, couldn’t sleep,” Dean shrugged. “Uh, have you seen Cas today by any chance?” he tried to sound nonchalant, occupying his hands by filling a mug with leftover coffee from the day before.
“Very. Now, Dean, please.”
“Sneaky,” Dean chuckled, leading Castiel into his kitchen. They ate together, quickly devouring the donuts and the coffee.
“Son of a bitch,” Dean muttered trotting inside the house. He heard voices from the direction of the living room, so he headed there. Chuck and Becky were both there, happily chatting with a man Dean had never seen before. Without greeting anyone, he walked up to the man. “That Camaro out there, is she yours?” he gritted his teeth.
About half-way to the town Castiel spotted something in the roadside dirt.
A few hours later Sam walked down the stairs coming from Dean’s bedroom, an expression of the purest despair on his face.
“Of course I hate it, because no matter what I say, if I say yes or no, you’ll still do what you wanted to originally do, so, why do you even bother asking? I can clearly remember saying no when you asked if you should send novel-Dean literally to hell, and yet he ended up there…”
“Yes, both are. You did ‘fry my brain,’ but also, the way bee anatomy works, drones essentially explode when ejaculating.”
“Sir, are you okay?” She asked, even though she could clearly see that he was not okay. “I’m Sergeant Ruby McBridge. You must be Dean Winchester. Can you tell me what happened?”
“This was the best wake-up call I ever had,” Dean smiled after they parted.
“I see,” Cas replies. He rewinds the video to the start and intently watches it to the end without any further comment. By the time the footage runs its course, he has a smile on his face and Dean can tell he’s on board. “We need to purchase some items for that,” Cas says, moving to take the laptop from Dean.
With their flashlights on again, they continued in the direction they assumed the vampire had come from, and soon found themselves outside a control room, its door rusty and warped just enough to allow some light escape. Castiel moved to open it, but Dean hissed at him.
“Dean, you don't have to say anything. When I said that just being in love with you was enough, I meant that too.”
“Who’s that?” He called out before opening the door.
“Always, Cas. I’m always with you. Now sleep.”
“Keep going,” Dean hissed when Castiel’s fingers started working at the knotted muscles of his shoulders, his initial gruffness apparently forgotten.
On the twentieth of August, they celebrated Castiel’s birthday with a garden party. Dean bought him a horse, a black mare by the name Emmaline, and just like with Gigette back then, it was love at first sniff.
“I haven’t talked to her yet, but Susan did, and Tyler told her that he let her go, because she wouldn’t scream anymore. But, that’s… insane.”
“Did you just call me Cas?”
Dean struggled against the stranglehold, but it didn’t seem to be much help. His vision was swimming, dark spots blacking out half of the world, but Dean landed a kick into the man’s groin, and he was released immediately. Using the momentary weakness of the man, Dean found a rock, and hit the man’s head with it. This time he knew better than going any closer, but the man didn’t move. Soon the police arrived. Not surprisingly, they knew who he was when they saw him. They didn’t know his name, but there was a warrant on him under the pseudonym Alastair, for multiple kidnappings and even murders. It only occurred to Dean later, how lucky Tyler was that she wasn’t killed. Dean gave his statement, and then the officers left, with Alastair handcuffed to the backseat.
“He’s kinda cute,” Castiel admitted, smiling down at the tiny horse.
“She had a little congenital defect on her heart and she didn't know, even though it was already affecting her. It would have ruined her life in a few years,” the angel said, and picked up the second fork to fiddle with it.
“Shh my love, I know it hurts, of course it does, but only for a few more moments now.”
“I think he actually loves you,” the Shadow breaks the momentary silence. It even manages to sound honest for those few words, if only to twist the knife further. “I think he loves you just as much and the same way as you love him, but he did too good a job of keeping you at arm’s length and pushing you away every time you managed to inch closer; and you, like the fool you are, believed that that’s where he wanted you, where you belonged.”
“I scare you?”
“All I did wrong was falling in love with someone I wasn’t supposed to. But please, let me start from the beginning, if you don’t mind listening to me. We have a story to tell, a story about love, hate, sadness and happiness. It is a story wherein good people win their fights, and bad people get punished.” With that, she stood up and left. A little girl with long blonde locks took her place on the stage, playing happily with a real pony, which Castiel recognized as Scricciolo. Abigail’s happiness lasted only until Bobby appeared, obviously in the role of the little girl’s father. A lot of people were participating in the scenes, sometimes the stage was so full that Castiel was afraid the thick wooden boards would break. For every other scene a new Abigail came, until Becky re-entered the stage, with a man who was playing her teacher. Soon, the sound of hooves was to be heard, and the crowd gasped when a horse jumped up onto the stage, with a man in the saddle. Castiel didn’t even have to look at his face to know it was Dean.
“Come any closer, and I will slit her throat,” the man said, flashing a creepily child-like smile at Dean through the hole of his mask over his mouth. The smile turned into an ugly sneer when Dean slid down from Date’s back. Dean was anything but calm, but he took a step closer to the man. Even though he had never heard that raspy voice before, he was sure he knew him. It was the same man Tyler was talking about, and for the second time that day, Dean saw red, but for a very different reason this time.
’ in a moment if you keep doing that.”
“She’s dead,” Dean muttered when they got back into the car.
“Yeah, my head, like I said. It’s not that bad though.” he answered, trying to sit up.
“I had a whole-ass speech planned,” Dean mutters into his hair, breath tickling his ear as he huffs out the hint of a laugh.
“Why? What’ll happen here?” Castiel asked.
“Really?” Dean couldn’t help but ask, even though he fully expected the answer to be no.
“Sh, I’ve got you,” Dean murmurs, and he starts kneading Cas’ shoulder with sure movements of pleasant pressure. Cas goes pliant under his ministrations and he hums, which seems to prompt Dean to use his other hand too, working in tandem. A shiver runs through Cas and he almost crumbles. Dean keeps up the gentle massage and Cas feels his careful smile when he presses kisses to the back of his neck. “Do you like that?” Dean asks, and all Cas can offer as reply is a breathy sound he hopes conveys “yes.” Only a few touches and he’s near-overwhelmed; body, mind and soul wholly alive and aglow with not only the love he feels for Dean, but also that of Dean for him - he senses it clearer now than his angelic self, his grace, ever did, and he knows then that becoming human was not a sacrifice, it was ascension.
“Come on, you spent two and a half weeks here on a horse ranch. You’re intending to stay at least three more, and you haven’t actually been near the horses for more than those five minutes when I introduced them to you.”
Dean rested his back against the wall. Spending more time hunched over papers on his bed wasn’t going to be enjoyable, but Cas was clearly still on edge, almost vibrating with nervous energy. So, he kept the angel just at the edge of his peripheral vision, not looking at him directly, expecting something to happen. What happened not five minutes later was Castiel making a hasty escape, the door slamming shut behind him before Dean could have even turned his head to look.
“We’ll get to that, angel, don’t worry.” Dean answered, and teasingly, he bit Castiel’s earlobe. As retaliation, Castiel pinched one of Dean’s nipples. “That was uncalled for!” Dean exclaimed with just a hint of annoyance. He turned around, and threw his lover onto the bed. Castiel let out a surprised gasp, and he wrapped his arms around Dean’s waist, hands splayed on the small of his back, pulling him down to him. Dean went obediently, lying down next to Castiel, and he began kissing his lover’s face, his closed eyes, his nose, and his cheeks, followed the strong line of his jaw, then returned to his lips, only to swallow the moan rising from Castiel’s throat. He slid his hand slowly down on Castiel’s body, finally reaching his cock. Even through two layers of clothing it reacted immediately to Dean’s touch, and Castiel lifted his hips, trying to get more contact. Instead of lingering there, Dean decided to venture back upwards, and he leaned down to lick one of his nipples, tongue playfully swirling around the small nub. Castiel let out a loud hiss and he wrapped his legs around Dean’s waist, eagerly rocking against his body.
“Okay then, spill. What’s going on?”
“Oh, that’s alright, I was thinking more along the lines of you being Jennifer Grey anyway,” Dean teased with a cheeky smirk on his face.
“My head hurts though…” He complained, carefully scratching at the mentioned body part.
“Oh, sorry, here’s your food.”
“And why exactly are you sharing that important information with me?” He asked, trying to sound as sarcastic and uninterested as possible. Becky snorted.
“No, of course I don’t. I have to finish this, but after that I’m free for a few hours. Do you have any plans?”
“You were determined to do this either way, even if it would have meant doing it on your own. Am I right?” Castiel countered.
“Yeah, she’s okay, hardly a few scratches on her. I took her to Bobby. He’s probably already fixed the paintwork by now.” Sarah said before her boyfriend could open his mouth and say anything rude about Dean caring more about the car than himself. She stood up, and said goodbye to Dean before leaving for work.
“I’m Dean Winchester, and I’m currently following a stolen vehicle heading north, towards the bay on Highway 14, we just passed milestone 40, I think. The car’s a four-door Nissan Frontier, silver and a little beat up. Two armed men are occupying it, they took my partner hostage.”
I’m sure no one will read this, but I need to let some things out.
“Yeah, it was.” Dean agreed. “Hey, I almost forgot to ask you. Will you come to the Harvelle’s masquerade next weekend? It’s the best party of the summer, free food and booze.”
“Am I?” Castiel asked with just the smallest hint of bitterness in his voice. For a moment Dean wasn’t sure how to react to that, so he chose the easiest way. He reached out, and pulled Castiel close, establishing skin-on-skin contact. Soon he felt Castiel’s mouth curl up into a tentative smile against his shoulder, and he sighed with relief.
The question was innocent enough, yet it stabbed Castiel like barbed wire.
“I need this.” Dean's tone changed rather abruptly. Sam looked taken aback for a moment, but he steeled himself and stood his ground.
Dean called him the same evening.
“I’m tired,” he mutters and leans into the touch of an arm low around his waist. He knows it’s not Dean, but it feels like him, and Cas is
~.~.~.~.~.~
“Lay back as far as you can. If you manage that without falling, you’re maybe not completely helpless up there,” Dean teased, and Castiel shot him a dark look, before huffing, and arching his back. Two seconds later he was laying on Gigette’s back, his spine against hers.
“This is quite a turnout,” Castiel observed looking around.
“I believe that is how it goes, yes.”
“Are you telling me I am distracting?” Dean drawled playfully into Castiel's ear, heat radiating off him directly into the angel's being.
Castiel’s shower was really quick: the bread was still in the toaster, the coffee brewing, and eggs still in the pan when he walked down the stairs, wearing a pair of black sweatpants and nothing else. Silently, he sneaked up on Dean, and pressed a kiss onto the back of his neck.
After some thinking Castiel nodded, and in the next moment he found himself with his back pressed tightly against Dean’s chest.
“There is nothing I can say to talk you out of this, am I right?” Dean asked with a half-smile.
“Sam –” Castiel began, but he was interrupted.
in the nothingness - the bigger it was, the more of the spell ingredients it took to keep it open, so to prolong the effects, Sam would feed it only the absolute minimum. They’d estimated that Dean would have about 2 hours, maybe slightly less to find Cas.
“I may have seen you before, but… For God’s sake, just stop playing with me, I’m so not in the mood for this,” Dean growled angrily, hands balled into fists by his sides.
“I’m already shining just fine …” Dean mumbled as he pulled the sheets over his head. “I hate it that you’re always this cheery in the morning,” he added as an afterthought, and shifted to bury his head even further into his pillow. Castiel slipped his hand under the sheet, and began caressing Dean’s bare back, fingertips following the curve of his spine. At first Dean muttered something that sounded an awful lot like ‘leave me alone’, but soon he melted under his lover’s gentle touch, and after a few minutes he was purring like a satisfied cat, body arching up to meet the caresses. Castiel continued drawing invisible, intricate patterns onto Dean’s skin, and his ministrations were soon pulling breathy moans from Dean’s throat.
“Long time no see.” She smiled tiredly at him. Sarah shot a questioning look at her, then at her fiancée.
“I hope they’ll catch the bastard. And I want to be the one putting him behind bars for the rest of his fucked up life,” Castiel gritted through his teeth. Dean and Becky stared in surprise at him, they had never heard Castiel curse before.
“The office I rented has three rooms. For now I was planning on using only two, as the third one needs a little renovation, but if I had an associate…” he let his voice trail off.
“Can you…” Suddenly, Cas feels unsure, and rather than voicing his wish to be allowed to take Dean’s t-shirt off, he makes a vague gesture towards the hem of the garment. Dean seems to understand it anyway, and whips it off.
“Good morning, Dean. Sorry about that…” he nodded towards the door. “It’s still early, you can go back to sleep if you want.”
Charlie finally lifted her head. “Ouch, that looks bad,” she said as she zeroed in on Dean’s hand. “Do you want a coffee? Also, if you don’t mind keeping an eye on the reception for a moment, I’m happy to sanitise your stuff in there,” she offered, tilting her head towards the actual studio.
“Exactly,” Castiel grinned shyly, eyeing the horse tied to the pole with so much uncertainty in his eyes that Dean almost gave up his idea of teaching Castiel how to ride a horse.
“That was only once, and you didn’t answer your phone for three freaking hours! It’s not my fault that it was because you fell asleep in a meadow, and not because you were lying in a pool of your own blood, murdered somewhere.”
The first of April had always been a special day for Dean Winchester. As a kid, it had been the time of plotting pranks, most of them at first against his younger brother, Sam, later against the girl (or boy) he’d been pining after at that moment. Later, after he’d stood up to his parents for the first time in his life, the first of April had became the anniversary of him leaving his childhood home, and starting a new life in a different environment, at the young age of barely eighteen. Now, fourteen years later, it was usually when he first let the horses in his care spend the whole day on the fields.
“People are crowding at her home, forming teams searching for her, we could help them. You know the neighborhood well, that could be of importance.”
“By the way, Castiel is into guys. Also, he’s utterly and completely single,” Becky announced suddenly, looking pointedly at Dean.
Letting go of his dog, Dean retrieves a second industrial-sized mug with still-steaming coffee from somewhere behind his back, and holds it out for Cas who takes it without even sitting up.
“Call me Cas, please.”
Once in his studio, Dean retrieved the sketches of Cas’ planned tattoo while Cas got Jack’s carrier settled in one of the armchairs by the wall.
Six more bottles were emptied between the two of them on that evening, and both of them were pleasantly buzzed from the alcohol, more than a little tipsy but not drunk. It was barely midnight when Dean suggested going home and Castiel agreed eagerly. The whole time they’d spent in the HallowInn, sparks of excitement had been flying between them, and with the intake of beer the sensation just intensified.
“I was thinking about restoring that garden pond between the pen and the practice track. Soon enough, Ben won’t need me to teach him anymore, and unless we’ll have a new client by then, I’ll have a lot more free time.”
“Holy crap!” He let out an entirely unmanly shriek when he caught a glimpse of the two men making out. They jumped apart, and Chuck felt like a jerk for disturbing them. “Sorry, I… I’ll just be back later. Much later,” he mumbled, and hurried towards the door.
Gradually, their breaths and heartbeats slow to normal levels, and Dean looks up, propping his chin into the dip of Cas’ sternum as he does.
“I think I can vaguely recall something,” Cas nods with a hint of a smile tugging on the corners of his mouth, and he settles down with his back flush against Dean’s upper body.
“What was that about?” Dean asked.
“Happens. Any specifics?”
“Told you so!” Dean grinned proudly. “How do you feel about some balance exercises?”
“It was really awkward. Becky asked if I wanted to meet her later that day for a coffee, I said yes, and as they say, the rest of the story is already history.”
“Good, let’s welcome them!” Dean’s eyes had a dangerous glint to them as he positioned himself next to the door, ready to attack whoever stepped over the threshold.
“I'm sure there will be a moment when, out of the blue, Dean looks at you, and asks you if by any chance you made a deal with a cosmic entity,” Jack muttered sarcastically. Castiel laughed, knowing full well where the kid had picked up the attitude.
“Because it would’ve sucked if someone or something magically saved him in the last minute!” Chuck exclaimed in defense of his decision.
While the computer boots up, Cas abandons his book on the couch and joins Dean on the bed. Dean only has to tap the touchpad a few times to pull up what he wants Cas to see, and he turns the screen towards the angel with a gleeful expression.
The Shadow materialises next to him, and it looks like Dean, wearing the same outfit the real one wore when Cas last saw him.
“Right now? In the rain? Here, in the middle of the road?”
“Look at me,” Cas repeats, and he hooks his hand under Dean’s chin to gently tilt his head up. Dean’s eyes look even darker now, clouded with what Cas thinks is fear, so he stops pushing for a conversation and kisses Dean instead, crowding closer until they are chest to chest. He initiates a trade of slow, indulgent kisses, diving back in over and over again each time they part.
“Although I understand your references now, I still don’t enjoy them. My eyes see the exact same as yours do.”
“Thank you, Dean,” Castiel said, though he wasn't quite sure what he was saying thank you for, and he stilled, focusing on the fingers curled around his arm. Willing his suddenly racing pulse to slow down for fear of Dean noticing it, he untangled himself from the contact before Dean had a chance to break it. Wordlessly, he settled into the passenger seat of the Impala, and the hunter followed, sliding behind the wheel.
Then, a sharp yelp and an incessant string of curses pulled his attention back.
“No, thanks. I’ll get my shit together myself, I just need a minute.”
“I had to make a deal with the Shadow of the Empty.”
~.~.~.~.~.~
“No.”
“I’m going to finish tying you up now,” Cas advises in a low voice and moves off of Dean to quickly and efficiently fasten cuffs around his ankles so that his legs are spread just wide enough for access. Dean looks utterly debauched already; his bottom lip red and swollen from his own teeth worrying it, heaving chest shining with sweat, his cock hard and full, barely covered by thin satin, its flushed head poking past the waistband.
“No, I’m good, thanks.”
“Good morning. Did you sleep well?”
“How come this chamber was never robbed?” He asked, pointing at the jewelry.
(these are the only ones actually featured in the fic as the songs Dean sings along to, and I inserted the lyrics in Chapter 6)
“Cas, what the hell's going on?” Dean asked, breathless. He took a step back, his eyes wide open and fixed on the astral projection behind the angel.
It took a minute for him to recognize that Castiel was asleep, which was surprising, but instead of looking for an explanation, Dean decided to enjoy the role-reversal, the rare opportunity to watch Cas as he slept. He nearly went under himself by the time the angel woke up.
“Well then, I am happy to inform you that you’re welcome in it as often as you’d like to, though not always for sleeping,” Dean answered, waggling his eyebrows suggestively.
“Only as much as the distant buzz of a fly bothers an elephant.” It feigns nonchalance, but Cas knows he’s onto something once again.
“Is that a threat?” Dean quips.
“Look, Mr. Winchester, you just woke up. First we want to know if everything is okay with you, and then we’ll talk about you going home, okay?” The doctor answered, and when Dean nodded, she left the room.
“I’ve never been intimate enough with a hard drive to ask for its name,” He deadpanned, and that only made Dean laugh harder. A moment later Castiel joined him, and Dean did his best not to dwell on how adorably his nose crinkled when he laughed.
Once they’re there, Sam snaps out of his shock reaction and easily switches into caretaker mode, helping Cas to settle Dean into bed. Dean’s out like the light, he doesn’t even shift when Sam wrestles him out of his jacket and flannel while Cas fiddles with the laces of his boots.
“How long are you staying?” He asked, poking the wet sand under his soles with his toes.
After another day spent with a futile search for something that wasn’t there, Castiel just broke down. He was aching from all the horse-riding, he was frustrated, sad and also a little angry.
“I want to come with.”
“Yeah, why wouldn’t we be?” Dean shrugged. “We talked about it, and now we’re okay, aren’t we?” He asked, referring to the incident with Judas and Castiel’s car. Castiel nodded as an answer, and turned his head to look at the saddle in his lap, intent on continuing to clean it.
“That’s really how you want to spend some of your time, carrying around huge-ass hay bales?”
“Do what?” Cas asks with a squint. Instead of a verbal reply, Dean just waves his hand in the limited space between them. “I happen to think that you’re doing just fine so far.”
“Your two o’clock is late,” Charlie, the receptionist replied in a bored voice, not even looking up at her boss.
“I have to tell you something.”
“Don’t rush this. We don’t have to hurry… we have time,” Castiel whispered into his ear, breath tickling his skin. After Dean’s answering nod, Castiel left a trail of wet, open-mouthed kisses on Dean’s jaw line and neck, before returning to his lips. Despite Dean’s proximity he shivered, and that snapped both of them out of their lust-induced haze.
“Okay, Cas. Lay down on your back,” Dean instructs and Cas lets himself be eased onto the bed then divested of the remainder of his clothing. Dean is still wearing his sweatpants, and as beautiful as the sight of his erection tenting them is, Cas wants him naked and he scrambles to get rid of the offending garment, eagerly watching as Dean finally pushes it off and kicks it away.
“Of course I was gone, you hurt my feelings.”
~.~.~.~.~.~
Unable to hold himself up any longer, Dean collapsed onto the bed, and halfway onto Castiel. Trying to catch their breaths seemed to be a harder task than it had ever been before, and long minutes passed before either of them was capable of making even the smallest movement.
“Son of a bitch!” Dean yelled, and he kicked the door once more, just for good measure. He looked around, trying to find something useful. Then he remembered that he still had his cell phone on him, and he called the police. The dispatcher tried her best to keep Dean as calm as possible until the units’ arrival, but when the first flame broke through the wall of an empty stall circa three minutes after Dean was pushed inside the burning building, all pleas to stay calm fell on deaf ears.
“Okay. So, my name is Castiel Engelhart. Nice to meet you,” he said, reaching out towards Dean with his right hand.
“I want you to tie me up,” Dean blurts out one morning, closer to being asleep than awake still. He has no idea if Cas is even in the bedroom with him - for once, the angel is not curled around Dean with his whole body, their limbs entwined to the point where they can’t tell where one of them ends and the other begins, cliché as it is.
“This is not Dirty Dancing, and I’m no Patrick Swayze either.”
“Cas, don’t. I…” He said, but he got hit again, this time hard enough to break the skin on his temple, blood slowly trickling down his face.
“I hate you,” Sam groaned, and Dean was sure he was wearing his patented bitch-face.
“But now you are, if – if you still want it.”
“Your wings keep fluttering every time you say his name. And you say it a lot,” Jack stated like it was the most natural thing in the world, and for a three year old nephilim it probably was. Castiel smiled at him softly, and reached out to take Jack's hand into his for a moment.
“Tell him I’m in the stable. Or, you know what? Tell him I’m anywhere else, but not in the stable. I have a faint idea what he wants to talk about, and I’m so not sure I want to talk about that.”
“That doesn’t sound too complicated,” Castiel chuckled, and did as he was told. Dean felt a little hot when he leaned down to give him a push, he hadn’t thought about how close that action would get him to Castiel’s backside, but he managed to keep himself from touching in inappropriate places, even though he desperately wanted to. He swallowed, and tried to get the blush he was no doubt sporting back under control. He smiled up at Castiel, who looked mighty proud sitting in the saddle.
“Cas?”
It was in fact quarter past two by the time a dishevelled man about Dean’s age stumbled through the door… with an occupied baby car seat hanging from his arm.
“It's
“Dean,” Sam let out an indignant huff. “What have you done?”
“Don’t act like that’s an unfamiliar notion for you!”
From the outside, the building looked to be in a state of slightly aged disrepair, but it wasn't the worst Dean had ever seen – though, if he was honest with himself, even the tenth worst he'd seen was pretty damn bad. The motel's office was a small, air-conditioned room where a young woman with an unusual accent swiftly took care of the paperwork, which Dean filed with the name 'Dean Hale' in deliberately messy handwriting.
“Exactly that,” Dean confirms. “Okay, maybe not
“That sounds like a plan to me, though,” Castiel remarked dryly, his eyes following Dean’s every movement as he stood up and stretched, arms above his head.
“For fun,” Dean adds in hopes that Cas catches his meaning. The angel looks slightly less taken aback at that, but he still appears confused and tilts his head as if a slightly different angle would help with unraveling the mystery of Dean's words. “During sex, Cas.”
“This is such a cliché,” Dean chuckled, watching Castiel draw lazy circles onto his skin, right on his sternum.
“Then why the fuck are you angry at me for coming to save
Dean sucks in a sharp breath. “Cas…” he says gently. “Will it ever come back?”
“Cas, on foot we’d be too slow, and we can’t take a car.”
When Sam had to hang up and head back to the office, Dean finished the stalls, and put the saddle on Judas, who – to Dean’s utter surprise - actually stayed put in the pen after Becky told him to. They headed out, but this time Dean decided to take another route, where he knew there were fallen trees and a few decayed wood fences along the trail, so he could test Judas’ knowledge about jumping.
“You know, if you had actually told me where the stable is, I wouldn’t be this late.”
“Yes, I’m pretty sure we are. He’s a friend of Becky’s, he’s here at the estate, and yesterday I threatened to hit him.”
“Yeah, because I bribed her with apples,” Castiel said, rolling his eyes.
“Cas, NO!” Dean yelled, but the man behind him hit him in the head with the gun.
“This is quite pleasurable,” Castiel confessed five laps later, even though the reason he said it was more to make Dean finally let him get off the horse than to express his enjoyment, but apparently Dean didn’t exactly get it.
By the time Dean emerged from his bathroom, clean and fully dressed, he found Becky sitting on a chair in his kitchen, looking serious, and a little angry. Before she could say anything though, Dean began talking.
*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*
“It’s me,” he nods and in a fraction of a second, he is being kissed, held by strong arms around his waist. It’s just like he’s imagined - in fact, it’s
“When have I ever listened to words, Cas?” Dean huffed, self-deprecation evident in his voice. Castiel, at an apparent loss for a fitting verbal answer to that, simply kissed him.
“Has Chuck or Becky told you anything about the old wash-house?”
“Strip, my love,” Cas orders as soon as everything is in place, tugging at Dean’s flannel. Immediately, the air in the room feels even thicker, and Dean obeys eagerly, quickly dropping the garment. “Slower!”
They began ambling towards the Shurley Estate, nudging the horses into a trot after a few minutes. When they reached the edge of the town, an idea struck Dean.
“No, thank you,” he sighed.
“Happy birthday to me,” Dean chuckles, and closes his eyes. “Maybe 42
“The center of the facility is this way, we should follow it,” Castiel pointed to their right. Dean didn’t feel the need to argue, though it was his hunter’s instinct pulling him that way rather than any conscious thought.
Dean sighs in exasperation, even though deep down he’s touched that Cas is looking out for him. “Nothing pink or furry though,” he smirks, only to find himself face to face with a matching smirk from Cas.
“Eh, no. I wanted to talk to you, but… it can wait.” Chuck said, and before Dean could say anything else, he was out the door.
“Okay, I know. I was a little harsh, but damn, we could’ve both died out there,” he whispered into Judas’ ear, nodding towards the general direction of the back road. Judas turned his head to look at him, and pressed a slobbery horse-kiss onto his face. “I love you too.” Dean smiled, patted the horse’s neck, and went to take a shower.
“I don't see any vehicles, and I can't sense any vampires,” Castiel advised as he caught up with him.
As if on cue, the real Dean's voice is back at that exact moment and his emotions are so palpable that Cas not only forgets to breathe, he forgets that he doesn’t need to breathe at all. At first, Dean’s words don’t even register, it’s all just painful white noise, but then his mind clears.
“Not yet. I thought I’d eat with you, if you don’t mind,” Castiel answered shyly, and he ducked back out to retrieve a second paper cup and a bag of donuts.
“I know what your point is. You need to keep moving, keep fighting, dodge punches... Anything to keep you from having to think.”
, and various iterations of
Cas face twitches for a moment but he schools his features as soon as they obey his instructions, and he leans against the back of the chair he’s sitting on, needing some more distance. Dean’s eyes zero in on his lap then, and he smiles.
“Very poetic.”
Castiel was sitting cross-legged on the shortest column of hay bales and he lifted his gaze at Dean the moment he pulled the entrance gate closed behind him.
“Good morning!” She waved at him.
“You can’t even imagine,” Castiel hissed, and with a few swift movements he opened Dean’s shirt, fingers grazing against dark brown nipples. He let his hands roam over tanned, velvety skin as he pushed the offending garment off of Dean’s shoulders, and hungrily kissed him again, pressing his body against his lover’s.
“Oh, shut up, you self-absorbed bastard.” Dean nudged Castiel’s shoulder with his elbow. “Don’t you have anything better to do than torturing me with your over-sized ego?”
“We talked about this…” Sitting up, Dean let out a resigned sigh and lowered the gun, putting the safety back on. Castiel’s reply was a barely perceptible shrug, and Dean felt a strong urge to strangle him, just a little, his homicidal thoughts however soon turned to ones that realized the mere inches between his face and the angel’s. For all the good it did, the distance might have been miles, and yet Dean could not help but be acutely aware of it.
Nothing. That’s what surrounds him: nothing. It’s not darkness, it’s the absence of light, but it’s also the absence of everything else. He doesn’t have a body either, not in the classical sense - although what the classical sense of having a body is remains barely more than a vague idea despite occupying one for over a decade, including some time as an actual human. Somehow his tears still sit in his eyes, roll down his face though, salty and heavy. He did it. He did it and he hopes fervently it was worth it.
“Oh, sorry, I didn’t really see you.” Dean mumbled, hanging his head.
“Dean, I knew. I heard your prayer, and - for lack of a better word - I
“Does the name Castiel Engelhart sound familiar to you?”
“You have no claim on him anymore, we’re leaving. You can sleep now,” Jack announces, breaking the silence, and in the blink of an eye, Cas is in a dimly-lit, damp-smelling barn. The first thing he sees is Sam leaning against a pillar, his shoulders shaking, and there’s something… some
“I can assure you I am more than capable of 'handling' it,” the angel huffed.
“I just came to ask Dean if he wanted to join us for dinner again. I was planning on roasting a few steaks over open fire, and I know for a fact you really like it, so, are you coming?” She winked at Dean, and he nodded enthusiastically. “Okay then, see you at seven.” With that, she stood up, and left, softly chuckling on her way out.
“Are you trying to seduce me?” Cas attempts a teasing tone, but Dean’s gentle attention has him feeling too mellow for it to sound right. He lets his head fall back onto Dean’s shoulder.
“Can I?” Cas asks. Dean’s only reply is an eager nod followed by a greedy gasp when Cas, having untied the lacy bows on either side of Dean’s panties holding them in place, uses some more oil to ease a finger into him.
When he woke from the coma, he found that he wasn’t alone. Looking to his right, he saw two dark chestnut mops of hair resting on the side of his bed in a rather uncomfortable position. Dean tried to clear his throat, but the sound that has left his mouth was more animal than human, and it woke up the owners of those mops of hair.
“This is the first time I’ve heard about it. I don’t think that I’ll go though, I don’t have suitable attire for an event like that.”
Cas ignores the inappropriate comment so that he can react to the really bothering part instead. “Your father’s opinion, real or imaginary, doesn’t define you.”
“Of course it does, but what can we research that we haven't a thousand times already? Do you think there is a manual for ganking God and his sister that we have missed so far, but now all of a sudden it will conveniently pop up?!”
“Yeah, I am, I just felt like something was crawling on my arm.”
After his conversation with Jack, Cas returns to Dean’s side, unable to stay away despite Dean’s wish to be left alone while he sleeps. Cas is exhausted - even the smallest movement feels like he’s swimming in syrup that’s actively pulling at his body, his eyes itch-hurt like someone poured sand into them, but he dutifully settles into the chair next to Dean’s bed. Miracle plops down at his feet, laying his head into Cas’ lap without a care in the world, and Cas begins to absentmindedly rub behind his ears.
“Who do you think you’re kiddin’, he’s the earth and heaven to you, try to keep it hidden, honey we can see right through you…”
“On your back in the middle of the bed, my love,” Cas instructs and steps back, watching Dean. If Cas still had doubts about Dean’s submissive traits in intimacy - and intimacy only, the easy way with which he does as told would have made them dissipate anyway. As soon as Dean settles, Cas moves to straddle his hips, careful not to put his whole weight on him. He catches Dean’s right arm and gently pushes it up over his head, fastening the cuff around his wrist. “Is that okay?”
“Yes. That was awesome,” Dean drawls. “
“Dean Winchester, you are truly insufferable,” Cas says as he takes a step forward.
“Which means they can move around during daylight hours too, if they want. Let’s haul ass.”
“It’s just a precaution, she’d probably let you anyway. Horses are in a lot of regards just like dogs. They can feel the intention of us; they know whether or not we want to hurt them. And you don’t want to hurt her, right? So, no worries.”
“Hey, Cas. You okay?” He asked.
“That must suck, not being able to taste things...”
“Dean.” She nodded coolly, and after a minute of awkward silence she excused herself.
first I was so angry at Chuck for buying him, and now I can’t imagine my life without Judas, even though I’ve barely ridden him.”
"Thanked me for what?"
“Me too. Do you want to help tomorrow?”
“Dean, he doesn’t know where you live.” Chuck tried to be the voice of reason, but Dean wasn’t having any of that.
“That’s what I am trying to do!”
“You thought I was into Italian leather shoes worth three vintage cars, right?”
“You know I don't make promises, I'd just end up breaking them anyway.” Dean's coy grin made Castiel's stomach flutter in a mixture of frustration and fondness, and he gave in before he knew he was going to.
“Good. Cause it fits you better than your full name.”
“You are beautiful here,” the hand previously over Dean’s mouth moves to caress his face instead, “and also here,” it drops to his chest, right above his heart. Dean ducks his head, and Cas knows he’s overwhelming him. “Look at me,” he says softly. “Tell me if I’m too much.”
“Cas, you’re… back?”
“Alastair is dead; I shot him in the face. He got off way too easy, the bastard. I didn’t want to kill him, but I had to,” she announced loudly, and sank to the ground. “That jerk tried to push me into the fire,” she said, running her hand through her hair. When she realized that she lost some hair to the flames, she cursed. “I’d kill that goddamned, shit-headed motherfucker for a second time if he wasn’t dead as a rotting doornail already.”
Dean’s face lit up immediately.
“Okay.” Castiel did as he was told, inhaling a lungful of air he didn't necessarily need. His wings twitched up and down at the same time his shoulders did, and their presence started to feel like they normally did, even though stretching them to their full span as they were usually took effort. Gradually, the tension that pulled his entire being into a cramp dissipated and he could relax.
“Cas, stop that right now. You didn’t ruin anything. I confess, that really wasn’t what I expected from last night…” He winked. “But you don’t have to make up for anything, or feel bad about anything, okay?”
“Saving Constantine, I know. Well, if you’re lucky, the Shadow may just be asleep long enough to let you get away with him. It’s quite grouchy when it’s awake.”
“No, I wasn’t!”
“In a nutshell, yes,” Loki nodded.
“Nah, we’re actually quite okay, I’m pretty sure he’s just angry because I’m here, and yet he hasn’t gotten any food so far,” Dean explained, as he turned toward the horse once again. “Hey, big boy, you’ll get your food in five minute tops, please don’t start throwing a hissy fit.” He tried to calm down the horse, and then he took a step to his left, stopping before the door of another stall. “That’s Maniac, Chuck’s favorite girl. She’s pretty, isn’t she?” He asked, pointing at a gray, almost white Arabs horse. Castiel nodded, and after Dean passed the horse a loving pat to her back, they walked over to the next stall. “Meet Mirage. He’s not ours either. He’s a little easier to handle than Diamond, but generally, they have the same attitude. Next to him that’s Beau, probably the loudest horse in the whole universe. He’s able to out-whicker every noise, and if he strains himself, he can be heard in the main house as well. But hey, you were already here yesterday afternoon. You must have heard him.”
“Yes,” Dean argued, finally pulling out of the hug to fix his eyes on Cas’. “Did you really think I’d be okay with that dick move you pulled? Telling me you loved me then dying immediately after? Seriously, Cas, what the fuck?!”
“Okay,” Dean nodded, deciding to give up for now. “Let’s look at the schematics one last time, maybe we missed something.”
Cas doesn’t reply, dipping his head down for a kiss instead, which turns to two, then three, then an entire January snowstorm of them until they’re joined together and Cas is rocking Dean on his lap with deeply sensual, unhurried and languid thrusts. It’s roaming hands, gasping breaths; it’s a journey, not a race to the destination; it’s making love with everything the expression entails, everything Dean and Cas have; and they remain entirely entwined even after both come, sweaty and sated.
Cas nods in agreement, and he opens his mouth to speak, wanting to tell Dean how much he enjoyed it, but instead, his most random thought comes out. “Did you know that male bees ejaculate with such force that it is audible to human ears?”
Dean bats Cas’ hand to the side so there’s some room for him to get into his pants, and he pops the button then pulls the zipper down while nuzzling and nibbling his way down to the hollow of Cas’ throat. Cas’ breath hitches and his hips snap up of their own accord, trying to get some friction, but Dean doesn’t give him any, and Cas lets out a whine. He has no idea how long they’ve been at it already, but his senses are in overdrive, and he
Around two a.m. Castiel excused himself, and went to bed, leaving Dean alone with Chuck and Becky.
“Sarcastic asshole in one moment, drama queen the next,” Dean grumbles, and he fully intends to kiss it better, but before he could get around to it, he’s pushed onto his back and there’s a former angel of the Lord straddling him with a grin on his face. Suddenly there’s heat, scorching amounts of it, and all thoughts of sleep disappear.
“Yes.”
“You asshole!”
Based on the number of mattresses, that was the last of the nest, so Castiel let his blade hang by his side, and Dean wiped the blood off of his machete on the bottom of his flannel – his clothing was splattered in goo anyway, so it didn't make any difference.
“Doc, when can I go home?” Dean asked, his voice still painfully raspy from the lack of use.
“No, what I mean is… you look tired.”
“What do you mean?”
“Yeah, I can’t wait.” She smiled, and walked away, with Judas happily trailing after her.
“You can't start poking cosmic entities again! I know it's Cas, but -”
As the first of April neared, Dean started clearing the meadows of any debris that might hurt the horses, and when the day came, he got up earlier to let them out as soon as possible. He took the longe, and led the horses out, one by one. They seemed exhilarated by the fresh, cool air, and immediately started munching on the flourishing grass. Dean let his favorite horse, a palomino mare called Crystal to be the last one, as he planned on taking her out for a ride. He loved the feeling of being completely free of any restrictions, so he only put a bridle on the horse, let her walk around a little to warm up, and when he saw that she was ready, he adjusted the Stetson-hat on his head, and climbed onto Crystal’s broad, comfortable back. First they started out in a walk, then he gently nudged her up into a slow trot just to get used to the circumstances, and when he felt Crystal’s need to go faster, he let her quicken her pace and change her gait into gallop.
“Don’t fucking move,” the man holding Dean captive hissed.
This time Castiel seemed to be a little more confident on Gigette’s back, or maybe it was just the adrenaline working, but Dean didn’t have enough time to dwell on that, not in that moment. First they followed the road the two girls must have taken home, but all they found was a faint trail in the dirt that could have been made by Tyler’s bike. In front of Tyler’s house there were a lot of people, trying to coordinate the search parties. It was all surprisingly organized, even though the despair was tangible in the air. Dean and Castiel got the direct neighborhood of the Shurley Estate assigned to them, along with a young woman named Hayley, who was riding a well-muscled gray mare.
“So, what you’re trying to say is that I saved you from a cat when you were a mouse, and now you helped me because I wished I could see Cas again?”
“He did. You're definitely in the doghouse. Fix it.”
“Do you have eggs? I’d like some scrambled eggs.”
cannot...
“I know it’s hard, but please, calm down.” Chuck interjected, and the unsaid “or else” in his voice snapped Dean out of his angered haze. For the first time that day, he actually looked at the stranger, who was trying to curl up into a ball in his chair, and his heart dropped at the sight. He turned away, and as he did so, he saw the disapproving look in both Chuck’s and Becky’s eyes.
“Shh, keep it down, Cas,” Dean clamped his hand over Castiel's mouth. Footsteps sounded on the corridor, passing by the door. The heat of arousal disappeared quickly and it left the angel feeling empty.
“It’s kind of a local… myth. It’s actually a water wheel with an added house, built on a creek nearby, which feeds a little pond not very far from the wash-house. It’s not a pretty sight, really creepy if you ask me. Underneath it, there’s a cave, the Bone Chamber. It’s where rich people were put to sleep their last sleep, but not in coffins, they are fastened to the walls somehow. It looks like as if they’re just standing around there, fully clothed and all. The gases down there kept the corpses in pretty good shape, their clothes are still colorful, shoes shiny, but their hair and skin is de-colored. We could check it out, if you want to, it’s a twenty minutes walk.”
“Did Sam put you up to this?”
“That would be my estimate too,” Castiel nodded as he pulled one of the blueprints closer.
A greedy smile appears on the Shadow’s face. “Oh, right, I forgot, you’re in a hurry because loverboy’s being nailed from behind, and not by you.” It giggles as it steps closer to Castiel, and reaches towards him with a claw-like hand, well-manicured fingernails glinting like metal blades. Cas braces himself for pain as he watches them dig into his chest, but it doesn’t come. Instead, there’s merely a sensation reminiscent of a deep exhale, and judging by the way the Shadow’s grin melts off its loaned features, that’s not what it should feel like. Eventually, the cosmic entity stops trying to hurt him by clawing deeper and pulls its hand back, a small cloud of electric blue hovering above its open palm. Cas stares at the grace that used to be part of him, waiting for the regret of its absence to kick in, but that doesn’t come either.
While Dean’s fully focused on opening him up, Cas uses the opportunity to roam eager hands all over every part of Dean he can reach, from his trembling thighs over his heaving chest to his wide shoulders, and when Dean sits back on his heels, pulling Cas onto his lap and sliding into him, it feels like coming home. He mutters love confessions interspersed with Dean’s name as they move together lazily, his arms wound tightly around Dean’s back and Dean answers with kisses, both hands buried in Cas’ hair.
“Okay,” Castiel agreed absentmindedly, and he put the cat down onto the ground. It hissed angrily at Castiel before trotting away, probably in the hope of finding the mouse again.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I need to go. I will be back, but I don’t know when,” Jack announces then, and disappears without waiting for a reply.
“Touch me, Dean.”
“Can you say it again? I know it’s usually the birthday person who gets to make wishes, but I wish to hear it…” Cas manages to look desperately unsure of everything even as he looms over Dean, and Dean awaits the bitter rush of fear to flood him in face of being expected to talk about emotions, but it doesn’t come.
“Yeah, angel, let’s go home.”
She arrived barely ten minutes later, carrying a beige coat on her arm. Sam jumped up from his seat to greet her.
“Thank you, Jo, and thank you people for being here. I’m really glad you liked our play. Later tonight, we will have a little surprise for you, so please, don’t leave before that. We promise it will be worth the missed sleep. Until then, enjoy the ball.”
“Wait, what are we going to tell the cops about Castiel?” Dean asked when he saw that Loki was ready to leave.
“Because I can,” the Shadow replies, this time wearing the face of Balthazar’s vessel. It has cycled through a multitude of features, and it seems to have realised that beyond Dean’s, Jack’s and Meg’s, looking like him had the biggest effect.
“Okay,” he muttered, barely audibly. “Thank you for being there for me.”
“Cas, you sure you weren’t a mermaid in your previous life? Or… I don’t know, a frog maybe?” Dean joked, and Castiel glared at him disapprovingly before flicking a fistful of water towards Dean. Only a couple of drops did actually reach him, but they were cold, and that made Dean shiver. “Oh, two can play this game.” He grinned, and splashed Castiel, covering him in huge wet spots from the waist down.
“It’s a long story.”
“I love you,” Castiel whispered, and he kissed Dean. The kiss tasted foul, bitter… It wasn’t a see-you-later kiss, it was a goodbye-I-may-never-see-you-again kiss, and Dean silently begged his lover not to go.
“Okay, girl, you know what? You’re getting a little pushy there; forget that I kinda asked you to marry me,” Dean muttered, and stood up, leaving a Dean-shaped dent in the grass. He fished out the bridle from somewhere under the flowers, put it on the horse, and they headed back to the stables.
“Oh, Dean,” Cas sighs. “Do you really believe that’s all your Heaven would be? That
“Alright, alright,” Dean conceded, and climbed out of bed. Castiel made a point of not looking at the man as he padded across the room to get fresh clothes, knowing that if he did, he would just pull him back into bed, and that would definitely not be a solution. “I'm dressed now.”
“Lean back against me.”
“Great, see you in thirty minutes then,” Castiel said, and then ended the call. A few seconds later his phone beeped, and he knew it was the text with Sam’s number, but he didn’t dial it yet.
“How am I supposed to remember all that?!” Castiel asked, voice rising higher than ever. Gigette was still walking, round after round, not really caring about her rider’s distress.
“Consider my mind changed, for now,” Dean let his head fall back for a moment, and he gasped when eager hands pulled up his t-shirt and a cool flicker of grace whisked his sweatpants away.
“Oh, she’d be ecstatic if she knew, and it would make her feel better immediately, but of course, it’s your decision. I’ll keep my mouth shut.” Chuck nodded, a half-smile slowly replacing the embarrassed expression on his face. “Is that all? I mean, can I go now?”
“Your head is bleeding pretty badly. A paramedic will take a look at it, as soon as they arrive.”
“Mr. Winchester, it can’t possibly be your fault,” she assured him, even though she knew it was all in vain, he would blame himself anyway, no matter what she said. “The accident unit and a medical car will arrive shortly. Is there anything we can do for you? Do you need us to call someone?” She inquired, voice full of sympathy.
A little later Sam and Sarah walked back in.
“We can stick around for a few hours to see if there’s any movement…” Dean suggested, and his previously steely expression softened somewhat.
Dean watched the scene from afar, grinning.
“You think I’m blind or what? Every time he’s around, you only have eyes for him.”
“Yeah, I’m more than okay. You’re wearing Dean’s clothes… You were out the whole night, and you’re wearing Dean’s clothes. Which means, you slept at Dean’s. Oh my gosh, you and Dean! Jesus Christ! Did you have…” She began, but she noticed the stern look Castiel was giving her, and she stopped.
“Yes, angel,” Dean nods, obediently crossing his ankles behind Cas’ back the moment his restraints snap open. Cas slides a pillow underneath Dean’s hips and finally claims his lover’s body as his for now, pushing in with a single, slow but steady move. At first, Dean gives dirty talk a valiant effort but he’s soon reduced to moans only by Cas’ deep, unhurried thrusts; and when he comes, it’s with a barely-there noise, closed eyes and parted lips, his grip on Cas’ wing tightening to almost painful, which tips the angel over into a climax of his own with perfect timing.
“Since when?”
“You don’t know who you’re messing with,” Castiel hissed playfully, and he kicked out. This time his aim was better, and Dean found himself soaking wet in a matter of seconds. He laughed at Dean’s dismayed face, but when his lover started pouting, his heart dropped, and he went to wrap him into his arms. Apparently that was exactly what Dean was hoping, because the moment Castiel got near enough, he poked into his ribs, making him slip on the wet sand, and he ended up on his backside, sitting in the water.
“God, please no. No Disney,” Dean groaned, burying his face into his palms.
“I sat there for four and a half hours before she finally deigned to call for me.” Chuck took over. “I was this close to yelling her head off of her neck, but I really needed someone to take look at my novel, and Blackhawk was the only publisher I haven’t already got a negative answer from, so they were kind of my last chance. So, I gave her my manuscript, she read the first few pages, and…”
“Yeah.” Dean agreed, and he looked up at Date. “Hey, pretty boy. You saved my life, I hope you know that.” The horse looked back at him, and pulled his snout up into a grin.
“I’m having a hard time categorizing myself. That’s kinda the reason I’m here,” Castiel answered, suddenly completely serious and even a little sad.
“No, you really don’t. I’m too charming to be hated. Anyway, how’s the case you’re working on going?” He asked, trying to sound as interested as possible. He wasn’t ready to talk about Castiel just yet, and if Sam asked how he was, there was no way he wouldn’t tell, so he tried to keep Sam away from the topic of his wellbeing.
“I'm indifferent about it.” That wasn't entirely true. Most of the time, he was indifferent, but in that moment, he badly wished he could experience flavors the human way, and share the pie with Dean, as Marie had assumed they would. Instead, he watched Dean clear his plate and lean back with a satisfied groan.
“Dean, even on our best days we are not 'letting' you do anything, you simply make up your mind and do it.” What Castiel didn't add was that he wouldn't complain about Dean indulging in one of the very few things he still enjoyed without any guilt either way, he'd just keep secretly regulating the hunter's cholesterol level and clear his arteries every chance he got as long as he had the power to do so.
“What on earth?” He muttered, trying to sit up. His head was pounding wildly, mouth dry as if someone had stuffed a cotton ball into it, and bitter like medicine. He was still wearing the same clothes he’d worn the day before. The bed was empty, no sheets in sight, only a tan trenchcoat wrapped halfway around his torso. Shucking the coat off of his shoulders, he walked to the window. Looking out, he almost fell on his back in surprise. There was a huge, beautiful Friesian horse on the lawn, with one of its front legs stretched out straight forward, the other bent at the knee, its head bowed down, almost touching the ground. “What on earth?” Dean repeated, rubbing the sleep from his eyes. He was sure that it was just a dream, or a hallucination. It had to be one of those, because trained, Friesian show horses were not exactly known for wandering around, and he would have known if Chuck had bought one. No matter how long he rubbed his eyes though, the horse was still there. The only difference was that it lifted its beautiful head while Dean wasn’t looking, and it was staring up at him from under the long locks of its mane.
“Yeah, I know, I thought so too. I was pretty sure he was. But yesterday I rode him to the rehearsal, and he seemed completely okay with all those people around him, so… I gave it a try.” Dean shrugged, and sat down next to Castiel. “I think he was so excited about jumping that he forgot to freak out because of the audience.”
“Heya, Cas,” Dean says, leaning closer. Cas lets himself be kissed, and he even kisses back, because it chases away the bone-deep exhaustion. Warmth like he’s never felt before floods him, and when Dean twirls him around then dips him like they’re sappy teenagers at a school dance, he laughs freely, until Dean, instead of pulling him back up, eases him down onto the floor and into enveloping darkness.
“Damn, Becky… I’m going to smite her one day.” Castiel blushed slightly. “She told me the same thing. I wonder how she knew I was into you…”
“Shh, Cas. It’s okay, angel. I’m here, it was a nightmare. You’re safe, shh,” Dean answered. He pulled Castiel into his arms, one hand gently caressing his lover’s hair, the other wound tightly around his waist. Castiel buried his face into Dean’s neck, and his fingers dug deep into his back, almost painfully, but Dean didn’t pull away. He knew Castiel needed him more than air in that moment, so he held onto his shivering lover. It took more than ten minutes for Castiel to calm down, and Dean tried his best not to think about how long it would’ve taken if he was not there to hold him.
“So, I had bonus points to begin with?” Castiel asked, and the grin following the question made Dean’s breath hitch, and his face turn a little red.
“I have never done this before,” Castiel admitted softly.
“Just out of curiosity - because this cat cannot get any more killed by it, how did you even get in here?”
“He’s fine. You scared him good, but I’m sure he’ll get over it. He’s a good guy, Dean. The years as a top-notch lawyer changed him a little, but deep down he’s still the boy next door.”
“There was something in the dirt back there. It looked like a bicycle.”
“Where is this coming from all of a sudden?” Dean made an effort to soften his tone. Cas looked ready to smite something, and he definitely didn’t feel like being that something. Whatever was going on with the angel, it manifested itself in an eerily familiar way – if he didn't know any better, he would have thought the half-assed attempt to lock Chuck away, with Castiel about to bear the Mark of Cain, went far enough to affect the angel. Of course, once the dust settled, he'd personally checked that Castiel's arm remained unmarred, just smooth, tanned skin from wrist to elbow, and neither had said anything when Dean had ascertained the fact with his fingers as much as he'd done with his eyes. “Are you pissed at me?”
“Yeah, no, feel free to continue. Although... that,” Dean moaned as Castiel brushed over his cock, “
“You don’t have to stop yourself.” The thought of Castiel taking control, and taking him made Dean’s blood boil.
“What happened to you, angel?” Castiel turned his head around to look at him.
“They carry diseases. Monsters may be nasty but at least you don’t catch the plague from them.”
*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*
“I also know it’s not my business, but… do you think you could talk to Dean once he’s up for it? I’m not blind, or stupid. You two have to stop only holding each other like that when one of you is hurt or dead.”
“But I didn’t die?” Dean prompts, clearly sensing that Cas won’t elaborate on his own.
“I don’t think so,” Castiel shrugged as he let Chuck drag him along. They walked for a few minutes before arriving at the estate’s huge back yard, filled with benches and tables. Some of them had plates full of food on them, some had glasses and bottled drinks scattered on them. In the middle of the meadow, there was an enormous stage, and some people were already gazing at it excitedly from behind their masks. Outdoor lights were placed all over the yard, along with quite a few speakers.
Eventually, Dean managed to switch back into professional mode and finished Cas’ tattoo. It took longer than planned because the noise of the tattoo pen made Jack giggle uncontrollably, to the extent that they had to stop a few times to let him breathe. This ate up most of Dean’s break before his next client, but if he was honest to himself, he didn’t mind.
“Perhaps it's too late for that. Dean, Jack was in danger.
“I have no idea how I am looking at you, but I know why. Because I like looking at you. You’re so beautiful, Dean.”
“You can try…” Castiel shrugged, and began eating. Dean glared daggers at him for a while, before following his example. After a few minutes of silence, Castiel looked up from his plate. “I’m sorry I fell asleep last night. I’m sure that wasn’t how you planned the night to go.”
“Indeed, he said that,” Cas replies, and he’s aware of how uncertain he sounds. He trusts Jack, of course he does, so there’s no reason for Dean to be in pain, but… he is?
“What?”
Instead of a verbal reply, the angel strode forward, and Dean assumed he had a reason for it, so he followed. After several quiet minutes, they passed another ladder, and a few feet from it there was a T-crossing, once again offering them two options.
“I’m Sarah, his brother’s fiancée. He can’t come to the phone now. Can I help you?”
“You have a talent for putting things a certain way, but essentially, yes.”
“What do you mean by different?” Castiel asked, stalling. He hated being called out on his feelings for the older Winchester, and the fact that it came from, essentially, a child – special as he was – wasn't making it any easier.
“It's my fault you didn't know… I kept hurting the people I care about. Sam, Jack, Mom… you,” Dean hiccups.
“Okay then, Weirdy McWeirdertons.” Dean furrowed his eyebrows, and left to finish his work. Five minutes had barely passed before he heard the shriek of the entrance gate.
When Castiel didn’t react, Dean put his hand onto the other man’s thigh, and pushed it up a little, using his other hand to adjust the strap that held the stirrup in place. At his touch Castiel let out a small chuckle, but Dean didn’t notice. He pushed Castiel’s foot back into the stirrup, and took two steps back to see if it was better or worse.
Dean tried to shut her voice out of his head, but her instructions were yelled way too loud for that. After what seemed like an eternity, the accident unit arrived with a fire-engine and an ambulance in tow, and that snapped Dean out of his reverie. He stood up, walked up to his car and sank onto the dark leather seat. He was fighting his tears, and for now, he was winning, but it didn’t make him feel any better. He picked up his phone from where it fell when he dropped it, and called Becky.
“Cas? That you?” Dean croaks. His eyes are closed and he sounds like he’s about to drift off again.
“You... set an alarm for midnight to do this?”
It’s Dean who eventually breaks the spell, tucking the gun away and tentatively stepping closer.
“Hey, don’t pout, it’s not fair,” Castiel scolded him chuckling with a fond expression, and he leaned back in to get another kiss. After they parted, Castiel stood up to clean up the mess they’d made.
“Yeah, that may be a good idea.”
“Unfortunate? Try fucking embarrassing, Cas. When someone walks in on you, it never ceases to be painfully awkward, no matter who it is, or how often it’s happened before.” Dean ran his hand through his hair. “But hey, I wasn’t planning on having sex in the stable again anyway. I tried it once, and let me tell you, it’s not nearly as hot as it seems to be when you’re watching porn. I had rash on my a…”
“Yeah. It was amazing,” Dean nodded, and kissed Castiel’s chest. With a grunt he reached for the package of wet wipes he had left on the floor next to the bed before he left to pick Castiel up, and he cleaned them both up as good as he could without having to really move.
Balthazar rolled his eyes. “Bit slow on the uptake, aren’t we? You know what, don’t answer that,” he shrugged, rolling right over Dean’s indignant splutter. “I’m talking about Castiel.”
“Yes. He got me out of the Empty, and he’s the one who healed you.”
A few of the songs are featured in the story, but the majority of them were just chosen because of their lyrics.
The next time Dean wakes is barely two hours later, and it’s still only around 3am, but he’s clearly more lucid, and he zeroes in on Cas immediately.
Cas stares his fill and for once, Dean’s not complaining about it, amping up the heat instead by slowly rolling his hips against the air, as if the angel was still sitting there on his lap. Dean
“Hey, Cas.”
A sob rises in Cas’ throat, and he opens his mouth to set it free, but instead a growl comes out. “No.”
“I think I could easily keep doing it even longer than that,” Dean raised his eyebrow, and to prove his point, he dove in to kiss the angel long enough to make him gasp for air once they parted.
“You were upset when we got back, and you didn't even have dinner, so I came to check on you.”
“Why are you doing this?” Cas asks, exhausted after listening to a drunken, rambled prayer from Dean.
“Thanks, Cas.” Dean did his best to not sound disappointed at the loss of Castiel's proximity, silently cursing himself for not keeping the angel close, for not pulling him back, for not kissing him when he had a chance. As soon as this registered in the conscious part of his brain, he felt a major freak-out rising, but he stowed it away with the promise that he'd let it loose when there wasn't a being who could possibly pick up on his thoughts right next to him. He kicked the manhole cover one more time for good measure, and gestured towards the remainder of the facility. “We'll have to check the rest tomorrow, not in the mood to do it now,” he continued and turned to leave, closing himself off.
“I’m sorry. So, you’re human now?”
Right after Dean stopped the Impala in front of the garage, he got out of it, and went to check on the horses. Even without him saying it out loud, Castiel knew he had to leave him alone for a while, so he stayed near the car, waiting for him to return. A few minutes passed in silence before there was an incredibly loud scream to be heard. Worriedly, Castiel set off towards the source of the voice, only to find Chuck’s cat sitting a few feet away from the stable’s gate, paw held against its bleeding nose.
“Good evening, I’m Sergeant Ruby McBridge, and I’m looking for Dean Winchester.”
“That’s Crystal’s way of saying hello. She’s really annoying sometimes, especially during longer rides, when you try to sleep at night. She keeps nudging you until you give up trying, and start playing with her. We had her since she was a scrawny little foal, and look at her now, all big and beautiful,” Dean said, pride evident in his voice. Castiel eyed the mare with distrust for a while, but then she whickered, almost as if she was apologizing, and his gaze softened at that.
Cas lets out a chuckle, which then turns into a laugh, becoming slightly hysteric as it goes on, and he laughs still when he gathers Dean into his arms. He doesn’t even know where to put his hands, he wants them everywhere at once so he could feel Dean’s
“You’re quite welcome!” She laughed, and leaned down to kiss him.
“Shocking,” Sam shook his head. There was sarcasm in his voice, but also fondness, and he punched Dean's shoulder, just hard enough to make him feel it. “I told you before. Call him.”
“Uh-oh, that’s never a good thing,” Cas deadpans and Dean whacks his upper arm with very little force. “Ow.”
“Of course I’m the girl.” Castiel complained, but Dean made him silent by pressing two fingers against his lover’s full lips.
“No!” Cas says vehemently. “Why are you so intent on discussing this?”
An ambulance came to check up on Gloria, and soon after that her parents arrived too. It turned out that she was supposed to be on a field trip with her class on the Harvelle Estate, but she ran off when no one noticed. Her mother scolded her, but she was too happy to be really angry. Tears were streaming from her eyes when she thanked Dean, and Gloria’s father seemed to be close to tears too. When no one was looking, Dean climbed onto Date’s back, and they trotted home.
They arrived a few minutes after six at the Harvelle Estate and before they went through the front gate, they put on their masks. Castiel’s was a sky blue with some sparkly silver and darker blue decoration on it. At first he found it totally uncomfortable but after a few minutes he got used to it. Also, when he had tried his outfit on before the party, Dean had said it looked great with the gray suit, blue shirt and gray, almost silvery tie he wore, and that was a big plus point. They chose his mask together but he hadn’t seen Dean’s yet. Chuck wore a simple white lace half-face mask with his black tuxedo-white shirt combo.
‘They will be here soon. Don’t worry,” Chuck answered with a grin. A few seconds later Bobby and Ellen appeared on the stage, holding microphones.
“I probably won’t be here when you come back. I want to take Fiamma out for a ride sometime later, she hasn’t been out in ages.”
“Dean, it’s me, Castiel, and I come bearing gifts.” Dean could hear the smile in his lover’s voice, and when he opened the door, he saw that Castiel was in fact smiling from ear to ear. “Good morning,” he said kissing Dean quickly on the lips. “I brought you some coffee and a few donuts, I hope you like them.”
“It wasn’t that hard.” Castiel waved his hand. “But thanks anyway.”
“Scared my horse halfway to death. Well, that’s not what I’m glad about, but… It’s good you’re here, I guess,” he muttered. He felt his ears burn, and he was grateful for the shadow of the tree they were sitting under, as it covered most of his face, possibly hiding his blush from Castiel.
“Thanks for that description. Really, I’m touched.” Chuck faked wiping a tear from his left eye. “But now that you mentioned that significant other thing… I’m kinda flirting with the idea of proposing to her, I’m just not sure how she’d react to that.”
“Yes. It’s actually a warding-slash-protection spell in Enochian, the language of Biblical angels. There’s… well, there’s a story to it,” Cas chuckled.
“I’m sure you’re not the only one. But we can’t do much about it.”
As soon as Dean was up and running, barely having finished his coffee, he dove straight into finding a case, not even waiting for Sam to agree. In fact, the younger Winchester replied with a firm, categorical 'no' when his brother laid out the facts of what looked like a typical vampire attack with two victims, less than 190 miles away from Lebanon. Dean was unusually excited about something that sounded so mundane.
“Maybe, but I should have tried talking to you first.”
“Let’s check it out,” Dean said, and he got out of the car. Castiel followed his example, and they slowly walked towards the object. As they got nearer, it got easier and easier to determine that it was in fact a bicycle, a red child’s bike. “We should stay away from it,” Dean grabbed his lover’s arm, holding him back, “Call the police. We have to stay here until they arrive.” Castiel nodded, and pulled out his cell phone.
“It was a performance, alright... It must have been some time around there, because I only kissed her to see your reaction,” Castiel pouted, a sheepish look in his eyes.
The words resonated deep in him, and it hurt, but it felt cleansing at the same time, and his breathing slowed. The song ended, and the random shuffle clearly decided to push his buttons even further. For a second, he wondered if this was Chuck at play again, toying with his existence like it was nothing, and his perceived inability to tell what was real and what wasn't threatened to paralyze him. Instead of prodding at all that, he went back to the music, and the lyrics.
“I know… Up front they bite, in the back they kick, and in the middle they’re merely uncomfortable, right?’ Dean joked, quoting Castiel from the day he first met them.
“Next to her, that’s Diamond. I already mentioned him before, he’s not ours, we’re just taking care of him. He’s a gelding, and I honestly don’t want to know how he’d act if he still had his balls. If you want to see a perfect temper tantrum thrown by a horse, let me know, and I’ll anger him a little for you.” Dean grinned, and despite everything he just said, he reached through the door to pet Diamond’s nose. For a moment the horse seemed to even enjoy the touch, but then he laid back his ears, and Dean pulled his hand back.
“What can I say? It’s my natural charm that makes me irresistible. You couldn’t resist either,” he joked.
“That’s what I think, yes. That doesn’t mean that there won’t be any evidence proving otherwise, even less that it’s true, but that’s what the signs we found point towards.” Ruby explained, and held out the coat towards Dean, “You can take it, if you want it. We have already examined it, there is nothing on it we could use.”
1. gee-gee: a kid-word for horse, mostly used in the UK, but I found it incredibly adorable, so I thought I’d use it 
“We won’t be able to stay down there for too long, but we’ll have enough time to take a good look around,” Dean explained, and he opened the rotting wooden door, which shrieked loudly on its rusty hinges. “The legend has it that this wash-house once belonged to an old and ugly witch. No one knew her Christian name, only her family name, Kaiser. And they called her the Awful One. According to the myth, she wore black clothes, her hair was unkempt and greasy, she was warty, her eyes small like a rat’s… well, all in all, half of the neighborhood had nightmares featuring her, she was like an iron-nosed witch in a fairytale. The room we’re now standing in was her kitchen. The actual wash-house is at the other end of the building.”
, Sam? For what?”
It should NOT be our job to give these characters a worthy ending. It should not be our job to give them the respect, the care, the love they deserved, but, alas… it is our job.
“She was with me also while I had the powers. That was… peculiar. I let her go and gave her God’s might. I trusted her with it. What is that saying - her heart is in the right place?” Jack squints and Cas can’t help but smile at his expression.
“Don’t worry about that, I’m sure we can figure something out,” they heard Becky’s voice from behind them. “I was just looking for Castiel to invite him.”
Cas runs his hands down Dean’s chest, raising goosebumps in their wake - Dean’s body is so responsive that he barely even has to touch his nipples for them to fully harden. Cas knows he’s about to deviate from the video, but he’s pretty sure Dean won’t mind, so he leans down to kiss one of the tempting little nubs, proceeding to lick it and suck it into his mouth until every swipe of his tongue makes Dean moan, then shifts to the other one to give it the same treatment. To round off, he blows cool air onto the wet, spit-slick peaks and Dean hisses, his back arching off the bed.
“Cas. Look at me. C’mon, look at me.” Gently, he forced Castiel to lift his head by pushing at his chin. “You’re not damaged goods. And even if you were… I don’t care. You’re still a keeper, no matter what. Just… please, don’t talk about yourself like that. Not now, not ever. Okay?” He looked deep into his lover’s eyes, trying to tell him everything, without having to use further words. For a while Castiel looked like he was going to argue, but the look in Dean’s eyes convinced him otherwise.
“Hey, man, I’m sorry, I’ve gotta run now. I completely forgot I have to give a riding lesson at half past four, and it’s actually four forty. Just leave that shit, I’ll finish it… eventually. See you later,” he gabbled, and hurried out of the storage room. He heard Castiel’s answer faintly, but he couldn’t understand what he was saying.
I struggled a lot with this fic. As much as I hated the canon ending, I hated the idea of retconning it just as much (I beg you Jack, make it make sense!), so I tried to stick with Heaven, and I even had ideas I was fond of involving Dean’s eternity there, but… it all felt fake, dishonest and empty. To me, even a better than canon Heaven is disappointing without Dean having lived a full Earth life. To me, that would not be an ascension for Dean because he IS humanity, with all of its physical and carnal aspects. Earth life is worthy and precious and he deserved that.
“It’s so not fair. You’ve been here a couple of weeks, and some horses already like you better than me,” Dean complained, but Castiel knew he didn’t mean it.
Cas chuckles again - maybe his speech was worth something, after all. “You’re right, I didn’t want his blood on your hands. Not unless it was unavoidable.”
“Yeah, so you have something you can completely ignore, right? Remind me again, why did we even agree to use my and Sam’s names and base the characters of your novels on us?”
Later that day Dean took Devil’s Advocate out for a ride. Despite his size, Date was amazingly graceful, his steps light, almost as if he was dancing. He was also incredibly good at following both vocal and touch-transmitted instructions, reacting quickly and effectively to all of them. Dean didn’t know how used to running Date was, so he made it easy on him, but when they heard something that sounded like a young girl’s scream, Date shot off at break-neck speed towards the source of it without being prompted to.
,” Castiel snapped angrily. Only then did Sam seem to take in that he was wearing Dean's clothes and raise an eyebrow, but Castiel was definitely not in the mood to address that particular situation. He pulled out of Sam's grasp and stalked off.
“My life. I’ve been raised in a big family. Brothers, sisters, cousins, nieces, nephews, the whole deal. If I wanted to get something, or achieve something, I had to work really hard – and alone – for it, and after a while I just didn’t care anymore about how many people I had to trample down. I lost the old me somewhere around halfway into law school, and I didn’t lift a finger to get it back, because it was easier, not to care. Almost everyone I cared about had left me, and that only made me work harder.
“I’ll have a beer too, thanks.”
“All I could think of was saving you, Dean. You don’t get to be angry at me for that!” Cas yelled, desperation raising the pitch of his voice.
“Not – not you, just… fuck, this is coming out all wrong.”
“I assumed you'd want to partake in both?” Castiel finally reacted then, but he sounded disappointed for some reason.
“You okay?” Dean asks, sounding and looking concerned.
“Yes, I did. It was a pleasure. But how did you get Judas to be this calm in front of this crowd? You said he was afraid of strangers.”
“Eww, Becksie, thanks for that image.” Chuck stuck his tongue out disgustedly.
“I am making perfect sense. You think anything that’s meant to happen will happen no matter what, and you’re absolving yourself of any responsibility.”
“Okay,” he replied, pulling the angel into another kiss.
“Yeah, try to explain away your report.”
“I am sure she’d be happy, and she’d say yes before you finished the question, but you’re asking for a relationship advice from me? You know my longest relationship with a human being lasted for a month, right?”
“Neither did I. But what’s worse is that he scared Judas yesterday during our ride-outs, and I managed to give Castiel a rap over the knuckles before I knew who he was, and even though I apologized, and he forgave me, I feel like crap. Then this morning, I invited him to meet my kids. All was going well, he was even starting to get a little touchy-feely with Gig, and then Judas. We were talking, and then all of a sudden he threw a lame excuse my way, and left me without looking back,” Dean rambled.
“Nothing is
“You’re cold,” Dean observed, and Castiel nodded, “We could go in, it’s warmer there.”
Dean ducks his head as Jody’s “mom voice” tries to work its magic on him. “I’m not hijacking anything! Can someone explain why my kitchen and my… Cas are head-to-toe covered in flour?”
Whistling loudly he started walking towards his house. Looking at his clock, he saw that he had a few minutes before Castiel would arrive, so he hoped he could at least change clothes. As he got nearer to the house, he saw that there was someone laying on the porch swing.
~.~.~.~.~.~
“It’s only fair,” Dean shrugs and Cas drinks in the sight of his bare torso hungrily. He’s looking down at first so Cas cannot see his eyes, only the long shadows of his lashes cast onto his freckled face, but then he lifts his gaze and fixes it on Cas’ own. His eyes appear darker than usual in the dim light, a deep forest green, but they pull Cas under their spell just like they always do. “Why are you looking at me like that?”
It took him quite some time to get rid of the haunting memory of the beaten man, but that while didn’t last long. When he finally fell asleep, he dreamt of him. In his dream, he caressed the man’s broken face until it healed: the ripped skin stitched itself together, the bruises faded, the blood washed itself away wherever he touched, but even though everything seemed to get better, two things wouldn’t change. He still couldn’t really see the man’s healed face, no matter how hard he tried, it remained fuzzy, smudgy like a bad, out of focus photograph; and that scared, painful look in the man’s eyes stayed too.
“Okay, point taken,” Dean concedes. “Either way, it’s good to have you back, buddy.”
“You’re preaching to the choir here. I’ve been on the receiving end of her cheeriness quite a few times. I just hope she won’t try to set any of us up with a nice someone we could make such a cute couple with,” Castiel said, imitating Becky on the last few words, and then he shuddered in mock horror. Dean let out an entirely unmanly giggle at that, before getting himself back under control.
“This is not real,” Cas shakes his head. “You’re not real. I’m not sure if I am.”
it, too. But I had to stop you from saying it out loud, because of the deal. That’s why I knew I couldn’t have the one thing I wanted. Because I wasn’t allowed to have it.”
Despite being restrained, Dean does his best to move with him and tries to match his pace, tugging on Cas’ wing at the same time. Grinding against each other like that is glorious, but they’ve had sex enough times now for Cas to know what endgame they both prefer, so he pulls away long enough to run a hand past Dean’s cock to rub his rim through the satin.
“Let me try again. I’m here. Really here.”
“Only some of it?”
“That wasn’t exactly fair,” Castiel growled complainingly, but Dean flashed a bright smile at him.
“I don't mind.” Castiel's fingers wound themselves around Dean's tie and pulled, until the hunter's chest was flush against the angel's. Both froze at the sudden contact, and they remained like that for what could have been a few seconds or half an eternity. Then, Castiel jumped back as if something burned him, letting Dean's tie slide from his fist, and he dried the man off with an invisible flash of his grace. “There you go.”
“C’mon now, let me show you how to get this shit done.”
“Of course. I won’t leave before eight anyway, so you can go back and get some more sleep. Or do something entirely else.” She winked, and before any one of them could have scolded her for being… well, Becky, she left.
“I love you,” he sighs. Dean doesn’t reply, but he doesn’t stop touching Castiel either. A few minutes pass before he speaks, and even then, it’s just a quiet instruction as Dean shifts until Cas finds himself in the vee of casually spread bowlegs.
In the end, Arnod and Abigail got married, and rode off to live happily ever after, getting a standing ovation from the audience. Joanna introduced the actors, one by one. Dean and Becky were the last ones, and they got the loudest applause. Joanna gave a microphone to Dean, and he smiled at her.
After Castiel retreated to the guest room, and Dean left too, Becky grinned at her boyfriend while clearing the table.
“There’s nothing to give a chance to,” Dean was close to yelling at this point. He hated how well Chuck and Becky knew him, how he wasn’t able to hide something as mundane as a little crush from them. Becky just rolled her eyes at that, before starting to sing.
“Exactly. How many times have I asked you not to do anything stupid? To think of the consequences? Fuck this, it's like the world's crappiest merry-go-round. And then, the cherry on top of the whole goddamn mess, you kept it secret.”
“Gods, you two are more disgusting than the sappiest romantic movie ever made.” Loki stuck out his tongue disgustedly.
“You know, Crystal, if you were a human girl, I’d marry you in a heartbeat,” Dean whispered, playfully caressing the mare’s head. Crystal snorted, as if she’d found the idea stupid, and continued nurturing herself, without even looking at him for the better part of an hour. When she felt full though, she immediately signaled her need to head back to the stables, mostly by gently kicking his feet.
Dean pushes himself forward, purpose in his movements. He stops just a few inches away from Cas, and he leans even closer, until their noses touch. “Cas…”
“Calm down. Hold onto her with your legs. Push your heels down, so that your toes point towards the sky. Try to angle your feet so that the inner rim of your soles is a little higher than the outer, that will make your work easier if you have to nudge her. Your knees and thighs should be connected to the horse at any given time, that’s how you’ll keep yourself on their back, by holding onto them tight.”
“Hello, Jack,” he couldn't help but smile, turning around to look at the nephilim. Jack – the kind, caring Jack he thought was lost forever – was like a ray of sunshine, warm and bright. The four of them were still working on settling into a routine now that the kid had his soul back, but it was getting more comfortable each day. Jack plopped down opposite Castiel and studied the angel carefully.
“Okay, let’s go,” Castiel agreed, and taking Dean’s hand into his they made their way to the pond. Ever since Castiel had first seen that little lake, it was his favorite place. He spent hours just sitting on the shore, feet in the water, but sometimes, when he found the temperatures okay, he even swam in it.
“Well, you were kinda up in my personal space, staring at me with those baby blues almost all the time since the first dinner with the four of us.”
“Hey Charles, please tell me my two o’clock is late,” Dean said as he stepped into the reception area of his tattoo studio, trying to straighten his cramping fingers that had just spent hours holding a tool while Dean worked on an intricate, lengthy design. The appointment had run over slightly because both Dean and the client had wanted to finish the process.
The sound indeed came from a little girl. She was struggling to get away from a masked man, who tried to drag her to his minivan. Dean didn’t even really have the time to analyze the situation they rode right into the middle of, before the man pulled out a knife, holding it to the child’s throat.
“Then save him!”
“I’m sorry. I thought you heard me coming in. The gate was shrieking quite loudly when moved, I was sure you noticed that. My bad,” Castiel apologized, leaning against the wall.
“It's not your fault, kid,” he croaks out eventually, and Jack nods solemnly in reply before moving over to the back door, opening it. Dean still doesn't turn.
“You look like one of the Great British Bake Off contestants, but with fewer clothes... and lots of flour, what the hell are you even doing?” Dean guffaws.
“Why are you even thinking about that? We’re both here now.”
“I see. What’s the last thing you can clearly remember?” Dr. Roberts asked, trying to distract Dean while she freed him from the catheter and the IV needle.
“Nah, I’m up. What d’ya have there?” Dean rubbed his eyes and ran a hand through his bedhead.
The Bunker is haunted. It's haunted by two faint apparitions of humanity who mostly pass each other by in the corridors like ships in the night, silent and distant.
Cas props himself up on his elbows, looking up at Dean sternly. “Dean Winchester, what part of
“I’m sorry.” He mumbled, and hurried out of the house. He went to check up on Judas, but even the horse looked at him like he screwed something royally up.
“I'm not,” the angel shook his head. While having his wings wrapped around the man felt like cool, healing balm on his damaged feathers and the spots that were missing them completely, the weight of dread still sat heavy in his stomach.
“C’mon Cas, turn around. Let me take care of you.”
touching you.”
“Have you asked Castiel about this?”
Cas’ chuckle changed into full-blown laughter. “Yes. I have to say I wasn’t expecting you to know that. In fact, all my siblings have angel names, except for Luke, but only because they wouldn’t allow my parents to officially name him Lucifer…”
“Maybe I am rushing it, maybe I’m not, but I just have to ask. Technically you’re living with me already anyway, so… do you want to officially move in with me? You know, I mean the changing addresses - moving all your stuff into my house - maybe buy another dresser for your clothes kinda moving,” Dean gabbled, shyly blushing a little. Castiel’s breath hitched, and for a moment he looked scared halfway to death, before he crushed his mouth against Dean’s in a clumsy, sloppy, yet oh-so-good kiss.
“Hey, man. What did I just say about not being Quasimodo?” He scolded Castiel, who had hunched over again while Dean was busy. “Should I get a wooden board and tie it onto your back to keep it straight?” he joked. Castiel shot him a clearly disapproving look, and even Gigette snorted. “Okay, no wooden board then. Let me adjust the other strap too, and you’re good to go,” Dean said, and a few seconds later he was ready. Quickly, he ran his hands over Castiel’s thighs to make sure he was holding on, before he clicked with his tongue, and slowly, Gigette started walking.
“You know, she’s actually right,” Chuck piped in.
“Semantics. I want to be able to touch you when I want to, and not care about who might see it.”
When he lands in a broken heap after being thrown from a third-floor window, and he can see someone - who he assumes is Billie's successor – out of the corner of his eye, beckoning him, he
“Ben, Lisa, sorry I’m late, I had a few things to take care of. Let me check how muddy the practice track is, we may have to use the arena this time. Kid, feel free to grab the longe, you know where I keep it, and bring Gigette out, okay?”
“Is this about the…” Castiel began, but Becky poked him into the ribs. “Ouch.” He glared at the girl, but kept his mouth shut.
“No.”
“Come on, we need to move before we fall asleep right here in this sacred place,” He nudged Dean.
“Around five-six minutes by car, probably…why are you asking?” Dean answered.
“It’s not even 5am yet. No one else is up,” Dean counters, shamelessly rocking his hips forward into Cas’ at the same time.
“You see? I’m not kidding.” He smiled, and then pointed at the horse behind the next door. “That beauty over there is Gigette, the best horse to learn riding on. She’s amazing. You are amazing, Gig, aren’t you?” He cooed, running his fingers through her mane. “She was the first horse in the stable. Actually, she’s the only one who’s been here longer than I have, and that ought to tell you something, because this is my 15th year here.”
“For… all this. I’m damaged goods,” he answered, his voice full of shame, and that broke Dean’s heart.
“I don’t think it’s going to take long now for him to trust you just as he trusts me.” Dean smiled, and nodded towards the gelding who was lovingly mouthing at Becky’s neck. “I’m going to take him out for another ride a bit later, just to see what he knows about jumping, and if we manage to survive that without any problems, you can start working with him on your own, okay?”
“Thanks. Hey, Dean.”
“That was… close.” Castiel sighed. “Taking no for an answer certainly doesn’t seem to be her forte.”
He started counting the passing seconds as he inched his hand towards the gun he always kept under his pillow, knowing that one hasty move could undo all previous effort. After what felt like an eternity, his fingers finally closed around the grip, and holding his breath, he spun around, cocking and lifting the gun.
“How close do you live?”
“I have no idea. This has never happened to me before.” A shiver ran through Castiel and his wings twitched in sync with it. “It's like they are in control of themselves,” he said, wondering if this was an effect of his waning grace. His wings had been in a bad shape for longer than he cared to recall, but more recently, at least they weren't getting physically worse.
“Fuck this,” Dean continued cussing as he climbed out of what seemed to be a sewer entrance in the ground a few feet ahead. “How the shit does metal snap in half?” He straightened up, kicking the broken manhole cover like a petulant child. Castiel took in Dean's state: He was soaking wet from head to toe, his hair was flattened and he had dirty water streaming down his scowling face. With a disgusted groan, he flicked a piece of something unidentifiable off the collar of his ruined dress shirt then lifted his head to look at  Castiel. “Cas... CAS!”
“Becky, don’t go all fangirl on us, please,” Dean groaned, but deep down he was glad that Becky was so sure of Castiel and him eventually ending up as a couple.
“I mean that I just found our next movie night.
The Empty, as a realm, felt wrong in ways that not even Hell did. It fought against every part of Dean - body and soul -, sending both metaphorical and physical shivers down his spine. It wanted Dean out, and Dean wanted Dean out too, but not alone. Not without his angel.
“Yes, Dean?”
Almost immediately they were welcomed by an elderly couple, and a young blonde woman, also wearing masks. Chuck smiled widely as he hugged the man, and kissed the women’s cheeks, trying not to knock the masks out of place.
“Gloria,” she answered, lips trembling, her huge brown eyes filled with tears.
“I never thought I'd make it into my forties is all,” Dean confessed quietly some time later, and turned on the radio, considering the conversation closed.
Eventually he did, but it didn’t last long. Just a few hours later he was woken up by Castiel, who was shaking badly enough to make the bed move under them.
By his side, Jack nods, his eyes glowing, and Cas takes two steps back, pulling Dean along with him. They both scream, Dean in pain, Cas in anguish but finally Dean’s free of the rebar and Jack’s hand is on his back, healing the damage.
"I've never thanked you." Dean began. They’d been back to Earth for a few hours by then, having found their way back to the portal and squeezing through it just in time before the Shadow could’ve caught up with them - a simple, relatively easy escape for once. Balthazar had tagged along because neither Dean nor Cas had seen a reason to argue with him about it, but he hadn’t stuck around afterwards. Jack, Sam and Eileen on the other hand, overjoyed about Cas’ return, had insisted on spending some time together, ‘as a family’ in Jack’s words, and maybe Dean didn’t quite mind any of that. Now however, safely ensconced behind the locked door of his bedroom, it was just him and Cas, the angel’s presence warm yet daunting at the same time.
“Maybe, but just because I’m fucked up beyond all repair, it doesn't mean you should be too.”
“It was right there, and I didn't have mine on me,” the older Winchester replied with a shrug. “It's not a big deal, I don't know why you think it warrants bitchface #5...”
“Sort of,” Jack replies. A smile sits on his face, but it’s strange and out-of-place, and Cas gets the urge to put a distance between himself and the expression that fills him with unease. “I will explain everything, but now we need to find the Shadow and get it to let you out.”
“Yeah. Try to lean forward, and scratch Gigette’s ears. She likes that.”
“Comin’ right up!” She winked, and walked back to the counter. Soon she returned with two bottles of beer on her tray. “I almost forgot to ask, did you by any chance arrive on horseback?”
Dean stretched in bed, yawning loudly. He rubbed his eyes, and turned around to face his lover, who was still asleep next to him, excessively pouting in his dream. Dean watched him for a while, trying to burn his sight deep into his brain, to remember the moment forever. Smiling, he brushed a lock of dark hair out of Castiel’s face, and then leaned down to kiss that pouty, tempting mouth. Castiel parted his lips instinctively, allowing access for Dean’s tongue to caress his. Dean felt like he could get addicted to kissing Castiel, and even though the thought scared him a little, he didn’t let go of him, not for a second. He closed his eyes, relishing in his lover’s closeness, and by the time he opened them again, two bright blue eyes were looking back at him, still a little clouded with sleep.
“I have a terrible suspicion.” Castiel began seriously. “Either you keep that stuff always in your reach, or… you planned this whole thing. You were planning to get me laid, weren’t you?” He tried to keep the façade of the mock-anger up, but it didn’t work out that well, and soon he was chuckling.
“We don’t have time for this!” he yells and pushes the younger Winchester aside which ends with Sam flat on his ass, having slipped on the dusty floor. Left arm holding Dean in place, Cas lifts his right hand, reaching out for Dean, trying to heal him, but nothing happens, of course it doesn’t, and he growls in frustration as he remembers. “Dean, stay with me. You have to fight, you hear me?!” A very quiet groan comes from Dean, but Cas chooses to interpret it as “yes”, and he shouts. “JACK!”
“Hey, Date. Come here, baby,” Dean clicked his tongue, trying to lure the horse closer. He knew Date was smarter than most horses, and suspected that he was smarter than some humans. Nudging the other horses out of his way, Date walked up to Dean. “Help me, sweetheart, please,” Dean begged, and he kicked the back door repeatedly while looking straight into Date’s eyes, trying to explain his plan to him. When another flame broke through the wall, Mirage reared up, knocking a stall door open with his front hooves in the process. Apparently that was all Devil’s Advocate needed to add two and two together in his pretty head, and get four as the result. He copied Mirage’s movement, and standing on his hind legs, he kicked the door with the front ones. “That’s it, gorgeous, that’s it,” Dean said, and he smiled when Crystal began helping. The smoke was suffocating, and Dean doubled over in a coughing fit. He pulled up the neck of his t-shirt to cover his face, and he began wetting the blankets in a water trough.
“I love you,” he whispered, pulling his lover into a tight hug.
“Hey, Chuck, please don’t tell a word to Becky about this, okay?” Dean called out, and that made Chuck stop, turning back to them with a questioning look on his face. “We didn’t want to tell you about this yet, and we’d like to wait with it until Becky feels a little better.”
“I’m right here,” Cas replies, and he settles down by Dean’s side, cross-legged and facing his lover. With a flash of his grace, he summons his wings into the physical dimension and curls them until it’s just the very tip of them brushing Dean’s skin. They only found out by accident that Dean was capable of safely perceiving them in their fullest earthly presence when they manifested on their own the first time Cas had an orgasm as an angel, trashing half the room with them in the process.
“And I will. But it hasn't come up yet.”
“So,” Dean began, “It’s a simple black design, correct? Four rows of symbols?”
go along for his brother, no matter how much he wants to, deep down. Everything hurts but he fights, and prays as long as he can stay awake.
His inner turmoil settled gradually, and his eyelids grew heavy with exhaustion.
“Sleep, my love.”
“Maybe!”
“Hey, Cas! Stop!” He called out after his lover, and without waiting, he jumped off his horse’s back.
“Yay,” Castiel groans sarcastically as he tumbles into a vision of himself on the Bunker archive floor again.
“Yes, it was,” Castiel nodded, and he lifted his head. “This is not exactly how I wanted to do it, but this is a history book-worthy moment, so…” He began, and pulled something out of the bedside drawer. Dean’s eyes went as wide as saucers when he noticed the tiny, blue phone booth-shaped box in Castiel’s hand.
“Nothing unusual. Sam is a bit bruised, but he'll be fine.” Castiel tried to play it cool, despite still feeling weak and useless over Sam’s refusal of being healed, especially because if Castiel had been quicker at torching the bones, he wouldn’t have gotten injured at all. “Dean will be itching to go for another hunt by tomorrow lunchtime...”
“Damn, Cas, I am so sorry, I just didn’t think before I blabbered off. I didn’t want to…” Dean began, but Castiel turned around fully, and put his fingers on Dean’s lips.
“Yeah, I think so. I just finished my last lesson for today, and I can ask Becky to bring the horses in for the night.”
“Before you left, you were telling me about the Seven Wonders of the Ancient World,” Jack prompted after a pause.
“I will think about it, but for now, I'd like to remain Castiel and kiss you again, Dean.”
“Best laid plans and all that,” Cas shrugs, by now determined to get out. “I’m bothering you all the time, aren’t I?” he stalks towards the Shadow, easily towering over it.
Castiel jumped to his feet, his trenchcoat falling to the floor, leaving him naked. He thought that was strangely fitting as he opened his mouth to shout, “Yes, maybe I was afraid because every time I make a mistake, no matter how small, you proceed to cut me off! You scream at me, you fling words at me like blades, then kick me aside! Every time, without fail! How do you think that feels?”
After he arrived back at the Shurley estate both mentally and physically exhausted, he spent a few hours trying to track down anyone who could know anything about a lost Friesian. He called every horse ranch, circus and horse show in a sixty miles radius, but it seemed like Devil’s Advocate didn’t even exist. Dean posted entries on several online forums about horses, hoping to hear from the horse’s owner soon, but until that happened, he decided to handle the horse as if it was one of their own. Becky squealed with delight when she saw the horse, nicknaming him Date immediately after Dean told her his name. Dean found the nickname stupid at first, but Becky repeated it so many times while she helped Dean scrubbing the horse down, that it stuck.
“Maybe we could buy new fences, a bit higher ones,” a female voice said from behind Dean. He turned around, and saw Becky standing there, with a grin wide enough to match his. “At
Dean groans. “Alright, cool it with the air quotes there, and maybe stop repeating the word ‘putting out’ while you’re at it.”
“I know, and I’m sure he knows it too, he’s just trying not to grasp at straws,” Sam answered, and he wrapped his arms around his fiancée. “This is so not what was supposed to happen tonight,” he whispered, sinking down onto the couch and pulling Sarah with him. “Dean said he was going to ask Castiel to move in with him, and we were going to tell him that we’re engaged, it was supposed to be a fun night…”
Chapter title shamelessly pinched from
“Vampires are nocturnal,” Castiel pointed out.
“I wasn't –” the angel began but he caught the glint of mischief in Dean's eyes and he trailed off, silence descending on them.
“No problem, I wasn’t really looking either. It seems like we keep butting heads,” Castiel answered, looking quite nonchalantly, even though he was everything but. He let his eyes roam over Dean’s body, truly appreciating the view. “You’re wet,” he observed.
“Hey Sam, before you go, please turn the TV on.”
“You said that about the ghost we put to rest
“Don’t ask stupid questions,” Cas groans. He can feel Dean’s smile against the crook of his neck for a second before there’s a playful graze of teeth in the same spot, and he knows he’s about to get the first hickey of his life. Dean sneaks his hand up underneath Cas’ shirt, brushing against his stomach, trying and failing to inch further up in the confines of the stiff fabric. In the end he gives up and skims down Cas’ side over his tattoo, then slips out entirely to toy with the buttons of the garment, starting on the bottom to undo them one by one.
“I’ll be ‘
“I'm fine. Don't worry.”
“Now you will,” Dean said, picking her up and put her onto Date’s back. “Hold on tight!” He instructed her, and walked up to the man who was still lying on the ground, deadly still by now. Just for safety’s sake, Dean kicked the knife even farther away, even though the man was unconscious. While dialing the police and then talking to the dispatcher, Dean pulled off the man’s mask. The sneer seemed to be permanently frozen onto his face, but other than that, he looked like a normal, ordinary guy, nothing special or creepy about him. Except his bloodshot eyes, which popped open when Dean bent closer, and the man grabbed his neck. Gloria screamed again, hugging Date’s neck tightly.
“You’re not,” Dean replies hesitantly, still not meeting Cas’ eyes. “But maybe I’m not enough.”
Castiel stood outside Dean's door, listening to that deep, raw voice as he sang. The angel leaned against the wall, silently taking it all in. His fingers curled and uncurled absentmindedly as he held the clothes whose return he was intending to use as a cover to go and see Dean. Even with his grace depleted as it was, Dean's emotions registered as if they were a prayer, unintended but rather powerful. For a moment, he wondered if he should leave; if this was an invasion of Dean’s privacy, but he remained, enthralled by the songs and the emotions behind them.
were awesome.”
“Do I look like a maid to you?” Dean inquired dryly, but a few seconds later he stood up to help.
“You too.”
“That’s Jack, my son,” Castiel explained with a soft expression, lifting the carrier a little higher. “Say hi!”
Dean groans and opens his mouth, about to argue, but Cas simply lays a finger across his lips then continues.
“We wouldn’t dare to dream about bargaining for more,” Castiel said softly. “Loki, please help the horses get out in one piece, and leave Devil’s Advocate with us, even though I have no idea who or what that is. Thank you.”
“I’m not that into horses.”
“Are you trying to kill me?” Castiel inquired, sounding surprisingly calm.
“Is eight o’clock okay for you?”
“In a way,” Jack concedes, turning to look at Cas with a faint smile. “I think Amara will handle it better than I ever would.”
Time was an interesting thing, or at least that’s what Castiel thought about it. In a weird way minutes seemed to drag on forever, never wanting to end, while hours flew by with a loud whooshing sound he could imagine so well he was actually hearing it. He showered, shaved and then spent half an hour deciding what to wear, before finally settling for a pair of black jeans, white shirt with thin black stripes and a dark gray waistcoat. He used some gel for his hair, trying to force it to look the way he wanted it to, just this once in his life, but the almost constant bed-head look he’d been sporting was too stubborn, and in the end his hair looked even messier than it did before he had applied the gel.
Cas wakes to find Dean staring at him from where he’s perched cross-legged on the other side of the bed, drinking what Cas assumes is coffee from a big mug, his unoccupied hand busy with petting Miracle’s back.
Castiel threw his head back, panting hard. Dean's kisses were growing heated, his touches possessive, and it was too much and not enough at the same time. As he tried to hold onto his sanity, Dean started to unbutton his shirt, kissing the skin he'd freed the second he could, inching his way down his chest. Castiel moaned loudly as Dean's lips found his nipple, closing over the nub to lick it playfully.
“Point taken,” Balthazar mumbled, but he continued walking right alongside Dean, and Dean just didn’t feel like wasting more energy to tell him to fuck off.
“Amara?”
Silence filled the room, everyone was just sitting there, deep in thoughts. Dean’s phone was lying forgotten on the coffee table where Chuck put it after he pried it out of Dean’s cramped hand, and it startled everyone when it started ringing. Sarah was the first to move, she grabbed it and ran up the stairs to bring it to Dean. She held it out for him to take it, but he didn’t move, so Sarah decided to pick it up.
“Jesus Christ, Cas, I nearly shot you!” he shouted, recognizing the intruder in the dim glow of the night light. “What the fuck are you doing here?”
“Dean?” It comes out as a soft huff, more of an implication than an actual word, but Dean shushes him anyway as he slides in closer, positioning himself halfway behind Cas.
Dean sniffles then trails off.
“I didn’t just screw it up, did I?” He asked.
“Your trenchcoated boyfriend is that way,” Balthazar said dryly, pointing to his left.
“I’m sorry, Dean,” Castiel repeated, and when Dean looked into his bright blue eyes, his anger disappeared. Castiel was even more beautiful than ever, and Dean’s breath hitched at the sight.
“Okay,” Dean looked bewildered.
“Dean?” Castiel mumbled, sounding like a frightened child.
“Cas,” Dean whispers and Cas all but crumbles, kneeling down in front of him. “Did you mean it?” Dean asks. There are other questions, hundreds of hows and whys, but this is the most important one, and Dean hopes he doesn't sound as much like a needy teenage girl asking it as he thinks he does. Cas doesn't seem to care either way, judging by the gentle smile on his face.
“What happened?” Dean asked when he got near enough for them to hear his voice.
It’s a few days after Cas’ return from the Empty; he and Dean are on their own in the Bunker with only Miracle as company - Jack is in Sioux Falls visiting Jody and the wayward kids, while Sam’s with Eileen at her place to ‘give them space,’ although Cas suspects the escape is at least as much for Sam’s own sake as it is for theirs. In the younger Winchester’s absence, they’ve settled into a quiet routine of spending most of their waking hours together watching movies, cooking and eating meals neither of them ever tried before, then sharing Dean’s bed every night. They’re still settling, trying to figure out how they fit into each other’s puzzle. It’s not Paradise on Earth, and neither of them are shout-to-the-sky happy - Cas doesn’t think that kind of happiness is ever really in the cards for them - but things are peaceful. Except, earlier that morning he woke to find Dean sitting on the edge of the mattress, his shoulders shaking with mute sobs, and it’s only now, hours later, that he finally seems ready to talk about why.
“Yeah. Thanks,” The elder Winchester mumbled, burying his face into his pillow. Only a few seconds passed until his breathing evened out, and he fell asleep, clutching the edge of his blanket to his chest. Sam smiled at the sight, and before he left, he turned the TV’s volume down a little bit.
“Yeah-yeah.”
“What the fuck do you mean 'what have I done', I didn't do a damn thing!”
“I’m a little rusty myself,” Dean admitted with a shy half-smile, and with that the ice seemed to be broken. They fell into their usual rhythm, joking and teasing each other. It was almost midnight when they left. Castiel felt a little weird from all that wine he had drunk, but it was more of a pleasurable buzz than an uncomfortable dizziness. The drive home seemed too short, and neither of them wanted the evening to end, so they spent another half an hour sitting in the Impala, just talking. Dean wanted to kiss Castiel so badly. Every time he glanced at those full, cherry red lips he almost surged forward to finally taste them, but so far he had managed to keep himself from doing it. He wasn’t sure yet that Castiel would appreciate it, if he kissed him, so he waited.
“There must be another entrance,” Dean mused, and Castiel nodded in agreement.
“Okay, Dean, if you say so. Still, you should talk to him though.”
His phone buzzed with an incoming text message about 10 minutes later -
Quietly, they descended on the rusty ladder into the tunnel and once they ensured there were no vampires around, Dean flicked on his flashlight to allow for a better look at their surroundings. It was nothing special as far as wastewater canals went, but at least its ceiling was high enough for both of them to stand straight, and it didn’t reek too badly, even though the roughly knee-deep trench that ran down on one side of the corridor was filled to the brim with stale, dirty liquid.
“Again,” he demands, and Dean repeats the action. Heat floods Cas’ body, he gasps and reaches over his shoulder to clumsily wrap an arm around Dean’s neck, scrambling for something to hold onto.
“That’s more than enough. It’s everything,” Dean whispered, entwining his fingers with Castiel’s.
“Dean, I... I was angry, disappointed, confused and terrified. I lashed out at you because I didn't know what was going on with me. When you looked up at me, asking me to ‘do it’, I finally understood.” Castiel looked down, clearly ashamed to meet Dean's gaze. “Probably, it was something else before that already, I just didn't know.”
“For all intents and purposes…”
Sam takes a half-step to the side then, but he doesn’t move far enough to allow Cas access, and his anger surges.
“Absolutely,” Cas nods and pulls Dean into a kiss which goes from slow to heated in a heartbeat. They’ve been together for months now, but even the smallest physical display of affection is electrifying still, and Dean crowds Cas against the counter to get more, both hands framing the former angel’s face while they keep kissing. “I love you,” Cas murmurs into his mouth between kisses, and although the urge of a fight-or-flight response brought on by those words still lurks, Dean pushes it down.
“You remember when I kissed Meg?”
“No, but now that you brought it up, I’m sure you’re going to tell me.”
“Let me reiterate then: Why do you even bother asking?” Dean said, deliberately throwing a forkful of used hay dangerously close to Chuck’s shoes.
“Next time, use the word make-out instead of dance, and maybe it won’t be this hard to convince me,” Castiel grinned.
“Yeah, plans are not all they’re cracked up to be. Let’s get some coffee, possibly a pancake or two, and we can start after.”
“You’re back now. That’s what matters.”
“Because I happen to really like horses, I’ll help to get all of them out in one piece, if any of you asks me to. Also, because I am such a good person at heart, I’ll even leave my four-legged assistant Devil’s Advocate with you. Consider him a… reunion gift. But, that’s all. Don’t even try to bargain for more!”
~.~.~.~.~.~
“Not anymore. At least, not yet.”
“Yes.”
“I can't drive right now.”
“So, it’s all a matter of principles?” Cas knows he is being unfair, and when Jack’s face twists in visible anguish, he badly wishes he could take it back.
“Holy shit, Castiel! Next time warn a guy before you sneak up on him, and scare him halfway to death!” Dean exclaimed. He was busy cleaning the stables when suddenly someone touched his shoulder from behind.
“Yeah, I know. I got to experience that sensation on the way back after you molested me on the road,” Castiel pouted.
“He was supposed to be…” which, strictly speaking, wasn’t a lie, the older Winchester told himself.
Cas and him had chatted the whole time, and if Dean had felt relieved when it turned out that Cas was actually single, raising his brother’s son as his own, it was nobody else’s business but his own.
“Yes?”
“Yep,” Dean nodded, and he ended the call. He felt a little calmer now, but his instincts were still screaming like crazy. He walked back into the kitchen, and prepared his coffee. With the mug in his hand he settled down on the couch, and started playing the DVD he had in his player. He was only halfway through the movie when he smelled smoke. Alarmed, he walked around the house to check if there was something burning, but he didn’t find anything, even though the smell of smoke was getting heavier. After some thinking, he grabbed his shotgun, and went outside to check. That was when he heard the horses’ panicked whickering, and his heart dropped in fear. He set off towards the stable. There were burning hay bales all around the building, and as Dean got closer, he smelled gasoline.
“I want you to make love to me, Dean,” Cas corrects gently, petting Dean’s face and his sweat-damp hair. It’s an important distinction to Cas, for once not only fully aware of the emotional connotations but specifically craving the reassurance of them.
“Here we go.” Dean got out of the car and shrugged off his suit jacket, leaving him just in a dress shirt. Not wanting to waste any precious daylight, they didn’t go back to the motel to change, although Dean had grumbled about the possibility of his least uncomfortable monkey suit being ruined. Castiel had a sneaking suspicion that Dean didn’t actually mind the formal attire as much as he complained about it, and surely he must have been aware that he looked good wearing it. “What, it's hot!” Dean scoffed at Castiel's disbelieving look as he rolled up his shirtsleeves then carefully folded up the suit jacket and laid it down on the seat he’d just vacated.
“They haven’t. Why?” Castiel asked interestedly, and Dean began talking.
“Look, I should probably… “He began, right in the moment Castiel opened his mouth to say something too. Then, both of them stopped talking at the exact same time and just sat looking at each other.
“I’ve only ever done it with girls… well, with one girl to be exact. But I’m sure that’s not something you wanted to know.” Dean bit his lower lip, hanging his head in slight shame. He waited for Castiel to say something, but his answer was completely non-verbal: He took Dean back into his mouth, and continued to pleasure him. He didn’t tell Dean about the flare of jealousy he felt when Dean mentioned having done something like this before, but he was sure Dean knew anyway. His intent to rewrite and replace every memory of said event with something better also went unsaid.
“What the hell, Becky? Keep your voice down! It’s early-as-fuck thirty in the freaking morning, are you insane?” Dean shouted at her, his volume not an inch lower than hers. He looked like he was just woken from sleep, which was probably true.
“Aloha, cowboy,” Dean jokes. “You know, this is nice and all, but I was expecting something more substantial…”
“Morning, sunshine.”
“We should have everything already, here in the Bunker,” Dean argues, but Cas silences him with a pointed glare.
“I’ve always wanted to make out in the rain with someone,” he confessed, and buried his head in Castiel’s neck, breathing in the scent of summer rain and something uniquely Castiel.
“Jesus, Cas, why didn’t you tell me how bad of a host I am? Go ahead, knock yourself out. I have milk in the fridge, and you can find sugar in that little bowl on the counter, I know you like your coffee sweet.”
The slam of the motel door woke Dean, and he shot up, looking at Castiel who stood his gaze with an apologetic expression.
“I hope someone will find that poor girl,” Castiel broke the silence.
“This place does have a good effect on people, doesn’t it?” Dean mumbled, more to himself than to Castiel. He remembered his first day on the estate, after Chuck bought it. Both houses were neglected, uncared-for, waist-high weeds in the yards, the roof of the stable broken… and yet, it was one of the most beautiful places Dean had ever seen. It took almost a year, and a lot of Chuck’s money to fix the buildings, but when they were ready, the estate looked better than ever. He remembered the day Chuck came home with a young horse in tow, a beautiful, fiery filly by the name of Gigette… Dean had never tried to break in a horse before, but he read all the books about the subject that he could get his hands on, before he finally found the perfect method, and started working with Gigette.
“Yeah, I kinda did,” Dean admitted sheepishly, fixing his stare at the ground.
A few seconds after they reached the pond, Castiel was already knee-deep in the water, shoes thrown onto the shore, jeans rolled up.
“It’s your birthday, and still you’re the one giving. That’s the first time you told me,” Cas sniffles, and for a moment, Dean worries he made him cry, but there’s no glint of tears in his eyes. “I love you too, more than you can imagine.”
“Oh, shut up.” Dean flipped him off, but then he realized that maybe he shouldn’t have done that. He was a little scared when he looked up at the demigod, but the Trickster didn’t look overly interested, much less hurt. Absentmindedly, he stared at the stable, the building still encased in unmoving flames.
“I think so, yeah. It’s been all over the news back then. He’s a lawyer… or, he used to be, I’m not sure which. Anyway, he had this big case, he was trying to take down a few corrupt top dogs. But of course they didn’t really like the idea, and they did everything they could to stop him.”
“Allow me,” he pulled out a few notes from his trenchcoat pocket and calculated the amount of their bill, including a generous tip for Marie, placing it under the pie plate.
“Lady, technically you have no right to ask for that, we’re not suspects.” Castiel tried to keep his lawyer self from breaking out, but he couldn’t.
Jody says warmly.
Over the next… however long it lasts, Dean’s sobs echoing deep inside everything that he is as an angel tell him just how
“Yeah, probably it would,” Dean agreed between bouts of laughter. “I'm going to change and then we can get this show on the road.” He retreated to the bathroom after a quick detour to pat Castiel's back just a fraction longer and a few inches lower than usual.
~.~.~.~.~.~
“I’m gettin’ you the hell outta here.”
His thoughts then turned to Castiel, the only being who was just as headstrong as Dean was, and their matching stubbornness was eating both of them up. Trusting the walls of  his room – or, if he was being honest, throwing any care about being heard to the wind, he sang along, each line louder than the previous one.
“I gave up the powers I absorbed from Chuck. I did what I felt I had to do with them, fixed everything he broke, but they’re not what I am.” As he talks, he crouches down to pick up the shards of broken pottery, fitting them together and mending them into a whole mug like it’s the most important task he could be doing. And maybe it is. Cas knows both Jack and Sam were with Dean on the grocery run when he picked up that mug and they all found it funny. Objectively, it’s an ugly, garish thing with sloppily printed rainbow angel wings and the slogan “Wing it!,” but it was a gift, and Cas knows now to keep those. Jack finishes fixing it, and holds it out for Cas to take. “The hardest part of being God was having the power to change things, but knowing you’re not really supposed to. It felt like corruption deep in me, so I let it go.”
“What the hell, Cas? Were you thinking of bees the whole time, you dick?!” Dean huffs in exasperation. “You know what, don’t answer that. I will just tell myself I fried your brain and that’s why you’re talking nonsense.”
“Who said I would’ve risked myself?”
~.~.~.~.~.~
“Dean…” Cas finally snaps out of his confused haze and watches as Dean pulls back the covers.
tired,” Cas steels himself, trying to prepare for Dean’s reaction, which is not easy because he has no idea what it will be. “My grace is gone.”
“There might be a tiny chance, but even if he did jump out of the car before it crashed against the rocks, he must have fallen down, just like the vehicle did. There is nothing we know for certain. Maybe he was lucky, and survived it. I know it’s hard, but… maybes are not something I would base any hopes upon.” She shook her head. “We keep searching for him, but that is the only promise I can make.”
“Still, y–you died not knowing… I – I wanted to tell you, almost did when we were in Purgatory for the Leviathan blossom…”
Sirens were wailing faintly in the distance, and the three police cars arrived approximately two minutes later. A young, blonde female officer got out of one of the cars. She looked around, barked a few instructions at the members of her team, and walked up to Dean.
“Yeah, I’m fine. Y – you know you don’t have to do this for me, right?”
*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*
“It’s not the end result that has me worried, it’s the way leading to it,” Sam shook his head.
“There may be a few things that are better now. I definitely don't miss spending every night in a motel, or worse, sleeping in the car because we had to be on the move even between cases. I probably didn't hate it as much as any sane person would've back then, but I'm too old for that now.”
“I don’t give a flying fuck about what he knows or doesn’t know. But I’m sure as hell not going to sit on my ass and wait for him to come and get me!” He yelled. There was some indistinct chatter on the other side, and after that it was Becky who spoke to him.
“Well, I’d rather stare at him than at your or your boyfriend’s ugly mug,” Dean retorted, and Becky stuck out her tongue at him.
“It’s me,” Dean nodded, striding forward until they stood mere inches away. “Hi,” he murmured as he pulled Cas into the tightest, most desperate hug, shamelessly tucking his face into the crook of his neck to nuzzle his throat.
“We didn’t see anything else. We were just driving by, when I saw a weird silvery light from afar. We got nearer, and it looked like it was a bicycle, reflecting the sunlight. I told Dean to stop, and we found this. We didn’t touch anything, didn’t even get really close to it.”
“I know. I’ll take Honeyblossom; she seems to be a little calmer.” Castiel said. His initial fear of horses was long gone, but he was still a little cautious when it came to them.
“Technically, you didn’t propose. I did. But it’s okay, I’m happy anyway,” Castiel said with a small shrug, and he claimed his fiancé’s lips in a hungry kiss.
While there was nothing wrong with Castiel's hearing, he could not be sure if that was true for the rest of him. Clearly, Dean was getting increasingly irritated with him remaining motionless, and the fact that he was staring in a manner he hoped wasn't too obviously hungry probably didn't help, but he couldn’t stop...  there was so much to look at. For all it was worth, Dean might as well have been standing there shirtless: The white material clung to all the right places, his broad shoulders, the lines of his pectorals. Also, it had turned mostly translucent, so his anti-possession tattoo and even the shadow of his nipples showed, and Castiel tried to commit every little detail to memory.
“Early forties?” Becky echoed. “Castiel was only 36.”
“No, you're not,” Cas says softly and moves closer to lay a hand on Dean's shoulder. Dean
“So far you’re doing just fine, and if you would stop worrying, you would do it perfectly. Try to enjoy it.”
“In case you haven’t noticed, let me tell you that Romeo is following you. Please, come back, and make him stay put in the pen. Apparently I just lost my position as the person of authority in his eyes.”
“What are you talking about, and who are you?” Dean asked nervously, looking at the man like he had two heads.
“You can stay here, I will go with him,” Castiel offered, nodding towards Dean. The older Winchester watched in delight as his brother shot one of his patented bitchfaces at the angel.
“Et tu mi fili, Chuck?” Dean rolled his eyes at his friend’s obvious betrayal.
“My name is Anna Milton, and I’m standing here in front of the Three Rivers Hospital. This is where star lawyer, Castiel Engelhart is being treated after the police freed him from captivity. A week ago he was kidnapped from his house in the early morning hours by armed men, whose identities have not yet been revealed. The abduction led to imprisonment in terrible conditions in the cellar of an old apartment building.
“Hey, man, what’s up?” He inquired, walking up to him.
“Dean...”
“Hello, Dean,” a gravelly voice said as the owner of it stared down the barrel of the pistol like it was the most natural thing in the world.
The crime scene unit showed up shortly after that, and six officers got to work around the half-buried bicycle. They found shreds of clothing, a few drops of blood, and a long brown hair, probably Tyler’s, but no fingerprints… or a body nearby.
Dean didn’t know what to say to that, so he just nodded, and then he promptly invited Castiel to meet the horses.
feels rather morning-of to me.”
While Castiel fed the apple to Gigette, Dean went to get a helmet for him and a saddle for her. By the time he got back, Castiel was hugging the horse’s neck, and Gigette was lovingly mouthing at his shoulder.
~.~.~.~.~.~
“Yes,” Cas gulps as an image of the unconscious Dean forces itself to the forefront of his mind. For a moment, he wonders if this strong recall of fear and pain at the mere mention of facts is some kind of aftereffect from his time in the Empty or if it’s a part of being graceless he hasn’t previously experienced.
“Take your time.” Dean smiled, and ruffled Castiel’s hair playfully. He hadn’t been the cuddling type before, but apparently Castiel managed to put that into the past tense. Right then, lying there with Castiel curled up against him, cuddling felt pretty damn perfect. He closed his eyes, and let happiness wash over him, until Castiel finally moved, pulling away.
“How is he?” Becky asked, holding Chuck’s hands tightly in hers.
They parked next to the tall, barbed wire-topped fence of the water treatment facility which  loomed just ahead of them. It covered a massive chunk of ground and consisted of multiple buildings, some of them still in good shape, others on the verge of falling down. The facility was huge - they had no chance of covering it all in one go, even if they worked the rest of the afternoon and through the night.
They didn’t talk much after that, both of them too busy with cleaning the harnesses and occasionally stealing a glance at each other when the other was not watching. When they were around halfway done with the work, Becky walked in with a cheery smile on her face.
“My balls are freezing off,” Dean complained.
“That was a tiny bit weird. Usually, when she’s this cheery, she’s planning something I won’t be this cheery about.”
“Sometimes, I do. But sometimes, it’s the truth that hurts. The awakening. The awareness,” the Shadow raises its brows in menacing glee. “I think Dean will be quiet for a few hours, so you may want to get some sleep,” it suggests and waves its hand. The darkness around Cas becomes heavy, oppressive, and he once again struggles for breaths he doesn’t need, then blacks out.
“Cas, this is different to your specialty.
Dean groaned. He hated when Sam was this perceptive, and he really did not feel like talking about it, so he surprised even himself when the next sentence that left his mouth was “I may have screwed up.“
Almost two months later the time Dean spent in the hospital – along with the upsetting picture – was nothing more than a faint, unpleasant memory barely even crossing Dean’s mind. After he’d been let out of the hospital, he threw himself full-heartedly into his work around the horses, trying to make up for the lost time. Not that his temporal replacement, Andy was bad with them, it’s just that… Andy wasn’t him, and Dean was sure that was something he had to make up for anyway.
“Shh, I’m sure you’re going to love being the girl,” he grinned, and before Castiel could have answered, he wrapped one of his arms around the smaller man, and made him sway by bending him backwards. Castiel threw his head back, baring his neck almost like an offering, and Dean accepted it without thinking, gently biting and licking at the soft skin there. Castiel moaned softly, and he pressed his chest flat against Dean’s, seeking friction and warmth. Water was running down in rivulets on their bodies, making their clothes stick to their skin. Dean held Castiel close to him, and while he continued drawing a hickey onto Castiel’s pale neck with his teeth, he pulled him forwards, and then pushed him backwards until Castiel finally caught up with the program, and started following Dean’s steps in an impromptu, clumsy yet erotic lambada, hips rolling together. The rain got heavier, and just a little colder with every second. Water matted the hair onto their heads, and Dean had to reach out and wipe the wet bangs from Castiel’s face in order of being able to look into his lover’s huge blue eyes. Tiny drops of water sat on long, dark lashes, and Dean leaned forward to kiss them away. Slowly he let his hands slide down Castiel’s back, finally resting on his ass, pulling him closer still. Dean’s breath hitched as he felt Castiel’s erection press against his, and he had to push his lover away a little to get some air into his lungs.
“Sounds reassuring. So, if they are doing this on their own, is that why there's no light-show this time?”
“I'm fine.” Castiel was tired of the charade, the same pointless question day in, day out. He hoped Dean would leave it alone, and usually, he did, but not now.
“Maybe you’re right about that. Let’s see if it works the other way too. Can we please go home now? I’m a little cold, and I’d really love to get you out of those wet clothes.”
“Yeah, I just swam a few lengths. People tend to get wet during swimming.” He grinned, but Castiel wasn’t really paying attention to him. A stray droplet of water escaped from Dean’s hair, and started its way down his face, over his forehead, following the ridge of his nose for a while before finally reaching his mouth and disappearing between plump, red lips. Castiel’s gaze followed it intently before refocusing onto Dean’s eyes, only to find them staring at his feet.
“I’m just sayin’.” She answered, trying to look innocent. “I am kinda beat, I think I’m going to just leave this mess, and clean it up in the morning; I really want to go to bed. It’s not like someone would want to steal our used plates anyway. Chuck, sweetie, please don’t forget to put out the fire and the torches this time, I’d rather not have a near-fire again, okay?”
“I think I kinda blackmailed you into it.” Chuck actually had the decency to look a little ashamed at that.
Jody supplies over the phone.
“Two down, two to go,” Castiel summarised once inside.
“Hey there, sweetheart. You’re so gorgeous. Oh, you are really beautiful,” Dean cooed quietly, stroking the horse’s mane. He ran his hand over its neck, looking for any identification signs, but he didn’t find anything. He crouched down to check if the horse was male or female, and ascertained that it was a stallion. “Where are you from, huh?” he asked, expecting no answer, but suddenly the horse lifted his head, making Dean’s hand slide a little lower on his neck, and there was something small under his skin. “You have a microchip? Great, let’s see who you belong to.” Dean started walking towards the stable to get the chip scanner, and without being prompted, the horse followed him. Once Dean found the scanner, it didn’t take long to check the number on the chip and search for it in the database. It turned out that his name was Devil’s Advocate and that he came from a very prominent bloodline, but there was no information about his owner. “That’s weird,” Dean muttered.
“You’re so hot…” he whispered into Castiel’s ear, pulling his hips close to his own and grinding into his lover’s body before completely releasing him. Quickly they tied the horses to a nearby tree, and Dean grabbed Castiel’s hands. He placed one of them onto his shoulder, and he held onto the other one.
“Yes and no.”
A loud wail-like sob breaks out of Sam, and it's too much for Dean to take, so he scrambles out of the car, desperate for air, for escape. With a sudden surge of energy he breaks into a run, blindly dashing past the church Chuck chose as the set for his famous final scene, past crumbling headstones, then trees until he runs out of ground and trips, falling to his knees. The sobs he fought so hard to keep hold of escape, and Dean screams to Heaven, to Hell, to the Empty and all of the in-between till his throat is raw, till all he wants is to curl up against a tree, to sleep, to black out, to d...
“All these colloquialisms confuse me.”
Next to his there were two empty stalls, one for Spartacus, and one for Ben Hur. On the other side of the stable there were ten further stalls, but only half of them had horses in them, the first one being a black mare. Dean pointed at her.
, too. Because keeping it to himself is just impossible at this point and there's no real reason to hold it in anyway. “I'm sorry,” Sam says then, and Dean turns his back on him as a form of escape.
“No,” Castiel conceded with a sigh. “But your eagerness to put yourself into harm’s way is not helping,” he added a minute later.
The lyrics in this chapter are from Metallica's The Unforgiven trilogy, which is included in the soundtrack.
“Can I give her another apple?” He asked, a child’s innocent delight on his face.
“I love you too.”
Castiel rolled his eyes, utterly unimpressed. “You get squeamish about the funniest things.”
Sam is slightly quicker to get back on his feet. Dean can still see him wobble, of course he can, and he wants to help him stay upright, but considering himself the stronger brother, the protector, the grown-up, has never before been a lie this big.
“That’s better.” There’s a pause while Dean appears to psyche himself up for something. “Cas, what happened? I must be fuzzy on some details because what I remember doesn’t make sense.”
“Do you want to tell me what you're running from?” He asked in a gentle, even voice.
“I can assure you, if you happened to catch the plague from that poor animal, I will heal you of it,” Castiel huffed in irritation, and Dean was about to reply in kind when footsteps sounded from somewhere further down the corridor, effectively shutting them up. Careful to keep their steps light and any other noise to a minimum, they crept forward to the next crossing, where the faint beam of a flashlight made them flick off their own.
“You’re such a sap,” Dean groans and rolls his eyes in an exaggerated fashion.
The air in the chamber was heavy with gases and the smell of old clothes. Right next to the ladder, there was a corpse in a cardinal’s get-up, the cloak still bright crimson, the white patterns on it a little bluish, and the golden yarn they were sewn onto the mantle were glistening in the light of the torches. All the way to the end of the very long chamber, there were bodies; some of them looked like they were smiling, and some of them looked surprisingly alive, even with their greenish-yellowish skin. To Castiel’s surprise, one of the women had a necklace that was clearly made of gold still around her neck.
Dean pulls out, adds more lube and goes back in again. This time, Cas relaxes into the touch, which in turn visibly calms Dean too, and soon Cas is actively pushing back onto Dean’s finger. They don’t talk, any communication happens by way of huffed breathing, hushed moans and their gazes which are firmly fixed on each other.
“That’s not what I meant,” Castiel attempted to move away again, and this time Dean let him. “It’s been weeks now. We can’t sneak around like this forever, like it’s wrong, like this is something that has to be kept secret.”
“Dude, if you start with your 'I'm extremely old' bullshit, I will honestly deck you. It's not the same and you know it.”
between him and the wooden post that Sam seems to be holding up. Cas
“Nah, don’t worry, I have a brother myself, and when I’m not answering after the first ring, he goes all mother hen on me when I do answer later.” Dean rolled his eyes, but his voice was full of affection. “Look, I have to carry those bales to the storage room as soon as possible, there’s a slight chance of rain, and I don’t want to take that chance.”
“No. I’ve been doing some thinking.”
“Okay, but if she bites my hand off, you’re so gonna pay my hospital bills.”
“You can take a shower if you want, towels are in the bathroom. Feel free to take clothes from my closet, but I’d appreciate it if you could leave my underwear alone, okay? Oh, and bathroom’s that way.” He pointed at the door leading to it, and when Castiel nodded, he went to make breakfast.
“You two are quite adorable when you bicker like that. I’m glad you’re apparently on good terms with each other.”
“Come on, we need to find a good place to sit.” Chuck urged.
”It’s eight p.m. We should get some dinner. What are you in the mood for, angel? We could go out, get Chinese. Or Thai.”
“Thanks,” Castiel answered, and when Dean started eating, he followed his example silently.
“Hey, Dean!” Chuck called out, entering the stable.
“You KNEW this was gonna happen, didn’t you?!” Castiel spun around to look at Dean, quickly adding up one and one in his head, and getting two as a result. “You totally knew, and you didn’t warn me.”
“Excuse me,” Castiel stopped her. “Could we get one of those?” He asked, gesturing at the dessert.
“Yeah, like the angel. My parents were religious, and they thought angel names would go well with our last name, so my siblings and I got angel names too. Hilarious,” Castiel said, making air quotes with his fingers.
“Are you okay, Cas?”
“I’m sure you think you’re hilarious,” Castiel remarked dryly.
*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*
As soon as he steps outside, he can hear clattering and other noises from the kitchen so that’s where he goes.
“A beer, and… Cas?” Dean looked at his lover questioningly.
“Anything you wish,” Dean grinned, and finally he stopped tickling him.
“Like what?”
“Sam, it’s… not that simple.”
“If you want to…” He shrugged. “Just let me know what you need, and I’ll order it for you.”
Somehow, he’s back in the Bunker, sprawled in an awkward position on the floor halfway across the partition between the archive and the dungeon. Fluttering papers settle around him like A4-sized snowflakes, and some of them take to the air again as he clambers to his feet, legs wobbling under his own weight like those of a newborn fawn. It feels real,
“Jack!” Sam sounds surprised, almost as if he hasn't even noticed his presence before. There's a rustle, the leather of the backseat creaks and the Impala wobbles slightly. Dean assumes it's because Sam slid over and Jack sat down.
“I don’t want it to happen either.”
“Alright, let’s see how much luck you have with him,” he agreed, and exchanged the bucket of fodder for the keys dangling from Castiel’s hands. “Thanks, angel,” he smiled, and stole a quick kiss before grabbing Judas’ food.
“Where did you get them? It’s –” Dean glanced at his phone “barely 8 am, surely the city planning department isn’t even open yet?”
“Of course,” Dean nodded, leading the way. The walk didn’t last longer than five minutes, and the sight of the tiny pond filled Castiel with childlike joy. He toed off his shoes while hurrying towards the shore, and by the time Dean caught up with him, Castiel was already ankle-deep in the water, chuckling at the cool touch of it.
“Cas,” Dean's voice, tender and hesitant, snapped him out of his reverie some time later. He lifted his head to look at the man above him, and he was about to ask how Dean found him, but then he remembered their silent game of chess, sneakily turning on the location tracking on each other's phones every time its owner disabled it. “I saw that you stopped,” Dean continued, and Castiel mumbled something he intended to be unintelligible. “C'mon, Cas, let's go back.” The hunter didn't wait for a response, he just grabbed Castiel's wrist, and pulled him to his feet, as gentle as he could be while still exerting enough force to make the angel move.
“I hope that's a good thing,” Cas teases faintly, but his voice is so hoarse with emotions that it ruins the effect. Still, Dean chuckles, moving in to caress Cas' chest.
“I guess I do.” Dean aims for nonchalance but knows he missed the mark by a mile the moment the words leave his mouth.
“I’d like those eggs now,” he announced, for a moment looking like an innocent child. Dean snorted, but got out of bed.
“Our best Arnod Hilard, ever. If I didn’t know otherwise, I’d think he and Becky are a couple in real life,” Chuck whispered to Castiel, obviously proud of his girlfriend and best friend. He was right to be proud, because the way Dean and Becky flirted was a little too real, and it made Castiel more than a little jealous. But soon it was all forgotten, because the show pulled him in. The story itself wasn’t anything special, or surprisingly fresh, but the performance of the people acting in it was great, and it was so full of emotions that the crowd kept gasping, laughing, crying, and cheering at the appropriate times.
“This is great. Better than any fancy swimming pool,” Castiel announced with a wide smile on his face. He acted like he was just discovering the world, or at least re-discovering it after forgetting everything, and the more Dean thought about that, the truer it seemed to be. He sank down onto the bright green grass, and stared at Castiel, trying to drink in his sight. The sun was shining from behind him, covering him with its ethereal light, and in that moment Dean couldn’t help but marvel at his beauty. His affection towards Castiel was completely baffling him, he wasn’t used to falling for people after such a short time, but apparently Castiel was the exception proving the rule. Dean sighed, and after some thinking the stepped out of his boots, and walked into the water, standing next to Castiel. The other man lifted his head, and for what seemed like an eternity, they looked into each other’s eyes, almost as if they were trying to decipher the secrets there. In the end it was Dean who broke the eye-contact, he wasn’t able to stand the heat of Castiel’s gaze any longer. He stepped out of the water, and sat down so that only his feet reached it.
“Thank you, Marie,” Castiel glanced at her nametag, and he brushed his pinkie against hers for just a moment. She didn't even notice the contact, but instantly, she looked more relaxed and when she walked away, there was a pep in her step that wasn't there before.
“It’s still raining. Look outside. You can’t let the horses out in this weather now, can you?”
Sam lets out a surprised laugh, and despite having been unexpectedly insulted, Cas is inclined to do the same. “That wasn’t quite what I imagined, but I may have deserved it,” he admits.
“You scare me sometimes. Actually, make that most of the time.”
“No.” She shook her head, sending her brown pigtails flying.
“Okay,” Jack gulps. “I will try, but I think you have to lift him off of there first.”
Downstairs they quickly packed a tray full of food, and returned to the bed. Dean picked up a chocolate-covered waffle, tore it into four little pieces, and offered one of them to Castiel. Instead of taking it, Castiel opened his mouth and bit into it. While he was chewing, he scooped up some cherry yoghurt with a teaspoon, and pushed it towards Dean, who accepted it without delay. Feeding each other was more erotic than either of them would have thought before, and when a few stray drops of yoghurt landed on Dean’s chest, Castiel leaned in to lick it without thinking.
Dean looks at Cas, and he stops laughing. The ex-angel looks inconsolable as his blue eyes rove over the mess of dirty dishes and spilled ingredients, and Dean just knows he’s feeling guilty about not even having waffles to show for it.
“I don’t even have to look to know which one is in your hands. Sam thought it was a hilarious idea to give that shit to me after I told him I liked boys just as well as girls. He actually made me drink from it once. He hid all the other mugs in the house, and drinking coffee from the pot just seemed too drastic."
“Yeah.”
Somewhere else in the Bunker, a door creaks open then closes with a loud click, and as much as Dean’s enjoying getting handsy with Cas, he is not about to go down on him like he was planning to when there’s a risk that Sam or Jack could walk in on them. He pulls away with a disappointed sigh and fixes Cas’ robe.
“It’s not,” Castiel confirmed as he set the stack of papers down.
“You mean, you want to gloat what a genius you are, and expect me to go all fangirl on your ass,” Dean teased.
“Would you mind doing something about this?” Dean asked wryly, his hand pointing at his soaked clothing.
“It does. Actually, he used to work at our office. Well, on the top floor, of course, way above me on the food chain, but still. I heard he quitted a few weeks ago though. Are we talking about the same person here?”
“And did you notice his soul shines brighter each time he says your name, too?”
Following a quick breakfast, they spent the morning poring over the schematics. Eventually, they narrowed the potential nest sites down to two, but something still baffled them, and that was the vampires’ point of entry.
“Okay, sorry for trying to categorize you without really knowing you,” he said, only half jokingly.
“That’s not fair,” Dean grumbles as he cools down, pulling his wrist restraint taut to grab a fistful of Cas’ left wing in retaliation. The angel shudders - brushing his feathers against Dean’s body was just as arousing for him as it was for Dean, but having his lover’s grip on his wing is not unlike the beginnings of a handjob for a human, and he
Dean eases him onto his back once again and runs his hand down his body. “Do you still want me to fuck you?” he pants into Cas’ mouth.
“That’s Scricciolo, Scri for short. His name comes from the Italian language, and it’s used for tiny and cute things. He’s a Shetty - Shetland pony. He’s actually quite big for a pony, almost 41 inches high at the withers. He’s not ours either, but sometimes we use him to teach small kids, and he’s the star of our ‘Doors open’ days.
“Oh my god, you’re awesome,” Dean moaned appreciatively, and he snatched the paper bag from Castiel’s hand. “Come on in. Have you eaten?”
The room was in fact clearly an old kitchen. There was an open fireplace, with dirty, black pots scattered all over it. Next to it, there was a table, fully covered with shards of broken plates. Upturned chairs were lying around it. At the end of the room, there was another door, and it was probably held in its proper place by the Holy Spirit, because Castiel was sure that it wasn’t the hinges. Dean poked at a glass jar on the shelf playfully, disturbing a huge spider’s dream in the process.
After that, it was all a blur. He couldn’t really see, couldn’t think. He moved, when he was asked to, but other than that, he didn’t register anything from the happenings around him. It got a little better when he felt the familiar scent of his house, but it only lasted for a moment, and when that moment passed it got even worse. Without being prompted to do so, he walked up to his room, and laid down on his bed, staring out into the purplish twilight. The sheets smelled like Castiel, and that made Dean furious. He got up, and swept them all down onto the floor before repeatedly kicking them.
“I’m sure you will,” Becky said, gently nudging Castiel and making him look up. His gaze met Dean’s, and for a while they stared at each other, until Dean finally turned his head. After a few minutes of pensive silence, they started chatting again.
“Yes, I did. He was quite excited about it, but he made me promise I’d ask for your opinion about the matter too.” Chuck looked down at the floor, poking at the stall door with the toe of his shoe.
“Hello, Dean,” Cas murmurs as Dean leans in, faintly brushing just his upper lip against Cas’ as a hesitant tease, and he shivers with the split second of anticipation before Dean catches his bottom lip between both of his, just a gentle pull. Cas allows Dean to tilt his head to a better angle and opens up to the tongue brushing against the seam of his mouth once Dean has him where he wanted. It’s not a coordinated kiss because Cas forgets even the very basics, but it’s
“Cas, what do your elf eyes see?”
“Cas,” he moaned, and his gaze flitted down onto Castiel’s full, pink lips to watch as a dazzling smile spread out on them. “Did I… am I dead?” Dean breathed out, and he tried to sit up.
“You scared Sam half to death. Don’t do that again, or I swear I will hit you.” She threatened him with a gentle smile on her face. Dean tried to answer her by using his pantomime-skills, but his body just wouldn’t obey. “Anyway, we’re glad you’re awake.” She continued, and stood up to stretch her limbs.
Once Castiel arrived at the Shurley Estate, the first item on his to do list was to check out the HallowInn’s website. The place looked great, the interior of it just as western-y as the outside, and when he read that it provided free fodder for the horses the guests arrived on, he knew that he found the perfect place to take Dean out to. Quickly he showered, and changed. Then it occurred to him that he didn’t tell Dean they would go on horseback, but he didn’t have to worry about that: Soon Dean knocked on the door of his room, wearing boots, light blue jeans and a green, plaid flannel button-down shirt.
