"De, did you see your dad put formula in the bag?" Dean asks, scouring through the bag for the formula.
Castiel laughs around a forkful of cheese and broccoli. "Less than ten minutes is still pretty impressive," he says after he's chewed and swallowed the food. "Have you got any more?"
And Dean's not entirely sure why it pisses him off, though it probably has something to do with the way she's eyeballing Benny, but he stares her down and says, "No, we're on a date." She makes a noise Dean could only describe as a startled squeak when understanding dawns on her, then her mouth twists like she's tasted a lemon. Dean already doesn't like her. "Can you just add saganaki and the roasted vegetables to the order? Thanks."
He pulls away from Castiel's throat and opens his mouth to say something, to tell him, warn him, but Castiel kisses him before he can, teeth sinking into Dean's bottom lip until it hurts. Dean's wolf stretches out, filling his toes and fingertips, telling Dean it likes when Castiel bites. If Dean can't then Castiel should. "It's alright, I could tell this morning."
It's hard to sign with only one hand free, so he catches her eye and says, "You guys still coming over for dinner tonight?" Mary's been teething like crazy and absolutely inconsolable, and Dean's been prepared for them to cancel, surprised they haven't done so yet.
Rowena makes another portal and pulls Kelly away from the archangels and into it before it, too, closes. Michael and Lucifer's vessels are still intact, thankfully, which means they won't have to take time out of their plan to get them into the other two. They seem weak, though, and Dean suspects that's why they brought Gabriel along. The third archangel opens the garage door quietly with a flick of his hand.
He’s about to reach into his jacket pocket for his phone to call Dean when the flutter of wings announces the presence of an angel. When he looks up, Dean is standing before him.
Once the box is full once again Castiel lets Dean help him get it into the trunk of his car. "Hey, I'm sorry about your mom by the way."
Dean snorts and watches as the raven gives him something akin to an unimpressed look, cawing at him. "No, this is Castiel. He was cursed, he's usually much more human than this." It suddenly occurs to Dean that Patience told him Sam was cursed, too, and he hasn't asked if he still is, yet. "Patience said you were cursed, too?"
Dean's starting to get used to the company. It's a weird feeling, knowing someone's always there with him when no one ever has been. He likes it. (Though he has no plans to admit that to Castiel).
A rush of power goes through the room before a portal appears in front of him. He jerks his head at Gabriel, telling him to take it first - which he does - before he follows. The portal opens out into a forest, in front of the large roller door of a dilapidated metal building. The others follow behind them, appearing through the portal before it closes. Kelly looks shaken and Rowena is holding her up by the arm. They'll have to make this quick.
The door at Dean's back has a weird pattern with bits that stick out into his ribs and shoulder blades, and it becomes annoying and almost painful pretty quickly, so Dean pushes them back towards the bed. He sits Castiel down on the edge and reaches down to pop open the button of his jeans, pushing his jeans and briefs down his hips, letting them pool at his feet. He has to pull away from Castiel then, to remove his shoes without falling flat on his ass, and Castiel whines his complaint reaching out for Dean like a kid that wants to be picked up.
"And honestly, Gemini just looks like two people passed out after fucking their brains out." Benny and Castiel burst into cackles, and Dean grins up into the sky, chest tight.
Dean's reminded of five minutes prior when he watched Castiel's muscles shift in his back under his shirt as he leaned over to place another log into the fire. "No."
"What are we going to do once he's born? We can't let Lucifer take him," Sam whispers, blinking between Dean and the door like he's worried Lucifer is hiding behind it, listening. Dean wouldn't be surprised if he were, or if he was sitting in another - angelic - plane watching them. "Why would he father a child? Unless he had some plan to use the Nephilim's power."
"Jimmy? Jimmy Novak?" Dean suddenly realises that if Jimmy exists in this universe, and he and Castiel are separate beings, the logical relation is brothers. Quite possibly twins. Dean looks down at Castiel again.
Dean pulls her hand away from the cut and inspects it. "It's just a scrape, I'll clean it up when we get into the car." He turns to look at Castiel and Claire then, who are both staring at them with wide eyes. "You good?"
Dean thinks he knows where Castiel's going with this, but he's not entirely sure he wants to hear it.
"None taken," Castiel replies honestly, nodding his head. He's pretty much in agreement. This is quite possibly the stupidest thing he's ever done. "Is this the secret you guys have been keeping from me? Did you all know?"
Castiel’s cheeks tinge pink and he shoots Dean a warning look that sends a shiver down Dean’s spine. “Focus on the case, Dean.”
"But I have to go home." Both Dean and Benny nod their heads in understanding. "Can we try… do you think we could make long-distance work?"
“God, why do you fall asleep every time?” Dean says fondly, shaking his head slowly before he lets his own eyes fall closed.
Dean thinks again. "Oh! The Dubai police force have a bunch of like, stupid expensive sports cars - an Audi, a Lamborghini - and the fastest car in the world, which is this really ugly green and white Bugatti Veyron. It may just be me, but I don't understand the appeal of sports cars, I like a good muscle car." Castiel's flushed right at the top of his cheek bones and Dean says, "Are you too hot?"
The younger wolf looks unsure - like he's worried that if he lets Dean get that close, he'll get his throat torn out - but he nods anyway. Dean pushes his body forward, boots crunching in the snow and reaches his hand out to Sam, nudging his head aside gently so he can shove his nose into the wolf's neck. There, underneath the smell of earth, snow and rain, so small Dean almost misses it, is the smell of shared blood, the smell of
They laugh at him, and he ignores them in favour of his burger and fries, eating his lunch as passive-aggressively as he possibly can, shooting them glares every once in a while.
When he's clean he shaves, dresses and goes back into the kitchen to get his medication and a glass of water, taking it to bed with him. His room is a mess; he can easily keep the rest of his house clean, but he never remembers to make his bed and he always leaves his clothes on the floor instead of putting them in the laundry basket
"Shh," Dean hushes, mouthing at Castiel one last time before he moves further down between Castiel's legs, taking his hand off of Castiel's face and pressing it into the other man's thigh, pushing his leg up so he has to plant his foot on Dean's shoulder.
Dean's heart hammers in his chest and he thinks he might throw up. This can't be happening. "Winchester, was it Winchester?"
Dean smacks Benny's shoulder, eyes wide, and says, "Did you - did he just say that?" Benny nods, his eyes just as wide as Dean's and Dean reaches over for his phone on the bedside table. He types out a text message into their group chat and hits send without hesitation.
Dean starts the car again and does a U-turn before turning down the road they'd passed that he hopes will take them to the building.
The raven follows him out of the cave again, flying above him. It circles and swoops down at him, pecking him teasingly, and Dean bumps him back with his muzzle. He's a playful thing, and he's warmed up to Dean quickly. It makes Dean wonder if Castiel hadn’t had a companion in a while, if he had ever had one.
Castiel nods his head, standing beside Dean. Dean climbs to his feet and they stand together looking down at the body. Eventually, the medical examiner interrupts their silence to move them out of the way so the body can be collected.
"Yeah, because it ships from Australia, Cas," Dean says, still laughing. "Why didn't you-" Dean goes silent for a second when it occurs to him, and Dean feels a bit stupid and delirious. "You went out of your way to find Starward because you wanted Benny to know you're willing to put in effort. Aren't you adorable."
Claire nods at him before going back to her phone, which Dean just finds hilarious, and Jack greets him a bit like a puppy would, grin wide and eyes bright as he asks Dean five questions and compliments his shirt (the one that says
Eileen makes a funny noise in the back of her throat, and she and Sam share a look. "No it's not, but yes, we did all know. I reckon just about every person who's ever seen the two of you together in a room knows. Everyone but you and Dean."
The monotony of the job helps calm his frayed nerves and jumbled emotions better than the walk had, and he's feeling a bit more his normal self when he finally recognises the name. He scuttles into the kitchen, around the others rushing inside of it and steps up beside Charlie.
Dean turns a raised eyebrow to him. "You told me that memorising mathematical algorithms made me smart, so memorising eleven languages makes
Dean topples onto the couch behind them with a grunt and Castiel sinks down next to him, looking dumbfounded. Dean links his fingers over his head and stares up at the ceiling, studying the patterns of the tiles.
They start it during the day so they'll be able to tell if it works - if Castiel shifts back into his human form.
Castiel looks unbelievably confused, brow furrowed, but still takes it in stride, nodding his head slowly. Jo disappears again and Castiel turns to Dean with wide eyes. "She's changed a lot."
"That's it, sweetheart, you feel so good on my dick," Dean grumbles, nose sliding into the crook of Castiel's neck, breathing in the smell of him. He's different now that he's no longer human, he smells different, but Dean swears when he puts his nose to the artery under Castiel's jaw he can smell the forest in autumn, the winter sunshine under all that angelic power. He scrapes his teeth over the flesh where a werewolf's mating gland would be and Castiel groans deep in his chest.
Castiel pulls Dean’s briefs over the curve of Dean’s ass before slapping him again, leaving a hot sting in the wake of his hand. Dean’s body jerks and he groans into the pillow. Castiel spanks him a few more times in quick succession before he leans down and sinks his teeth into the flesh of Dean’s ass cheek.
"He's welcome to sleep with me, plenty of room," Dean really doesn't like the way Rowena's looking at his brother: like he's a nice steak and she's
He doesn’t leave until he’s placed a gentle kiss on the top of Jack’s head and pulled both Gabriel and the newly woken Claire into hugs. Castiel’s heart clenches as he watches, and he can’t fight the smile that tilts his mouth. By God, he is stupid for him.
Gabriel has to obscure himself and Castiel from prying angel senses before the two can go into Bobby Singer's personal heaven and retrieve his soul. They then have to sneak the soul out of heaven and put it back into Bobby's body. There are so many cracks in the plan, and it doesn't even account for the possibility of Michael or Raphael sensing them. It worries the fuck out of Dean.
"Is she dead?" Dean asks, taking a closer peek at where Rufus has the man's chest open, still careful not to get too close, before deciding he can't take it and sitting in the man's desk chair. He's really not good with this kind of shit.
Castiel doesn't push him away, but he doesn't kiss him back either. Dean realises he's probably making Castiel uncomfortable, so he pulls away and turns onto his side away from Castiel. Neither of them speaks.
"You can have dinner with us!" Jack says, smile so bright that Dean thinks it might blind him. God this kid is adorable, like a little puppy.
The change in the building's power is noticeable as the wards come down, and Dean sends the two angels in to retrieve the humans before he and the others enter behind them, separating at the door.
Castiel shrugs his shoulders again and then says after a pause, “Do you think Sam and Rowena are enjoying their time alone?”
Castiel looks like he’s considering arguing with Dean more for a moment before he nods. “Okay, I guess we could leave them alone for a week.”
Castiel falls back onto the bed, bracing himself with his hands in the mattress behind him, grinning over at Dean. He’s still trying to look innocent, but there’s a glint in his eyes, and then in a throaty voice he says, “I could do it again. Tie you up and rim you, fuck you on your front?”
Dean has this horrible feeling that Lucifer's about to dissapear, so he shoots him, aiming for his head. The bullet lands a few feet lower than his head, but it does land, planting itself in Lucifer's chest, spreading out into his body in a flash of yellow, like sparks of lightning. He drops to his knees and collapses to the floor, and Dean is just about to send Castiel off to tell Rowena when a wisp of blue-white smoke curls out from the Devil's mouth.
Castiel does, cupping his hand around Dean's thigh, under his knee to open up his legs further and sliding his cock out of Dean for a moment before thrusting back in. It shoves up against Dean's prostate and knocks the breath out of, pulling a short whine from his mouth. Castiel does it again, then again until he's picking up a rough rhythm of deep and hard thrusts that leaves stars behind Dean's eyes. When he rolls his head on his shoulder to look over at Benny the man has his shirt off and his dick out of his jeans, and he's jerking it in time with Castiel's thrusts, his eyes on where Castiel splits Dean open.
Dean's hand reaches out to squeeze Castiel's knee, and it stays there until they reach the roadhouse down the highway and they have to separate to exit the car. They play pool for a few hours, for fun rather than for money, and Castiel enjoys every moment of it, especially when Dean steps up behind him and places his hands over Castiel's on the cue to help him line-up his shot.
Dean comes first, groaning Castiel's name against his throat, his body squeezing tight around the angel's cock. He shivers through the aftershocks, through Castiel's continued thrusts, and he’s just starting to become too over-sensitive to bear when Castiel finally groans and spills into his body. Dean slides his hands from Castiel's back to take Castiel's face into his hands, panting into his mouth as he kisses him, much more interested in the touch of Castiel's tongue on his than trying to get his breathing back to normal.
As Jack pulls away from Castiel, satisfied with the layer of saliva he's left on Castiel's cheek during his kiss, he says, "Cas, look!" On his outstretched hand, a small ball of flickering fire appears. He looks so proud of himself and his smile is wider and brighter.
Dean eyes them as they get closer, trying to decide what to say when they take the tape off. If they take the tape off.
He sets the plates in front of Castiel and Jack just as Josephine is bringing over the two chicken burgers. He falls into the empty fourth chair next to Castiel and pokes him in the shoulder. "Boy's night on Thursday, you in?"
"Maybe you should go up to bed, Rowena," Dean tells her gently as her eyelashes flutter closed a few times before opening again. When she nods Dean gives her a hand up and watches ascend the stairs before undressing and shifting into his wolf form, curling up on the carpet. The raven settles in next to him.
"I'll see if Rowena can make me a portal." Jody nods and heads back into her and Donna's bedroom before Dean takes the stairs down again, leaving Castiel to help them. "We need to get Alex from the hospital, can you portal me in?"
has wreaked havoc. The infected are commonly known as grinders, I suspect due to the motion they exhibit with their teeth, however, you would call them zombies. I have seen no evidence of others since finding myself in this body and this world. I was unaware you had sired progeny, Dean.”
Dean may be smart enough not to get into a physical altercation with the waitress, but he isn't smart enough not to shoot her both his middle fingers as they're
"Come in, Cas!" Dean yells from the other side of the door. When Castiel steps inside, Dean is on the bed holding a book titled
Dean touches his arms and shoulders often, leans in to tell Castiel something about the case they're working and steadies himself with a hand around his forearm. Sometimes he plants his hand on Castiel's knee to get his attention when they're sitting side by side. Sometimes he pats Castiel's cheek on his way to bed.
Dean sighs and drops back against the pillow. "If someone really wanted to fuck us over, they could come up with something so much better than... Apocalypse World. Someone's either playing a joke on us, or they want us to learn some sort of lesson." He closes his eyes, intent on going back to sleep.
, her hair still wet from a shower. She looks tired, but at least he hadn't woken them. "Is everything alright, Castiel?"
"We can come up from Dean's birthday in January. You'll show us around the place, right, bluebird?" Benny looks a little less unsure than Dean and Castiel, and Dean's actually glad one of them isn't about to have a mental breakdown.
Dean wipes a hand down his face, hiding his eyes behind his fingers. He really hopes she hasn't said that in front of Sam yet.
Rowena lets Dean take it, study it. Despite Dean not being able to perform magic himself, he spent so many years around magical beings that he can feel the magic that surges from the pages, sending tingles up his arms and making his hair stand on end. It's strong, like no other grimoire Dean's ever touched before. He opens it, flicking through the pages carefully - yellowed with age and ripped in places, ink a little smudged on some words and images. "I can feel how powerful this book is, Rowena, why would they give something like this to you?"
Dean can feel his mouth turn up in the corners. "Well, thanks for finally admitting it, you son of a bitch."
Castiel makes a face at him, but takes his things, and then Dean's hand, following him out of the restaurant. It's almost eleven, and as much as Dean would kill to stay longer, be with Castiel longer, he has to be at the garage to open at five, and he doesn't think he's going to make it
When the man stands, face an ugly red with his anger, he's taller than Dean, and bigger. Dean has experience fighting off and fucking up men larger than him, drunk and sober. He's not worried.
Dean clasps a hand around Sam's cheek, smiling sadly. "It's just us now, kid. Patience said you thought you were the last wolf, did Ellen…?"
"Who the fuck are you? And why the fuck do you look like Jimmy?" One of their attackers asks. Dean realises they're talking to Castiel who's still on the ground, on his back with a bleeding cut on his forehead.
Dean keeps his wings tucked up against his body on the drive back, and once they’re back in the lot of the apartment building he disappears before Castiel can even climb out of the cab. At least he takes the blankets and pillows with him.
," he groans, back arched and face turned up towards the ceiling, his dick throbbing in his hand, spurting into the condom.
Dean makes a choking sound, and coffee comes dribbling from his mouth and nose. It would be amusing if Castiel didn't know how painful it is to accidentally snort liquids. He leans forward as he's rubbing his nose and thunks his head into Castiel's shoulder a few times. "Jesus fucking Christ, Cas. I've already heard it, I really don't need to think about it too."
Dean snorts. No, he wouldn’t have. “So, unless the flowers came from somewhere else, we’re probably looking for a graveyard with Baby’s Breath.”
“We didn’t hurt good people, only bad people, I promise,” Dale says, her eyes still wet with tears. She’s so little and so scared, and Dean’s heart hurts for her.
Rowena lifts her head and something flashes behind her eyes. "I have an idea, but it's rather ridiculous." They all turn to her and she grimaces. "We need to - well for lack of a better term, we need to hunt him. We need a hunter." Dean goes to very loudly and very vigorously disagree, as do Castiel and Sam, mouths open comically before she cuts them off with a wave of her hand. Dean's not entirely sure she hasn't cast a spell to quiet them. "I think we need to resurrect Bobby Singer."
"I don't trust the Coven by themselves, and I don't trust my son to watch them. The humans won't be strong enough," Rowena tells them, shaking her head, a glass appearing in front of her with a flick of her wrist. She pours herself some whiskey and taps at the glass with her nails before she drinks it. "I'll do my best. Plan B, you come back here and he'll follow you, and I'll do it then."
Dinner is far louder and more raucous than any dinner they've had since the week following Chuck's defeat. Dean spends most of the night with his hand on Castiel's knee, and Castiel spends most of the night wondering if Dean would taste like pasta and beer or something else if Castiel kissed him.
They’ve been steadily working their way to the front of the line, and now they’re at the counter, he realizes he was too busy flirting with Castiel to come up with an opener. He doesn’t end up needing one though.
"I had to," Castiel whispers, pressing his forehead to Dean, eyes fluttering closed. "I couldn't leave you, Dean."
Dean's hand reaches out to squeeze Castiel's knee, and it stays there until they reach the roadhouse down the highway and they have to separate to exit the car. They play pool for a few hours, for fun rather than for money, and Castiel enjoys every moment of it, especially when Dean steps up behind him and places his hands over Castiel's on the cue to help him line-up his shot.
Castiel's face contorts into a grimace and he scrubs a hand down his cheek, scratching at the stubble growing at his jaw. Dean still can't get over the fact that angels can
"Hey, my mom was many things, but a bitch was not one of them," Benny jokes, reaching over to shove Dean affectionately. He lets his hand fall to Dean's thigh and leaves it there, squeezing gently. "I'm sorry."
Dean grins brightly and nods his head, taking his fingers out of Benny's belt loops, helping him with the last of the glasses. "Hey, mind if I take my dinner break?"
He notices an older man watching curiously from the lip of the alleyway, leaning heavily on a walking frame, but he doesn't mind. They all think he's an insane hermit anyway, why tell them any different?
A shiver runs down Dean’s spine at the time of Castiel’s voice. Castiel is so very, very good at the dom voice. Dean’s never been that good at it. “Please use the flogger on me, daddy.”
"Hey," he says to her, taking the plate from her hand and setting it on the counter. "What's going on?"
When Castiel doesn't say anything or move, his head tilted to the side while he tries to absorb all the information he's just received into his alcohol-soaked brain, Eileen waves her hand expectantly. "Oh! Now? Oh okay. Thank you."
"Wise advice," he agrees, nodding his head as he lets her go when she starts to wriggle out of his arms.
Dean begins systematically opening each cage, zigzagging between the two sides until everyone is free. The two archangels appear in the room as Dean is about to announce that he doesn't think Crowley is here (the only person he thinks he can identify as a witch is a girl the red-headed human is hanging off of, and even then, he's not entirely sure).
He thinks he's a bit curt with her, but he doesn't care, except Benny and Castiel are looking at him like he just bit her head off. "What?" He asks when she's gone.
Dean stutters out a short burst of laughter. If Castiel's going to ask questions about Dean's complicated relationship then Dean's going to do the same with his divorce, it's only fair.
"Why Uzbekistan?" Dean asks once they've settled into the villa they found themselves in after stepping through the second portal. Dean's not entirely sure how they have somewhere to stay, and he was completely ready for a cave again, so the mosaic tiled walls and the huge indoor swimming pool is a bit of a surprise. But less of a surprise then learning what country they were in. He couldn't even say where Uzbekistan is for sure.
"You were listening to my thoughts?" Dean asks, crossing his arms over his chest and pursing his lips, unimpressed.
Benny's opened his mouth to say something when Dean's phone buzzes in his hand. When he stands up to look at it, Benny reclines back in his chair and groans. At least Dean knows he wasn't the only one getting riled up.
He pushes the moose onto its back and slides the knife from tail to throat, cutting it open so he can break the sternum and remove the organs. He's done this so many times he's sure he could do it in his sleep, and even with his new audience, he doesn't hesitate.
When he's outside, around the corner in the alleyway, he counts the last of his money, deciding he'll need to get more soon. He looks up when the raven trills sharply from its roost on a window frame from the second story of the grocery store. He sends it a pointed look. "I told you to stay. C'mon, let's go."
They set up camp in a small Missouri forest for the night, tents and lawn chairs around a fire, circled by tin cans on strings to warn them if someone or something approaches. Dean makes them a dinner of ramen with tinned vegetables, which isn't all that great, but it's not like they've got any better. Dean misses steaks and burgers.
When Deanna gets to Claire, she doesn't hold her hand out straight away, instead she stands in front of her, at least a foot shorter than Claire, and says, "Your hair's cool, I like David Bowie, too." She sticks her hand out then and Claire shakes it, a little taken aback.
Dean scoffs, shaking his head at the absurdity of it all. He feels a bit like his head might explode at any minute, too much information at one time. He wholeheartedly believes that if they involve the angels they're asking for trouble, but he trusts Rowena enough to work with the people she trusts, even if he won't ever trust them himself.
Dean pinches the bridge of his nose and glares at Benny, repeatedly kicking him in the shin - though not very hard - until he calls uncle. "If you scare him off, I swear to God, Benny, I will straight up put you in the deep fryer."
An aggressive bite over an already tender bruise is joined by a particular vicious thrust of Dean’s hips, and Castiel’s pretty sure he loses all brain function. He flings his head back to open his throat to more of Dean’s mouth and is rewarded with another bite, this one just above his collarbone.
"Dean, what happened?" Castiel asks very gently, voice barely above a whisper as he continues to rub at Dean's back as Dean tries to clean the evidence from the sink.
"You're fucking dead, Sam Winchester!" He shouts, getting tangled up in the sheets and falling to the floor with a loud
"Not to mention he hasn't got a vagina," Dean replies, rolling his eyes, gesticulating with his hands. "Oh! Charlie's single again."
Dean reaches over and pulls Benny in for a kiss, cradling Benny's face in his hands. "Okay, I'm gonna order food then I have to go back to work, but I'll see you tomorrow. Do you want me to text you later tonight?"
"I don't trust Gabriel, Cas, and I don't trust Crowley, and we can't put the humans in danger. We've already put them in too much," Dean shakes his head and lets it fall into his hands, sighing heavily. "We have to get him back, Cas. We promised Kelly - I promised I would look after him."
Rowena doesn't reply, and after a long moment of silence, a flash of magic crackles through the air as a portal appears in the corner of the room. Dean hangs up and wraps his hand around Castiel's wrist, pulling him towards the portal. Castiel digs his feet into the floor and they come to a halt.
"Someone turn this shit off and put on some good music before my ears start to bleed!" He calls out over the thrum of some shitty country song about whiskey and girls he just knows his brother would love. He doesn't know who changes it, but suddenly
"Fuck, Benny," Castiel groans. Dean can't see what he's doing and he can't feel Benny's fingers anymore, but it makes Castiel's hips stutter as he fucks up into Dean, leaving him breathless. Whatever Benny's doing to Castiel makes him come before Dean's even noticed he's close - hips thrusting in one last time before he spills into the condom, inside Dean. He hangs his head between his shoulders, his hair matted to his forehead, panting heavily, and Dean pushes himself up to kiss him.
Claire narrows her eyes at him before nodding slowly. "Okay. But if you make him feel shitty in any way I will shoot you."
It looks like any other hipster cafe Dean has ever been to (which is not that many, thankfully), with all the wood and dark colors and shelves of books off to the side. It’s pretty crowded - it is lunchtime after all - and Dean has to zig-zag through the tables to get to the line at the front counter.
Sam grumbles something neither of them can hear and Dean presses a kiss to Castiel's jaw before pulling his cock from Castiel's body and climbing away from him. Castiel falls into a boneless heap on the bed without Dean holding him up, like a marionette whose strings have been cut, and makes a whining noise he'd never expect to come from his own mouth.
Dean lets out a loud guffaw of a laugh. Castiel says it so seriously that Dean knows if anyone else had heard him they
"She's at the hospital, we'll have to pick her up on the way through," Jody tells him, squeezing his shoulder like she can tell he's worried.
Bobby waves his hand dismissively and Dean is about to bolt straight for the Impala before he realises he has to make sure Krissy and Aidan are doing the right thing before he leaves, or face Bobby's wrath. Krissy doesn't like using the board, too terrified the car will somehow fall from the jack and crush her, so she's put the car up on the hydraulic lift and is replacing the hose as Aidan watches with rapt attention.
Castiel nods his head, reaching out for Dean, pulling him back into bed, curling his limbs around Dean’s side. “I love you, Dean.”
Dean salutes the other man and climbs to his feet again, heading back into the garage to find Aidan. There's no sign of Castiel, so Dean suspects he's still out there, on the phone to his dad and packing up the things in his car.
"She still in pain?" Dean asks, staring down at the baby in his arms, who's still wriggling, but mostly quiet, more interested in chewing on the collar of his t-shirt. Sam nods. "Go take a nap in the spare room, I'll get the girls fed and see if I can put this one down, you bring any tylenol?"
“Are you trying to get us killed? What the fuck is wrong with you?” Emma hisses, slapping her empty hand over Dean’s mouth.
"Oh fuck," Dean pushes himself away from the table and rushes into the kitchen, barely making it to the sink before he vomits violently. Everything he's eaten that day spills into the sink, the disgusting stench filling his nostrils, and it makes the vomiting worse. He feels a familiar hand on his back, and it eases the nausea, until finally he stops retching.
Castiel doesn't speak, instead, he squeezes Dean's knee again. Dean scrubs at his suspiciously stinging eyes with the heels of his palms and lets out a sharp breath of air. Once he's decided he's composed himself enough to go back inside, he pats Castiel's hand and climbs to his feet. He stands in front of Castiel and reaches out to take his cheek in his hand, stroking over his cheekbone.
"In our world, he was using Claire and other homeless children to steal money to settle his debt with a loan shark. He attempted to allow said loan shark to force Claire into non-consensual sexual intercourse as payment," Castiel explains. He's playing with a loose thread in the jeans he's wearing, and Dean's never seen him do anything so... human. "You killed him while under the influence of the Mark of Cain."
Dean shrugs. He's not afraid, just confused and angry. Okay, maybe a little afraid. "When I find out who did this to us, I'm going to tear them limb from limb."
"Yeah, cher, but it's alright, I think we can give the broken nose to him for free, might be less likely to say vile things to young girls." Benny replies, and when Dean looks over at him he's pulling off his jacket and toeing off his boots. He's pulling the sheets back behind Dean and is about to climb in when he stops and says, "Fuck I'm not sleeping in jeans, I'm almost fifty."
Castiel’s hand reaches out from the furs and scratches at the base of his neck. "Well, I don’t remember. I woke up one night and I couldn't remember anything, and then when morning came, I turned into a raven. I thought maybe I was cursed? Like that movie?" Dean knows what movies are, he remembers them from when he was young, but he's not seen one in a while, so he has no idea what the other man is talking about. At Dean's confusion, the man continues. "I don't remember anything about myself, but I remember other things. Movies, food, books. The alphabet. There was a movie - well, a couple - for kids, about people who are cursed to be animals during the day and humans during the night."
“I’m sure he’ll heal you right up when he comes,” she says, snorting and rolling her eyes, saluting him on her way out of the room and into the hallway.
Castiel falls onto the bed next to Dean, corner of his mouth tilting up. "It's okay, it was a long, long time ago." His hand slides over and settles on Dean's knee, squeezing, and Dean's heart thunders in his chest. "Dean, I am a shapeshifter, but I haven't always been."
"I'll probably get there by mid August, I'll give you guys a date when I know it. Tomorrow I have to put my papers in and tell the dean to go fuck himself."
Castiel decides, not for the first time, that it’s entirely Gabriel’s fault that Claire is such a shit - and goddamn him for it.
Dean feels a bit like his heart is in his throat, and his voice feels rough to his ears when he says, "Eleven?"
One of Castiel’s hands slides further up Dean’s body, towards his throat, fingers sitting around his neck. He doesn’t squeeze, or hold his fingers down, just leaves them there like a promise, and Dean knows now that it’s exactly what he needs.
"Where is the witch?" the unimpressed man asks. Dean decides he must be Michael, he looks like he has a stick up his ass.
When they get back to the hotel they check for grave robberies in the area to see if they can narrow down the search area. There've been ten grave robberies in two years, in three separate graveyards, before they stopped, two months before the first death. They have no explanation as to why the victims shifted from corpses to living human beings, but he supposes he'll find out when they find the ghoul.
Castiel laughs, and is just about to speak when the waitress approaches them with the pasta, setting it down in front of each of them once they've moved their empty plates. She takes the dishes and another order of drinks before she walks away. "I've a baba - a grandmother - in Russia, some cousins, we visit sometimes, otherwise it's a toss up between Florida and California for summer vacation, Claire likes Florida and Jack likes California."
He sniffs the air, and there in the distance, behind the scent of old books, too-sharp perfume and clean laundry, is
a hellhound?" Jody asks from the other side of the room, eyes wide as she stares at the empty space the hellhound resides in.
Rowena rolls her head on her neck to look at Dean almost lazily and says, "Olivette, the bitch, kicked me out of the Grand Coven because my magic was '
fire, which he doesn't really mind because it means he gets to sit back and watch Dean while he works.
He climbs out of the mass grave and hands the pouch back to Castiel, watching as he puts it into the back, then snaps his fingers, replacing the earth over the skeletons as if it had never been moved in the first place.
Dean knows that even his Castiel cares for Claire (in a way, so does Dean), so it's not a surprise that as soon as the car's stopped, Castiel's jumping out of it. Claire meets him in the middle, squeezing him into a tight hug. She's crying, and Dean thinks Castiel might be too.
. As Dean moans, Castiel says, “and I said only yes and no from now on. The only appropriate alternatives are
Dean hums again, brow furrowed as he stares at the knee of his jeans, at the small dark red splotch on the fabric. Shit.
time to do it themselves,” Dean grumbles, pulling his cock from Castiel’s body and sitting back on his haunches. It leaves enough space for Castiel to be able to roll over onto his back without kicking Dean in the face as he does so, and then sit up. Dean’s arm is reached around his opposite shoulder and it looks like he’s scratching at the base of his wing, face scrunched up into a wince. “Sorry, Cas.”
Castiel pulls away to pant into the air, and Dean mouths over his throat, grazing his teeth over the flesh beneath his ear. Castiel groans and threads his fingers in Dean's hair, holding him closer until Dean's nose is pressed into his neck. "Dean?" Dean hums into Castiel's throat to let him know he's listening, even as he's sucking a purple mark into Castiel's skin. "I want you to fuck me."
Castiel surges forward to kiss Dean as the other man begins careful, measured thrusts of his cock inside Castiel's body, sliding further and further inside of him on every stroke. Castiel cries out on the last stroke inside, as his hole swallows the entirety of Dean's cock and the head of it brushes against his prostate.
It takes getting Garth on the phone to convince the kids to pack their things up and come with them. They’re still terrified, yet they’re still trusting Castiel and Dean enough to follow them.
are Sam's (he has to cuff them at the ankles and tighten the drawstrings). He has his own clothes but he finds he feels much more comfortable in Sam and Dean's, and occasionally Eileen's; he still doesn't understand why she thought finding him in her sweater was so funny (it was soft and it had bees on it.
"Man, you had me at cheese," Dean jokes, smiling brightly over at Castiel, watching as he takes a drink of his whiskey and coke, staring at the menu. "There's this cheesy broccoli and cauliflower bake you can get to share, we should get that too."
Castiel tilts his head to the side curiously, thinking, before he straightens his neck and shrugs. “Then why can’t
Castiel's long list of strengths does not include subtlety, whatsoever, so once he's completed his brief observation of the interactions between the others around him, when Dean next touches Castiel in a way the others don't, he mentions it.
"Hey, Cas," Dean greets, smiling brightly at him. He really wants to lean down and kiss him, but he's not sure if Castiel's had that particular conversation with his kids yet, or even if he had, if he felt comfortable kissing Dean or Benny in front of them. So instead, he just stares at Castiel's mouth for a stupid amount of time, thinking about the last time he kissed Castiel, before he finally looks away. He shoots a smile at Castiel's kids and says, "You guys must be Claire and Jack. I'm Dean."
Castiel is even more confused now, and he screws up his mouth, blinking up at the man in front of him. "I do not understand."
"What, why?" He doesn't get to learn why, because Patience is being flung across the room by an invisible force, back thumping into the wall. When she lands at the base of the wall she leans over and vomits into the carpet.
Dean chews on the end of the piece of garlic bread as he thinks, swallowing before he speaks, "The first car accident was in eighteen-ninety-one and the first speeding ticket was issued in nineteen-oh-two. Oh and the dude was only going forty-five miles per hour. Oh, and the record for removing and replacing a car engine is 42 seconds. When I was in my twenties I tried to beat it, but it took me almost ten minutes. I later realised that the record was set by a team."
Rowena nods her head and lets her arms fall to her sides, the grimace still on her face. "Selene and Endymion had fifty daughters, but by the seventeenth century, when I first came across one, there were only eight left; Sofia, Zoe, Eliana, Alexis, Evangeline, Daphne, Maia, and Dorothea. I don't think it's Sofia, that girl doesn't have the brains that God gave geese." She stops and looks up at them thoughtfully. "You know, Sofia might be our solution, she might just be stupid enough to give up her sister."
Castiel nods his head in understanding before leaning back out of the window and opening the door. “Move over,” he tells Dean, before climbing inside next to the man when he sits up. He shuts the door behind him and they sit there together in silence for a few minutes, listening to the music. After a while, Castiel takes a deep breath and says, “I’m going to present soon.”
Dean has this weird feeling he's seen her before, and when he realizes where from, he feels so angry he thinks he might explode, or spontaneously shift. She's the woman who sold them the crib in the Bolivian flea market. She'd been watching them.
Castiel must know what giving Dean permission to knot him will do to Dean because his grin is sharp and smug when a low primal groan tears its way out of Dean's mouth. Dean anchors himself with a hand on the tree trunk beside Castiel's head as he begins pounding roughly into the angel's body. He feels his knot catch on Castiel's hole, feels the power he uses to make himself looser, slicker, so he can take Dean without pain. Dean's gut grows warm, his muscles tensing as he comes, his knot growing bigger, locking them together.
Rowena's left the TV on for them, and though it's mostly in Dutch, daytime soap operas follow the same storyline no matter which country they're from. One of the shows that starts broadcasting around midday is very similar to a show Dean was obsessed with when he was a teen living with Tasha, Max and Alisha: Dr. Sexy. It was crap, utter trash, but he loved it anyway. Max would often joke that the same guy (Dr. Avery Bacic, the main character) was the reason for both his and Dean's sexual awakenings and Dean honestly can't deny it.
"It's always been my name. The people who raised me told me it was." He looks unsure, like a small child who's been told off but can't understand what for. "My mom, well the woman I called mom, she took me after our pack was killed." Dean goes to say something, but Rowena hits him again. "I don't understand."
Castiel circles the bed again and pulls the flogger from the case, sitting it over his shoulder while he moves the case back onto the floor. He climbs up onto the bed and knees his way to Dean, helping him into his front, head over a pillow. “That okay? Yes or no from now on.”
"Castiel better explain that part, ‘cause I'm still not entirely sure I understand," Dean replies, turning to look at Castiel expectantly.
Dean parks in the driveway, leaving enough space for Castiel to get in behind him when he arrives before climbing out of the Impala. He takes two of the pies, and Benny takes the other with his casserole into the house. Sam's in the kitchen frowning down at a tray of half-cooked roasted potatoes, like it's algebra and he has no idea what it means.
He takes his phone into the kitchen and checks on the pasta bake, taking off the tinfoil and sprinkling more cheese on the top before putting it back in and lowering the temperature. He shoves the two loaves of garlic bread in with it and makes Sam's stupid salad. He's cutting up tomatoes when his phone buzzes and he puts the knife down and wipes his hands to check it.
Dean’s face nuzzles into Castiel’s throat, pressing gentle kisses to Castiel’s skin, a contradiction to the hard thrust of his dick. Lightning shoots through Castiel’s body, stings of pleasure that make Castiel feel electric. He doesn’t think it’ll take much to make him come, or that Dean will even need to touch his cock. Dean’s wings flutter behind him, and Castiel really wants to reach out and touch them, but with his arms held down he’s immobile, unable to do anything other than look. They’re so dark, inky black but almost iridescent when the moonlight hits the feathers just right.
Castiel's eyes dark to Benny, who's staring down at his coffee, face thoughtful, nodding his head slowly along with Dean's words. When Benny realises Castiel's watching him, he looks up and smiles at him. Castiel looks thoughtful, then, and after a moment of silence, he stares Benny down and says, "Can you get Monday night off?"
"I don't know why we decided to come here, she won't even greet her favourite babysitter, how fucking rude." Jo reaches over the table and punches Dean in the shoulder, hard enough that it actually hurts. "Bitch."
"I…" Castiel says, tilting his head to the side, eyebrows stitched together into a frown. "I wouldn't have been opposed."
Rowena waves her hand dismissively and turns around to lean over the counter behind her. Dean takes the pause to look around the room. They're in a fancy hotel room, and by the sign on the wall, welcoming them to
Jo sidles up to the table and while Dean hadn't been expecting to see her, at least not until Christmas, he manages, without stumbling, "Hey asshole, haven't seen you in weeks, sorta hoping you'd gone and died on me."
Dean nods again, chewing on his bottom lip. “I have more guilt now. Dad, he hated same presentation mating more than he hated same gender mating. He’s been dead for almost fifteen years and he still hangs around like a bad smell.” Dean sighs, leaning back against the leather seat, rolling his head to the side to look at Dean. “I still have things that I have to unlearn, but I want you more than I’ve ever wanted anything in my entire life, Cas.”
While he's waiting for Castiel to reply he takes himself off to the shower, leaving his phone on the sink as he gets his towel and a change of clothes. When he comes back, Castiel has replied.
Dean reaches over and squeezes Castiel's shoulder. "I wish I could say no, Cas, I really do, but… probably." When Castiel curves into Dean's side, Dean doesn't stop him. In fact, he curls his arm around Castiel's shoulders. It's been so long since he's held someone like this.
"Touch your cock for me, cher, I wanna see you come." Neither of them are the most vocal in bed, but every goddamned time, without fail, Benny goes and says something like this, or something in French, and Dean loses all the higher brain function he had left. Dean grunts into Benny's neck and reaches down with the hand from Benny's hair, wrapping it around the base of his cock. "That's it."
Eileen and Sam both nod before Eileen - the resident omega expert, given her personal presentation - signs, “Familiar scents help comfort omegas, but omegas don’t bring the scent of someone that isn’t blood related into a nest unless…”
Not long later, a waitress approaches them with a bright smile and says, "Hey guys I'm Alba, what can I get you tonight?"
Dean waves his hand, suddenly overwhelmed. "I'll get back to that in a minute. What are the other ingredients to the spell?"
Inside his bedroom he leaves his dirty clothes on the floor and climbs into bed. It's seconds before he's joined by Castiel and Benny - Castiel curled around Dean's side with his arm flung over Dean's belly, Benny around Castiel's back with his arm flung over them both.
Benny has the balls to say something else, eyes flicking between Dean and Castiel, and Dean doesn't understand any of it, only that it makes Castiel's face heat further. Dean's belly feels warm, and he ignores it in favour of catching Benny's eye to give him an exasperated frown, mouth drawn into a tight line. Because Benny is a fucking child, he pokes his tongue  out at Dean in retaliation.
"Before the Men of Letters locked him up, he willingly went to them. And he's being crazy shifty." Dean gives his brother a suspicious frown, screwing up his mouth. He hadn't noticed Crowley being shifty, but then again. "You and Cas wouldn't know what's going on around you if the house were on fire. You have an extremely unhealthy attachment to each other, and it was worse with Jack."
Dean finds accomplishment in the noise Castiel makes, like he's choking on his own breath, and the redness of Benny's entire face. "Well you better hurry up, or I'll change my mind, the inside of Baby still needs cleaning you know!"
"Hey, are you guys almost done?" Sam asks from the receiver, a nervous tilt to his voice. It makes Dean worry. "Bobby's found the location, at least to a five-block radius, and…”
Dean mumbles through the tape, trying to move his mouth, opening his eyes wide, and jerking his head to the side. He’s not sure if he’s getting his point across for a moment, until the oldest breaks away from the other two and reaches forward to rip the tape off of Dean’s mouth.
Dean's breath catches in his throat, and he leans up on his elbows so he can look down at Castiel. He's flushed from his cheeks all the way down to his chest, an attractive warm pink colour that Dean wants to get his mouth on, and he's worrying at his bottom lip with his teeth. "Yeah. Yeah."
"Okay, okay," Dean whispers, stroking him gently. His cries quieten and the smell of distress lessens, and even though he's still unhappy and whimpering, he's far more content, and Dean would like to think it's because they're here. "Alright buddy, let's take you home."
Because Benny is Benny, and he either knows Dean so well and knows exactly what he wants every second of every day, or he's psychic, he says, "Will you lay over the hood for me, cher?"
Dean snickers. "No." When Dean leans up to look at him, Castiel is pouting. "Hey, don't look at me like that."
In town he goes to the grocery store, waving to Margaret, the attendant at the counter. She's kind, and she never asks why he's always wearing weather-inappropriate clothing, or why he's sometimes pretty filthy, particularly in the colder months when the lakes freeze over. He grabs longer-lasting vegetables like potatoes, onions and carrots, as well as some fruit and a block of chocolate. He takes them to the counter and sets them down in front of Margaret.
Castiel doesn't hesitate, sliding his hand from Dean's shoulder and into his hair, threading his fingers through the strands and pulling Dean closer, kissing him harder. He tastes like winter sunshine and the way forest earth smells in autumn, and Dean can't explain it, but he wants more.
Sam agrees to go back with them, although hesitantly, still afraid of the hunters and the Men of Letters. It's midday in Sioux Falls, almost three hours after they left, and Castiel is exactly where they left him: perched on the back of the couch.
"As an infant, Jack hasn't come into his powers yet, it's likely that taking him into hell would kill him," Castiel answers. "Thank you for your assistance, Bobby."
Castiel's not sure what it is, the strength of Dean's thrusts, the hand on Castiel's cock, the way Dean says
Dean snorts, “I’ll bet.” Dean looks up at Castiel from the fork and says, “Speaking of which, not that it’s really any of my business… but, why haven’t you taken your grace back out yet? It's been months. You said you wanted to stay human."
Dean gets it, the hopelessness. They've fought - and won - apocalypses before, but this is different. Here, Castiel is human, magic doesn't exist, and they have no Sam. This isn't their world, and they probably get to go home when this is over, but the other Castiel and Dean don't, Claire and Emma don't. This is their world, their lives. It makes Dean really... sad.
Deanna dives into the room and falls into his arms with a screech of his name. "I bought you a present yesterday, but I'm not allowed to tell you what it is."
Sam's too tired to argue, and just lifts the baby bag off of his shoulder and onto Dean's, poking at one of the side pockets before he collects Eileen from the lounge room and takes her into the spare room. Dean takes the two girls into the kitchen and gets Deanna to hold Mary for a minute while he gets the food out of the oven, taking her back while he dishes a plate for himself and one for Deanna.
He doesn't understand why Dean makes an alarming choking sound, or why Sam is biting his tongue to stop an amused grin (though barely) as he signs something to Eileen that is too fast for Castiel to translate.
. He does love Mary, on the other hand, and manages to steal her away for most of the night, playing with her while he eats. Castiel has a soft look on his face and Dean's chest is tight with fondness.
“I think she saw Ollie by himself on the street - saw him dirty and hungry - and wanted to help him. Take him somewhere to feed and clothe him,” Dean tells them, suddenly realizing they hadn’t found the pocket knife in the wrist of his jacket. He’d been too distracted by the shock of being faced with children to notice before then. “She could’ve been human trafficking, I don’t know, but the first is more likely.”
Dean has placed his hand on Castiel's elbow to lead him through the doors into a Wisconsin diner, after Sam and Eileen. Castiel lets him but also turns to shoot him a curious look and tells him, "I can find the way myself, Dean. Not that I don't appreciate the contact, as always."
There's a wait as Castiel types, and then finally, after what feels like ten minutes, the text comes through. It's a long one.
Castiel gets caught at the second X tension, but it only takes a bit of instruction from Dean to fix it. He extends the rope without needing Dean’s help (though he does it slowly to make sure he does it right) then finishes the harness, tying it off.
He's about to ask if Castiel's alright when he hears a sharp intake of breath from the coffin, then a litany of coughs before the lid is swinging open forcefully and landing with a loud bang. An older man with a thick beard wearing a ratty trucker cap and a black suit sits up in the opening, hitting his chest with his fist as he continues to cough.
Since Castiel is no longer the voice of reason, Dean stands up and whistles through his fingers, shocking them out of their argument. "Since none of you want to behave like adults, Rowena and I are in charge now. Lucifer is going to bring Dagon and Kelly here, Michael is going to ready the angels for an attack on the American Men of Letters to retrieve Castiel's Grace and Castiel, Rowena and I will come up with a plan." When none of the three react, Dean shouts, "Now!"
A sound like the crack of lightning comes with Dean’s first hard shove in and the angel shouts something in Enochian and begins to pull back.
Dean grins and pats Castiel's leg again. "Good. I sent the kids to see to a vamp in Cedar Rapids, but Sam found a haunting in Wyoming so I'll send them there and we'll take Iowa. If we leave in the morning we'll get there by noon."
It hurts - not too much but just enough that Castiel's whole body tenses and Dean has to pull out again so he doesn't actually do Castiel any damage. He kisses Castiel gently and into his mouth, whispers, "Baby, you gotta relax."
The raven on his shoulder trills something that almost sounds like a laugh and pecks at Dean's hair again. Dean rolls his shoulder to force the raven to fly off of it, glaring at it as he settles onto the back of the couch again, looking far too amused for a bird.
As he drives, he decides to bring up the possibility of using an archangel summoning ritual with Castiel later when Emma isn't around. If it doesn't work, no harm done, but he reckons they should give it a try nonetheless. God, Dean doesn't even know if, well,
Dean scratches the back of his neck and then shrugs one shoulder. "’Cause we're different. Humans hate things that are different. They kill their own kind for the colour of their skin and the people they choose to love."
Dean collapses onto the ground next to Castiel and says, "It's your name, maybe it's like with ‘Castiel’ and you just know it's yours. Just because you don't remember anyone calling you that doesn't mean you never were." He pats Castiel on the back and wiggles his toes in front of the fire. "I was thinking I could find a rabbit tomorrow, could make stew. Hopefully the lake won't be frozen over."
Castiel snorts in amusement and rolls his eyes again, reaching behind himself to take Dean’s dick in his hand. He holds it up, pressing the head to the opening of his body, but then stops before he slides down. “I like it when you call me buddy, but not when we’re having sex.”
Occasionally, when he needs something Castiel has cut up, he'll lean over where Castiel sits, hand on Castiel's shoulder to steady himself, hair brushing against Castiel's cheek. It's the only time Sam will look up from his book, to shoot them a confused frown, before he shakes his head and continues reading. Castiel is still confused, more so than he was by Dean's increased contact, but he hasn't bothered to ask what Sam had meant.
They visit the morgue after lunch and examine each of the bodies. Quite a lot more flesh is missing than Dean first thought - on the second victim he can see rib bone - solidifying Dean’s theory on ghouls.
Benny looks incredibly confused, probably because most of the food names are in transliterated Greek, and some of it's just in pure Greek. Castiel seems like he sort of understands, or at least recognises the names, but he keeps frowning. Dean takes pity on them. "Do you guys need help?"
Dean's eyes are wide and his breath is caught in his throat as the shock at what she's just said sinks into his thick skull. He manages not to blurt out anything stupid and instead says, "We're not fighting, we're just trying to figure something out."
"Oh! She'd tried hiding the test in the bathroom trash can but I accidentally kicked it over as I was trying to get out of my jeans when they were caked in ghoul guts," Dean explains, shrugging his shoulders, mouth turned up into a grin. "I knew it wasn't mine, and I suspected it wasn't yours or Sam's."
“I love you too, baby,” Dean says gently, pressing a kiss to Castiel’s forehead as he reaches over for his phone on the bedside table. “How long?”
Claire catches Dean's eye, squatting down in the lip of the garage, staring into the box of old tapes Dean found at a garage sale and was planning to show Deanna, see if any of them were worth keeping. "If you want any of them, take them."
"Okay, call them both," Dean tells them. "But first we have to decide what we're going to do with Lucifer, because you know he'll just keep coming back for Jack."
They find themselves in Muncie, Indiana, looking for fuel and shelter, and Castiel uses the coincidence to again accuse Gabriel.
plays on the TV), and most of the way through pancakes and bacon. Dean’s head tilts to the side suddenly and his eyes unfocus, which is usually an indication that he’s listening to Angel Radio. He stands up from the table and clicks his fingers, swapping the track pants he’d stolen from Castiel’s closet for his normal black suit and shiny shoes.
"Thanks," Castiel says again, unscrewing the cap and drinking in the warm liquid, throat moving with his gulps. He drinks the last of it, all in one go, and Dean's too surprised to mind. "Are you… are you like me?"
"I bought you something," Dean says, riffling through the bag that still holds his groceries inside. He pulls out the chocolate and hands it to Castiel. "Thought you probably hadn't had any in a while."
"Thanks, dad," Emma says, feeling around the bandage before smiling at Dean and laying her head on his shoulder. "I love you."
Dean nods his understanding. “Was this a month ago?” The kids nod. So the father was feeding them corpses until he died. “Why did you kill people? He had to have taught you how to scavenge from corpses.”
Castiel explains that Eileen left just before Sam arrived home, and asked Castiel to tell Sam she'd be back soon. With Sam satisfied, he leaves the room.
Benny's laughter is sharp, and it's doing awesome things to the warmth brewing in Dean's gut. Jesus Christ. "I swear to God, both of you need to stop right now."
She looks the same as the last time he saw her. She’s sixteen here, too, which makes no sense when she was sixteen three years ago.
For the first time in the months since Dean became human again, maybe even before then, he wakes without a hangover. It’s probably Dean’s first indication that something is wrong, especially when he remembers the bottle of whiskey he knocked back the night before.
He hears Dean stumbling down the hallway - Sam likens it to the approach of a drunken zombie, grunting and all -  and when he steps through the doorway, Castiel has a coffee ready for him, held out. Dean takes it gratefully and swallows at least half of it while it's still boiling hot as Castiel says, "Eileen can be forgiven for being so loud because she's deaf, but Sam has no such excuse."
Castiel blinks up at Dean and nods once, slowly, then a few more times. "Yeah. I do," he looks around at the others and the skin over his cheekbones burn red. "I think I need to get dressed."
Dean's not sure what he's expecting when they reach the building, but it's certainly not the Claire that greets them. He's never seen her so... well,
Castiel smiles toothily at Dean and lets go of him so he can pick up the rope and begin rolling it around his hand and tying it up, doing the same with the next piece of rope. Dean watches him do it, sitting back to lean against the headboard.
"Hey," he says, staring out the window and suddenly realising he doesn't know when the sun will rise and Castiel will shift into his raven form. Animals can't go through Rowena's portals, they found that out when he tried to enter in wolf form and an electricity bolt shot like lightning through him. They'll either have to go tonight, before the sun rises, or wait until the next night. "How long until dawn?"
Lucifer sucks his teeth, and with all the impatience and sarcasm of a teenager who's being told off by their parents and couldn't give fuck, rolls his eyes and says, "Do you think I'm
Dean knows how long it took him to move into his parents house after his dad died, and he has to stop himself from saying something stupid like offering the two spare bedrooms he has to Cas and his kids. Instead he says something equally stupid, "Do you want to get dinner later?"
Sam meets with the other man's lawyer and they agree to a bargain without taking it to court. Dean pays for damages, including the man's hospital bills, and agrees to see Mia more regularly and review his medications and therapies, and the man agrees to never set foot back in town. In the deal, it's also agreed that if either break it, they go to court, and the particulars of the fight are brought up, including the sexual harassment and hateful comments, and that the man threw the first punch. Sam tells Dean that the lawyer wasn't aware of the man's side in the argument, and became more insistent that they agree on the deal. Dean ends up paying two and a half thousand for hospital fees and five hundred for damages, which is the same cost as an assault fine.
Benny's cheeks flush and he steps up between the vee of Dean's legs, curling his arms under Dean's knees and pushing his legs up. It almost throws Dean off-balance and he has to shoot his hand out behind him quickly to hold himself up. He wraps his other arm around Benny's shoulders and holds onto him as the other man takes his cock and presses the head to Dean's hole, pushing it in slowly.
So Dean very gently wakes Castiel by shaking his shoulder and says, "I'm going to kiss you again, that cool?"
He had, but he's really trying to be a respectable adult who doesn't get random hard ons, so he's tried very hard not to think about it. Now though, he remembers the video of Benny with three fingers in his ass and Castiel's responding picture, his belly covered with come. He hadn't seen it the night before, he'd been completely passed out, but he'd seen it in the morning and had jerked off to it
“Still unconscious. Gabriel has healed them, but we were unable to wake them,” Castiel tells him, brow furrowed. “I found Gabriel in a Holy Oil trap, the spell must not have been powerful enough to work on an archangel.”
Dean leaves it for the rest of the night and puts a reminder in his phone to pick up some blue label, because at least then Rufus will be more likely to tell him. Castiel leaves around ten after he's eaten and cradled three more whiskey and cokes for at least half an hour each, and Dean cheerily wishes him a goodbye, which he gets a strange look for.
Rowena waves her hand in a gesture of uncertainty before rubbing her chin with her fingers. "If I need to, I'll just send her through a portal. It'll take her a bit to get back to us, long enough for you to have joined us."
Dean chuckles and nods his head, placing a hand on Castiel’s back before pushing the both of them back into the blankets. He folds Castiel’s legs out to the side and reaches down to press his dick back into Castiel’s body. He unhooks Castiel’s arms from around his neck and slips his fingers between Castiel’s, pressing his hands into the pillows above his head.
Dean laughs again - he tries not to, he really does, but he just can't help it. "I'm sorry, I'm sorry. I'm done, I promise." He bites his lip to stop the laughter from bursting out of him again and puts another finished pancake on the plate. "I won't make him feel shitty, I promise."
Castiel doesn't like going out to pick up groceries by himself; he's so used to going with Dean that he feels surprisingly lonely. But Sam had asked him to, and promised everything would be explained when he got back, and Castiel trusts him so he goes.
Castiel is waiting for Dean by his car in the bed and breakfast parking lot, leaning against the trunk, staring down at his phone. The Impala's headlights illuminate him as Dean turns into the lot, and he looks up, mouth turning up into a smile. Dean leans over and pulls up the door lock so Castiel can let himself in, falling into the passenger seat with a squeak of leather, shutting the door behind him.
Dean’s eyes flutter closed and he groans deep in his throat, pulling at his restraints just to feel the stretch. Castiel tugs at Dean’s hair again, holding the strands tightly in his fist, and Dean groans again, cock throbbing in his briefs.
Sam appears first, sitting at the table next to Jack, clapping a hand over his shoulder in greeting, and smiling over at Rowena. Castiel hands the pot of pasta to Dean who places it on the table, then the pile of plates, then the salad Dean begrudgingly made (after a fair amount of complaint). There's still most of a bottle of wine in the fridge and Castiel grabs that while he's reaching for the beers. Eileen looks nauseous again when she enters the room, she’s a bit pale and looks like she might vomit, the way she’s looked on and off for days. Castiel's suddenly reminded of the hours Kelly would spend in front of the toilet the closer she got to her due date. She often complained about having to go through the morning sickness again, and not being told that it could reoccur.
Dean slides his hands up Castiel’s thighs, cupping them around the man’s hips. He tries to look as innocent as possible as he stares up at Castiel. “I don’t know what you’re talking about.” Then again, he was never as good at the doe-eyed look as Castiel.
When Sam's gone Benny sits down next to him, pulling Dean into his side. Dean lets him, pressing his face into Benny's neck and taking a deep breath. Benny smells nice, like his cologne and food, and Dean breathes him in, tries to center himself. Benny's arm tightens around him and he rests his head on top of Dean's.Neither of them speak, Benny knows Dean wants silence after he's had an episode, and Dean appreciates it.
Castiel crosses his arms over his chest, then crosses his legs at the ankles, humming. "Benjamin and my parents were killed at the hands of other shapeshifters, over territory. It was bad, but compared to what the Men of Letters have done to our people? Nothing." He's leaning back awkwardly, back curved in a way that is no doubt uncomfortable, but Castiel doesn't move. In fact, he's so still Dean could almost mistake him for a statue. "Anna and Balthazar died the day I discovered I existed as an angel before I fell. When the Men of Letters stole my Grace." At Dean's confused head tilt Castiel explains. "When an angel falls on purpose, their Grace falls with them but doesn't stay in their new vessels - bodies. It sort of looks like a meteorite falling to earth? When it lands it enriches its surroundings, rather than destroying it as a meteorite would. I've known of Grace-created trees, an oasis in the desert, lakes. The field in where my Grace landed sprouted a large naturally occurring patch of lavender. When I was a kid I felt this strong connection to the field but I didn't know why until I discovered what I was."
,” Castiel mutters at the first touch of Dean’s tongue. He buries his face further into the pillows, grasping them in his hands as Dean carefully, agonisingly slowly, laves his tongue over Castiel’s hole. Dean's hands come up to spread Castiel’s cheeks apart so he can press his face in deeper and dig his tongue in the furl of skin, wrenching a whine from Castiel’s throat.
Castiel crooks his finger up, searching for Dean's prostate, finding it with a triumphant hum and stroking it until Dean's body shakes with pleasure. Dean's about to tell him to stop before he does something stupid like come too soon, but Castiel does it without having to be asked, pulling his finger from the clutch of Dean's body and replacing it with two. Without the fear of coming looming over his head like a storm cloud, Dean relaxes into Castiel's fingers, melting back against the mattress and closing his eyes. Castiel really is good with
During pie and ice cream, Sam sets out the card games and they play a few rounds of texas hold'em, a few rounds of Cards Against Humanity (all of which Castiel absolutely destroys them all at it, and it's the funniest thing ever), then a few rounds of uno when most of the adults have had too much to drink to concentrate. Dean is having the
Benny's car is waiting in the driveway, and Dean finds him making himself at home in Dean's kitchen. He's made himself a sandwich and poured himself a beer, and he's sitting at the kitchen bench, staring at the doorway as Dean comes through it. "Hey," he greets, before going back to his food.
Sam's face morphs into confusion, and then contemplation, then something like resignation, which he hides with a smile that doesn't quite reach his eyes. "No, I just thought it meant you- no. Nevermind, just ignore me. Have you seen Eileen?"
"Okay, so we have a plan, then?" Sam asks. "Rowena and the Grand Coven summon the witch, the humans take down the angel proofing and we go in? Ah, fuck," he says suddenly, slapping a hand to his face so hard Dean has no doubt it had to hurt. "How do we get the humans out once they've broken the wards? And how do we get out when we're done?"
"Cas," Dean mumbles, reaching up to take Castiel's face in his palm. His skin tingles with power. "You took your Grace back."
This time, he presses his forehead to Dean’s and closes his eyes. After a long silence between the two of them, no sound in the garage but the quiet rhythm of the music playing on the radio Castiel takes a breath and says, “You can keep the t-shirt, but I want my hoodie and the pillow back.”
Castiel's long list of strengths does not include subtlety, whatsoever, so once he's completed his brief observation of the interactions between the others around him, when Dean next touches Castiel in a way the others don't, he mentions it.
"What's going on with Gabriel? I don't want specifics," Dean says, kicking at the grass under his boot. They're waiting for the humans to return with ammo and firearms now, and then they start. A strange mix of anticipation, fear, and the early stages of adrenaline swim in his gut.
Dean slides a third finger inside Castiel's body, stretching him out slowly and carefully, before he finally removes all of his fingers and says, "Okay, I think you're ready, but if it hurts, I can do a fourth finger." Castiel nods his agreement and lets his suddenly aching legs fall back to the bed while he watches Dean search through the drawer again. He comes back with a condom, tearing the packet open and sliding it over his cock with ease. He moves his phone back to the bedside table, looks back at Castiel and says, "Uh."
Dean sighs, shakes his head. “So many different reasons. Left over guilt from dad, uncertainty of my own feelings, fear. I thought I imagined it for a long time, thought I was seeing what I wanted so badly to see. You were an angel, how could you ever love a human like that?”
shifts. It grows larger and more human-like, and the shrill croaks become pained groans. Suddenly, there's a fully grown man in his lap rather than the raven it once was, and Dean can't do more than stare at him in shock.
Dean hasn't done this since he was eleven, but he remembers it like it was yesterday. He clasps his hand in a fist and presses it to his heart, bowing his head, then says, "Dean Winchester, firstborn son of John Winchester, second to the Alpha of the Kansas werewolf pack." 	He looks up at the man. "Well, I was."
Dean snickers and takes the lube from him, maneuvering them both so they're in the middle of the bed before settling himself between Castiel's thighs. He tugs the briefs down Castiel's hips and off of his legs, leaning back so Castiel's foot doesn't catch him in the face, before throwing them over his shoulder. Dean never really had a chance to get a good look at Castiel before, so in the light he lets himself, eyes tracing from his face, down his flushed chest, over the bulge of his biceps and the bumps of his ribs. The vee of his hips taper down into a nest of curls as dark as Castiel's hair at his groin, his cock nestled over them. It's hard and flushed a dark red, and Dean leans down to press his mouth to the protruding vein that trails to the head. He gets distracted licking at Castiel's warm flesh, taking the head into his mouth and sucking until it hollows his cheeks. Castiel howls, and Dean's hand flies up to cover his mouth, fingers digging into his cheek.
testing the word on his tongue like he's not sure what it means. He doesn't let go of Castiel's elbow, though; not until they've reached the booth Sam and Eileen have chosen to occupy, letting go only as he's falling onto the bench.
The car catches Deanna's eye and she turns to him and asks, "Do you know that one?" Good taste in music isn't the only thing she got from him.
Dean doesn't disagree with him. Castiel replied with a series of blushing emojis and Benny replied to that with an eggplant, a peach and the lips, then
Castiel frowns, tilting his head to the side as he tries to process Dean's words. "Dean, humans who were born male cannot become pregnant, it couldn't have been yours, mine or Sam's."
, one of Dean’s favourite shows (he says it’s because the main character is hot and there’s lots of blood, but Castiel knows differently). He’s seen it just about a million times, but Castiel knows he’ll still be mad when he realises they’ve been watching it without him.
Dean looks at Castiel, then back at Cat before he says, “We found Baby’s Breath with the latest body, we haven’t been able to find any bushes other than the one out front. It’s the only clue with have.”
Castiel nods his head and pulls the flogger away from Dean’s skin, only to bring it down hard with a loud
For once in the six months that he's been human he wishes he still had his powers, only to be reminded by the voice in the back of his head (that has begun to sound suspiciously like Dean) how intrusive his friends found his mind-reading.
Jack stays for three days - eating and sleeping, watching TV pressed in between Dean and Castiel - before disappearing again, just in time for Sam and Eileen’s return. Eileen pulls Castiel aside quietly to ask him how everything went, and Castiel has to explain that he never even got a chance to speak to Dean thanks to Jack’s appearance.
Dean really doesn't like the way Lucifer is looking at Castiel, and he really wants to shoot him, but he thinks better of it before he actually does it. "Where. Is. Jack?"
As Jack pulls away from Castiel, satisfied with the layer of saliva he's left on Castiel's cheek during his kiss, he says, "Cas, look!" On his outstretched hand, a small ball of flickering fire appears. He looks so proud of himself and his smile is wider and brighter.
Dean's hand leaves Castiel's thigh to reach down between them and take a hold of his cock, pressing it against Castiel's hole before finally, gently, pressing inside.
Before he can start the car again, he realises they're being surrounded by people with guns, yelling at them to get out of the car.
The doorbell rings, and Mary's face scrunches up, like she's going to cry, so he picks her up and takes her to answer the door. Castiel is standing there, Claire and Jack behind him, and he grins brightly when he sees Dean. "Hey." Dean wants to kiss him. "C'mon in, Benny and Sam are in the kitchen, Eileen's in the bathroom with Deanna."
"Benny, man, there is a hideous Continental outside and I love it," Dean announces, dropping his bag and jacket in the cupboard under the bar, kicking the door shut with the toe of his boot. He takes his apron from the hook next to the drink shelves and ties it around his waist. "It would be totally illegal if I stole it and took it for a joyride, right? I want to see if she has hydraulics."
likes it. Dean gets his fingers threaded through Castiel's short hair, just to feel the way it tickles his hand, and sighs, strangely content.
Despite the strange start and despite the age difference, Deanna and Claire get on like a house on fire. While they're setting the table they talk about the albums Dean has shown Deanna and Claire talks about the concerts she's been to. Deanna laments that Sam thinks she's too young, and Claire promises to take her when she's old enough. Jack seems happy enough to not be in the conversation, though they try to involve him anyway, even if the only things he has to say are about music Claire has shown him that he thought was alright, but he doesn't
“Pay attention,” Dean murmurs, hand tightening incrementally - not enough to cut off Castiel’s breath, but enough to make him feel it.
When Dean opens his eyes on a blink they're in a large field filled with bright yellow sunflowers that have grown close to Dean's height, stretching up towards the sun. He reaches up to brush his fingers against one of them. He'd never admit it to anyone, but sunflowers are his favourite.
Inside, sitting in the bottom, is a pile of blankets and pillows (including Castiel’s own) and a bunch of Castiel’s clothes, more than Castiel had realised was missing. He doesn’t understand it, there’s still so much of humanity he needs to learn, so he leaves the clothes where they are and goes to ask the two people he’s sure will have some ideas.
His first guess is a djinn, but he’s not sure how this is supposed to be a good dream. He has no idea where he is, and he has no idea who he’s with. Besides, he was locked up tight in the bunker when he went to bed.
"Sam isn't. Eileen can occasionally initiate physical contact, but certainly not to the extent that you do," Castiel says. He wrings his hands - a nervous gesture he has begun noticing in himself since reclaiming his humanity - and then bites his bottom lip with the effort to keep his hands still. "I enjoy your touch, Dean."
"Jesus fuck, Benny," Dean grunts, sliding his hand over the back of Benny's head to hold him in place. Benny's teeth are unnecessarily sharp, and Dean always worried that he'd break the skin one day, the way he always goes for Dean's neck. Not that Dean doesn't enjoy it immensely. Benny sinks his teeth into the flesh of Dean's throat, between the joint of his shoulder and his collarbone and sucks, dragging a groan from deep within Dean's chest. "Fucking hell, man."
"Soon," Dean replies, taking in the hesitancy and anxiety on the faces in front of him. He gets it, the plan is kind of insane, but it's the only one they've got. "The Nephilim's birth is close, it needs to be done before he's born."
Rowena has been spending more time at the bunker, and while both she and Sam think Dean, Castiel, and Jack are in the dark, they aren’t. At least, Dean isn’t in the dark. He’s not sure where Castiel and Jack are, except they never notice anything, ever. Jack’s still naive, despite - these days - being what passes for an all-powerful, almighty deity. And Castiel rarely cares enough about anything that doesn’t specifically involve him enough to pay attention. It bothers Dean endlessly.
Benny laughs, then gives Dean the most innocent look he can manage (which doesn't look very innocent at all) saying, "But cher, it was right there, and I
. He looks back up at Bobby and goes to ask him while he'll need it, but the older man interrupts him before he can, "It won't kill Lucifer, but it'll stun him, buy you some time." He reaches back into the bag and pulls out a knife with a serrated blade and an antler handle, words in a language Dean doesn't recognize carved into the steel. He flips the knife so he's holding the dull edge of the blade and hands it to Sam. "Demon blade. Stick 'em with the pointy end in any and all major arteries."
A thought pops into his head, reminding him to grab condoms and lube, and it's not until he's standing there with the things in his hands that he realises that it wasn't
Dean does, happily, leaning up to plant one on Castiel’s mouth before Castiel climbs out of the tray.
Once Dean's completely naked, he nudges Castiel over on the bed and climbs up to lie against the pillows, linking his fingers behind his head. "Well come on then."
"Realistically? Probably not," Castiel answers, looking thoughtfully up into the sky, shading his eyes from the bright midday sun. Dean thinks he could probably stare straight at the sun if he wanted to, and shielding his eyes from it is probably a leftover gesture from his time as a mortal being. "Perhaps if I've met them? Otherwise, Gabriel would have an easier time. Who is it?"
Castiel nods his head, climbing out of Dean's lap and laying down on his back where Dean was sitting. "What are you going to do?"
Dean shrugs his shoulders, "What was I gonna do with it? Besides, I know Sam's been putting money away to pay me back for it, Eileen's not very good at keeping secrets. But I really don't need it. I've got two jobs that pay me enough that I can buy one-hundred dollar fifty-year-old vinyls without denting my money too much, the house was paid off before it came into my name. I really don't need it."
"Hey," he whispers, catching Castiel's attention but also careful not to wake Benny. Castiel turns around to look at him, smiling gently. "Where are you going?"
"Sam isn't. Eileen can occasionally initiate physical contact, but certainly not to the extent that you do," Castiel says. He wrings his hands - a nervous gesture he has begun noticing in himself since reclaiming his humanity - and then bites his bottom lip with the effort to keep his hands still. "I enjoy your touch, Dean."
The look of embarrassment slides off of his face and suddenly becomes confusion. "Cas… you called me… I know that name. Why do I know that name? I've never known anything about myself before."
When the sun sets and Castiel has shifted, Dean lifts his head and says in a pained grunt, "You're gonna have to dig out the bullets, Cas. Thank Gods they weren't silver. They probably weren't hunting me, but they will be now."
He hears Sam swear and heads in the direction of his voice, winding his way through the hallways until he makes it to the library where Sam's using Gabriel as a human (archangel?) shield.
Castiel stops, mouth pressed to Dean's skin, but it doesn't take him long to understand, and he smiles widely. "I
"Such a gentleman," Dean says with a weak choke of laughter, squeezing his body around Benny's fingers. The tips of Benny's thick fingers are jabbing into Dean's prostate, and despite how long he'd been waiting for it, Dean's orgasm still catches him by surprise. "Jesus
Deanna nods happily, racing into the lounge room and launching herself at the couch. She turns the TV on, puts on Netflix and starts typing in
," Castiel hisses. A rush of his power washing over Dean tells him the angel's eyes are shining celestial blue, and even if it doesn't seem to do anything to Lucifer, Dagon's eyes blink. It's barely imperceptible, but it's there, and they can use it.
Deanna ignores him. "'Because he's a little shit, but the jokes on him because I'm exactly like Uncle Dean'."
"Has he paid already?" They make the strangers prepay and are happy for the regulars to postpay, and he's goddamned hoping this one's a stranger, cause he's about to fuck his shit up. Josephine nods. Charlie's face has lost that murderous edge, and she's chewing on her bottom lip. "Roughly, what did he say? You don't have to tell me word for word."
, listening to a song on the record player that Castiel's pretty sure he recognises but can't name. He puts the book, open and face-down, on the bedside table and when he looks up at Castiel his eyes catch on his torso and his cheeks tinge red. "Is that my henley?"
Benny snorts, slipping his arms around Dean and pulling him back when he decides Dean is taking too long to do it himself. "Take your shoes off, too, Dean hates shoes in the bed."
"Did I survive? I almost didn't," Dean scoffs. "They set fire to my pack lands to burn the evidence, and I waited, wanted to die with my family." He traces the scar running from hip to hip on his belly. It’s the only scar that's stayed with him, despite his fast healing. He's glad. It’s a reminder of his family, and of what the humans did to them. "A sorcerer - Tasha - followed the smoke and found me. She had two babies of her own, but she raised me anyway." Dean takes the bottle back from Castiel and just holds it, staring into the fire. "They killed her too, and her daughter Alicia. Not Max, though. I see him sometimes, he visits when he's in the area. The humans have been systematically wiping out the magical creatures on the planet for centuries. I reckon they're probably getting close by now."
Dean nods - he can do that. He turns to look over at the raven perched on the bed, dark eyes following their every movement. Castiel doesn't need to be involved with this bullshit, he shouldn't have to be involved in this war. Castiel's gaze is so strong and intense that Dean can barely manage to pull himself away to ask Rowena, "And Castiel? His curse?"
He turns back to Emma, just in time to watch a rotten hand reach out for her shoulder. He grabs her by the wrist and tugs her out of the way before he's taking one of the loose shelves and swinging it at the zombie's head. It drops to the floor, but it's still moving, so Dean hits it a few more times until it stops, blood and brains splattered on the floor.
Dean pulls away from Castiel and steps up next to Rowena. "If I step inside the trap will I break it?" Rowena nods. "Okay," he says, then turns his attention to the witch.
"You do not appear to have any wounds," Castiel tells Dean, helping him out of his bloody t-shirt. They hear the girls enter the cabin, and besides handing Castiel the first aid box and a few clean cloths, they leave them alone.
"You did?" Dean asks, pulling Benny's soft dick from inside him, and leaning up on his elbows. After Castiel had gotten back from Seraph, he'd had a conversation with the university's dean that left him angry and desperate to leave. He'd sent his CV out to other universities looking for someone in the Paleontology department, including an open teaching job at Idaho State, which was four hours away, a job as the head of the research department at the University of Montana, which was two and a half hours away and a teaching position at Montana State,
Dean asks, taking a gulp of his beer before leaning over the table to shovel a forkful of food into his mouth.
Castiel follows him to the office, where he signs the forms, and is informed by Bobby that the order is in and they'll give him a call when they get confirmation. When he leaves, Toyota keys in hand, it suddenly occurs to Dean what he's done, and he turns to Bobby with wide eyes and says, "Oh, I fucked up. Benny is going to kill me."
The woman nods her head, pressing buttons on the computer in front of her. “Sit outside under the tree, I’ll come find you.”
Jo saves them by reappearing with their drinks and the coffee pot. "Hey asshole," Dean says to her. "Do you remember Castiel?"
Castiel tilts his head and looks over at Dean, another small smile curling at his lips. "That sounds nice, Dean, really."
Dean smiles and claps the other man on the back. "Not a problem. You still hungry? I've got some leftover dried meat from my last kill."
Dean and the girls agree and the four of them file back into the car with the clothes they'd taken. Castiel drives with Claire in the passenger seat so Dean can clean and dress Emma's wound. The blood's already started to clot and now that it's not so bloody, Dean can tell it'll barely need seeing to, but it'll leave one hell of a scar.  He wipes the wound with gauze soaked in alcohol then sticks a bandage over it.
"You… what is it? You know what a movie is, but not what chocolate is?" Dean's starting to find the entire situation particularly hilarious, and he can't stop himself from bursting into cackles. He braces himself on his knees, bent over and laughing until he's breathless and his face is red. When he looks up, Castiel looks embarrassed. "Sorry, Cas, this situation is just… kind of insane, y'know?"
Dean comes with a shout muffled into Castiel's shoulder - one that morphs into a disgusted groan when Castiel wipes the come from his hand on Dean's thigh.
That is until Castiel stops Dean as they’re driving to a diner three days after they first arrived in St Roberts. He points out a bush in front of a cafe, informing Dean that it’s Baby’s Breath. St Roberts isn't a particularly large place, and it doesn’t have a particularly large population, and this is the first time they’ve seen the plant. It has to be the one.
Sam claims Rowena has been teaching him magic - which isn’t entirely untrue, just not the whole truth. Dean’s seen the looks, the touches. He isn’t stupid.
Castiel nods, distracted by something outside the car. When Dean looks in the same direction he sees a plume of smoke coming from a faraway building. Going by the size of the smoke cloud, it isn't a large fire, maybe a fireplace or a bonfire. It's a sign of life.
Jody and Donna collect the things needed for the birth, such as towels and medical supplies, but they stay outside to pass it all to them because every time they even try to come through the door Kelly yells at them.
It's sort of weird, hearing someone call him dad, but also strangely comforting in a way Dean can't describe. He's never really wanted a family, or children (Lisa and Ben were more of an escape), but now he's got one, he feels this overwhelming protective instinct towards Emma. He doesn't want her anywhere near that place, but he honestly can't say why. "I think we should just go to Florida."
It was most definitely Rowena's car, and it's parked in the garage when he gets there. He parks next to it, climbs out, and is surprised when Rowena and Jack do the same, like they had seen him in the parking lot, too, and were waiting for him to arrive.
Castiel frowns. “Theoretically? The secondary sex characteristics of humans was never something I bothered myself with. As a matter of fact, neither were primary,” he replies, shrugging his shoulders. “However, I understood the basics. Omegas create nests for security when their semi-annual heats draw near.”
Dean gets sent to the kitchen to heat the pies and Benny follows after him, looking for another beer. He uncaps it and takes a swig before stepping up behind Dean, swinging an arm over his shoulder and pressing his face to the back of Dean's neck. Dean reaches up to take Benny's wrist in his hand and holds it while he stares at the pies in the oven, visible with the oven's light. He's reminded of that saying
Emma looks seriously unimpressed. “Funny.” She rolls her eyes and wipes the blood off her cheek, staring down at the stains on her clothing with a groan. “Oh, c’mon man! I’m so sick of this, blood is so hard to get out!”
Jack grins brightly at Castiel and jumps into his arms before he can react. He's recently become far more tactile than he has ever been during his very few years of life, and the last few times he'd come to visit he had pulled Castiel and the others into a tight hug each and pressed his mouth to their cheeks like Rowena often did. Castiel is often surprised at how much he doesn't mind the new, increased levels of touch in the people around him.
Castiel takes a moment to reevaluate everything he's seen Eileen do over the last few weeks before he blurts out, "Eileen, are you pregnant?"
"I just - you were getting so hard to deal with! All the sniping and the looks and the whinging. I didn't know what to do!" Sam defends. "It was Gabriel's idea to put you in the other world! I just wanted to... I dunno, lock you in a closet!"
Benny collapses on top of both Dean and Castiel, still inside Dean, panting into Castiel's neck, and it's really uncomfortable but Dean's too exhausted to care. Dean lets his eyes fall closed and doesn't realise he's actually fallen asleep until the bed is shifting underneath him. He realises that he's mostly clean, and Benny's passed out beside him, and also that Castiel's getting out of bed.
"Dean," Castiel interrupts, sensing a tangent coming on that he's unlikely to pull Dean from if he lets it go on too long. "I think I'm in love with you."
"Nothing. I just think you don't give yourself enough credit. You've memorised mathematical algorithms, that's not too dumb for math, that's incredibly smart."
Sam nods. “I know,” he says, turning to Castiel, face sincere and sympathetic. “But you’ll never know if you never ask.”
Dean takes a moment to check his body, make sure he isn’t in any bad pain, that he isn’t numb anywhere. His toes ache from being locked curled around the balls of his feet; his ass, thighs and hips string from the flogging; and his arms hurt under the rope. When he gets to his hands he realises the tips of his fingers are tingling. They’re not quite numb yet, he still has feeling, but if any of the rope is pressing on a nerve that won’t last long.
Castiel rolls his hips and squeezes his body around Dean’s cock. Dean frowns, deep in his throat, hips jutting up at the sensation of
"Cas, I promise it's safe," Dean whispers gently, turning to face him. He reaches up to take Castiel's face in his hand, the movement of his arm tugging at the steadily healing wound on his shoulder. "It's safer than
"Saganaki," Dean supplies. "Fried cheese, usually haloumi. Try some with the hummus and pita bread."
"I take it he told you about Fergus?" It takes Dean a second to figure out to whom Claire is referring, simply because Castiel's only referred to his ex-husband as Crowley. He nods. "I remember a lot of those years, even if dad would like to pretend that I don't. So just remember that, and just know I have a concealed carry permit."
“Fuck, Dean, c’mon. I can’t be patient, you know I can’t be patient,” Castiel whines, shivering, toes curling when the next grind in is just a little harder and goes just a little longer. His blood burns in his veins and he groans into the pillows. “For god’s sake, Dean.”
Dean’s no longer inside him, but he’s still braced over him, panting as he combs his fingers through Castiel’s fringe gently. He’s whispering to Castiel and it takes a couple more seconds for the words to filter in through the haze, words of praise and adoration and love. Castiel’s chest clenches and he tilts his head to the side and up so he can kiss his angel. Dean settles on top of Castiel carefully, enveloping him in the pressure of his body, and kisses him gently.
“Thank ‘oo, Deanie!” Jack shouts, taking the bits of banana Dean has ripped off into even sized chunks. He shoves the first piece in his mouth, face already covered in the sticky yellow food, when he finally realises something about Dean is different. Other than the nakedness. With a mouthful of banana, Jack says, “Deanie, your wings are pretty!”
Dean nods and takes the chance to study the other man: the hair as dark as the feathers in his raven form and the cheeks flushed from the cold. He's still shivering and Dean drapes the last fur over his lap, hoping it will help. "Are you alright?"
Eileen tilts her head to the side, a thoughtful look on her face. “Dean smells sour when he’s upset and he’s trying to hide it, almost like vinegar.” She leans back against the machines and crosses her arms over her chest before she says, “A heightened sense of smell is an early indication of presentation in children.”
"I admit I am entertaining thoughts of homicide," Castiel says, a look on his face that Dean can't decipher. "I am unsure if any event occurred, but I am still very angry."
Benny appears as they're pulling apart, obviously summoned by Claire and Jack's appearance in the kitchen, stealing his own kiss. Dean feels warm and fond and he pokes them both in the hip so they'll stop, and he won't say something stupid. Mary starts wriggling in his arms, face screwed up like she's about to cry (or do a shit, Dean can never really tell the difference), so he lifts her up against his shoulder and bounces her out of the entryway, shooting a look at Benny and Castiel that he hopes says
Dean chews on his bottom lip and tosses another pancake onto the plate, putting the plate back in the oven. "I mean, can't really speak for him, but I'd say so, yeah."
Dean looks exhausted when he finally reappears, going in search of coffee at eight on Wednesday evening, but no worse for wear than he’s been in the past, even with the dark circles under his eyes. He smiles at Castiel as they pass in the kitchen, but it doesn’t quite reach his eyes. He still smells of cherry, coffee, whiskey, smoke, and leather, but no longer so strongly. It’s tinged ever so slightly sour, by an emotion - of that Castiel is sure, though he doesn’t know what it is, and how he knows it so surely.
Dean's face gets hotter, if that were even possible. Because his automatic default is humor, he says, "As a heart attack."
- blush - because he's just about positive Benny uses it everytime they fuck, but Castiel must understand the rest because his eyes go wide and he lets out a startled laugh.
Dean's cheeks flush pink and he tries to hide a smile with his coffee cup as he makes his way to the kitchen table, but Castiel sees it anyway. It makes his chest feel warm and tight. When Sam and Eileen enter the kitchen, flushed and slightly disheveled, Castiel is sitting at the table next to Dean with toast (one piece with peanut butter and another with jelly, smushed into a sandwich - Eileen's idea) and Dean's hand is rested on his thigh. Dean doesn't move it, but the room's new occupants don't notice.
Castiel shushes him. "I am admittedly unsure of how Sam learnt Gabriel was alive, how they came to decide this was the best course of action, and how they did it."
The two youngest stare at the oldest until the teenager sighs, looking perturbed, yet also irritated. “He wasn’t our real dad, he took us in. I don’t know how he died, he just got sick one day, went to sleep, and never woke up.”
Dean shoots Benny an unimpressed face as he passes him and the bastard snorts. "Pa boude, it's unbecoming."
"No," Dean replies, going about putting his clothes back on; jeans, shirt, then shoes, letting Castiel strap the holster over his thigh again. "Got the Grace?"
Dean drops the hare at his feet and sits back on his haunches, tilting his head to the side in curiosity, hoping it conveys the question he can't ask;
"It's a closely-guarded secret in heaven. No living mortal knows how to summon an angel or an archangel-" Castiel snorts, shaking his head. "Well, besides me."
Dean nods his head, reaching the car and unlocking her, climbing inside so he can reach over and unlock the passenger door for Castiel. Castiel follows him inside the car and Dean says, “What do you feel like for lunch?”
A sharp trill cuts through the air and the raven dives at the hunters, pecking at their faces. Dean watches, letting out a soft grunt, desperately hoping Castiel will take it for what it is: a warning to
“What the hell is wrong with us?” Dean asks, stumbling back to the bed before he collapses, falling onto the mattress with a grunt. He feels like his mind is made of cotton wool and his body is made of jelly. He’s either been spelled or drugged and neither is good.
"Cas," Dean says gently, falling to his knees in front of Castiel so the man doesn't have to lift his head again. "What happened?"
When Rowena returns during late afternoon Dean shifts to talk to her, ask her what the plan is and if she spoke to
He looks different. Rougher. Sort of bigger, with more muscle. There’s a scar over his cheek, a slash, like one made from a knife. This is not
The candles in each woman's hands light with a flick of Rowena's wrist and they all place them into a shape on the floor that Dean doesn't recognize from this angle. They begin to chant in Latin, the flames flickering higher and higher as they do before they're so bright Dean can't look at them anymore. Rowena throws something into the bowl of ingredients and smoke plumes out, surrounding the women before settling into the middle of the candles. When it clears, a woman is revealed inside. She has dark brown curls and soft brown eyes, and she's wearing a dress similar to what Dean would expect from Rowena: modern, elegant, and practical. She crosses her arms over her chest and frowns.
Dean has placed his hand on Castiel's elbow to lead him through the doors into a Wisconsin diner, after Sam and Eileen. Castiel lets him but also turns to shoot him a curious look and tells him, "I can find the way myself, Dean. Not that I don't appreciate the contact, as always."
It's looking for a meal. He's had ravens follow him around before, small family units and once an entire flock, but never a raven by itself. They're never by themselves, and he packs it away in the back of his mind for later when his belly is full.
Dean pulls the quilt off of his body and climbs out of the bed, taking a second to sniff the air. The two men smell like unfamiliar power, and it takes a second for Dean's brain to finally click. When he does, he says, "Fucking hell, you're them."
, her hair still wet from a shower. She looks tired, but at least he hadn't woken them. "Is everything alright, Castiel?"
Dean pulls a face. He'd made the mistake of trying that once, and while it tasted pretty good, once he'd found out what it was made of he was turned off of it forever. "Uh… intestines."
"My sister - that is, the daughter of my shapeshifter parents, she had… so many children. She seemed to take multiple births to a whole other level," Castiel's smiling, but it's sad, and Dean's chest clenches.
Sam is running with the theory that they’ve got a family of pixies living in the bunker, but Castiel doesn’t understand why he’s the only one with missing belongings. What could he have done that pissed them off so much they’re stealing his things?
"Wasn't Castiel Novak the high school kid who got forcibly outed and publicly kicked out when we were in high school?"
"He'll have put warding up to protect the place from Castiel and Gabriel, and he'll most likely have any demons left guarding the building," Rowena starts, staring thoughtfully at the kitchen window as she strokes her bottom lip with her thumb. "We'll need distractions for the guards, and then a human will need to enter and remove the warding."
Dean pulls away from Castiel’s throat, hips slowing, but only enough that he can take one of Castiel’s hands and press it to the surface above his head. With Castiel’s other hand, he threads it around his own neck and directs him to clasps his fingers in his hair. “Don’t move your hands.”
When he looks at Castiel, the angel is frowning, head tilted as he studies Lucifer. "You sent Jack away with the witch."
Dean falls into the lounge on the balcony and sets his elbow on his knee, taking his chin in his hand and frowning. "Could you find someone, anywhere in the world? Even if you hadn't met them, and you had no idea where they were?"
Castiel's heart is hammering in his chest and he's trying to decide what to say next when Dean speaks again.
nice. When Castiel comes back with the pen Dean writes his number on the receipt and hands it over. "Here you go."
Castiel blocks the exit with his gun trained on the children, and the poor things look terrified. Dean gets himself untied and steps in between Castiel and the kids.
Dean rolls his eyes again. “Sam and Rowena don’t know I know. Now stop being argumentative, I’m going to call Garth and see if he’s got anything we can take. If we’re lucky, we’ll finish it quickly and get some time to ourselves.” He shoots Castiel a wolfish grin.
"Gun," Dean warns Castiel in a harsh whisper as he pops the button on the thigh holster, and pulls out the gun, holding it up in two hands, aimed at the door.
“Good boy. How are you feeling? I need a proper answer this time,” Castiel asks after he’s flogged Dean’s ass and thighs raw.
Because absolutely nothing can ever be easy, none of the three graveyards (or any of the other five they check after they leave the first three empty-handed) have any Baby’s Breath. Dean starts to worry the flowers just happened to be on the ground when the body was dumped.
Sam makes a face, and Dean suddenly feels like there's something going on that Dean doesn't know about. So he asks, "What?"
One of Charlie's perfectly sculpted eyebrows shoots up towards her hairline. "You in a mood, huh, honey?" Kaia, who must have overheard what Dean was looking for, leans over Charlie to put the plate on the window counter.
"Right, I think I understand all that," Benny replies, nodding his head again, turning left onto the highway. "And I think I understand what you meant by 'tightly knit' - like a threesome?"
Castiel comes back to Dean and leans down to press a gentle kiss to Dean’s hair. “We will, we will. We will need Gabriel’s help. Wait here, you’re still not fully healed.”
Castiel's social skills aren't exactly perfect - in fact, they're far from perfect and much closer to absent, even after years spent in the human world - but he's almost sure Dean's trying to use his body language to tell Castiel something, something he isn't understanding.
It's almost like a light turns on in Dean's mind and he says, "Hang on." Dean picks up the bottle of lube, pours some of the slick over his cock before finally climbing up the bed towards Castiel, settling beside him. He slides an arm underneath his back and uses the leverage to pull Castiel closer, slightly on his side, before hooking his arm under Castiel's knee to hold him open, sliding one of his legs between Castiel's. "Okay?"
A deep groan rumbles in Benny's chest, and he reaches forward to turn Dean's head so he can kiss him, licking into his mouth. "You knew we were there, you shit."
"Can we just… lie down for a bit?" Dean says, heading towards the bedroom before they can reply, before he can see their faces. He's feeling overwhelmed, and possibly freaking out enough to lash out, and he recognises that he needs the comfort of his bed, their arms around him.
Castiel's staring down at their hands as Dean leans back against the door, and after a silence that seems to stretch on for hours, but couldn't be more than a few minutes, Castiel says, "Dean?"
Castiel also grimaces, and despite the fact Dean has no idea what they're talking about he doesn't bother to ask. "So you think one of Endymion's daughters is the witch working with Lucifer?"
They all part to their respective corners. Castiel follows Dean up to the bedroom and watches as he collapses onto the bed, pressing his face into the pillows. He's still wearing his clothes and his shoes, but he's just too fucking tired to bother.
Three of their attackers whisper harshly to one another. Dean hears Claire and Amelia's names, but not much else.
Benny reappears to Dean's left side with the lube and Dean grins sharply at him. "Cas called dibs. If you're nice to me, and Castiel's stupidly large dick hasn't completely obliterated me, you can go next."
Eileen chews her lip and thinks for a moment, like she’s trying to decide what to say and how to say it. “The arousal will feel like a fever, but you won’t actually have one. You’ll feel fuzzy, maybe a bit dizzy, and it will feel all-consuming, the only thing you can think and feel, especially the first time.”
A soft look crosses Dean’s face. “You’d rather go back to your apartment and groom my wings than have sex? Who are you?”
He's looking through the menu to decide if he wants anything else when the waitress, to keep the conversation up and to vie for a better tip, says, "You guys having a boys night or something?"
His teeth ache, his wolf begging him to bite down into Castiel's throat to claim him and Dean rubs the enamel against Castiel's bony shoulder to stop himself from just fucking doing it. He can't even claim an angel (or a shapeshifter, he thinks), but his wolf wants to give it a damn good try.
Castiel hooks his arm around Dean’s neck and presses his face to the angel’s throat, breathing him in for a moment, just because he can. Dean’s face is in Castiel’s wet hair, mouth pressing the occasional kiss to his scalp.
The name sounds vaguely familiar, but Dean can't place it. And now that he thinks about it, the man's face also looks familiar. There's something about the blue eyes that reminds Dean of someone he used to know. Rather than dwell on it, he goes back to work, taking a kitchen bucket over to an empty table covered in empty dishes, hoping it'll come to him eventually.
When he opens the door, careful not to be seen, he finds himself in the emergency room of the hospital, with the nurses’ desk to his left. Alex isn't there, probably in a room, so Dean gets the attention of the first staff member he finds and says, "I'm looking for Alex Jones? I'm her cousin, there's been an emergency and she needs to come home."
Dean makes sure Castiel's kids aren't in the window still before he pulls Castiel into a quick kiss. "You look awesome. C'mon, lets go get Benny."
Rowena waves her hand and the doors to the closet open, a dark purple suitcase lifting out of it and settling onto the floor, the lid flying open. As her clothes fold themselves one at a time and fit themselves into the suitcase, she says, "Jody Mills, Donna Hanscum, Alex Jones, Claire Novak, Patience Turner and Kaia Nieves. They've been working with people like us for years, ever since Bobby Singer moved to the town. Bobby Singer was a member of the Men of Letters until ten years ago, he left after witnessing the death of two young boys - werewolves. I don't know the story as to how he left and how Jody and Donna learnt of him and the supernatural world, but it got Bobby killed a few years back. The rest have spent years hiding and protecting people like us. Kaia is a dreamwalker and Patience is a psychic. If you want to know the full story, you'll have to ask Jody, but we can trust them."
Castiel's mouth is open in shock, and Dean doesn't blame him, he’s feeling just as surprised. He truly thought they would have to break the curse before they could retrieve Castiel's memories. If he had his memories back, it could make breaking the curse easier.
Benny's face has gone red with his laughter, barely visible in the moonlight, and Dean grins brightly. He turns back to the sky and points up at Andromeda. "Sky crab." Castiel groans deep in his chest and Benny cackles. Dean then points to Cassiopeia. "Harry Potter's lightning scar."
“Be quiet!” Castiel hisses as the figure on the other side of the tent shoots up, her own gun raised. She’s bleary-eyed, and there’s a red mark on her cheek from the way she slept, but she’s unmistakable. He sees her in his dreams.
“Ghouls?” Castiel asks, frowning after Dean’s told him his theory as they’re walking back to the Impala. It’s hot in Missouri, and Dean’s close to boiling in his jacket, so he takes it off and hooks it over his arm. “Ghouls consume dead flesh, these humans were flayed alive.”
When Dean pulls away then, he looks far more awake, and nervous, swallowing thickly and hiding his face behind his mug. "I mean, I dunno man, some people are just like that."
Dean has just let his eyes fall shut and is about to fall asleep when the disposable phone Rowena had given them begins to ring. He groans, annoyed, and slides out from under Castiel to find the phone, pulling it from the pocket of his jeans, answering it.
"Right, can we get out of Sioux Falls before the Men of Letters rain all kinds of crap down on our heads?" Dean interrupts when he feels the conversation between Rowena and Bobby coming to a close. The two turn to look at him and Bobby tilts his head with a confused frown. It's so similar to Castiel's that Dean has to push down a laugh. "What?"
Castiel turns very serious and nods his head. "Okay." He stares down at the cup in front of him, turned down on a saucer with a spoon sitting next to it. He turns the cup over then looks up and says, "She would hide me occasionally, when my mother was in a particularly foul mood. She'd let me do my homework in the office."
Castiel's head falls to the side and thunks against the headrest as he sighs. "It's gonna cost me, too, huh?"
Castiel makes a face at him and Dean tilts his head to the side, confused. "I know you told my mother I was gay in high school and I want to make it clear that I haven't forgiven you for it."
Dean chuckles, "Calm down, I'll get there." When he looks up at Castiel, he's scowling, but it's not that impressive when coupled with the red flush and his kiss-swollen lips. Dean decides to give him a break, then, and finds the bottle of lube, smearing his fingers with the slick. Before he gets his fingers on Castiel's skin he spreads Castiel's legs further open.
Rowena waves her hand over the pot and the fire goes out, and when she turns back to Dean, the flash of purple in her eyes slowly fades back to their normal green. She raises one eyebrow and Dean uses the hand on Castiel's wrist to steer him closer to Rowena before releasing his grip. She considers Castiel, circling around him like a predator with a finger tracing her bottom lip. She pauses to wave a hand in front of him, her eyes shining purple again.
"If we went to the drug store could you tell me which formula Mary drinks?" Deanna thinks about it for a second before nodding. "Awesome, I'm gonna write your mom and dad a note then we'll head out."
motion. "I mean, threesomes are more sex-centric, and a ménage à trois - or throuple, triad, there's a few names for it - are more relationship-centric. Mostly, I like saying triad."
"Sort of…?" Patience sips at her drink then frowns thoughtfully. "Like when your ears ring? And there was this smoke, like a cloud of blueish smoke."
They stay in bed, talking and sharing brief kisses before Castiel has to leave to pack the rest of his things in the car and Benny has to go open the roadhouse for the dinner shift. Castiel leaves with Benny's henley and one of Dean's coats on instead of his own clothes, and Dean's  not ashamed to say that when they're both gone he shoves his nose in the hoodie Castiel left with him, eyes stinging.
Castiel looks confused, and he doesn't speak for a long time. "You're very different. I didn't think people could change as much as you seem to have. I accept your apology."
Castiel gets his hands around Dean's face and kisses him harder, biting Dean's lip until it hurts. Then he pulls away. "I am unsure of what I am doing, but I would like to do more."
Castiel's body goes tense, and Dean worries he's over stepped, that Castiel still isn't ready for penetrative sex, but the tautness of his body eases as quickly as it came. Castiel plasters himself against Dean, then says, "Yeah, if you want it, yeah. Me too. I mean, I want to."
Castiel taps his fingers on his knee, chewing on his bottom lip. "Probably. He'll try. But I'd rather destroy it than go back." The look on his face when he stares up at Dean is so intense that Dean feels the hair on the back of his neck stand up. "I had a reason to leave before, and I have a reason to stay now."
Castiel hums, unfolding his arms and reaching down to scratch behind Dean's ear. It's nice, and Dean leans into it, his eyes falling shut until he remembers he's supposed to be mad at Castiel and pulls away, grunting at him. "I had to get out of there before I killed Dagon. Or my brothers."
Dean hopes they can. By Gods he hopes they haven't been waiting for years for a big fish like Rowena. It's how Tasha got killed.
"Dean, I was an Angel of the Lord. I Fell forty years ago. If angels are in a human vessel when they Fall the vessel becomes their human form, but if they're in their original angelic form... It just so happened that the only pregnant woman in the immediate area was a shapeshifter, though I think it was fate playing a joke on me. I was the angel that assisted God in sending ravens to the prophet Elijah, when he was a fugitive in Jordan."
"I think? I don't know. As I said, I can't remember. I just… can't change it." His dark brows thread into a frown and Dean wonders what he did to piss off a magic man so bad they took his memories. "I think… being able to change was normal for me, at least, so maybe I am a shapeshifter?"
Dean reaches up to thread his fingers through his hair with the hand not holding the gun, tugging at it until it hurts. How the fuck are they supposed to find Jack now, especially once they throw Lucifer into the Cage?
Benny nods and shoves the menu in Dean's direction. Dean points to the kleftiko first, and says, "That's the lamb I was telling you about," then the kotopoulo me ryzi, "That's chicken and rice, it's really good, too," then the pansetta, "And that's pork belly."
"We're fine," Dean says, picking up a pair of sunglasses from a shelf and staring at them for a moment before replacing them.
"Shut up," Dean tells him almost breathlessly, then, "Hurry up and get your dick in me or I'll do it myself." That, of course, only makes Castiel laugh harder and Dean wants to hit him again. Instead, he gets an arm around Castiel's neck and tackles him around and onto his back, settling over his thighs with a smug smile. "I win."
Dean nods his head and slides his arm around the back of Castiel’s neck. He kisses Castiel and then says, “I’ll just need a couple of stitches. You happy to take care of it?”
Bobby nods, tapping away at the computer, "I'll print the form for it, then I'll call Michigan. Can you check on Aidan? Make sure he hasn't irrevocably ruined the car I put him on."
Jo groans and runs her hands over her face. "I've told you this a million fucking times, Dean - Charlie isn't butch, and I'm not a top. And just because we're friends, and the only two lesbians in a small town, does not mean we should be a couple."
Dean pulls away from Benny again and replants his hand behind himself, looking down his body at where he and Castiel are connected. The sight of his body stretched around Castiel's cock sends a shiver down his spine, heat pooling in his gut. "Just gimme a second." Castiel nods easily, sliding one of his hands up Dean's chest, tracing the shape of his ribs and brushing his thumb over a nipple. Dean lets out a long breath and his eyes flutter closed as he relaxes his body around Castiel's dick. "You have a stupid amount of dick, no one needs that much dick." Castiel laughs. "Go on, fuck me."
Castiel shakes his head, though Dean’s fairly sure he is, but just hasn’t realized it yet. He forgets that he’s human now and that leaving basic needs to the last minute is detrimental to your health. He’s been human more than once, but he still forgets.
Dean licks into Castiel's mouth and he responds in kind, tasting the inside of his mouth before pulling back to heave a deep breath. The freckles on Dean's cheek stand out against the red flush that has spread across them and Castiel wants to lean forward and press a kiss to each and every one of them, no matter how long it takes. He realises he's been just sitting there, staring at Dean's cheeks for an abnormally long time and turns up so their eyes meet. Dean is bemused and his eyes are crinkled in the corner.
With a rush of Castiel's angelic power they're suddenly clean and Dean collapses back onto the bed, knees bent awkwardly around Castiel's legs, and huffs out another quiet laugh, panting for breath. He flings an arm over his eyes and moves his legs away from Castiel (without kicking him in the face), planting one foot on the headboard, the other leg flung out over the side of the bed.
Emma gives him a funny look, then whispers, "You okay? You and Castiel are acting super weird. I haven't seen you kiss all day. Are you guys having a fight or something?"
"I do not believe so," Castiel replies, pushing Dean back, carefully, until he's sitting on the edge of the grimy tub before he wets the cloth to clean the blood. "I believe we would return to our own bodies in our own world, but I do believe that if we were to die here, we would be killing our counterparts in this world." Castiel rubs the now pinky-red cloth over Dean's cheek. "Are you afraid? You are not acting like yourself."
The K-12 is a few streets south of Dean's house and not even a ten minute walk, and she animatedly tells him about the field trip they took to ZooMontana for her science class the week before. She's already told him at least three times that the tigers and the wolves were her favourite, and she's also told him every fact she knows about them, but he doesn't tell her that, listening animatedly. Dean's reminded of what else sits on the same street as the school when he sees the Continental parked outside the house on the corner.
"Michael proposed the play, but I make the decisions. They've given me insurance, in case they step out of line." Dean gives her an unimpressed frown until he sees what she holds in her hands. It's a book, old and weathered, bound in leather. 'It's called the
"You can stay here if you want," he tells it, finding a knife to start skinning the beast. "I won't hurt you. Not that you understand me."
Dean's never had the displeasure of meeting Lady Toni Bevell before, but he knows without a doubt that the woman with the tightly tied back blonde hair and the skirt suit, holding a gun, is most definitely her.
Dean reaches down and fingers Castiel's t-shirt, looking up at him through the fan of his eyelashes. Castiel thinks Dean's asking for permission to remove his clothing and through flaming cheeks and a heat deep in his belly he nods.
“You could just say ‘mo’ you know?” Dean tells him with a short chuckle, checking his phone to make sure he’s going the right way.
“I took Dean’s leather jacket. It’s under my pillow,” he tells Sam. “I think the reason is fairly clear. Do I tell him?”
Dean laughs again, shaking his head in amusement. "If that ain't me." He takes his coffee mug over to the fridge and stares inside for a moment, trying to figure out if there's anything inside he can make everyone for breakfast, something that won't take too much effort. He takes the milk and eggs then finds the flour, sugar and vanilla inside the pantry, leaving everything on the counter.
Benny rolls his eyes. "That is not what we discussed, ignore him, his brain is still in his dick. Back to what I was saying, Dean did suggest that we move in with him, but I reminded him that you might be worried about Jack." Castiel nods. "So we thought if you got the one at Montana State I could move in with Dean, and you could take my place, and then we could review it when Jack went off to college. If you wanted to move in with us then. Or earlier, if that's what you want."
Castiel tilts his head and gives Dean a condescending look, forehead pinched. "Sure, and be responsible for anyone that gets killed because I have information in my head and I didn't let Patience scoop it out of my brain with a spoon. No, I have to. Besides, I'd really rather not stay cursed forever." He stares into his glass and sets it on the table before his hand shoots out and grabs at Dean's collar. He pulls Dean forward into him and their lips meet in a messy kiss, teeth clacking and biting.
The daughter he couldn’t save. The one he never wanted but regrets losing. The daughter he only ever thinks about when he’s so drunk he can’t even stand.
They move on after a couple of days, heading back onto the highway towards Florida. They run out of gas eventually, and they have to stop at a gas station in Georgia, near the Florida border to top the car up. The gas station is small, with two pumps attached to a tiny building. There's already a car sitting in one of the bays, long since abandoned and covered in dust, so Dean takes the other bay, even if he's going to have to reach the hose over the car.
The humans appear from the line of trees, three of them, dressed in the hunter garb with guns no doubt packed with silver bullets. He hopes they're stupid enough to mistake him for a real wolf, but he doesn't count on it.
Dean sits next to him again and picks up Castiel's hand, taking it into both of his. "So we get your Grace back before the Nephilim is born."
He has a list Eileen's written him, with each item categorized by aisle so he doesn't have to go back and forth, and he's almost finished when he gets a text from Dean asking him to wrap it up and head home. He uses the word
While it's in the oven he takes a shower and gets dressed, padding into the lounge room barefoot, and finds his phone on top of the coffee table. Castiel's sent a text to the group chat with Benny and Dean,
They visit the roadhouse a few more times, and Castiel gets the feeling that it's to give Sam and Eileen time to themselves. On one of the nights they spend at the bar, after playing pool and drinking beer for a few hours, as they're leaving the building, Castiel slides his hand into Dean's, like he's seen Eileen and Sam do. Dean doesn't pull away, instead squeezing Castiel's hand and bringing it up to press it against his chest so he can pat it with his free hand.
Rowena rolls her eyes. "It's his pet. He found it, still just a pup, when he was eleven, after all the demons had been killed. Begged me to let him keep it." Rowena summons a piece of raw meat from the air and throws it towards the invisible beast, who apparently catches it. It disappears as the hellhound eats it, and once it's done, the collar floats out of the room. "I don't see why Fergus would go through all this hassle, unless…" the others in the room stare at Castiel for a moment. When he starts to look extremely uncomfortable and nervous, Dean takes his hand and squeezes it. "Castiel knows something important."
The raven starts convulsing and he climbs to his feet in seconds to help it, holding it as the bones under its feathers shift much like his do when
"Dean." Dean looks over at Benny, away from the group and gets so distracted by the cornflower blue of his eyes, gone dark under the dim light of the restaurant, that he doesn't hear what he says next. Dean really wants to kiss him.  Instead he tunes into what Benny's saying. "You're a bit out of it, cher, let's get you home."
like it when you get blood on the carpet," Benny replies. Dean can hear the teasing edge to his voice, and he can feel himself calming more, glad Benny isn't upset with him either. "You didn't, by the way, get any blood on the carpet. Man must've had something wrong with him, never seen someone bleed that little over a broken nose."
“Where are we taking them until Bess gets here?” Castiel asks as they’re helping the three kids into the backseat of the Impala. “And we need something for them to eat.”
"I don't know what I'm doing, Kelly…" Dean admits, though he doesn't argue any longer when Kelly's face turns up to his, stoic and determined, and almost a little scary. "Okay, yeah, you got it."
Castiel nods once, and they both climb out of the car at the same time. Castiel fills the tank, and then the jerrycans in the trunk before they take the girls into the building to raid through what's left. It's not much, most of it's already been gone through and taken, but there's a good amount of toiletries and even some non-perishable food.
Dean lets out a long breath and presses his forehead to Benny's shoulder, watching as Benny slides home, his hips pressed to Dean's ass.
"Two weeks ago, why?" Rufus looks up at him and pulls his bloody glove covered hand from the body. Dean makes a face. "You bein' nosy again, boy?"
Within seconds, Castiel has his knees up under him and is using the space he now has to jerk his back up and to the side. The movement flings Dean off to the side and on his back on the mattress next to Castiel, and Castiel climbs up on top of him, kneeling over Dean’s belly. He leans up and plucks the remote from Dean’s grip, then says, “Because every time we spar, it ends with one of us fucking the other up against the wall.”
. He nods his head and pulls away from Castiel to crane his neck and kiss Benny as Benny carefully takes his fingers from Dean's body. The kiss is short, gentle, and once it's over Dean turns back to Castiel and gives him a brilliant smile.
He hums his assent. He expects the we to be Benny and Sam, and is surprised - no, terrified - when he sees it isn't his brother, but Castiel. Dean can't identify the look on his face.
. He knows this show, he's seen quite a bit of it, and he isn't sure it's something Sam would let her watch.
. Dean's never had the displeasure of encountering a hellhound before, but he's heard of them. Any that weren't wiped out when the demons were only pop up when they've killed someone. The beast pushes its way through the locked door and stops at the carpet, panting. Dean can't see it, and he doesn't think the others can either, but he can see the collar around its neck and the book tucked into it.
"You can't touch him, Dean. Hold onto the back of the chair, but make sure you aren't touching him anywhere."
He finds Sam first, in the map room with Eileen, pouring over a pile of books and Chinese takeaway. He sits at the table with them and steals one of the food boxes which he finds filled with chow mein. “I think something is stealing my clothes. Perhaps a kobold or a pixie. Have any of your belongings also gone missing?” He asks, signing at the same time so Eileen doesn’t have to read his lips.
Dean's about to ask her if she'd like anything to eat or drink, but he gets interrupted by a strong burst of power. His vision whites out, replaced by images Dean doesn't recognise: wastelands and people with eyes that shine like stars, armies of hunters facing off against supernatural beings. He watches himself from outside of his body, shifting into his wolf and pouncing on a woman who tauntingly shakes a vial of shining blue liquid that shifts like smoke at him.. He comes back to himself when his jaws sink into the woman's neck, the image morphing back into Kelly, her eyes fading from a shining gold back to their normal blue.
Castiel does, planting his hands on Dean’s chest and sliding up before slamming back down again, drawing a grunt from Dean’s mouth. Dean likes absolutely everything about sex with Castiel, but this? Watching Castiel above him, taking his own pleasure from Dean? This is Dean’s favorite. If he didn’t like getting his brains fucked out by Castiel and his monster dick when he’s in one of his
Dean and Castiel part, and with the hand in Castiel's hair, Dean guides him towards Benny, watching them as they kiss. He reaches over with his free hand and traces the shape of their lips together with his thumb until it gets sucked into Benny's mouth.
When Dean concentrates he can hear the thud of Castiel's heart in his chest. His eyes are so blue, blue like the ocean, like aster flowers, so blue Dean might drown in them. After a moment, Castiel nods and they step into the portal.
, he replies before getting out of his texts with Benny and into his texts with Castiel. did he do that thing with his teeth and his tongue????
"You drank all my whiskey, and I don't remember the last time I had anything resembling a vegetable. Werewolves need them too, you know." He gets another peck to his shoulder and Dean brushes the bird off so he can find the human money he keeps in his bag for when he goes into town. He gets most of it from hustling pool at bars, something he's surprisingly good at for someone who's never lived in a human society. He undresses and gathers his clothes, shoes and money in a canvas bag before he shifts into his wolf, taking the bag in his jaws.
He settles his belly to the snow and shuffles forward carefully, quietly. The moose is unaware of his presence, grazing beneath the snow for plants to eat, and he takes advantage of that, getting close before he pounces. He lands on top of the creature, digging his claws into its back until it begins to bleed and sinking his jaws into its neck. It tries desperately to buck him off, kicking its legs out and twisting from side to side, but his hold on it is too strong.
). When he steps out into the hallway he can just faintly hear Dean's music through the door across the hallway. It doesn't necessarily mean he's still awake, but Castiel decides to knock anyway.
After dinner and once Sam has washed the dishes and Eileen has put them back in their place, Dean announces to the kitchen that the Impala hasn't been out for some time and that he and Castiel are going for a drive. Castiel doesn't mind that he wasn't consulted, he enjoys spending time with Dean no matter what they do. When he turns to look at Sam and Eileen, Sam is undisturbed by Dean's announcement, however, Eileen shoots Dean a grateful look.
Castiel explains that Eileen left just before Sam arrived home, and asked Castiel to tell Sam she'd be back soon. With Sam satisfied, he leaves the room.
"It would be better if you and Cas date, too. Because I swear to god if you don't tag team me at least once, I will lose my shit."
Even as he speaks, a rush of power flows into the room like a breeze, smelling of Rowena and the other witches. A hole opens up in the floor and when Dean looks down into it, all he can see is fire. The smoke fights, writhing and squirming, but it can't fight it, and it gets pulled down into the hole before it closes.
He finds Castiel on the bed, completely naked with his arms behind his head, thick biceps stretched enticingly. Dean thinks very seriously about biting marks into those biceps and then throwing out the plan and making Castiel hold him down.
Dean hands the Colt to Claire and tells the witch, "If he's not there Claire will shoot you, understand?"
Dean stretches his legs out until he can feel his toes just coming off the edge of the bed and says, "I don't like pigs, and I don't like racists, and you should've
Benny's there, and so is Charlie, and off to his other side is Rufus and Bobby (had they been here the entire time?). And there, standing at the entrance with wide blue eyes like the ocean, is Castiel. He lets the man go, and he drops to the floor, cradling his arm in the other. The boy runs to his side and helps him up, leading him out the door.
It's sorted by the end of the next week and Dean feels like he can take a breath again. Benny makes Dean promise that any future confrontations with customers go through him, and Dean agrees easily.
the best idea, but even the little voice in the back of his head, the one that tells him he's an idiot (that he rarely listens to), is quiet.
"Well I don't right now! Stop looking at me like that!" Castiel cries, stomping out of the room and tugging Dean along with him when he doesn't let him go. He storms up to the room he and Dean share, and once they're both inside, slams the door closed. The anger on his face suddenly morphs into a look of frustration, confusion and fear, and he finally lets go of Dean's hand so he can sit on the bed. "I don't understand what's going on, Dean."
By the time Dean and Rowena were leaving for Mongolia, Jody and Donna had already left for the sheriff's station, Alex had left for the hospital and Patience had left for class. Dean had suspected that Claire and Kaia were lovers at dinner the night before, which is only confirmed when they enter the room with clasped hands, Kaia leading.
When Benny joins him, he gets the distinct impression that Benny thinks he's asked him in here for sex, so straight away he says, "Not here for a booty call. I did something without thinking and I had to let you know, you know, before anything happened."
Eileen shakes her head no. “Dean is unmated and only recently off his own heat. His body also identifies you as a potential mate, it just isn’t a good idea.”
Dean chokes again and suddenly realizes his cheeks are hot and his face is flaming as a blush spreads across his cheeks. He's over it now, he doesn't want to know. "Okay, cool. Stop talking now."
Surprisingly, Dean comes first, heat pooling in his belly and settling in his groin until he explodes, flashes of white behind his eyes. He manages to catch his semen in his cupped hand before he gets any on the bed sheets, but he can't do anything but hold it while it cools as he continues to suck Castiel off. It's kinda - really disgusting.
"Awesome, I wanted to show Dee the new record I got," Dean tells Eileen, pulling the blanket over Mary down a little so he can tickle her chin until she smiles big, wide and toothless at him. Deanna's taken after Dean, which amuses him to no end, and every time she comes to his house she makes him put a record, a tape or a CD on that she hasn't heard before and he thinks she might like. If she likes it, she then makes him find the album on iTunes and put it on the iPad he got her for her tenth birthday. He whines to Sam and Eileen about the wrongness of it all, but he always does it. He found an old Foreigner online in amazing condition for something that was first sold in 1977, and he's already shown it to her (she loves
They kiss on the couch for a bit, unhurriedly, just because they're alone and just because they can. When Castiel's teeth accidentally scrape against a small blooming mark on Dean's lower lip, Dean groans and bucks his hips up and feels the hard shape of Castiel's cock. Needing to feel more, Dean digs his hands harder into Castiel's hips and pulls them closer, grinding into him and kissing him harder. He's honestly surprised either of them have managed to grow hard considering how much they've had to drink.
He's followed it up with the winking emoji, the smirking emoji and the drooling emoji. Benny never uses emojis, and it's probably more hilarious that he has because he had more feelings than he could put into words. Just as he's about to reply, Benny has texted again.
Dean reaches out lazily to get his hand free and snaps his fingers, leaving Castiel clothed, but himself still naked and covered in sweat.
Jack looks so distraught then that Dean says, "Tomorrow, when you guys come over you and me, go a few rounds on the PlayStation, deal? Maybe we can convince Claire and your dad to join."
“Awesome, there you go!” Dean says with a grin, slapping his hand over Castiel’s shoulder. “Ready to go again?”
Not long after God's destruction Jack's power had become unpredictable and dangerous again - at least, what was left of it, as the act of destroying God had severely depleted his Grace. With Castiel no longer an angel, the only person with enough power to help Jack control his own had been Rowena. Instead of simply teaching him control, Rowena had decided to turn him into her apprentice, using his power for witchcraft. Castiel didn't mind, really, as long as it was going towards something rather than spreading uncontrollably like a wildfire. Over the four months Jack had been living with Rowena he'd become rapidly proficient in magic, something Castiel could tell made Rowena very proud, but wouldn't admit to.
Patience hums again. "A few people have come through here cursed with memory loss. It takes a lot of energy out of me, but there's a witch near here who casts a spell that increases my power long enough for me to reach into the cursed person's head and retrieve their memories." She reaches for one of the bottles of wine on the table and tops up her glass. She stares at Castiel, her gaze intense, and Dean gets the impression that she's reaching into his mind to learn whether his memories are hidden or removed. Castiel looks uncomfortable, but he doesn't stop her. "You're in luck, they're behind a wall. The magic is familiar, I've gone up against it before."
'. He's so consumed with  Castiel's body and with the possessive streak he's apparently just developed that it doesn't occur to him that no one probably cares enough to be watching.
Dean stops fighting when Castiel's hand slides into his briefs and wraps around the hard length of his cock. Dean's entire body grows almost too warm and he manages to get one of his hands over his mouth to muffle the loud groan before it comes out. His hips jerk up into the circle of Castiel's fist a few times before Castiel - the bastard - pulls his hand out and reaches over to the bedside table, opening the drawer. Dean hates him a little less when he pulls out the lube, slicks his hand, then slides it back into Dean's briefs.
"I asked Castiel out to dinner. And I know I did it without talking to you first and I'm a fucking dick, I'm sorry about that," Dean gets out in a rush. "And he already knows about you and I, that's not a… we don't have to like, worry about that, and-"
Dean’s hand slides from Castiel’s chin to rest over his throat, fingers stretched one side, thumb over the other. He doesn’t press down, he’ll usually leave it there as a promise until Castiel’s coming, when he’ll finally squeeze his hand and rip Castiel’s sanity from him. The gentle pressure has the desired effect, Castiel lets his broad grin soften some to something much less smug, and he locks eyes with Dean.
There’s a lookout they go to sometimes when the apartment’s full and Castiel worries about disturbing the others. It’s where Dean first appeared to him when the war in heaven spilled over onto Earth and made the inclusion of human hunters a necessity in the fight against Raphael. It’s been years since that day, almost a decade, and even if the battles on Earth have become far less frequent, leaving hunters less imperative, Dean still returns to Castiel. Every time.
"Feel the same?" Sam asks, eyebrow raised. "Most definitely. We were all sort of hoping you guys would figure it out eventually, but there was an apocalypse, and another, purgatory, death, blah blah blah, and you just never did."
Once they've finished, he uses his jaws to take the beast by the neck and begins pulling it towards his camp. There's enough here to feed him for weeks, and he's not going to let it go to waste. The raven follows him, and he can tell it's curious, intent on seeing what he plans to do with it.
Castiel thinks about it for a moment, chewing on his bottom lip before he finally nods. Sam climbs to his feet and pats Castiel’s shoulder on the way out of the room. Castiel stays where he is for awhile, staring at the wall for a moment, thinking about the freckles on Dean’s cheeks before he stands and leaves.
He walks to the nearest tree and drops down to sit against it, kicking a leg up and planting his foot in the dirt. He sits his arm over his knee and rests his chin on top of it, staring over at Rowena and Sam. They're talking in hushed whispers, so quiet Dean can't even hear them with his enhanced senses.
Dean rolls his eyes and starts pulling on the clothes, sitting on the edge of the bed to put on his socks and a pair of unstained boots (and how the hell does he only have one pair with no grease on it anymore?). Once he's done, he checks the time - five minutes past six - before taking a picture in the closet mirror with his middle finger raised and sending it to Benny.
The first bullet hits the snow beside his leg and he growls, howling into the sky before he pounces. They're obviously not good shots if they can't hit him while he's stationary, so he's got a good chance of scaring them off without getting himself seriously injured. If he kills any of them more will come looking for him, and he has no doubt they won't miss. He bites into the elbow of one of the hunters, hard enough to draw blood but not hard enough to permanently damage, before he flings the woman off to the side to attack the other two. He doesn't get to them quickly enough, and a bullet lodges into his leg, blood spilling out onto the snow. He howls in pain, sparks like lightning shooting through his body, but he pushes through it, lunging towards the men, clawing at their bodies.
"You're a fuckin' menace," he tells Castiel, who has the gall to send Dean a toothy grin before he pulls away. "Hey, what are you doing on Thanksgiving?"
Bobby gives Dean a considering look, scratching at his cheek, over the stubble of his beard. "What was your name again?" Dean gives it to him. "Dean, Dean," the man hums thoughtfully, and Dean watches as it suddenly clicks for him, realization dawning on Bobby like a lightbulb turning on in his mind. He suddenly smells like surprise, worry, and fear. "You a were, boy?" Dean nods. "Back in the day when I was working for the Men of Letters, I was sent out with a group of hunters to a werewolf community in Lawrence, Kansas. At the time I weren't sure if they'd sent me as a punishment or a babysitter. They'd hit them ten years before, but they hadn't wiped 'em out, so we were sent back to clean up the mess. I'd followed two hunters into a house. There was a woman hiding in a closet with a kid and a baby, I found her first." He pauses for so long Dean's almost sure he isn't going to continue, and he's about to open his mouth to urge him on. "When I said I thought I was being punished, it's 'cause some kids they had locked up in the dungeon escaped on my watch. Barely girls. It's when I lost faith in the mission. Kids made it hard."
"Cas is meaner than you are, Benny," Dean tells him, giving him a sharp smile. "Didn't even think that was possible."
It’s Dean’s job as Sam’s big brother to rib the fuck out of him when he’s happy, but he doesn’t, simply because Sam hasn’t told him yet. But it’s also partly because when Sam found Dean and Castiel making out in the garage he didn’t tease him at all, and Dean will always be grateful for that.
"This witch, Crowley, he's been removing people's memories and sending them to people like us. We smuggle supernatural beings like you guys into countries where the Men of Letters don't have a foothold." Donna sets her elbows on the table and rests her chin on her hands. "We don't know why he's doing it, but we know he's doing what he can to help."
Castiel nods his head, stands up from the table with the chow mein and goes in search of Dean. He finds him in the
"Fuck, Dean," and when Castiel reaches over and pulls Dean into his arms he can't hold back anymore, huge gulping sobs escaping his mouth despite how hard he tries to stop them. He presses his face into the crook of Castiel's neck, and even scenting him doesn't help. He's let the tears go now, and he can't stop them. "Shh, Dean, it's alright. I'm here."
Dean takes a deep, shaky breath and nods his head again. “Yeah, I know, of course I know. I’ve known for ages. Even before you said you loved me when the Empty took you.”
Sam and Eileen still haven't appeared by the time Castiel has almost finished cooking and he's becoming increasingly nervous, though he's unsure why. He's made pasta from a recipe in the cookbook Eileen gave him when he decided he wanted to learn how to cook, and it doesn't look great (the sauce is too thick and he thinks he may have overcooked the pasta) but when Castiel tastes it, he decides it doesn't matter what it looks like, because it has a really strong bacon flavour. Dean, at least, will love it. Castiel has long since decided that the only opinion he has ever and will ever care for is Dean's.
. It's a five-hundred-year-old grimoire and it contains a spell that will return any archangel on Earth to Heaven and keep them there for an unknown period of time."
Dean and Castiel leave them to it, finding the bedroom with their things sitting on the bed. Dean tells Castiel to sit down and is about to go find a cloth to clean the angel's wound, only to be stopped by a bright, shining light emanating from the cut. When it clears, the cut is healed. "Why didn't you just do that earlier?"
"You were supposed to leave," He tells the man, looking up and over at Jody and Donna as they stand side by side, guns raised, shooting devil's trap bullets at the demons in the fray.
“Fuck, Dean,” Castiel groans, hips grinding up into Dean’s almost imperceptibly, the shape of his hard cock ghosting against Dean's thigh. Dean presses a sharp grin into Castiel's shoulder and grinds down harder for him, tasting Castiel's pulse under his tongue and shivering at the reverberated groan in Castiel's throat.
Dean's eyes flutter open and Castiel almost drowns in the deep sea green of them before finally, again, Dean says, "You're doin' so well, baby."
Sam appears first, sitting at the table next to Jack, clapping a hand over his shoulder in greeting, and smiling over at Rowena. Castiel hands the pot of pasta to Dean who places it on the table, then the pile of plates, then the salad Dean begrudgingly made (after a fair amount of complaint). There's still most of a bottle of wine in the fridge and Castiel grabs that while he's reaching for the beers. Eileen looks nauseous again when she enters the room, she’s a bit pale and looks like she might vomit, the way she’s looked on and off for days. Castiel's suddenly reminded of the hours Kelly would spend in front of the toilet the closer she got to her due date. She often complained about having to go through the morning sickness again, and not being told that it could reoccur.
Castiel snorts, mouth turning up into a smile. Dean uses his hold in Castiel's hair to pull the other man forward, planting his mouth over Castiel's. Dean kisses him gently, his hand in Castiel's hair slowing until he's stroking rather than tugging, turning onto his side so they're facing each other. Castiel lets out a frustrated noise when Dean doesn't press forward any further and deepens the kiss himself, pulling Dean on top of him.
Dean leans back against the wall, feeling a bit dizzy. "And the baby? What was his name, where did he go?"
When they reach the Impala in the back of the lot, Castiel is reluctant to let go, and Dean seems to be too, so they stand there for an unnecessary amount of time.
Emma takes the passenger seat while Dean drives and Castiel sits slumped in the back. He's particularly good at playing this world's Castiel and it makes Dean weirdly uneasy. Emma is holding open a map, and she hums thoughtfully while she reviews it.
"Claire knows her limits, and she knows if she goes over them, we go home and she gets dumped into bed," Castiel replies, to which Claire nods, taking the first drink of her beer. "Jack's allowed to have one drink with dinner on special occasions, but he hasn't found an alcohol he likes the taste of yet. I'm hoping it'll stay that way."
Dean takes one of the pouches out of the bag Rowena had given them and turns to the trees. Rowena hadn't given them a specific amount, so he fits as much as he can in the pouch before tying it and putting it back in the bag. When he looks up, Castiel, the idiot, is very slowly prowling a butterfly as it flies around the edge of the pond. He tries very hard not to laugh, before seeing if he can sniff out a butterfly that's already dead so Castiel doesn't have to kill the one he's set his sights on. He feels a bit like a bloodhound when he does this, which is an extremely amusing thought, and he's not quite sure why.
Benny takes his bottom lip between his teeth, the corners of his mouth turned up before he says, "Okay, not a problem." Dean tries really hard not to look smug, he really does, but he can't help it. Benny gives him an unimpressed look, then turns to Castiel to roll his eyes, like they have an inside joke at Dean's expense.
Castiel doesn’t actually get to talk to Dean alone, cause as soon as Sam and Eileen are gone (on a salt’n’burn case they stole from Claire and Kaia) Jack appears in the kitchen looking for his cereal and a place to crash. He looks exhausted. While Jack is a celestial deity, he’s still at least somewhat human, and does occasionally need to take care of human needs. He forgets that sometimes. He usually only stays a night or two before flying back to heaven to continue his full scale overhaul.
, in shaky letters. Rowena had made a face at it, at the peeling paint (which was now covered up) and the scratches (which they'd chosen to leave) and had tried to give Castiel money for a brand new one, but Kelly had loved it. In fact, she'd loved it so much she had started to cry, which wasn't to say unusual for her at all, it was just the deciding factor in keeping it.
Dean kisses Castiel again. “C’mon, let's get these kids somewhere safe,” he replies, squeezing Castiel’s wrist gently in his hand before the two of them climb into the car.
Sam and Eileen are kissing, and Dean keeps telling Castiel not to interrupt these sorts of things, but Castiel’s sure this is important enough. He steps inside, clears his throat to catch their attention and says, “I've found my belongings.”
"You doing alright? Freaking out?" Dean asks Castiel, turning to face him and settling into the corner of the couch. Castiel's only answer is an easy shrug, but despite the little time they've really spent together, Dean knows him well enough to know he's worried, even without having to smell him. "You can say no, keep your memories locked away."
Dean’s entire body feels like it’s on fire, blindingly hot, and he feels so close to coming, though they’ve barely been at it any time at all. He’s not sure what’ll send him over the edge, though he doesn’t think it’ll take a lot.
Dean's heart feels a bit like it might beat out of his chest and he says, "You picked a really bad time to say that."
When it gets too cold outside, they get back into the car with the heater on, but they don't leave just yet, collapsed in the back seat while Dean's Kansas tape plays on the stereo. They don't have sex, they don't do anything more than kiss between the stupid stories they share; like the time Dean broke his arm as a kid falling of the top bunk of he and Sam's bunk bed, despite John telling him not to hang off the side, and the time Castiel fell of his bike and stacked it as a kid, breaking three of his baby teeth, or the time Benny tried to jump off the roof into the pool as a kid and ended up hitting his leg on the edge of the pool, snapping the bone. They don't get back into town until past midnight, and they crash in Benny's bed.
"Holy shit, Benny, you horny fuck, we're in public," Dean tells Benny with a snort, shaking his head with an exasperated eyeroll.
He’s alone in the room, at least until the door across from him opens and three figures come filing in, from tallest to shortest.
Dean looks back at Castiel and nods when the shapeshifter holds up three fingers on his left hand. Third door on the right is Bevell's. When they reach the door Dean stops and listens, sniffs the air. Their hallway is empty, and nearly silent, the only sounds Dean can catchare distant raised voices and a few gunshots.
Castiel reaches down behind him, between Dean’s thighs for the base of the vibrator, knocking it inside Dean’s body. Dean’s thinks he plans to just fuck Dean with it, until the vibrations start.
And because Gabriel’s a shit, as Dean and Castiel are on their way to the hallway, he says, “Just make sure you aren’t mauled by anymore bears in there.”
Dean finds it hard reconciling the small, pathetic-looking dark-haired man in a witch’s trap and covered in blood with everything that Dean's heard of regarding Fergus "Crowley" MacLeod. Crowley's reputation had always been one of violence, irritability and biting sarcasm, an utter contradiction to the man held in the Men of Letters dungeon.
Dean eyes the clock on the wall, then the others in the room. He smiles at Kelly, who smiles nervously back, then turns to Rowena and nods. "It's time. Be ready."
Dean bemoans the loss of his Impala in this world to Castiel when he discovers the car this world's Dean and Castiel use. It's a fuel-efficient SUV and Dean
Castiel rises and falls again slowly, over and over again until he just suddenly stops, sitting down on Dean's hips again. He opens his eyes - glassy, his pupils blown - and stares down at Dean, a sharp grin forming in the corners of his mouth.
Dean touches his arms and shoulders often, leans in to tell Castiel something about the case they're working and steadies himself with a hand around his forearm. Sometimes he plants his hand on Castiel's knee to get his attention when they're sitting side by side. Sometimes he pats Castiel's cheek on his way to bed.
Castiel thinks about it for a moment before the realization dawns on him. “I still don’t understand why we couldn’t have stayed and sent them to Rowena’s apartment.”
Dean cuts down two small trees, ripping the branches from the trunk before he cuts them into smaller, more manageable pieces. Once he's done, he carries the wood back to the cave and sets it all in the corner.
Dean and Benny end up catching a ride home with Castiel, though when they're at Castiel's they don't actually leave. Once Castiel's made sure
"While I never had sexual intercourse during the occupation of a female vessel, I suspect the notion is not dissimilar," Castiel replies, groaning when Dean stretches his finger out to touch his prostate again. His fingernails dig into the flesh of Dean's shoulder and a shiver rolls down the other man's body, a small moan spilling from his mouth. "Oh."
Dean chuckles. "I know baby, that's why I pointed it out." He turns to Castiel then and asks, "You okay?"
Dean flips him the finger as he leaves, taking the lift back up to the station. Donna has disappeared when he gets there, but Jodie's still sitting at her desk and he waves at her as he leaves. He takes the route past his brother's office back to the shop and sees the Continental sitting in one of the parking spots out front. Eileen's just leaving and he catches up to her, waving to get her attention. She's got Mary tucked into the crook of her arm and she hands the tiny baby over to him without him having to ask. She walks towards the shop with him.
"That would be totally weird and you know it," Dean tells her, rolling his eyes and kissing Mary's forehead before handing her back over to Eileen. He kisses Eileen's cheek and signs, "I love you asshole, I'll see you tonight."
. "Ellen never said I had a brother, but she hid a lot from me, I think it hurt too much to talk about it. Where's our mom and dad? The rest of the pack? You said people lived."
"Shut up, Benny thinks he's a vampire," Dean tells him, taking the seat next to him while Benny sits across from them. As Dean's picking up the menu to decide what he wants (though he's pretty sure at this point he's been here so many times he doesn't need to bother) Castiel sits the bottle of Starward on the table and nudges it towards Benny. Dean burst into laughter. "Did you go all the way to Billings for that?"
Benny braces his elbows on the desk and leans forward on them, hands under his chin. He's got a glint in his eye, and Dean's not sure if he should be worried, or really, really turned on right now and dropping his jeans. "Manje'm."
Before Dean answers he tils Castiel's head up and leans in for a gentle kiss, hoping it expresses how he feels and he won't have to actually say it. When he pulls back, the look Castiel gives him tells Dean that it had.
He has to wash his hair, because he didn't do it the last time he took a shower and his hair feels like it's glued together with gel and sweat and probably a little bit of grease, and it's disgusting. Sam would joke about Dean being a 3-in-1 kind of guy when they were in their twenties and he would buy Dean shampoos and conditioners because he was a shit. Dean will never tell him that he actually liked one of the brands he'd bought and he'd been using the same thing for ten years. Sam would act like an ass - Moreso than he already does.
He used to pilfer his dad's car and come up here with Sam when he was a kid, when their dad was on one of his worse binges. Years later, when he was older, he would come up here with someone, though rarely at this time of year.
Castiel's careful when he slides his cock from Dean's body, rubbing Dean's hip to soothe him, then falls onto the bed beside him, curling under his arm with his face tucked into Dean's ribs.
He has to start rounding them out the door by five to start making dinner for when Sam, Eileen and the girls arrive, which he feels bad about. Castiel catches Dean's wrist in his hand as they're heading out the door and leans up to whisper in Dean's ear.
“Hey, you’re okay. I promise, he was just worried about me, he wanted to protect me like you protect each other,” Dean says gently, taking another few slow steps closer, stopping when the kids try to flatten themselves against the wall. He holds his hands out to try to calm them, and says, “C’mon, we aren’t going to hurt you, I swear it.”
