"Let's proceed then," the older Holmes quietly advised, lightly jostling the small hand in his own in a playful manner to try and lighten the somber, tense mood. Only when William jostled back did Mycroft let go and turn the tap on, waiting for the water to reach the right temperature: hot, but not too hot, as his sibling had instructed in the past.
John hesitated for a moment. His emotional entanglement with Sherlock surely hadn't hampered his professional eye. He could still recognize depression when he saw it.
Eventually, the lumbering man-child lost interest in preparing the meal and strayed from the kitchen area. Sherlock hoped dearly that it would not turn its attention toward him, but it was a vain hope, considering he was probably the most stimulating subject inside the primitive little lodge.
"Just go to sleep, little brother." Reaching for the night light to switch it off, Mycroft hoped that would be the last he'd hear from William that night. He was disappointed but not surprised when his brother proved him wrong once more.
Sherlock narrowed his eyes irritably. “One would think that you were suffering from dehydration instead of me. It’s obviously…” he paused when he turned the camera back to himself and saw the screen for himself. It was blank. With a hint of desperation in his eyes, he repeatedly pressed the power button, and then finally cursed in resignation.
Mycroft tilted his head in a condescending look. There was the Mycroft Holmes that John Watson knew.
The following minute consisted of intense and very humiliating scrutiny in the shape of poking, prodding and more squeezing, as if John were not even a person but a Christmas hog about to be taken to slaughter. To these men he supposed that's all he was. Not a sound escaped Sherlock while his friend was examined, but his erratic breathing and unwillingness to watch were clear indicators of his true emotions.
John was, of course, well-aware of rape conducted as a type of psychological warfare, especially in primitive cultures, but he had never expected it to happen to Sherlock or himself, not on this side of the globe. He'd truly believed he had left such atrocities behind when leaving Afghanistan. Clearly that had been an erroneous judgment; one that had cost him greatly.
"What is your problem?!" Sherlock growled, and his hand shot out like a cobra's head to reclaim his cushion.
Though he knew it would do nothing, John wished desperately for the ability to speak. The instinct to object, to shout, to do...
"Someone get a shovel!" he exclaimed, grasping for composure even as his heart began to hammer in his chest. When the team only stared at him, he explained, resisting the urge to call them idiots. "There's a tube leading under the soil! Hurry!"
"How do you manage to stay so calm?" the doctor said, walking into the kitchenette and preparing a kettle for tea. Sherlock leaned against the door frame of the bedroom, reminding John of how Mary stood that very morning.
Sherlock tried to scream, but it came out as an unsteady wailing. He clawed at his tiny prison, but he was too weak. Struggling now only made the dirt come in, and he did not want to knock the hose out of the opening. He was being buried alive. And the hose... was it to keep him alive until they (they? who were they?) decided to bring him back up? Was it to keep him alive until...
They wasted no time dallying in the convenience store after their inquiry, as Sherlock’s poking around in the aisles was beginning to alarm other customers.
Fortunately the man-child only seemed interested in getting a closer look, lifting a leg here, inhaling the scent of the neck there, and looking to be deeply fascinated with the detective's head of thick curls. The other two ignored him, which presently suited both partners just fine.
"Yes or no, Sherlock?" the elder Holmes pressed, clearly waiting for his brother to deliver the correct amount of squeezes.
On pure impulse, the one-eyed man-child gathered his quarry off the bed and looked around for a suitable place to hide the pale whore. It still wasn't moving, head lolling limply over One-Eye's shoulder as he lifted it. His gaze fell on a wooden apple crate, half-filled with bloodied old towels used to mop up blood and remains. It was large enough to contain the gangly Outsider and would hopefully hide One-Eye's transgression from the Patriarch's watchful eye.
"Mary, we're back!" John hollered jovially as he entered and then quickly removed his hiking boots, which had gotten pretty muddy during their little excursion. Sherlock followed his example, too low on energy and frankly too hungry to take the argument which was sure to follow if he made a mess of the cabin.
Bobbi Ferguson nodded solemnly. "Phyllis and Chris..." she said in quiet, hushed tones. "I knew them."
“You may as well give them a shoulder to cry on,” Sherlock once said, “you’re a doctor, you’ve got the bedside manner.”
He was not looking at Mary, so when she leaned in and kissed his cheek, he was a little surprised.  When he looked at her, she was smiling. Perhaps the heat was getting to him, but he was almost sure he was looking at a genuine smile, not some pitying forced one.
John immediately shook his head. "No way. My girth could get me stuck, and if that's the case, I want you to have a chance to escape first."
The skinny hunter impaled a piece of boiled flesh onto the barbecue fork and lifted it, smearing the greasy hot morsel against Sherlock's tightly closed mouth. When the young detective refused to comply, the meat was jabbed against his face. Sherlock was surprised that the teeth of the fork had not skewered his cheek.
“You really did a number on yourself, didn’t you?” he muttered, picking up the bottle of lotion and squeezing out a small dollop into his palm.
John could only imagine the man's response to such inquiries, and what his mind conjured up was not even remotely positive. With any luck, they would have time to get off the man's property before he returned with a shotgun.
"So..." John said, his throat suddenly dry, "how long was he..." he hesitated, not at all liking the idea of Sherlock so monstrously treated, "... in hospital?"
"John? John!" Sherlock's voice broke through the doctor's dark thoughts and momentarily drew him back to their present location. The younger man's smooth, cool hands enveloped John's flushed, sweating face and turned his head up toward Sherlock's own. The detective's pale blue eyes held John's firmly.
John quenched the painful thought and tried to banish it from his mind, but it kept returning like a stubborn fly drawn to a sugary substance. If their motive for abducting Mary was truly what he feared, John saw no reason why they would keep her alive for any period at all, as opposed to slaying her on sight.
Sawtooth wanted him out of the house so as to have time alone with his pathetic, sobbing toy. Begrudgingly, he did as told, grabbing a shotgun before he left the cabin.
"His leg needs to be amputated," Mycroft stated. Based on the way Nasim looked at him, the assessment was correct.
John had returned home after midnight, drunk from the four or five beers he had consumed at a pub. The alcohol had dulled his senses, but it could not still the turmoil in his heart.
John glanced to his right, toward the yard of the family who had saved him. Their property did not have enough open space for the aircraft to land. The paramedics would have to walk - or rather run - the rest of the way. Hopefully they did not have far to go.
Stretches of time were lost to his brain thanks to the bouts of unconsciousness. The last time he was conscious on the local's porch, he could hear a familiar sound... the repetitive cacophony that he just couldn't place in the fog of his delirium... until he actually saw the maker of the sound hovering over the house.
Pressing the button one more time, John was pleased to find that the camera worked again. The display screen lit up and was instantly filled with the color of flesh.  John nearly blushed at the awkwardly lascivious poses of the subject.
Using both hands had kept him from hurting himself, but not the same could be said for the mountain man. Whether or not the move had hurt it the detective did not know, but it was at least thrown off balance, and Sherlock took this opportunity, no matter how brief, to turn and retreat.
William looked up at him, interest piqued. As immature as he was, the youngest Holmes was intelligent, and he appreciated being spoken to like a grown-up.
The mere sight of Sherlock, as well as his ridiculous interruption, left John and Mary only staring blankly at him. In his hand was a small bag closed with a zipper. Though it was mostly a blur due to how quickly it moved about in the detective’s hands, John could make out that it was likely a camera bag.
He rubbed at his eyes as he thought over the events of the past two days, as well as what else might unfold or need to be dealt with in the near future. Somehow it felt as though the most powerful stimulants, legal or otherwise, would not be enough to fully invigorate him for this disaster.
“Turn right,” he directed the pilot, wanting a closer look. He was prepared to have been too hopeful, to realize his suspicion was in vain. Still, he had to know.
That's easy for you to say, John thought. You're not stuck and probably looking like some grotesque version of Winnie the Pooh clumsily grappling for a pot of honey.
One-Eye was useless. He could not be expected to contribute to the clan's living, let alone candidate for leadership. The dumb oaf was nothing but a burden, and the only reason he was allowed to live was Three-finger's fondness of him. Perhaps Three-finger had craved a child of his own and seen One-Eye as a reasonable substitute.
"MARY!" he shouted, about to dart past the car and search anew when skinny white fingers grabbed him by the shoulder and clamped over his mouth.
Now Sherlock really felt like crying. He resisted, but fighting back the tears only caused them to escape, and the rivulets left glaringly clean lines amidst the grime and blood of his face. A gnarled hand, its middle digits fused together, smeared the tears and mucus over Sherlock's face, then wiped drool from the lunatic's lips onto the detective's own, a childish spur-of-the-moment gesture. Even worse, the rotten hunk of bone, hair and meat was still in the creature's other hand, lolling about like some demented party favor from hell. Mary's eyes were gone, but the empty sockets still seemed to stare at him. Accusingly.
Sherlock looked towards the direction of the voice, seeing that his assistant sat motionless in a chair next to the laptop. He did not look happy. A blind person could have been able to tell. Not that Sherlock cared about how John was feeling. Priorities were presently different.
He hung up before the doctor could get another word in and instead speed-dialed Anthea, ordering her to get him a taxi. Mycroft loathed having to wait for menial things like transport with nothing to do in the meantime. With a small amount of luck, his leased car along with its own chauffeur would be readily accessible by midday.
"No, they were still in the cabin. That's what clued people in. They heard the dogs whining and barking inside. Neither Phyllis or Chris would've have just left their dogs unattended like that."
"No wallet," he noted aloud. John stood and joined his side, looking with a blank expression at the evidence.
Granted they were at a nudist resort, but John did not fancy the idea of roaming the woods without a stitch of clothing. Sherlock previous attempt had also ended in misery for everyone involved. John thought with some regret that unless Sherlock had scorched his skin in the sun and collapsed from dehydration and fatigue, John would never have had to discover his use of antipsychotics, which then led to his trying to offer Sherlock console (and the detective accepting it), which in turn led to an illicit roll in the hay. The Butterfly Effect, as it were.
Sherlock glanced at John, and even though he hardly wanted to take part in the strife between his partner and Mary, he had to admit that John sitting there staring like a dead fish was bloody annoying. He cleared his throat, which apparently jarred John from his uncomfortable paralysis.
Mycroft thought disparagingly. Clearly this was a well-rehearsed greeting she had asked countless patients.
Despite the summer weather, Sherlock still brought his coat with him. At least being in a nudist colony meant that he would not be wearing it. He might have additionally experienced a heat stroke, were that the case.
Mycroft rubbed his forehead, wishing he could stop his brain from wanting to structure, organize, improve, strategize... every second of the day. He followed Anthea out to the hospital parking lot, where his taxi was waiting, trying not to visualize the multitude  of unsavory characters that had sat in the seats before him. He gripped his scented handkerchief, just in case the stench inside the vehicle was overwhelming.
As junk was removed from the truck to make room for more practical trappings, One-Eye tossed aside a large suitcase on wheels. In fact, it was large enough to hold a person, if they were thin enough...
The airport was getting close enough now that Mary could see it as well from her side of the taxi. She clasped at the arm strap of her carry-on bag in anticipation.
Sherlock tried not to listen, desperate to concentrate on the sound of Mycroft's breath only inches away from his face. He wanted to hide further, somehow disappear from the scene altogether, but even slobbering drunk, Father would eventually find them, think to look in closets.
"Shall I contact any therapists or doctors in Britain yet?" she asked. "Psychiatrists? Perhaps one of your personal contacts?
"Hook it up to my laptop," the detective urged. He made an attempt to sit up and reach out for said piece of electronic, but the dizziness quickly overcame him and forced him to recline, hands pressed to his temples. New pearls of sweat broke out along his hairline, and he could feel them trickling down his forehead. John had soaked a small terrycloth towel in icy water and handed it to him; something Sherlock accepted without any grumbling this time.
The frantic screaming began and quickly increased in magnitude before Sawtooth had reached his target, and when Three-finger's excited cry of triumph followed, the clan leader realized that his eldest son had already reached their fallen prey. The notion angered him for some strange, primitive reason. He had not given his son permission to play with the scrawny whore, and Three-finger had been taking far too many liberties lately. Perhaps it was time for Sawtooth to assert his dominance, lest the insolent pup forget who was making the decisions.
Sherlock fought not to swallow too much of his own blood, as his empty stomach was bound to have a bad reaction to it. He did not want to find out what these monsters would do to him if he threw up, and on top of everything, he had to try to hang on to his liquids.
"Hold still, sir," someone said above him. Paramedic? He opened his eyes and saw the blur of a blue shirt before closing them again from the dizzy sensation that washed over him.
A few more seconds of fervent thrashing, and then the squirming body of the young detective went limp from the drug. Mycroft breathed a sigh of relief when he was finally able to let go and straighten himself. Normally he would have been ashamed of his brother's appalling behavior, but right now the elder Holmes could not be bothered with keeping up appearances; Sherlock was going to reach a state of notoriety amongst the hospital staff after this no matter what he said, and Mycroft could hardly blame them. Nurses were underpaid and overworked as was.
"Fucking rednecks..." she muttered, pressing down once more on the gas pedal only to get the same disappointing results. She realized she would likely burn the engine by trying and instead turned it off, half-expecting to see smoke billow from under the hood.
He waved towards the branches. Indeed, they looked as though someone had propped them  up to block something from sight. Pulling them away, the men saw a worn down path leading deeper into the woods.
She wanted to excuse the fleeting sight as a figment of her imagination, of wet leaves being moved by a gust of wind... except the air was dead still.
Had his friend's shoulders not been so sun burnt, the doctor would have wrapped an arm around him. Though normally not one to require comfort, this was clearly going to be an exception. John carefully placed his hand on the small of Sherlock's back, where the skin was still more creamy than red, and thus not as sore.
Not only was this pale one smart, he was defiant too. Neither bode well whenever the clan held onto victims as sources of amusement. Even stupid prey could be difficult to control if they were rebellious. One-Eye had only been a few summers old when he happened into the path of a victim who was fighting back like a caged beast and had found an improvised weapon in the form of a barbecue fork. The event nearly cost the boy his life, but instead only robbed him of his left eye, and thus gained him his present name.
The connection between the tube and the disturbed soil shot through Mycroft's brain quicker than lightning.
Mind palace, mind palace, he silently chanted inside his brain. But the more he tired to focus, the louder the hacking and sawing became.
John countered by meeting his friend's thrusts, and their bodies came together in a series of fleshy slaps, interrupted only by occasional grunts and groans. Sherlock dug his long, thin fingers into the doctor's chest, feeling the hard muscle of his pectorals still present underneath the soft layer of fat, and John answered by grasping the detective's buttocks with equal ardour.
“When you did… all this,” he gestured at their surroundings. “Be honest. When you came along and changed our plans… was it really for the case? Or was it to disrupt my time with Mary?”
"Whatever you decide on, get on with it!" Mary snapped irritably after Sherlock had spent over an hour trying to calculate the fastest route to the resort via the GPS system in his phone. For some reason, the machine would not cooperate.
As he said this, they passed a peculiar sight. Abandoned houses and barns had increasingly been the norm as they made their drive, but this would be the first time any of them had seen an abandoned school bus. Permanently parked on an embankment and covered in weeds, the yellow exterior had mostly peeled away and been replaced by rust. Several windows were broken, and the door itself looked as though it had been yanked off its hinges by some unknown thing.
Of course. Mycroft's lips thinned for less than a second. Consultation might lead to a battle of characters, and he had enough experience in hospitals to know that sometimes the egos of doctors outdid those of politicians.
Nasim looked guilty and allowed the rest of the sentence to trail off. He nervously wrung his hands, covered in bloodied surgical gloves. The man was an esteemed orthopedic surgeon; indeed one of the best available on such short notice. His reputation, however, did nothing to diminish his immense respect or perhaps outright fear of the British government official whose younger sibling's limb he had spent the past three hours trying to salvage. In vain. He did not look forward to delivering the news of his failure.
Only one man in the world could make Sherlock feel so small, so young, so stupid, so… entirely useless without even uttering any words, and callous bastard that he was, Mycroft always exploited it to the limit. Unable to launch a verbal comeback, Sherlock felt more powerless than ever. He wanted to scream, kick, scratch, tear, bite… Anything to unleash the overpowering feeling of anger and helplessness forced so cruelly upon him.
"How is he doing?" the elder Holmes asked, both desperately wanting to hear the news of Sherlock's condition as well as wishing he could postpone the inevitable and not have to face the grim reality of the situation. What if the news weren't… the least bit good? Mycroft wanted to berate himself for his thoughts; he had been a die-hard pragmatist since adolescence and was not about to turn back from that path at this age. Whatever Nasim had to tell him, he could bear it.
While navigating the mud, Mary tried to keep an eye out for the sign. And by the time she realized what the car was approaching, the tires were sinking. She felt the downward lurch and though a crash did not follow, the vehicle still came to a full stop.
"I didn't mean West Virginia!" John exclaimed, now rather exasperated. "I never wanted to come out here!"
A nurse's duties included restraint from passing judgment, but Mycroft caught the micro-expression of surprise she was unable to hide when she heard the answer. He found himself wondering on an unrelated note if Clozapine was a frequently prescribed drug in this part of the state.
“Maybe if this had been addressed before, we might not be in this situation now,” John replied, “or maybe not. This was always what separated us.”
John did not know what to say. And by the time he did, he did not get the chance to speak. An employee announced on an intercom that their flight was now boarding. John sighed and rubbed at the bridge of his nose.
Apologies for the lack of updates in the past few months. Myself and BloodylocksBathory are in the process of moving. Enjoy. :) We promise there will be more!
The consideration of the other man's present state granted John a slight bit of patience, and he wrote down another comment, underlining it:
John sighed, embarrassed. “Listen. I care about you. And I would love to go to bed with you at some point during this trip. So please, don’t think that I’m brushing you off. Far from it.”
John glanced down at the stone still in his hand and dropped it to the dirt. If he was about to set things right again, he would need more than rocks. If he might have a chance to rescue the one person he had left in this awful godforsaken place, he would have to focus, and keep his head clear.
"Exactly. I believe it's called social nudism, or naturism. A belief that nudity, when the weather permits, allows the person to live in greater harmony with nature."
Sweaty, parched, terrified, and now also irritated, John wanted to ask his partner if he thought John had done it on purpose, but that would mean more unnecessary noises, so he repressed his frustration and instead tried to watch where he put his feet.
The bleary little bitch was too feverish to give him any ideas. Pursing his lips as best he could over malformed teeth, his thoughts were interrupted by an audible crash, followed by an impatient bark from Sawtooth. Worry possessed the smallest hunter for a moment, thinking One-Eye had easily become a source of annoyance. Glancing out the door, Three-finger saw that their leader was directing the youngest to remove unnecessary excess from the vehicles required for their quick departure. At least One-Eye was being useful.
John blinked a few times, adamant not to let his persistent PTSD accompany him to America. Sherlock knew about it, of course - it was hard to keep anything secret from the pompous git - but he had not yet told Mary about his recurring nightmares, and John feared that she might break it up with him if she learned about his complete medical history. Life with an ex-soldier was never easy.
"I'm sorry." Sherlock loosened his hold but did not let go entirely. His clammy fingers pressed against the pulse point in John's wrist, and the doctor wondered if he was doing it on purpose, perhaps to check John's stress levels.
Predictably, the consulting detective was sitting or rather half-lying on the sofa and ferociously kicking the wall with his right foot, which was starting to take on a rather angry shade of red from the abuse.
"I assure you, I don't need medical assistance," he retorted, but she seemed to ignore him completely. Priding himself on not resorting to physical force, he was nearly ready to shove her aside.
John lifted an eyebrow, but Sherlock continued to smile politely, though the doctor himself could tell that his partner was only pretending to be amused.
The nurse read the scribbled message for him, clearly oblivious of the subject matter. John balled his functioning left hand into a fist.
"Dig, John," Sherlock said imploringly. "This wall…" he rapped at the wall in question with his knuckles, "…faces outdoors. You can dig yourself out beneath it. Use the instrument as a spade. Hurry, though. The soil is tightly packed. It won't give easily. If they catch you…"
Fortunately none of that had come to be. The little man had behaved in a predictably foolish way by returning to the den to rescue his companion. He had been an easy target for the experienced Three-finger, and Sawtooth felt something akin to pride when he thought about his eldest son and his skills as a hunter. He observed the way Three-finger dangled off of the heavier one, not giving it much thought after so many years of behaviour based merely off of impulse. His eldest got the job done, unlike the youngest, and thus had freer rein in the household. And if Three-finger's behaviour caused a few more cries of pain, then so be it.
“I wouldn’t say angelic,” Mary added slyly as they entered the domestic flights terminal at the JFK airport, to wait for their second and final flight. “He stared me down through the taxi window like an owl before we drove off.”
The rest of the sentence faded off upon the discovery of Sherlock being fast asleep. One of his hands lay limp against his thinly muscled chest, while the other one, which had been vehemently gesticulating at John moments before, hung off the couch. The terrycloth rag still covered part of his face, including his eyes, but John did not need to see them to know that they were closed, and would likely remain so for the next few hours. John checked his pulse just to make sure that this was natural sleep and not another collapse, and it was down to a calming 90 beats per minute.
"I seriously doubt that," John replied, inspecting the object. It was fashioned with a wooden, rounded handle, the metal half ending in a sharp scoop. John guessed it to be some kind of carving instrument.
“You know I was just joking, right?” she said with a gentle nudge of her hand against his side. John winced and managed a smile, but it was a lousy one.
Had they found Sherlock? And if so, had they killed him? John silently tried to convince himself that they had completely passed his friend by, but the chances of that were one in a million. And now they were coming for him.
"Oh yes, very much," John said quickly, hoping that Mycroft would not be able to make any brilliant deductions from just seeing a somewhat blurry representative of his face. No body language or other non-verbal signals. Maybe he had a chance.
“Don’t worry,” Sherlock said, hands up defensively, as though the anger he was receiving was unfair. “I’ve asked around the resort, and they’ve said that yellow store in Paw-Paw has plenty of groceries. And near that, they have a convenience store that makes sandwiches.”
None of the potential answers to his numerous questions made him feel more at ease. He had to get to the bottom of this, even if it meant going behind Sherlock's back. Sherlock for sure seemed to have no qualms about going behind his.
Sherlock walked briskly toward Ferguson's trailer, trying to make haste without making it too obvious that he was in a hurry. He received several curious, inquisitive glances from the people he passed on his way, some of them openly appreciative and admiring, others slightly more reserved.
Sherlock nuzzled John’s neck, just under his chin, and the doctor thought he could feel a smile there. A moment later, he felt a slick, warm hand returning to stroking his throbbing organ.
John quietly shook his head. "I've got a medical degree, Sherlock. You can't lie to me now. Clozapine is an antipsychotic. In fact, it's often used as a last resort for patients who don't respond to anything else. So please, just be honest with me..."
"Look who's talking..." Mary muttered with an eye roll. Sherlock and John's flat on Baker Street was rarely ever cleaned and looked like a hoarder's nest on the best of times. Sometimes, after one of Sherlock's experiments had gone awry, it looked like a bombsite. Mary also wanted to comment on Sherlock's irregular bathing habits, but she was too tired for the shouting match that was bound to follow.
The doctor clicked the video call button and waited. And waited. And still waited. Though he was fully aware of the time difference, this was still a difference between the morning and five hours from it. Mycroft would be busy "saving the world" and "leading Britain", but at least he would not be sleeping.
"The same day Sarah went missing..." the doctor murmured, wondering if that too could be a coincidence. "It's still just circumstantial, Sherlock. We don't know if--"
"Shhh… Sherlock, calm down," Mycroft said, speaking in soft tones so different from his usual commanding staccato delivery. "Do you want to tell me something?"
The ex-army surgeon nodded; it was a painful and embarrassing subject to discuss with Sherlock, but he figured that since his friend had begun to open up to him, he owed Sherlock the same.
Mycroft's first impulse was to slap William at the back of the head for his audacity, but he quickly quenched it, not wanting to take after their odious father. He had been rudely pulled from his much-needed sleep and could already feel a budding headache forming behind his eyes, but he would not resort to physical violence. His brother did not respect him, and likely never would, but Mycroft was not going to lower himself to the level of his four-year-old sibling and use his larger frame to bully William into submission. He was not a brute, after all. He was supposed to be the reasonable one. The adult.
Finishing his meager breakfast, Mycroft put on his shoes and slowly stood up, taking his essentials and new change of clothing with him. Leaving the sleeping quarters, he was about to head to the waiting room where Anthea would likely be, only to see her come around the corner. At times such as these she almost seemed to have a sixth sense.
"We shouldn't go there alone," he said. "These guys are crazy! You've seen what they've done. They're fucking serial killers. And we're not even armed."
"As you saw with the body, it's blatantly clear these criminals are not above torturing their victims. They've buried something here and settled the dirt around a tube." Mycroft's jaw clenched as he stretched out his last little iota of patience. "Put the pieces together, if you would be so kind."
The steady monotonous hum of the rotor blades was soothing, perhaps even downright hypnotic, and if he weren't feeling so sticky, so sore, so uncomfortable, he might even let it lull him into a sleep… Not actual "sleep" sleep, where you lay down in a bed and closed your eyes, but perhaps an episode of microsleep, a brief lapse in consciousness, a momentary relief from the arbitrary sensory stimuli hammering at his brain and demanding constant attention…
"A book wouldn't cover all of it," Sherlock replied, opening the closet door. "And despite my opinion towards Miss Morstan, I can assure you she didn't leave you for being a twat."
“She’s not right for you,” Sherlock insisted, refusing to take his hand away. “It’s not a good match, the two of you.”
"Nothing, I..." He tried his best not to fidget. "I'm just a little worried... about Sherlock." At least that was not an outright lie.
John, having heard the cackling followed by a scream moments before, tensed and looked toward the location of the backyard.
Gazing over the messenger window and noting the video call option, he looked up at a tiny circle on the topmost border of the laptop. It had to be a web camera.
"There are some areas of my back that I couldn't reach," he said, clearly having decided to switch gears. "You'll have to help me with that, John."
John could do very little with a shoulder full of buckshot. Sherlock was still out there, possibly dead, and if not, a subject of the clan's cruel amusement. Two mountain men were trying to kill him, and one of which had more cartridges for his shotgun on top of a bow and arrows. Behind him and his steadily winning opponent, a river raged. Death was imminent from nearly all sides.
"Oh, believe me, John, I try not to," Sherlock said with a snort. "But not even the violin can drown out the noises you sometimes make."
Sherlock habitually gave off an air of not caring about his "transport", but Mycroft knew the truth where others did not: Sherlock was on all accounts very vain, and being left scarred on top of physically disabled would be a hard blow to his ego. The younger Holmes had throughout his life received attention and admiration for his slim, athletic, well-proportioned  physique, and regardless of whether Sherlock would ever admit to it, even to himself, he valued his appearance highly. A broken body, even if it still housed a brilliant mind, was worth nothing to someone of Sherlock's constitution.
“Exactly what I said,” Sherlock answered. “Apart from Fridays evenings through Sunday, we would have to go shopping…” He paused for a moment, sidetracked by an attempt to remember something. “Did I not mention that earlier?”
Mycroft actually looked the officer right in the eye with a glance that could have wilted flowers. When the object of his irritation did not speak, he strode past him and continued to inspect the grounds.
"Where was that?" John asked, getting a closer look at the article. Sherlock opened a separate window for a map of West Virginia and its surrounding locales. The college students had vanished in a different location... but still within driving distance of the area.
Mycroft responded with a derisive bark of laughter. "Hardly," he said. "Colonel Moran has not exactly been famous for his good behaviour in prison. I am confident the parole board will reject his appeal, but in case they do not, I have the means to keep that beast of a man locked up for plenty more years."
A subtle surprise passed over Mycroft's face, which also read of predictable disbelief. Of course, anyone who might have been told the situation would have found it a hard yarn to swallow. Stories like these came from movies and lurid novels.
"You look ten years younger," John assured his girlfriend, thinking that in reality it was just three or four. Sherlock, who was coincidentally also going to be thirty-four in December, looked much younger.
“Lovely,” John said.  “Interviewing Mr. Ferguson in public about these very sensitive disappearances…”
Grip tightening, Sherlock ignored the query and began to lift himself. He did not care if his leg hurt, or that Mycroft was trying to stop him. He wanted to get up, he needed to...
Suddenly he had an idea, its success dependent on Sherlock's hearing as well as his ability to interpret spoken information. Mycroft knew there was a possibility of a language disorder - temporary or permanent - caused by the brain trauma despite Sherlock clearly having recognized him and his voice. There was only one way to find out. He decided to take advantage of his brother's spasmodic hold on his arm.
"He also has a minor traumatic head injury; a small epidural hematoma, but we got to it before it could pose a serious threat to his life, or his brain functions. He should recover fully, if he--"
"Then we're wasting our time, aren't we?" John asked sourly, whisking away an irksome mosquito that had been buzzing about his head for some time. "There's nothing to discover."
He could not get far with his army pension, and he'd gotten less hours than usual at the surgery lately. And London was an expensive city to live in, even for someone with a medical degree. Detecting did not pay well. Most of the time, people were actually bloody ungrateful toward you.
To Mycroft it now felt like it happened years in the past. Of all the men Sherlock encountered in his line of 'work', was it absolutely necessary to fall for one with such a lacking intellect?
"Just a second!" Near-frantic, John folded his arms across his chest to keep his robe closed while trying his best to obliterate any proof of having slept in Sherlock's bed. Yanking out a pillow that had his head print on it, John failed to notice that Sherlock's head rested between that and another similar one. A clanking noise could be heard from the detective's skull hitting the headboard.
John regarded the mess with which he had been left, and realized that Sherlock had no intention whatsoever to clean it up. Fortunately the kettle was made of stainless steel and had thus not broken upon impact, but other than this small detail there was nothing to be pleased about. Tea was everywhere, and it was still scalding hot.
The medical staff would be only be too glad to say goodbye to their patient when he finally departed, Mycroft considered. If he would finally depart.
"Because she's held on to it. Rich's assumed motive for murdering his wife would be to stop her from leaving. Sarah was not going to leave. If you were going to walk out on someone, would you keep their picture?"
"Although that doesn't prove he had anything to do with her disappearance," John felt forced to add. "Sure, he's probably a perv - a voyeur, if you will - but we have absolutely nothing that suggests he did anything but watch her."
"Don't panic," John said - not without a little impatience - to his partner before following. Sherlock only sniffed indignantly and returned his attention to the laptop.
"It's not just about myself, John," Sherlock argued, standing up and entering the bedroom. "You'll starve to death too. Perhaps not as quickly as me..."
"MN!" was all a frantic voice could return. Sherlock was indeed behind the door, but from the sound of it he had been gagged.
John had to admit that his friend, for all his callousness and cold-hearted reasoning, was probably right. Sherlock's lack of a heart was what allowed him to see things clearly without being hindered or dragged down by sentiment.
"And then we have to ask this next one," Missy continued, and Mycroft knew what the question would be. Of course. "Has he been using any illegal substances?"
John rocketed off the sofa like a tightly coiled spring and ran over to the younger man. "Sherlock! Are you alright?"
"Sarah's not the first person to have disappeared from Avalon. There was that couple in '07. You've been going here for ten years, and you seem to be a pretty tightly knit community. Surely you knew them, or at least knew *of* them?"
They had a two-hour wait for their connecting flight at the JFK airport, and they spent most of the time playing Wordfeud on their respective smartphones. John ached to buy a bag of crisps or onion rings - just something to munch on to keep himself occupied - but then he remembered Sherlock's painful barbs about his expanding waistline and decided against it. Being short truly had its disadvantages. Every pound he put on was blaringly obvious, and for some reason it all congregated around his middle.
The giant spun around, and though he did not hold a knife, the slim, pointed awl in his huge hand was of no comfort to his restrained subjects. John turned his face away, eyes squeezed shut. He wanted to be spared the sight of having it plunged into himself, but watching it being done to Sherlock and not be able to do a damn thing to help his best friend was an even worse scenario.
A thick, heavy lump grew in Sherlock's chest when he heard John practically denounce him, adamantly claiming that the whole thing had been a mistake. Did that refer to their past relationship as well? Did he regret ever meeting Sherlock Holmes? Did he mean so little that John was willing to cast him aside to instead pursue a relationship that had never even made it past the 'dating' phase?
John felt like absolute shit. Neither of he or Mary were able to get to sleep very easily that night.
Mycroft tutted. "Sick? Brother dear, you haven't eaten for over a day. How could you feel sick with nothing in you? Part of the good doctor's anatomy doesn't count," he added with that supercilious sneer they were both very familiar with.
He decided he might as well use the well-practiced method of 'restrained truths'. He used this method all of the time in his line of work, and it was quite simple. Be honest, reveal little, and rely on the other person's assumptions to do the rest.
It smiled, passing one large, filthy hand along the length of the detective's torso. The contact made Sherlock's skin crawl. His heart sped up, pounding against his ribs like a caged animal desperate for freedom, and a new layer of cold sweat broke out on his brow. The thing's foul body odour filled his nostrils, and though Sherlock would freely admit to neglecting his personal hygiene at times, the smell currently assaulting his senses was almost too much to stomach.
Mycroft's heart momentarily constricted at the display of blatant fear, and he bent down to whisper in his brother's ear. "Daddy had a lot to drink tonight," he explained. "He's fast asleep by now. He can't hear us." He was fully aware of the inappropriateness of detailing their father's drinking habits to a four-year-old child, but William was far ahead of other four-year-olds in his cognitive development and had no trouble grasping the concept of inebriation. It didn't mean, however, that he could comprehend the emotional aspect of his father's behavior. At sixteen, Mycroft wasn't fully convinced that even he could.
Sherlock prided himself on his ability to anticipate possibilities; something he had begun to develop from a very early age and come close to perfecting during his thirty-three years of life. Anticipating the human mind - a fickle organism - was decidedly more difficult, as one also had to take into account the volatile emotional factor: a driving force in most interpersonal relations.
He dashed back out again, only to collapse just within the couple’s sight.  John bolted upwards while Mary made a peculiar surprised shout, and they both hurried over. As annoying as Sherlock was, they did not want him passing out and hitting his head, or falling into the pool.
Sherlock nodded, clearly deep in thought. He opened a Firefox window displaying a newspaper article dating back to September 7th, 2007, and the headline made John's breath hitch in his throat. "Couple Missing" in bold print, followed by a grainy, black-and-white photograph of a middle-aged pair of people, the woman blond and overweight and the man slightly slimmer, but with a receding hairline.
"There was that store we passed, day before yesterday," she said. "The big yellow one? Some other visitors said it has practically everything. Perhaps a grocery run is in order."
"You should get some sleep," Sherlock said admonishingly after John had remained seated by the table, indecisive. "I want to get started on this case early tomorrow morning, and I need you focused."
Sherlock did not outwardly react, if anyone else had seen his behavior, but John had been assistant to him long enough to pick up on a few mannerisms. The detective’s otherwise motionless face twitched just under the eyes, and he swallowed. He had been taken aback by John’s outburst.
He wished he had thought of the deduction himself, that he could be a little cleverer to keep up with his partner's train of thought, but with the exception of Mycroft, John doubted many people at all could keep up with Sherlock Holmes' train of thought.
“Chew the furniture,” she explained, and John laughed so suddenly that he feared he had awoken the subject of their conversation.
Just as he thought he would draw his last breath and suffocate, a flap above him was unzipped. Sherlock gasped for the air, feeling some brief bit of clarity in his brain. Zippered lid, rectangular cramped space... This was not a body bag, but a suitcase. Though he had merciful air, it reeked of excrement. Had he been dropped into sewage? Something entered the opening, shoved into the case with him, long and thin. A hose of some kind? The flap was zipped shut again, leaving the hose stuck in its place.
"We've discovered an area where Mrs. Cavanaugh was wandering," Sherlock replied nonchalantly. "It had a certain amount of tracks made by others that has us... concerned."
After a few tries, the skinny hunter's playfulness turned into aggravation, and in its frustration at Sherlock's unwillingness to cooperate, it poked the detective's lip hard enough to puncture the skin and draw blood. And yet Sherlock would not open his mouth.
Flaky, red marks left by the mountain man's scraggly, unkempt fingernails now crisscrossed John's arms and shoulders. He tried not to dwell too much on the different kinds of pathogenic microbes that in all likelihood dwelt beneath those fingernails, or if he would live long enough to find out.
John made a mental note to either mind his sounds of self-pleasure from now on, or getting his bedroom soundproofed. Both were probably a good idea.
"Sherlock is my best friend," John said quietly. He reached for Mary's hand and brushed his thumb over her knuckles. "But I'm in love with you. I thought we had something special, and I hope one mistake on my part will not erase all that."
Oh God, how was he expected to do this without Sherlock? What was happening to his best friend this very moment? Had the savages found him yet? Had they killed him on the spot? If not, what were they going to do with him?
"The two nearest hotels are relatively close to each other," she informed him. "Although one is overlooking a river while the other is right next to a railroad track."
She started at it for a long moment, wondering if it was truly man-made and not something which - no doubt exceedingly rare - could have formed naturally, or by the intervention of wildlife, such as beavers. After a more thorough analysis, she deemed it unlikely. The height of the construction was far too great to have been done by a beaver, or even several.
He had expected the creature to come at him, but somehow the beastly little thing still managed to catch him by surprise. A sudden weight collided with him and dislodged him from his stance. Four thin but incredibly strong limbs, all long, wiry sinews and muscle, coiled around him with the lethal strength of a large constrictor. The deformed little psychopath had jumped onto his back and caught his head in a chokehold.
Of course, he reminded himself. It could never be so easy. The soldier in him dared not take anything for granted.
As he lay on the bed with his eyes shut, desperate to hide within his own personal world, his "mind palace", he felt rough hands jerking his wrists behind his head. To bind his hands, he predicted. Sure enough, he felt a rope looping around his forearms and attaching him to the bedpost. Sherlock briefly considered figuring out how to undo the knots when he was not being watched but decided he might as well not bother. Even if he managed to break free from his bonds, what then?  Try to sneak away, out into the woods on a useless leg? He was just too tired, too disheartened, to care.
Though some nurses welcomed them to the unit where Sherlock was being kept and cared for, Nasim did not seem to be present when the pair arrived. He was likely seeing to the business of another patient, but Mycroft considered the fleeting but still amusing thought that the doctor was actively avoiding him out of fear. Even so, the civil servant was eager to embrace the opportunity to spend some time (relatively) alone with his unconscious brother.
Mycroft arched one finely plucked eyebrow. "No? Then you're going to have to give me something a bit more tangible, Doctor Watson. How about a location?"
Glancing at the hatchet he'd used to dismember the blonde whore, he briefly considered using it on his current plaything and by that perhaps postponing its imminent death, if only for a few days.
“I guess I was wrong. This was why we never worked. You wouldn’t let me in. You wouldn’t allow us to connect more than just physically.”
"I don't imagine he's told anyone. I only knew about it because I was there to see the damage done to him."
“He’ll be fine if he actually rests and drinks,” John said, ignoring Sherlock’s cheeky little remark. The detective may have been right, but he personally had no complaints about Mary’s choice of clothing.
"Sherlock, since there are two of us, and only one of you..." John began, but the detective whisked his protest away.
Thinking himself an unwavering stone of a man, he hardly wanted to admit that he was beginning to find the place - in fact the entire area of Avalon and that surrounding it - incredibly unnerving. A location which could have been comforting and beautiful in its unending nature and lack of the stressful 'real world' was now alien and foreboding in its disconnect from the help which civilization might provide. Even now, the trees were feeling more like prison bars and hovels where any threat could be hiding. Sherlock found himself trying to remember how many venomous animals lived in this particular tri-state area.
“Hmmn?” Sherlock sighed as he awoke. He stared drowsily at John’s mad dash for composure. “What’s going on?”
, he chanted in his head, straining to mentally escape. Mind palace, fucking mind palace, God help me...
Wait… His left eye was gone. John was being chased by a one-eyed attacker. No doubt the mountain man knew these woods like the back of his own hand, but at least he had a limited field of vision and most likely also impaired depth perception, and these things might very well work in John's favour.
While Mary experimented with the photos, John went into his partner’s bedroom and carefully picked up Sherlock’s coat. The faintly superstitious part of his mind had a fear that the very moment he touched the article would cause Sherlock to bolt upright, like a spider sensing a strand of its web had been disturbed. Such was fortunately not the case, but John was careful not to rattle the pill bottle too loudly when he removed it from the pocket.
Missy froze for a moment, seemingly considering something, and Mycroft was just about to tell her to make herself scarce when she presented her suggestion.
have to be upset? It wasn't his relationship that was on the verge of destruction, not he that would have to spend the night sleeping on the sofa because he was unwanted. Was Sherlock still angry with John for going through his pockets? Did he regret their most recent sexual encounter? None of it made any sense to John. Sherlock had been the aggressor; clearly he had wanted it... at least then. Why the sudden change of heart?
Mary tilted her head, now upright and treading water. She gazed up at him with slight confusion. "Aren't you getting in?" she asked.
"How exactly did you escape such a fate?" he asked, his voice sharp and biting. "Moreover, why did you, if you were so inclined to protect a man with whom you share such a close bond?"
"What is the state of my brother?" Mycroft calmly asked, skipping the pleasantries before they could begin.
Sherlock slowly opened his eyes, and it took him a moment to recollect the recent events and orient himself. He was lying on his side on a cold, dry wooden surface, and though he could see absolutely nothing, he sensed that he was enclosed in a tight place with a dank, musty smell. Most likely underground, or at the very least on ground level. His hands were tied behind his back, secured firmly by duct tape, as were his legs, tied together both at the knees and ankles, which left him about as mobile as a caterpillar. A piece of the tape had been placed over his mouth as well, its polyethylene taste seeping through his lips.
A moment of pondering, and Sawtooth realized it was all wishful thinking on his part. The whore needed to be dealt with, preferably at once. There was no alternative except to kill it. Their grim situation demanded immediate action.
John Watson, licensed physician and Captain of the Fifth Northumberland Fusiliers, slipped into an uneasy, fever-induced sleep which was consistently plagued by nightmares.
The constricting sensation in his chest was starting to impede his ability to breathe. Sherlock knew what was happening from a purely clinical viewpoint: he was close to having an anxiety attack. His earlier episode with John confronting him about the pills had already been a powerful trigger. One could only hold back the most basic emotional responses for a limited time, and Sherlock, who did not bend, tended to break when the pressure accumulated and finally overcame his ability to cope.
Then a voice spoke up, nasal and high, words twisted almost beyond recognition by the customary mountain drawl accent, but a speaking voice nonetheless. It
"Sarah is your best friend, isn't she?" Sherlock commented as the trailer door swung open. "You said yourself that she wouldn't keep any secrets from you. And we're investigating on your behalf, Ms. Ferguson."
//First we escaped together. Dug under a wall. Sherlock stepped in bear trap. Demanded I find help. I tried diverting. Chased, fought, shot. Fell in river. The rest you know//
The skinny fiend snarled at him, and Sherlock returned the snarl with an equal amount of gusto. This only seemed to amuse the demented mountain man. His trademark giggle filled the cabin, and the three-fingered psycho decided to further entertain himself by dealing out several slaps across their bound captive's head. Had the one-eyed idiot been awake to see it, he surely would have doubled over from laughter.
“It’s a nudist resort in the backwoods,” Sherlock said, impatience in his tone. “They’d rather not bring too much unwanted attention.”
"Hi, Doctor," the nurse greeted him with well-practiced cheerfulness. "I'm just bringing Mr. Holmes up to speed on his brother."
He felt the wet, spongy sensation of its tongue on his skin, and the creature snickered, clearly fascinated by the response it generated. Could he perhaps lure it to free him? No, it might be stupid, but surely not that stupid. The clan would not have lasted this long if the idiot could be persuaded to release captives.
John turned back to Mary, who looked confused, and ready to ask for elaboration, but John lifted a hand to cut her question short.
The smallest one was excited to the point of practically vibrating. Only when the toothsome giant gave a gesture did he move, and when he did, the burst of speed forward caused both detective and doctor to expect Sherlock be reduced to tatters in seconds. Sherlock could not help the small yelp which escaped his lips when the gangly creature set upon him, but he realized very quickly that his flesh was not being sliced. Instead, the knife cut through his clothes, and the articles were ripped away from his pale body in little time. John watched in horror as his friend dangled naked in front of their filthy audience.
The grasping, sweaty hand began to travel further towards Sherlock's groin, as though the idiot was inspecting some fascinating new thing. Though the mountain man was no doubt exposed to victims and the abuse of said victims for years, Sherlock hardly thought the other members of the clan would encourage someone of this intellect to join in. Still, this mangy oaf still likely had sexual parts, unless the generations of inbreeding had done otherwise. Perhaps that was why so few were left.
As he reviewed the list, Mycroft returned to a certain name repeatedly. Said professional was one he had heard of before, for positive reasons, unlike most reputable people the civil servant had heard of. The good doctor's repertoire of education and achievements were impressive alone, almost unnaturally so. Either he was an impeccable self-promoter, or he truly was as remarkable as he seemed.
"Enough of that," John said, feeling as though he were reprimanding a child. The feeling was one he was quite used to. "Maybe we should wait a little longer..."
He released his grip on the quivering body which was now shaking its head and whimpering, and gave his plaything a harsh shove towards his eldest. Three-finger eagerly caught the near hysterical thing up in his wiry arms, chuckling at his new prize.
His heart took a tiny leap when his ears suddenly picked up the very distinct sound of creaking hinges. The front door opened, and a man stepped out onto the primitive porch. Not the axe-wielding mentally deficient lunatic John had encountered, but a man even bigger and, John quickly realized, also uglier. Standing at least 7 foot tall, the giant sported a cleft palate and upper lip offering John a good view of the sharp, pointy teeth not concealed by anything. Like his close relative, this mountain man had only patches of hair scattered across his skull, but unlike the axe-wielder, he wore a long, matted beard, which somehow made his grossly deformed features look even more inhuman.
"John, I've been looking all over for you! I've made a huge breakthrough in our case. You'll have to come with me at once to review the evidence."
Glancing out the window, John could see the airport coming into view, and he smirked. “Some days I worry he’ll require nappies, just for the attention.”
Realizing he had forgotten a towel, John hurried back to the lodge to retrieve one. The resort expressly forbade wearing swimsuits, but he would be obscuring himself with both his towel and his robe.
The lack of communication on the part of the medical staff suggested that Sherlock's condition had not changed in any direction. Most likely a surgical team was still working on the younger Holmes, doing their best to salvage what could be salvaged. Mycroft was loathe to think what that really meant.
As long as Sherlock was found and rescued, the doctor cared little about what happened to his own body. As bad as things were, he had gotten off easy compared to his poor friend.
John only noticed dawn was approaching upon realizing that he could see things more clearly. He could hear Sherlock breathing in the stall next to his; it was a rhythmic even flow of inhales and exhales. He didn't sound like someone who was in terrible pain, but then again, John knew how masterful Sherlock was at hiding his true feelings.
His caller ID identified Anthea as being on the other line. Contacting him after midnight for any reason had to be a serious event. His thoughts of Sherlock and John's strange absence still fresh in his mind, he fought his hands from trembling as he picked up the phone.
"Do you think…" She swallowed, and her eyes suddenly brimmed with tears. "Do you think there's any chance Sarah might still be alive?"
"Clozapine," Mycroft replied. "100 milligrams a day, if he's following the instructions. He's been taking them since age 21 for bi-polar disorder."
What little was left inside Sherlock's stomach lurched dangerously, but he swallowed down the urge to throw up. He had already felt the nasty thing inside him before, but he would have rather taken it where it had entered previously than allow it in his mouth. Climbing onto the mattress, the mountain man pulled his prisoner closer, guiding a bloody face towards his groin.
The slamming of the front door jarred him out of his daydream, and he looked up to see Sawtooth trudging along with a large bundle - short-range weapons by the looks of its shape.
"He woke up disoriented and I had to restrain him," Mycroft said with a hint of defensiveness. Who was this woman to be giving him dirty looks? "His IV was torn out."
For a moment which seemed to last a lifetime, Mary simply stared at the sight. She might have been trying to decipher the clues laid out for her, but considering her inebriated state, her brain might have been staggering through some serious cerebral muck to reach a conclusion. If she truly was having difficulties from the sight of a flustered John, and sheet-covered Sherlock – as well as the smell of a fog of sexual musk – the discarded condom lying in a crumpled pile on the carpet was the clincher. She looked back up at John, who was at a loss for words.
Sherlock bellowed out from excitement when he opened the door to the first bedroom. "I'll choose this one!" he called over his shoulder at his flatmate. Had it just been the two of them, John would not have bothered to object. Sherlock was used to having space, and the doctor knew how impossible he could become if he was denied it. The problem this time, however, was that Sherlock had chosen the bigger of the two bedrooms, consequently also with the bigger bed.
"Yes, Sherlock, and I already told you why." John knew he had to choose his words well, since this confrontation was going every bit as badly as he'd feared. "Normally, I wouldn't think this was any of my business." He gestured at the pill. "But I think it just might be. We're friends, right? Partners? Aren't we supposed to trust each other?"
“Your photos were taken during your stay in the resort,” Sherlock replied, changing the subject of conversation. He waved in the direction of the screensaver on her nearby laptop. He gave her a sly look. “Taken on the actual grounds. Which is prohibited.”
Sherlock pointed, and though John obediently followed his direction, there was nothing the doctor could deduce from the mishmash of tracks in the gravel.
Mycroft had reflexively pressed a hand to his mouth to block out the nauseating smell, but his eyes had never stopped observing. Fly larvae were crawling about in abundance in what remained of the rotting flesh, and their current size gave Mycroft an estimate of the time of death. No more than 48 hours, likely no less than 36. Not Sherlock then. John Watson's account of the events confirmed the younger Holmes to be alive less than 24 hours ago.
“Are you alright?” he heard Mary ask him, shaking him from his memories. He gave her a smile and took the hand which had been squeezing his knee.
"He killed himself. Filled his pockets with rocks and walked into the Thames. I was in college when it happened, and because of this unfortunate event I had to delay my studies one whole semester. Mummy could not manage Sherlock on her own, not unpredictably, the little hellion he was. I stayed home until we could have him sent off to boarding school. Except for some disciplinary infractions, some bigger than others, my brother did quite well until he had his first manic episode at sixteen."
The more he thought about it, the more agitated he became. A plan was beginning to form in Three-finger's brain, and as time passed, he grew more and more convinced of its validity.
John instinctively tried to chew on the inside of his cheek, but obviously was unable to. He wrote down his answer, hesitated, and regretfully added the remainder. As Mycroft read the response, the doctor could have sworn he saw a hint of a shudder.
"Vaguely," John said, trying not to bristle. He did remember, as well as Sherlock insinuating that Mary likely wanted to come here to visit deformed relatives.
Something about the situation worried John. Sherlock had been much too gracious about letting him go, even going as far as to embrace him and wish him a "great time abroad" before he stepped into the taxi that was to take him away from 221B Baker Street for an entire week.
"Ah-ha," Sherlock said, shaking John out of his not so pleasant daydream. The doctor leaned forward, scrutinizing the image. He was about to speak, but whatever he was going to say left his mind completely as he identified the shape.
Sherlock shook his head. "No..." he whispered. "Only Mycroft. Why do you think he's got me under surveillance?"
Mary raised her eyebrows for a moment, but went back to unpacking and putting away clothes in the bedroom, secretly wondering if she and John should hide their own towels. John simply looked up at Sherlock, stealing a glance downwards for a split second. Sherlock of course noticed the look and rested his hands on his hips. Whatever the opinion of his personality, his body indeed was an object of attraction for John in the past. The detective had picked up various bad habits throughout his life, but his flatmate had to admit, at least he had held onto an alright figure for this long.
“You’re so corny,” Mary said, though she laughed at his silly behavior all the same. It was good to hear him in a silly mood for once, and she hoped to see more of this mood during their holiday.
Sherlock looked confused and, John realized, a smidgen hurt. Immediately John regretted his harsh words, even though it still puzzled him sometimes how profoundly ignorant Sherlock was of normal human emotions. Subtlety and hints were wasted on him.
The question mentally stopped John in his tracks. He frowned at the notion and stared at Mycroft's unreadable expression.
“It’s only a straight drive from here,” John announced as they drove down winding roads framed by trees and the occasional empty field. “Keep an eye out for… what was it? Owl Hollow?”
“Yes, of course.” When she returned with a sheet, she looked over Sherlock’s skin with concern. “He won’t be happy when he wakes up,” she observed. “Those sunburns look downright furious.”
"Well, yes," the detective admitted, "but as a fair warning, the answer is not always what the client hopes for."
John wanted to sputter out an angry explanation, a demand that the pompous hog's prick would hurry out to rescue Sherlock, but of course he was struck dumb by his breathing apparatus, so all he could do was scowl. Damn, he wished he had taken courses in sign language.
“Considering it was her suggestion, I’m not surprised she chose the destination… based on key distinguishing characteristics.”
“Who is this person you’re supposed to meet up with, by the way?” John asked, changing the subject. He was not about to scamper about naked outside. Or inside either, for that matter.
John lifted an eyebrow, slightly doubtful. "You think our possible suspects really are the stereotype everyone makes about Appalachia?"
Looking back down at his brother, his eyes scanned over every injury. A battle strategy diagram of wounds. Sherlock seemed well enough to be awoken... if he were any normal human being. But the tragic reality was that he was not normal, and his very probable frenzied reaction was going to prove disastrous when he had so many things attached to him. Mycroft glanced at the surgical drain leading away from his brother's scalp and wondered if the same would have to be done to the stump which was once a leg.
After she was told that she had been a great help and that they would contact her if they found out anything further, Bobbi Ferguson went on her way, with some slight resignation.
He closed the door, much to the relief of his assistant, and moved on. John spied a nearby dresser-drawer and, taking some initiative, opened one of the drawers. Sarah’s clothes were still folded inside. Sherlock joined John’s side and patted the attire, feeling something solid within the folds. He removed a framed photograph of Sarah in a wedding gown, a suited man at her side. The image looked to be at least 20 years old, based on the level of fading color and image quality.
Bobbi Ferguson was a heavyset woman in her late fifties with dyed blonde hair and a thick layer of make up on her face. She was nude, like the other visitors by the pool, but her hands were adorned with various rings and bracelets.
"Cabin's empty," an officer called out through a window. One more piece of the puzzle in place, both comforting and worrisome. The team "ordered" Mycroft not to explore, but he ignored them, walking towards a small shed nearby. Flies buzzed about it.
Again, the members stood in the way of Mycroft's view, carefully unzipping the case and lifting the flap.
Locating a suitable spot to land turned out to be rather easy, but Mycroft had another concern: the sounds generated by the helicopter might alert the twisted group of locals to their arrival. The same group that presumably held Sherlock captive. The same group that could barely even be considered human, if John Watson's statement was true. Doctor Watson was delirious and had suffered extensive head trauma, which made him a less than reliable witness, but he had definitely not been lying. Ninety-nine times out of a hundred, Mycroft could tell when someone was lying, and this was not one of those times. John had believed every word he said… well, wrote, given that the ventilator didn't allow him to make any sounds other than wheezing.
Where were you, Mycroft asked his brother wordlessly. No one left absolutely nothing in their wake. There had to be clues, somewhere.
Rubbing at her eyes and grabbing her purse and the keys to the rental car, she exited the bedroom and noted that John and Sherlock had already left to further investigate. Partly she was a little relieved that she did not have to tell them goodbye in an already uncomfortable environment, and she left the lodge, started the car, and drove out of the parking lot.
"Who is paying for your little trip then? Mycroft?" he asked. He knew very well that due to his impulsive and often rash nature, Sherlock did not have access to any large amounts of money at a time. Mycroft had long since managed his younger brother's finances.
John had managed to arrange his sheet, blanket, and pillow on the sofa as an improvised bedspread when Sherlock exited from his bedroom. The doctor tried to give a small smile, but his expression went largely unnoticed. The detective did not even look in his direction, shuffling off to the kitchenette, his face a blank slate. Utterly silent, he filled the kettle and set it on the stove to make some tea, wordlessly wishing he had brought his own from London. He was not terribly surprised that American tea was rather shit in comparison. But at present time, shit tea was still tea.
Sherlock - little Will - breathed long and deep, knowing to stay calm was crucial. Calm was good. Quiet was good. Quiet meant that no one could get to them. No one could hurt them. They were safe there.
The giant alpha soon bellowed the idiot back, obviously displeased with the younger one for shirking his chores. Cowed, the one-eyed man-child went back to stirring the pot roast simmering on the stove in an ancient copper casserole.
The cackling of the mountain man pinning him rang in his ears. He hated looking at the leering faces around him, so he turned his head, glancing beyond the giant. He wished he had not. Behind the leader was a wooden counter, draped with a weather resistant tarp. In the center lay a putrid disembodied head with familiar blonde hair.
Ah. After the outburst last night, the doctor was hesitant to bring on a repeat, which was far from unlikely. Mycroft only hoped that they would not be trapped in a stupid cycle of Sherlock waking, panicking, and being sedated all over again. He had to rely on the shaky, but still possible chance of his own presence being able to prevent it.
"They're still with him," she said. "I've been given directions to a shower available for your use. It's normally for medical staff. You won't be disturbed."
The smell of fresh blood became stronger and stronger the closer he got to his trapped prey, and mixed with it was also the very distinct smell of fear; something the seasoned mountain man had learned to distinguish extremely well in his long life as a hunter. It had taken more than usual to bring out the fear in this particular Outsider, but it was definitely there now. The scent was almost intoxicating in its sweetness, and Sawtooth felt his member stiffen beneath his dirty overalls simply from smelling the scrawny whore's pain. There would be a lot more of that to come.
“You’re rather enthusiastic all of a sudden,” John remarked playfully during their taxi ride to the airport.
Oh stop it! John berated himself. Sherlock managed to survive thirty years without you to watch over him. Surely he'll get through another week.
"What about your case?" the woman returned. "Sherlock can't seem to get through it without you, after all." Her statement was slightly bitter, but it had also been an attempt at humor that used to come so easily between her and the doctor.
"Camera..." Sherlock said, panting and making dramatic gestures with his hands. "Sarah's... Found it... by a trail. Pictures..."
John lifted an eyebrow, knowing who the correspondent was. “Has Mycroft sent anyone to retrieve you?”
But being restrained only increased Sherlock's struggles. Another string of sounds escaped the injured detective's bruised, swollen lips, but this time even Mycroft was not able to discern any words.
He watched as Mycroft produced from behind his back a notepad and pencil and dropped it in the doctor's lap. As John glanced up at his visitor, he saw a darkness pass over the elder Holmes' face that was not the usual condescending disproval, nor the annoyance which bordered on comical. No, this was the face of a man who ran the country and was not someone to be trifled with.
Sherlock thankfully did not remember his dreams, but he was still in a dreamlike haze when he awoke to the feeling of something jabbing into his side. He barely had his eyes open before he could recognize the sensation was coming from someone's finger. The detective found himself whining, as though he were a child again, being awoken to get ready for school. But a snarl entered his ear from mere inches away, and he quickly remembered where he was, feeling the vice-like grip of despair reclaim him.
"Then why go on holiday to an area that's prominently forest?" Sherlock asked, noting some peculiarly placed undergrowth.
The younger Holmes' hands lay placidly on top of the bedspread, clearly having been arranged that way by the hospital staff after his brief return to consciousness and subsequent meltdown. Amongst the numerous hoses and monitoring equipment surrounding his brother, Mycroft spotted a translucent plastic bag containing a yellowish liquid attached to one side of the hospital bed. His gaze followed - not without a certain amount of disgust - the flexible silicone tube leading away from the drainage bag and disappearing under the sheet.
Wary that someone might still be lying in wait for him, he carefully navigated the interior. Anyone nearby had to have been deaf to not hear the brief shouting match between him and John, but he still took care not to bump into or knock over anything. In addition, a chance, however small, still remained that the hunters were out in the woods somewhere, and in their return home, they might notice something moved or broken.
By the time Sherlock and John made it back to their lodge, the time was a little after one o'clock in the afternoon. Sherlock would not admit that he was hungry, as looking forward to lunch meant looking forward to what Mary had bought, and the thought of Mary still reminded him of his unfortunate argument with John. Even so, he preferred to avoid anything close to what had happened at the sauna.
Sherlock curled up as best he could with rope once again binding his wrists together above his head. He had thrown up once after being forced to perform oral sex on the giant with the diseased cock, (not much in his stomach besides water, stomach juices, and also the vile creature's semen) and to stop that from happening a second time, the clan alpha had covered his mouth with a piece of duct tape. Sherlock knew that if he vomited now, he would likely die from choking on it.
the voice of his younger self taunted him in his head. The voice belonged to the Sherlock Holmes he had been years ago, before he knew John Watson and still used drugs to relieve his near-constant boredom, and sometimes - which was more often than he wanted to admit - hustled to procure said illegal substances. Trading sex if he was low on money was simply another means to an end. A body was nothing but transport, and it could be sold when needed. The Sherlock Holmes that never got involved on an emotional level.
"I did not fly over here to work on a case," he snapped, shoving Sherlock's hand and the phone away. "And since when are you talking cases in America?"
John swallowed, trying to figure out what was the right thing to say. He could not abandon Sherlock; the eccentric detective's already fragile mental health had come to depend on John, and the doctor did not dare imagine what Sherlock might do if John left. He had a sudden horrific mental image of Sherlock stepping into a steaming hot bath and slitting his wrists, quite literally bathing in a sea of his own blood. Besides, Mycroft had said there would be consequences if he broke Sherlock's heart.
“That’s a rather ignorant statement to be making about the place, John!” Sherlock made a theatrically insulted expression. “After all, not all of the Appalachian mountain range is like an excerpt from a shoddy horror film.”
"That's it? You're not going to help us navigate?" Mary demanded, but Sherlock had already turned his back on them and pretended not to hear. Or perhaps he didn't have to pretend. The wiring of Sherlock's brain and his way of processing sensory impressions sometimes just shut down.
What was going to happen between her and John? Should she make the effort to forgive him? Should she move on and try to enjoy the rest of the vacation as best as possible?
Knowing that sleep would be hard-earned, Mycroft went to his medicine cabinet before bed to get a sleeping pill. At the moment he was too dejected to heed the obvious warning not to take the pills combined with alcohol.
John sighed. “That’s one way of putting it. Oh, Christ… I would have preferred to have gotten over it by now, but…”
“What do mean, they don’t serve food here?” John exclaimed the next morning, eyes wide with disbelief.
"We don't normally do this, but I could make an exception for you. There's a room in the back, it used to be an office but hasn't been used for years, people didn't like there not being a window…" She seemed to realize she was babbling and reined herself in. "The doctors on call sometimes use it to sleep. If you want to, you could use it. Lie down, while you're waiting for news…?"
"Try to be as quiet as you can," the detective advised. "The small one is a light sleeper. Even the smallest noise might rouse him."
Sherlock did not need to advise his partner to take care as they entered the property. By all rights, their mere arrival could have inspired the residents to open fire on them, but as far as both John and Sherlock could see, no one was in sight. Not yet anyway. So at present, they needed to be as surreptitious as physically possible.
He took one step toward his unruly son, and Three-finger snarled defensively, standing his ground. This expression of impudence had been a bad idea, and a scarred, massive fist shot outward and grabbed him by what little of his blond hair he had, shoving him to the floor with an audible thud. It still intrigued the patriarch that someone so small could still hit the ground so loudly. Sneering at the whore nearby, Sawtooth stood over his willful son and began to unfasten his own clothing.
"Well, to put it mildly: your brother was banged up pretty bad. The amputation itself went without additional complications, but you should know there is a considerable risk of infection, which, I assure you, we will do our best to contain. Mr. Holmes is currently receiving two different kinds of intravenous antibiotics. The surgical wounds are one thing, but at present the biggest concern is the dirt your brother has inhaled into his lungs, as it poses a risk of pneumonia."
John very nearly said the word again, but he managed to hold himself back at the last moment. He looked down and gave a deep breath. Sherlock had not made a sound since the reveal. John was personally grateful about his partner’s absence, as part of his mind that was not working on an apology had the deepest urge to punch him in his pleasurable little mouth.
Sherlock reached into his suitcase and pulled out his burgundy silk dressing gown, slipping it on. The material was easy on his burnt skin, downright soothing. Sherlock normally felt just as comfortable in the nude as with clothes on, if only the weather permitted, but now was going to be an exception. If he was to face John again this evening, he would require a layer between the doctor's eyes and his skin.
Again John wanted to be able to speak, to tell Sherlock that things would be alright. He felt like an idiot for it, but he still wanted to say it, despite the situation. But he could not, so he convinced himself that providing comfort was useless.
"We still have the camera," Sherlock stated. "We'll photograph more evidence. Grab something for a weapon while you're at it." He glanced aside as though to indicate those responsible for this mess.
He could understand Sherlock's almost perverted exhilaration slightly better now; this was their first major breakthrough in the case. Still, the fact that Sherlock had been willing to push himself to the brink of a collapse was worrisome, especially as it hadn't been the first time. If Sherlock had been even half as passionate about his relationship with John, then perhaps...
Pushing back the blanket which covered him (blanket? he could not remember there being a blanket when he lay down to rest) he swung his legs over the edge of the bed and promptly realized that whomever had tucked him in with a blanket had also removed his shoes. And not only that, but the (presumably) same individual had laid out a new clean set of clothing for him (nothing fancy or tailor-made, but nonetheless something that looked like it would fit him) as well as a bag of toiletries which would help him make himself somewhat presentable when it was time to rejoin the world. On top of it all, they had left a tray of bread and cold cuts (again, nothing fancy, but certainly not the stuff hospitals served to patients) along with a small plastic cup containing two water-soluble Aspirin tablets.
"... also, one of his molars was forcibly removed, but so far it's not at risk of infection thanks to the antibiotics."
“I thought maybe you knew that,” he said. Sherlock finally did look at him, and indeed saw what he had not wanted to see. Disappointment. Pain. Sadness.
Mary backed up against the further end of the cramped space, bending her legs. Perhaps if she timed her defense well enough, she could kick the evil bastard when the door was finally forced open.
John did not bother asking how Sherlock knew such a thing, not when his partner was the master of deducing the seemingly unknowable from people, and especially not when the hyperactive behavior of said freakish individual made the deduction so obvious. He nearly asked Sherlock how they might get the boards loose without making much noise, but he took a deep breath and examined the quandary himself. The wood gauge was still in his hand, and as he rolled it in his fingers, he happened to glance at the nails in the wood.
Her wording made Mycroft glance at her. He hardly wanted to think that far into the future, but he did nonetheless, out of necessity and practicality.
A tiny twinge of guilt struck Sherlock's core, but he swallowed it down, focusing instead on the matter at hand. Taking a deep breath to prepare facing his friend, he was met with the ever-present stench of the yard and cabin, and he was not quite sure if he could ever be desensitized to the foul odor of blood, entrails, rotting flesh, sweat and...
The pair headed back the way they had come, confident that the river would finish the job for them. There was no way the wounded, fat little man would escape the current. His body might be washed up on the bank further down the river or found floating by some Outsiders, perhaps tomorrow, in a week, or even a month, but there would be nothing on him that could possibly be tracked back to the clan. If anything, Sawtooth was sad to lose the meat. The plump one, if utilized to full extent, could have fed the three hunters for close to a fortnight.
“Or at the very least, get kicked out,” she added. “And then where would we stay?” She played with a wet lock of John’s short hair as she cuddled close. “An abandoned shack in the woods? I think not.”
"Right," the older man muttered. "We may be dealing with savage abductors in the middle of practically nowhere, but this isn't some seventies' cannibal film."
Thankfully the lumbering young brute only sniffed at him for a moment and went away again. For much of the time that the dismantling of the dead meat took place, Sherlock was ignored. This suited him just fine, but suspicion lingered as to why. Had the family planned something for him? A mental image formed of them stuffing him inside an animal carcass like some hellish version of a Mongolian nomad's dinner.
Mycroft closed his eyes for just a moment, fighting against the pull of dizziness. He knew that on top of the psychological stress caused by Sherlock's abduction, he had neglected the basic needs of his human body: food, sleep, even hydration. Anthea, ever the dutiful PA, had obviously sensed her boss' thoughts, because the following second, an already opened can of mineral water was gently thrust into Mycroft's hand. He abhorred the taste but drank several gulps, both to please Anthea and his own over-strained system. The most acute symptoms of exhaustion abated, and Mycroft felt he could manage another few hours.
The door to the cabin was predictably unlocked. The stench inside was even worse than in the shed, a multitude of foul odors mixing together to create an almost tangible atmosphere. Sherlock felt bile rising in his throat and had to bury his face in the crook of his arm until he managed to procure a napkin through which he could breathe in order to filter out the worst of the stink.
A moment of silence followed. John wondered if he had successfully managed to convey his message to the simple but seemingly kind-hearted local, until the man spoke again.
Mycroft nodded, a curt gesture to express he was done with the man, and the doctor nodded back, turning on his heel and disappearing around the corner. Mycroft and Anthea stood there in silence, save for the tapping of a finely manicured nail on a tablet screen.
"I can't… fucking move…" the now deeply distressed doctor panted back. A looming sense of hopelessness suddenly overcame him, and he ceased his squirming in an attempt to regain his breath and make his frantically beating heart slow down to a more manageable level.
Stupid question, John realized, as he had seen with his own eyes last night what the inbred lunatics thought Sherlock was good for. The memory of his partner being violated by the biggest - and ugliest - of the mountain men, of  having to watch his unwilling body being used as an outlet for such animalistic urges made John's throat constrict painfully, and he had to stop for a moment to collect himself and choke back the anguished sobs which threatened to break free.
No. These were good people. Not everyone in these woods was a sadistic freak. He was safe now. …but Sherlock wasn't.
John did not hesitate to envelop Sherlock in his arms as soon as it became physically possible. After last night's horrific turn of events he had not dared to hope he would ever be allowed to touch the other man again, to feel him, and if this was his last chance to do so, he intended to make the most of it. Sherlock accepted the embrace but hardly returned it. Leaning his head against John's neck for a moment, he then pried loose the arms desperately clutching him.
John knew the possibility that Sherlock hadn't heard him was highly unlikely; the detective's hearing was as acute as his other senses, and he had proven many times over that he picked up stuff that weren't even intended for his ears. No. Something was wrong. John's gut had been trying to tell him that for some time.
Perhaps it was the pain from the violation and missing tooth combined with a lack of food and water that was muddling Sherlock's brain, or maybe even the despair which was closing about him closer and closer following John's death, but the detective's doubt was becoming ever more powerful. It was snagging its curved thorns throughout his brain and making him wonder... had Mycroft been right? After all, words John had said concerning the importance of tenderness were proving to have merit... far too late.
In his slow creep towards the blade and dazed observation of the two hunters, Sherlock had not realized he had an audience.
“I’d rather not discuss the images,” John said. “Not presently. This is a tender subject, but it needs to be addressed.”
Dr. Nasim still seemed a little surprised at how well the elder Holmes was taking the situation, but he did not waste time asking if his was certain. Still, his well-practiced ritual of a proper bedside manner persisted one last time.
"Someone was watching her," Sherlock said. John inwardly confessed that he felt the same breed of satisfaction his partner presently felt as well, that sense that they had uncovered another piece of the puzzle.
The giant promptly dumped their prize on the old wooden table, and the mountain men exchanged a few words - sounding more like a pig's grunts to an outsider's ear - between themselves, the giant likely doling out commands to his two sons. Sherlock buried his face in the crook of his good arm and prayed they would not take notice of him, until he heard the sickening sound of a hand saw eating through a limb. The monsters were dismembering the body.
The thinner man currently being sniffed at by One-Eye had the possibility of being a problem though. They had caught people like this in the past, defiant and refusing to cooperate. But they always screamed. Work at them long enough, they always scream. They always beg and cry. They cooperate then.
Was the hatchet-wielding lunatic alone? Sherlock had mentioned three different sets of tracks when they examined the path earlier, one of which belonged to a giant. Was this the giant? John had not gotten a very thorough look at the assailant, being busy running for his life and all; only that the man was substantially larger than himself both in height and girth.
One-Eye, as usual, greeted his brother with great enthusiasm when Three-finger had been gone any length of time. One hour or one day, it never mattered to the big oaf, as he seemed to lack understanding of time.
Mycroft nodded mutely, assuming that "things went well" translated to "the leg was severed and successfully removed" without explicitly wording it so.
John nodded, but his behaviour left Sherlock unconvinced that he was up for the task. The doctor was practically shell-shocked, the look in his eyes distant, as if he had mentally left this horrible scene far behind.
Despite knowing he would provoke Father's wrath for going against his wishes, Three-finger cared little. He could take whatever punishment Sawtooth choose to dish out for his disobedience. Be it a beating or a week of starving. He could take it. The safety of the clan mattered more.
Curling up back into his original position, he tried to retreat into his little mind palace within, but he found it difficult. Instead he listened for the sounds of crickets outside. In the distant trees he thought he could also hear an owl.
Sherlock snorted. "Please! You give yourself way too much credit, John. You didn't 'hack' anything. The password had already been entered. You simply clicked 'log in'."
Three-finger rarely slept for more than an hour at a time. His overactive body and mind made him constantly wakeful and agitated, and the closeness to his younger brother's large, heavy frame made any kind of rest difficult to find in their shared bed. One-Eye had refused to move into a bed of his own. Despite having grown to a size twice that of his older sibling, One-Eye needed Three-finger, perhaps even more now than he did as a baby.
"Quaint little town," Mycroft said, his sarcasm thick enough to cut with a knife. "The former, obviously."
Sherlock tried to utilize his normally astute powers of observation to predict his captors' next course of action. It was not as simple as he was used to. His eyesight was becoming hazy and blurred, and his brain refused to work as the well-oiled machinery it was. Instead it now behaved like a clockwork struggling to operate despite sand being thrown into the gears.
Without consciously registering his actions, Mycroft sunk to his knees, his hand moving of its own accord toward the slack, lifeless, mangled face of his brother. Sherlock had never liked to be touched, particularly not by him, and Mycroft would honour his wish, even in death, but he just wanted - no, needed - to feel him, only one last time…
The stench of decomposing flesh got worse as they snuck under the windows and to the side of the cabin where a small shed had been slapped together some time ago. The door was fastened shut, but not locked, likely to keep out small scavengers as predators were, as deduced, infrequent in this clan's territory. Sherlock walked right past it, taking a significant look at the path toward the backyard.
"Yes, tea would be lovely," John replied with a wan smile. As soon as Mary was out of sight, he opened his tightly closed fist to examine the mysterious pill closer. Round, approximately one centimeter in diameter, groove in the middle to make for easier splitting. The letters CPN were engraved above the groove, and the number below it said 100. 100 milligrams, then.
The moment he had enough room to move his leg, he pulled it out of the bear trap. Would these primitive brutes even treat his injuries, or would they simply let him bleed out where he lay before taking him back to their cabin and to dismember him? At the moment, this outcome sounded preferable.
"I imagine things were more than a little difficult, especially after your father died," he said. He was not pitying, but sympathetic. His opinions of Mycroft notwithstanding, the doctor knew the man still loved his brother... in his own way anyway.
The nurse left without further ado. John hoped he had not scared her badly enough to have her call security on him, but it would not be a surprise at this point. Nothing would. Nothing mattered, either. Except Sherlock.
“I have… issues,” John finally said, his voice feeling weak from the dry throat. He felt a hand touch his bare knee, and when Mary spoke again, her voice was quiet, but even.
John's vision dimmed within seconds, and he realized he would be rendered unconscious very soon unless he managed to break out of the sleeper hold and reestablish the blood flow to his brain. He clawed frantically at the thin, unbending arms of his attacker, but he might as well have been tearing at a pair of steel shackles. As the lure of sleep beckoned to John, growing stronger by each second, he knew he had to resort to desperate measures. Putting his left foot against the wall of dirt which constituted the river bank, he used his last remaining strength to push as hard as he could.
"Sherlock, what's wrong?" John tried again, but before he could make any further inquiries, the detective suddenly halted, causing John to collide with his back. The doctor had an annoyed reprimand on his tongue, but the sight before them, no doubt what Sherlock had discovered in the short time they were separated, made John's throat constrict painfully, allowing no sound to pass.
Unlike many seemed to think, Sherlock took no joy in giving people, especially his own clients, bad news. These people came to him for
The detective dropped his head, and a melodramatic sigh exited his lips. He was visibly displeased about the interruption. "Yes, I brought them," he murmured.
John was fairly confident he could squeeze through despite his plumpness, and if he managed, Sherlock would not have any difficulties.
"What's the matter, Mr. Holmes? Can't take the heat?" Mycroft slowly turned his head to regard the SWAT team member taunting him. The man was short with thinning black hair and olive skin, a bit on the stocky side, and judging from his accent - which he'd worked hard to shed - a second generation immigrant from a Latin American country. The civil servant made several more deductions concerning the law enforcement officer's origins and family situation and concluded that much of the animosity projected toward the outside world in general and him in particular was in fact poorly concealed concern over a sick family member, most likely an elderly mother or grandmother.
The sun was shining brightly now in the sky, but the day was still early enough that the heat had not yet surrounded John and Sherlock in their tiny prison. Even so, John was sweating in tiny rivers. For the past hour and thirty minutes, he had been madly digging at the dirt like a mutt desperately trying to hide a recently acquired bone. Sherlock had been silent for the duration, but John could still hear him breathing evenly, or so the doctor persisted, desperate not to worry or think of anything which would slow down his digging.
"Like this, John?" Sherlock purred, his voice thick with need as his skilled fingers fisted John's engorged manhood. His grasp, stronger and steadier than a woman's often tentative fondling, could have brought John to climax in less than a minute.
All of them were, Sherlock noted, fake, and had most likely been purchased from the accessory section at a Wal-mart.
After nearly half an hour, Sherlock finally returned. His dark curls, normally so messy, were plastered to his skull like a helmet, further accentuating his unusual facial structure, and his pale skin was bright pink in spots from the heat of the shower. The most striking thing, however, was that the detective was naked. Unashamed of this fact, Sherlock proceeded to throw his wet towel into a corner.
Had Mycroft felt a similar anguish following the hours after Sherlock's assault when his little brother was in critical condition? No doubt the Ice-man was more adept at handling stressful situations than John himself, but he must have felt
Retarded mountain man One-Eye displays an interest in Sherlock that has consequences for himself and the detective.
John was starting to feel numb all over from the fear. He heard his clothes rip before he felt them yanked from his body. Even so, he preferred the bastards play with him instead of Sherlock. Not that he expected them to ignore Sherlock entirely, but he would rather he took the worst of it.
When the red sticky mess coated his hands and much of his face, he moved on, savoring the feeling and not minding the flies which now buzzed around his gore-soaked visage. The rabbit was not quite the same as his ideal target, but for the moment he was satisfied. Imagination was enough for now while he scouted.
Even so, he still knocked. The trailer door rattled and he heard movement from within, followed by his client's voice telling him to wait "just a second". Looking around the location, Sherlock suddenly felt a chill, despite the summer temperature.
Pain shooting through his arm was what awoke Sherlock. He nearly wanted to cry. Or throw up. Somehow he could not do the latter at the moment, almost as though the meat he had been forced to swallow was determined to digest in his stomach. Opening his eyes - which in turn triggered a headache - he saw that his bonds were being unlocked from the bed frame. He could have tried to struggle loose once no longer attached and... no. He was too weak. He hurt too much.
Sherlock removed his ticket and boarding pass, and John wished he could have slapped that smug grin from his partner’s face.
He could remember the two pathetic attempts at sex with his previous girlfriend, Dana. The first time he had managed to become erect, but came prematurely after less than a minute, and the second time he had stayed as flaccid as a snake with a broken neck despite repeated oral and manual attempts at stimulation from Dana. She had broken it off with him two days after that fiasco, her explanation the usual: she liked him a lot, but they were too different and not right for each other, and would be better off as friends. She did not state his performance issues as a cause for the break up, but when John looked into her eyes, he saw pity, as clear as day in them. Not that he could blame her. Pity was not a basis for a relationship.
Thinking was not something One-Eye normally did or was even encouraged to do. Obeying without question was the best way to keep Sawtooth happy; something One-Eye had learned at an early age. He had also learned not to touch his father's tools or anything else without permission, and this Outsider definitely counted as one of Sawtooth's things.
"You are not to mention this again unless I bring it up first," he continued, fixing his assistant with a steely glare. "Understood?"
"I know, dear," Mycroft said, struggling to keep the judgment out of his voice. He stood up and reached for his little brother's hand. "Let's get you cleaned up then."
Missy's arm unexpectedly shot out, connecting with the wall closest to them and nearly causing Mycroft to walk into it, throat first. He was practically ready to throttle her, and the only deterrent factor was knowing that if it came down to a physical confrontation, he would probably not come out victorious in his current state.
Could it really be true that she was lost in the forests of West Virginia? She fished her phone out of her purse just to be sure, but it was as bad as she had expected. Probably one could not get a decent signal for miles and miles around these areas.
Sherlock felt a bizarre inner conflict at his possible fate. The smallest hunter clearly hated him and wanted him dead, no matter the consequences, but being kept alive by the leader in exchange for the torture and violation was hardy preferable. In fact, Sherlock was beginning to wonder if he really wanted to stay alive anymore in this hot, foul-smelling hellhole.
Approaching the pool’s edge, he grinned as she finally noticed him and swam over. “Come in,” she urged him. “It’s lovely. And as you can see, barely anyone else around.”
"We're at a nudist resort," he casually remarked upon noticing John's stare. "I suggest we try to blend in."
A moment passed before Three-finger woozily lifted his head. He might have felt the pain of the impact had so many decades of his family's peculiar breeding not stunted his ability to feel pain, but he did taste the coppery blood pouring onto his lips from his nostrils. Within seconds, his tattered overalls were being wrenched off of his skinny frame. A familiar occurrence by now. He glanced at the whore, still chained where it sat, now acting as audience... and unwilling by the looks of it. Much to Three-finger's satisfaction, he could see that the head had not been removed from between the Outsider's thighs.
The SWAT team members scattered and offered their British escort a free pass to the newly unearthed grave. There, packaged up in a dirty old suitcase, most likely snatched from a previous victim, lay the long, narrow body of Sherlock Holmes, the world's only consulting detective. Despite the roominess of the case's storage area, Sherlock's body had been folded almost in half to fit, forced into a position a human - with the rare exception of certain Yoga champions - could not maintain for more than a few minutes without severe pain. Sherlock was naked, and his normally smooth, pale was skin scraped and bruised in more places than it was unmarked as well as caked with dirt, dried blood, and various other bodily fluids.
"Mycroft did mention a parole coming up. What do you think would happen if he was actually released?"
One-Eye got off the bed, twitching from agitation much like his older sibling did at times. The pale whore continued to simply lie there, showing no signs of waking up. The youngest of the small clan scratched his scalp, trying desperately to think of a way to solve the problem.
Suddenly a muffled groan rose from beneath the rags in the apple crate. One-Eye sighed in relief, realizing he hadn't killed his family's new plaything. Sniffing at the towels and spying a hint of naked skin amidst the stained material, Three-finger poked at the body within, resulting in the startled twitch from the whore. Though the smallest hunter chuckled at his discovery, Sawtooth was not amused in the slightest. He snarled an order for the pale man to be returned to the bed, which his eldest son promptly followed through with, hauling the naked body from the crate and dumping it beside One-Eye. Though One-Eye moved to pat the waking man's thick curls, his father lurched forward, whipping his arm at him like a bear clawing at a rival.
Sherlock shook his head. "I get the feeling that any large predators that did live in these woods have long gone. Hunters such as these would need to bide their time between human victims so as not to get caught. They'd either exhaust the food supply of meat around here or drive the species away."
Fortunately, luck was in his favor. Most of the resort-goers were using the outdoor pool and enjoying the warm weather and sunny skies. At the most, two men were entering the sauna at the far end of the indoor pool. Otherwise, the pool itself was empty, save for one. Mary was swimming the length of the pool, and as ordered by resort etiquette, was quite naked. She might not have had the most fit of forms, but she was still in much better shape than any of the women John had seen ever since entering Avalon. John found himself smiling at the sight of her body as she awaited his arrival.
"He's given a continuous flow of morphine in his IV," Nasim replied. "When he wakes up, the pain should be under control."
Sherlock. Who was now apparently off-limits to him. That bastard Mycroft. That wretched dastardly prick.
The mountain man's face pressed against his as he reached at his belt for something, and when the object was removed, Sherlock realized he might just get his wish. An old revolver was cocked in the maniac's mismatched hands, and as it was aimed right between his eyes, Sherlock was resolute to keep his eyes open, to look past the gun and at his killer.
To his surprise, that actually drew a small chuckle from the detective. Sherlock's morose disposition quickly returned, however, after a series of rapid, repetitive eye blinks, which only served to remind him of his lifelong illness and the adverse side effects brought on by the medication.
The idiot's rough, callused hand squeezed his hip experimentally, as if testing the texture and quality of his flesh. Sherlock tugged uselessly on his bonds and groaned at the pain it sent flaring through his broken arm, but he preferred it to the touch of this creature.
“Lack of…” he echoed. “Did you…” He rubbed at his face for a moment, as though letting the actual words sink into his skin. “It’s a nudist resort.”
There was not enough strength or vigor left in the detective's mangled body to make a lunge for the blade. His right arm was useless from the elbow down; his fingers, even though he could still feel them, were no longer obeying the commands from his brain. Likely the result of motor nerve damage on top of the broken ulna, Sherlock deduced, possibly in the risk of becoming permanent unless…
"What...? You're sure? We've been out for ninety minutes." John called out his girlfriend's name once more and was met with nothing but silence.
“No one’s really been using her spot,” Bobbi remarked. “Like as if maybe they want to leave it open for her… in case she comes back.” She stopped only to begin to weep. Sherlock grimaced at the behavior and only continued looking around for clues, leaving John standing with some amount of discomfort about the situation. He was still nervous about the fact that he was the odd man out in a community of nudists, but he also felt terrible about the way Sherlock was once again ignoring a client’s heartbreak.
Never before had he wanted so badly to die. Trapped with these monsters with his one chance at rescue thwarted and the person he cared most for possibly gone for good, the detective saw no point in living on, especially if it meant only more agony and torment.
Sherlock could remember the sour, acrid stink of Sebastian's sweat, present whenever he blew up in heated anger and became violent. He could detect a similar scent in the air now, but did it originate from the colonel or someone else?
He was alert enough to catch the nod one of the medivac crew gave toward him when greeting a nurse. She promptly approached the civil servant, and he immediately prepared himself to stand his ground no matter the issue. In fact he had a very good idea as to what the problem was.
A scream echoed through the trees, and a familiar scream at that. One of the pair had stepped in a bear trap. Sawtooth hoped this meant the downed man's companion would linger in an attempt to help free him. Past victims usually did.
“And second of all,” John continued, his tone sharper, “I was under the assumption that we trusted each other. I’ve trusted you with my life, you know.”
Mycroft began to feel the pull of sleep as he watched his brother's motionless form, and he nearly considering giving into the urge when Anthea extended her arm, indicating her phone. With a quirk of the corners of her mouth, she showed a phone number on the screen, complete with extension: the therapist's personal number.
John pulled his hand away, feeling the gesture was somehow forced. After all, Sherlock was not overtly sentimental.
He still wants to kill me, Sherlock concluded. He wants to, but he won't dare go against the alpha, not after what happened. But why?
“Well,” he said, giving the notion some serious thought. “Better not. He’ll want to do it himself. Ah-ha!” He reached the photograph from the display screen and pointed at the familiar shape on the sky. “There. It is smoke. See the width? A bonfire would be much larger. There’s a house out in the woods. A shack at the very least.”
Of course for all he knew, private chauffeuring in this town would mean a rusty old lorry truck. He pinched the bridge of his nose; pessimism and stress from the situation was definitely getting to him.
John stretched out on the sofa, being for once thankful for his short stature, as it allowed him to sleep without having to keep his legs perpetually bent, or his feet hanging off the end. He'd had breakfast: milk and cereal, and two cups of coffee to kickstart the day. Yet there was absolutely nothing to do, and John felt he might as well fall asleep again out of boredom. Was this how Sherlock felt most of the time?
Sighing, Mycroft lifted a hand, a clear gesture that he be handed the phone. Anthea complied and he listened over the past few messages. The earlier voicemail entries were the usual demands to know what was going on, the whereabouts and condition of Sherlock, and so on, but the most recent was not only the longest but most specific.
The detective's eyes narrowed slightly as he pondered the question. Deducing emotional responses was so outside his area of expertise, but he was willing to give it a try. Besides, he had some facts to go on.
He didn't deem it necessary to add that in many respects, Sherlock was still a child. A petulant man-child who could not be trusted to look after himself half of the time. A task, which, in the recent years, had been passed on to John. He wondered if at least Mycroft was able to live a fuller life now that Sherlock was not his responsibility alone.
"Answer the question, Sherlock," the older man admonished, but the imploration - conveying more than enough patience, according to Mycroft himself - did not have the desired effect. The civil servant swore under his breath as he once again had to increase his efforts just to keep Sherlock from inflicting further harm upon himself.
"Jumping in bed, I know!" the little boy said with scowl. "You always tell me not to do things." William crossed his eyes and adopted a purposely goofy expression as he lowered his childishly high voice to imitate the darker, nasal timbre of his elder brother, "You mustn't do this, or that, or anything, because it's all bad, and I'm never allowed to have any fun, because I'm boring as hell!" The actual result did not sound much like Mycroft at all, and he would have been loath to admit that a four-year-old had managed to wind him up, so Mycroft bit back his retort and decided not to scold William for his cussing and apparent disrespect. He was sixteen, and his brother was only four. One of them had to be the bigger man, and it wasn't going to be little William.
After thirty-three years of existence, Sherlock had become an irritating but valuable constant in the elder Holmes' life, and the idea of a world without Sherlock was not only daunting, but terrifying to Mycroft. Since the age of twelve, his sole purpose in life had been keeping Sherlock safe; or as safe as possible considering Sherlock's habits. If Sherlock was to die…
Sherlock had been found, and he was alive, but that was the extent of the information Mycroft was willing to share. Did Mycroft blame John for what had happened? Was he justified in doing so? The questions were plentiful, and it seemed the elder Holmes was not willing to provide any answers. It meant John had to take matters into his own hands. He would start by asking for a list of hospitals within a hundred mile radius and then call up every single one of them and ask questions until he was given something - anything - to work with. He would get to it as soon as he'd regained enough energy to devote his full attention to the very daunting task.
"No! I don't want it!" the four-year-old yelled, stomping his bare feet against the bathroom tile floor for added effect.
Sherlock moaned, the sound tapering into a whimper as he shut his eyes. He wanted to be asleep again, oblivious from the truth. He lifted a willowy, shaking hand towards his brother, grabbing at his sleeve and twisting.
“Sherlock barely takes most cases as it is,” John said, turning the car towards the fast lane. He found himself getting used to the traffic faster than he thought he would. “He only takes them if it can really stimulate his mind. He’s like a little spaniel or something, needing things to do or else he’ll chew up furniture… Anyway, a few disappearances in a resort that’s nestled away in miles of woods doesn’t quite sound like his cuppa tea. It just sounds too easy.”
The sudden proximity of Mycroft's left hand caused him to act on pure impulse, and he bit into the limb, catching his brother completely off guard. For a brief moment he thought he could taste blood and was instantly assaulted by an assorted flash of recent memories, most of which involved the deformed faces of his inhuman captors leering down at him and trying to make him eat.
Sherlock smiled sardonically with his forehead still resting against John's inner thigh. "I can do much better," he said. "And you would know, if your... manhood could reach the back of my throat."
"Don't forget sun block," he said, both as a gesture to prevent a repeat of yesterday and an attempt to distract himself from his daydreams. Sherlock grabbed the nearby tube without hesitation and quickly slathered the lotion on, only to be interrupted by his friend's own hands, smoothing the rather sloppy application.
"Yes, that's what I came to inform you about. Because Mr. Holmes is not conscious, we need your consent to proceed with the following procedure."
Sherlock slid off his doctor partner and flopped onto his back, ignoring the sunburns, and his right hand immediately took up the act of self-pleasure. John wondered if he should help, but Sherlock was so wrapped up in himself that John wondered if the detective was even aware of his presence anymore, his hand moving at near lightning speed.
The ward was quiet, save for the off-beat whoosh of a fan and the hissing and beeping of various machines designed to keep critical and unconscious patients alive. There was no laughter or chatter to be heard, either from the patients or the nursing staff. He might as well have entered a morgue.
Mycroft lingered, scanning the area. He knew hope was a foolish thing to have, but he could not shake the feeling that something was here. Something that somehow even he was missing. If only he could come to his damn senses and get past the exhaustion and bleariness of the liquor and empty stomach. About to turn and join the people urging him to the helicopter, he gave the disturbed soil one final look.
"Stay still," the stranger known as Jed - God, how predictable - advised him. "Don't move now. Ya don't know if ya got broken bones."
Three-finger was still angry when he left the cottage to go scouting, and that anger grew when he was left with time to himself. He wanted to kill something, destroy it, grind it into the ground and tear it apart, limb by limb.
But finding his way inside the palace now was proving difficult. He so wanted to escape inside, to be numb to all around him. At this point, it did not matter where he would go within the palace. He wanted to be in his apartment, watching bloody horrible reality programs, rather than be here in this hellhole.
John realized that the obese, middle-aged receptionist was flirting with Sherlock. Part of it made him want to laugh at the irony of it, but he was relieved not to be on the receiving end of the woman's attentions.
A very obvious path was located by the SWAT team, treaded enough times to be the path towards the clan's home. Even an idiot did not need John's personal account of the place to figure this out. Mycroft took a breath as they continued onward down the path, hating the feeling of uncertainty that gripped him. It made him feel helpless. Either the lunatics were waiting, prepared to defend their land by any means necessary, or they had evacuated and taken Sherlock with them. And in either scenario, Sherlock could already be dead. He loathed the doubt he felt.
A faint noise reached his ears, and John went still as a stone, listening. Either John had been found out, or (and he hoped it was the latter) Sherlock was alive. Leaving the room, he slowly moved towards another door.
The nurses reinserted the IV needle into a different vein a few inches from the previous site and hooked the younger Holmes to another saline bag. The cast on his right arm was found to be cracked but not so damaged as to require removal.
The consulting detective quickly rattled on to describe the outline of said new case, which apparently centered around some unexplained disappearances from a small West Virginian tourist resort. Sherlock did not specify why he claimed to find such an obviously mundane case of missing persons interesting, but John suspected that he had other reasons for taking it.
Three-finger was still laughing at the little creature's torment as he found a thick thread to stitch One-Eye's wounds shut. Leaving his youngest sibling in charge of the Outsider, even for a short while, had been a poor idea. Still, he was happy that One-Eye's injuries had been seen to and that reprisal had been served. He had not trusted having this new plaything in the cabin, but perhaps if punishments continued this way, the clan had nothing in the department of fighting back to worry about.
these are the rules of the hospital. Everyone has to follow them." The hard lines on Missy's face momentarily deepened, and her shoulders bunched up. Clearly she was preparing herself for a confrontation, perhaps even a physical one. Mycroft wasn't all that surprised at the nurse's readiness to handle conflict. This was a rural area and this woman had dealt with her share of difficult patients and family members alike, drunken rednecks demanding privileges they were not entitled to. He could almost sympathize.
"It has to," John said, fighting back the dread of the situation. "All of the things we've done, the times I've hallucinated some hellhound, thought I was about to be blown up... I've never been so afraid... when someone I care about is hurt..."
“I’m going to go look for the car,” he said, his voice low and even. He simply turned around to leave.
Wiping perspiration from his dirtied brow, he sat back on his knees and breathed deeply, taking a look at his advancement thus far.
However, once in his sibling's freckled arms, William gave the clear impression of shivering, a motion which eased off within seconds as he clung like moss to the larger body. Of course, Mycroft realized. Being in only a diaper, the boy was cold. Mycroft silently chastised himself for his biased judgment. Someone of his sense and rationality should not have been so quick to be swayed by his frustrations, even with someone as tiresome as his brother. He would have to watch himself in the future for similar assumptions.
"Should he come back and attempt anything remotely similar..." Mycroft's lips thinned for a second. "Let's say that it doesn't do anyone well to try my patience."
Leave it alone, John, the doctor urged himself. Sherlock's personal things are none of your business. Truth is, you're probably better off not knowing.
A tear escaped the doctor's eye, and he lifted his gaze for just a second, perhaps to make sure his friend was still among the living. Sherlock had given up his struggles and lay more or less limp under his rapist, and his defiant screams had been reduced into a pitiful, constant whimpering.
He had known from the start that John's chances of survival on his own were slim, but not non-existent, and somewhere in his heart, Sherlock had nursed the most treacherous of feelings: hope. He should have foreseen the outcome and accepted it rather than giving in to hope. This pesky human emotion had earned him nothing but heartbreak in the past, and this time was no different.
“I can barely wait to be on the plane,” she replied with a wide grin. “we’ll finally be able to spend an entire week together.”
"Sure, I was going to suggest you wear something appropriate for a stroll through the forest," Sherlock replied. "We are going past the perimeters of the nudist colony. Loafers will not do. You did bring some sturdy hiking boots, right, John?"
Suddenly a wet, slobbering tongue reached out from the idiot's maw to lick the moisture and crusts of dried blood from his left cheek. Sherlock was utterly revolted by the gesture and writhed despite the pain it was bound to cause him. Predictably he cried out, his breath coming out as small, quick puffs.
Taking careful steps and keeping close to the ground, he crossed the space between tree and stump within five paces and closed his hands around the handle. He struggled for a second, feeling his heart rate increase, but finally pried the axe loose. The very moment it was in his possession, he ducked behind the stump itself, and he let loose a breath he had not realized he was holding.
"Will, I need you to understand that we're going to be very still," he said softly, his tone even and clear. "And we're going to be very quiet. And we're going to be very calm."
Mycroft spoke slowly, over-enunciating the syllables for clarity. "Do you know your name? Squeeze once for 'yes', and twice for 'no.'"
"He's been taken to the PACU where he will undergo anesthesia reversal and extubation," Missy explained. The man seemed familiar enough with medical jargon on this level, and she continued relaying the news of his brother's surgery.
"The surgery went well, and your brother is in recovery," she said, fingering the stethoscope around her neck. The British government official exhaled almost inaudibly.
The family could have the distinct intention of poisoning him, but then their little toy would not last as long as they might like. These brutes were primeval, but they knew the basics of keeping someone alive. Pain was an entirely different matter, but if they wanted their victims to stay alive, they would at least try their bloody hardest to meet basic physical needs.
The smallest of the three mountain men gamboled out from behind their prey, his movements much like the middle creature, except sped up to a hyper, erratic pace. It hurried over to the giant, who was fumbling with something metallic, as indicated by the sharp clattering noises made in the process.
"My feet are cold," Mycroft heard next, and he already knew he was going to feel a pair of small, cold feet insinuate themselves between his fleshy calves after he got in under the covers with his brother.
"Indeed. I suppose you'll get in touch if you need any more advice concerning my volatile little brother."
"Of course," the other man replied as he hurried on ahead, not surprisingly having memorized their route from Avalon. "None can resist my charms. Not you, especially."
John suddenly remembered his question to his friend, Mike Stamford, just before he'd first been introduced to Sherlock. Who'd want me for a flatmate? Would anyone want him for a boyfriend, either?
His expression darkened, perhaps reliving a memory. John's squeezing of his hand caused him to look up.
John finally managed a smile. As nervous as he had been last night to be intimate with Mary - and as much as he hated the idea of seeing the demographic of this resort flopping about naked in the water - he liked the sound of that. He would likely enjoy it much more after this morning having to humor Sherlock.
- and silently thanked the fates when the younger man slipped back into oblivion, showing no further signs of recognition or awareness. A fleeting thought also wormed itself into the mind of the government official, banned by his higher brain functions before it could take conscious form: perhaps it would be better if Sherlock died.
The detective stomped off, letting out an occasional curse when something on the ground dug into the soles of his bare feet. John sighed, rubbing at his temples to stop the impending headache from erupting.
"Careful, sir," an officer said, holding out an arm to prevent him from coming any closer. "You don't want to fall in."
At least he had no discernible memories from the last beating which nearly killed him. He hadn't even needed to delete them; they'd gone away on their own.
"Oh, you'll be fine," he said with a casual shake of his head. "What could be better for Mary and yourself, than a small, narrow bed where bodily contact at all times is, should I say, non-optional?"
“No, I’m alright,” he said, his voice quiet and embarrassed. “Umm… which drawer did you put the pajamas?”
Almost immediately after he had ended the game of Wordfeud, his phone beeped, announcing the arrival of a text message. John dutifully checked it, not prepared to dismiss it as unimportant, and what he read almost made him drop his phone out of pure shock.
The scrabbling stopped very suddenly, causing John to hesitate, but only for the briefest moment. He concentrated, trying to ignore the frenzied voice that returned on the other side. A click, and then another, and the knob turned.
The house was dark, silent and still when two shapes, one large and one small, holding hands, emerged in the dimly lit doorway and began to make their way toward the bathroom. William's keen eyes nervously darted around their darkened surroundings, searching for signs of their father's presence.
Three-finger would waste no more time dallying. He grabbed the whore's hair and tried his hardest to keep its head still as he thrust the mouth of the bottle into the mouth of the whore. Then he tilted the bottle.
John glanced at him, then back at their surroundings, but could not find himself in agreement. Even though he had attempted to memorize small details like his friend had, the trees still all looked the same to him.
"The cabin is there," the detective insisted. "Behind that hilltop. I've never been more sure of anything in my life."
John carefully lifted the covers and joined Mary in bed. With equal amounts of relief and disappointment, he found out that she was not naked but wearing a form-fitting tank top and panties.
"Thursday, 4th of July," the civil servant replied. "A festive day for the Yanks, I believe. Not quite the same can be said for us."
"Mycroft," he muttered, pain evident in his voice, though whether the pain was physical or otherwise was not yet known to his elder brother. Though is attempts at speech were greatly hindered by his trauma, his sibling caught enough of the word to decipher it.
But then another sound reached his ears, and he realized it was coming from the bedroom next door. Though muffled by the wall, he could easily determine what it was.
Anthea did not answer. She knew her employer's body language and personality inside and out, and though she had her own opinions about John Watson's validity to Sherlock's recovery, she kept them to herself. If anything, Mycroft likely agreed with her - albeit begrudgingly - that John and Sherlock should reunite. But that was not up for discussion now.
"I let her down too many times before," John said torpidly. "I'm staying. Don't worry, I'll keep a lookout. If anyone gets near her..." His grip on the crowbar tightened for emphasis.
Despite their vigorous and sometimes downright aggressive sexual romps, Sherlock shied away from every attempt by John to initiate emotional intimacy. He rarely touched John out of bed and did not appreciate being spontaneously touched. On the rare occasions that he did allow it, his body was stiff and coiled as tightly as a bedspring. Sherlock also preferred to sleep alone, claiming that he could not relax properly with another body beside him, and thus always withdrew to the sanctuary of his own bedroom after a session between the sheets.
"Now! Get out! Go! GO!" John's lungs burned from the strain of having to raise his voice and he was loath to frighten a woman who was innocent of everything except delivering Mycroft's despicable and dismissive message, but he could not help himself at this moment. He needed to be alone.
"Thanks for the chat," John said, embarrassed that the topic of said "chat" was now known to Sherlock as well.
Sherlock was nearly always like this when he initiated sex, but somehow it still surprised John every time. He wanted to return the tenacity, but he still had to mind his partner’s skin, no matter how eager Sherlock was.
A kid. The speaker was a kid. Good lord. John tried to form words, to express a plea for help, but breathing alone had become so incredibly hard, and all he could manage was an inaudible whisper. Did he have a punctured lung? Two punctured lungs? Was he dying?
Predicting the phone conversation made the reality no less terrifying. Most others who might have seen Mycroft at present would think him the unequivocal picture of apathy, and at almost any other time, the presumption would have likely been true. Were Sherlock present, however, the signs would have been clear as day. Mycroft's stillness was as great as the panic which scrambled through every corner of his brain. He swallowed away the dryness and found himself unable to sufficiently wet his throat.
Oh, that was an instruction John did not require at present. He was prepared to stay put for days on end if it meant being there for Mary's return. However, Sherlock's most recent research had left him with a sinking sense of dread, and in a corner of his heart he had begun to doubt he would ever see Mary again.
“John,” Mary interrupted. “We’d better go.” She pointed at the gate, where the line was beginning to thin. Sighing, John removed his own passport, ticket and boarding pass.
"He was three times my size. There wasn't realistically any way I could hold him off," Sherlock replied, sounding bitter.
Sherlock tried not to struggle, as he knew it would only make his wounds worse and bring the loss of blood to a faster pace, but at the same time he feared the giant might lose his grip or sadistically let go, allowing the jaws to slam shut again.
"He became frustrated," he said, not waiting for any questions, accusatory or otherwise. He expected the usual subsequent questions. The inquiries of just how often Sherlock gets "frustrated", the demand to know what his older brother had done to provoke him. Instead, the women acted upon the matter at hand, recognizing that calming Sherlock was their major priority. Mycroft surmised that perhaps the nurse staff had been made aware of their patient's earlier outburst. Either that, or they were quite used to patient tantrums in this area of the state, likely from use of methamphetamines.
"I'm sorry, sir," Bening interrupted callously. "But you mustn't touch the body. It's evidence now."
It was impossible for John to miss the not-so-subtle stab delivered through her choice of words. Blushing, the doctor averted his eyes, while the detective gave a melodramatic sigh to demonstrate his opinion on the matter.
"Umm..." John said, somewhat desperate to break the silence that at this point was thick in the air like a rainy mist. Sherlock remained silent, not uttering a noise of confirmation, but not responding negatively either, so the older man continued.
One of Mary’s hands caressed the center of John’s chest. He automatically squirmed again, but instead of being offended, his girlfriend smiled, amused with his skittish nature.
Sherlock was silent. His expression was unreadable, and John could not determine if he was taking the words to heart, or simply being his usual childish, stubborn self. He would not look at his assistant, so John knelt in front of him.
Mary felt the first sting of actual fear. How long would it be before she could flag down someone to ask for directions? Would that person even be able to help her? Would they be willing to?
When Sherlock heard no thunderous bang, he thought perhaps he had died instantly, but he quickly caught on to what had happened. A look of confusion, then anger spread over the pointed features of the mountain man's ugly face.
Heart pounding from the apprehension and sudden dash towards the vehicles, John lost sight of Sherlock once they made it to the clearing, which was much larger than had been anticipated. John wandered to the center, estimating around thirty or more cars. Nearly all of them showed the obvious signs of forced entry or a collision of some form, clear indications that those unfortunate victims within were taken from their transports against their will.
Bobbi suddenly looked visibly troubled. "It's really just a bullshit story, Mr. Holmes. An urban legend, a campfire tale, something the kids tell their younger siblings to scare them. I didn't think to mention it, because knew you wanted hard facts, not silly rumours."
When the giant took his first few steps in John's presence, the doctor could tell that Sherlock had been right in most of his assumptions. The mountain man did walk with a distinct limp, and though undoubtedly strong and cleverer than his partner-in-crime, he simply could not be very fast.
Mycroft laughed cruelly - at least that was how it sounded to John's ears - and then said, "Are you suggesting that my brother and yourself were kidnapped and held captive by a group of deformed, inbred, insane locals? Are you raving, my dear doctor? I was informed you have pneumonia. Double-sided, I might add. You could be delirious from the fever and the trauma."
"I knew it!" Ferguson stood up, hands clenched into fists in determination. "We need to call the police about this!"
Panicked, One-Eye leaned over the pretty pale whore that he had thumped on the head. It wasn't moving. Grasping it by the shoulders, he shook the body a little to wake it. No response. Either his toy was in too deep a sleep to react... or he had broken it.
None of which was new or unknown to Mycroft. He had seen the state of Sherlock's abused body with his own two eyes, after all.
The scrabbling was coming from within, joined by the sound of breathing. Whomever was behind that door, their breathing came heavy and erratic, a clear sign that they were frightened. John pressed an ear to the door, worried at the chance of a trap.
A loud voice behind them caused Three-finger to instinctively jolt, pulling away from the whore, who promptly spat out the noxious fluid over the side of the bed, coughing but otherwise unharmed. Bristling, Three-finger calmed at the sight of One-Eye, but only slightly.
Mycroft flung himself at the bed again to restrain his brother once more, but this time he jabbed at the red button to summon the staff, having realized - somewhat regretfully - that he would not be able to manage the situation on his own. On the other hand, Sherlock's tantrum had given him the opportunity to dodge the urgent question concerning John Watson, and for that he was grateful.
The skinny Outsider's posterior was practically the only part of him that carried any substance. Other than that he was rake-thin; all long, sinewy limbs and visible bones beneath pale skin. A few moles and birthmarks marred the otherwise perfect smoothness.
"That's hardly conclusive, Sherlock," the doctor objected. "In fact, it's a ridiculous theory, and unworthy of you. Just because someone appears to be taller than average and has a limp doesn't mean they belong to a family of inbred killer rednecks. Come on, this isn't 'Deliverance'!"
“Sometimes,” he said jokingly. The GPS announced an upcoming exit, and as confirmed by the map, it was the correct one. “Almost there,” he said, changing the subject. “Not far to go once we reach the city.”
The detective and his partner were taken to the far end of the cottage, into an adjacent room which consisted mainly of small storing spaces resembling cattle stalls. It was not a far leap of logic to assume the mountain men had kept previous victims incarcerated here while waiting for the opportune moment to butcher them.
The only sound which entered Mycroft’s consciousness from the outside world was the roar of the helicopter. Eyes shut, he felt the craft ascend in the sky, and taking a deep breath, he opened them once more.
Rustling was heard from the doorway, and the hyper-active, skinny monstrosity predictably skipped in first, soon followed by his two lumbering relatives. Sherlock would have had to twist his head and look over his shoulder in order to see them, but he purposely refrained from doing that so as not to attract attention to himself. As soon as the trio entered, however, he could smell something that was not simply unsavory body odour.
The detective, whose sleeping body was growing increasingly aware of the searing sunburns covering a large portion of his skin, had rolled over to his side to relieve the pressure on his enflamed back.
The very thought of where the meat had come from washed over Sherlock's mind in overwhelming waves until every inch of him felt saturated with the blackest, meanest... evil.
Mycroft's stomach knotted slightly at the thought of the hotel, a Hampton Inn, no doubt poorly managed. Hopefully his stay there would be brief. Also, he had to tell Anthea to look into leasing a car that came with its own chauffeur, as Mycroft did not want to rely on this area's taxi business as his sole mode of transport. Then he had to think about what to do with his upcoming commitments in Whitehall, as it doubtlessly seemed like he would be spending more time in America than he had initially counted on. Less than twelve hours ago, he had been set on bringing back his brother's corpse, if that. Now he suddenly had a whole new set of problems to deal with.
Then a sound reached her ears and she paused. She was trying to decipher the source of the noise, and she looked ready to turn and run. It did not matter. The creaking bow of a third shadow was aimed at her. The arrow would reach its target perfectly.
Why had he chosen to wear the jacket over his T-shirt? It offered a degree of protection against the mosquitoes and gnats which populated the forest air, but it was also making him overheat profusely. And what had become of his supposed partner?!
The deafening memory of the explosions collided with the intense white noise of the current around him, and he was knocked back and forth between past and present as though he were slammed against the rocks of the very river he could not escape.
John tensed at first, in slight disbelief at what his partner was doing, but he quickly calmed at the contact. Despite all which had happened within the past week alone, he appreciated the gesture, especially from someone who was never very keen on showing affection. He felt a squeeze from Sherlock's long fingers and managed to give him a smile.
John has to decide on whether to save his own hide, or to risk everything by going in after Sherlock.
He could not go. Whether the difficulty be from medication withdrawal, the wearing down from torture, or both, he could not hide inside his mind. He felt everything.
"Like I said, it's a bit premature to assume anything untoward has happened to her as of yet. Perhaps she got stuck in a queue?"
Though the lack of movement beneath his eyelids indicated Sherlock did not presently dream, his brother had to wonder what was unfolding in his brain when he did. Was the flurry of images stifled by his sedation, or did they still lurk unnoticed by the outside world? Either way, his little brother had always been a victim of disruptive sleep. If Mycroft were to nod off, he half expected Sherlock to wake him with some problem. It had happened so often when they were young...
Sawtooth did not want to give it up just yet, but apart from being used as emergency provisions during the trip across the mountain, the whore had no use. It was sick. Perhaps even dying. And they still had plenty of meat left over from the blonde female whore which would last them throughout the trip.
Sawtooth's fury was instantly redirected on the Outsider. He grabbed the damnable man by the throat and slammed him down against the mattress, hard. Their captive emitted a choked gurgle, and blood - not all of it his own, Sawtooth suspected - bubbled up from between his lips. The massive alpha gave his eldest son a wordless command with his free hand, and Three-finger was not slow to follow it.
"I'm sorry I couldn't come up with a better solution, but you should leave for a while, Mary. Go to the pub, have a drink. Or the Nudsino. I hear it's a fun experience."
"Okay, the guy might be a perv, emphasis on 'might', since we can't be sure it's even him in that photo, since we could only see a silhouette, but it still proves nothing."
The most direct way involved the younger Holmes' personal website. Others might not think much of a banal post with the occasional typo, but Mycroft easily translated, reassured that a pill had been swallowed. And if Sherlock forgot - or likely was not in the mood to update - John would do so for him on his own blog, at least as far as his flatmate's whereabouts were concerned. After all, the doctor hadn't known about Sherlock's medication until recently.
Ferguson stared at him incredulously. "You can't seriously believe a group of mountain men have taken Sarah, can you? That's just..."
Had John's throat not already felt like sandpaper (with the respirator making it even dryer) it most certainly would have dried at the question posed by Mycroft Holmes. It also frustrated him to no end that he could not - in a quite literal sense - give the other man an answer. The device breathing for him did not allow him to speak. No matter how badly he wanted to yell at Mycroft to take his ever-present goons and do something useful for once, that did not include spying on his younger brother or kidnapping a certain ex-army surgeon for questioning, he could not.
Mycroft felt like asking if doctors at this hospital habitually referred to their unconscious patients as if they were museum artifacts, or if the cavalier way of phrasing the question had to do with English not being Nasim's first language. He bit back the scathing comment and trailed after the surgeon to the post-anesthesia care unit.
Latched to one another, they journeyed the rest of the brief way back to the boy's room, retrieved "Bee" and a new set of pyjamas, and returned to the redheaded young man's bed.
The space where he had been sequestered was sealed shut. He had no air. He clawed at the material, whimpering. Where the hell was he? Who was doing this to him? Seb? His father?
Hurrying back before the younger Holmes got any other ideas, he was about to remove a pen from the inner pocket of his jacket when he saw that he was already too late.
“Pesky doesn’t begin to describe him,” John admitted. “We questioned the client and, uhh…” He lowered his voice on the slight chance that the men in the sauna could hear him, however slight that chance might be. “Investigated her trailer.”
Perhaps Sherlock himself would be added to the food storage one day... but for now, he refused to be involved in their sick game.
John had his army combat training to thank for his above-average reflexes, and those were what saved him from being skewered by the pointed object thrown at him. Just a fraction of a second slower, and he would have lost an ear. A full second, and the creature would be licking grey matter off the blade after pulling it out.
The scrawny whore needed to die. He would sneak in whilst Father and One-Eye were still sleeping and slit the troublesome Outsider's throat. Bleed him out like a pig.
Sherlock's breathing rate had already gone up, and if that was any indication of his level of consciousness, he was due to wake up very soon.
“Oh, ignore those,” Sherlock said with a dismissive wave, lying back along the length of the back seats. “You wouldn’t have a chance of deciphering it anyway. Wake me when we arrive; those flights were exhausting.”
All mine now, he thought, prodding at the bruised lips. The possibilities were endless. He could do whatever he wanted with the little whore... Anything...
Part of him wanted to stuff the pills back into the bottle and replace it without further thought, but the more he thought about it, the less likely, he realized, it seemed that he would simply be able to forget. He trusted Sherlock with his life; could he really do that if he didn't know what his partner was on? Was there even a chance Sherlock had gone back to drugs? Did he keep illegal substances in an Aspirin bottle to avoid detection?
Tonight was an exception, and it only required a quick exchange over the phone with an official at the BWI airport laced with some thinly veiled threats to acquire an immediate landing permit.
"Ah'll be damned…" "Pa" muttered and crouched down next to the prone man covered in mud but otherwise as naked as the day he was born. He stuck out a hand and held it in front of John's face to check if he was breathing, and once he had positive affirmation, he turned back to his son.
The doctor shuddered at the thought of what the punishment for running away might be. If he wasn't killed outright, their captors would probably not hesitate to chop off a limb or even two.
William truly detested wearing the diaper, but he also cherished the times when he was allowed to sleep with his big brother. It had gone from being a frequent occurrence to an increasingly rare one, because their parents - particularly Father - did not agree with it. Father would say allowing such behaviour was infantilizing William and was totally inappropriate for a four-year-old. Mycroft would agree on principle, but he would have liked to point out that Father never had had to deal with the consequences of his decision, as William never went to him for comfort. He never even noticed William except when the boy did something to displease him, and was for all intents and purposes not much of a father at all.
"Then perhaps you can see to that?" Sherlock inquired, raising an eyebrow. "John and I will be busy working on the case. Can you find your way there, or must I draw you a map?"
Of course, Sherlock realized, not with fear, but sad resignation. They had found him to be an ideal source of revolting sexual pleasure, and he would remain this to them until he eventually died.
He'd been placed somewhere dark, with little room to so much as squirm. He was moving, pulled along by whomever had stuffed him into this... thing. Deciphering what was going on and where exactly he was proved difficult. Sherlock's feverish delirium had a chokehold on him now.
"Very good," he finally replied, rising from his seat so that he could be within Sherlock's view for the awakening.
John’s grip tightened momentarily on Sherlock’s hand. As he looked up at Sherlock, he considered the strange nature of his partner’s anxiety. For someone unable to connect to most of humanity, Sherlock was certainly desperate for some sort of genuine relationship between himself and John, as transparent and lacking in true intimacy that it was.
This time Sherlock was silent. He continued kicking, this time with both feet, his expression blank. The kicking was vaguely reminding John of a child having a tantrum, which was not much of a stretch.
"I'm thirty-four," Mary reminded him. "I don't feel like a girl." She left out the mention that twenty years ago, she had envisioned herself married with  children at this age.
The doctor rolled his eyes at the remark. He yawned, and immediately felt the shift on the mattress of Sherlock sitting up and pulling a sheet over their bodies. John was grateful for the cover; now that they were no longer otherwise occupied, his self-consciousness over his body was gradually returning.
Still mostly dressed, he threw his jacket and belt back on and found himself readjusting his tie in the mirror and smoothing down some askew hairs on an arched eyebrow. Avoiding his own gaze in the reflection, he straightened his spine and brusquely walked out of the bathroom as though ready to trot off to work, desperate to ignore the wooziness of the alcohol sloshing in his stomach.
She giggled at his shocked reaction. "Calm down, soldier! It was a joke. But truth to be told..." She carded her hand through his sparse chest hair. "...perhaps I wouldn't mind if you did."
“It’s a good thing we could spot that sign,” Mary remarked as they carefully navigated the twists and turns of the narrow road. “You would think the resort didn’t want anyone finding it.”
"Oh! Yes, of course." The woman stepped aside to let the detective pass, and Sherlock stepped inside the trailer, noting that nothing had really been changed since his first visit the previous day, aside from the pile of dishes in the sink, which had been added to. He also glimpsed two empty wine bottles in Ferguson's trash bin, and wondered if the woman had taken her comfort in drink.
"I'm not crazy, John!" Both Sherlock's voice and face now disclosed his desperation, that he was no longer defensive, but frankly terrified. He grasped the sheet in his lap and held it to his chest hard enough to make his knuckles whiten. Then he began to rock back and forth, unaware of the motion himself. John took the opportunity to sit down next to him.
Why had she agreed to make this stupid trip to the dollar store in the first place? Because Sherlock Holmes was too high and mighty to get his own groceries? And because John Watson - who was supposed to be her
Sherlock stood and followed the path for a few minutes, John trailing behind and photographing the alarming boot print. Another set of prints were nearly mistaken for those of the giant, but were noted by Sherlock to be slightly smaller and of different make, and a third set were the smallest of the group, perhaps around the size of Sherlock's shoes. The doctor photographed all of them, as well as the path entrance which someone (the owners of the tracks?) had tried to hide.
"Alright, easy now," John said, wanting to prevent another fainting incident brought on by Sherlock getting up too quickly. The younger man's breathing and heart rate were both elevated, which, together with the obvious dizziness, were signs of dehydration. Sherlock's only known fluid intake today had been a cup of tea for breakfast, and that was over six hours ago. On top of that, John was unsure of whether or not Sherlock had slept last at all night. He had slept just over five hours, and by the time he got up, Sherlock had clearly been awake for a while, bustling with energy.
Bobbi still lingered outside, perhaps out of guilt over breaking into the trailer, perhaps out of respect for her dead friend. Or, John surmised, she had something to do with Sarah’s disappearance.
"Away from me." Bitterness crept into Sherlock's voice and he averted his eyes, the small muscles around his jaw flexing as he clenched his teeth.
Mycroft turned his head toward the slightly accented voice of the orthopedic surgeon primarily responsible for Sherlock's care. Dr. Nasim wore a white coat on top of his scrubs and his body language suggested he was in a hurry. Most likely he had at least one surgery scheduled for the afternoon, and Mycroft intensely disliked wasting anybody's time, so he went straight to the point, skipping any and all pleasantries.
The civil servant was suddenly overcome with a pang of dizziness and felt momentarily lightheaded. He had not slept for almost forty-eight hours and eaten less than twenty-four hours ago, not counting the energy drinks Anthea kept passing him at regular intervals to keep him alert and functional. The sense of vertigo only lasted for a few seconds and Mycroft was fairly sure he had not outwardly showed anything, apart from perhaps the tiniest flicker of giddiness in his features, unnoticeable except to those that knew him exceedingly well, like his PA, or…
"Oh... okay." Nasim pulled out a chair of his own and sat down, seemingly repeating a well-practiced sentence in his own head before speaking out loud. "The surgery was completed without any undue complications. Your brother is at the PACU, and if things go well, he should come out of the anesthesia and be able to breathe on his own no later than tonight."
The pain of both fractured bone and metal-ravaged flesh had Sherlock feeling the pull of sleep, and though he fought it, he feared he would fall unconscious and not even be aware of the slitting of his throat before he finally died.
Because of the shock, his doctors said. Deleting memories that were potentially harmful and might prevent recovery was a coping mechanism for the human mind. Not that Sherlock had much in common with most of humanity, and yet… Thank God for small favours.
The redhead scowled very slightly, and for someone very attuned to the feelings of others, a momentary slip in his near-unnatural self-control - not more than a slight hitch in the flow of breath - might have been noticeable.
"Save it, John," Sherlock snapped back. "Care alone won't bring Mary back to you. I've been doing some research that will hopefully bring our case forward."
He could hear the rumbling drone of some kind of machine, which immediately suggested the presence of some kind of appliance, likely a freezing unit. Otherwise, he doubted they would be able to hold onto meat as long as they wanted, given the waiting period for taking victims.
The walk to the parking lot was relatively quiet, save for distant bird calls from the trees, as well as a few muttered curses whenever Sherlock stepped on a rock or a branch. Though the resort encouraged nudity, clearly Sherlock had forgotten the necessity of shoes or sandals when wandering outside. Not that John was surprised. The intellect of ten geniuses, and yet all of that collected information often shoved the most obvious details aside.
"There must be another road leading to this place, probably from their 'nest'. They would not want to stash their spoils too far from where they live. Which suggests their home is within a mile of this place, probably less. We can find it, John. It must be accessible by car."
"The marks, John. Observe!" His long-fingered hands grabbed the doctor's head and turned it back toward the door. "The amount of dust present is consistent with the time the trailer has stood empty. Now look down. If anyone had opened this door after Sarah left, there would have been prior marks in the dust, as the door opens inward. Do you see?"
Sherlock counted the seconds between John finally leaving and the first of the deranged inbreeds showing up, and if perception of time was still accurate (he believed so, despite the pain eating away at both his body and mind) his calculations told him John definitely had a chance.
John's hands felt desperately empty. He wished he had not dropped his weapon and hoped he could find something out here in the forest... but why would anyone, even these bastards, leave their weapons out in the woods? One of them was mentally deficient, but they could not all be so. Otherwise, how would they have functioned for this long without being discovered?
He received the answer to his question regarding the whereabouts of Mary's head sooner than he had expected and not in a very pleasant manner. Suddenly a putrid scent signaling the presence of decomposition filled his nostrils, and he felt hair dragging against the exposed parts of his face and neck. Long hair. Amidst the smell of rotting meat and congealed blood, he could, very faintly, make out the brand of shampoo used by Mary.
Mycroft maintained his cool exterior as always. Most might not have noticed any change from his usual facade, but he found his apathetic display much easier to manage now that Sherlock had become more of a patient, as opposed to a potential corpse. It seemed no matter how many times Mycroft expected to hear about his brother being found dead from whatever destructive path he had taken, the news would always hit that part of his brain which still held sentiment. He finally nodded at the doctor's explanations.
No. John angrily resisted. No, he would not play their game. He squeezed his eyes shut, refusing to look. They could force him in this direction all they bloody wanted, but he would not look.
