Steve opens his eyes, tilting his head so the water is running down his back instead of his face. “I’m not okay,” he says. “Today was hard.”
“You’re right,” Tony says. “It’s weird that they think you’re Hydra. Do you think your alternate universe double was Hydra?”
“I can’t have the team on standby,” Steve says. “But if I have the watch, then I have you. Anything that sounds wrong, or—I don’t think I’d be able to give you a signal, but if—”
“More than I’d like to,” Tony says, eyeing the space on the couch before biting the bullet and joining Steve. “Uh, Pepper, she—there were some friends she had and they—” Tony stops talking and takes a sip of the wine. “This is good.”
“Don’t you trust me?” Steve asks as he hands it over.
Steve laughs, taking Tony’s mug from his hands and putting it down. “We’ll see,” he says, leaning in and placing a quick kiss against the corner of Tony’s mouth. “We’ll see.”
“But if you say yes, you don’t know what you’re walking into.”
“You—
“Shut up,” Steve says, his eyes fluttering closed, eyelashes casting a shadow over his cheekbones in the early morning light. “You know it was.”
He’s really far too old to be feeling this awkward.
By the time they’re done in the shower, Steve feels dead on his feet, and it’s all he can do to towel himself off enough so he doesn’t create a damp patch on the mattress. Tony ushers him towards the bed, and when Steve hits the soft sheets, he presses his face against the pillow, breathing in Tony’s scent. “Sorry,” he says, turning his head to the side as Tony slips into bed next to him.
“Good,” Steve says, resting one hand at the base of Tony’s spine, holding him still. “God, Tony, you look so good like this,” he says, running his other hand over Tony’s ass. “Just waiting for me.”
“Maybe you should’ve been more direct,” Tony says as Steve’s hand cups his face, thumb rubbing against the stubborn grease stain on his cheek.
“Dean Martin, huh?”
“It’s a nightlight,” Tony says before scrunching up his face. “Not that you’re five and need one, but—we both travel a lot, and you have nightmares, right? So do I. And there’s times I won’t be there when you have one, so I—”
“You’re—”
“Shit, Steve, don’t, I’m not—”
“Two potentially retired superheroes freaking out because they don’t know what to do next? It’s kind of sad, you gotta admit.”
“Oh,” Steve says, like he’s forgotten the reason he’s there. He looks down at the calendar in his hands and shrugs. “You don’t have to.”
“Yes, Captain?”
“Since he fell from the train,” Pierce says. “On and off, you understand. He’s kept in cryo until we need him. He has a certain skill set that has been very useful over the years. Changed history, one might say.”
“I think maybe you should think about it now,” Tony says, rolling off Steve and sitting up, his back against the headboard. “Natasha knows about the Winter Soldier, she knows you suspected it was Bucky. She, at least, deserves to know that your suspicions were right, especially if you want to help him.”
The quinjet lands on the East Meadow, and Steve hops out, the rest of the team close behind him. SHIELD personnel are already there evacuating civilians, and Steve almost chokes on the smoke from the burning trees.
Natasha raises an eyebrow. “Why do I think I’m not going to like where this is going?”
“SHIELD kept this one pretty under wraps,” Clint says. “Unless there’s a leak, not sure how it happened.”
“That I don’t want to push you,” Steve says, so quietly that Tony can barely hear the words over the waves in the background. “That I don’t want to rush this and have us regret moving too fast. That when I finally get you in a bed I want to take my time.”
“I get it,” Tony says, only just stopping himself from reaching out to try and comfort Steve. “But it wouldn’t have been your fault if that had happened, you know that, right? No one could’ve helped me, not even you. I loved you, but I—fuck, whatever happened would’ve been my fault.”
“Good,” Steve says, a possessive rush flowing through him at the idea. He knows it’s not real, that Tony got fucked years before Steve came along, but—. Fuck, he wishes it had been him who had the pleasure of seeing Tony fall apart on his first cock.
“You drive a hard bargain,” Tony says with a slight smile. “But I can’t argue. How were the kids?”
Steve glances at him, taking in the way he’s fidgeting with his hands, and he nods. “You can get another pan out, or you can wait until I’ve made mine.”
“I don’t exactly have any loyalty to SHIELD,” Bruce says, a small smile crossing his face. “I’m in.”
Being careful not to smudge the lines on his skin, Tony gets on the bench and shifts until he’s on his side with his arm over his head. He feels a cushion being placed at his back and he cranes his neck. “What’s—”
Tony finishes the wine in his glass and pours another, stuck somewhere between wanting the dutch courage to say what he wants to say and not wanting to risk being a mess in front of Steve. “The thing is,” Tony says, once he’s taken another sip of wine. “I don’t know if I can be friends with you.”
“Not cool, Nat, not cool,” Clint says, sticking his tongue out at her. “We’re with you, Cap. Whatever you need.”
“Sure,” Tony says, his fingers playing with the short strands of hair at the back of Steve’s head. “On one condition.”
“I don’t know what you call a real one, but the best Christmas I had as an adult was in France one year with the Commandos,” Steve says, remembering. “We’d hunkered down in a small village, Dum Dum had managed to charm the stockings off some dame, and her family took us in to feed us. They didn’t have much, but they had a farm, and they shared what they could.”
Whatever the time, when Tony walks over to the door and peers out, he doesn’t expect to see Steve standing there with a bottle of wine in his hands and a nervous look on his face.
,” he cries out, the paddle coming down on his ass harder than before, and it’s all Tony can do to stay on his feet.
Steve goes quiet. He hasn’t been to visit her, he wants to, but it’s been hard enough, adjusting to this new world, and the idea of seeing Peggy like that—. “I’m a coward,” he says eventually. “For not going to see her. I’ve known where she is, but—”
“Makes sense,” Tony says. “I don’t have nearly as good of an excuse for why I live in the same building as my work.” He looks around, greedily taking in this glimpse of Steve’s life that he’s being allowed to see. There’s a drafting table in the corner set up with lights, a comfortable looking couch with a separate footrest that Tony assumes Steve uses when he’s having a bad day, and then Tony’s attention is caught by the slightly faded inspirational poster featuring a cat telling him to ‘hang on in there’. “That doesn’t seem like your style,” Tony says, hiking a thumb at the poster as he sits on the couch. “What’s the story?”
“Yeah, right, okay.” Tony pauses for a second before he strips his shirt off and stands there trying to quell his anxiety at the thought of someone seeing the mess of scars around the arc reactor. The arc reactor, he—well, it is what it is, and the only reason he tends to hide it is because he knows there’s too many people who would want to take it. But the scars are different. No one’s seen them, except Obie, and the less Tony thinks about that, the better. Tony knows they’re ugly, there’s no getting away from the gnarled marks curling out from the arc reactor across his chest, and he hates how vulnerable they make him feel.
“People have done stupider things,” Tony says, finally looking up and meeting Steve’s eyes. “It’s been a long time.”
“You,” Steve says. He glances down between them at Tony’s cock where it’s pressing right up against Steve’s abs, pre-come making a mess of Steve’s t-shirt. He adjusts his grip on Tony, pulling him the smallest bit closer, and bites his lip to suppress a smile when he sees the way Tony reacts.
“I have someone,” Tony says between kisses. “She, uh, could make what you said you wanted. In our colours, I mean. Custom.”
His cheeks heating up, Steve swallows and steps into the elevator, carefully still gripping Tony’s thighs. “Tony, I—”
Tony laughs. “Yeah, yeah I do. Did. Don’t know that anyone would want to see my dad bod in stockings and garters today, but back then? I was hot.”
“I can understand that,” Steve says. “I didn’t know you’d be here, if that helps. When I saw you on the balcony I thought—” he pauses and shakes his head. “It’s stupid.”
“But,” Tony continues, eyeing Steve. “You said ‘were’, and I kind of want to know, since you’re here on my doorstep and didn’t run away screaming when you saw me. I just—you were always the person I wanted to reach out to and was too scared to, and somehow we’ve ended up in the same place, and holy fuck stop me talking—”
“Sure,” Natasha says. “You’ll talk to Tony.”
Steve can’t risk Bucky catching the shield and managing to keep it, so he switches to hand to hand instead. Bucky’s goddamn fast, evenly matched with Steve, and if it weren’t for Tony distracting him with blasts, Steve’s not sure he’d be holding his own. He sees Clint out of the corner of his eye aiming for Bucky, and Steve ducks, but so does Bucky and the arrow misses him entirely.
Before last night, the most Tony regretted in relation to Steve was not jumping him the moment it became clear all his faculties were intact and that Tony hadn’t defrosted a brain dead Captain America.
“Pierce wants to meet me.”
“It’s a date,” Steve says before he can overthink it.
Steve pauses, glancing at Tony. “It’s—am I doing more bad than good by wanting to track him down?” Steve asks, almost scared of what the answer will be. “Getting rid of Hydra is important, I know that, but—”
“Yeah.”
“Even if we can, he’s going to have to make peace with what he’s done,” Natasha says. “And that won’t be easy.”
“Natasha tells me it’s addictive,” Tony says as he passes by Steve, heading inside and trying not to notice how good Steve smells. “This could be the start of something.”
All the meeting with Fury reveals is how pissed off he is with the World Security Council, and Steve’s sure he didn’t need a meeting to figure that out. As he’s leaving Fury’s office, he sees Rumlow in conversation with another Strike Team member and he’s thrown when Rumlow nods at him and taps two fingers against his collar in a deliberate move. Steve returns the nod, and after he passes them, he hears Rumlow’s footsteps following him into the empty elevator.
“You didn’t have to—”
“It’s Christmas and I’ve got you in my bed,” Steve says, his fingers rubbing a small circle against Tony’s skin.
“Good,” Tony mumbles against the sheets. His body’s trembling with the effort of being on his knees, and he knows his lower back is going to be screaming at him later, but Tony doesn’t care when every single movement from Steve is getting him closer to orgasm. “Fuck, Steve, I need—”
“You mean you haven’t knocked Nat up?”
“No. Maybe. I don’t know,” Steve sighs. “I don’t know what to do if I’m right and he is the Winter Soldier.”
, come on, not now,” Tony’s voice drags Steve back to action, and Steve throws the shield at Bucky, but Bucky catches it with one hand.
“What?”
“Okay,” Steve says, running a hand through his hair. “I—I should go.”
“Yeah,” Steve says with an amused smile. “That.”
“Really?” Steve asks, his tone flat, and Tony winces.
“And yet few have ever bothered.”
It quickly turns dirty, Steve’s tongue slipping in his mouth, and Tony falls into it. He never thought he’d get this, never thought for one second that Steve would return his feelings, and Tony’s a little scared that when he breaks the kiss, this is going to end. He hates how much he doesn’t want this to end.
“What’s going on?” she asks as she sits on the couch, taking the space Tony vacated. “Come on, we all know there’s something weird going on here.”
“Luca, you’re embarrassing me,” Tony says eventually, fiddling with the silverware. “How about you bring us whatever’s good tonight and go harass some other customers.”
“Why get tattooed now?”
“Why do you think I walk all the way down here?”
“Technology has been updated since you last saw my workshop,” Tony says. “But it’s still home.”
They stare at each other a moment longer before Steve shakes his head and turns, calling goodbye over his shoulder as he walks away. If Tony stands there a little longer than he should watching Steve walk away, then that’s between him and everyone else on the street, apparently, judging by the crowd by the firetruck. Tony notices one of Steve’s buddies say something to him, and Steve looks back at Tony, lifting a hand in a wave that Tony returns awkwardly before he closes the door.
“You would’ve figured it out,” Steve insists. “You would.”
“There’s so many jokes I could make right now, I want you to know that,” Tony says. “I’m holding back.”
“I sent a year doing nothing but therapy and meetings,” Tony says. “There’s a lot I had to work through, and it was better for the company if I didn’t come back right away. But I kept inventing.”
“Or he cares about you,” Steve says. “You’re easy to love.”
“Sure,” Tony says. “My schedule isn’t exactly normal at the best of times.”
“Shh,” Steve says, standing up and running a hand over Tony’s hair. “I love you too,” he says, pressing a kiss against Tony’s hairline. “Sleep, Tony,” he says, settling back in the chair. “I’ll be here.”
A shiver runs down Tony’s spine as he watches Steve retrieve the paddle from the box and he quickly strips down, putting his clothes on a chair. There’s already a pleasant haze coming over his brain as he stands there naked, his cock so hard he can’t resist giving himself a few strokes. “I want—”
“Okay,” Steve says, not looking up, and Tony doesn’t know whether to be grateful for that or not. “The scarring is centred around the arc reactor, so if we’re sticking to your side, it’ll maybe curl a bit onto your chest or back, depending on how big you want to go, but it won’t reach the scarring.”
Steve runs his hands down Tony’s body and pulls him close, enjoying the rush of having all of Tony’s naked skin against him for the first time. Part of him thinks this should be awkward, that maybe there should be some hesitancy, but all Steve can think is that this is right, that being here with Tony like this is exactly where he’s meant to be.
“For you,” Tony says, running a hand through Steve’s hair. “I’ll do it for you.”
“So I’ve heard.”
“What?”
“I thought that was going with SHIELD?”
“I know. You were convulsing so violently, I thought you were going to crack your head open, and—” Steve breaks off, his free hand coming up and touching Tony’s chin gently like he wants to make sure Tony’s actually there and alive. “All I could think was ‘I love him. He’s going to die in front of me, and I love him’.”
“We’re good, Cap,” Tony says. “I could do with more hot chocolate, how about you?”
“Mom set it up,” Tony says with a gentle smile, the smile he always gets when he talks about his mom. “She found it hard, living here without her family, and she wanted to help people. The scholarship funds were a part of it, but she also did outreach with the kids the money went to, tried to find ways for them to fit in.”
“Kinda nice to hear that you wanted me,” Tony says. “Before you told me, anyway.”
“You don’t have plans?” Tony asks, unable to tamp down his curiosity. “No date night?”
“No,” Steve says, dragging his hand over his beard as he looks up. “No, Tony, you didn’t, I just—”
“And at least I know Christmas won’t be spent trying to take down a terrorist this year.”
“I didn’t—you want to retire?”
“A lot of you is incredible,” Steve says softly, his eyes on Tony. “Come here, let me wrap you up.”
“Found me.”
“Yeah,” Steve says, reaching and tugging the goggles out of Tony’s hair, laying them on the counter. “Obvious.”
“Wouldn’t dream of it,” Tony says. “I’ll go easy on you, I promise.”
Tony lands next to him and helps him up. “We’re not going to beat him like this,” he says. “Steve, we gotta—”
“Fuck,” Tony gasps in Steve’s ear. “I’m gonna have to take up yoga if we’re going to be doing that on a regular basis.”
to, because he knows that he wouldn’t be risking their friendship, their team, if he weren’t sure, and Tony is the same way. Steve knows because—because both of them have already sacrificed so much in their personal lives for the good of the world. They have to be sure, Steve thinks as he sips his hot chocolate, Tony leaning against his side. It's too damn dangerous if they’re not.
“Clint got back just after you left to go running,” Bruce says in explanation. “Set off the alarms.”
The frown on Tony’s face doesn’t go away, and it’s making Steve want to reach over and smooth the lines away, to try and find some way of changing Tony’s mood. He’s sadly very aware of how pathetic this makes him.
Tony lets out his own groan when Steve twists his fingers in Tony’s hair and tugs a little, like he’s wondering how much he can get away with. The noise he elicits from Tony must reassure him, because his next grip is firmer, less cautious, and it spurs Tony on to work harder, wanting to know what it’ll feel like to have made Steve come. Looking up at Steve, Tony wonders what he’s thinking as he watches Tony on his knees, mouth stuffed full of cock. Steve’s free hand brushes Tony’s cheekbone gently and it’s such a contrast to the harsh grip on Tony’s hair that all Tony can do is stare at him.
Taking a deep breath, Steve walks over to Tony. “I’m ready.”
“No.”
And Tony—Tony actually believes that.
Steve nods in acknowledgement. “We’ll plan for that,” he says. “As for Bucky, can you call in some more favours? Get your hands on any files on him from anyone you know, the more we know, the more prepared we’ll be for when we get him out.”
“You’re not a good liar.”
“It’s not going to blow up in my face, is it?”
“From being CEO,” Tony clarifies. “Passed that onto Pepper before I went into rehab, should’ve done it sooner than that but, well. You really didn’t see it all in the news?”
Well. Fuck. “That’s—how do you know that?”
“You’re not gonna be able to sit down for days, Tony,” Steve says, his rhythm not even stuttering as he continues fucking him. “You’re going to be feeling me for so long after this.”
Steve sighs, rubbing a hand over his forehead as he gets in the elevator, the relief at finally being home sinking into every facet of his being. “Good evening, Captain Rogers,” JARVIS greets him. “Sir will be glad to see you.”
“Too many memories?”
Easing himself off the bench, Tony stands up, the fresh tattoo pulling at his skin as he walks towards the mirror and looks at himself. He’s amazed by what he sees, he left the choice of colours up to Steve and there’s an explosion of red and yellow on his skin, with green leaves dotted in here and there. As Steve said, the numbers aren’t lost in the colour, instead standing out in the petals, and Tony’s overwhelmed at how beautiful Steve’s made his idea look.
“I get it,” Tony says. “I have a reputation.”
“I do,” Steve says, folding his arms across his chest. “You know how?”
“You’re getting off on this,” Tony says, his hands resting on the waistband of his sweatpants as he stands in front of Steve.
Steve looks at the bags on the breakfast bar, realising where they must’ve come from. “Sounds like your plan worked out,” he says. “They smell good.”
“It’s Christmas.”
“Hey,” says the man behind the counter, pulling Tony’s attention from the art on the walls. “How can we help?”
“Got you in bed,” Steve says sleepily. “Don’t need to run anymore.”
“You think SHIELD have been infiltrated by Hydra? Tony—”
“You don’t have to do that,” Steve says. “Just because we—”
“My dad was an asshole, but he wasn’t Hydra,” Tony says. “And Aunt Peggy would’ve punched anyone with even a hint of Hydra in them.”
Tony catches a glimpse of the smile on Steve’s face before, finally, their mouths meet in a soft kiss. It’s ridiculously innocent, the simple play of Steve’s mouth against his, but it’s got Tony’s head spinning in a way that’s got nothing to do with the fact he got hit last night.
“I don’t want to do any of this,” Tony says, ignoring Steve’s question because he can’t think about talking about his mom to anyone, not today. “I don’t want to put on a suit, I don’t want to talk to reporters, I don’t want to talk about my dad, I don’t—
“Okay,” Tony says, sticking his hands in his pockets and looking at Steve. “It’s a date.”
“Do you still see him?”
Steve goes quiet as he watches Tony thank Luca for the food, the candlelight making Tony’s eyes shine, and he’s suddenly hit with the realisation he could very easily fall in love with Tony.
“What’s a few months after seventy years?”
“You don’t have to get me one,” Tony says, shoulders hunched over a little as they continue walking. “Most people don’t.”
“I’ll take that as a compliment,” Steve says, noticing Luca coming over with the food.
“You got promoted?”
me? But me from another timeline? Does that mean Bucky is alive like he said?”
Steve’s not sure when in the night they migrated together, but waking up with Tony in his arms is something Steve could definitely get used to. Pressing a kiss to Tony’s messy hair, Steve sighs and stares up at the ceiling, his fingers trailing over Tony’s back as he thinks on the events of the day before. He still doesn’t know what the right next step to take is, and the only thing he’s sure of is that the entire situation is going to get worse before it gets better.
They take their mugs into the living room of the compound, along with a plate of cookies, and settle down on the couch, FRIDAY switching the christmas tree lights on. There’s a small stack of gifts under the tree that have appeared over the last few days, including some sent from Natasha that look like they’ve passed through several different countries.
“On it,” Natasha says. “Clint, time to put those new arrows to the test.”
“Like it?” Steve asks from behind him.
Tony laughs as the doors close. “JARVIS, straight to my floor.”
It’s been a long time since Tony’s had anything other than his hand and his imagination to get himself off, and the reality of seeing Steve’s lips wrapped around his cock is just too much for Tony to take.
“I’m tired, Steve,” Tony says quietly. “I’m going to go to bed.”
The man doesn’t say a word, just looks at Tony, and Tony tries not to blink under the scrutiny. There’s a coldness to it, and Tony’s suddenly struck with the realisation that he’s not been kidnapped for any reason other than this man wants to cause pain and Tony was the nearest person available.
“Trust me.”
“And Rhodey?”
“The Winter Soldier,” she says, unconsciously curling into herself a little. “Most people in my line of work don’t believe he exists, but he does. I’ve met him more than once, he’s very real. The last time I saw him, he shot through me to get to his target. If there’s anyone that could be what you’re looking for, then it’s him.”
“Sure,” Tony says, eyeing him curiously. “You’re not wearing a bow under your sweatpants, right?”
,” Tony says, his brow furrowed. “Really?”
“Thank you, JARVIS,” Steve says, a fond smile on his face. “It’s Captain Rogers, now.”
. Then again, if it weren’t for Steve, he might not have known about Obie’s double dealing, and he’d—. Well, Tony knows what he’d be doing instead, and a lot of it revolves around that little collection of pills in his bathroom drawer.
There’s a look on Tony’s face that makes it seem like he doesn’t believe a word Steve is saying, and Steve doesn’t know how to find better words, so instead he does the one thing he knows how to do. He kisses him, holding Tony’s face in place with both hands, and tries to put into the kiss all he can’t say, all the words he could search for an age for and never find.
But he also really needs to pee.
“I mean, I like kids, you knew that before we got involved. Never really had anyone to think about having kids with, but—”
“I can deal with that,” Tony says, his gaze warm as he looks at Steve. “Maybe.”
“Jesus Christ,” Tony mutters under his breath, and Steve’s not sure he was meant to hear that.
“What?”
“Wait,” Steve says, his brain suddenly catching up. “Did you mean it as a date?”
The shower goes some way to clearing Tony’s head, but it doesn’t get rid of the bruises, and after he gets out he stands in front of the mirror looking at himself. There’s dark circles under his eyes along with a cut over his cheekbone and a quickly developing bruise. His lips are cracked, and he looks way too fucking old for the age he is. There’s bruises scattered across his torso, and every time he moves it hurts. He knows he’s got a whole drawer full of pills that would fix that up for him, but he’s trying not to use them and—.
“He was at that,” Peggy says. “But you turned out just fine. Look at you, you even bagged yourself Captain America.”
Tony sighs, his free hand twisting in the beach towel, fingers pressing into the soft sand below them. “For how long?” he asks quietly.
“Good,” Steve says. “You want to watch a movie?”
Bucky.
distracted by photos of hot twink me in lingerie, then we need to reconsider this relationship,” Tony says, smiling at him before looking back at the photos. “God, I was young.”
“Loving exploring Australia with her mom,” Tony says. “So, I guess so. I wanted them out of New York for a while until everything dies down.”
“Actually I’m sure there are several movies about him revealing his secrets,” Steve says, knocking their shoulders together. “This was nice of you, Tony.”
“Here,” he says as he puts the tray down on the coffee table. “It’s not much, but there’s more in the kitchen if you get hungry.”
“And here I thought the tattoos covered up my tells,” Steve says, face lifting in amusement.
Pierce hums, not taking his eyes off Steve, and Steve resists shifting underneath the gaze. “Follow me,” Pierce says after a moment. “You’ll have to go through security protocols again,” he continues as they head towards a service elevator. “High level assets are down here, you understand.”
“No,” Steve interrupts. “Not until I get more information.”
“It was simple,” Tony says. “I woke up one day and I hated myself. Realised that I had no one I could call who would just be there for me.” He pauses, not entirely sure how to say what he wants to say. “My last weekend high was really bad. I still don’t know what happened, or what I did. It’s—there’s hazy flashes but—. Honestly, half of me expects to get hit with an arrest warrant still because I just don’t remember anything.”
Natasha purses her lips in annoyance but nods, reaching out and wrapping her arm around Steve’s waist. “Let's get you home.”
“Do you want to watch a movie?”
“Why would you think that I’m not interested?”
Looking over, Tony sees him leaning against the doorway. “Oh,” Tony says, looking back at the painting. “Really?”
“Just that I’d finished signing the contracts.”
“I’ll even let you pick the place.”
“Hey,” Steve says with an easy smile when Tony approaches. “You ready?”
Steve shifts awkwardly, feeling his cock twitch at the thought of holding Tony’s slim hips tightly as Tony bounces on his cock. He can picture it in his mind, how gorgeous Tony would look above him, how Steve could leave bruises on his skin from holding him firm, and—. “Jesus, Tony,” Steve says, dragging him into a kiss as he slides a hand down to Tony’s ass and squeezes.
“You guess? Sweetheart, if you’re
Breaking the kiss, Steve smiles when Tony pouts and doesn’t move away, his hands roaming underneath Steve’s t-shirt and stroking the skin he finds there. Steve presses his thumb against Tony’s swollen lips, feeling a tug low in his gut when Tony’s tongue darts out to lick it.
“Jesus, Tony,” Steve says, shifting onto his side, his hand coming to cup the back of Tony’s head. “Come here.”
“I don’t think I’ve ever used the word ‘prowess’,” Steve says, raising an eyebrow. “But sure.”
“You wouldn’t be the person I fell in love with,” Steve says. “The man I’ve built a life with. Is having you like this fun? Sure. And if it were permanent, I’d be okay with it because you’re still you where it counts. But I’d miss those scars, I’d miss seeing the evidence of how hard you’ve battled to become the man you are. I’d miss the earned strength of your body. I’d miss seeing the laugh lines on your face, knowing I’ve helped put them there. I’d even miss the goatee.”
“It was too easy,” Tony says, smiling at Steve. “Sorry.”
“When are you meeting him?”
“Hey,” Tony says. “Where are you?”
Tony’s got the smallest baby Steve has ever seen cradled in his arms as he sits on a rocking chair, his head ducked as he smiles down at the kid, running one finger along the baby’s cheek. All Steve can do is stare through the glass, suddenly feeling like even one wrong move out here will cause irreparable damage to someone. He watches as Tony rocks the baby, trying not to listen to the murmured words Tony’s saying to it—him, if the blue knitted cap is an indicator, though Steve is well aware it might not be—and it’s just overwhelming.
“Step through here,” Pierce says when the doors open. “Just a quick scan.”
“It has,” Steve agreed. “But we made it through. That’s something.”
“Do you still want me to leave?” Steve asks as he looks at Tony, his smile turning almost smug.
Wanting to stay as undercover as possible, Steve passes on taking a car and instead hops on the subway and weaves his way to the Bronx, following the instructions sent to his phone. It’s a nondescript building, and he there’s no outward signs of anything suspicious happening, but then he wasn’t really expecting there to be. Steve looks around a little before walking towards the entrance, and when he pushes at the door he’s surprised that it opens without a fuss.
“Not dead,” Tony says. “Not for lack of trying, but not dead.”
“Forgive me if I don’t see you all the way out, Captain,” Piece says. “You’re not the only busy man in the world.”
Steve tells him about a cover up he’s doing on a client who got his kid’s birthdate wrong, and Tony erupts into laughter during a meeting with Pepper. One evening he sends Steve a photo of the sunset from the top of Stark Tower and four days later his phone pings with a photo of a painting of that same sunset.
“Steve!” Tony cries out, smacking Steve on the shoulder. “That was custom, and I—wait, what are you—”
“If I don’t, I know who to blame.”
“Seven works. I’ll make dinner.”
When the doors open again, Steve sees Tony laid out on the bar with his vitals being taken by a machine, and before Steve really knows what he’s doing he’s right by Tony’s side, dropping the case and his cowl on the floor. “What happened?” he asks, hand hovering over Tony’s chest.
Steve laughs before he pours himself some coffee into a mug and sips it, enjoying the warmth of the liquid and the comfortable quiet lingering between him and Tony. Finishing it, he drops the mug in the sink before he checks his phone. “Gotta go,” Steve says. “I’ll let you know if there’s anything weird.” He hesitates as he passes Tony by, barely resisting running his hands over Tony’s rumpled hair before heading out of the kitchen.
“I don’t snore,” Tony says. “That’s a lie.”
“And you took his word for it?”
“I—fuck, Steve, you need to be inside me,” Tony says, his hands running up Steve’s arms like he’s trying to memorise every inch of Steve’s skin with his fingertips.
“You’re not taking me somewhere fancy, are you?” Steve asks as they fall into step walking to the car Tony has idling near the square.
“Get Natasha down here, if she’s not too busy sapping men of their will to live.” Tony hops back on his stool and leans forward, elbows resting on his thighs as he looks at Steve. “We do this, you might not like what we find.”
“Hey,” Steve says, pressing a firm kiss against Tony’s forehead. “I’m still here. You can look.”
It should be embarrassing, Tony thinks, the way his stomach feels like the cliche of butterflies when Steve turns up at his door after his run, but when Steve takes his hand as they walk down to the beach, Tony can’t bring himself to care. He thinks maybe he’s earnt a little goofiness.
“Dramatic,” Peggy reiterates. “So, Anthony, your fifth birthday, shall we start there?”
Natasha looks between them, her eyes narrowing. “Where are you going?”
Steve waits until Natasha’s eaten half of her gyro before he starts in again. “What were you going to say, before? About the Winter Soldier.”
,” he cries out at the first hit with the paddle, his knees buckling beneath him, and it’s only Steve’s firm hand on his lower back keeping him in place. “Fuck, I—” Tony sucks in a breath and waits for the next strike, his legs shaking as he feels Steve trailing the edge of the paddle over his ass. It’s perfect torture, knowing that he’s completely at Steve’s mercy right now, that he’ll be waiting as long as Steve wants him to wait.
“Okay, no,” Tony says, pushing himself up and looking up at Steve. “But your heart rate picked up, and not in a fun way.”
When Steve opens the drawer there’s several sets of clothes in there, along with the cashmere socks Steve’s taken to wearing around the tower because they’re so soft, and Steve reaches out to touch them. Swallowing around the lump in his throat, Steve quickly gets dressed and pauses to look at Tony. He’s still in bed, but he’s grabbed a tablet and is muttering under his breath about bulletproof fibres, and even with all that’s going on in his life, Steve doesn’t think he could be happier with his life.
Well. He doesn’t want to think what it implies.
“That.”
“Okay,” Steve says. “Okay, that’s good.”
,” Tony groans, his body squirming on the sheets as Steve keeps fucking him with his fingers. “Steve, I—it’s always been you,” he says with a low laugh. “Who do you think made me realise I liked men? That when I wanted to get fucked it was always by someone blonde and buff? I didn’t even know you were alive, but—it’s you, Steve. It’s always been you.”
Tony groans at the feel of Steve’s hand on his cock, and he’s about to say something when Steve’s mouth is suddenly on him, pressing an open mouthed kiss against the base of his cock. His hand tightens in Steve’s hair involuntarily, and when Steve looks up at him, he nods. “Please,” he says in a hoarse voice, and the sweet smile that Steve offers him goes straight to his heart.
Dinner is at a small, family run Italian place where the owner greets Tony by name. Once they’re seated, Steve listens with interest as Luca tells Steve the story of how Tony met his father at a conference and sponsored his visa, how he made sure the rest of the family were able to join him, and how that led to Luca opening the restaurant. There’s a flush creeping up Tony’s neck as Luca speaks, and Steve nudges him with his foot, shooting him a smile.
“No,” Steve says, pressing a finger against Tony’s mouth softly before taking it away once Tony quiets. Inching closer on the bed, Steve leans in, resting a hand on Tony’s leg. “I don’t want to forget any of what you said.”
“I—yes?” Steve responds, an uncertain note in his voice.
“Guess we’re a perfect match,” Tony says. “Oh, hey, our drinks are ready.”
“Sounds like you don’t need me for much,” Steve says, even as his stomach churns. “Since you have one very compliant soldier.”
“Tony—”
The appointment with Steve creeps up on Tony quicker than he anticipated, and it feels like all too soon that Tony’s standing across the street from the tattoo parlour again. Steve’s already waiting, and Tony hurries over.
“I—it’s nothing,” Steve says. He shakes his head and looks down at his plate. “This looks amazing.”
“What?” Tony asks, looking up at him from his position on the floor. “Steve?”
“It’s not.”
“You mean you don’t want that?”
“And what’s the one thing we know Hydra were obsessed with?”
The water’s cool against his legs as they walk in, and Tony knows he’s clinging to Steve’s hand, but Steve seems okay with it, so he’s not going to let go. It’s calm, like Steve promised, and Tony’s worries slowly dissipate with every step they take. Eventually they’ve walked so far in that the water’s up to Tony’s clavicle, and he tugs on Steve’s hand, getting him to stop.
Tony steadies himself on his feet, cock pressed up against the mattress as he grabs onto the sheets. He’s still not ready for the first blow on his abused skin, and Tony lets out a broken sob at the feel of it. It hurts so fucking good, and by the time Steve hits him again, Tony’s cock is leaking pre-come and he’s not even aware of the words coming out of his mouth.
Tony watches as Sam grabs the scrap of paper and walks away towards a back room. Hoping he’s not recognised, Tony hunches his shoulders and takes a seat by the wall. The art all over the walls gives the shop a cosy feeling, despite the sterile smell, and Tony’s also comforted by the fact Sam took the time to reassure him. He’s staring at an animal flash sheet when Sam comes back, accompanied by a tall blonde man Tony assumes must be Steve.
“I—” Steve swallows, taking in the sight of Tony, blood instantly going to his cock as he looks him up and down. “You look—wow.”
Tony rolls his eyes and picks up his wine glass. “Stay. Asshole,” he says as he slumps back against the couch, his knee knocking against Steve’s thigh. “We can watch a movie.”
“You cooked?”
“If I hadn’t, someone else would’ve,” Tony says. “All I did was offer a good salary and the opportunity to make a difference.”
“Holy shit,” he breathes out after a moment as he pushes himself up enough to pull out of Tony before he reaches between them. Grasping Tony’s cock firmly, he strokes him, enjoying the familiar weight of Tony’s cock against his palm. “Come on, sweetheart,” he says, watching the way Tony’s tongue swipes over his bottom lip. “You’re always so good for me, you did this so well, and I—”
Every intake of breath feels like ice in his throat, and his legs are trembling under the blankets. He’s dimly aware of his stuttering voice asking FRIDAY to turn up the heat, but it’s not enough, never enough and—.
“Just wanted you to know that me not wanting to push you to get this finished in one session isn’t to do with you,” Steve says, peeling back the stencil. “It’s personal.”
“You’re an asshole,” Tony says. “But yeah, it’s good.”
“Natasha.”
“I did.”
Tony’s out of the car before Steve can say anything else, the bag with his market purchases left in the footwell. Steve picks it up, along with his cookies, and gets out of the car, trusting FRIDAY to secure the garage, but by the time he makes it into the compound, Tony’s vanished.
“Okay,” Steve says as he opens his eyes, meeting Tony’s gaze.
Steve can’t be here, because if Steve’s here then he’s going to get hurt, and—.
“How I feel about you.”
“You know,” Tony says, as the door to his bedroom opens. “One day I’m going to make you use this commanding attitude on me with much more exciting results.”
“And you don’t think he would lie to you?”
“What can I do?” Steve asks, his hand tentatively brushing over Tony’s shoulder. “Tony—”
“Babies cry, Steve,” Tony says, looking at him, his face way too close for Steve to be comfortable. “That’s what they do. And anyway, I’ve seen the photo ops, babies like you.”
Tony’s staring up at him, his face flushed as he comes, spilling all over his stomach, and Steve feels him tighten around his cock. Swearing as Tony pulls him down into a desperate kiss, Steve’s hips jerk as he pushes into Tony again and again, chasing his own orgasm, a slow steady build that has his vision whiting out as it hits.
“Was I not meant to be acting cool about Tony Stark walking into our shop?”
“You can stand up, take a look in the mirror,” Steve says. “Go on. Let me know what you think.”
“Then why did you come?”
“That does not give me faith in your grilling skills,” Tony says. “I don’t know why I’m letting you cook.”
Steve ushers him out of the bathroom and nods towards the bed. Tony doesn’t immediately obey, though, instead stopping and dropping the towel on the floor before tugging a pair of cosy sweatpants on. When he turns around, Steve’s neck is flushed red, and Tony feels a weird flutter in his chest as he looks at him.
“Killing time,” Steve says, taking the muffins from the stallholder and mouthing his thanks. “Why?”
“If you want,” Tony says, his chin resting on Steve’s shoulder. “Only if you want.”
Steve takes in the hunch of Tony’s shoulders, the exhaustion etched in his muscles, and he makes up his mind. “You’re really going to make me do this?”
“Peg,” Tony admonishes lightly.
The bed is the right height for Tony to bend over it, but his legs are already aching from the gym this morning and he wonders how long he can stay like this. His cock rubs against the sheets and he bites his lip at the feel, trying to resist pushing against the friction.
“Still,” Steve says, pausing in his works and gently moving Tony for an easier reach. “I shouldn’t assume. I guess we both have our issues.”
The thing Steve has always appreciated about New York is how easy it is to get lost in the crowd. There’s a few people who look at him curiously, a couple nods of recognition, but for the most part people leave him alone now. Even the paparazzi got bored once they realised Steve really didn’t do anything worth reporting on, he can’t imagine that photos of him walking the streets with Starbucks in his hand are worth much money after the first thirty.
“Tony.”
Steve looks at him, meeting Tony’s gaze, and Steve would swear the atmosphere around them thickens. Turning his hand over, Steve links their fingers together, the warmth of Tony’s rough palm against his making him feel things he didn’t know he was allowed to feel. “You’ve been right before,” he says quietly, not sure if he can get the words out. “About me. About what I want, who I am.”
Natasha stops to look at him when they turn a corner. “Are you okay?”
Tony puts his mug down on the counter before he takes a few steps towards Steve and gently lifts the mug out of Steve’s hand. “Obvious, huh?”
Steve’s not stalling. He’s not.
“What?”
“Because I don’t get anything out of it, obviously,” Steve says, kissing Tony’s neck before shifting enough to pull out. “Such a pain.”
“And how did you know Sitwell was involved? I never gave the order for him to tell you.”
Steve leans against the wall of the elevator and closes his eyes. “Thank you,” he says, feeling Tony squeeze his hand. “I don’t—”
“Of course,” Steve says. The doors close, and Steve doesn’t move from his spot in the elevator until it reaches the floor he came in on. Stepping out, he collects his things from security and isn’t surprised when he has an escort following him to the boundary of the property. They see him off with a salute, and Steve sticks his hands in his coat pockets before heading towards the nearest subway station.
“We shared some orgams?”
“Okay?”
“We don’t have to drag this out,” Tony says, waving a hand in the air. “Yes, my fifty four year old ass still has a crush,” he says with a self deprecating laugh. “It’s pathetic.”
Steve smiles and uses his other hand to pull him close, firmly resting on Tony’s waist. “Hi,” he says when they’re face to face. “Not as bad as you thought?”
Tilting his head back, Tony looks at Steve, a smirk crossing his face. “Dirty play,” he says. “You want to do it? Want to bend me over your knee and spank me?”
“Almost,” Tony says before he gulps down a mouthful of his coffee. “Hey, presents.”
“You’re a firefighter,” Tony says dumbly. “That’s—”
“Well, good,” Steve says, finishing his coffee and standing up collecting the dishes and loading them in the dishwasher, feeling Tony’s eyes on him as he does. “That’s my pick, then.”
“What?”
Tony swallows, looking up at Steve. “You’re something else, you know that?”
“You don’t have to do this,” Tony says as he climbs back on the bed. Steve’s stripped it while he’s been in the shower, the clean sheets smell like the fabric softener Steve uses on his clothes, and Tony wonders if they’re sheets from Steve’s room. The idea of Steve getting the clean bedding from his own room so that Tony wouldn’t have to face his own mess makes Tony’s chest ache. There’s a mug of coffee on the nightstand and Tony picks it up, savouring the warmth against his palms. “If you’re uncomfortable, then—”
“Wasn’t really sleeping,” Steve says with a shrug.
“You’re coming like this,” Steve says, and Tony can hear the slight strain in his voice that says he’s close to coming as well. “No touching, just my cock in your ass.”
It’s not a rough day, not any more than usual, but Tony—his head won’t stop spinning, it won’t shut up, and usually, okay, he can deal with it. He can. But he knows he needs something extra today, something that’ll make his brain quiet down. It’s been buzzing all the way through the meeting, Steve talking about training drills and about upgrades to the flyers programming that Tony had implemented. Tony tries to contribute to the discussion, he does, it’s just that his goddamn brain won’t shut up.
“I can, if that would make you more comfortable,” Steve says as he puts the paper down after drawing an arrow at the top of the sheet. “I’ve done it before for high profile clients. How soon do you want to get started?”
“I don’t need to go to France,” Steve says. “It’s—I haven’t had a Christmas since I woke up. Not really. The first year—” he breaks off and shakes his head. “The first year I didn’t want to think about Christmas, it was too raw, I couldn’t—”
“I know,” Tony says. “But, I mean, we find you, make you fight again, and you discover that the whole self sacrifice thing was kind of pointless since Hydra are still alive and well.”
“Yeah,” Steve says quietly. “Do you like it?”
“No, nothing like that,” Pierce says with a small chuckle. “I think even our security would baulk at doing a cavity search on you.”
“Not today. You don’t have to do it today. Not if you don’t want to.”
“That so?”
“Don’t,” Steve says. “God, Tony, you don’t have to apologise, when I realised you were gone I didn’t—” he breaks off and shakes his head. “I had no idea what to do.”
“Only just figuring that out?” Steve asks, looking over at him. “Thought you were a genius.”
“You’ll get it back afterwards.”
“We can have coffee if you get up,” Steve says, looking up at the ceiling and waiting.
“In a bad way?” Steve asks, taking his hand out of Tony’s pants and wrinkling his nose at the come on his fingers.
“So you—” Tony pauses. “Not that you have to be to support, and you don’t have to tell me, but—”
Not wanting to let go of Steve’s cock, Tony tilts his head up just enough for Steve to catch his mouth in a soft kiss. Working Steve’s cock slowly, Tony tries to take his time, wanting to be able to explore every inch of Steve, wanting to learn all the ways to get Steve off.
“Is everyone—” Steve cuts himself off and backs away enough to meet Tony’s eyes, his hands resting on Tony’s hips. “I can’t see them like this.”
“Tony—”
Once he’s naked, Steve gets back on the bed, Tony underneath him as Steve traces the contours of Tony’s body, kissing him deeply and reacquainting himself with the feel of Tony up against him like this. It’s been too long since they’ve had the time to really be together, both of their lives being far too busy lately, and Steve’s missed it more than he can say.
That bullet hit him.
“Are you shirtless in it?”
Tony huffs and rubs a hand over his hair. “Yeah, you’re probably right,” he says. “But, hey, dinner? Tomorrow evening?”
It feels an awful lot like flirting, but it’s been a long time since Tony’s done that sober, and he has no idea if Steve’s on the same page.
Tony’s taken back to the first time Steve had said that to him, and he knows by the look on Steve’s face that the phrasing was intentional, which sparks something in him that’s been dead for a long time. “Yeah,” he says. “I’d like that.”
“There was a blip, apparently,” Tony says. “In simple terms, he thinks we had a visitor from another universe. Not space universe, more like... an alternate timeline? Which is apparently a thing that we have, and lord help us if Reed ever wants to explore that properly because I don’t think even Sue could stop him and she’s the only one who can talk sense into him, so—”
“That’s what she said,” Tony says, almost absently as he gets up from the couch. “But yeah, no, you—JARVIS?”
“You said you retired,” Steve says, a confused look on his face.
A small smile crosses Steve’s face before he laughs. “Take your top off, Tony.”
“Thanks,” Tony says, tucking his phone away before he sticks his hand in the bag and takes one, breaking off a bit and stuffing it in his mouth. “Oh these are good,” he says around his mouthful.
“I don’t know,” Tony says as he looks up at the ceiling before turning his head to meet Steve’s eyes. “Been a hell of a year.”
It doesn’t take much to distract the robot long enough for Tony to get a good hit in, and it falls to the ground, taking another several trees with it that has Tony muttering under his breath about the cost of horticulture. Steve can’t help but laugh, and he’s about to call for them all to wrap it up when he suddenly hears Natasha yell out in pain over the comms.
“Tony—”
“Yeah,” Tony says in a hoarse voice, detangling himself from Steve. “I can do that.”
Steve laughs before he kisses the top of Tony’s head. “I’m going to shower. Get JARVIS to tell me when we have to leave.”
A strangled groan slips from Steve’s mouth as he comes, his mouth meeting Tony’s in an open mouthed kiss. Gently working Steve through the last of his orgasm, Tony rubs their noses together before letting go of Steve’s cock. “Do I need to ask if it was good?” Tony asks as Steve tangles their legs together, his hand sliding onto Tony’s hip and tugging him closer.
“If you really think you need it,” Steve says. “I mean, if you’re not sure about how I feel, then—”
“Not gonna happen,” Tony says, smiling at Steve before he nudges him with his knee. “Now tattoo me, Mr Rogers.”
“Bite me.”
“JARVIS?”
“Speaking of, this is from him,” Steve says, peering at a gift tag before handing it to Tony.
Steve’s so overwhelmed by the offer he doesn’t know what to say, and the only thing he can think to do is lean in and cut off Tony’s apologetic rambles with a kiss. Their
“You think I don’t know how to sneak around my own tower?” Tony raises his eyebrows. “Give me a little credit.”
Steve’s lips are firm against his, and it's over before Tony can fully comprehend that Steve is kissing him. When he opens his eyes, Steve is staring at him with flushed cheeks, his eyes wide like he’s not entirely sure what he just did was the right choice, and Tony—.
“It’s fine,” he says with a sigh. “I can wait until we get home, we don’t have to—”
Steve rests their foreheads together and closes his eyes for a moment, drawing as much strength as he can from Tony being there with him. “Okay,” he says, opening his eyes and stepping back. “Okay.” He falls into step beside Tony as they walk to the doors, and when Tony’s fingers brush against his, Steve grabs on, holding on as tight as he dares.
“From... life?”
“But you won’t be,” Tony says, pushing up on his tip toes and kissing Steve, brushing his fingers against Steve’s cheek. “I know you, Steve, and you’d sooner hurt yourself than hurt anyone else.”
“Exactly.”
“I don’t know what that reason could be,” Steve says, his mind turning over the information that they do have. “I—we made deals, didn’t we? America, I mean, after the war?”
“Oh,” Tony says. “Okay, great. Hey, you want to get lunch?”
There’s a heavy sigh from Steve, and he kisses Tony behind the ear. “One more,” he says. “Then I’m fucking you.”
“You should.”
“Am I not meant to?” Steve asks, and Tony smiles, big and unselfconscious, and Steve can’t help but return it. “I want you.”
“Him,” Tony says, walking over to Steve, still cradling the baby in his arms. “Adam. Look, Steve, look how tiny his hands are.”
Everything hurts, and Tony doesn’t know what day it is, he doesn’t know how long it’s been since he was taken, and he doesn’t know—.
“There’s nothing wrong with wanting a battle plan before telling them,” Tony says. “Only—”
Peggy looks between them and raises her eyebrows. “So you’re done flirting in front of me?”
“Blackout drunk,” Tony says. He rubs a hand over his face and lets out a hiss at the sudden pain. “That thudding in my brain isn’t just a hangover, is it?”
“I don’t mind,” Steve says, smiling at Dum-E before throwing the ball again. He feels Tony’s eyes on him and he shrugs. “Gives me something to do.”
“What?”
“If you want, I thought dinner tomorrow could—” Steve breaks off and shakes his head. “I have no idea what I’m doing here,” Steve says, squeezing Tony’s hand lightly. “I hope you know that.”
Steve’s mouth goes dry and he licks his lips. “So I’d—I mean—”
“As soon as possible,” Tony says. “If that’s okay?”
these?”
“You think they’ve got him brainwashed.”
Everyone expects Captain America to be good with kids. And he is, kind of. Give him a kid who can speak in full sentences, who wants to run their fingers along the shield, or be given high fives, and Steve can cope. He can. At least, he knows that kids that age aren’t completely breakable, that he’s not going to accidentally hold them too tight and break their bones.
“Almost a week,” Steve says before he reaches up with a sponge and dabs it at Tony’s face. “You—there’s burns, Helen’s coming in with the portable cradle, but we had to treat the infection first. No broken bones, but some of the wounds were deep, and your mouth—the gag cut into your skin, that’s why we couldn’t take it out at the warehouse, but you’re going to be fine. You hear me? Tony? You’re going to be fine.”
“You’ve been busy,” Steve says, raising his eyebrows as he takes a sip of coffee.
Tony lets out a choked sob as Steve pushes into him again and again, one hand gripping his hip so hard it’ll bruise. He’s so tempted to try and get a hand on himself, but just as he’s thinking of it, the pressure on his neck from Steve’s hand gets harder and Tony’s coming so hard his mind goes blissfully blank.
Turns out, Steve can grill fish successfully, and Tony takes back his judgement by eating as much of it as he can. When they’re done, Steve insists on cleaning up and Tony lets him, settling into his chair on the beach and listening to the waves crash down on the shore while he does a little work on his tablet. He looks up when Steve drapes a blanket over his shoulders.
“I do,” Steve says, his eyes prickling with unshed tears. “I really do. Shit, Tony, I—” Steve breaks off and laughs wetly. “Sorry, I don’t—”
“You’ll get no argument from me,” Tony says, flicking at a screen before turning around on his stool. “Hey, so, I did some thinking about your whole double situation, consulted an old college rival.”
“What?” Steve asks.
They reach a heavy door with no handles or windows, and Steve sets his jaw as the door opens for them. It’s dark in the room, with a two way mirror between them and another room, and the feeling of dread Steve had coming into this increases. Pierce walks straight to the two way window and presses the intercom to the side of the glass.
“Hi,” Steve says after Sam introduces them. “Sam said you wanted some work done?”
“Go away.”
“Guess so,” Tony says, walking around the bed and kissing Steve. “Go get ready, I’ll meet you there.”
“Your leg, right?”
“Steve,” Tony yells, a blast hitting Bucky’s metal arm. “Don’t you goddamn dare.” A second blast hits the arm at the joint, and Bucky stumbles, turning his gaze on Tony, and Steve’s blood runs cold.
“What every boy wants to hear.”
“It’s not really an arc reactor,” Tony says. “I mean it is, it’s the last design that I had in my chest, but I made it specifically to be a nightlight. There’s a button on it, or you can ask FRIDAY and she’ll light it for you if you can’t—”
“It’s still morning.”
The quiet strains of Dean Martin’s voice starts playing, and Steve sips his coffee, perfectly content with his Christmas morning.
“What?”
“Know a lot about book clubs, do you?”
“Steve, I’m gonna—” Tony feels the familiar coiling in his gut as he tugs at Steve’s hair as a warning. Steve pulls off, but his hand keeps moving, and it’s like Tony’s orgasm is being dragged out of him by Steve’s clever fucking hand. When he finally comes, it’s like a punch to the gut as he spills all over Steve’s hand, his body shaking from the unexpected intensity of it.
“If you think I’m any better, you’re going to be disappointed,” Tony says. “There’s a laundry list of reasons laying out why you shouldn’t even be friends with me, let alone—”
“Not too easy, I hope,” Steve says, smiling to himself as he slides into the car.
“I—another me, from a different timeline, he told me Bucky was still alive. I had reason to believe he was telling the truth. Natasha knows some of this.” Steve pauses and reaches for Tony’s hand, tangling their fingers together, pulling strength from his touch. “What she doesn’t know, and what I didn’t know, is that Hydra have infiltrated SHIELD. To the highest level.”
It’s a reassuring weight, and Tony looks down to see Steve looking up at him with a content smile before Morgan grabs his attention. “What was that, little miss?” he asks, nodding as she tells him about the animals she’s met in Australia so far. He honestly just hopes she’s not going to come back wanting a venomous spider for a pet.
“So,” Tony says, pressing a kiss against Steve’s neck. “I’m not gonna ask if you’re okay because I don’t know how you can be, but can I—let me take care of you?”
Steve wolfs down the rest of the roll and washes the stickiness off his hands before he starts helping Tony put the rest of the groceries away. It doesn’t take long, and soon they’re sitting at the table eating the rest of the bakery goodies Tony picked up.
“If we’re both here, and I’m assuming you don’t have other plans, then do you want to do this whole Christmas thing together?”
“Tony? Come on, tell me.”
Steve realises he can’t put into words how much he likes it. He kicks the door closed behind him, drops his shield on the couch, and takes Tony into his arms, kissing him firmly like he’s wanted to all day. Running his hands down Tony’s body, he grabs Tony’s ass through the fabric, letting out a groan against Tony’s mouth when he realises Tony’s wearing nothing underneath the skirt.
“I am sorry,” Tony says, turning the jug around on the table until he’s satisfied. “For what I missed. For what I did. I thought a lot, after getting out, about finding you, but—”
Tony frowns. “We are?”
“That day we dealt with Loki,” he begins. “Something strange happened.”
“Oh.”
“You’re not,” Tony says. “As much as I would love to think I’ve singlehandedly given your life meaning, I know it’s more complicated than that or you.”
“And I’m glad you think so,” Tony says, tilting his head and looking up at Steve. “But me today and me back then are very different kinds of hot. You’ve seen the photos of me at clubs back then.”
“You showered this morning.”
“No,” Tony says in a determined tone that Steve knows only means trouble for him.
“What?”
“It’s Christmas in four days, Steve.”
“You didn’t want to stay there?”
“Yep,” Tony says, listening to the bottles rattle in the drawer as Steve closes it again. “I might need you to hang onto them for me.”
“And you couldn’t go back to sleep?” Steve asks, holding a mug under Tony’s nose in the hopes of coaxing him awake.
“Oh,” Tony says quietly.
Steve’s got Tony’s legs hooked up over his shoulders as he fucks him, trying to get deeper with every thrust, wanting to make sure Tony remembers this when he’s older again. He needs Tony to remember this, for Steve to be the one Tony thinks of when he remembers being fucked for the first time, and Steve’s only slightly ashamed of that. If he could overwrite all of Tony’s previous partners, he would. Steve doesn’t know what that makes him, but right now, with Tony taking his cock like he was made for it, he doesn’t care.
Tony’s body is already vibrating from need when the first hit from Steve comes, and he whines, wriggling under Steve’s hand in an attempt to push his ass back, wanting more. “Steve, I—”
“Because I’m not going to look like this,” Tony says, holding up one of the polaroids. “I’m old, and I’m—”
Steve frowns, exchanging a look with Tony. “Put him through, JARVIS.”
There’s a low hum of music as Tony walks into the shop with his idea stuffed in his pocket. He’s a little nervous, but Natasha told him this was the best studio she’s been to and, well, if he’s going to get a needle jabbed into his skin, he wants it to be from the best. The flash sheets on the wall are certainly impressive, and he does trust Natasha, he’s just never been in this situation before.
“No,” Tony says after a moment. “I guess I wouldn’t.”
If Steve thought he wouldn’t be able to let Tony go after the market, that’s nothing to how he feels right now, pressed back against the counter with Tony invading all his senses. Tony’s everywhere, and Steve doesn’t want to lose this, ever.
“Birdbrain forgot that,” Tony mumbles against Steve’s neck. “I don’t know what he did but it woke everyone up.”
“That’s not your concern,” Steve says, taking his phone and pocketing it.
“You think I should tell them.”
Steve catalogues the equipment they’re using, trying to remember as much of it as possible to tell Tony when he gets back. If they know what’s being used on Bucky, then maybe if they get him back, they can—. Steve senses Pierce coming up behind him and clamps down on his thoughts.
“I’m sure,” Tony says, kissing the hinge of Steve’s jaw before leaning back to meet his eyes. “Steve, I’m sure. Okay?”
“Sure you don’t,” Steve says.
“If you—I mean, I thought that maybe—”
“I—what?” Steve freezes, staring up at the ceiling. “We, I mean—”
“Tony, I love you,” Steve says, drawing him down until he can kiss him. “And anyway, Bruce said it would wear off in 24 hours, that’s what I was going to tell you before—”
“Hi Peggy,” he says softly, taking a seat by her bed. “Been a while.”
“You heal well,” Steve says, running his fingers along the skin. “Looks like tattooing is for you.”
“You look good,” Steve says, and Tony can hear the unspoken ‘better than when I last saw you’ in that simple sentence.
Tony unconsciously runs his left hand along the scars he still has on his right arm from the gauntlet, and notices the way Steve’s eyes follow his movements. “I knew you were next door,” he says quietly. “I just—I didn’t know what to say to you.”
Steve gets up from the chair and stands behind Tony, sliding his hands around Tony’s waist. Pressing a kiss behind Tony’s ear, he holds him as Tony finishes washes his hands. “You,” Steve says quietly. “I want you.”
It only takes a few more thrusts before Steve’s coming, his cock pulsing deep inside Tony as he fills him up even more, and he groans, almost falling forward as if his strings have been cut.
“Yeah,” Steve says, blinking and looking at him. “I’m with you.”
“They’re perfect,” Tony interrupts, looking up from the painting. “And you—this is how you see me?”
“It has.”
“Of course, you must be a busy man.” Pierce eyes him. “There are some in our organisation who think I shouldn’t be doing this. They say I can’t trust you. What do you think about that?”
“Keep your ears and eyes open, there’s nothing else we can do,” Tony says with a heavy sigh. “Hey, question, if I’m right and Hydra are part of SHIELD, how do you know you can trust me?”
“Well hello, Captain Drama,” Tony says. “What’s up?”
“Let me just—” Steve’s hands drop from Tony’s body and he leans back, grabbing some paper. “Stay still,” he says as he splays the paper against Tony’s side, picking up a pen and quickly outlining a space. “Okay,” he says, taking the paper away and looking at it. “You can put your shirt back on.”
“Oh, we asked him,” Peggy says. “And you know what he told us?”
“Oh,” Tony says. “Do we need to be worried?”
“Gorgeous,” Steve interrupts, snatching the photo out of Tony’s hand. “Tony, do I think you looked hot like this? Yeah, I’m not going to deny it. But that’s because it’s
“How many lives have you saved by now?” Steve asks, grabbing Tony by the sleeve and tugging him over to a quiet spot by the stall selling garlands. “Tony, there’s no cosmic balance sheet. We make choices and live with the consequences, and we try to make the best decisions we can with the information we have. That’s all we can do.”
There’s a wet laugh from Tony, and he ducks his head. “You’re something else.”
“If not then I really need to call my driver before my sweatpants stick to my skin,” Tony interrupts, raising his eyebrows. “Because it’s starting to feel like I’m fifteen again.”
There’s a clang, and Tony feels the metal cuffs fall from his wrists, scraping against his skin, and if that—. Lifting his head, Tony concentrates on opening his eyes.
Tony makes a thoughtful noise. “How big do you think?”
“Why now what?”
“Tony, not that you can’t trust Rhodey, but—”
“I’ve seen how government works, I’m not taking that bet,” Steve says as he watches the shower of Tony’s eyelashes fall over his cheekbones, taking note of the dark circles under his eyes that he could mistake for bruises. “Were you in DC all day?”
“This is a bad idea,” Steve says, his lips brushing over Tony’s mouth. “Tony, we—”
“Ever the tease,” Tony says, a smile creeping on his face. “Sure, sign me up for five, I’ll send them to Rhodey.”
“What are you doing here?”
Steve walks into the tower, sweat dripping down the back of his neck from his run, and he makes his way to the kitchen on the communal floor. The sun’s barely up so he doesn’t expect to see anyone in there, but instead everyone’s in there, and it’s only the fact that Tony’s there, half asleep and slumped on the table that stops him from turning on his heel and heading to his own floor.
“Steve—”
“I don’t know,” Steve says with a heavy sigh. “She says she’ll learn to be comfortable, but that’s—she shouldn’t have to do that.”
“Oh like you don’t sneak down to daycare and get all the kids hyped on sugar anyway,” Cynthia says with a fond smile.
“Good to know,” Tony says, and there’s a look in his eye that makes Steve’s entire body heat up.
“Couldn’t if I tried,” Steve says with a small smile. “What were you going to say?”
“What would you call it?”
“The biggest thing here,” Tony interrupts. “Is that SHIELD is compromised. We can’t trust anyone working for them. Fury seems to be clean, but we don’t know for sure. We don’t know how deep it goes, and I don’t know how we prove what’s going on.”
“Kind of do.”
“It seemed like—” Natasha cuts herself off and bites her lip before continuing. “I think his programming wore off? Like the longer he was away from them, the more he could be something other than what they made him to be.”
Reaching up, Steve attaches the fabric to the loop on the headboard Tony built in for moments just like these, and fastens it just enough that Tony won’t be able to wriggle his way out of it. “I think I can make it up to you,” Steve says, wrapping his hand around Tony’s cock and smiling as Tony pushes up into his light grip. “What do you think?”
“Hey,” Steve says, touching Tony’s cheek. “Skin’s clean.”
“That sucked,” Tony says as he picks up the watch with a free hand. “Steve, I—”
“You have no idea how much blood is on my hands,” Tony says quietly. “Steve, you just—”
“We’re not entirely sure,” Fury says. “But it’s robotic and breathing fire in Central Park, so I’d consider it a personal favour if you’d all get your asses in gear.”
“Hey,” Tony says as he walks in, and Steve looks up. “Where is everyone?”
When he’s done, he looks up to see Steve standing there, just watching him curiously.
“Tough,” Steve says, as he dumps their mess in the trash can before looking at her with a small smile. “Because I’m gonna.”
“Your ass is so red already,” Steve says, a series of short sharp slaps making Tony groan. “And I haven’t even got the paddle yet.”
There’s a swoosh as the doors to the workshop open, Natasha walking in wearing a hoodie and clutching a mug of coffee. “What’s going on?”
“What do you want to show me?” Steve asks. “I don’t have long.”
okay, I guess you like that,” Tony exclaims as Steve carries him back over to the bed.
“As long as you know I’m not taking any responsibility for this,” Steve says, finishing his coffee. “At all.”
“What do you want?” Tony asks, teeth nipping at Steve’s bottom lip. “Steve?”
Tony smacks him lightly on the chest. “Asshole.”
When Steve wakes up the next morning to pale light coming through his windows, he squints at the dusting of snow outside, and for a moment his half awake brain wonders if this is Tony’s doing before he realises how cold it is. “FRIDAY, can you turn the heating up?” Steve asks as he walks into his bathroom, his bare feet on tile only amping up his coldness despite the heated floors Tony installed throughout the compound. After brushing his teeth, he strips his clothes off and gets into the shower, the hot water spraying down on him going some way to warming him up.
“Can’t,” Tony says as he crouches down and picks up a car seat with a baby in it. “Unless you want the really tiny baby.”
“Heart attack? Tony, I thought you—”
“You don’t have to know,” Tony says. “That’s what you’ve got a team for.”
“Well he’s sure as hell trying to kill you!” Tony yells as he fires repulsors at Bucky, swearing when Bucky dodges more of them than he takes.
me to buy a calendar or would that be really awkward?”
“But what if—”
Steve cuts Tony off with a kiss, pressing their mouths together firmly, and he only means for it to go on for a moment, just to prove he’s up for the challenge, but—.
“I’d like that.”
Steve laughs, trailing his fingers along Tony’s back. “I guess she wasn’t so bad. Glad we found her parents quickly, though.”
“What?”
“It’s okay,” Steve says, enjoying the fact that Tony isn’t pulling away, and is instead almost curling in closer to Steve. “It’s not like you haven’t watched this before.”
Steve laughs, kissing the corner of Tony’s mouth. “Good,” he says. “Because you’re mine.”
“What?”
“Disappointed?”
“Shut up,” Steve says without heat. “He was in the medical wing, he wasn’t with the other men.”
Steve swallows against the sudden dryness of his throat. “Does she—was she told that I’m alive?”
He’d loved Steve, so much. He really had. Steve had been the one spot of goodness in the chaos, and he’d been so determined not to drag Steve into the darkest parts of his life. He’s not sure how much he’d succeeded, but he could at least live in some state of denial until the day Steve found him on the bathroom floor.
“We can stop at your floor if—”
“I would’ve let myself ignore it while I drank and snorted my way through life,” Tony says. “You’re giving me too much credit.”
“Pineapple doesn’t go with coffee, Steve,” Tony says, raising an eyebrow. “It’s not my fault.”
Tony looks at him, his eyes glinting in the glow from the string lights on all the stalls. “You were doing it in the name of something.”
“Soon,” Steve says as he pulls out almost entirely before slamming back into him. “I just—you look so gorgeous like this, sweetheart. All of this for me, and I—” Steve’s losing track of his thoughts as he fucks Tony, part of him wanting to drag this out for as long as possible, but the rest of him needing to come. He wants to spend time taking Tony apart, but there’s a familiar feeling low in his groin that’s engulfing him. “Tomorrow,” he says, his voice rough. “I’m gonna spend the whole day in bed with you, but I—”
Grumbling under his breath, Tony slips out of Steve’s grip, which is easier than he thought it would be, and makes his way to the bathroom to take care of business. When he comes back, there’s a slight frown on Steve’s face and he’s dragged Tony’s pillow into his arms. Steve’s all sunkissed skin and hard muscle, his beard lighter than it was when he got here, and Tony just wants to get his mouth on every single inch of him.
The corners of Steve’s eyes crinkle as he smiles, and he takes Tony’s hand. “Then come with me?”
“I puked on you, I yelled at you, I tried to hit you, and then you had to drag me away from the fight I did get into,” Tony rattles off before shrugging. “Take your pick.”
“Wow,” Steve says, squeezing Tony’s hand. “This is—wow.”
“Okay, okay, yeah,” Tony says, nodding to himself. “Dinner.”
“Can you?” Steve interrupts as he stands up and walks over to Tony.
“Right, I did, yep,” Tony says, wiping his hands on his legs. “So. Clean clothes. Non sweatpants clothes. I can do this.”
Tony snorts. “Shocking. Want to go and forage for take out? See if the kids have left us anything?”
Steve pauses before shaking his head. “No, no, but maybe he did something to make them think he was? I don’t know.”
And kids love Tony, they enjoy Steve, but Tony’s practically a god to them. Whenever they get asked to visit children’s hospitals or orphanages, Tony’s the first one to sign up, usually turning his wide eyes on Steve until Steve agrees to accompany him. It’s ridiculous, really, Steve could easily get out of it every time, but he feels bad saying no to the kids.
“Ah, of course,” Steve says, letting Tony take his hand and lead him towards the elevators. “What was I thinking?”
“We can’t yet,” Steve says, his thumb stroking over Tony’s wrist gently. “Your skin—we have to wait. I’m so sorry, sweetheart, I know, I know.”
“Tradition, Steve,” Tony says, a sharp smile on his face. “Come on.”
“Yes,” Bucky says, shooting a look at Steve, and before Steve knows what’s happening, Bucky turns on his heel and runs, vanishing into the park.
“You’d think they’d have had their fill of this by now, but no, five years later and I still have to go out there and talk about my dead parents. Talk about Howard, really. No one wants to hear about—” Tony’s voice cracks and he rolls back onto his side, using everything in his arsenal to stop himself from crying. “She was better than either of us, but no one wants to hear about her.”
They easily fall into step with each other as they walk towards the market, shoulders brushing together. “What do you want?” Steve asks, the snow crunching beneath his feet.
“So am I,” Steve says. “And it took me a while to get to that point.”
Clint raises his mug and shrugs. “I feel betrayed, sure, but not by you. Kinda pissed SHIELD have apparently been setting me up to get killed.”
“To sleep? I know that.”
“Yeah,” Steve says eventually, kissing Tony softly. “One day.”
Steve laughs, stepping forward and resting his arms on Tony’s shoulders, leaning down and resting their foreheads together. “Stay,” he says. “Let me look after that tattoo.”
“It’s fine,” Tony says. “And as for the one night thing, it’s not like I’ve been sleeping around with this in my chest.”
“Yeah,” Tony says, his voice slightly rough. “Is that okay?”
“That’s quite an offer,” Steve says, knocking his knee against Tony’s and smiling when Tony looks at him. “I’m okay. Could we—Natasha wants to take me to lunch after training tomorrow, but can we get dinner this week?”
“Tony had a minor incident,” comes Natasha’s voice in his ear. “He’s being looked at. Where are you?”
Steve laughs, the atmosphere in the room turning a little lighter, and Tony relaxes, letting himself enjoy the drag of the needle against his skin. They lull back into an easy quiet, music from Steve’s phone low in the background, and Tony would swear he could fall asleep like this. The pain doesn’t even feel like pain anymore, it’s almost euphoric, and there’s a familiar buzz in Tony’s mind that he’s resisting sinking into. He swallows, wondering if what he’s feeling is unusual.
“I’ll talk to her after breakfast,” Steve says. “If—”
“To the PICU,” she says and, noticing the frown on Steve’s face, she smiles. “The pediatric intensive care unit,” she continues. “It’s two floors up.”
“Make it twenty one,” Tony says. “I want one for the shed.”
“Tony,” Steve interrupts, holding a hand up. “So, it
“Painful.”
“What?” Tony asks, his curiosity getting the better of him. “What did you think?”
Tony shrugs. “You looked—ignore me.”
“Well,” Steve says, shrugging. “You’re not wrong. Apparently when the world isn’t ending, I don’t have much to do.”
“You think he knew you were here?”
“I’ve never—” Steve breaks off. “This is all I have in my life,” he continues. “I work, I go home, I go to the gym, and sometimes my friends drag me out to a bar where I nurse a beer all evening because I’m too scared to find out what could happen if I get drunk.”
“I’m not sorry you did either,” Tony says, low and intimate. “But—”
“And I don’t spend my days shopping for clothes,” Steve says. “It’s what I had.”
“Ugly Christmas sweaters, check,” Tony says, turning to put the eggs away. “I went into town,” he continues. “Did we know a bakery had opened up?”
“And you need him now?”
“Next year it’s your turn to dress up,” Tony says, shifting a little to give Steve better access. “Something, ah, skimpy. Maybe in public.”
“I’m sorry,” Steve interrupts. “Tony, I know that’s not who you are, please don’t think that I—” Steve pauses and shakes his head, a sad smile on his face. “You know, when I found you, that time in the bathroom, I’d never been so scared in my entire life.”
“Made a nightlight out of an arc reactor,” Steve says, lifting it out of the box. “Tony.”
“I love it,” Tony says. “Steve, you didn’t—I would’ve been happy with socks.”
“Well. I mean it,” Steve says, his face heating up. “You’re one of my favourite things about this century.”
“You watched me get dressed,” Steve says. “When would I have had time to put a bow down there?”
Tony falls asleep before the body hits Al’s cop car, and Steve watches the rest of the movie ever so painfully aware of Tony’s body curled up next to him. Tony’s head is resting against Steve’s chest, and at some point Steve ended up with his arm draped around Tony’s shoulders. The thing is that this isn’t new, Tony’s fallen asleep on him before, most memorably when Steve had already been napping on the couch and Tony had apparently decided he looked comfortable enough to sleep on, but there’d always been other people in the compound.
“Should I call my therapist? She does couples.”
“It’s been five years,” Steve says, a hint of anger in his voice. “You’ve said you’ve done this every year since they died, you don’t need to do it this year.”
“Just—battle’s over, right? Call me Steve.”
“Super soldier,” Tony says, snapping his fingers. “Stumbled across anyone like that in your years?”
Steve lifts Tony up to carry him over to the bed, not wanting to let go, and places him on the bed gently. Leaning over him for a moment, Steve brushes their noses together before he smiles at Tony. “Stay,” Steve says as he steps back from the bed. He strips out of the uniform as quickly as he can, his gaze concentrated on the way Tony’s all spread out on the bed for him like the best goddamn gift he’s ever been given.
“You’d be surprised.”
“Peachy,” Tony says through the comms. “But I need some help round the back of the block.”
“That sounds like you.”
“I asked the nurses,” she says. “They told me he likes to cuddle the babies, give parents like me an hour or so to ourselves. I didn’t—well. I’ve never met a billionaire before, but I didn’t expect him to be like this.”
“Holy shit,” Tony says quietly as his hands run along Steve’s back. “Steve, that—”
“No you’re not,” Tony says, running a hand down Steve’s chest. “But I forgive you, given everything.”
,” Steve groans, not entirely sure where he wants to put his hands first, but quickly settling on grabbing Tony’s ass, his fingers massaging the soft skin as he meets Tony’s mouth in a desperate kiss. It’s different without Tony’s facial hair, and Steve slides a hand up Tony’s back until he can cup the back of his head, holding him in place as Steve takes his fill. The noises Tony’s making go straight to Steve’s cock, and he stands up while still holding onto Tony, smiling into the kiss when Tony instinctively wraps his legs around Steve’s hips.
The Tony in front of him right now is in a pair of slightly baggy sweatpants along with a hoodie that belongs to Steve, and that’s making him look even smaller than he is. The edges of his face are softened, not as sharp as they usually are on the face Steve sees every day, but his eyes—they’re still Tony. Still got the warmth that Steve fell in love with years ago.
“That’s not exactly the word I would use,” Steve says absently, looking at Tony. He’s seen pictures of Tony from his twenties, but he never—he hadn’t been attracted to him aside from the general Tony of it all. All the pictures and footage of Tony in his twenties Steve’s seen involved the public Tony, the Tony that puts on a face and fake smile and covers up his emotions.
“This isn’t cooking,” Steve says, shooting a look over his shoulder. “It’s grilling. There’s a difference.”
“Yeah,” Steve says nonsensically, reaching down and easily lifting Tony up, smiling against Tony’s mouth as Tony winds his legs around Steve’s hips. Walking them out of the bathroom, Steve stumbles a little when Tony’s teeth graze against his neck, and he almost drops Tony on the bed as he goes to lower him on the mattress. Straightening up, Steve looks at Tony sprawled out on the sheets in a pair of sweatpants which Tony quickly kicks off. “Beautiful,” Steve says as he loses his boxers before climbing on the bed, his body covering Tony’s form. “You’re so—”
“Develop a huge crush on him?” Natasha interrupts.
“Nothing, I just—” Tony breaks off and shakes his head, offering Steve an easy smile. “Sure. That’s probably on FRIDAY’s list somewhere anyway.”
“Oh,” Tony says. “I—yes. Yeah. We can do that.”
“Army?”
“I really don’t think—”
“You do remember neither of us can cook, right?”
Steve’s eyebrows raise and he turns away from Tony, the sunglasses on his face meaning Tony’s left unable to get a read on him. “I always liked you, Tony. Even when I thought I didn’t.”
“Sure,” Tony says, bemusement in his voice. “Are you done? I mean, are you doing something?”
Looking up, Steve glances over at Tony and smiles. “You have to say that,” he says. “Given everything.”
Tony’s woken up by the door to his bedroom opening. He tries to lift his head, but gives up quickly, closing his eyes again against the thumping headache rattling around his brain.
,” Tony breathes out, staring at the canvas. “You painted this?”
Tony makes a noise. “I’ve had one cup of coffee, Steve, give me a break.”
“No,” Steve says after a beat. “I’d do it again.”
“Well, it was my special day,” Tony says, a fond smile directed at Peggy. I wasn’t wrong about that.”
Steve lets a tight smile cross his face before he looks away from Pierce. The elevator is quiet, the churning of the old mechanics the only sound, and Steve wonders who owns the building, if this is potentially a SHIELD building with Hydra hiding in plain sight.
“Oh,” Steve says. “I—” he breaks off and sighs. “Okay.”
“Okay,” Tony says carefully. “What stopped you?”
“Missing the point,” Tony says. “Steve—”
“Yeah?”
“He said, ‘mommy uses this stuff on her special days and it’s
“Fuck,” Tony says, his heart thudding against his chest. “Dinner. Okay. I can do dinner. I think I can do dinner. JARVIS?”
Head lolling, Tony struggles to open his eyes because—Steve. He hears Steve.
They unwrap gifts from Natasha, soft sweaters in similar colours that Steve never would’ve picked out himself, but immediately loves. There’s a few smaller gifts from Pepper, more hot chocolate from Sam with a note that he’s keeping his supplier secret that makes Steve laughs, some treats from old SHIELD staff who now work with them, drawings from Clint’s kids, and before Steve realises it, all that’s left are their gifts to each other.
“Had an awful breakup where you found me convulsing on the bathroom floor because I’d done too much coke?”
“Tony, that’s never been true.”
Steve’s slightly distracted by the flush on Tony’s cheeks, but he drags his eyes away from him and looks at Peggy. “Is it—I mean—”
Looking at the watch, Steve presses the sides and switches it on, hoping like all hell that it’s still going to be able to transmit to Tony, because he can tell they’re deep underground. There’s layers of concrete surrounding them as Pierce walks further into the building, and Steve finds himself cataloguing how to get out if this is an ambush. There’s no route out that he can see aside from where they came in, and he’d have to rely on his speed and healing if it came to it. Steve hopes it’s not an ambush, he doesn’t want to die like this. Not now.
“Not too much?” Steve asks.
,” he breathes out. “Come on.”
Steve tries to get better with babies, he really does. It doesn’t seem like people are going to stop handing them to him anytime soon so he tries to learn not handle them like they’re bombs. But he’s still so big, and they’re so small, and as soon as they start crying he freezes up and doesn’t know what to do.
“Uh, Tony?” Steve says. “I’m done with the—”
“Oh put your eyes away, Tony,” Peggy says with a laugh. “You think I don’t remember you telling me you wanted to marry Steve?”
“That a promise?” Tony asks, leaning forward in his chair as he reaches down and threads his fingers through Steve’s hair, noting the way Steve closes his eyes at the touch.
“Spa weekend?”
Their eyes meet, and Tony sees the pain that’s still there under the surface. The painting on the wall doesn’t even come close to what Steve went through, Tony knows that. He gets it, some of it, the fear that comes from no longer knowing your body, of your entire world being turned upside down because of something you couldn’t control. “Okay,” Tony says, finally, breaking eye contact with Steve reluctantly. “That was awkward.”
Instead, he gets out a saucepan, some milk, and the hot chocolate Sam gave him before he left, and gets to making himself something to kill the last remnants of cold lurking in him. Steve’s halfway through warming the milk when he hears the elevator ping, and he looks to the entrance to the kitchen just as Tony walks in.
Steve takes in the look on Tony’s face as Luca walks away. “You really don’t like it when people compliment you, do you?”
“Would you feel better if you hadn’t found out what Obie was doing?”
“Thank you,” Steve says. “You know, I’m not sure you’ll want to hear it, considering everything, but without your weapons I would’ve ended up a lot worse. My men were able to cover me and drag me to safety because of your work.”
“‘Kay,” Tony says before he jerks awake again. “Wait—”
Tony nods before he slowly looks Steve up and down, noticing the subtle bulge in his sweatpants, and he tries to keep the wicked grin he’s feeling from creeping over his face. “Okay,” he says, noticing that the flush on Steve’s face has gotten darker. “I’d like that.”
He’s down at SI to sign off on a merchandising contract Tony’s set up for him, with proceeds going to various charities, when he hears a commotion from outside Tony’s office. Scribbling his name on the contracts, he pokes his head out the door and finds Tony cuddling a baby, a woman hovering over him.
“There’s a lot about me they didn’t write in the history books,” Steve says, stepping inside the elevator and raising an eyebrow when Pierce doesn’t join him.
“You’re doing so good,” Steve says, his voice breaking through Tony’s thoughts like a shot of clarity. “Tony, sweetheart, do you want more?”
“They’re just pants.”
“I never have to say anything, but I do anyway,” Tony says, putting his fork down and reaching across the table to take Steve’s hand. “Steve, I can’t tell you the amount of people who have tried to date me because I’m Tony Stark, and I mean that literally because I can’t be bothered to do the math. For the record, you were hot before the serum. The muscles are great, sure, not going to complain, but I’m more interested in Steve Rogers than Captain America. And you’ve always been Steve Rogers.”
“Wow,” Tony says, pushing himself up and looking at Steve. “And here I thought I’d be the one with all the commitment fears.”
“I think we’re done,” Steve says after a moment. “Let me clean you up.”
“It’s fine,” Tony says with a tight smile that doesn’t reach his eyes. “Ticking off something else on the list, right?”
“It’s not like I had normal Christmases,” Tony says. “I was shoved into a tux and made to glad hand with senators and oil tycoons as a kid, I don’t think you want to know what my idea of Christmas is.”
“As long as there’s no rubber gloves involved, I’ll be fine,” Steve says as they step into the elevator.
Steve rolls his eyes and throws a balled up napkin at her. “How about we leave my personal life out of this?”
It’s like the air has been sucked out of the room, and all Tony wants is for that to happen, right now. “Never should’ve encouraged you to talk dirty,” Tony groans. “That’s some kind of punishment alone.”
“If you sleep, then yes, dinner. I’d like that.”
“For what?”
“Captain,” Pierce says, shaking his hand as he greets him. “Good to see you.”
Tapping the screen, he holds it to his ear. “Hi.”
“Okay, you’ve convinced me,” Tony mumbles against Steve’s mouth. “Bed, please, I want—”
Steve’s curled up on the couch, the Christmas tree that arrived at the compound one day twinkling away in the corner, a book in his hand and a mug of steaming hot cocoa on the coffee table when he hears the elevator ping.
Suspecting it is one thing, but seeing it with his own two eyes is something very different, and Steve forces himself to watch. Bucky’s unnervingly compliant as they shove something in his mouth for him to bite down on, the metal straps on the chair holding him down at the command of one of the people in the room.
“Visiting Peg,” Tony says. “If you want.”
She looks around before she takes a deep breath and lets it out slowly. “When he shot me? That wasn’t the only time I met him,” she says. “When I was younger, before Clint got me out, I was—well. I wasn’t doing nice wholesome things like this. Winter Soldier and I had been sent after the same mark, and we ended up at a crossroads when the mark went into hiding.”
Steve sighs, holding Tony close, the polaroids scattered around them. “It’s not about winning,” he says. “Or about the lingerie.”
“Tonight,” Steve says, catching Tony’s hand where his fingers have been unconsciously running up and down Steve’s thigh. “Short notice again.”
“Your father helped develop our intellicrops,” Tony says. “He’s done more for people around the world than I have, I would’ve been a fool not to hire him.”
“Yes.”
“Because,” Tony interrupts in a rush before Steve can finish. “I’d want more from you. I’d want you. All of you. And I know you’re not interested, I get that, but—”
“What?” Steve asks when Tony hesitates.
Steve presses a kiss against the top of Tony’s head. “What were you doing in the workshop?”
Steve pauses, looking at him, the way the winter sunlight is casting a warm glow on Tony’s skin and he sighs. “Yes,” he says, the corner of his mouth turning up. “I trust you.”
“I can work with that,” Steve says finally. “It’s not a problem.”
“I want to,” Tony says, his foot outstretched under the small metal table, tangling with Steve’s legs. “I want this, you, forever.”
“Can’t guarantee it, but anything else would either take too long to fabricate, or would have to be on all the time and would definitely get you caught, so we’ll take our chances with this.”
Steve feels his face heat up because he knows what it looks like, how he spent so long getting the curve of Tony’s jaw just right, the colour of his eyes the exact shade, the way his hair falls on his forehead as accurate as possible. Anyone would look at the painting and be able to tell he was in love with Tony. “Yes,” he says. “It’s how I’ve always seen you.”
The corners of Steve’s mouth turn up and he can feel the flush on the back of his neck. “I love you,” he says quietly, his heart thudding when Tony’s eyes widen. “You know I do, but I just—I really love you.”
“Oh, I’m terrified,” Tony says. “But we could figure it out together, if you want. Sounds like we’re both as pathetic as each other right now, so—”
“Do wha—hey! Put me down!”
“But I knew that I—I didn’t know you—” Steve gently puts the nightlight back in the box, trying to wrap his head around what this means. “You mean you—”
“Ouch,” Tony says, rubbing the back of his head as he turns around, a carton of eggs in his hand. “You know, for someone so big, you’re goddamn quiet when you walk.”
“Well, they don’t need to know that you don’t know,” Tony says. “And like I said, you won’t be alone. Just, and I realise the irony of me saying this, but be careful.”
Steve doesn’t need any more encouragement than that, and he willingly goes, sinking into Tony’s touch. Tony’s hands are gripping his coat tight, like he wants to make sure Steve’s really there with him, and Steve buries his face against Tony’s neck, breathing in the scent of his cologne. “I couldn’t—fuck, Tony, I—.”
“My bed is really big,” Tony says in a rush. “If you want to—if you’d sleep better with someone there, then—”
“All I know is the next time I saw him, he shot me without an ounce of recognition.”
“Right, can’t be too honest around dear Anthony,” Peggy says, leaning over to Steve. “He’s awfully sensitive, you know.”
“Not exactly subtle with the Stark Industries logo across it,” she says with a small smile as they walk out of the building, Steve following her lead.
“But you were adorable,” Tony protests. “I’ve seen the pictures, you might’ve been small, but you—I would’ve dated you.”
“I didn’t realise it was today,” Steve says in a rush. “The anniversary, I mean. I’ve been so caught up in the idea of spending Christmas with you that I—”
Steve’s brow furrows as he looks at the shoot. They’d dressed him up in a deep blue suit, a stark white shirt with the first few buttons undone, and the hairstylist had fussed with his hair until it fell the way she wanted it. He doesn’t look like himself, and he wonders if Tony is right, if people only see him as an all American man. Steve sighs, slumping back against the arm of the couch a little. “I hate that,” he says when Tony raises an questioning eyebrow at him. “I’m not that.”
“Shit, Steve, you don’t have to—”
“Ugh.” Tony looks away and shrugs, his fingers twisting together. “It’s different, like this. It’s fine to look back and think about how I looked but—”
“I’m just glad you have a personal life,” Natasha says. “This can be a lonely job.”
“Sure,” Steve says, offering Tony a small smile. “Come with me.”
“You should,” Tony says honestly. “I would. Look, I—do you
Opening his eyes, Tony’s met with Steve’s face all flushed, his hair pushed back from his forehead, and he leans in, meeting Steve’s mouth with his own in an urgent kiss. “M’so fucking hard,” Tony mumbles against Steve’s mouth. “Can you—”
“Yeah,” Tony says, looking up at Steve before running a hand over the healed skin. “Are you hungry? The others ordered take out.”
Breaking the kiss, Steve reaches for the lube and slides down between Tony’s legs. Tony’s cock is already starting to fill again, and Steve presses a sloppy kiss against the base before he shifts, kneeling with Tony’s legs either side of him. Slicking up his fingers, Steve presses one against Tony’s hole and slowly pushes it in, watching the reaction on Tony’s face.
“Once you stopped looking at her like she was going to explode, anyway.”
And, fuck, that hits Tony in the chest. He trails his fingers down Steve’s beard, enjoying the surprisingly soft textures of it against his fingertips. “Stay tonight,” he says. “My bed is big if you’re worried about—”
“Rhodey would warn you against playing ‘who is more pathetic’ with me,” Tony says, leaning back against the counter. “I always win.”
“What if I’m just doing this because I miss my life before the ice? If he is what we think he is then he’s not even the same person I knew, what if—what if he can’t be made whole when we find him?”
“Surprise?”
“But you like it?”
“What?”
“Pierce wants to see you,” Rumlow says quietly, but with all the confidence that Steve will be able to hear him. “Tonight. You’ll get a text with the information.”
“Another time,” Tony says with a laugh. “How about a kiss?”
He closes his eyes and tries not to think about it.
“I didn’t know we had to,” Tony says, having wrapped the towel around himself. “Steve, I just—you’re the one who said you didn’t want to rush things.”
“Wouldn’t even want to take them off you,” Steve says, his hand trailing up Tony’s thigh and resting against Tony’s crotch. “Would you be mad if I ripped the lace off you? Fucked you in your stockings? Just made a mess of you while you were all dressed up?”
“A friend, okay. Sure, I’ll go with you,” Tony says, looking surprised. “Whenever you want.”
“Good boy,” Steve says before falling silent, the words heavy in the room. “That, uh—”
“Steve,” Tony says, butting into Steve’s thoughts. “I lose you somewhere?”
