It’s extremely easy to do that. The significantly familiar scent beyond helpful. If he just keeps his eyes closed and imagines himself with screams in his chest instead of eerie silence.
Rolling onto his back, he brings Steve along, head still pressed beneath Tony’s chin but body cautiously curled into his side rather than sprawling on top of him.
With that thought, Tony abandons his attempt to smile and walks in. “About last Saturday -,” he starts, the same moment Steve says, “I’m sorry.”
Wordlessly, he pulls Tony so he’s draped over his chest; just like they used to, all those years ago, but at the same time, not exactly the same.
Of course, team bonding involves meetings, games, movies and mostly sparring. But Tony would be in the suit then and Rogers doesn’t single him out, keeping his professionalism which Tony is convinced, something unfeasible.
“Please,” Rhodey scoffs, swallowing his own mouthful, but only speaking after, because he’s more decadent than Tony could ever. “Reserve that damned Cap title for your boyfriend. I don’t wanna hear it near me.”
Steve brings his hands up to face, scrubbing twice before he too, sighs and sits up straight. “Shoot.” He says, eyes clearer, dry sniffles and the thickness in his voice is the only remaining proof that he was struggling with composure a second ago.
Tony says his goodnight first, neither lingering as Steve walks past to his own room and it’s – it’s probably nothing. Or it may have been everything.
Steve rolls his eyes and picks up where he stopped, but the smile on his lips stays and he keeps talking, “It’s not unusual. I make mistakes too.”
“We’ll group up.” Steve says, once Tony’s done. “Talk to Rhodey and we’ll see where to go from there.” He gives his words.
That’s as far as Pepper will admit to saving the others if only, they’d come to the tower too, and Tony doesn’t begrudge her for that thought.
Surrounded by a pile of spare parts and tools. His Henley is smudged ugly with motor oil and grease.
Something flickers to life in Tony’s body at the sight of another human in his space. I’m not alone, he thinks numbly.
The furrow between his eyebrows, shades darker than his lighter hair, almost the same as the curls hidden.
Barnes talks to him now and Tony does too. And not just in the workshop, but in other places as well.
Wearing riches on his skin and pretty faces in each arm. Every. Other. Night. Days stretching into a long and winding blankness - thank you drugs, thank you alcohol - just like the space behind his brittle ribs.
Tony gives the well of the bowl another wipe and puts it away, holding his hand out for the cutleries as he asks, “You think it’s different?”
Tony considers that too. “No,” he says. “Not really.” That’s mess that he had long since locked away - strangled and tied - and he doesn’t think there is an immediate reason requiring its release.
He never wants to see Bucky as how Howard used to be; never wants to see anyone there, which was why he himself quit. The mirror helped.
Then, there’s Tony. Feeling like a truck had just ran over him not because he didn’t know, but hearing it out loud drove the confirmation home like nothing else.
According to Natasha, Tony might as well have moved in. He still sleeps in ‘his’ room. But the nights with Steve are longer by the day. They can easily sit for hours until the sun creeps up on them, if not for Steve’s insistence for them to retire by 3am because;
The workshop is now a communal place and he’s stuck here under mandatory requirements also, while companies are not something he wants now, Barnes in the corner, minding his own business feels like he’s not going to bother Tony anytime soon. Therefore, Tony begrudgingly decides to give it a chance.
“I do no such thing!” Tony protests while Wanda takes her advice, with a quick peck to Tony’s cheek and a hug and Merry Christmas to Pepper, she goes away – with a petite straw basket swinging on her arm - to complete her round through the compound.
Tony had so many experiences with that, primarily starring Pepper Potts and James Rhodes. It’s just odd to see Natasha and Barnes have a go at it.
The door snaps close with a jingle and Steve hops down onto the pavement with a grin, “I did,” he tugs urgently.
Some time passes in silence; them taking in their surroundings and then watching a couple of kids run around, playing hide and seek in various display rooms and Bucky asks monotonously if there's anything else to see in this Ikea place.
Tony spent a long time after his surgery to re-implant the arc reactor, wondering if Rogers had known that then. When he’d punched the shield deep enough to graze Tony’s skin and
“Two days,” Steve exhales, his head falls, forehead hits the edge of the bed and there’s a shiver that wrecks through his spine as he holds onto Tony’s hand through it. “Fuck,” he swears airily.
Is it really just the thought, the firm decision to put everything behind and walk away is all that counts?
He’s not the only one to realise that. He is also not the only to have those leaks either. On multiple occasions, he has been on the receiving ends of Rhodey’s disapproving looks. Tony doesn’t know what to think of that.
But of-fucking-course Barnes hears him and of-fucking-course he yells back, just as loudly and obnoxiously, “You wish!”
“They celebrated him. Like he was a hero. Which. I mean. He was. He saved them from a monster and stuff but that’s not gonna happen here and it’s hard to convince him that.”
That is a roundabout way of saying, the reason Tony is a bastard is because Steve is equally a bastard. Now, who started first is a chicken or egg question which we’re not going to even attempt to tackle.
He can’t lose this. He can’t lose Tony. He loves them too much; loves Tony too much, and he knows how Tony has tendencies to sabotage himself, self destruct in the process, but Steve won’t let him destroy this. Won’t let him destroy them.
, do not share the closeness that you may share with Steve Rogers. If you’re friends with him, why don’t you talk with
“Come home,” she says later, wiping a bloody dagger in the inside of her left sleeve, watching grey clouds burst into the white sky next to Tony and she tells him, “He’s awake, you know. Asking for you.”
Blinking hard, he empties his plastic cup down his throat and looks up. “Why you’d kill for him,” he smirks. Not an ounce of feeling under his skin.
Tony has FRIDAY call a day for them since she knows his schedule better than himself and they agree on the following Thursday.
“Should have known to not trust the brochure,” he sighs, giving up on the fries that are too limp to be saved.
It’s late, half an hour past ten. But it’s not too late for all the residents to be asleep yet. He doesn’t know anymore who has the habit of wandering out from their cocoon after they retire once.
T’Challa takes a slow breath in. “Friends and family merely differ in the matter of choices. But the care remains extensively the same. I see a friend suffering, I know the cause of it and I’m taking the next natural step, where-in I try to help them sort it out.”
JARVIS had sent out a help signal to Steve’s phone before he was shut down. Tony was awake during the attempt so he managed to not only stop it but garner evidence in the process as well.
The first person he sees at the table is Wanda and it has been such a long time since he last saw her that his body decides it’s acceptable for him to walk over and give her a tight hug before his brain catches up with him.
Wilson doesn’t show, but then again, he and Rhodey appear like they have a great comradery going on between them.
“Nope. Nobody deserves an abuse. Come they may in whichever form, no one deserves them. Not even the psychopath with a dead sentence on his head.”
And Tony, refusing to be shaken in the face of hopeful eyes and gentle hands - one ice cold while the other blood warm - grabs the back of Bucky’s head in a harsh fist and asks him roughly, “And you? Do
Pepper finds him fitting into his Bleeding Edge armour – his work left long in progress when things took a turn to down a while back.
He’s got something in his hand - cool and metallic - and he knows he’s sitting cause he lacks the energy to carry his body weight right now. He’s slowly tuning back into reality when he realises just where his gaze is fixed at (spaced out or not).
And yet here he is, still a free man, staining borrowed towels red from his first flesh wound since he started this vengeance streak.
“Jean, she – She showed me what she can do. Worse than my own -,” She pauses, shakes her head and begins again.
Steve’s fingers are deceptively smooth. For a man who punches for living, he’s unscarred, thanks to his serum.
A grin breaks out on Steve’s face, blinding Tony for a moment as his modified heart stutter pitifully in his chest.
“Easy,” Tony says, pulling out the file JARVIS has picked up for him. “When you dig at the right spot, you’ll find what you’re looking for.”
“What do you want to know.” He asks after joining the ends together because Barnes hasn’t moved away since and Tony’s too familiar with curiosity to understand the struggle that comes with it.
Not a second feels too rushed. Not a wisp of their breath or a beat of their heart. All of him poured liberally into that single moment, focused, entranced and all consumed.
The night is young, he tells himself. The clock on the bedside table glares forty minutes past two in the morning.
And when he sees her eyes; red rimmed and sad, he remembers what she had said once. About the way he loved:
He hears a humourless snort and only then he dares to look at Steve, taking a deep inhale as his focus shifts.
The silence is deafening. The emptiness within him is so crippling that he misses when his broken heart used to wail, once upon a time.
“Steve’s… Things haven’t been easy for him lately. I hope you don’t let what he said affect you so much.”
He remembers falling in love with Steve. He doesn’t know when it started, but he remembers half way through the process.
Tony secretly wishes he would be alone in the workshop today but as far as the day has been going, it’s robbing him off of all his plans.
And the elevator door opens, but Tony has already made up his mind quicker. "Are you now?" He pouts back, cocking his head sideway, playing into whatever his boyfriend's doing.
“I’m never doing this,” Rhodey swears, but he’d broken that over ten times going steady. Tony grunts at him and wipes his face.
It takes Tony’s breath away, weaves a clumsy lump of weight that wraps around him and squeeze until he’d startled awake.
Now, she sits quietly, letting Tony gather himself with two sticks, poking and prodding at an array of Chinese takeout FRIDAY had taken the liberty to order for them and some TV show playing in the background.
“It’ll be called BroPeC. Which in retrospect sounds vulgar and I’ll think about a better acronym for it, but Pepper. Broken People Club. Can you imagine the sheer number of members who would qualify for that?”
“Stop,” he warns, lips brushing over Tony’s nape. Breath hot and wet and something clench and shiver in Tony’s chest. “Once you’re healed, I’ll fuck you so hard you forget your name so, be patient. For now.”
Barnes was… the same. Quiet, withdrawn and nothing. Tony tries not to look in his direction too much.
“I’m not dying,” Wanda says when Bruce tells her that. Then she hugs him and promises to visit every fortnight.
“I know I’m imposing, Mr Stark. But I saw you. On the day of the battle, and I witnessed the Captain throughout his stay with us and after the battle ended. One year on the road didn’t change the man from the first time he sought help for his friend from us. I’m seeing you today and the fact that you remain just as broken as the day I saw you all those months ago is why I’m bringing this issue into light, Mr Stark. It’s best if the two of you put your pasts in your past. Instincts tell me that both of you are better being friends than enemy -,”
The other, the man is a very blue, hairy… well, gentle giant; speaks Tony’s language too. Tony hates to pick a favourite but he’s already leaning towards McCoy over there.
“I was going to say that time where you tried to buy my forgiveness with a basket of strawberries because you knew I was on a diet and I love fruits but you forgot that I was allergic to strawberries, but, sure.” She smiles at him sickly sweet.
Just, Tony. Who is friends with an amazing, resilient lady named Pepper Potts and an ever patient, reliable, man named James Rhodes.
He can’t remember the last time he’d kissed Steve’s hand, even if it’s just a chaste brush of lips. He’s sure they’d done it multiple times when they were…
“Glad to see you’re still alive in my absence, Miss Potts.” He teases her. “Is the boy toy behaving?”
And Tony agrees with him, he realises, as he bends a little to let his mouth brush over the short blonde strands and he presses a kiss, lips stretching into a smile over it.
Then, not so long after, Vision… God, if Tony loses – If Steve – If, god, if something happens to Steve, despite their dispute, regardless of his broken heart, even if it was in those times when Tony was convinced, he hated Steve, he could
He catches the way everyone sits up in their seat. They’re not exactly gearing for a fight like they used to two years ago. They’re simply at attention. Curious, more than anything.
“Because he doesn’t listen to me.” T’Challa hisses, catching his loss of composure and regaining them promptly.
“Pepper updated me. It’s on that condition that I don’t follow you everywhere you go.” Steve confesses, head ducked down.
Tony pulls in a deep breath. Alarm bells ringing all around him. He knows the minute he climbs onto the bed next to Bucky that he is risking his life. But at that moment, he doesn’t care.
Bruce sighed and looked over at the young man. "That's his way of saying that you're brilliant and you did a good job," he explained. "But Tony doesn't know how to be nice. Unless you're Steve, in which case he somehow finds a way."
The movement beside him slowly roused Tony from his sleep. He blinked, and his eyes reassuringly took focus again. His vision was still slightly blurry, but nothing terrible. Remembering the weight beside him, he turned and immediately felt all the color drain from his face at the sight of his lover beside him. "Steve, how did you-" The sentence stopped short as his hands ran down the blonde's chest. The sensation was painfully familiar, but it wasn't right. Tony's expression hardened as he slowly realized something was wrong, his hands withdrawing as he pushed himself away, gasping softly as his back contacted the wall that the bed was pushed against. "Loki." He stared at the illusion, wishing desperately that it was real for multiple reasons.
The archer took a shuddering gasp, trying to calm himself as Darien rammed Clint's throbbing shaft down his throat like he was starving for it. "Fuck!" he gasped, his knees shaking as he fought to hold himself up. It was rare he got someone so willing to do just as he asked, who didn't chicken out the first time Clint demanded something unusual from them. "Fuck, your throat... feels so good..." he breathed, already feeling close to the edge.
Tony said something into Steve's neck that was probably an objection to the idea, but otherwise stayed put. His ringtone for Fury - the Imperial March - resulted in another sound of protest before he finally reached down to rummage around and find his cell. He flipped it open on video - hoping to at least irritate Fury in return for interrupting his "moment" - and frowned into the camera. "Don't you do normal human things? Like sleep?"
"Whatever. Friends give friends a heads up about that kind of thing. If I knew I'd tell you. In case. Theoretically," Natasha agreed in the same mild tone as before. She stretched her legs out and set her empty can of soda aside. Leveling Clint with a mock serious stare, Nat put a hand on his knee. "You do know I wasn't a virgin when we met, right?" Laughing softly, she sat back against the couch and shook her head. "It wasn't a big deal. He was more embarrassed about it than I was. Something about it being unprofessional. It was cute."
For a moment Steve glanced up at Logan, smiling lopsidedly at him, unable to keep from sharing the shaky elation of the moment. He met Tony's gaze in the next heartbeat and held it. With one hand braced against the bed, Steve carefully guided himself toward the other man's twitching hole. The muscle protested, tried to force him out, and then gave all at once. The larger man pushed harder and slowly slid home, inch by agonizingly slow inch, unwilling to rush even for a second. "You feel so good... so good, Tony," Steve murmured as he moved. Finally his cock was fully sheathed inside the other man's body, and Steve paused to let them both catch their breath.
"No hammer," Phil agreed resolutely before suggesting, "but we could check on Natasha." She deserved to know that Loki hadn't gotten what he wanted and that there might soon be help for her. Coulson fought back a surge of jealousy at giving up the rare downtime with Clint. It wasn't his to monopolize. "I'm sure she'd appreciate some company."
"Yeah, sorry, I would've tried for more, but... the stuff you have to do is kind of important." Steve sighed as they walked, wandering through the halls without any definite destination. He spotted a couch set near one of the windows for lounging and dragged Tony over to it. If they went upstairs, he wasn't sure just how focused he could keep Tony - or himself - on their deadline. "I don't want you to think that I don't want the time, though. I really, really do." His fingers locked together with Tony's, and Steve looked down at the strange contrast created by the too-slender fingers that were his again. "Still wrapping my head around the fact that this isn't freaking you out more."
Clint could feel his peak nearing and was so focused on Darien's hot mouth wrapped around him that he almost didn't notice Alan, the other observer, approaching from his position leaning against the wall.
It was the last response Tony had expected, but he hesitated only a moment before wrapping his arms around Steve. He felt a little odd, holding someone so much bigger against him and trying to offer comfort, but that was well overridden by his own wave of relief. Steve didn't hate him. Well, he hadn't said as much, but the fact that the man was crying against his chest rather than running away or breaking his nose said enough. "It's okay, baby," he murmured, unsure of what else to say. "It... I'm here, and you're all I want."
"Okay, for starters, Liberace... First time we've met. Second thing, you're a little crazier than they warned me about if you think I'm volunteerin' someone to join me. And third," he popped his claws, "you didn't do yer homework." The feral mutant swiped the blades at the bars to the cage, fully expecting them to go through it like it was nothing. A sharp blast of blue light and a pained howl filled the room as Logan was thrown violently back against the rear wall of the cell. He shook his head as he caught the brief scent of burning meat, //That's me,// and shoved himself unsteadily back up to his feet. He glared at the god, teeth clenched as he fought back stupid rage that'd likely just get him cooked even more.
"Only a few? Now I know you're not up to the challenge,” Natasha answered sweetly. “Besides, being on top is something you earn."
It was a simple enough question with an unfortunately complicated answer. “We can absolutely see about a replacement.” Coulson hesitated and then finally admitted, “The man who can do the best job in making sure it’s something you’re comfortable using is Tony Stark. He isn’t our only option,” the man hurried to assure, “but he’s the best. I’ll put the word out to some of SHIELD’s people to start working on some options. I’d suggest having people sign it like a cast in the meantime, but given the collective maturity level around here, I think that might result in more inappropriate Sharpie drawings than you’d really like.”
Steve watched intently as Tony's tongue slid over his cock. The man was living pornography - and not just because he could curse with the best of them. No matter what he did or where he was, Tony Stark knew how to put on a show. Steve swallowed hard as Tony stared back just as intently. There were moments where Steve was willing to admit that losing all fear of being seen naked was probably the best thing the serum had ever done for him. Saving the world was great. Inhibition-free sex was at the very least a close second. "Just like that," he whispered absently, "but I'm thinking you can probably take a little more."
Logan eventually gave up his attempts to signal Steve to lie like his life depended on it and suppressed a sigh. //If we're gonna work together, he's *got* to learn t' read me better,// he thought.
The X-Men had trained, of course, but Scott was finding it interesting to see just how different the word was for SHIELD agents. They were real, honest to god spies. Natasha was like a Bond chick without the stupidity or inability to keep her clothes on. He was fairly certain she would murder him if she had any idea he'd thought that. There are perks to not having telepaths around. "So how did you guys end up here?"
Tony nodded. "Romanov, Barton, Coulson? Do the creepy spy through the ventilation shafts thing. The rest of is are taking the front door."
Clint's blue eyes went from hooded by fatigue to being hooded from arousal. He opened his mouth to take a too-deep breath and shifted a little, humming his approval. "That's not fair," he protested, fighting to keep the thickness from his voice. His ears were sensitive. Ridiculously so. Virtually any protest or train of thought could be interrupted by just a little attention in that area. "Okay, if you keep kissing me there, there's a good chance I might dry hump your leg until I cum, whether you want it or not," he breathed as goosebumps erupted on his forearm. Leaning up so that he could press his lips to Phil's throat, he whispered, "I'll talk." He smirked faintly, running his hand down Phil's chest. "I'm guessing you saw in your surveillance that I never bottomed." He thought of Nat. "For guys." He tilted Phil's face towards his own and pressed their lips together. "Truth is, I like to bottom sometimes. But only when I know and trust someone," he said softly.
Steve lingered for a second more before he peeled himself away to fall into step with Clint and Coulson instead. He was blushing faintly but looked happy enough that - if he hadn't deserved every bit of happy he could get - might have seemed utterly inappropriate. As it was, Coulson found himself smiling in response to the buzzing undercurrent of warmth. It was like getting a contact high. At the last checkpoint, Clint got his wrists released at last, and Coulson politely thanked the agent who freed him for the help even though he was still pissed as hell that Clint had been subjected to the treatment to start with. That was his own business. No one else needed to know how many ways he'd pictured torturing Loki in his head over the course of the morning. It was a personal issue. "So... things are good with Tony?" he ventured, uncertain whether it was appropriate to bring it up but unable to resist given that it was the elephant in the room.
"Sleep sounds like heaven," Simmons agreed with a happy sigh. She noticed that Tony was already drifting away and smiled a little sadly. She hoped there ended up being absolutely no need for the hurry. "Sweet dreams!" she called out to his retreating back.
Tony smiled, twisting his wrist loose just to catch Steve's and pull him in for another quick kiss. "Then it's a deal," he decided, "No breaking." Tony made sure to throw some bacon in a skillet to begin slowly sizzling as he gathered materials for the pancakes. He had to remind himself that he didn't have to cook for six people; Steve likely wouldn't need as much as even Tony did. "You better make that coffee good and strong. Phil went to the wrong coffee place, so I didn't get the good stuff this morning. He's a terrible babysitter."
Steve arched an eyebrow. “I’m going to try really hard not to be offended, but it almost seems like you just came close to implying that I would ever be ‘most people.” He stared hard at the other man and then gave Bucky’s hand a squeeze, his expression fading into a broad, warm smile. “I’m here for you, and I’m not the only one.” Now that he understood the reticence of the rest of the Avengers to even attempt to know Bucky, Steve wondered whether it was a wall they’d ever be able to climb. He wanted his best friend back. They wanted to punish the man who’d hurt Tony. Steve couldn’t say that he didn’t want that too, he just knew, knew to the very bottom of his heart, that Bucy wasn’t responsible. He was a victim too. “Give it time.”
"Oh, we'll have this all sorted in no time at all," Simmons assured with more confidence than she felt. Her phone buzzed, and she looked suddenly terrified. "Director Fury would like to have a progress meeting later this afternoon with all of us."
Tony grinned, stripping down to a pair of boxer briefs and following. He took a moment to stare at the creature he'd have easily believed was as much of a god as Thor before pouncing on the blonde. Fingers shaking with excitement-and perhaps a little disbelief-tangled in soft blonde locks as Tony pressed his lips to Steve's. His tongue danced eagerly against the other man's, darting over every plane and tasting every crevice.
Again, Bucky glanced away. He didn't like how easily this Agent Coulson could make him see how wrong his ideas were. Still, Bucky very much doubted that Steve would mind his absence. "Honestly? I don't know," he answered softly. "Steve's got... other things he's focused on." And it was Bucky's own fault for encouraging his best friend to pursue Tony Stark. He gave a slight shake of his head as if to clear his thoughts. "How long will I have to be in here?" he asked, glancing around the room with a mixture of uncertainty and apprehension.
Steve took everything without a second's protest. He actually enjoyed giving head. It was intimate and deliberate in a way just sex didn't always manage to be. Besides that he always enjoyed the opportunity to watch a lover come undone, and that had never been more true than it was looking up at Tony. It wasn't the right moment for talking or thinking, but Steve couldn't suppress the thought that he wanted to see a lot more of this.
"Your queen requests passage to the throne room. Stand aside," Sif announced, her dark eyes challenging any of the men to protest the words.
"Ms. Potts is waiting in Mr. Stark's suite. She was rather overcome with the news, and I believe she wishes to see for herself that this isn't, as she put it, 'some screwed up joke.' I naturally assured her otherwise."
"And here I thought I looked great for my age," Steve muttered, though he nodded. Maybe knowing who he was and where he came from would make some headway to Logan not looking at him like he was the enemy. "Tony mentioned that his father Howard helped in the creation of the serum that made me look like this, gave me enhanced metabolism and reflexes, all that. What he didn't mention is that Howard did it during World War II. I'd been rejected from service, uh, a few times. I was too small, I had asthma, I was everything nobody wanted in a soldier except that I wanted to be there. I wanted to serve my country. I wanted to do my part. Eventually somebody helped me along on the condition that I help them too. So, yeah, I agreed to be a guinea pig, and I don't regret it. The only problem is I ended the war presumed dead and frozen in a block of ice. I didn't get thawed until last year, so I'm still getting used to things."
"Well, maybe he is. Just... y'know...spells. Magic. Shit that doesn't exist," Logan replied. He hadn't expected Thor to be quite so... big.
Silence stretched out longer and longer as they all zoned into their respective tasks. "Oh! Oh!" Fitz tapped excitedly at his keyboard and sent what he'd done over to Tony's screen. "That should get the nanobots working at least twice as fast. They'd be able to... well..." He deflated slightly. "Well, you'd still die, but it wouldn't be as fast."
Loki bit the inside of his cheek to keep from breaking the moment before Creed could decide. The man was impulsive but rarely as stupid as he seemed.
"Not immune... though I'm working on it. For the record, though, I mostly just find it hard not to indulge you." Steve shifted to lie on his side with his fingers still curling against Tony's abdomen just above his new stitches. "I really like it when you're happy. Sometimes it feels like you don't get the chance to be often enough, and when you're smiling, it's really hard to do anything that might make you stop."
He took a few steps toward Loki, determined to make sure the other two men didn't get caught up in the gun's effects. His faceplate melted away so that he could look Loki in the eyes even as his own dark brown hues seemed to fade a little. "We've had enough of your shit, Loki," he rasped, willing the repulsor to fire. Something excruciating seemed to arc directly through him right before the blast slammed into the god, and Tony heard a scream, realizing as he collapsed to the ground that it was his own. He couldn't see, could barely hear what was going on around him. He could practically feel his heart slowing. Knowing Steve was listening, he murmured softly, "Love you..."
Scott's gaze snapped up at the words. It would make sense with Loki's cryptic comments, but he was stunned at the idea that Logan had been told something that huge and hadn't mentioned it. "That didn't seem important?" He didn't bother to hide his annoyance. If having fights or disagreeing on methodology would keep them from being together, they would never have gotten together to start with. "Logan, Jesus... if he really..." Scott's mind whirled. He wondered if SHIELD had a safe place where he could test the theory. The reality that he might finally be free crashed down on him with shocking force. The idea of never needing the glasses again but not having to hide away from the light, of being free to live however he wanted... Scott leaned back against the wall of the shower to catch his breath.
Trembling fingers extended to touch the offered hand, and Tony shivered. It felt like his lover. He shifted closer, looking into those perfect blue eyes. Tony didn't have to work too hard to forget that it wasn't the man he'd confessed his love to. "Steve... love you, baby," he whispered, his voice trembling a little as he leaned in for a kiss.
"What's the soup of the day?" Tony wanted to know as he cast about for a pair of pants. //Funny, could've sworn I was wearing those last I looked.// "Vodka? Sherry? Hair of the dog that bit me?" He glanced at Logan.
"Yes, ma'am," Steve agreed, pleased to be peeling the layers off even if it took him at least five times the amount of time and effort it usually took Tony. He was sweaty and tired but thrilled to be free of the casing. It was odd to see changes in his own body over so short a period of time and not slightly off-putting. "Make sure Tony's okay first." Watching Tony move and walk and talk was a hell of a gift, one he hadn't thought he'd be lucky enough to receive. His gaze only left the man when it had to.
"Once you get used to it, it's all pretty boring." She didn't miss the tension ratcheting up in the room, but she didn't acknowledge it either. It would go away or it wouldn't. Talking about it wouldn't necessarily help. The past couldn't be changed, just survived. "There's lies and people getting shot and people switching sides." She waved a hand and shrugged. "Nothing worth losing sleep over. Not anymore."
"I'm shocked," Natasha answered in the same tone someone might use when observing that water was wet. She was happy to be back in her own room even if she put very little in it apart from what she needed. It wasn't personal. There were few touches in it that identified it as belonging to anyone in particular, but it was always orderly and comfortable. In her room, Natasha felt an uncluttered sort of calm that afforded her a measure of sanity between the chaos of missions. "Pick a movie," she urged Clint, "I'm going to shower. Alone," she added firmly. "I've been wearing the same clothes for almost two days, and it's disgusting."
The bar regulars had all fallen silent, intently watching the scene. Everyone that had been there a time or two knew better than to mess with Clint or anyone he brought with him. But there were always tourists.
"Hey, we had a deal, right?" Tony reminded him. "You'll find that I always keep my promises." He purposefully brushed against Steve as he leaned over and pushed a hand down onto the bed. "Nice and comfy," he said, grinning up at the other man. "I don't have many guests, but all the bedrooms have the same kind of mattresses I like to sleep on. Designed by myself, of course."
Clint nodded warily, but he'd made a point to grab his bow, and he kept it ready. He knew Scott's abilities could tear him in half, and he couldn't help but feel like he deserved it. He escorted the man to the cell block, then hesitated before putting him in a cell. "Uh..." He was pretty confident the cell wouldn't contain Scott if he used his powers. Clint was about to try and jury rig something when one of the agents in the block handed him what looked like an extremely high-tech blindfold with a locking buckle on the back.
Logan sniffed at the air. Nothing but the city and the loosed zoo animals. //What's a god smell like, anyway?// he wondered to himself, taking Scott's direction. He froze after a few steps. There was an eerie sort of keening hum coming from the west, pitched so high even he could barely hear it. "There's somethin' that way," he said, pointing toward the tiger habitats.
Discussions of trauma (of course), but ultimately a hopeful chapter. Also a callback to the one shot "A Funny Thing Happened on the Way to Thor's Hammer" because I love it.
Steve considered telling Bucky a bit more about what had happened but decided against it just as fast. Bucky didn’t need to know how bad it had been, not until he was back on his feet. Then they could rehash the whole thing. “Right now maybe that’s for the best. We don’t know what you’ve been through. We assume that Hydra’s had you since you fell and... that’s a long time.” The thought of it made Steve swallow hard to clear a catch from his voice before speaking again. “I’m just happy that you’re here and in one piece and Tony is too. We’ll figure out the rest of it later.”
The god seemed to think on it a moment, then tilted his head. "Would that not fuel your rage toward your enemy and make you that much more mighty?"
"Creepy. Upside is that by comparison Stark looks pretty well adjusted." He was enjoying the companionable warmth of Clint against his side. It seemed like a shame to move. Reluctantly Phil rose from the seat and stretched. "We should do this again sometime when the world isn't ending." Realizing belatedly that it sounded a lot like he was asking Clint out, he hurried to add, "With the team, I mean."
In the time he spent in the lab, Steve managed to bruise just about everything and split his lip. He breathed a sigh of relief when the bleeding stopped fairly quickly. It was a good sign. "Sir? I have a bit of good news. Agents Barton and Coulson have been retrieved. I've brought up the preliminary report that Agent Coulson submitted."
Clint was pretty sure he was going insane, pretty sure the hammer had done something to him. Tony Stark was telling someone he had feelings for them, and moreover looked a bit like he wanted to cry as he settled defeatedly into his wheelchair. Not to mention, Clint still really wanted to try out the gun, and he knew that wasn't a normal urge, considering what it would do to him. "Coulson," he said, staring hard at the gun and gulping. "If I reach for that thing, hit me on the head with something big. Like Bruce." He edged a little closer to his handler as if doing so might protect him from the impulses.
"You like making me jealous, don't you?" he growled, pressing Darien back against the counter and grinding their hips together. "You keep pushing your luck and I might pretend I forgot just how much mileage I put on your ass and fuck you some more. Right here over the counter." Clint's hands slid under Darien's shirt, roaming possessively over his torso as the archer leaned in for another harsh kiss. "Or maybe I'll just take you back to my room, tie you up, let you think about what you said."
Tony snorted when Steve rolled them around once more and drew Tony in. His arms were holding him tightly to his body, and Tony pillowed his head on Steve’s shoulder.
When Tony grabbed for him, Steve withdrew and got to his feet. "No, none of that. Come on. If they got the antidote, I want this business dealt with as soon as possible."
In the wake of the vision, there was a kind warmth in Steve’s chest, like things were finally as they should be. The kiss lingered, and it felt like coming home. The soft lips against his own were so familiar, so right. He could continue kissing Antonius forever.
Whew, so this is the final chap and also the conclusion of this series, at least for now. I'm not sure when and if an AoU sequel will happen, so I'll tag the series as completed for the time being. Would you guys even be interested in another part?
.” He pulled his hand from Steve’s and instead held his face in both hands. “For me you’re worth it, Steve. Every bit of it. You have to believe that.”
Barnes would be removed from their control and Steve’d likely only see him again at the trial, if there ever was one. And then, he would be put in some cell, never to resurface and everything Steve had fought for would have been for nothing. Rationally, Tony knew that it would be for the best. It was safer for Steve and the rest of the team. And yet he couldn’t let it happen, couldn’t have them get their hands on Barnes.
Ugh, he was feeling sticky in very unpleasant ways. Still, it was worth it. After last night, there was nothing he needed so much as Steve’s body against his, his breath all around him, his lips on Tony’s skin.
“God, but he’s a beauty,” Pepper said from where she was hovering close to Tony, and soon after, everyone from the team was standing in a circle around the two. Through it all, Tony’s eyes never left Ian, only when he sensed Steve’s gaze, he glanced up, and smiled at him.
“No, still at home,” Natasha replied. “Thor’s still in Asgard, no word from him. I alerted Bruce, Sam, Vision, Wanda and Pietro.”
“Alright?” Tony asked with a slightly strangled sounding voice, as he cautiously pulled his finger out to start a slow rhythm.
“Fair enough.” Tony scratched the back of his head. “I, uh, actually thought about turning one of Howard’s old warehouses into a new training facility. There’s one just outside of New York. We can use the space, gives everyone a chance to retreat once in a while. And with everything going on right now, I’m not sure how the New Yorkers will deal with yet another bunch of superheroes testing their limits. We should lay low for the time being.”
of all times. Only four months ago he’d kissed Sharon, convinced it was what he wanted, and then Tony had come clean on his breakup with Pepper and then…
“Oh, just kindly shut up, Buck,” Steve shot back, running forward to catch his shield, twirling it around and bringing it down on the helmet of yet another agent.
, but you know what, Barnes? Other people had a shitty life, too. We’re all broken in some way or the other. Clint was mind-controlled, and forced to kill dozens of his colleagues. Bruce lost every single thing he ever loved—his girl, his family, his career,
She sighed, and continued to stare out onto the darkened lawn. “There was a situation during your last cryo. I was on a mission in Abidjan, made a wrong move. They could’ve killed me, but—they didn’t. They offered me an out.”
Tony smiled at him warmly as Steve came back ten minutes later. On his way, Steve turned off the RV’s headlamps and lay back down next to Tony. They were pressed against each other, knee-to-knee, head-to-head, breathing the same slow breaths.
Steve nodded and sat back in his chair. And Tony had likely never seen him this unraveled. “I… I didn’t put two and two together right away,” he started saying. “I mean, I knew the Winter Soldier killed Howard—and your ma—, and afterwards, I realized Bucky was the Winter Soldier… but it took a few days for it to sink in. That
"Oh my God," Steve exclaimed on a laugh, wrapping his arms around Tony's waist. "Definitely none of that. Use my actual name. That'll work just fine." He tightened his hold on Tony for a moment, burying his face in Tony's hair.
“You. I need you,” Steve swore ardently, pulling Tony closer. His now free hand settled at Tony’s boxers, pulling them down over his ass in one go.
Steve let out a little breath and sagged back on the grass, his arm still cradling Tony’s head. “Yeah. You?”
him. Knew how good of a man Tony was and of course he wouldn’t use Steve like this. He liked Steve. Even if he didn’t love him like Indries—he cared for him.
. And from what the director of that SHIELD organization had told him, he’d fallen into the ice at 1945. When he’d last seen Tony, he’d said it was 1996.
Steve was still hunched over, face pressed into both hands. Only when Tony shifted on the bed, he did look up.
The thought of Peggy sitting down with a five-year-old and too smart for his own good Tony and knowing exactly how to handle him had Steve grin. “She had her ways,” he agreed and once again let his fingers entwine with Tony’s. Only then, he realized that Tony’s eyes had watered. His face was one vast well of grief as he shut them tight.
He sat next to Steve on the sofa, staring out to onto the landscape that flew past the big windows. Steve didn’t know what had happened, their night had been wonderful. And he knew that Tony thought so, too.
The past three weeks had sucked beyond the telling of it. It was amazing how quickly his excitement about the road trip had crumbled without preliminaries. For weeks, he had been ecstatic, lost in his happiness of finally witnessing this magical, monumental thing Jarvis had always—
seventeen, and that meant he had certain cravings. Cravings so prominent Tony was certain he would explode with frustration if he sat at home for one more hour, thinking about how great Steve had tasted and how hot his muscled arms had felt around him. Thinking about Dream-Steve seducing him, undressing him, thrusting inside him. Saying Tony’s name as he came and—
“If we do this, there’s no going back,” he told the others, after a first greeting, then turned to Scott. “We’re outside the law on this one. So, if you come with us, you’re a wanted man.”
Tony grinned, suddenly all lewd and unashamed. “Yeah, that. Feel free to use as much lube as you can.”
Tony’s flaws. He’d made a study of them when Tony’d been his mission subject, and now, in love with him as he was, Steve knew his quirks intimately. And he loved him for them. They made Tony real—made him human, despite the fact that with Extremis, he was so much more now, too. The way he—genius brain notwithstanding—still acted on emotion rather than thought, even if he refused to admit it. The way his nose scrunched up when he realized a mistake. The way his eyes were slightly pinched when he felt a bit too almighty. Tony was brilliant, clever, and so full of flaws that it made Steve realize why loving someone had never truly been real before him.
“Hey, Rogers.” Nat’s voice pulled him out of his thoughts, and Steve hastily brushed the hands over his cheeks, cleaning the evidence of his tears.
Steve hung back, staring at the wide open door. He couldn't see Tony from where he was standing but knew he must be in there. It took a moment before he made himself move, taking a step forward. "Tony?"
“Been a while,” he said quietly as he sat down at the piano, opening the lid. “You’re the first I’m playing for in about twenty years. Hope you’re happy.”
Letting out a sigh that seemed to come from his toes, Tony stepped back and checked the wounds on his chest and arms. They had already scabbed over. Still tender, but nothing to write home about in the pain department. He could probably do without a bandage, except that it could start bleeding again if it got scraped.
in his head was far far worse. “The LOC is functional, and so are the neutral nets and all of the databases. And since I scratched the damn speech generator, I don’t see why it’s not working.”
“Every brunt force needs someone to point it in the right direction,” Steve said simply. Then, he started to tap the fork in his hand against the discarded plate in front of him, pinging it with growing force each time it hit the edge of the plate. It was a little nervous tick of his, one Tony found endlessly endearing.
. “I miss being a part of this. I did before, but now that we are… whatever we are… I want to be part of your life, and I… wish I wouldn’t have just thrown in the towel.”
Tony was still busy carefully tilting Ian around until he’d ensured he truly wasn’t hurt. Then, he looked up at Bucky. “When was your last flashback?”
It was then that Steve’s phone buzzed faintly, and with an irritated shake of the head, he reached down to look at it.
“Turkeys are ready when the thickest part of the thigh reaches about one hundred and eighty degrees,” Bruce said.
The effect was immediate. Tony’s body went rigid, before he started to tremble, murmurs of distress rising involuntarily from his throat. While his will ripped free of Ultron’s hold, strength and consciousness both seemed to abandon him at once as he slumped into Steve’s hold. His black eyes were staring into space, not seeing anything. His lips fell open on an agonized cry, and his limbs went stiff as the blackness consumed him wholly.
Pain swarmed behind Steve’s eyes; pain and bone-deep guilt. He knew it well enough to identify it anywhere. It was then he noticed Steve was trembling.
Bracing himself, Steve moved to open the door, and then he was looking at Tony. And Tony was looking back.
Tony was about to stand up and make his presence known, ask what the hell was going on here, but Steve had already turned around and walked across the hallway. The next second, he slipped into the bathroom and a moment later, the shower faucet came on.
Steve lubed himself, and when he was poised at his entrance, he paused one last time, before he carefully shoved inside. And when he was settled within him, Tony’s body came alive in ways that were so familiar by now but alien all the same. His cry of pleasure was swallowed by Steve’s insistent mouth. He held still for a minute and Tony felt him tremble above him. For control, for release, for anything, Tony didn’t know.
To emphasize his words, Tony slid his hand up and down Steve’s erection, while he rubbed his own middle against his thigh. Steve pushed back involuntarily, arching against him, and felt him hardening even further. His hands slipped under Tony, pulling him up just a little as he finally dragged his briefs down.
Natasha heaved a small sigh and leaned back against the wall, glancing up at him. “I know,” she said, and after a moment, “I’m sorry.”
would be here!" Steve shouted back. He hadn't meant to, but Tony's crass, almost intentional overlooking of the reason the building finally gave way was driving him out of his mind. "Your suit is too massive! And you might not even have survived the collapse! I could’ve come in, do a quick sweep and come back out without ever disrupting what little structural integrity this building had left!"
Steve pulled back. “I promised you,” he said, thumbs still rubbing comforting circles on his cheeks. For some reason, it made a cold shiver run up Tony’s spine. “I’m not leavin’. I meant that.”
“I must be,” Tony conceded on a chuckle, tugging Steve’s head down to kiss him again. “Otherwise our little appointment next month would be kinda pointless, don’t you think?”
Tony sighed, obediently buckling himself in. He could practically see the dollar signs in Obi’s eyes. Could see the dozens new weapons schematics he was going to want from him asap. Could see himself sitting in some lab, with a bunch of assistants he’d boss around… could see himself getting indifferent to the pains and horrors his inventions would cause…
“Better get cleaned up,” he said softly, kissing Steve’s forehead again, then his cheek. When Steve reluctantly let go of him, Tony carefully rolled off and grabbed for the handkerchiefs. They cleaned themselves up, before Tony settled in at Steve’s side once again. His head rested on Steve’s shoulder, both arms and legs wrapped around each other.
, whatever. I never have been. I never managed to give Pepper what she needed.” He smiled wryly. “And that really does a number on your self-confidence, okay? The supposedly great love of my life didn’t want to be with me. I just don’t think I’m fit to love. Or how to keep the good things in my life from falling apart.” A sigh shuddered through him. “And somehow, the fact that Steve might want to be with me scares me more than all the shit that happened between us. And even so, I never thought it’d be… I never thought it would be
Fully prepared to lower the two of them to the kitchen floor and let Steve have his way with him right then and there, guests be damned, Tony’s eyes opened wide when Steve abruptly stopped his teasing and pulled back. “Hey!”
“This is where it ends, Captain,” Tony told Steve with equanimity. “The plan will be completed, and humanity will be no more.”
Tony’s face twisted in annoyance. “It would’ve withstood a l-lot, but this is r-ridiculous.” As he spoke, white clouds left his mouth and he was shivering with the cold. “We sh-should’ve s-set up camp in the r-ruins.”
“Oh, he’ll be alright. Tony will—” Steve stopped, glancing at Tony briefly, then broke off. “I mean… I’m sure the team will treat him well,” he amended lamely.
The agents looked at each other, then nodded. “Alright,” Agent Barton said. “Obviously, we don’t want to trouble him more than is necessary. We all want this to be over with as soon as possible.”
However, when he looked up to meet Tony’s gaze, he didn’t see the lust-addled expression he’d hoped to find there. Instead Tony frowned at him, suddenly unsure.
There was a humming sound, then Clint picked Lila up, a small squeal filling the air, as he held her with her upper body all but slung over his shoulder. “How about we go upstairs and you tell me all about Tasha’s wedding, guest list, cake choice, music, flower arrangement, don’t leave any detail out.”
—how long had it been already? A full minute at the very least. He should be calling for help, have Bruce come down here, or maybe Natasha, he should—
it,” Tony said, not quite angered, but Steve could hear the sharp undertone in his voice—the frustration. “Sokovia was on me, Steve. Lagos on Wanda. There’s no need to beat around the bush. And you
“I do,” Steve whispered and crushed Tony to him so tightly that he felt their bones might fuse together any moment.
“Look, I know it’s a bit hard to visualize all of this from a schematic alone, but… uh… I really think you might like it.”
Next to Wanda, Vision leaned down a bit to talk to her directly. “I believe it was the combination of decades of idolization, some lifelong complexes, mutual attraction and, eventually, the help of some good friends.” He looked up at Natasha, raising an eyebrow in question.
Steve stared at Tony, taken aback by those strong words. They’d been tiptoeing around the issue for months, long before Ian’s birth. They had meetings with new institutions like the ATCU, meeting Phil and his agents, debating on how they were going to handle new task forces like the Watchdogs that had decided to keep the enhanced humans in check, no matter the costs.
“What about you?” Steve asked. “I haven’t seen you all evening. You haven’t been courting the ladies in some dark recess, have you?” He said it lightly enough, but there was a trace of jealousy in his tone as well.
Steve looked over his shoulder, his face blank. It made Tony’s smile falter; it made his eyes cloud. He bit his lower lip. “Don’t feel guilty because you live.”
Had Indries been immortalized in a portrait? He imagined her beauty, the elegant poise, the delicate features. The woman who held Tony’s heart must’ve been magnificent, eyes flaring with life, and a smile to take your breath away.
Tony sighed deeply, even as he stepped forward to help the robot out of its misery. And Steve smiled when he saw him petting the claw fondly.
He would never forgive himself if he did not say goodbye, but he was also horribly nervous as to how Tony would react to his sudden departure. Would he be secretly glad to be rid of him?
“You watched me,” Tony clarified as he leaned up, his face provokingly close to Steve’s. When he spoke, his breath reeked of alcohol. “I saw your reflection in the water.”
At Tony’s side, people looked at him differently. They asked for his opinion, they wanted to please him. There were no duties anymore. There was nothing but safety and a thousand new experiences each day. And Tony—
“Bucky and Sam are investigating the crime scene—I told them they have to keep it low-key as much as possible. Clean up any evidence of, well, you know, but I’m sure they’ll have some questions.”
The next day, Tony was making a weary trek through the empty hotel suite. There wasn’t a chance he could get any sleep like this. Part of him had been hoping for Steve to come with him to Washington, but he didn’t seem able to just leave Barnes’ side, and Tony wasn’t going to put him on the spot by asking.
He could only remember Steve being down two… maybe three times. Basically whenever Tony had to do test runs on his newest uniform. Otherwise, Steve simply didn’t come down to the shop.
So far the evening was great. Tony was such a brilliant man that Steve could barely take his eyes off him. Every little gesture he made was so effortlessly elegant that Steve felt himself falling even more in love with him.
“Did he just—” Steve started incoherently. One of his hands was still tightly curled around Tony’s cock, and Tony had been deliciously grinding his hip down against Steve’s erection, and that was admittedly making it a bit difficult to form a decent thought. On the next beat, Steve gave off an
years old, and I—” He heaved a big breath. “I’m a broken man who lived too hard and loved too little and here I sit, and if my mind isn’t playing tricks on me, Captain America might have a bit of a thing for me anyway. So obviously—stranger things do happen, and, in comparison, going camping with you… doesn’t sound so strange at all.”
All of them turned around abruptly and saw him. Tony’s eyes widened as he took him in. “Steve?” he asked, his voice a bit shrill.
“Sounds good,” he said, catching Steve around the waist with one arm. “If we go early… there’s a nice little hotel on the way back to the facility. Know the owner, they’re very discreet.”
When Tony turned around on the couch, he raised a brow at who he saw standing there in the doorway. And he didn’t know whether to be annoyed or amused when he met the piercing gaze of one James Buchanan Barnes, and thus settled for indifferent.
“We’d been down in your workshop. You’d been tinkering on a suit and you’d talked a mile a minute while you worked. I’m not even sure you were aware what you were saying. You talked about the recent upgrades you’ve made to our gear, about the newest developments on the Iron Legion, but you were also dropping a few hints here and there, about you and Pepper. That she was looking for an apartment in Malibu, or that you were thinking about redecorating the penthouse. You were very casual about all of it, and I wasn’t sure it meant anything, but I remember it was the first time I realized you might be single again and…”
With obviously practiced movements, Tony started to move. He pulled off of Steve and thrust back down again hard, groaning in helpless rapture. Steve thrust back, too, finding Tony’s rhythm and moving with it, shoving into Tony’s ass as best as he could.
“Ah,” Tony said, momentarily flustered. “Well—We can always buy something. Or we make do with what we have, right? We managed pretty well the last time.”
Tony jolted awake with a start. He sat up, staring into the darkened room, and was immediately aware of what had awakened him. There were sounds filling the space, tiny gasps, choked-up moans, and a steady flow of mumbled pleas.
Why would he dream of someone like that? There sure as heck were other troubles on his mind right now.
Tony didn’t let himself be swayed. He continued his movements, and Steve’s cock began a slow slip and slide from his hole, as Tony clenched around him fiercely.
He didn’t know how many minutes passed like that—with Steve marking every inch of his body. His fingers slowly—so slowly—opening him up.
. Seventy-something years and the altruistic tone in Steve’s voice still made all of his defenses crumble. “You’re not making anything hard on me,” he replied sullenly.
“Right.” Sam nodded, and together, they made their way through the chaos. Natasha and Sam stayed well hidden by the cars, while Tony flew across the scene. Sam’s leather jacket flapped as he jumped and spun, shooting two to the ground and landing between them. Natasha whipped out one dagger after another and hurled them with a marksman’s precision. The HYDRA agents gurgled as blood spewed from their necks and in no time, half a dozen had fallen to the ground. The rest of the men turned in their direction and away from Steve, which had been their plan exactly.
Steve took a step closer, and then another, as hope flared deep inside him. “Then why are you fighting this so hard? Is it because you found someone else? I don’t care who you slept with, Tony, I couldn’t expect you to be celibate for two decades, I… I just need to know if your heart’s still mine.”
Steve moaned again. His hands didn’t move for another few moments, before he seemed to lose that battle of will with himself and lifted Tony slightly off of him. He surged into him again, and, true to his words, it didn’t even take a dozen of thrusts before he tensed, and Tony felt him come inside him.
Steve had a point with that, Tony thought as he closed his eyes briefly. It just didn’t change the fact that the Accords would happen no matter what, and they needed to find a way to keep doing their job.
“Can you…” He swallowed, not used to simply voicing his needs like this. Instead, he put a hand on the empty mattress next to him and glanced up at her in question.
Tony must’ve fallen asleep again. Fingers were tracing his cheek, and someone was whispering his name. “Come on, wake up. That can’t be comfortable.”
With a soft moan, Tony tangled his fingers in Steve’s hair and captured his mouth with his own. His hips bucked forward, basically pressing his erection into Steve’s hand and grinding against it.
“I want to keep you,” Tony said and Steve threw his head back and moaned when Tony’s lips pressed a series of hot, wet kisses down his throat.
“Come sit down with me.” Tony waved him over to the research table. He picked up the sandwich, noting it was his favorite, before he took a huge bite. “Eat,” he said, and when Vision didn’t make any move, he rolled his eyes. “Listen, buddy, I’m not the guy to needle anyone about their daily routines, that’s Steve’s job, but you can’t let this drag you down.”
Phil cleared his throat from where he stood at the exit. “The plane’s ready,” he told them quietly. “We’re waiting outside... and we can’t stay long. I’m sorry.”
“Because if you really thought things were hopeless… if you’d really stopped caring about him like you say… you wouldn’t still be wearing the dog tags he gave you.”
Tony ran a hand through his hair. Right. He probably hadn’t been all that subtle. “Listen… Steve. I know things have been weird lately, but I’m really trying to get things right with the team.”
Bucky hadn’t realized he was holding his breath until the weight on his chest lifted in splendid reprieve. “I… You shouldn’t have to remember this every time you see me. I don’t want to be a burden.”
His voice was raw, nearly torn, and tears flooded over his eyes. He let himself cry, uncaring if Natalia comforted him or not. Forgave him or not. Killed him or not. She had always been his way to peace, one way or another.
“Steve,” Tony said. A long, tortured groan tore through the air. Tony’s eyes fluttered shut. “I’m a jerk,” he murmured. “I’m such a jerk. Your first time shouldn’t have… but Christ, why the hell do I even
They were all screaming in pain. There was a vacuum of nothing around them, dragging the world down with it. The black cloud, he recognized, was the fiery smoke, and it was upon them. It had swallowed the world whole and it wanted them, too. And for a second—a fractured second—the adrenalin within Steve switched off and everything became very still.
Steve sighed. “We… need a break to get back on track. No sense in barging in unprepared right now. We have to regroup, clean up a bit, grab a few hours of sleep. If Thor hasn’t returned by morning, we’ll make our move without him.”
Tony peered out of the windshield as the RV rolled towards the parking lot right in front of the mansion’s entrance. It was already dark outside, and the sun had just set. The Graham mansion was nestled comfortably away from metropolitan influence while obviously still enjoying a respectful influx of seasonal tourism.
Steve huffed, and Tony shrugged. “Just saying.” He cleared his throat. “You could do both, that’s… you know, making the prep a bit easier.”
“Are you planning to give them all their own floor? I know we have space, but it’s getting crowded.”
Steve just stared at Bucky with a furrowed brow. Something in his piercing blue eyes told him that this pain wasn’t his own. Bucky always had a way of knowing all about Steve’s feelings well before he was able to decipher them. And the pain in his features right now—that was all Steve’s.
Bucky didn’t let it show. He smiled at him. “I’ll tell your nanny to give him some extra cuddles, sure.”
“If it’s my life against many, it always has to be them, Tony. Promise me. We can’t… I’d do anything, Tony.
about you. How much I hated myself for not taking chances when they should’ve been taken. For treating you the way I did back then. For not telling you about your parents. It wasn’t fair. I know.“ He paused briefly, gathering his words. “I also know we can be difficult. Especially together. But… Tony… I’m ready to face those difficulties. Even when I was in the future—even when everything was as perfect as it could possibly be, even when I had a version of you who loved me, I still missed
“I can’t do this officially, but I’ll let you get to that Quinjet. You gotta do it alone, or Ross will cut us off for good. Leave the others behind. I’ll come after you with reinforcements.”
As on instinct, Tony flinched and raised his hands in defense. Except—this wasn’t the Steve from Siberia, the one with blood on his face, his shield raised high, and widened, hurt eyes. This Steve was only sporting pajamas and a very worried expression.
JARVIS was flashing him a notification that everything was already prepared and Tony forwarded it to all of his teammates:
At first bite of the scrambled eggs, an approving and decidedly obscene sound left Tony’s lips. “Strong, handsome,
“Barnes would have been eliminated in Vienna if it wasn’t for Rogers. There are dead people who would be alive now if you hadn’t kept us from bringing Barnes in before it was too late. Feel free to check my math.”
When Tony tried to leave quietly, Steve immediately followed. The others cast him strange looks, but he ignored them. He couldn’t—no matter what would happen now, he couldn’t just let Tony go. Not after everything. Just outside of the workshop, he caught up to him, stopping him with a hand on his arm.
“We’ve been together for almost three years now. Are you still happy? Crazy murder robots aside, I know I work too much, and I know Extremis bothers you, and I just… can’t stop wondering if you still want this.”
At last, he brought the pencil to the paper and scribbled a few soft lines. Then, he filled the area in between with slow, measured strokes.
Most of his adult life, Steve hadn’t known what to expect from his first time. The idea of a romantic, physical love had remained something he craved but never thought to touch. Now with the head of his cock slipping inside Tony’s heat as he panted hard against his chest, every previous notion, every careless thought he’d ever assigned to lovemaking was washed away.
He’d known it wouldn’t be easy, even if he hadn’t wanted to consider that Bucky might not remember him at all. Seeing him again without the mask was the best and worst of all things. He’d known it was a possibility that Bucky would fight him to the end, feared its reality and hoped Bucky would have the strength to shatter the monstrosity of his own hell. But how could he, after waiting decades for rescue that hadn’t come? How could he or anyone expect him to remember anything when, in his world, he’d been alone and waiting longer than he or anyone could imagine?
“Of losing you,” she said, scoffing as if that was the dumbest question she’d ever heard. “That’s what scared him the most.”
“I never told you,” he told Tony quietly. “About the night you arrived here, the day before we left for Sokovia, did I?”
Steve spent the next day driving to Washington. In the evening, they had their first of many test runs for the big USO opening and it left him with a hollow ache in his chest. The whole thing was awkward, and he was too tense, only barely managing to read his text from where he had pinned it to the brass-shield he’d been carrying.
just up in the air above them. Steve spotted Sam, hovering above them, and pulling out all firepower and directing it at Ultron.
Tony’s tongue slipped between Steve’s lips, and with a long whimper, all of the fight left Steve’s body. There really was no taste in the world that could rival Tony’s. He was pressed intimately against Steve, his erection rubbing against Steve’s pajama-pants, inciting small, involuntary whimpers from his mouth. Steve’s skin was hot all over. His blood rushed with excitement.
Dreams had brought them together, but he wasn’t quite sure yet if Tony wanted this to be a full-time thing.
Hard gasps rocked through the shooter’s chest, as he turned around swiftly. He caught the shield out of thin air, and that was when Steve realized that this was no normal arm. It was made out of silver metal, not unlike Iron Man’s, but thinner, and more human-like. There was a red star on its shoulder plate.
with him as they’d made their way through the hallways. He’d been in his uniform, then, every hair had been in place, every button fastened, every crease crisply starched. Now, he was still wearing his uniform, but he looked as though a truck had hit him, his shoulders slouched and tired. His eyes looked weary, and his hair was a wild tumble.
Apart they had always been strong, but together they would be undefeatable, Tony knew it in his heart. And there was one thing Thanos hadn’t taken into consideration: Life never stopped for death. Death was only the natural conclusion to life, despite how it came to pass. And at the end of the day, the universe would still be there—and life would be made anew.
While Natasha waved Steve off, and Maria made some side comment on Steve calling them ‘ladies’, Tony fell quiet, wondering how much Steve had heard of what he’d said to Rhodey. As far as Steve knew, no one was aware of their plans yet, and Tony knew he wanted to keep it that way.
“Uhm… I've never actually been here myself,” he said as the three of them stepped out of the elevator, “but my assistant told me each suite has pajamas and toothbrushes and all that, so… feel free to make use of anything you find in there.”
Tony huffed sardonically as he stood up as well. “Excuse me, but what part of ‘flying suit of armor’ didn’t you understand, exactly? I just needed to get in, scan the damned basement—which was empty, by the way—and fly out again. Easy. If you hadn’t trailed after me, neither of us would be here now.”
Tony pushed himself up onto an elbow. He was apparently not in the workshop, but instead lying on his bed in the tower. Outside, the New York skyline looked amazingly normal. No fires, no explosions, no screams of endless torment, no broken skyscrapers.
,” he mused darkly. “What a surprise, indeed. You want to know who just came back online, Captain? I think you might know him.”
Sitting down on the end of their bed, he helped Ian into his panties, then dropped the rest over his head and buttoned it up in the back. “There now,” he said, patting the boy’s little bottom, “all set for bed.”
, mostly you, I thought I was done with it all. Committing to something, especially people. And I was fine with that, and it
Steve ignored him. “Tony, you can help me with the side dishes. Jim, Sam…” He turned around, where Sam and Rhodes were both currently following Ian across the room. Steve smiled. “Yeah, just… keep doing that.”
It had been Indries’ desk, Stane had said. Were the letters hers as well? Surely Stane wouldn’t come in here at night to put them into Steve’s sight, would he? But… as Steve took the letters in his hand, he realized that yes, it were indeed letters someone had written to Indries. Letters she’d seemingly kept in her possession. Steve looked the envelope and sighed. It were letters from Tony.
Steve nodded, though he really didn’t know how he was supposed to deal with all of this. Last night, Tony had all but rocked his foundation. Tony had made him want this. It hadn’t felt like a dream, or a fantasy, though of course—it had to be.
“It’s okay,” Tony assured him with a soft tone, one hand reaching out to tenderly touch his cheek when Steve’s gaze threatened to drift away again. “It’s just me,” he whispered, leaning in to brush a kiss along Steve’s cheek. “I know the thing with Bucky’s still on your mind. You never really talked about it, which is cool, you don't have to, just… I’ll carry yours if you carry mine, okay?”
The highway was a gray blanket of endless wet pavement, shimmering with the light of the early morning as they drove towards SI’s office building. Tony didn’t know when it had rained, and either way, he figured it didn’t matter.
There was a slight pause. Pepper exhaled deeply. “Tell me, how was your first impression of Obadiah?”
Lunch? It took a moment for Tony to catch up, then he nodded absentmindedly, eyeing first Barnes then Steve, confirming his suspicions that Steve had shared at least
Steve glanced at the happy young man once more before he lowered the tablet. He had a sickening feeling he already knew where this was going.
A sigh set upon Natasha’s shoulders and she rolled her head back. “Right now, James is a weapon, Steve, and nothing more.”
Tony released him so abruptly that he almost fell. “Then let’s get this party over with. Fast.” As if to solidify his statement, he took a stack of dessert plates out of the cupboard, while Steve finished arranging the little mousse glasses.
It took him a moment to realize Steve meant his future self. Right. Of course Tony’s sudden attraction wouldn’t exactly be big news to Steve. This Steve already knew Tony was head over heels for him.
“Wait,” Tony grunted—not his robotic voice, his real one. His eyes were brown and he panted, obviously exhausted, as he leaned back in the chair.
"When I woke up I was hungover, and parts of the night were missing. I panicked," he said, smiling ruefully at him. "I tried to let you down easy, yes. But I knew right away that it wouldn't sell. I was already… too invested. I wanted to take it back but by then you were already gone."
“And there is for you?” Steve asked, then averted his gaze. “I won’t leave. You’re hurt,” he pointed out.
Tony frowned and turned sideways to inspect the shield currently leaning against his work desk. “I noticed that yours looks a little different,” he mused, brushing a hand over the smooth surface. The vibranium felt somewhat slicker than he remembered it. “What happened with it?”
He tried to get closer to Tony, tried to stay at his side, when one of the men raced to Steve. He had to leap to the side, but the man had already drawn back again and struck, this time managing to slash Steve’s right temple. Blood streamed into his eye, burning and momentarily blinding him on that side.
Steve only barely refrained from rolling his eyes. “Doesn’t have to be about last night. I just meant a normal conversation. About anything you want.”
Strange had the audacity to pet Tony’s shoulder once. “You know, Tony, essentially, we are all inside a moment between moments. We’re able to affect what happens in our reality. In our future. But also in our past.”
“You realize we’ve been rescheduling for about two months now, right?” Tony asked with a tired smile. He put a hand on Steve’s cheek, brushing his thumb along the side. At least in moments like this, Tony was one-hundred percent here, looking at Steve with his beautiful browns, all of his concentration turned on him and nothing else. “I mean… I’m in no hurry. This is a huge step and when I said I would love to take it with you, I didn’t mean to set a deadline. If it happens in a week, or in ten years, it’s all fine with me. I just need to be sure I’m not forcing you into anything…”
Tony looked… He looked awful. It looked like he was ready to collapse right in front of him, or maybe tear down the whole establishment. So much anger and hurt and… disappointment. Steve wasn't sure how to even address it.
“Sure. We’re all living here right now,” Bucky explained. “We wanted to wait for you to decide what to do next.”
What followed was a void of everything. Time was meaningless, and seconds became a tedious pattern of repetition. He wasn’t alive, he wasn’t awake—he was simply… there. In the deafening quiet, Steve couldn’t help but wonder what would have changed if Tony had told him earlier. Or how things might have been had Tony not invaded his dreams at all.
“He will if it’s the better option,” Steve said, pinching his nose. “And I have a feeling that at this point, it might be.”
, he thought, as he drifted higher. Below him, the Kamar-Taj vanished into a swirl of time and space. The vision spun, then drifted away and faded into white. All white now. Tony was floating in glowing light that seemed to go on forever.
Before Steve could stop himself, his feet carried him forward. While he walked, the only thing he was aware was his own thundering heartbeat.
Right now, Tony’d let Steve take him wherever and however he wanted. His body burned with need. All restraint was gone—reservation chucked successfully out the window. Because wallowing in the past never did anyone any good. He’d hurt Steve, Steve’d hurt him, but they were still together. He was still in his arms.
“So you’re talking with Fury while telling me about the…” He paused and shifted awkwardly. “…crinkles on your pants?”
However, one more hour, he’d decided, and then, he would look for Tony himself. He wasn’t the sort of guy to avoid an issue like this.
Steve looked to the side and realized that their arms were touching. Immediately, he felt warmth burning through his body.
A wave of childhood nostalgia washed through him as he remembered sunny afternoons spent with his mother in a Brooklyn playground, back in the days. Back when they were happy, when his father had only drank a beer every other week and his mother never coughed. Back when he and Bucky had been everything each of them had. Back when the future was his alone to decide.
Tony smiled, petting Happy’s shoulder. He took Ian into his arms, gently swaying him from side to side. “Thanks for staying with him.”
Physical pain would have been welcome right now; it would have taken his mind off the aching in his head. And from far back in his memory, he remembered that acting against the rules had always been followed by endless amounts of pain. And now, he found himself cheated out of that half-desired punishment.
For the span of the next day, Steve tried to stay away from Tony as best as he could within the confined space of the RV. He couldn’t think with him around, with his gaze always trailing to Steve like he was waiting for him to say something already.
The tension Tony’d been harboring rolled off his body with a long trembling breath, and he finally relaxed in Steve’s arms. “There wasn’t much you could have done…” he told him quietly. “It’s just really fucking frustrating.”
Grimacing as Steve pushed himself forward, he was relieved to see Pietro sprinting towards Rumlow. He ducked as a fist swiped at him, landing a sharp kick to Rumlow’s ribs. Straightening once more, Pietro was about to hit the man again when Rumlow landed a powerful blow to his jaw, rendering him unconscious as he fell to the ground.
Tony parked the car just around the corner. Walking up to the bar’s entrance. There was light techno buzzing its way into the cold air, and Tony pulled his coat further around himself.
Instead, he closed his eyes and summoned the image of Steve bashfully glancing at him across the dinner table. Steve laughing a full-belly-laugh as he sparred with him. Steve swearing like a sailor over a game of Mario Kart. Steve sitting on the too-small couch in the workshop, a soft smile reaching his lips whenever Tony would turn around to ask him something.
Barnes smiled a little. “I don’t. But I also don’t think either of you realize how much the other has truly suffered. You keep playing it down whenever you see each other, and hiding your pain all the time is just no good… you need to
Tony’s hands fell back to Steve’s hips. He thrust downward, squeezing Steve with all he had, even as his hands trailed under Steve’s uniform top, pinching both nipples.
“God damn it, Steve. I don’t think Ross’ standpoint changed much on the short flight over. You don’t get a say whether or not you’ll have to leave. You stay, you and Bucky will go to
If Steve thought that Scott Lang was a good guy, Tony would hopefully call him a friend one day, too.
It wasn’t until he made it to the kitchen and grabbed for the coffee pot that the first wave of memories hit him. Out of nowhere a doorway opened and every word of last night tumbled out. The night, what had happened—what he had done—everything put on the table for retrospection.
His wounds had disappeared within the first three days after his arrival—all except of the scars marring the skin of his shoulder where the metal arm was sewed into his body.
Tony turned around and cast him a wide, mocking grin. The first thing Steve noticed was that his goatee was as sharp and meticulous as ever, and he definitely still seemed to be tired. “Live here, don’t I?” he said. “My house. Bit messed up, but mine.”
a really good guy. You’ve been one of my closest friends for a whole long time, and for what it’s worth, I think she was interested, too.”
Steve blinked, and Tony told himself firmly not to be offended by the fact that his husband believed him to be capable of letting his best friend die.
"Tell me what you need…" he whispered, though he was still keeping that angle that had Tony all but melt against him. It wouldn't be long, and Steve was fine with that. With the way Tony was all but slumped against him, letting it all happen without any resistance, Steve was ready to reach his climax at any minute, and was holding it back to give Tony a chance to come like this, first.
That worked well, Tony mused. Must’ve been around the same time that Steve had stood next to the bulb. He took that moment to congratulate himself on a job well done, then his head started spinning.
"Did you know," he said then, casually. "That Pratt’s hiring?" The grin he had plastered on his face was telling. Even though he was only at the interview stage, he'd had a good feeling about it when he met the director and some of the staff. Odds were in his favor, he felt.
Tony released an obscenely loud and sort-of-broken mewl as he pressed his face into Steve’s shoulder. At this point, he was just trying to keep up. Every nerve in his body was on fire and the hard slide of Steve’s cock was driving him into a steadily rising madness. He forced his muscles to contract around him, his heart singing at each little moan Steve released in return.
“Uh-uh,” Steve mumbled, but there was still an amused smile on his face he couldn’t hide. He helped Tony to his feet, and produced a pack of tissues from god-knows-where. They cleaned up as best as they could with the barn’s rusty water supply, and as soon as they’d both had their pants back on, Steve drew Tony in again.
Steve’s eyes widened. He didn’t even know what he had expected. But he surely hadn’t thought Stane would just tell him everything like that. And he didn’t know what to answer at all. He was only aware of a burning ache in his chest and heat flaming his cheeks with anger.
“Remember your birthday party?” Rhodey asked. “The one where you drunk-whined about how you were having the hots for Steve instead of telling me you were dying?”
Steve arched a brow, coiling his hands in the lapels of Tony’s tux, pulling him nearer. “Aren’t you a textbook spouse.”
Steve paused, wanting so badly to hug Tony, it was almost physically painful. “Thank you. I—I really appreciate it.”
"Anything you want, Tony," Steve finally said, running his palms along Tony's arms and down to his elbows. "We'll take our time for this. I haven't got any plans tomorrow morning."
“It’s gonna be great Tony. This is… a completely new step into electrical-engineering, into aerodynamics, and… science in general. Who can say that about their project? Just give it some time.”
“The UN just made a statement that James’ jet has gone off radar two hours ago. They’d just left London, then all signals died.”
“How many people are you cooking for?” Natasha asked with some amusement, stepping into the kitchen and looking down at the big pot of potato soup stirring on the stove. There was spiced roast in the oven, the side dishes were well underway, and Steve had already fixed up the cake batter for Tony’s birthday cake.
“You’re a presumptuous bastard,” Tony gasped and slowly walked them to the king-sized bed. “You didn’t even book a second room, did you?”
—to take that grief from his eyes. An almost painful rush of uncertainty washed over Steve at the idea that he might not be allowed to do that now.
Tony huffed. “You know just as well as I do that we can’t have the board clinging to weapon’s productions. Not right now. Not when we’re a week from launching the arc reactor.”
They hadn’t really made any big headway, but it was a start. And Tony had a feeling they were onto something.
“We’re both taking that as a compliment,” Steve replied, laughing as he walked up to Tony. “He really talked, huh? That’s early.”
It was the space he’d spent time with Indries the most, Steve figured. She’d been his muse, Stane had said. Of course Tony didn’t want to go there, being reminded of their happiest moments together.
Tony felt his cheeks heating up and broke his gaze from Steve’s, rubbing his wrist when he couldn’t find anything to do with his free hand. He then stood up and sidestepped Steve, because if he didn’t get away right now, he might do something really stupid.
And now, once again frozen but eerily awake, he had a moment of clarity: He saw himself in the past decades of his life, and realized time had never held meaning to him. Time had been without shape, and he had as much of it as anyone ever would.
“You’ve been through a lot,” Steve said after a long moment. “You had every right to focus on your responsibility to yourself. And you did good. You’ve done a lot of good.”
Tony returned the smile as he let Steve pull him into a hug. “Looking for seconds?” he asked, grinning as he pulled them flush together. “Ian’s upstairs with Veronica. I’m game if you are.”
Steve’s heart ached when he saw that Tony’s eyes were now closed off like doors barred against him. “But—”
“I’ll take care of it,” Tony said with a small smile. Then, he laid a hand on Steve’s cheek, stroking the light stubble there. The corner of his mouth had turned up into a half-grin, but his brown eyes kept darting back to Steve’s injured hand in concern. “Can I get you something for that?” he asked.
"I'd rather not have anybody near it enough to find out," Steve answered. "As for having any control over Tony... well, I can't say I've got that, but I've got a, uh, little influence now. Hopefully enough to get him to take a few breaks every now and then." He was fairly buzzing with the need to be home, to check on Tony and make sure his lover was okay and resting properly. Steve honestly loved his job, but he honestly didn't love it interfering with what felt like far more important things.
Clint felt himself shiver a little at the words, the gentle whisper against his ear. His breath caught silently as he tried to force himself to stay calm. The low, intimate croon of Coulson's voice in his ear was oddly intriguing. "Maybe," he said, trying to keep the sleepy murmur in his voice even though he was pretty awake at the moment. "But you'd probably have to work for it. I'm feeling more like napping than talking."
"No. Well... yes." When Steve gave him a look, Tony sighed. "They can try. But there's about a twenty-five percent chance of me dying in the process, whereas there's really no chance of that happening with the reactor. SHIELD made sure of that. I mean, I might get eaten by aliens, but these thumbtacks in my heart aren't going to get me."
Tony moaned, his hips rocking forward against the car seat instinctively. Listening to Steve sound so unrestrained, so desperate and needy was almost enough to make Tony want to cum right then and there. Instead, Tony did as he was bidden, letting that thick shaft ram the back of his throat as he began bobbing his head faster and faster, his fingers digging into Steve's hips as he moved. He moaned and hummed in pleasure around the thick flesh in his throat, taking it deeper and faster as if he couldn't get enough of it.
Clint grinned. "I better sleep in my own room. People are gonna start talking," he teased, following Coulson down the hallway. He felt sore, wired, and about a million miles from ready to sleep, but he knew that was what he needed. Guess the pain pills are good news in this case. "Hopefully a couple of these puppies will make sure I'm not up all night watching reruns of Flip This House."
Scott found himself increasingly uncomfortable with the line of conversation, moreso because he had no idea how to reveal that he was back in fighting shape thanks to Loki. //How the hell do I tell anyone and not make Logan look guilty?// "I know we're both new here, but I hope you'll believe me when I say that Logan looks out for his team."
"Perfectly fine," Tony assured him. "I'm sure my liver will be grateful for a break. It was probably lining up a lawsuit, thinking I was attempting to pickle it." His stomach rumbling, Tony took a step out of the kitchen to allow Steve a chance to finish his preparations. He watched the other man busying himself, and felt the need to express something he'd been thinking about all day. "Steve," Tony began, "I never did get a chance to thank you. If you hadn't insisted on seeing me, I'd probably still be hiding in my room drinking myself to death."
"That would be great. It's a pretty small rack." The phone went silent, and Phil handed it back to the clerk. "Thank you."
"Bigger question is, what next? How do we fix your son?" Logan wanted to know. Frigga was clearly doing alright if not great, and Logan wasn't interested in waiting around until someone noticed they were there.
It was funny, but the house struck Steve immediately as being reminiscent of the "homes of the future" he'd seen illustrated in magazines. "It's beautiful." It was a bit much, though, and honestly not to Steve's taste, but he would never have said as much. He was a guest, and the place was meant to suit Tony, not him - and it did that perfectly. A little over the top, sleek, sexy - Steve cut the thought off before he could let it solidify. "I wouldn't mind some pop culture lessons," he allowed. "I'm getting better, but there's only so much a guy can read and watch and absorb at a time. It can be kind of overwhelming." He'd started with history, trudging through volumes on politics and the heartbreaking losses suffered in Korea and Vietnam, painfully aware that he could have done something if he'd just been there. "Might be nice having somebody to get me started."
Logan frowned, staring hard at the pile of papers. His jaw clenched, and he glared at Steve with a lot more focus and malice than he had a few moments before. "Look, Apple Pie... The few walks I've managed to take down memory lane ain't been a lot o' fun. Been kinda the opposite, really. And I don't think you or any o' SHIELD's cronies are ready to deal with me if I turn back into a ravin' lunatic. " He put his coffee cup down deliberately and folded his arms over his chest. "I think you should probably look somewhere else for whatever it is you're tryin' to find."
The sight of Steve's face when he'd found his mark inside the man had been incredible in and of itself, and Tony made it a point to strike the spot again. Grinning wickedly at Steve's response, he decided, "Might just never let you top again, though. Seeing you squirm like this is too addictive." He was joking, of course; Tony was pretty sure that if Steve never fucked him again, he might actually lose his mind.
"Stark, do you know how much of YouTube I've had to delete tonight? At least five different videos and god-knows-how-many copies of you two sucking face on the dancefloor, and I--"
Logan scowled faintly, but didn't push further. A moment later, his head cleared a little. "I was... I was goin' to find Coulson." His eyes, clearer now though still not right, drifted up to Steve's face once again. "Maybe.. maybe you better make sure I get there," he decided. The words felt almost forced as Logan struggled to say them. Whatever Loki had done to him, it was making it difficult to do the right thing.
Tony made a show if looking confused. "Didn't we establish that I'm technically the old guy? Now I'm getting confused. I need a hug," he decided, head resolutely pressed against Steve’s shoulder. "Besides, with all the stuff I've survived, I think I can assume my expiration date is less milk-like and more cheetoh-like." He didn't like to think about it, in truth. He'd nearly died enough times that thinking about all those times was almost enough to start a panic attack in and of itself.
"I feel like I'm part of the weirdest Charlie's Angels episode ever," Scott muttered to Logan under his breath as they all entered the conference room again.
"We kinda figured that when the little shitbird showed up on Earth and started wreckin' things without you comin' to help," Logan noted, crossing his arms over his chest. He glanced back at Hulk, glad to note he seemed to be calming down a little, though he was still glowering at a few of their prior opponents.
Steve laughed easily and nodded his agreement. “It actually has. It had before I really realized just how far under my skin you’d gotten.” The moment felt charged, and Steve wondered how much it would be appropriate to say or do. They had spent too much time not speaking freely with one another, so Steve admitted, “I don’t want to push too much. I really don’t want to scare you or mess this up or do anything that’s going to mean we don’t do this again. So, um, would it be okay if… if I kiss you?”
"Damn, there goes my plans for every day for the rest of our lives." Coulson rolled his eyes but considered the problem at hand. "Tell you what, you go to your place, get some fresh clothes, I'll get dressed. You meet me downstairs in fifteen minutes and I'll have a plan." Making plans was, after all, what he did. He just didn't usually get to make plans that included anything social. "And if you see Natasha, tell her the fruit basket's in the mail."
“Well, I'm hard enough to kill, I guess," Logan conceded. The idea of mind games wasn't comforting. Xavier had managed to do a lot to freak him out without even really trying. If someone decided to rummage around in his head too much, he wasn't sure how well anyone would come out for it.
A significantly taller, horned silhouette caught Logan's attention, and he set his jaw. "That sure as hell ain't a deer," he growled, darting towards the figure.
Scott shifted, struck at the sudden chill. He looked back to realize that he was cold because the human blanket that had been warming him was no longer there. "You could warn a guy. It's chilly in here," he groused with a flicker of a smile before pulling away himself and stretching as he swung his legs over the side of the bed. "Look, I won't tell anybody you like to cuddle and you don't tell them I'm too scared to sleep alone. We both get to keep at least SOME of our pride."
"Afraid not - at least until they're sure the drugs are out of your system." Natasha paused and leaned in a little closer as if it would actually do anything to create intimacy against the barrage of security monitoring SHIELD had in place throughout the building, "But when you're out this evening, I have vodka that will impress even the great Tony Stark." The woman sat up straighter again and watched Tony carefully. "It won't be easy. Director Fury will want you to see a counselor. It's not a bad idea. You may not realize it yet, but keeping something like this from the team will be difficult. Right now you think you never want anyone to know anyway. That will change."
Clint couldn't help but smile at the sentiment. He didn't enjoy Nat's frustration, but he could sure as hell relate. "Makes two of us. And Coulson's right. Pretty sure May hates me already," he said, grinning faintly. He looked to Coulson. He didn't want to leave Nat, but... "You think we should go make sure Stark isn't being useless?"
"I second that emotion," Phil added, though he suspected that Steve's vote counted for more than his own. "You can help here. You can do some good. That's ultimately what we're all looking to do even if we all go about it different ways. Even Stark."
It warmed Steve's heart to hear that Tony had been worried. He let his eyes close and smiled. "Hopefully you'll be better soon and there won't be a fight for awhile. Then we can take that vacation and neither one of us can worry." None of those things would fall into place, but Steve liked to pretend they would. He shifted, moving carefully upward until he could kiss Tony's lips. "You up to a little playtime before I pass out for a few hours?" He wanted to connect with the man so badly he could hardly stand it, but Tony was the one who really needed the rest.
Bruce couldn't help the smile that crept onto his lips. He knew she was trying to distract him, and it was definitely endearing. "They are pretty amazing," he said, giving her a dopey grin before blushing and refocusing his attention on the muffin. He took a couple bites, then shook his head. "I know what you're wondering. With Barton, I mean. I guess the hammer's attached to him somehow now. He's the only one that can use it."
The crush was getting worse. He'd spent a lot of time thinking about it, about what it might mean and whether he should say anything. In the end, Steve came to the conclusion that it didn't matter. Tony was with Pepper no matter how "open" he said the relationship was, and they worked together on top of that. Add in being roommates and there was no real point in ruining the status quo. A more difficult thing was deciding whether he was okay with having a crush on a very male friend to begin with and after being both traumatized and comforted by what he'd read in the news articles he'd found, Steve finally decided that was fine too. There were thousands of terrible things going on at any given moment - someone having feelings for someone else wasn't one of them.
The stronghold didn't look like much from the outside, just a pair of very large metal hangar doors wedged open enough to drive a vehicle through. And sand. Lots of sand. The team advanced through the building with little resistance until they encountered a more open area that looked like a munitions storage, littered with empty shipping containers.
Logan could sense that both men were nearing their mutual ends, and the anticipation made the feral mutant's pulse pound a little faster. Soon, he'd have what he wanted; soon, he'd be able to drag Steve down to the mattress and fuck him with all the animal passion that he usually restrained.
The door opened, and Maria Hill stepped inside. "Sorry for the interruption, but we're picking up an energy signature. The only thing that comes close is the last time Thor paid us a visit."
The archer didn't have to think too hard to put two-and-two together. "Logan's compromised, and Steve's the only one who can withstand it."
Logan nodded his agreement. "Her 'n' Coulson both. Not so sure about Barton. Not so sure he actually has a mind."
"Sounds dumb. I like it," Clint decided, grinning faintly. Pushing away from the table, he stood and raised an eyebrow. "You ready to go, or do you have normal civilian clothes to wear out?" he teased, tugging at the lapel of Phil's suit. He rarely saw the guy in anything else. He'd even heard other agents joke that all there was of Phil was a head and hands. Clint had learned firsthand that that wasn't the case, but it was still pretty damned amusing.
Clint smiled faintly, then quickly covered it as he made a show of thinking it over. "Well, maybe. I mean, I'm not so sure. It does sound an awful lot like you're propositioning me, and I'm pretty concerned about my purity and stuff." Mostly, Clint was concerned that he wouldn't be able to keep his hands off if he woke up next to Phil again with them in nothing but their underwear. He fiddled with his coffee cup. "But I guess I could be convinced if you promise not grope too much."
Logan eyed the guards nervously as they stepped into Thor's inner chambers. There were more guards inside, and the situation looked like a potential shitshow right from the start.
She nodded and squeezed Clint's hand. "I wasn't there, but I understand." The words carried a sad, somber weight, and she let that sink in for a second. Phil knew her file backwards and forwards, but it wasn't something she threw around lightly. "I wish none of us did."
Logan grinned briefly at Steve before returning his attention to Tony, watching the man squirm with the almost same amount of interest as the blonde next to him. He gave up a low growl as Tony's fingers tangled tightly into his hair, resisting a bit before settling into the hold and allowing the smaller man to pull him into a heated kiss.
"Foot down if you want to keep it," Phil snapped automatically as he started the car. He was glad for the dim garage and almost hesitant to leave it. To say it had been awhile was an understatement, and catching glimpses of Clint's admittedly gorgeous body while he shimmied into his clothing had left Phil slightly hot under the collar. It was understandable, he told himself. Totally normal. He was a red-blooded man, and so was Clint. It just happened to be unfortunately obvious when the man was wearing nothing but his underwear. Phil glanced over. It was almost worse with Clint in uniform. Though it was hardly revealing, it left his arms bare, and it was sexy as hell. //And I have really, really got to get laid.//
Bruce had a little more grace, thanking Simmons before taking a muffin along with his mocha. "How's the research going, anyway?" He asked, rolling his eyes as Tony made a dismissive sound at the idea of the two figuring anything out. Bruce leaned in and asked quietly, "You *did* figure out the reactor, right? How it works, I mean?" It was Tony's litmus test. If someone in their field couldn't figure that out with blueprints, there was a solid chance that Tony would smart-shame them until he was dead. And then come back to haunt them.
Bruce felt no less tense, and he positively wanted to disappear when Thor stood, hammer in hand, upon seeing them. "How... Isn't that only supposed to work if he's worthy of it?" Bruce wanted to know.
Phil sighed and followed the man inside. In the space of a few seconds, he managed to get Clint free of at least his bow and boots, then pulled the blanket up more fully. "Sweet dreams." Absent a key, Phil settled for just closing the door on the way out.
"Yeah, knowing what your partner wants in bed is hell," she replied dryly. She'd never had much shame when it came to sex. The last time she checked neither did Clint. "He is older," Natasha allowed, "but you're older than me, and I haven't kicked you out of bed yet." She was pleased that while Clint wasn’t jumping blindly on the bandwagon, he really was analyzing the idea. That was a better sign than acceptance or rejection from Clint. "Experience can be a turn on. Especially when the guy is hung like a horse."
During the last weeks, Tony had predicted almost every attack by random villains, giving the team pointers as to what they needed to do. It was risky business, but Tony just couldn’t stand on the sideline, waiting for one of his teammates to get hurt. Last week, he’d also outed Clint’s family at a team dinner because he’d forgotten that he wasn’t supposed to know about Laura and the kids, and only barely managed to gloss it over with his ever-favorite JARVIS-alibi.
—and it’s alright. I deserved it, to some extent. But it’s… these days, people just assume I’m part of this world. So whatever comes out of my mouth might have serious consequences. People listen to me and half the time I’m still not sure I really get how this world works.”
Natasha heaved a breath, giving Steve a meaningful look to tell him exactly how not impressed she was with his sudden secrecy. “Sit down. I’m gonna go grab my bites,” she announced, then, and gracefully uncrossed her legs before standing up. “Meet you in a few, boys.”
Stepping out of the shower, Tony quickly toweled off. Avoiding his reflection in the mirror, he ran a quick comb through his hair, then wrapped a dry towel around his hips, and made an embarrassingly fast beeline for the bed, practically jumping on top of it. He tried to take up some kind of casual slash no-I-didn’t-wait-here-for-you position, which led to him looking like some obscured version of Rose DeWitt Bukater. Then, the elevator doors in the living room opened and steps echoed across the hallway.
They were playing with them, Steve realized. This wasn’t even all they could do, they were still holding back. They knew they’d win, and thus, they were toying with them.
He rushed into the bathroom for a few moments, then came back with his ridiculous red and gold Iron Man sweatpants—some gag-gift by Clint, if Tony remembered correctly. He dragged them up over his gorgeous ass and jogged to the elevator.
Tony allowed Steve to take his t-shirt away, although he raised an eyebrow at the alternative. “Your sweater? That’s about twice my size.”
. He was already fifteen minutes late, and he still needed to take a shower and get presentable. No wonder the penthouse was completely dark when Tony stepped out of the elevator. “You already on your way?” he asked.
“Like I got hit by a truck,” he replied. “Then dropped off a cliff, smashed by another truck and set on fire.”
Tony didn’t say anything for a minute; merely nodded and took a small step back. “I understand.” He smiled a little. “I know I haven’t exactly been practicing what I preach here, but I’d never force myself on you. You’re… confused. You need time. I get it.”
But something changed. Something in Tony’s eyes changed and he was back against him, grasping his head. “Stop apologizing for things you aren’t sorry for,” he told him and pulled Steve’s mouth down to his.
“Yeah, yeah…” Tony grunted and pressed himself more fully against Steve’s warm body. “Just don’t make it a habit. I’m sick of your strays. If you could, you’d just stuff my whole tower with these kinds of people.”
He’d said he wanted it like this, with him stretched and held, and Steve would give him everything he needed.
These days, whenever Tony crossed paths with Steve, his posture was always stiff and uncomfortable. Steve had tried to talk to him, several times, but Tony blocked every feeble attempt. He’d put Steve on various online black lists, had deleted his contacts, and Steve was almost sure all of his emails and messages were automatically spam-filtered.
Immediately, Tony pulled away from him, instead searching his eyes with flecks of hope. “It’s okay,” he said. “We don’t have to… kissing is fine. I like kissing you.”
“Nose, ears, and… your eyes are bloodshot, too,” Steve replied, turning his head to the side so he could press a tissue against Tony’s nostrils. “Start talking,” he prompted after a moment, and Tony could practically hear the hot, burning outrage searing his insides.
“Go!” Steve shouted and smashed the front window so he could throw the man off. In that moment, Sam stepped on the gas pedal and they sped into the night.
Tony sighed, shaking his head. “This isn’t the only option. I know I said I couldn’t shut down Zola’s algorithm, but Bruce and I… we might still make it before the launch, I just—”
Damn. He hadn’t meant to say it like that. So bluntly. He’d wanted to slowly make Tony understand about his fears and not just throw them at him at once.
“I’m not him,” Vision echoed calmly, “but I do possess his memories. There is just a certain… lack of context, if you will.” He said the words as if they only gained meaning the second he gave them voice, as if he was truly surprised by the direction the conversation was heading. “It’s like looking at photographs, I suppose. You see yourself being happy, or sad, or angry, and you can relate to all of that, but there is no imminent memory of the feeling. I can, however, access all information on how much you meant to him. There is vast amount of storage space JARVIS dedicated to information that, objectively speaking, is mostly useless. It’s a pattern that has somehow surpassed his primary coding. If you wanted to give it a relatable label, you could as well call it affection, or… love.”
Steve smiled lazily. “The thought is what counts,” he said, eventually easing himself out of Tony’s body.
Steve was alive. He had to be. And as of now, that was all that mattered. For now, things could still be amended. If Steve only got back here.
“Okay. That’s enough,” Steve interrupted him with a glance towards Wanda. Next to her, Pietro had fixed Ross with a death-glare.
His chest ached from the way Steve’s arms were bearing down on it. What had happened? He remembered having a nightmare. Remembered breaking from the inside, and no one had been there to help him. The pain was there. It consumed him. It was all he was. So he lashed out again, his body acting on its own.
Steve groaned when Tony’s teeth scratched his lips and his tongue licked against him with fervor that had every cell in Steve’s body wracked with tension. He barely had time to kiss him back before Tony deprived him of his mouth again. “If Fury’d said one more goddamn word, I would’ve killed him,” he growled, nipping at Steve’s throat as he made his way down his body without ceremony.
There were mingled pants between them after their lips parted again, Tony’s mouth taking chart down his throat, their thrusts gaining speed. “You feel so good,” Steve murmured into his skin, his other hand slipping over his thigh and skating between his ass cheeks.
Tony’s eyes snapped back in the direction they’d come from and zeroed in on the red and blue cradle. “Steve,” he breathed, tapping Steve’s naked shoulder gently. The guy didn’t even twitch. ‘Light sleeper’ my
Tony stepped even closer to Steve. And from the heavy lidded look in his eyes, Steve received the distinct warning that he knew exactly what sort of drunk Tony was.
Tony pursed his lips as if just realizing that Steve was still looking at him, waiting for an answer. Tony smiled a reassuring smile and leaned forward, closing the space that had forced itself between them. Like he had just a few minutes before, he took Steve’s face in his hands and caressed his cheeks with loving strokes. “We’re here now,” he said slowly. “Can’t we just enjoy that? I can’t… I can’t really think about it now. Not today.”
Now, as the first guests arrived, Steve was a nervous wreck. Rhodey had given him a crash course in the most popular dances, and Steve picked them up fairly quick. But there was so much to remember, and he was afraid that he would forget which was which and end up embarrassing himself.
“Damn it,” Natasha suddenly exclaimed. She had her messenger open and typed with crazily fast fingers.
He passed the phone to Natasha, and when a soft defeated breath resounded within the car, Steve let his head drop back against headrest.
Steve grabbed for Tony then, touching wherever he could, like he could never get enough of him, which he suspected was true. He kissed Tony slowly, but his touch was more urgent. When he pulled them tight together, he couldn't help the small hitch at how their dicks slid so perfectly against one another.
Steve shook his head. Hell, he was doing this all wrong, and he wouldn’t beat around the bush any longer. Tony had waited for his decision long enough. “No, I’m trying to say ‘yes’ without forcing you into doing this in case Ultron changed your mind. But I think I’m not doing it very well.”
Tony nodded. “Yeah. I thought… maybe we can make it work like this for a while. The team. Our job’s to help people. To save and protect them. Maybe we should remember that.”
Tony just managed to zip himself up before he opened the door to the next room. The room that was both kitchen and living room… and also occupied by two people with fewer clothing than even he and Steve had woken up with.
“How did you even get him here?” Maria asked. She was looking sort of angry without showing it. “What were you thinking? Inviting a killer into a place that doesn’t have the necessary safety measures.”
Tony. This wasn’t just about gaining Tony’s affection anymore. No. Steve wouldn’t allow Stane to manipulate him any further. Not if Steve could do something to stop it.
So he had put the phone next to the letter, added a few lines to it, and sent it away. Had it been anyone else, Steve had to assume he wouldn’t ever get a call. How do you move on from what they had done to each other? But it was Tony, and…
“You weren’t ready. Don’t worry about it.” Natasha’s eyes flickered to the ground for a moment, before they settled on Steve. “Maybe I should be there, when you decide to—”
. And I don’t like that there’ll always be this version of us I can’t grasp. I know it’ll hurt. We fought each other, how could it not hurt? But before our wedding, I want to share this with you, all the good and the bad parts.”
It took Tony by surprise when he ran into Peter Parker in the lobby of Avengers Tower. He supposed it shouldn’t, since he had invited him to come over at any time, but it did all the same.
“Better be careful what you wish for, Rogers,” he said, grinning lightly. “I tend to go overboard with things, I might become one of those horrible people who go around all day, talking everyone’s ears off about their awesome superhero-boyfriend.”
"You feel so good," he murmured, soaking up that pink flush on Steve's cheeks. Just being here in Steve's presence, he felt like he'd kissed the sun, only it was much sweeter than he could have ever foreseen. It was like opening himself up for a better part of his life, and for the first time not being rejected before he even got there.
“I’m hungry,” Steve mumbles, shoveling another forkful of the equally limp fillet and Tony makes a face at that. “Had worse,” Steve grins.
Bucky comes down with him. All too willingly, on his knees and Tony really cannot do this right now. But nothing’s been fair in his life in forty fucking years so when Bucky asks, “Hey, you need something?” he chuckles and blurts out “A hug, I need a hug so badly right now, I’d kill a fish with my bare hands.”
Lucky for him, he created JARVIS when he was 21 and had a stroke of brilliance in the middle of an ugly grieving so he doesn't have to suffer a third-degree burn from a hot glue gun today.
“Very,” Tony admits, “Never thought I’d see Captain America being bossed around.” He repeats with a smirk.
“Where else would he go?” Tony shrugs, adjusting the strap holding his broken left arm for the nth time.
He closes his eyes and takes a deep inhale, muting all of them to nothing. Then, when he opens his eyes, it’s like he’s seeing Pepper Potts for the very first time that evening.
Wipe the floor off its wet crimson, dry her ballet flats, find her footing and try to see the world the way other people do; no target blinking on foreheads until absolutely necessary. Only for peace and good.
"This time!" He shouts back just to make it clear, so Steve doesn't get any wild ideas about fooling Tony again in the future.
“I’m so sorry.” He says, fingers itching to hold the other man, they come to a halt mid-air. But he clenches them forcefully into a fist and he leaves.
They just parted, he knows she loves him, and he knows he loves her. But he’s too fragile for her. If she touches him, he’ll shatter and she’ll break her skin and bones trying to hold him. He told Steve to leave - “I need some time to digest this” - and he waits for Rhodey to arrive to get drunk on whiskey, rum and too much skittles.
He gets back into the workshop with tinkering in mind and comes up with a brand new Starkpad overnight (reinstalling FRIDAY somewhere along those cacophony of thoughts in his brain).
Steve’s sudden inhale is an audible gasp and Tony realises belatedly when blue eyes mist over, looking into his own brown ones, that he’d called Steve by his name.
They called. They talked. Bucky read those letters, and he laughed on the phone. He sent photos of daisies he saw by the road; quoted;
She takes another sharp inhale, struggling and Tony looks up at her once again, if only to make sure she’s not breaking.
But this is not the time for self pity. This isn't about him, but them. This is, most importantly, about Bucky.
Instead, all his energy goes into worrying if maybe Steve hasn’t really wanted him to stay when he asked him too and now, he’s very unwelcomed where he is.
Tony shrugs. “Isn’t it a bit of an over stretch, to call this a family?” He asks, uncharacteristically bold, after spending two whole months traipsing behind Rhodey’s metaphorical skirt.
“Mr Stark. You have to understand -,” she starts in a practiced cold tone and Tony, he cannot deal with this now.
They step out of the observation room; Barnes still drugged up to the gills until his bullet wounds heal and Bruce kindly let Tony know that his penthouse is destroyed while Steve winced.
of yourself. As for my opinion of you, I maintain that you’re not disappointing Mr Stark. But you are, a broken man. The Captain is too. Anyone with two functioning eyes can see that.”
Steve smiles back, his blue eyes twinkling with unshed tears which Tony really doesn’t want to witness so he scrapes the chair back, urgently draining the tea before pulling open the dishwasher.
He can feel the bed dipping as Steve knelt and leaned over until his mouth hovered over Tony’s sleep creased cheek.
. With him. It’s -,” He tries and grapples for a way to explain what it is, but Pepper puts him out of his misery, kindly.
Steve chuckles, “Before, because I assumed wrongly about you. Later because…,” He pauses thoughtfully before shrugging. “I don’t remember. But now I just like driving you mad,” he grins at Tony before planting a kiss on his mouth.
, I’ll be informed. I’m staying downstairs, it’s only fair,” She adds in a softer tone, expecting Tony to argue with her that when Tony nods, agreeing, she actually gawks at him.
“Catch.” Steve calls from the kitchen counter, Tony turning in time to see a hefty paper bag coming hot for his head.
Tony considers him and his own reply before he opens his mouth. He knows that he doesn’t have a good track record when it comes to filtering his thoughts; good or bad, but right then, he knows he means it when he nods and says, “Think we did.”
Tony himself is wrapped in a cream cashmere and his slack from yesterday morning’s meeting. His eyes burn from the missed sleep but he smiles as he watches Steve laugh at his mates.
“Aliens? Didn’t even question it. Think I lost the capability to be surprised after everything.” Barnes shrugs, wiping the grease around his metal fingers.
The answer is, no. He can hear it from her apology. Ross has always been a bastard anyway. “Shall I ask for leniency for some of the -,”
“Are you actually upset? You look upset,” Tony tries to worm his way out of the topic. But Rhodey knows him too well.
The silence is deafening for a few heavy seconds. They watch as James Barnes progressively turns different shades of red and shifting to purple when Sam splutters out laughing. But the throw-knife that lands neatly right next to his head puts an immediate end to it.
Tony stares him back, “Pretty sure, sucking your cock doesn’t fall in strenuous activities. Or laying there, letting you fuck me,” he taps at his chin thoughtfully. “Although, riding you would probably have to wait.”
On her other side, Sam takes a breath in, gearing up to speak, but she carries on, eyes flicking briefly to Tony, making his breath catch in his throat and she says to the table with a certain level of conviction.
He remembers the frailty of everything they stepped on. How they talked and loved and talked and loved so they could build something stronger.
The lines of his neck muscles; strong and warm under his hand. Pulsatile as he lingers and Steve swallows, anticipating his next move.
She’s not finding any among them, not to insinuate that they’re not trying, because they are. But it’s not enough.
“Urgh,” Someone groans and Tony turns to see Rhodey walking in with a duffel bag flung over his shoulder.
Tony stops him when he senses another apology coming. “Hush. You say another sorry and I have to demand my truce-leaf back.”
They’re busted and broken, with still a lot of healing and patch up works to do, but he can see it right then what Steve once dubbed a family.
“Trying.” Tony fills in her blank and immediately garners her undivided attention for himself. A curious quirk of her carefully plucked eyebrow.
“I never stopped,” He says softly, the hunch is back on his shoulders. The twist in his face, pleading for Tony to understand. “After Bucky got into cryo, I -,” He shrugs as if it isn’t a big deal.
So, the last one that he actually wants to and can remember was the one with Steve; cuddled on the couch in front of a high-tech fireplace while sipping on the hot chocolate Steve made for them.
Throw away those three pair of feet that attach him to the wall, observing and never participating in living while everyone else in the room live, laugh and love.
If she expected Tony to be angry, or shocked, or in any way reacting with an emotional score between seven and ten, she doesn’t get it.
She lost her everything too many times, when most people could not even handle going through that once.
“Billionaire Tony Stark found overdosed in his California mansion. Stark Industries stock is predicted to take the biggest dip of the decade.” She reads the headline of New York Times with a deceitfully serene expression on her face.
Less stammering and awkward chuckles but the laughs and smiles are still there, even more prominently than Tony ever remembers interacting with him. It’s disconcerting in the way that it makes Tony recheck his own wants and feelings for Steve.
“Steve.” He pleads, voice thick with tears, tucking Steve’s head under his chin. He’s hyperventilating. “Fuck.”
His doctor puts him on meds. After a thorough discussion with Pepper and Rhodey who comes and gives him a hug but still couldn’t smile at him.
“I’ll reserve my judgement for when after I’m done speaking with you, Mr Stark. Although I must admit, disappointing is not quite the word in my line of vocabulary for you at the moment.” He adds.
“He dropped by while you guys were at that Xavier place,” James Barnes comments idly, sweeping through the kitchen floor in his horrible Christmas sweater to top up his eggnog. He gives a pat to Steve’s head and says, “Get it together, Stevie,” before leaving as soon as he got with a friendly pat to Tony’s shoulder.
Tony pops one triangle into his mouth - leaving the other for later - now eager to find what’s in the tumbler he’d been handed out earlier.
He looks away, towards where the lawn is, behind the locked kitchen door and windows, and he tries to picture how it must be out there.
But Bucky, of all things, chuckles like he'd just heard a joke. “Can’t promise that, doll,” He drawls, grinning like the idiot he is. “If it happens another time, I’ll do the same thing all over again. Gotta protect my best fella,” he winks.
He bets Steve put his baby tooth under his pillow – or makeshift, whichever they could afford then – too. Wonder what he wished for though…
“Steve,” he hisses into the darkness, temporarily blinded and he’s shivering from fright. His entire core is shut down; from electricity to the armour’s response signal. He feels as naked and vulnerable as he was in that cave in Afghanistan but this time, it’s in his own home.
He doesn’t know what it is, but seeing Steve accept the truce; let go and forgive and try to move on, it makes him feel all too light out of nowhere.
It’s a permission to proceed. Despite being vulnerably alone without Rhodey’s shadow looming over him (he stopped needing that all the time after the first four weekends), Tony’s not afraid to finally face his biggest demon. More progress, he supposes.
Cups his precious face in two hands and kisses the glow out of his mouth. Lets Steve wind his arms around Tony's waist and lift him up, walk them to the couch, and lay them down, and -
He also wonders about their love; like a rock on the shore, washed raw by the sea, over and over until the outer layer is unrecognizable.
And he forgets just how stubborn Steve is until he feels a hand on his shoulder. Then another lands over his, before he can even turn around, to pry the gauntlet from his fingers. “Come on,” Steve says, pressing the words into his temple.
Rhodey lays a hand over his shoulder. “Breathe. I know a hasty decision when I see one. You’re high strung.” He pauses, as if mincing his words.
She used to never share. Told them it was her trade secret. He wonders if it’s the same still, and the thought of that carves out something hollow inside him.
This time, Tony doesn’t even think about turning tail. Instead, he looks Rogers in the eyes and nods.
It’s a remarkably ironic thing. Tony realises just how he has  been tagging on the ride of world saving, expecting he’ll drop dead one day along that line so he has to make it easier for those left behind to handle his unsettled mess.
The way his lips are pressed tight against one another, cutting the circulation and making them appear paler.
Ageing however, has scraped out his hard edges and shaped him more malleable with every new experience and dare he say: these days, he prefers sparkling juice to actual champagne.
They’re a little impatient because it’s been such a long time coming. But they aren’t in any hurry. They didn’t leap, they sure didn’t walk but they ran.
He lacks the sass and doesn’t engage in banters. He’s way more professional and sticks to points during their session and maybe that’s for the best.
Tony follows the long sweep of big hands down large thighs and frowns. “You keep apologizing.” He says. The tremble of his fingers carefully hidden in the pockets.
“C’mere,” Steve snags them. He holds out the other fruits wordlessly and Tony takes them, watching him march towards the vendor again and for the love of God, he purchases bananas just because Tony asked.
He closes his eyes and when he opens them back, the shock is completely wiped out, replaced by painful resignation.
He can see a sliver of that notion as Rhodey keeps one arm over her chair and as Steve leans forward to pat her cheek.
“Nah,” he shakes his head. “I think most of it came from growing up alone. Didn’t really know what a family meant,” c
He’s one elbow deep in the guts of his old armour - which he’d shifted here to work on while he waits in between the scheduled team activities – when he realises with a huff that he’s perhaps a little too far from the plier he’d placed on the table.
Wanda’s grief is a festering wound. Her silence is unyielding, even for Natasha to try and worm their ways through.
Steve’s chuckles darkly, exhausted eyes fleeting up to Tony, finally looking away from the damage he’d inflicted on him.
But of course, he gave that too much credit. An old reoccurring mistake on his part. He tends to underestimate the power Steve has over his control.
Tony spends a minute to track down Jean Grey and personally thank her, Steve tagging him along to express his own gratitude.
Although her patience had been dwindling along with her emotions, threating to fray and give her off, she somehow, elegantly managed to maintain her bearings. In her own, Pepper Pott’s way.
He thinks about the smell of his own vomit. Thinks about what used to be a broken heart and what still remains; pain and disappointment.
They’ve been making-out more and more lately. Could even outdo their previous rambunctious days when they’ve christened every surface in the tower. Except these days, they’ve been stopping at make-outs only.
Pepper greets, the click-clack of her heels echoing through the workshop as Tony drills in the last screw and looks up, a grin already splitting his face in half even before she kisses his cheek for a proper hello.
There’s that look that he keeps giving Tony but Tony decidedly shoves that deep down and punctures a hole so it bleeds off somewhere far, far from him.
Just a small shift in his seat, but it makes a distinct difference after he’s been tightly maintaining his rigidness on his seat.
Steve laughs, slides the reading glasses off of Tony’s nose and kisses him again. This time slow and deep until Tony’s breathless and he nods distractedly. “Yeah, yeah. I get the message. Lemme just,” he swipes a hand over the projection, closing them, before he pulls Steve back in by his collar and starts working from there.
He’s knocked out unconscious for solid eight hours that night; no nightmares, no panic attacks, no restlessness.
But he barely gets Steve to the couch before the man stops following; and tugging a super soldier against his will is like pulling at a brick wall. Tony lets go.
She turns to look at him then. Red rimmed eyes – ever present these days that their absence will be a shock for all of them – a small furrow between them and in that moment, she scarily looks wiser - like Jean Grey; Tony’s brain supplies - as she studies Tony.
Tony entertained them in the assurance that Rhodey is just by the stove top in case one of them started coming at him.
Rogers seems to struggle with himself. Especially as he watches Natasha pat Tony’s shoulder and Tony, biting back the urge to cringe, lets her.
Carefully, Tony leans down, chin dipping his own chest, noses bumping, and he presses his mouth to the corner of Steve’s own.
Weightless and strangely afloat as if all that has been weighing him down before was their strained relationship – which, maybe it was.
The thing is, they’re still raw from battle. Just hours ago, they’d almost had a fight (if not for Mrs Barton) and now, Steve’s here on a single bed pretending like that didn’t happen, calling Tony for a cuddle.
“What?” Tony blinks, dropping his chopsticks into the carton as well. Attention focused on the lady.
They all will return to enrol her come New Year. Every single Avenger, Tony’s sure. Not a single exception.
He used to get them from Pepper but Pepper is neither here nor near and Tony really really wants a hug.
“Jesus, doll.” Bucky chuckles, dry and rough, palms pressing into Tony’s cheek, tilting his face up so their breaths intermingle and their noses bump, and the first brush of their skin that near is electrifying. Like stepping on a live wire; sizzling straight into the veins under their skins and it propels them to mash their mouths together in a desperate kiss.
Steve’s abrupt silence is a sufficient reply, and yet, when Steve protests, “Tony,” Tony still asks him, “Hmm?”
A bubble of laughter bursts out of Tony and before they knew it, both of them are bent over laughing their heads off. Damn, has it been so long since they’ve bickered like this.
Steve chuckles, plopping on an empty chair and swivelling around lazily. “So, Danvers,” he begins, looking up at Tony through his criminally long lashes. Blue eyes twinkling, “Care to elaborate or Rhodey used up all your energy already.”
And then, “C’mere,” he tugs. Pulling Tony closer, pressing his palm harder over his shirt clad chest; warm where they touch, and he asks, “Can you feel that? It’s still beating in there.”
She looks radiant and fresh but Tony has once spent a few years dating her and he knows the powerful way in which Pepper can wield her make-up kit.
this is officially the end of this story. but since many requested for a steve counterpart, it'll be an additional fifth chapter. :)
Tony’s face carefully blanks out and he looks away again before he answers, “I’m not. I’m a very busy man – as a matter of fact I have a meeting to attend in five minutes and you’re going to answer to Pepper when she calls because -,”
Tony stares at the text, Saturday morning bright as the Sun beams from over the adjacent building. Rays spilling in rainbows over the white tiles of his living room as he sits gloomily at the dining table.
The one that shakes him inside out from how much he loves Steve and it's with exactly that feeling he tips Steve's chin up, and presses a kiss on his forehead.
Either way, Steve purses his lips, bats his lashes and tilts his head at an angle. All the while looking at Tony with those baby blue puppy eyes and that's all it takes for Tony to drop the glue gun and groan into his hands.
Tony stops breathing. Pepper’s fingers don’t, sticking to their rhythm and she’s so strong, she’s lending her strength for him. She presses a kiss over his head and she tells him gently, “We’re not working.”
Fortunately for him, Wanda hugs him back just as tightly. No hesitation what-so-ever as she presses a kiss to his cheek when they pull apart and murmurs; “I’ve missed you.”
He tries to extricate enough of his arm without losing his grip around two snapped ends of a wire, grunting in strained effort, when the plier is extended to him in silence.
Cho looks ill when she smiles, mouth working around dull words; if she was going for reassurance, it sure looks terrible on her face.
Tony holds himself stiffly in the cold plastic chair. He has a few choices of words for the King but it’s unfortunately not his territory;
Plastered as he was with alcohol and drugs polluting in his system, he remembers his vision clouding pink all the time.
He tilts his head curiously and wonders if Steve doesn’t like to remember Siberia the same way Tony doesn’t like to remember
He lays in bed instead. He opens up the steel box he’d shut away, he sees how far it has licked its way around his fragile conscience.
Rhodey shoots him an unimpressed look. “I said, move on. Not get back in relationship with him. Does he even know about the reactor, Tony?”
You see, this is entirely Steve’s fault (“He started this!” Tony would claim, but remember: chicken and egg.). Last night, he walked into the shop with the noble intention of getting Tony into bed at an appropriate time - a sweet, concerned boyfriend, blah, blah, wonderful.
Tony laughed, “No. But my partner is an artist. A damn good one at that too,” he whispered into the kiss he planted on Steve’s cheek.
A soft huff of laughter escapes Steve, shifting his entire face from taught and tensed to relaxed and soft; closely resembling the Steve Tony fell in love with years ago.
“Gone.” Pepper replies dryly, “For hours. And here I am, unpaid… attention. For all the effort and time I give for -,”
But it’s annoying when others tell him about Rogers like Tony doesn’t know the man himself; hadn’t slept in the same bed as him, watch him laugh and cry and break and grow and still – They treat him as if he’s a stranger to him. That sucks, extremely so.
Steve snorts. Natasha presses a smile into his temple, and she suggests, “Maybe he’d like to hear that from you.”
Steve though, he plops in front of Tony with his massive comforter wrapped form and burrows into it deeper, letting only baby blue eyes peek out like a damned mole - Jesus
“It’s just me,” he said, soft and cautious and Steve missed him so much, he abandoned his now cold coffee mug to pull Tony into a tight hug.
Natasha lets him go, back straightening and she barely gives Tony anything before she’s storming out of the area, Barnes watching her leave.
It’s probably impolite, what with T’Challa being a king and what not, but Tony cannot bother to suppress the snort that escapes him.
Tony sucks a sharp breath in. A large chunk of naan with it and he coughs, choking on the mouthful of Indian takeout they’ve decided for the night.
“Steve?” he calls again, crawling blindly. Something breaks the window and lands next to him and hits his toe. Barely a time to react, and he’s flung across the room and he only remembers a clean thud to his skull before he blacks out.
“I’m sorry.” He keeps mumbling. Over and over. Even as Tony hushes him. Tells him it’s not his fault dammit.
“I have an idea.” He says, recollecting his digressing thoughts. Steve perks up, nodding for him to go on and Tony takes a deep breath, with it, grabbing onto what remaining faith he has in Steve – mostly his capability as a leader, as the Captain.
This means, the compound will be hosting Bruce, Barnes and Natasha once she gets back from the mission, most likely Thursday night, if everything goes according to plans.
He calls Pepper after one of those days, voice roughened and nerves stretched to far ends as he holds the old-fashioned land line phone’s receiver to his ear in shaky hands.
Tony watches him go with a frown, but his relief is so much so that he sighs and sags with the motion once Steve slips past the door. Rhodey quirks an eyebrow at him.
He discards his half-written reply, taps back, eyes catching Fury’s 21 unreplied texts and voice messages and he ignores them all.
All the time Tony spends in here, he feels worse than the time he was in the recovery home. It’s one level more horrible than an asylum.
“You have potential,” she murmurs, brushing his hair back, manicured nails scraping soothingly over his scalp and Tony sighs. He leans back into her and she secures her hold around him. “I love you, you know that?” She asks softly.
He waits until the kitchen door opens – long after the argument ended – and he braises himself to face Rogers, but it’s Rhodey who sticks his head out. “
His fingers twitch as if to grab onto Tony, but he doesn’t act on his instinct. That one line of muscle along his jaw twitches too as he clenches them brutally hard, Tony thinks his teeth probably ache under the force.
their plans for the Avengers; budgets, etcetera. He does everything except, open that damned box and try to decipher it.
He can hear someone audibly swallow. Wilson, Tony gathers. Still a little too clunky and noisy compared to the rest of them in the room.
But apparently, the rule of good day is that it lasts for exactly 24 hours, because he jolts awake to FRIDAY reading out the time; 0004 and when he tries to go back to sleep, he couldn’t.
People can be broken in so many different ways and whilst Tony knows that he’s drawing blank 24/7, he also knows that Bruce had never came even remotely close to that.
“Overdue, maybe?” he hears Steve chuckle nervously and he shuts him up with a kiss, blindly tossing his shirt over his shoulder as he rolls on top of him, tipping Steve onto his back on the mattress.
She no longer feels like a temporary fill-in for when one day he’ll find the courage to recode JARVIS – which he absolutely can.
Out of that massive fraction, he realises that not even half of it is spent in the workshop. Instead, he’s mingling with different members of the team every time he’s there.
“To Hill.” Steve says, “Come on, let’s go.” he catches Tony by his elbow and pulls him towards the exit, Tony’s coat is already in one hand as he holds the door open with the other.
Tony lets Shuri’s excitement seep through his veins, take some of the shocking numbness away from there.
“I’m gonna go sleep, now.” He informs with his back to Steve, deliberately dragging the process of closing the dishwasher, hoping Steve would have gathered himself enough in the meantime.
Tony thinks, memories drawing blank, head aching and palm sticky from half dried streak of blood that may or may not be his.
He tips his head down, braver than before, moves closer – how they can get closer than they already were, Tony doesn’t know.
Tony watches as Steve rolls up two more tapes before pocketing his own clammy hands and asks, “So, did you talk to her?”
Steve snorts. Ungentlemanly, audible huff of air exhaled forcefully through his nose that makes him promptly flush a delicate shade of pink high in his cheeks.
“I’m sorry for being rude, but excuse me on the likeness that you’re being just as rudely intervening as well, what does my lack of relationship with Steve Rogers has anything to do with the defence of the earth? Because you and I, forgive my frankness
Sometime between the age of fourteen and an assault he felt a chunk drop out, separated from its whole and he remembers still. The way it had ached that night as he’d curled into himself and vowed to stop paying attention to said frail organ.
“What did I do?” Steve asks. Ready to amend, do something – anything - to mend whatever he had unknowingly broken to have their friendship back.
Rhodey on the other hand, seems to have forgiven her and every one of them with Military ease. “Comrades.” As he prefers to call them.
They ended up one floor below, where they played hosts and entertained guests. For a moment, Steve thought Tony was going to challenge him to a game of snooker but he’s guided towards the corner of the room. Where the light from the adjacent building spilled in generously at night and the sun shone brightest in the day.
Tony has had his fair share of alcohol - never crossed the line because Howard did and he told himself since he knew how to make a wish that he would never be that man.
They have all the time and they’ll make use of that. There is no need to rush. They’re trying, and it’s all that matters.
Then he actually thinks about it. Wonders what’s the point in bringing it up, what would be the end goal here and he decides to not.
But he taps that organ aside and wraps Bucky in a towel; dries him as quickly as he can before he helps him out of the tub and he’s a 200 pounds super soldier - he’s heavy, no kidding, and Tony has lifted heavier things than him, lifted Bucky several times even, so the way his knees buckle is really not from the physical weight - it’s something else.
"Let's go home," he noses his cheek, thrilling from the feel of whiskers on his lips, and he drags his hand down to wrap around exposed ankle. Giving it a squeeze, he husks out a promise, "You repeat that thing you did here in our bed and I'll love you real good, you'll forget your name.”
Tony remembers the first time he witnessed death; in the form of his parents’ cold bodies as the coffins closed and went six feet under the ground.
“Did you break into SHIELD’s server?” Rhodey glares at him, looking even more threatening than he does when he’s just speaking casually with Tony.
Tony doesn’t tell her that if she signs the damned Accords, they will. But he does tell her, “I hope so too, Miss Danvers.”
Carefully keeping the contact to bare minimum as if he’ll burn Tony if he doesn’t. Tony bites the inside of his cheek, curbing the sudden urge to grin like a mad man.
He rejected Steve because he knew, when the next morning came, Steve would have rejected him anyway.
It’s staggering how close he’d come to lose that; how close Tony had come to lose his mind with that.
Tony glances over at Rhodey, then instinctively his gaze seeks out Rogers but shy a foot before they find him, he retraces his focus back to the man before him.
Right now, he likes how near they are, how small they’ve made themselves to be in the queen-sized bed they’ve been provided with.
Fortnight before his appointment, it stops, and Tony cannot tell if it really stopped or he just psyched himself out. Either way, it’s a relief.
Three days after, he plugs in the armour to charge in a shitty hotel and stares at himself in the mirror; blank face, shirtless with a bloody abdomen and a bruised shoulder.
walked in, dumbass.” James supplies flatly to Tony’s confuddled look. “They call me ghost for a reason.” He adds lowly.
, Steve had shrugged casually, when Tony asked him about it and that’s when it properly cemented in Tony’s brain that Steve Rogers is not that much of a stick in the mud. Guy can joke too, apart from looking like the pinnacle of perfection. Not Fair.
Steve’s body heat licking deliciously along every inch of his bare skin, nooks and crannies, crevices fitting together; precisely like connected two compatible puzzle pieces together.
Steve whines quietly – so quiet, it’s indecipherable -,  his hand, the one resting just beneath the reactor, long nimble fingers,
When he opens them again - a minute after, according to the timer in his brain – Steve’s watching him, misty blue eyes and clenched jaw, the muscle at the far corner twitching, but his shoulders are hunched in defeat and pain.
Tony is a phoenix risen from ashes. He lived through hurricanes and thunderstorms. He’d kissed bigger asses, he can kiss more if he has to.
Once bitten, twice shy. Tony still remembers the unbroken set of pens because Steve found out about Wanda being kept compound-bound. It hadn’t been Tony’s decision, but still –
Twenty, Tony thinks. She’s twenty, beautiful and incredibly powerful. But suffering has always never picked its victim; it hits whomever it wants and when it does, you break.
Tony’s throat runs dry. This time, he can’t look away. Try as he might, his breath catches and his heart stutters. “The former,” he confirms shamefully.
If he focuses his vision, he can make the hourglass figure of Natasha, looming in her red sweater. Probably – no, definitely – keeping an eye on Tony.
Always has been. Not only is he book smart, but where Tony deliberately abandons the tact, Rhodey picks up after him. It’s how Tony knew that Rhodey’s smart when it comes to social cues too.
“Underappreciated -,” Pepper goes on dramatically, as Tony closes the door behind them, beaming at her.
"What are you doing?" Tony asks, jaw slack, voice high and airy in disbelief, mouth agape and eyes wide behind his safety goggles.
Unlike earlier, when the loss of JARVIS was still fresh in his turbulent mind, this time around, her presence feels more permanent.
The little corner of Tony’s lips twitch. He has an inkling that Carol and him are going to get along just swell.
It’s all a blur, between listening to the horrifying screams on this side and deadly silence on the other and watching the donut take off, quick and brisk, leaving behind an array of casualties and property damage.
He’s a different man. A different body, as well as a different mind. There are lines and scars there that Steve had never seen.
“Fuck,” Tony exhales, fingers miles ahead from his brain, dancing across Steve’s naked torso freely as he takes him in with an awed expression.
Muscle memories bring him to Rhodey’s room. It’s closed but unlocked. He twists the knob but doesn’t open it. His gut clenching and twisting when a thought pops up in his brain.
Tony still celebrates his survival with something rewarding when he’s back in the tower every Sunday night.
“If it’s alright, may I speak with Wanda alone?” Miss Grey asks, sharp eyes focused solely on Wanda.
to know. It’s not like Steve will judge, but right then, he just – he felt the need to make Steve understand.
He looks as pissed as Tony feels. “Are there anything else you’re hiding from me because you didn’t want me to feel bad, Tony?
Tony isn’t all too trusting either but he’d read all about Charles, both personal and professional histories; one only need to know where to look.
Tony takes a sharp turn and bangs the bedroom door behind him, sweat squeezing out of his pores as something seizes his ribs and squeezes around them tight until he cannot breathe.
They have brunch in front of the TV and Tony grunts from his hangover headache, “I think I have feelings for Steve.”
“It’s kinda cold tonight,” he smiles, soft eyes tempting like whiskey on a lonely evening, “Warm me up?” and Tony has to roll his eyes at that.
And Tony, he takes in a shuddering breath, leaning into Steve, speechless with his face cradled in Steve’s hands; soft and gentle. Listening to him say, “Don’t fix yourself, Tony. You’re perfect as you are,” - And the part of him he’s been trying to rip off from weeks ago; the part of him that’s so attached to Steve, that needs him every second of the day to breathe, that loves him so bad, pushes him forward and makes him taste those words from Steve’s lips.
She topped it with a whole rehydrated chamomile flower and it was the most beautiful drink he’d ever tasted.
But then, Rhodey opens his mouth and Tony listens with blood curdling chill – the same kind he had when T’Challa told him about his ability to see souls – that he’s not only addressing Tony, but Steve as well.
“It’s amazeballs! She can control gamma rays, UV, visible light, electricity, infrared, microwaves and radio! And she can transition between them within seconds with quite possibly limitless capacity! I wouldn’t put it past her to be immortal and she keeps telling me that Carol’s powers are more lit, but Carol doesn’t wanna let me study her so that sucks. But overall, it’s still so cool!”
“Love you too,” he breathes, sinking into the mattress and the pillow and he’s so warm and safe, he’s tipping out of consciousness.
At least, that’s how Tony feels for Bruce. He doesn’t know if Bruce feels the same. It doesn’t matter (It didn’t matter when Steve didn’t reciprocate either).
“What did I do?” he asks again. Almost begging, feeling that sharp prickling behind his throat ascend to the back of his nose and then his eyes, watery.
Judging by what Steve had said earlier – at least, as much as he was willing to share, which was not much but explicit – he still loves Tony.
His position as Iron Man mandates him to mingle with the others. Team bonding exercises, every weekend with each other, in one enclosed space. Together.
He needs Cho to know her priority. “I don’t care what it costs.” he looks into her eyes and tells her. This is between them and they both know what he means; there’s a vial of perfected extremis in the vault behind the wall. “I need you to save him. Do you understand?”
Tony isn’t sure how Barnes and Bruce’s relationship is, but surely they won’t explode the compound in, give or take, eight hours they’re left alone right.
Well, he's many things in the sense that you see or hear him do that and be like, yeah. That sounds like Steve.
The feel of betrayal clouds him over like the cold of Siberia, racking his brittle bones and twisting his tongue speechless as he takes a step away from her. And another.
Steve doesn’t get it together. Instead, he apparently thinks it’s extremely appropriate to lean in an nuzzle Tony’s cheek before kissing it. In front of everyone else. (Well not really when they’re all busy with their own thing but still-)
She turns away, elbow propped on the back of her chair and Tony watches as her eyes settle on the back of Barnes’ head; the rest of his hidden behind the couch as he and Sam battle against each other in a video game.
And maybe Steve cries during his speech, maybe Jim Rhodes sniffles and Happy blows too hard into his handkerchief, but they won’t talk about it until next week.
When Steve with his blue eyes misting over, kisses Tony’s palm and mumbles another apology into it, Tony slips his other hand up to cup both of Steve’s cheeks, directing his focus straight on him and he says firmly;
Tony’s smile wobbles thinking about tickling, but he decides to be merciful and sneaks his whole head under Steve’s shirt instead; stretching the fabric dangerously tight as he mushes his face to Steve’s abdomen.
Turns out, Fury had Tony tracked without his consent and Natasha was strategically there to shoot Bucky Barnes in the abdomen. Two bullets through and through; both in the right hypogastric region and Steve got there just in time to knock him unconscious.
When he steps out, closing the door behind him, Steve’s waiting for him, seated on the edge of the bed as he hunches over, elbows propped over his knees, hands clasping and unclasping nervously in front of him.
This time, Steve really shoves hard and Tony comes out with a silent cackle and still present evil glint in his eyes.
Steve greets him with a brave smile when he turns and Tony thanks him internally for still being so understanding.
And that - That shocks Tony into a stop; eyes blinking wide with disbelief, he stares at the man in front of him.
What Tony thought was a one-time, stretched out, deliberately strategized apology from Barnes (maybe because he also realised the first time was off and he had to hear it in thorough words that there’s nothing ugly between Tony and him), turns out to be a, well, not a one-time thing.
“I thought we did. Six times and they’re still running it somewhere in here for SHIELD cretins to catch what we didn’t. So you can go join them.” Tony rattles off dryly, rubbing his chest with one hand while he jabs the button for lobby with the other.
It’s late one night, when Steve had woken with a start, icicles still piercing through his skin when he’d gotten out of his bedroom and wandered into the communal kitchen.
“Ho – Did – I – urm, Since whe -,” He stammers then stops abruptly to swallow, the click of his throat audible in the silence of the room.
They’ll fly to an island where nobody can find them and they’ll have each other to their hearts’ content.
Conveniently, everyone fills out without lingering; each of them shooting Tony and Steve a knowing look. It saves him the time but he’s not so sure about being the one to spin the rumour wheel for this week.
His neurons are firing at light speed, calculating. Going over all the things that he did during the time span between – let’s assume – three months after that fateful bunker in Siberia, the partying, the overdose.
prompt: One person has to bend down in order to kiss their partner, who is standing on their tip-toes to reach their partner’s.
– once he’d gotten around to using his voice and opinion more freely. She keeps up with him very easily, answering his sass with her own levelled dose of it and the banter is nice on his worst days.
He holds himself in defiance, as though expecting something or someone to call him out on it, but nothing does. No one. Not even Steve.
“You better go before he imprisons you with gratitude and insists on tasting everyone else’s chocolates,” Pepper smiles at her gently.
Steve chuckles, chucking the kitchen towel to a corner while Wilson walks away, whistling Marvin Gaye as loud as he can at the barren morning.
After dinner, they slip away to somewhere less crowded and it’s not difficult to do that with a square feet area that eat up more than a large lake. Sometimes, they go to the workshop if Tony still have work to do. Sometimes, they stay in the kitchen, lingering after a hang out with the team.
For all those time Tony spent fretting about how to sneak one binary into their Quinjet, he could have saved them by talking to her.
But he didn’t want to return to bed. The very thought of his room and its emptiness made him shiver.
He tips his head for a kiss which Steve gives gladly; chaste, lazy and indulgently soft. Helps him to stop worrying and complete the final step in their unscripted post-coital routine; throw a leg and an arm over Steve, using his chest as his pillow. His favourite kind.
Selfishly, he wonders. If they can go back to that time. When they were more innocent and cautious. Selfishly, he also wonders if.
Tony ran a hand over his forehead, brushing his hair from front to back and he cupped the base of Steve’s occiput, rub a thumb over each of his eyebrows and he looked at Steve for a long while, thoughtful and searching before he decided.
Tony plops heavily on the armchair, eyeing the last minutes of Die Hard as Bruce ushers Wanda to the kitchen; something about tea and new blend of scents.
Tony doesn’t even have a sibling. He cannot think how that would have felt for her. But he has Rhodey and when Rhodey came close to that in Germany, he had lost it.
This one is icy. Cold and freezing; numbing but with needle prick sharpness puncturing through over and over, needling Steve’s name, scent, taste,
Now he’s flat on his back, staring at the ceiling over a super soldier’s room as said super soldier pillows his head on Tony’s shoulder, curled into a foetal position all vulnerable but still with a firm grasp around Tony’s midsection.
His eyes fall on the lower left side of Bucky’s pectoral. If he looks harder, he thinks he could see a dark patch seeping inside out like spreading ivy. He shakes his head to clear his vision.
The thing is, this is Natasha, and as far as Natasha’s concerned, this is as close as she’ll come to asking him to move in.
Except he lands hard somewhere in the waterfall area and it takes him a few seconds but he manages to pick his aching body off of the ground and bolts up into the air.
Steve may remain unchanged – at least physically if not mental – but the same can’t be said for Tony.
Tony punches his fists into his pants’ pockets and leans against the rail, “Not happening,” he tells him.
So he doesn't panic, doesn't mean he expected this. He just knows better about reality. When tomorrow comes, they'd give a call to his doctor, take it from there. As for now he walks across the room and sinks to the floor next to his lover.
“Too fast?” Steve asks softly, his own fingers carded through Tony’s hair, holding him close where they’re breathing in the same space.
It’s been a while. Been sometime since he stopped taking anti-depressant but he’s good. He genuinely feels better.
Steve’s warmth, every dip and groove of the webs between his fingers and Tony swallows as he lets the back of his head hit the head rest.
His reply seems to make Steve melt as he sags heavily down on Tony (something nags about this position in the back of his head, something very small that vanishes soon after) and chuckles. Then he buries his face into the crook of Tony’s neck.
Tony’s lips wobble, giving into a fond smile as he restarts the gentle rhythm he’s been working with subconsciously. His heart swells in his chest, expanding with no limit and he exhales lowly.
“I was busy pulling out your Steve,” Tony lies. He doesn’t say he was flying a nuke into the space and almost died from a heart attack that day.
“Thanos, Tony!” He exclaims, diving into a mile of explanation about some stones and space and Thanos, which Tony frankly finds hard to follow.
He thinks about it so much that he’s silent throughout his ride back to the tower. He’s distracted through the dinner and Pepper finally loses her patience and interferes.
However, that knowledge has never stopped humanity from wishing has it; blown out candles, shooting star, fallen tooth beneath your pillow.
He’d just started basking in the freedom from his antidepressant, after spending two weeks worrying the life of him, watching for any side effects to knock him sideways to Sunday.
It’s not. But why care about physical damages when the mental one is more daunting. He almost looks forward to the physical ones. Hope they can drown his ever-silent vault.
He takes a moment to observe the rest of his team’s reaction; Rhodey is on guard, but is steadily loosening. Wilson seems to share his emotion.
“Sorry, I don’t really know where to keep him,” Steve says abashedly, explaining why Bucky Barnes is now in the tower in Hulk’s containment, being treated by Bruce and Helen Cho.
He’s curious. But that curiosity is a mild layer of something beneath a hunk of hurt from earlier that day.
He catches him outside the elevator, but he waits until they’re both inside, stares at the one agent in there, holding the open button until that agent leaves and he rounds up on Tony.
“Shall we begin?” Rhodey clears his throat, already stood at the door leading to the Compound’s conference room, apparently for a very long time by the look he’s pinning Tony with.
It’s not even a tiny smile. He couldn’t control his facial muscles; they give. They stretch taught until his cheeks hurt from grinning
In the process, he rediscovers self-harm. Only now, it has a whole other meaning to it and it balms his frail mind each time he swipes a line of red down his inner thigh with a razor.
“In your imaginations,” he asks, still not letting up and Tony snorts at him. But Steve persists, “Am I getting fucked or are you?” He’s a little flushed in the cheeks and that’s all there is to give away his abashment.
There’s no hovering metal arm over Steve’s shoulder as he imagined but that doesn’t mean that Barnes never gave him at least a single pat since sitting beside him.
Bucky will make breakfasts and bake cakes and Tony can sit on the island and eat when he’s fed. Trail kisses down Bucky’s back, skin naked and sun kissed and they won’t waste time pulling clothes on - won’t even need them at all.
Tony shifted again and only just managed not to wince at the tender feeling in his lower back. “If I don’t joke about it, I might just go insane.”
“Yeah, well, you slipped,” Tony pointed out. “We expected that. Honestly, you were long due and, that’s all fine. It was a bit stupid of Steve to try this on his own.”
His cock didn’t taste of much of anything. There was a salty flavor, mixed with something bitter that Steve found he didn’t mind at all. After a few licks, even that was gone, and Steve lowered his head to take Tony’s length in as much as he could.
Steve smiled. It was a small fragile thing, but there nevertheless. “A friend once told me: If you can’t fix it...”
And once all those thoughts had registered, it was like the goddamn Pandora’s box—like one of those catchy tunes you couldn’t get out of your head even if you tried. It was annoying, and irritating, and babies were just freaking everywhere, okay? They were tiny and adorable, had huge alien eyes, and just the thought of Steve cradling one of these mini-humans on his beefy arms did things to Tony’s heart that couldn’t be healthy at all.
have been anyone else, Tony. It's only you." He took a shaky breath and let it out slowly. "The triggers, the visions… it’s
The line went dead after that, and Tony walked to his chair, picking up his suit jacket and slipping back into it. He adjusted his tie and took a glance into one of the blackened monitors in front of him.
Also: Thanks so much to my wonderful beta-reader morphia who didn't only correct my errors but also always listened to my whining and ranting <3
Obi took stance, his full height towering over him. “I know you got around on campus, Tony, and I never gave you a hard time about it, did I? I let you do whatever and whoever you wanted, no matter what the news called you. But now, you’re representing the company, and I told you, you need to finally grow a pair, this isn’t…” He trailed off, throwing a somewhat skewed apologetic glance in Steve’s direction, before staring back down at Tony. “No offense to Mr. Rogers, but we’re a weapons manufacturer, my boy. You really gotta stop with your little teenage experimentations.”
At that, the stern façade that had guarded Steve’s exterior faded, and he offered Sam a kind smile. “Tony’s right about that,” he complied, then made a dramatic pause that was obviously more a matter of principle than anything else. “All right,” he conceded, pointing down on the Falcon blueprints on Tony’s phone. “You know where we can get our hands on one of these?”
at his lower lip, and his tongue moved along its line in a way that brought it inside his mouth before Steve knew how to stop it.
Steve kissed the corner of Tony’s mouth while one of his hands moved down from Tony’s chest to his navel to his hipbones. Then, he dug his fingers into the flesh of his ass.
Vision sat down next to the bed and lay a hand on the small computer standing beneath the beeping heart monitor. He logged into the system and scrolled through Tony’s medical file, deeming his status acceptable. There really was no need to worry. He was about to ask Steve what exactly the doctors had said when a nurse stuck her head through the door. Her eyes widened slightly when she saw him sitting there, something he might have to get used to, but she reined herself in rather quickly. “Excuse me, Captain Rogers, there’s a young woman at the station asking to speak with you. She said she’s from Adoption Services?”
Tony took another bite, feeling a bit more like himself again. “You mean we’re braving the dating-thing again? Bold move. Assuming the world won’t open up and swallow us, as soon as we step out of here—what did you have in mind?”
Steve chuckled. He looked around for a moment, and Tony followed his gaze, knowing exactly what Steve saw. Everyone was watching them.
Tony snorted, grasping Steve’s hand after a few failed tries. “Yeah, I know that now, too. You know… after what he did to
After another moment of hesitation, Steve unhooked his towel and dropped it on the ground. His gaze lowered, the look on his face changing to one of pure need as his eyes drank in Tony’s nakedness.
As if to punish him for his insolence, Bucky placed a well-timed kick to the side of his head and sent him reeling. He shook off the blow as if it were nothing, however, and managed to get Bucky into a strangle hold for just a second.
“It’s just that Fury has that annoying habit of calling me when shit goes down,” he continued, “and with that God on the loose, I think we need to work together for a bit. I’ll be out of your hair before you know it.”
Twirling the phone in his hand, Tony put it down on his work desk with a sigh. It wasn’t that he blamed Steve. Not for all of it, at least. He’d gone too far, yes, but some part of Tony had known, from the beginning that Steve wouldn’t budge. And putting that theory to test repeatedly—it had only hurt them more. Tony guessed he had simply,
Steve frowned, and looked down, as if the damned idiot hadn’t even realized his flesh was singed to the point where his skin had turned
“Well, I don’t know. Not on her, I suppose,” Tony said, and every time their conversation came to Indries, the same guilt—the guilt Steve had mistaken for grief for too long—flashed across his face. “The sea’s had her too long. There can’t possibly be any evidence of… of what happened.”
Tony clutched to him, desperately needing to hold on while all coherent thought failed him. He needed something to keep him grounded as Steve continued to push him towards the edge.
“I know,” Tony breathed and he could see Steve’s eyes grow distant. And he knew what was going through his head because it was the same for him. That night… it was all there. The dark night sky above the city, the way the air had smelled when he’d made his way back to his domus. He’d felt a potent mixture of sadness and joy when he'd thought of leaving Rome. Sadness, because he wouldn’t see his friends for a long while, and because he wouldn’t be able to do what he’d set out to do… and joy, well. He would be starting a new life with Stephanus, and that was more important than anything else.
Thanks for all your lovely comments and encouragements. We really appreciate it. Hope you liked this part, there's more to come <3
“Helmut Zemo is on the rooftop,” T’Challa told them, his expression strangely kind. “I restrained him.”
for it, either. The guy deserved it, Steve felt, but he knew if it came to court, that excuse wouldn't really hold. He assaulted a man. What was wrong with him?
Rhodey already waited for him at the classroom’s door. They didn’t speak as they walked side by side through the corridors, and out into the car park. The silence that rode between them all the way home was so heavy, it deserved its own bus ticket.
“Nat said they found you in the Atlantic,” Bucky murmured, not moving an inch. “How long were you gone?”
He opened his eyes, and with that, Tony was gone. The strange luxurious room had vanished, leaving him cold and alone in his own bed.
“I’m just saying that if we integrate these changes at the atomic level instead of the molecular one, we’ll probably get better results,” Tony said as he stepped up next to Bruce, hands in his pockets and stance easy. He looked down at the blueprints, smiling as he realized that, yes, this could really bring the mechanics of solar inverters to a whole new level.
Ultron’s existence might have been only a few days old, but he had a frighteningly detailed understanding of the order of the universe. He’d analyzed the whole of humankind. He’d dissected how societies had been built as others had fallen. He’d memorized every great catastrophe—and deep within him, in his very core, Tony found the pure need to be feared and worshipped by creatures he deemed of lower status.
It was late noon the other day, and Tony had been playing chess against his own super-computer for almost five hours. The day had passed slowly, ticking away with a monotone of growing agony. Carol and Sam had voted for doing some Gettysburg tourism, visiting the military park, the Eisenhower historic site, doing an auto tour—the whole nine yards. Rhodey and Steve, being the military fanatics they were, had immediately agreed, and Natasha and Bucky had eventually joined them.
“Steve,” Natasha called, looking at him with a serious expression and bringing Steve back to the present. “If there’s more to it, if you have a lead, then… bring us
“Nope,” Steve agrees. “It’s bed, breakfast, lunch, dinner and snacks,” he crunches pointedly on the Cheetos. Tony glares at him.
Newton’s Third Law of Motion states that for every action, there is an equal (in size) and opposite (in direction) reaction.
“It is custom for the next person to wield Wakanda’s throne to consume the Heart-Shaped Herb which would strip them off the inherent powers in order for them to reach their ultimate capacity of their power. When I gained mine, I could see the souls residing in people’s heart. I’ve seen many since, but the brightest is the Captains and the darkest is, fittingly, yours, Mr Stark.”
He wants out but he doesn’t know how to ask without drawing any more attention than there already is on him.
He bristles. Even after seven months of therapies, he’s unable to register her absurd ideas while she watches him with twinkling amusement.
He dismantles Dum-E in a blinding rage and he bleeds from his right palm as he stares in horror at what has become of him.
Steve, standing shorter than Tony, when he looks up -  blue eyes bright behind frames of thick, darker lashes, lips pink and nose sharp - is delightfully precious.
“Wha – No! No, no, no. Of course not! I love that,” The teen blinks, bright eyes slightly misty but no threats are there to spill.
The nervous way he holds himself, unlike the commanding way he does when they’re surrounded by the others. The way his fingers don’t stop fidgeting.
He takes the seat beside Tony on the dining table and hunches over his own mug printed with garish pink ‘
And Tony, his dearest sweetheart, his sweetest fella, catches the end of his tie and brings it to his mouth. Bites it with a devilish grin and he asks, "What? This?"
They talk about all the times Tony had been or felt like he’d been assaulted or abused and hurt. He tells her about Afghanistan and New York. He tells her about Pepper and Extremis and watching Maya Hensen shot to death in front of him and she
