Steve blinked, looking back down at the card in his hand. Tony had generated codes, just for Steve? "When would I need to use the code for SI?" Steve asked softly.
"Nope," Tony shook his head. "It's actually not that bad laying on your muscled body. Which, surprising, actually."
“There’s my baby girl,” Steve cooed at her, letting her settle herself in his arms, putting her head on his shoulder. “And so good looking in your clothes. Aunt Mary always knows what she’s talking about, doesn’t she?” Mary had a little self-satisfied smirk on her face, but Steve pretended to ignore it. “Looks like somebody didn’t sleep very well last night, did they?” He could share the feeling. She babbled a little against his shoulder and Steve smiled softly, gently running his fingers over her hair. Mary smiled at him, patting his arm as she walked by, heading for the dining room and the boys.
"Petey, come here baby," Tony called out as soon as he saw his son. Peter ran to the front of the couch, Tony and Steve putting a little space between them. Tony caught Peter in his arms and brought him close, sticking him between himself and Steve. Steve put a hand on Peter's back, rubbing circles, while Tony wrapped his arms around him.
"But, I thought that Boba Fett was a bounty hunter," Steve said with a little frown. He had only seen one of the Star Wars movies so far. Tony kept telling him to wait, that he was going to make a big night out of it, because the movies had to be done in style. "Don't only Jedi has light sabers?"
"What's the difference between drinking a beer, and drinking this?" Steve asked, ever so gently tugging Tony's hand away from the crystal decanter.
“’addy,” she called out to him, and he smiled at her. Steve was still asleep, creating a warm cocoon around Jamie and Tony, arm still across Tony’s waist. “Otay?”
“This is huge, Tony,” Steve said as he walked in, looking left then right. “It looks like an apartment.”
Steve swallowed, hands opening and closing into fists. He'd seen the amateur footage of the highway, someone's cell phone from the about fifty feet away. Tony's suit had gone dark, then gone down. As several men had their hands on Tony's suit, the man who had been holding onto Meg pressed his gun to her back and suddenly she was dropping to the ground. Tony was fighting, but he wasn't strong enough to take two blows from the tazer stick they had. Steve still had bruises from his own encounter with it.
"Sir," Jarvis spoke up from the phone as a loud howling wind sounded from outside. "Might I suggest finding shelter for the suit? Conditions are not safe to fly in it for the next several hours, to possibly overnight."
"There's no room for common sense in science," Tony threw back jovially. He took a breath and let his serious tone take over. "I really need your help, here, Bruce." Tony pulled out a small silver device from his pocket. He placed his thumb over the little groove and a little needle shot out, taking a sample of his blood. "I think that I may be in over my head, and I'm running out of time." Tony sucked on his thumb and watched the small screen light up with results. "51% Toxicity"
“I should probably eat breakfast,” Steve admitted as he took Tony’s hands, levering himself up as well. Tony leaned up to run his hands through Steve’s hair, and he winced a little. “I didn’t even think about what that looked like. I heard Jamie through the baby monitor and I was rolling out of bed without thinking.”
Only a few moments later, Tony was going down the stairs to the workshop, punching in his code, and pushing the door open. "Jarvis, you up down here?"
, his body. “Allow me to help.” Steve sluggishly lifted his head back up to look at the woman. “Hail Hydra.”
"I was talking about kids!" Tony laughed. "Heaven help us all if the day comes that you have a child of your own."
“Sir, I’d like to inform you that the delivery you requested last night is inside the suite,” Jarvis told him as he was fitting Jamie against his chest. Tony grabbed his phone and grinned.
"He's still in there if you're calling me that," Steve responded softly. "I'm not looking for the same exact guy from the Forties, I ain't the same either." He caught Bucky's eyes rolling a little. "Yeah, got myself a fella who takes care of my punk ass when I keep getting into fights."
"I have the perfect place to put him," Tony growled under his breath. "Let's just get out of here." He tried to dodge Steve's hand when he tried to look at his mouth. He grabbed the briefcase that that Hill had dropped to the floor when she pulled her weapon and walked out of the room. Thor walked behind Loki, guiding him out of the room, Steve following. Today was already turning out to be an interesting day, and it wasn't even lunch time.
He glanced down street and saw the black car rolling up to the curb. Tony held his breath, shock running through his body suddenly. He had seen this scene, seen it just this morning. Mary stepped forward and the back door opened, and an excited Peter was throwing himself into Mary's arms. Tony was glancing around, looking for something, anything.
"Close it," he said brokenly through the coms. He looked away, then forced himself to look back up as the portal closed. He owed this to Tony, owed it to Peter, and to Mary. He swore he felt it as the portal closed, the air feeling lighter, the sky looking clearer-
“Flare?” Steve’s eyes flicked immediately to the side as Ruby came to check on Tony, hearing the anger in Steve’s voice.
"Because, yesterday, and today, was someone else's birthday," Tony answered lowly. "And aliens invaded. They might have lost someone they loved. I don't get to celebrate my birthday when someone else's day was filled with terrible sadness and fear." Steve opened his mouth but Tony was already walking out of the kitchen.
"I doubt very much that you would be capable of that at this moment," Loki told him, the bastard looking relaxed. "You have seen, and heard, many things. You went through the portal, you saw what-"
"Then I'll be there for moral support," Steve said, not giving up. Tony let out a sigh as they approached the black town-car. He caught Tony eyeing one of his sport cars for a second, before motioning to the black vehicle with one hand.
“Did I miss something?” Tony whispered to Steve, watching Peter with Jamie. “Is he dying? Is she dying? Am I dying,… again?”
“Let’s cut some cake,” Rachel said as she swooped in to take the cake from Steve’s hands. Jamie reached out for her Papa and Steve happily bundled her up in his arms, blowing a raspberry on her cheek. She squealed and pushed at Steve’s face a little, wiggling her body. Steve laughed, holding her close.
"I asked Clint and Natasha the same thing," Steve murmured. "Never did get an answer, but I think this man is working alone. This AIM, or whoever they are, they aren't interested in following us, or trying to kill us. At least not exclusively. I think we're experiencing the bad luck of fighting two different enemies at the same time."
Peter hopped down him booster seat and went to start opening the windows int he living room at the same time that there was a knock on the front door. Tony groaned and hurried over, grabbing his hat and sunglasses, before opening it. He blinked when he saw Steve standing there.
Tony groaned a little. "Well, there goes the surprise." He rubbed his face a little and walked over to Bruce. "Yeah, that's Mary there, but we're not a thing. Like I said, we're friends, who also happen to be co-parents?" Bruce raised his eyebrows, again, at Tony. "That's our son, Peter. He turned six last October."
"When you say it like that, I get the feeling that it's going to be personal." Mary stopped, her hair pulled back, practicing some hand-to-hand on a dummy. "I don't think it's about Peter, and you're not blushing, so not about my love life."
“Don’t think this means you get to get out of laundry duty,” Tony warned Steve. The blonde winked at him as Bucky got up from the floor. “Ooo, you are playing this game, aren’t you?”
"Sir, Dr Banner requests your presence in his lab," Jarvis spoke up, thankfully quietly. "It does seems urgent." He let out a little groan, then pushed himself up, tablet still in hand, and headed downstairs. Tony trusts Jarvis to get through to the information while he's working with Bruce.
I was moved by your words, and lo! A new chapter appears! He's a more sweet one, which will be followed by what I hope is a heart clenching one. Because, I'm evil. :D Nah, but I love seeing how much everyone likes this fic! And since I got full points on a big class assignment, and then finished some homework a week early, I let myself work on this with reckless abandon! So here you guys go!
"In their rooms, Captain," Jarvis answered immediately. "I have locked the door." Bucky let out a pained grunt as Natasha pressed both Widow Bites to his metal arm, disarming it. As Steve moved over to them, Natasha and Clint were suddenly moving, switching places, and Clint was using his bow to try and bring Bucky down to the ground. Bucky kept moving though, and Steve knew that he could handle himself for the moment.
"-ny??" Tony turned his head and saw Rhodey in front of him, trying to get his attention, Peter still coughing, now trying to catch his breath.
Tony’s mouth is slightly open, his face turned towards the window, as though he fell asleep watching the sunset or the stars. With every breath he lets out slowly, the hand on his stomach curls and uncurls in the loose folds of his open shirt. And the arc reactor glows.
Bruce hesitates, tapping his finger against the town while he thinks. “I saw strange lights. The rest, just hearsay, but there’s enough of it
There’s a note of bitterness in his voice, Steve notices. There often is, with this Tony. Steve shrugs, rolling his shoulders – he’s practically back to normal now; no lasting side effects from the ice – and they lapse into silence for the remainder of the elevator ride. At the top, Steve steps out into the gallery ready to breathe a sigh of relief at the sight and feel of something familiar, but the place is empty and too, too silent. The air hangs heavy with dust and what few pictures and artefacts there are out on display have been covered by dust sheets. It feels dead.
The man sucks in a breath and looks at his watch and says, “I’ll make it up to you in, uh, ten months, I think. And five seconds. And ninety years, wow, this never gets less confu-”
He scoops the robot up off the floor and grabs a screwdriver from somewhere among the bar paraphernalia. As Steve turns away, stepping into the elevator, he can hear Tony still speaking: “Look, I’ll take these devil claws off and we’ll find you something else to do. It’ll be fine.”
“Generally, I didn’t have enough food for that. Maybe richer folk were comfort eating behind closed doors. You’ve, uh, you’ve got some in your...” Steve waves a hand at his chin.
Bruce, examining the singed light fittings, throws his hands over his ears and grimaces. Across the room, Barton is already talking loudly and rapidly into his earpiece. He snaps his fingers at Tony, points at his ear and mouths, “Hill.”
Natasha smirks at him and sucks the dregs of her drink noisily up through her straw, cheeks hollowed. Once it’s all gone, she plucks a piece of ice from the bottom of her glass and pops it into her mouth, chews it with a slow, deliberate crunch.
He pulls his shirt off – he didn’t like it much anyway – and he presses it over the other’s chest. He presses his hand over the metal in his other chest.
Tony leaps up out of his chair, sending it rolling across the floor until it bounces off the wall behind him. When Fury keeps on walking, Tony follows him to the door and through it, grabbing him by the arm as the door swings shut behind them.
“Don’t. No offence, but whether you’re Tony Stark or Iron Man you’re extremely – noticeable. This needs to... not
. I’m sitting in an underground bunker with a bored superspy, the Big Sleep and the not so jolly, green giant, working on some of the most advanced – and coolest – tech in the world. I’m unique. Have you tried making new friends? Getting a new hobby? Developing an addiction to internet porn and-or World of Warcraft?”
since New York. Who knew alien invasion would be so bad for the space tourism industry? But you, people like.”
Tony smiles brightly at it, and says, “You’re super-secret, we’re just plain super. You fell face first into the black leather clothes store, we’re about five sequins and Black Widow’s hair extensions short of a drag queen on Mardi Gras. How’s that supposed to work together? I mean, have you
Something about the sight of it makes the hair on the back of Steve’s neck prickle uncomfortably. It is, at first glance, so thoroughly ordinary – practically a toy gun or a cartoon prop, its appearance is so basic, like an overgrown handgun in a child’s drawing – but it unsettles Steve. And not just because of the HYDRA logo scratched into the side. The whole thing sits wrongly, somehow, lines curved strangely, edges blurred, as if they’re looking at it through water that’s very clear but very deep. It makes his eyes itch.
“You made a joke? Captain America: can’t get drunk, can make jokes? And you told me you had no mystique.” Tony waggles a finger at him, then abruptly turns the gesture into a wave of his hand, motioning for Steve to follow him.
In Steve’s crummy little apartment, Tony leans forward in Steve’s crummy little chair, scribbling notes on the back of a crummy little envelope.
Patting Steve on the head with his free hand – Steve’s knees buckle – he stamps away to the end of the crocodile Clint has arranged. Up ahead, Steve can see Iron Man drifting over everyone’s heads, shouting, “Make way, make way, crime-fighting in progress! Superheroes coming through!”
Nobody says yes, but nobody says no either. His gaze lingers on Sofia, who shakes her head. The crowd is shifting, beginning to come back to life and climb to their feet. Thor has disappeared, but he’s left his cape behind; a group of reporters in the front row are huddled underneath it.
Steve examines them all closely, for a little while, and then he hefts his bundle of clothes higher and pulls his towel tighter. He walks past a row of firmly shut doors to the laundry chute JARVIS had indicated, but the door at the end of the row is slightly ajar. No lights are on inside the room, but the far wall is all windows, and as Steve passes he catches a glimpse of a bare bed, bare walls, a closet door half-open with a few shirts poking out. Hesitating, he reaches out a hand and gives the door a gentle push. It swings open easily. The bed looks as if it’s been reinforced with steel.
Fury nods slowly. He drums his fingers on his leather-clad arm and then nods again, sharper, and he says, “Okay. Stark, I see your point. Romanoff, Barton, you’re reassigned.”
“It wasn’t worth it.” Suddenly Tony is right in front of him, leaning over him. They’re in an empty room that Steve almost recognises.
He lands in the sand, coughing, hacking. He spits up water. The suit weighs him down, but as he begins to crawl out of it he can feel that parts are missing, left behind to be eaten up by fire or to fall out of the sky, but some of it stayed. Some of it stayed.
Agent Romanoff tilts her head to the side, gazing up at him in consideration. There’s something amused deep down in her eyes that makes him feel like she’s staring at the punchline of a joke.  He hopes it’s a good one.
“Something you said a couple months ago gave me the idea,” he says. “Woulda been done weeks ago, but bureaucracy, you know how it is – what am I saying? No, you don’t. Let’s just say, thank god I already had Stark Phone to paper over the legal cracks. How do geniuses who aren’t billionaires ever get anything done? Seriously.”
If nothing else, it’s warm and the fire is crackling. He realises, halfway through the third episode of this celebrity dancing show (he doesn’t know anyone on it, but Ms Potts assured him nobody does, not even the other contestants), there’s a little robot stoking the fire and periodically sucking up ash with sad beeping noise.
Tony grins at Steve, wide enough and bright enough that Steve wouldn’t be surprised to find a picture of him licking a jet in his mail tomorrow. Steve sighs, propping his elbows up on the railing, and he smiles out at the Hudson. It’s only when mint choc chip drips onto his fingers that he remembers to lick his own cone.
“No, I... Well, I.” He cuts himself off and lets out a low breath. After a moment’s hesitation, his lips twist upwards into a rueful smile. “You’d probably think it was dumb.”
Steve turns and walks numbly back to the monitors. The screens come back to life in a wave as he watches them, starting in the top left corner and then spreading out, the images flickering back and forth until they settle on a channel; until finally, all of the screens are lit and humming. It’s Central Park, Steve realises, from dozens of different angles. He scans them all, searching for whatever it is the computer is trying to show him, but there’s nothing.
Tony makes a beeline for the couch the second he’s through the door. He flops down onto it and swings his feet up to rest on the coffee table. Leans his head back, closes his eyes. He can feel a headache building, scratching at the back of his brain. He listens to the noises that move around him: the departing chopper; five new pairs of footsteps filling up his tower; the sound of someone, gently, closing the balcony door behind them. Steve, Tony figures, or maybe Bruce.
“Experiencing technical difficulties,” Tony grits out. He’s cradling his hand awkwardly to his chest, holding his whole arm stiffly. There’s no Iron Man gauntlet or contraption or device; only Tony’s bare hand from which he somehow shot a repulsor blast.
Steve crouches down next to the bed. It brings his eyes level with Tony’s face and up this close he can see a smudge of motor oil under Tony’s ear and another on the inside of his wrist. He can see a streak of ink along Tony’s jaw, as if he were tapping his chin with a pen and his hand slipped. Steve can picture it and can imagine Tony’s cursing; he smirks to himself.
a but. We can’t run off and – and do whatever it is you’re beating around the bush about, just because we happened to run into a robbery.”
“Sofia,” he says, hand on his heart. “You stick with the team, I’ll send Cap to the kid’s birthday party.”
“The bag of grain is warmed,” Thor declares, wiggling his fingers in the now-broken microwave obliviously, “and yet the air inside the magic box is not! My father will be most impressed when I tell him of this sorcery.”
Steve flexes, and Tony carefully notes down the new measurement. Then he looks up. “I know I haven’t been completely clear with you. That hasn’t been fair. I can’t drag you out of an icecap – hell, maybe out of an entire parallel universe – and then not tell you what’s going on. But I’m a secretive person, and I haven’t had to share my secrets in…” He pauses, hands loosening as he looks away; Steve follows his gaze to the surveillance monitors. “In a long time. So ask whatever questions you need to ask, but trust me if I say I can’t tell you something. Deal?”
- and, after a moment of peering around, shrugs and leaves them against the wall. Tony’s chatter is like a trail of breadcrumbs to follow, Steve padding along after it in his socks.
“Yeah,” Steve manages. He swallows once, heavily, and then again. He doesn’t need this. He doesn’t need the feel of Tony’s heartbeat under his skin. He doesn’t need –
At Steve’s mulish expression, Tony rolls his eyes. “I can’t just turn it on, you know. Really, cannot. Believe me, I’ve tried. It’s a reflex. Needs stimulus to trigger a reaction. Think of it like you’re testing my knee with a hammer. Or we could get Thor,” he adds, with a smirk. “And his hammer.”
“You’ll want Mr Stark’s personal elevator,” he says as he pulls the door back open again. “Black one in the corner. It’ll take you straight down to the basement garage for your bike once you’re done here.”
Apparently that’s what Steve was waiting for, because he relaxes minutely before he tenses up again, leaping to his feet and disappearing over the top of the table in one smooth movement. Tony gets up slower. Glass is still tinkling and crunching all around them. Romanoff and Barton look relatively unfazed as they follow Steve around to the front of the stage, Barton already murmuring into his earpiece and Romanoff pausing on the sidelines to help Sofia to her feet, but Bruce rubs at his throat, wincing. Steve must have tugged him down too.
, which is never a – very good idea. I didn’t find them, anyway, but what I did find were a lot of rumours about something like a HYDRA base in the Atacama desert.”
Steve laughs. He presses an open-mouthed kiss to the side of Tony’s jaw. His hand is warm on Tony’s stomach.
The man straightens his shirt cuffs. The whole suit looks wrong, like no clothes Steve has ever seen before, but the cufflinks are the strangest part; they’re faintly glowing.
“Because up till now, Thor’s folks were the only people we knew with the technology to travel between worlds.”
Sure enough, up in that same, familiar guest room with the terrific view, there are a few spare sets of clothes in Steve’s size. He carefully unbuttons his shirt and leaves it draped over the back of the desk chair, and he pulls a soft, grey sweatshirt on over his undershirt. Then he just sits down on the edge of the bed and stares out the windows. Tony sure knew what he was doing when he put him in a room with a view like this.
“Okay,” he whispers, spreading his fingers over the arc reactor. His hand is still too small to cover it.
“No, I’ll survive,” Steve says. He watches the blood run back and forth as Tony turns it over and over in his hands. “If you sold that on eBay, you’d make a fortune.”
“Agent Carter,” Steve says, expression softening. “Peggy. But you know I didn’t meet her until after you were… gone. I loved her one hell of a lot. If I’d had a chance to go on that date with her…”
He drops his hand when Steve doesn’t respond, though he’s still smiling faintly as he looks away, rummaging around the clutter for a screwdriver. Natasha pushes the portal gun back towards him and Tony grabs at it eagerly. He runs his thumb along the barrel until he finds that panel again, jabbing the end of the screwdriver into the edge with a satisfied smirk.
At the sound of Steve’s voice, Tony seems to shake himself and he grins, hooking a finger into the collar of his t-shirt and tugging it outwards to peer down at his chest. The blue glow washes over his face.
Tony waits, watching Steve fiddle with his ugly leather jacket and straighten the collar of his ugly plaid shirt. He taps the dial of his watch when Steve looks up at him.
Tony twitched his nose a little, then poured more tea in the mug for Bruce. "When Cap came to talk to you yesterday, was it awkward?" What kind of opening line was that?
"I had tons of fun!" Peter grinned, then he saw Coulson. "Hi, Phil." Peter smiled and waved at the agent. Tony raised an amused eyebrow at Mary.
In DC he had a lot of time to think about Tony, to think about what they had started out as, (barely even friends), and what they were now. Steve couldn't see himself without Tony, now, but they had to talk about a few things. Spending that time in DC, the new information about Hydra and SHIELD, about who they could trust. He rolled his neck a few times and slipped on his shirt before leaving the bathroom. Tony was still on the bed, lying on his side this time. He looked up and smiled at Steve, then waved him over.
"You weren't walking until you were One, mister," Tony told him, scooting a bit with Peter so Jamie could see him better. She was leaning a bit in Steve's lap, finding Peter fascinating. "She can crawl though, so it shouldn't be too much longer."
"Don't waste it. Don't waste your life." Yinsen looked into Tony's eyes. "Get back to your son." Tony stayed with him, until he took his last breath. Tony turned his head to the exit to the cave, face set, determination, and revenge, coursing through his veins. He was going to end this.
“Reed has been so focused on this multiverse project. He’s been ignoring other duties,” Sue sighed. “He hasn’t slept beside me in a week.”
The Frost Giant seemed entranced by it. He stepped into it without a word. Doctor Strange then closed the portal. The fiery sparks disappeared. Steve was staring at that in disbelief.
Carson Wyche appears in the 2008 Invincible Iron Man comic series as an employee in Tony Stark's company, Resilient. He's one of Tony's good friends in the comics and I love their dynamics, which was why I brought him into this AU.
“We have glorious views from where I come from,” Thor grinned. He sat back and described his house to his friends. “I live in a townhouse in the capital city, and at times, I go to the port with my younger brother Loki.”
“I was in… some sort of a limbo,” Tony frowned. “But… I was also at my old house. Where I lived when I was younger, with Jarvis and all.”
“I am happy, Tony. I’m actually happy to see you,” Steve said. “I just hate the circumstances of our meeting.”
Here's the next update for this story. Thank you so much for all your support! I truly appreciate it, guys!
“No way,” Clint jumped in. “Punishment is punishment. They gotta cook the breakfast! Ana, let them do it.”
“Thanks Thor, and guys,” Tony smiled sincerely. “But yeah, this is what we've done so far. Introducing ourselves to one another. And sounding genuine..”
“I’m so glad they are alright,” Wanda asserted. She was smiling. She was ready to let the past be the past and work with all of them again.
The master bedroom had a queen size bed. The room was painted royal red and had a bathroom attached to it. It had a huge window, from which one could look at the side of the house. There was a big wooden cupboard, which was locked. Opposite the bed was a powder table. Their mother sure knew how to live luxuriously.
Steve was lying down on the spare bed. Baby Tony was sleeping on his chest. Baby Natasha was hugging Steve’s belly, she was on his right. Baby Wanda was on his left and she too had a hand on Steve’s belly. Baby Clint was sleeping on Steve’s thighs, his thumb was in his mouth. Baby Bruce’s head was on Steve’s left shoulder. And baby Bucky’s head was on his right shoulder. They were all asleep and looked so peaceful.
Tony wanted to tell Jarvis to send him a suit so that he could fly away from here. But looking at Steve staring at him expectantly made him realize that running away from Steve or his problems wasn’t going to fix anything. He had to face this head on. So, he had to be honest about his feelings, face Steve’s rejection and deal with whatever sadness coming his way head on. He needed to do this so that Steve could have his answer and so that he wouldn’t be running away every time Steve entered the same room as him.
“So obviously friend Tony wasn’t kidnapped,” Thor pointed out. “Either he had a really bad stomach or something has happened to him.
Hi guys, I was supposed to update this fic a long time ago. Sadly, my laptop crashed and I lost every single fic of mine, including this which I was close to completing. I had to re-write every single work of mine, and many are still WIPs.
**Also, the Puddle of Truth in this story is entirely fictional. I came up with that at 12 in the morning when I was writing this.**
Once they entered Tony’s level, the little boy ran to his room. Since the room wasn’t touched for a long time (Tony moved in to Steve’s quarters six months ago), it looked really neat. Everything was clean. Tony jumped onto his bed, and squealed when he saw the Avengers teddy bears laid out for him. He took the Captain America one and hugged it.
“Jokes huh.” Sam scooped baby Wanda into his arms. He flung her around, which made her scream excitedly, and placed her down.
“If you stand at the platform, you can look up and see a little dome curved towards you. That’s what helps transport a person to the selected universe,” Reed said. “I’m going to switch on the power, don’t worry. Just see and hear the machine come to life, and then you can step out.”
“Adagio Eats Cafe. The best dish according to employee surveys is their meatball Parmesan sandwich ,” he replied.
“His pulse is too weak. He must be using all his willpower to stay alive,” Reed sighed. “He really needs the medics.”
Natasha pushed Bruce out of the jet without any warning. Bucky’s eyes widened at that. She, followed by Thor, Wanda and Clint, jumped out of the jet. Tony immediately pressed the “close” button to shut the entrance. As the entrance was closing, the others in the jet heard the distinctive roar from the Hulk.
Steve let out a laugh. He then looked down, trying to locate Tony. But the crowd was too much, and he couldn’t find him.
Tony vaguely registered a soothing British voice calling him. He brushed it off and turned to the other side of the bed to continue sleeping.
Tony flew as fast as he could and caught the little boy, who was crying. They flew past the others and landed in the convenience store.
“Babe! There’s a new cafe that they just opened here. I’ll take you there from your school before I go off with Thor to meet my professor. Wait for me at the entrance, okay!”
She sat beside him. Steve could feel her eyes on him, but he didn’t want to look at her. All he wanted to do was curl up into a ball and never see anyone again.
Bucky was looking inside with awe. He could see some doors. He also saw some expensive lighting. But he didn’t want to go in.
The rest of them settled down for a nap. They were having jet lag issues and couldn’t keep their eyes open. The vehicle’s air conditioner blasting at them wasn’t helping. As the others slowly drifted off into another round of sleep, Jarvis turned the volume of the radio up slightly to let the music accompany him.
Jarvis immediately showed him all the reports and footage of the Hulk through the holographic screen. And Tony read the report while watching the footage. He saw the Hulk fighting the Abomination on a street. He also saw the footage of the Avengers, with Hulk fighting alongside them.
They all ran into the living room. They weren’t expecting a hole formed at the end of their hallway though.
“Steve,” she took in a breath. “You want to fix things, you need to give Tony some time before he’s ready to actually see you again.”
Tony was still in the room. He was looking down at the backyard. Wanda and Natasha were on the swing set. They were laughing at something. Both of them were talking with strong hand gestures, which meant they were alright with one another. Clint joined them after a while. He gave the swing a push, which made both the women laugh out with joy. They looked like little kids, having fun. It had been very long since Tony saw his teammates this relaxed. He was enjoying the moment; this was a break they all needed, earned in fact.
“Agent Coulson is here with a mission, boss,” the AI replied promptly. “The team is gathering at the situation room now.”
“Alright, let’s go,” Tony said once everyone seemed to be done with their lunch. The rest of them stood up with their milkshakes in their hands, while Bruce was still eating. “Bring it along!” Tony smiled.
So, the leader of the Frost Giants, who has the stone now had sent one of his people to negotiate for the second half of the stone, in a manner that Steve detests.
After finding a locker for their bag, the six of them walked briskly to the roller coaster ride. Soon, they were seated, secured and ready to ride. Once the green light was given, everyone sat back, feeling the adrenaline starting to pump. When the roller coaster picked up speed, Thor started to scream a manly scream, and made Bruce crack up. When the roller coaster speedily descended, Thor’s high-pitched screaming reached an even more impossible higher pitch.
Once inside the limousine, Natasha kicked out her heels. There were blisters formed on the back of her feet. Clint offered to massage her legs, and forcefully pulled them to him when she politely refused. Bruce was feeling a little tipsy; he had a tad too much of wine. He placed his head on Thor’s shoulder and rested, hiccuping at random times. Thor simply sat back, and made sure Bruce was feeling fine. He was also watching what Steve and Tony were up to. Which was nothing much. The two of them were looking out of the window, and Tony was snuggled cozily onto Steve.
Bruce woke up with a cough. He rubbed his eyes and tried to stop the coughing fit. Steve pat his back but it didn’t help much. Tony gave Bruce the bottled water.
The others were looking at the car, not knowing what to say. They’ve been here for only over a day and they already felt like they were soaked into the rich life.
Rhodey gave him a skeptical look. “Well, worst things could have happened.” Steve internally cringed at that. “So, you’re on comms with them?”
“We will.” Natasha and the king shook hands. She then walked into the jet. T’Challa walked back to his lab.
Tony turned to face Bruce, who was busy keying in something in his computer. And then he remembered something. “Doktor Banner! I have a question!”
Thor threw the soft remnants of the stone at the portal. He then raised his hammer up to get some lightning. Tony fired his unibeam straight into the middle of the portal while Thor poured lightning into it with full power.
Tony stared at Bruce blankly. Of course he was fine, or at least that’s what he always told anyone who asked him if he was ok. “I am. I think, I am really interested to look at where I’ll be sleeping.”
Tony found himself tossing and turning on his bed. He woke up, feeling sweat dripping down his forehead. His room was really dark, and Natasha wasn’t beside him anymore. He was having a little nightmare of his dad chasing him around the house. He still felt scared, and lightly shaken. He didn’t like being alone in a big room right after a nightmare. So he did what he always did after a nightmare.
After a few minutes of looking through the menus, Steve went to order and was coming back with Tony’s and his food. Tony decided to order a cup of latte and a slice of rainbow cake, and Steve decided to order apple pie and a cup of orange juice. Really Steve? Orange juice?
She took the ice pack from Jarvis and placed it on Steve’s left cheek. Her soft lips wobbled, holding back the many words she wished she could tell someone.
Bruce stared him. After a while, he took the toy. He gave Clint an endearing grin. Clint grinned back. Linda seized this opportunity to finally feed him. She let out a satisfied sigh, which made Steve snicker.
Tony suddenly felt Steve’s muscles contracting. He gulped, knowing Steve just got angry. But he had continued hugging Tony, and Tony simply melted into the warmth.
“You think you had enough?!” Howard sneered. He took a step forward and was in Tony’s personal space. Tony immediately took a step back and his back was hitting the door. He could smell the alcohol reeking from his father. “Yeah one bad experience and you had enough! Be a man, Tony. Stark men are made of iron! Don’t be a spineless prick!”
Tony immediately threw the magnifying glass he was holding onto the table. He raised both his hands up and looked at Bruce. Then he started to laugh. Kayla left the basement, chuckling.
“Hey uh, if it’s not going to hurt your ego or anything, can you drop me in New York?” Scott asked. “I’d like to go back to my daughter first.” Natasha glared at Scott while Steve immediately started to look at his palms.
“Same feeling here, Clint,” Tony straightened up. “But we need to prepare in case Strucker decides to strike.”
“Glad you fellows are making it up,” Natasha said as she walked into the kitchen. She poured more juice into a cup.
“Maybe all these… was worth it,” Tony sighed. He looked up at the ceiling. “I mean… adult me gets to meet you. That’s enough reason to be happy!”
Tony thought Steve bought that crappy explanation because Steve was nodding his head, looking up at the Brooklyn Bridge.
Thank you so much for sticking with the story and series so far! Your support means the world to me!
Clint then thought it’ll be fun to push Tony down and jump onto him, in the water. He crept up behind him and did a countdown to himself. And then, he dashed down to where Tony’s back was.
“Alright guys,” Tony yawned. “Let’s go for lunch. It’s just that down there, near the seaside, a nice burger place.”
Rhodey sighed in absolute frustration. “General, Tony and I have spoken about this to you several times. The Avengers who went into hiding are allowed back if there are big threats, like the one they just faced.”
guy was. “Sure ma’am. I’ll try to find him and give him uh… a firm lecture.” He turned to look at Peter, giving him the are-you-serious look.
“I uh, I need to talk to the team about the stone in a while,” Bruce said. “That can kind of wait though.” Bruce could feel the awkwardness hanging in the air. But he decided to ignore it.
“That’s common,” little Tony shrugged, still hanging on to Natasha. “Dad dealt with the press. I always saw them outside my house, or even Stark International. Speaking of which, how’s dad’s company?”
“Sam!” Tony sighed in relieve. “Before you get here, bring in some flamethrowers. They’re in the S.H.I.E.L.D weapons vault in level 54! Quick!”
He tried to put her back into the cot, but Natasha started to whimper. So he brought her back to his shoulder. He brushed her hair slowly, while she snuggled closer to his neck. He didn’t care if his hands started to feel numb or have the pins and needles sensation. He didn’t care if his legs started to hurt or if he started to feel sleepy. As long as little Natasha felt comfortable and safe in his arms, he didn’t let her go.
“You’d think that,” Steve said. “Of course you’d think that. That’s why you ran away that night, because you never wanted to tell me about your feelings. What if I never found out? Would you still have told me?”
“Is he still calling?” Rhodey asked Tony. He kept his volume low because he didn’t really want the others to hear. “You know I can take it and deal with it, right?”
Rhodey didn’t say anything. He just disconnected and ended the video call, to show him what he had meant.
Natasha turned to Tony. She too did not know about the location yet. Tony felt the stare. He cleared his throat. “East Somerville, Boston.”
Tony hugged Steve, and placed his head on his chest. Steve curled his arms around Tony. They sat there in silence, living in the moment and appreciating each other’s presence. They both then closed their eyes, feeling at absolute peace.
Jarvis identified a couple running around looking for a child right outside the park. Tony immediately flew down to them.
Tony had seen this. He immediately spat out the drink violently, spilling it on his blanket and some on Bruce’s hands. He started to laugh, and pointed at the mess. Steve turned behind to find a pouting Thor and a Clint struggling to push the bed away. It took only a few more seconds and the four of them were laughing together. It wasn’t long before Thor joined in and Clint started to chuckle.
“Because…” Tony willed his tears not to rise. “Because Steve deserves someone better, Clint. He’s a good guy. He needs someone who is not a major fuck up, someone who can be there for him and someone who is… I guess on the same level as Steve.”
He stopped moving the arm. He slowly turned to look at Tony with a serious expression settled on his face. “Why?” He nodded at his new arm. Plus he couldn’t help but ask.
Thor and Iron Man were still in Iceland with the stone. But it was close to getting very soft, so they were mentally preparing themselves to shut the portal.
It was a love lock - a padlock with romantic words written on it. Tony read the words that were written in permanent marker.
“You alright, punk?” Bucky asked. He was giving Steve the pity look. He placed his metal arm on Steve’s shoulder. “You sure about this?”
“Mr. Stark?” Jenny looked thrilled to see him. “I’m good. How are you? Yesterday was quite eventful.”
Tony’s soft features turned into a grimace within a matter of seconds. He moved away from Steve as if he had scalded him.
Iron Man was doing one last reconnaissance in the air, ensuring no clowns dressed in an ugly yellow suit was prancing around the street. Once done, he landed beside Steve, who was checking on Clint’s elbow. Natasha was also checking on Clint, making sure he was fine.
“You’re trying to tell me that you like me, and I like you, and we have been living a lie for so long?” he asked, feeling himself smile.
Thor and Frost Giant didn’t see where they were going. Both of them wrestled till they were at the edge of the roof. Thor tripped and he pulled the Frost Giant with him, falling straight down to the pavement and letting go of his hammer accidentally. As his hands were occupied, Thor couldn’t call his hammer on time.
He wheeled himself away from them, speeding towards the lab doors. They whooshed open for him and he breezed away from them.
Bruce smiled at her and gave her shoulder a pat. “That’s really sweet. I mean… yeah, that’s nice to hear. I’m so glad Barton decided to help you instead of bully you. That’s something.”
Steve felt tears prickle his eyes. But he didn’t let them reach the surface. He brushed back Tony’s hair, and smiled at him. “That’s true. But now that we’re both here, I bet we can play a game of tag, or anything.”
“But seriously,” Sam said. He decided to change the topic. “Does he know? Have you told him about your feelings?”
They continued to cruise down the road, enjoying the view and each other’s company. Thor then spoke about how he was beginning to love the West Coast more. He loved the seaside and simply wished to live in a beach house.
He breathed in and out, trying to calm himself down. Today was a Saturday. What was Obadiah doing inside Stark Industries’ West Branch building…? Tony knew that Obadiah and Howard had decided to work at home on the weekends, so that they could get rest. The only time they went back to the office on a weekend was when they had a press or PR problem.
They reached the house. The lawn was pretty small and very neat. The path up the entrance of the house was a short one. There were some little stairs up to the front door. Once up on the porch, there was a marble table with two chairs on the left. There was a suspended light bulb right above it. The house looked pretty grand on the outside.
She walked up the stairs. She let out a long yawn before opening the door to the kids’ room. She was not prepared to look at the scene in front of her.
“There really are many questions we have,” Jessica sighed. She kicked one of the Frost Giants at his crotch, sending him back.
The Wii set was located at the same level, at the end of the hallway, right beside Thor’s and Bruce’s room. Clint and Natasha were using it first after Jarvis helped them set up. They were playing bowling and then had a dance match.
“He’s still in your team. And we all know you care for him and he cares for you but it’s an unspoken thing. Also, everyone knows about your little crush on him…” Wanda smiled a little.
“Formula milk, some books, some toys, clothes, baby soap, powder, shampoo, baby food, towels, wipes and whatever we see as useful when we’re looking around,” Kayla listed down. Tony was just overwhelmed.
At Business School, Clint was walking down the concourse briskly, looking absolutely pissed. He was looking at every single study table for either Fisk or Wesley. He was breathing in and out heavily, not focusing on where he was. Just needed to see either face and punch it inwards was what Clint was hoping to do.
“Hulk, Tony is already making his way up!” Clint tried. But the mention of Tony’s name aggravated the Hulk even further. He tried to move, but Thor’s grip was so strong, even the Incredible Hulk couldn’t move forward.
At this time, Tony realized something. “You know, if my dad had found you earlier, this would’ve been us then!”
And he came, picturing Tony begging him for touch. He spilled his seed deep inside Tony and let out a growl as his orgasm crashed onto him. Steve closed his eyes, as it had begun rolling. He kept moaning Tony’s name out, and rocked his hips.
Just then, Steve walked to where Sam was seated. He saw what Bruce was holding and was just staring at him in shock. He raised his eyebrows.
Scott was looking up at the skies. The night sky was slowly turning pinkish-orange, which meant dawn was settling. A shiver ran down his spine, he was only wearing shorts and a top. He wrapped his arms around himself.
“If it’s any consolation, Karen helped us tick the box before submitting. If you’re really pissed, try to figure out who messed up with the pairing results,” Natasha told him, speaking quickly while sounding pissed. She walked out of the apartment and slammed the door behind her.
"No no no no no," Spiderman kept mumbling that, as if it was a chant. Danny swung an arm around him and pulled him closer.
Tony opened his suit and stepped out of it. His head had a little scratch, and it was coated with blood. Of course, there was a little pain. But it’s not to such a great degree. “I’m fine. You’re okay right?” Tony asked. All of them began walking to where Fury was standing, near a S.H.I.E.L.D van, which was a few meters away from them.
Tony could only wonder what kind of a reaction Jarvis would have if he told him about Sunset Bain. And then something dawned on him. “Wait. You are worried if Steve might end up hurting me like Frost? But… not… you don’t mind me dating another guy…?”
“No wait don’t distract me using your seductiveness,” Tony rolled his eyes. Steve snorted. “Steve, what happened to the communal level?!”
And that was how Steve found himself running after a hyperactive little Tony down the hallway. Both of them collided onto Thor, who proudly declared he had found Tony. The three of them walked to Tony’s lab together, with Thor piggybacking an excited Tony.
“Tony…  Stark,” Thor slowly spoke. “It’s alright. I’ll take care of him. Let him go. We need to… take care of our injured ones.”
“Oh Tony,” Steve raised his eyebrows. “But, he said he’d keep it in another dimension. So he bought us time. So Bruce, it’s not exactly in New York.”
Tony was wearing a shiny grey three-piece suit. His tie was light brown, and pants was just perfect for him. His face had a good amount of foundation, and his hair was all gelled perfectly into place. He simply looked like a celebrity.
Tony ran to the entrance, his breakfast and an extra dose of coffee giving him full energy. The others jogged behind him, and their jaws dropped once they reached the entrance.
Clint and Tony were already arguing about what to have for lunch. Steve shook his head, smiling lightly at their little banter.
Both of them helped Tony sit on the wheelchair. They walked him to the elevator, with Happy behind them.
He shut his eyes for a brief moment. Then opened it. His hand automatically grabbed the stone, ignoring the ongoing arguments he had with his conscience.
Tony tossed his phone on the bed. He sighed, looking at the New York skyline, where the buildings were all lit up for the night.
“Intruders probably,” Bruce Banner suggested. He sounded slightly out of breath, which meant he was already going up the stairs to be with his team.
If there was any dirt to dig up, the main Stark server in the company should help. Tony was also bringing his clean energy idea to upload in the server, to seem inconspicuous.
“Tony, your shirt’s not right!” she shouted. She started to run, not being able to stand a fashion disaster.
“You two fuckers!” Clint shouted. He ran and slammed Wesley against the locker, rattling the entire row.
“Welcome to the real world, son,” Howard smiled, but it didn’t reach his eyes. “Some things had to be done.”
Just 3 hours after Tony fell, the whole team was up. They were not much for sleep because of mission calls at odd hours. Some of them had showered and were getting ready for breakfast. Linda and Kayla were setting the table.
“S’not your fault,” Steve was about to get up when the remote-control device Tony was holding onto in the cube fell onto his head. Steve groaned and laid back down again.
“The love of your life did and you were out for only fifteen minutes,” Bruce said. “What do you remember though, Tony?”
Tony’s eyebrows shot up. He wasn’t even aware of being in the helicarrier. He thought he was in some hospital, on the ground.
Tony kept looking into the horizon. He spoke after a few seconds. “It’s something my dad did when I was younger. I don’t remember much. But I know it gave me a fear of deep water. I can stand shallow ones, shower is alright. But I can’t do bathtub and deep water. I lose it there and then.”
At the hallway in level 6, Bucky was standing near the elevator, waiting for his housemates to come out of their apartment. His eyes widened when he saw Tony running out of 6-39 half naked.
“Your clothes are on the bed. Dress up and come down,” Steve said. He then left the room, laughing to himself.
His first course of business was to throw away the almost full bag of vomit. He washed his hands using the water bottle, before chugging down the remaining water. Once he tossed it into the bin, he took in a deep breath.
“I will, sweetheart,” Natasha assured him. She settled in beside him, brushing back his soft hair. Tony fell asleep fast. And once Natasha was sure Tony will be fine, she closed his room door.
“Shorter labels next time then,” Tony chuckled to himself. He opened the box he had taken and found some items from his past. There was even a small photograph that looked pretty much washed-out. He managed to see Steve’s face, that looked like he was grinning. He smiled, and placed the photo in the box. He took out two dolls that were caked in dust. One was a Captain America doll. But Tony couldn’t really recognize the other one, that looked like a teddy bear.
The Frost Giants didn’t dare come out of the portal. They ran back in and never turned back, screaming.
This time, the leader’s assistant had taken his gun out. It was a taser that shot out beams. He fired it at Tony.
Steve lubed his fingers up and turned his full attention to Tony. He widened Tony’s thighs and began to open him up slowly, while using his free hand to support Tony’s back.
“Well, weird things have happened. Let’s go back,” Tony said. Both of them flew out of the store together; Spiderman back to the battle while Iron Man and Ant Man up higher to circle around again.
Sam sighed. He was excited at the prospect of joining back Steve. But he also didn’t want to leave Rhodey at the Tower. They had a fun 5 days together, having their own movie marathons with Vision at times, practicing walking, getting scared when Vision randomly walked through walls and preparing food for themselves. There was the one afternoon they nearly set the kitchen on fire while attempting to cook seafood pasta. Vision panicked while F.R.I.D.A.Y turned on the sprinklers located on the ceiling of the kitchen. They decided not to tell Tony or any of the other Avengers about this. It took a long time to convince Vision not to.
He sighed. That was when he remembered something. The night before, he had woken up in pain and had asked for Steve. He had wanted to see him and maybe, talk to him. But before anything could happen, he had fallen back asleep.
He drew out a very sharp and thick ice weapon and without hesitating, stabbed Thor from the back. Thor woke up with a jolt, but immediately groaned in pain. The leader pushed the ice further in.
“Wawa!” baby Bruce walked towards Wanda with his little giraffe doll. She carried him and placed him on her hips.
Steve pulled away gently. Tony sighed when he opened his eyes again, this time looking like he just came back from a spa session.
Tony nearly threw the frames at Steve, who was leaning against the wall near the door, thinking it was an intruder. And then, his little eyes widened.
“Not really,” Kayla said. “The cots are up for sale, the clothes and some of the toys are sold, and we managed to sell off all the baby foods.”
They keep pushing back the army and one last hero gets de-aged. Plus another team of heroes join the last part of the battle.
“That’s not in my hands,” Tony shrugged. “Maybe it’s written in my face, to hurt me.” Tony let out a soulless laugh.
“No Bruce. You should really save your relationship.” Wanda walked towards the stairs. She stopped for a brief moment. “It’s beautiful and worth a save.” She said softly. She continued to go down the stairs.
By 4pm, Steve and the others had already started to panic. They tried calling Tony’s phone many times, but he didn’t pick it up. They left him a spam of messages, which was left unread.
“Alright, Tony and Steve, both of you take the shovels and dig a deep hole,” Bruce instructed. Both took their items and went up to level one. “Wanda, we’ll look at your path again. You need to use your powers to carry the stone from here all the way up there. Follow me.” Wanda nodded her head. “And you three, stay here. Don’t touch the stone.”
Tony and his friends prepare to go for the dinner and Howard hits someone. Later on, Steve and Tony get some action...
At Stark Industries, Tony and Pepper stepped out of their meeting room. Handshakes were exchanged with the board of directors and Tony flashed his most business-like smile he could muster.
This time, some parts of the armor ripped right out of Tony’s body. The metal pieces flew back clumsily. Both his gauntlets and his helmet plus faceplate was gone. The armor was intact at his torso and leg areas. Which meant, his arc reactor was still functioning.
“I got you!” Sam swooped down and dropped Clint’s quiver on his hands. Natasha readied her stingers. Sam flew back up to see where Nightshade was. “I’m gonna track Nightshade, she’s on the move! Redwing, is in action mode!”
Tony also realized that he felt his heart beat slightly faster whenever he was around Steve. It was perhaps the excitement of seeing his inspiration, his hero after a long time. He really idolized Steve. His dad poured out stories of the great Captain America, the fearless leader. Seeing Steve in real life was like a religious experience for him.
Clint finds out who manipulated the pairing results while Tony puts Whitney in her place during his theater class.
“I’m done,” Bruce called out from the walk-in closet. He emerged from it, wearing a black tuxedo with a bowtie.
“Go and talk to her, Bruce.” Tony was watching both of them. “Don’t lose her.” He looked up the bright blue sky. It was very difficult for Tony to digest the fact that Pepper left him. But he decided to get over with it, even though it was difficult to, and just be professional about it. So they were still talking, but as friends. He didn’t want to blame anyone, although his deep conscience was pointing fingers at one person.
The rest of them were gathered at the swimming pool, which was located at the roof top. Steve was sitting at the edge, and was shaking his legs in the water. Natasha, Thor and Clint were swimming in the pool, splashing water on to one another. Bruce was sitting on a lounge chair right beside the pool, and was sipping on lemonade while watching his friends play.
Their last round came and both of them were eager to play to their maximum capabilities. After the three second countdown, both of them swung their arms. Clint’s remote control flew out of his hand and crashed onto the wall, while Thor managed to strike, making him the overall winner of the game.
Clint was looking at the front door, digesting the fact that the pair results have been manipulated by someone. He walked to the dining table with his coffee and sat down, trying to think about who it could have been.
Wanda and Bruce returned back to the basement. They were pretty surprised that the 3 of them had left the place, especially when they were told to stay. They scanned the basement.
“I want the medics at the Tower to check this out,” Steve said firmly. He then turned his attention to Tony. “How we doing?”
The Frost Giant started to run towards Tony. He was also activating the stone. Tony started to run too.
“No uh, nothing. So between us, it’s settled right? I mean, no more trust issues and sides to choose from right?” Clint asked. He offered Tony his right hand for a handshake.
Thank you for reading so far. If you have any feedback, please feel free to leave a comment. I would love to read it! :)
Compulsory training exercise was the reason he gave as he placed a soft kiss on Tony’s cheek. Tony had mumbled some gibberish sentences, but woke up because sleep was just gone anyway. He took a quick shower, to wash away the grease and dried sweat that had accumulated on his skin.
Tony rested his head near Steve’s chest. He was breathing heavily. He wanted to stop crying, to man up. But he didn’t or more of couldn’t. In fact, Steve’s hug was so tight that Tony doubted he could easily move away. He realized that it had been very long since someone held him this way.
“Okay, I’ll check on them,” Tony walked further in, where the 12 new punching bags were neatly placed.
Spiderman didn’t say anything for a while. He was just looking out at the night skies slowly turning brighter. Steve thought he wasn’t going to say anything and was about to leave.
Steve took out another pan and spread butter on it. Once it got warm enough, he dipped a slice of bread into the egg mixture he did and placed it onto the pan. “So that’s where you’ve been. I always thought you went for dance practice.”
He forgot about his surroundings for one second and ran towards his butler. He wrapped his arms around him and hugged him tightly. There was tears in the corner of Jarvis’ eyes. He was squeezing Tony and both of them couldn’t let go of one another.
Now, both of them sat down on the couch after an hour of walking practice. Rhodey was drinking some orange juice. Sam was fiddling with his phone. He had received a message from Steve, telling him to come down to East Somerville somehow, as he needed him.
“Tony?” Steve let out a sob. “They bullied me Tony! Always threw cold water on me during winter. Made fun of how skinny I looked. Tripped me in school. Snatched my lunch and threw it away. Hated me…”
“You know what, I don’t have time for this,” Tony said sharply. He hurled the shield to the side of the lab. The shield ricocheted off the wall and flew towards one of Tony’s monitors. There was a loud crack and a crash. Steve and Bucky flinched at sound while Tony was standing in front of Steve’s face, looking unfazed. “You’re abandoning your team, Rogers. That’s what you’re doing now. If I die in this battle, don’t come and look for my body.”
Tony went up to the desktop and logged in. He opened up the main server to drop his file, so that if he got caught he could just say he wanted to drop an idea.
“James fucking Wesley… Fisk’s close friend,” Clint said through gritted teeth. “Either Fisk himself changed it or Wesley did. Probably that bastard Wesley because he's in the damn committee. He’s gonna get it from me right now!”
Beside them, Thor and Bruce were fast asleep on their bed. While Clint and Natasha were snuggled together in the walk-in closet.
“Okay, maybe Reed’s machine is still a work in progress because we’ve landed right in front of the Tower,” Tony sighed. “Open up.”
“Tony…” Steve started and looked up at him with a worried look. “I don’t think we’re on our earth anymore.”
“Clint, I hope you know how great of a friend you are.” He gave him a kiss and placed him on the cot.
Steve raised an eyebrow at him. “I spelled what you said. What does this have to do with me feeling things for Tony?”
Professor Williams motioned for Tony to take the stage. The rest of the students, except for Whitney, gave him a round of applause.
Steve dropped his apple pie onto his plate and ran out of the cafe, laughing hard. Tony grinned at the cashier, before turning behind to look at Steve, who was doubled over with laughter. Tony rolled his eyes and shook his head. He was picking on his rainbow cake while giving Steve the time to recover from that laugh attack he just had.
Within minutes, both of them were standing side by side, looking at the water. Tony quickly texted Steve saying he went to the washroom, knowing full well if he mentioned about Howard’s presence, Steve will get real mad.
“You might not get it, Tony,” Steve started. He was not giving any of them eye contact. “I… It’s just that, the decisions I made in Siberia… it’s not something Captain America would have made. I don’t think I’m right for this anymore. I chose to bring Bucky away and go into hiding, as Steve Rogers. I dropped the shield and walked away. I… I think I will help out via comms.”
Sam pulled the car door shut. He sighed as he placed the key in the ignition. It was going to be a long night ahead of him. He made a U-turn at the end of the street before speeding by the girls again. Linda and Kayla watched him go in silence while Chippy barked at the car till it disappeared after making a left turn.
Natasha finds herself with new friends in Building D, even though she yearns to go back to her chosen family at her original apartment.
Tony pouted while resting his chin on Steve’s shoulder. It was such a cool technology, a robot that could fly! But dad didn’t build it so that was not a Stark tech. Tony turned away, curling his arms around Steve’s sweaty and warm neck.
All of them agreed. Bruce borrowed Linda’s laptop to order the baby cots. Steve agreed to take care of all three babies. Tony left with the girls.
Tony came hard, for the second time. His seed spurted out onto Steve’s chest and abdomen area. Steve felt Tony’s ass clench and unclench on his cock. And that intense feeling made him come hard. He released his come into Tony, again, filling him up for good. Both of them shouted out their names. They were a panting and sweaty mess by the end of the session.
Tony sighed. He was holding his left elbow while staggering back to the room without a word. He wanted to take the couch but Clint insisted that he slept in the room instead. Plus, Wanda took the bigger couch, leaving Tony with the two-seater one, which wasn’t really accommodating. Hence he moved up, leaving Wanda and the 2 girls down.
“It’s just a scratch, Cap,” Clint said. He was covered in sweat. And had apparently fallen off the building when an AIM scientist tried to be a spy and sneaked up on him. But Clint already knew about his presence, and kicked the AIM scientist. But he lost his balance. Thor had caught his comrade on time but his elbow came into contact with the brick building.
Rhodey didn’t know what to say. He was looking at his palm for a long time. He understood where Sam was coming from. After a sigh, he spoke. “I want to go down. Want to help me?”
So, the 6 of them decided to spend their last night in Malibu watching a horror movie. They decided to shut the curtains and door in Tony’s room, and placed a ‘do not disturb’ sign outside. Ana helped them bring in popcorn and drinks and left them to their own devices.
And I gotta apologize in advance if I start to post late or stuff, because I'm really busy. But I'll always try my best to update the story!!
Both men left the room and headed downstairs, where Clint was arguing about why he needed six pieces of toasts early in the morning.
Tony scrambled to get up. He threw himself onto Steve, hugging him. Steve let out a shaky sigh and hugged him back.
Steve felt himself black out for a second. He quickly regained his composure, and leapt to where Clint was. Thor managed to climb up despite the resistance (like debris), and stood near their coffee table. He looked determined.
F.R.I.D.A.Y was more than happy to cut the call a few seconds later. The entire penthouse went silent. And as time passed by, it was getting uncomfortable.
Before Tony could say anything, Steve closed the gap and caught Tony’s lips in a kiss. His lips were cool, probably because of the ice cream, but they were so comforting and soft. Tony felt elevated and giddy as he Steve held him closer. He was losing himself into Steve’s kiss, not that it was a bad thing, it’s just… no one else had made him feel this way before. So protected, safe and loved.
He fired an explosive arrow at a Frost Giant who got too near Steve. Steve saw this; he used his shield to give the Giant a hard blow. Vision assisted him by hitting the Frost Giant hard enough to send him to the entrance of the portal.
Natasha, Clint, Bruce and Thor jogged to look at Steve, not knowing the situation could get this bad.
“Thor, on my mark you’ll throw the soft remnants at the portal,” Tony said. “The rest of you at 186, get out of there!”
He carried Tony. While passing by Kayla, Tony giggled at her. Steve’s face was hot. The adult Tony would have made a million jokes about the incident. She shut the door once they left.
At this time, Thor landed beside Iron Man. “It’s because they want to take over this entire planet,” he answered.
“Funny, that’s exactly what Pepper said,” Tony turned to him, contemplating on whether he should eat his lunch later. But he had more to do with Pepper so this was the only best timing to eat.
He recognized the figure. It was Captain America! Slipping between consciousness and unconsciousness, Tony saw a particular memory floating around him.
There will be a part 3, which I'll upload pretty soon. I'll try to keep my chapter updates regular, because I'm busy with my internship now :")
“We see that all the time,” Clint rolled his eyes. And then, a brilliant idea hit him. “Guys! We need to take a quick polaroid!”
Once the steakhouse’s door shut, the buzz died down. The silence was bliss inside, compared the flashes and the paparazzi shouting Tony’s name and questions. The six of them settled down in their seats, and sighed.
In the TV, there was an aerial view of 177A Bleecker Street in New York, having two fully opened portals on either ends of the street. Armies of Frost Giants were walking in. People were being evacuated. They were running around wildly while screaming. Spiderman, Doctor Strange, Vision and the Defenders were already there, trying to fight the Frost Giants.
Tony was looking around, trying to remember how he even got to this place. Once he was awake, pain took over. He moved away from Steve. “Ouch, did you bash me up?” He was glaring at Steve with a small pout.
Natasha was looking at both portals. The armies were pouring in, not caring about getting hit by the heroes fighting. Hulk was already smashing the Frost Giants coming out from the second portal, opened at 170 Bleecker Street. Hawkeye was trying his luck on his EMP arrows. Thor was calling lightning and was pouring it straight into the first portal. Some of the Frost Giants got electrocuted while some others escaped out. Wanda was continuously creating shields to protect her teammates when the Frost Giants were shooting sharp edged ice at them.
They were silent for a long time. It was getting pretty uncomfortable for both of them. Tony could hear Chippy barking outside and Bruce’s loud laughter.
The quinjet, which was in stealth mode for a long time, finally came into view. “Welcome back, boss.” F.R.I.D.A.Y said.
Wanda sat down on another loveseat, which was on the left of the room, with Vision. There was a long couch in the middle, where Rhodey, T’Challa, Scott, Bucky, Thor and Kayla were already sitting on. Sam was sitting on a bean bag chair beside Rhodey.
“Alright, here’s the plan,” Coulson raised his voice slightly to get all their attention. “Cap, you lead the team. Tony, Thor and the Hulk will be our reinforcements. The rest of you-”
Hence, Steve was using a shovel to bring the stone to the back. Linda was accompanying him. She was encouraging him while he took baby steps to the back door. Kayla agreed to watch
When the Avengers priority alarm rang, Tony threw his wrench across his lab, groaning in frustration. All he wanted was a day off, a quiet day in his lab and a video chat with Rhodey, which was scheduled to take place in the late afternoon.
Steve’s heart skipped a beat. He looked at the side view mirror, in case the car had flown off the cliff. But there would have been a sound and they would have known.
“I am sure he will catch the wisdom behind your words,” T’Challa assured them. “He is your teammate and friend, after all.”
“Nah-uh, keep your head down,” Bruce warned him. “You can look at our beautiful faces once you’re alright.”
“Little annoying brat!” the other man shouted. He took out a gun and tried to fire at Tony, who was running towards him. Tony had to take the stairs, to tell the Avengers about men dressed in ugly yellow suits.
Tony, they definitely took a short cut,” Natasha sighed. They continued cruising down the road, with Thor telling Natasha that they have to reach first. Steve simply sat back and enjoyed the wind.
All of them sat back on the couch properly. Natasha adjusted her hair. She ate the little piece of crepe that was left in her hand. Thor was eating the one he had snatched away from her. He tore a medium-sized piece and gave it Clint, who silently began nibbling it.
Steve was completely taken aback by his question. “Uh… it does feel weird at times. It feels weird to be living in this luxurious Tower, when most of my life I spent being poor. The memories I have and the memories I’m creating now are really different. I still feel…” Steve sighed.
Tony decided to hide under the big bed, pretty sure Thor wouldn’t be able to find him underneath. He caught a glimpse of a few photo frames that was on the bedside table. And Tony froze.
Steve instructed the little ones to follow him. He was carrying baby Tony. The rest of them followed his instructions, and slowly toddled towards the dining table.
In the end, the king had asked the secret Avengers if they were ok to leave. They discussed thoroughly and were fine with it. It took very long for Steve to decide on whether Bucky will be out with them or not. Tony must have really convinced T’Challa to let Bucky out. Steve was surprised. But he was glad to have his best friend out of cryogenic sleep. After all, if Tony wanted Bucky out, there must be a good reason. Or at least, Steve hoped.
Sam landed beside Steve. “We need more firepower.” Steve told him. “Do you think you can make a trip back to the Tower for more of these?” he pointed at the flamethrowers.
Bruce’s little fingers held the handle and without any effort, he lifted the hammer. He didn’t fall back or even stumble. He was swinging it around. Sam’s eyes widened. He motioned at Thor to look at the surprising scene unfolding in front of their eyes. Thor turned and gaped at what he saw.
Bruce felt his heart warm at that. He also loved Tony’s answer because deep down, he knew that was what adult Tony would have said.
“We’re very late,” Reed Richards spoke. “We saw that you guys had it under control. But we thought you might need the assist.”
“We need the boy,” one of the AIM scientists said. “After we’re done with our experiments, you can have him back.”
“Boy, are you okay?” the strawberry seller waved at him with a grin. “Buy a box, strawberries can help.”
“You’re a good guy, Tony. No one tells you that directly. Gosh Tony, why did you even apologize that day? It’s not your fault. It damn well wasn’t. I messed up and I understand why you reacted the way you did. I wish we can change back some things. You’re so brave, and here I am, talking to your back. You need to know something, Tony. You must know, that you have a heart.” The tears fell on Tony’s arms. Steve wiped them and recovered.
There was a little giggle from one of the cots. Steve immediately turned and saw baby Tony watching them. He was biting the cot’s frame and was drooling onto them. He was hugging his Captain America plush and his face had an adorable smile plastered across. Or more of a smirk with a tinge of jealousy. Steve blinked several times, thinking he was seeing things.
Tony turned back to his papers. Steve continued to look at Tony. He was wishing he could say everything he wanted to.
“Wanda.” Natasha placed her hand on Wanda’s shoulder. Wanda turned, face coated with tears. “Is everything alright? “
“This is for you,” Peter stretched out a bouquet. “It’s on behalf of my aunt too.” When Tony hesitated to take it, Peter placed it on his lap.
Everyone now knows about Tony’s situation. They didn’t know what to say; words of encouragement or some sad statement, they were unsure. What Kayla was sure of, was that baby Tony needed his own set of clothes and they needed more formula milk. So she left the house at around 9am to get the necessary things. Bruce had already ordered another cot.
Steve’s grip on Tony’s hands tightened. He pulled out his manhood and slammed back in again. Tony let out a gasp at that sensation. He has opened himself before and had fun. But he never had an actual person ramming into him. There was only so much toys could do.
Steve knew who Sam was talking about within seconds even though the topic change was too fast. “No. With the accords and the fight, I didn’t have the chance. I mean I had opportunities before, but I kinda let them pass. I’m planning to tell him after this whole ordeal is over.”
“Um, hi,” Steve managed. “I was just… you know… checking Tony’s face. It’s alright… I guess.” He turned beet red when he heard Clint’s groan and Natasha’s laughter when they were walking to the door.
The tense atmosphere in the kitchen melted away right after that. Tony released his grip from Steve’s hand, and simply looked at his food.
The rest of the team were more than happy too, especially since they didn’t have to deal with the pain of seeing two people in love with each other give excuses as to why they shouldn’t be together.
“Sam, please tell me the girls are staying here,” Bruce said. He was looking at the toys he had once played with.
The little boy’s lips were shaking. Tears fell out of his big brown eyes. He was looking at the floor, at the pieces of jigsaw puzzle. Steve crouched down. He lifted Tony’s chin up and smiled at him. He used his thumb to wipe away his tears. Tony was staring at him, with a pout.
An awkward silence filled the area, with the only sound heard being the splashes Clint and Natasha were creating.
The others looked up to see grey clouds gathering around. There was lightning and thunder. To top it off, there was an extremely heavy gust of wind.
“Sam!” Steve nearly screamed in relief. He gave a surprised Sam Wilson a tight hug. “I’m so glad you came here.”
Steve was confused. He was not sure how the Frost Giant came to the right location. But after the Frost Giant asked for the stone, realization dawned upon him. Once the stone was used, whether to open a portal or to de-age, it would be activated. Anybody who was holding on to the second half of the stone, could detect the energy released from the other stone easily, in fact, they could feel it.
Steve licked his lips. “So that’s it. They were just random questions and you answered what you randomly felt.”
“It’s a shooting star! Make a wish!” Tony exclaimed. He jumped up and was already running across the field. The rest of them followed suit, losing interest in the game.
Both of them decided to prepare themselves for the workload and meetings, with Tony feeling excited about not having to think about Steve at all.
Adult Tony started to cry, realizing how much he had missed some people in his life. At night, he lied down right beside Jarvis, silently crying and wishing he could see and talk to him.
She nodded her head, before taking her handbag and coat. Tony saw her off as she took the elevator. After the doors closed, Tony heaved out a huge sigh.
While walking down the stairs, Steve pulled out his phone. He was contemplating, but was already typing a message.
It was another day and the Avengers had just fought another battle. This time, it was with a few scientists from the Advanced Idea Mechanics, or
The rest of them were looking at Tony with a mixture of utter shock and surprise. Not only was Tony worthy, but he could control the hammer and call lightning, just like Thor. There was also a very light blue aura surrounding Tony. He looked mystical, nearly God-like.
“Hi, I’m Kayla and this is Linda. We live here.” Kayla introduced herself, her voice as soft yet firm as ever.
“There is a uh… potential investor for the company I need you to meet. He was very insistent on meeting outside, at the Brooklyn Bridge Park.”
After a few seconds, Peter asked in a quiet voice, “Tony, will you bring me back home to Uncle Ben and Aunt May?”
Tony smiled at that. He hissed when he felt himself opening up. He placed his forehead on Steve’s shoulder, inhaling his cologne. And that itself was intoxicating. Steve was intoxicating.
“Aren’t you supposed to be out there with the others, fighting? Avenging?” Rhodey was frowning at him. He was holding a tablet on his free hand. He was wearing the exoskeleton and he looked like he was trying not to show his pain.
“Banner!” Thor called out. He entered the garden. “What are you doing? I told you to get to the Bifrost!”
“Fingers crossed that I won’t get theatre stuff,” Tony said. He stood up and went to the sink to wash his plate. “I mean, it’s like, my third choice!”
“Yeah… yeah… it’s just that,” Tony stammered. “It’s… My dad has never liked anything I did or had. This is the first time he said he likes something that’s mine, and that’s you guys.” He had a very subtle smile on his face.
“Have you met me?” he let out a laugh. “I called for a press conference right after getting out of Afghanistan. Steve, I can face the familiar faces after a nightmare.”
Baby Clint wasn’t looking at where he was running. He was going around the couch and getting away from Linda. So he was shocked when he found himself falling face first.
Tony nearly jumped up from his seat and choked on the drink. He spat out some of the milkshake, creating a mess on the table and computer screen. He coughed a little, feeling tears pricking the corners of his eyes.
She opened her mouth to answer the question, but didn’t say anything. She closed it and her lips managed to curve into a smile. She took a breath and said, “Actually, uh, my dad, he left this house when I was 10. It was just my mum and I until we took Linda in.”
“What idea?” Obadiah seemed more interested. He walked to the desktop and stopped behind Tony. “Hmm, Stark solar panels?”
The Frost Giants at the second portal were looking at their first with awe. It was lit up with fire and lightning. Those who were in the portal started to melt. And it was beginning to close.
The six of them left the eatery after paying and walked down to the beach. They then chose a shady spot and placed their items down. Natasha kicked out her sandals and ran to the shore, with Clint skipping behind her. Steve, who was still folding up his jeans, was dragged to the shore by an enthusiastic Thor.
“An hour plus,” Natasha answered.  She was eating a Nutella crepe, which Ana made, again. She offered the plate of crepes to the two of them who had just joined.
“It’s Linda’s. And I’m about to watch the videos of me and the others when we were de-aged,” Tony whispered back.
They exchanged greetings while Bruce went on to explain to the four of them about what the girls had done for them.
“Well part of that stone was used, so to close the portal you either activate the stone when it’s in its solid form or create contact using the soft one,” Tony shrugged. “It’s a suggestion. I don’t know if it’ll work.”
He took Tony’s hand, which was hooked up to an IV. He enclosed it with his own two palms, spreading the warmth. Tony’s index finger, which was connected to the pulse oximeter, twitched slightly. Steve bent down further, and rested his elbows on the mattress.
Bruce nodded his head. The AIM scientist, who was the leader, handed over a vial which had a pink liquid bobbing around in it. Bruce took it.
He was holding onto the bags and was waiting outside the washroom. He slowly sat down on one of them. Natasha was leaning against the luggage trolley. Steve and Tony were standing near the bags while Bruce was toying with his jacket.
“Jesus fuck!” Tony exclaimed, a little too loudly. Steve raised an eyebrow at his boyfriend’s behavior.
Talking it all out seemed like a great idea on paper, but to execute it was a nightmare scenario to think about. Tony knew his anxiety would shoot off the roof just waiting for Steve to tell him if he liked him back or not.
“Why would we?” Thor asked. “You’re our good friend! What’s part of you is a part of you and when we forge friendships, we accept you as a whole, not as a part. So please do not fret.”
The interior of the Limo was beautiful. Once Tony shut the door, the lights inside turned to a cooler shade of purple. The seats were made of leather, and they all could smell luxury in the air. The air conditioning was like heaven, compared to the warm weather outside. There was a champagne corner in the car, and the six of them helped themselves.
“He was like a father figure,” Spiderman suddenly spoke up. “He was, there for me and really, talked to me and gave me tech upgrades. It’s like a special bond I had with him.”
“Not bad, sir,” Friday tried to make him feel better. “There have been worse tantrums thrown in the de-brief room.”
“First jumpscare incoming, I think,” Bruce said in a warning tone, squashing his face into Thor’s shoulder.
“I like you, have been for a long time. I never found the courage to tell you because I was afraid of what you might say.”
Thor heard the question from where he was standing. He was chatting with Bruce and Natasha by the window side. “The Frost Giants can survive well in colder conditions. Night time in New York is one of the coldest periods. Hence they chose to attack then.”
In the process of reverting back to his normal size, Scott kicked the leader. The leader and his right-hand Giant got the wind knocked right out of them. They flew together and landed on some trash cans. The right-hand Giant immediately got up. He was dashing towards Scott, who immediately passed the pendant to Tony and shrunk himself. Iron Man took off. Daredevil jumped down from above, and knocked the right-hand Giant down.
“He said NO!!” Jan screamed, startling the others. She straightened up once she saw her old friend standing in her apartment. “Oh, hey Tony.”
He walked to where the boy was and placed both his hands on the table. He stood near Tony. “You’re a smart kid, Tony. You’ll figure this out. Also, all the best reaching here in a few more years.”
Clint swam away to where Steve was while Natasha moved to the side. Thor landed in, hard. A big chunk of water splashed onto Bruce, and some of them went into his glass of lemonade. Bruce stood up and glared at Thor.
“Toblerone is a candy bar,” Meg explained to the two Super Soldiers. “It’s a lot better than the mass produced ones you can find at any gas station.”
"You're making it really hard to not follow you into the shower," Tony muttered. Steve laughed as he walked in, closing the door. As the water started, Tony gently fell onto his back, bring the baby down with him, resting her on his chest. She was still as she laid on top of him, looking at him, then looking around the room, her attention span never long focused long enough to stay with one thing. Tony gently moved the soft hair around on her head, letting out a sigh.
“All stinky boys need to take a shower!” Tony exclaimed. “We can’t go eat if no one wants to be around us!”
Tony went with Clint, and Thor to make sure that Loki would be secure, and Steve went with Natasha to watch the doctors check over Coulson. The conferred with everything that Tony had said on the ride back, took some mobile xrays, and what they told Steve was a mobile CAT scan machine, but it just looked like the oddest thing he had ever seen. Steve also wondered where Tony kept all this stuff.
“Barton, I’m going to need you calm down,” Steve said turning towards the two. He was pulling out the Captain America voice, spreading his feet a little to take on the stance.
"You were right, Tony." The genius looked back at his friend. "It's really domestic, like, maybe too domestic." Tony stuck his tongue out at Bruce. "When are you two getting the second kid?" He grinned and ducked from the pen that Tony threw at him, while Steve just shook his head with a quirky smile.
"I know! It was funny as shit!" Tony smiled a little. He had laughed when he made the custom playlist, and made sure that the only thing Steve could do was mess with the volume, and press pause and play.
Somehow, Steve managed to get Tony and Peter changed and freshened up within the hour, ready to go eat in order to be back to watch a movie before it was too late for Peter to go to sleep. The walk back to the hotel room brought up some interesting conversation though, at least to Steve. They had seen a couple of Disney Princes in the restaurant and Peter had wanted a picture with them all.
Steve almost sighed out loud. “Falcon and War Machine won’t be in New York all the time, but they’ll still be able to respond if we need them.”
"I'm going over the ocean, and I'm going to a different country." Tony leaned up a little, taking his attention off of the engine. "Remember when I showed you that globe? The round one with all the blue on it?"
Tony hummed and nodded, then scrunched his nose up. "No, no, no," he started to shake his head. "Really, Britney Spears, Steven?" He let out a little gasp. "No one listens to Paint it Black unless it's by the Rolling Stones, not some Vanessa Carlton." Tony opened up a screen with all his music, and brought up the connection to Steve's music app next to it. "This needs to be rectified immediately."
"How does he always think of everything?" Tony walked over, grabbing a couple containers from Steve and taking them into the kitchen. "Seriously, just about everything." Steve followed him into the kitchen, grabbing some plates from the cupboards and Tony opened the tops from the containers. "Mmmm, curry," Tony said, taking a smell.
"So, we're taking Wade to go see his mom." Tony nodded. "Alright, then. I needed some more clothes from my apartment, and I could pick up my laptop and a couple books." Steve said casually as he walked around the room, grabbing his pants, shirt, and socks. "Then we can get Peter's stuff together, and some of Mary's stuff." Steve sent a smile Tony's way. "I'll be ready in ten, by the way."
"I don't know, I'm assuming the arc reactor technology." Tony shrugged. He hated spies being spies, never just saying what they were thinking. "I haven't been able to pull anything from his notebooks, though, nothing that I didn't already know."
“I have an idea,” Meg said as she came back over to the little group, done with her call. “Why doesn’t Bucky go with Steve to pick up the boys from school, and Tony you stay here? We’ll work on getting her to say something else than eighty percent of James’ name.”
He wasn't expecting the man to be awake and already in the gym though. Tony stared as he watched the man in his routine, just wailing on the punching bag already there. He had a rhythm going, and he kept getting faster, head hunched down, balled up fist smacking the bag audibly, muscles rippling along his arms and into his back, and Tony could definitely see that through the white t-shirt.
As Steve held two of his pokeballs in his hand, he thought that perhaps he had judged Tony Stark a little too much on the Helicarrier. He thought the man was purposely keeping his other pokemon, his Evelyn, from him. But, when he thought about it, he wouldn’t want her anywhere near their fight.
"Of course I do," Tony said smiling back at him. "I want everyone who comes here to see your stuff. Cause then when they ask who made it I get to say, 'Why, that was made by my amazing son, Peter!'" Tony put on an exaggerated posh accent, stretching out his arm in show. "'Yes, I know, 'tis amazing and much better than anything that your six-year old could make. Sell it? Why I could never part with something that is considered priceless to me!'" Peter had started giggling, and it soon turned into a full bellied laugh as Tony continued with his silly voice. Tony couldn't help but grin down at his son, pressing his face to Peter's neck and blowing a raspberry, making him squeal with laughter this time
“Say something?” Tony questioned, setting through the last commands. In two minutes he would know if it worked, then he would be able to see if anyone was still in his tech.
“And the best source would be the one that stabilized it.” Steve let out a sigh, glancing over at the bundle of kids.
Water. When he had woken up, attached to the new electromagnet, he had been thirsty. Stuck in a cave, in the desert, in a dry land, he had craved it. Tony changed his mind as his head was forced into the tub of water once more. They pushed his body down further, water splashing up, hitting the new chest piece, the exposed wires. He gasped underwater as he felt the shocks, the sparks across his body. Images flashed before his eyes, people, places, things.
That's when they noticed the large fan come out of the water, the carrier starting to life up out of the ocean. It's wasn't a submarine at all! Bruce Banner had a manic smile on his face now. "Oh no. This is much worse."
The suit assembled, hugging his body like a glove, not too tight, not too uncomfortable, as much as wearing a suit of metal armor could be. He reached over, grabbing the faceplate for the helmet, getting used to how the gauntlet grabbed stuff, and locked it into place.
Why in the hell would Coulson bring him some of Howard's stuff? And stuff that Tony hadn't known about, at that. Maybe it was Howard's research on Project Rebirth. Now that was something that Tony wanted no part of. Instead Tony turned and lifted up his shirt, looking at his reflection in the glass. The black lines were spreading, becoming more complicated, climbing up his chest, reaching out towards his shoulders, creeping every closer to his neck. He wasn't going to be able to hide the lines for long.
He finally decided one a non-plaid, blue button up, slipping a black sport jacket on over it, paired with some khakis. He would have rather worn his leather jacket, but he doubt that would look good. Steve stepped out of his room and saw Tony coming out of Phil's room, already changed, and Steve couldn't help but appreciate how much the man could clean up. He of course had seen him on TV and online in suits, but he had gotten used to the casual t-shirt and jeans Tony in person. Tony was wearing a white buttons down, the sleeves rolled up to his elbows, black waistcoat with red accents, and some kind of multicolored tie underneath, paired with black suit pants. His hair had been styled, and his beard was trimmed, and he looked impeccable, even not in the full suit.
“We’ve obviously come to speak about everything that has transgressed, and what shall still continue to happen,” Loki spook up this time, knowing the chaos that would erupt in the room. Clint and Natasha were instantly reaching for their own hidden weapons, pointing them at the seated man, Rhodey was in a fighting stance, Bruce taking a step back as Bucky stepped forward to stand next to Steve. Steve, Tony, and Strange were the only one to not react in any way.
"He wasn't as hurt as Rachel was," Steve argued weakly. He also knew of Tony's intense dislike of hospitals, and he didn't want Tony anywhere that wasn't as secure as the Tower. "She's still in surgery as far as we know, and Tony's already awake."
"No one can beat Captain America!" Steve chuckled as Wade started to dance around him. Peter ran over and hugged Tony around the waist.
"Come on! I think you and him would get along fantastically," Steve told her. They had the personalities where they would instantly clash, but it would make things interesting, so they would probably be instant friends.
“Don’t think I’ve heard you use the phrase ‘home’ before. Sounds like you’ve learned a lot since I was out.” Leave it to Mary to pick up on things, Steve thought. “Peter tells me that you stayed with them in the Manor before you left. He’s going to be real happy to see you again, by the way.”
"Mom??" Mary rushed over as people started running from the spot. She took her mom from Tony's arms as Tony saw Todd running out of the building, another arrow striking the ground as he pulled both Meg and Julie back towards the front doors. Tony turned and caught sight of the sun glinting off something metal on the roof of another building. Tony growled a little and took off running across the street, noting that he saw a man with a metal arm running across the roof. Bucky wasn't the shooter, but he had eyes on the real deal.
“You need rest more, and you also need to be able to have the attention span to give to your family, and those Avengers call-outs.” Tony gave her an unamused look. “We both know that you can run on low batteries for a while, but eventually those give out. Usually at the most unexpected time.”
"It's both frustrating, and endearing, the way you can ramble on about five different things, but still remember the original point of the conversation." Steve finished his glass of juice and Tony found himself grabbing the pitcher to refill it on instinct. "But, yes, we do need to that thing where we talk about us. The adult thing."
“Give it some time,” Tony looked over at him. “I’m sure we can print up a patch or something. We should do that,” he looked at Steve. “Get patches, put them on uniforms. We could get special cards! Then it really is like a secret club!” Tony tapped a hand on the table and nodded. “That’s it, that’s a great idea, Cap.” Steve raised his eyebrows a bit. “I’ll rename the Tower, Avengers Tower, and I’ll make up special cards and the lot. Put the big A on it. Done deal.”
"There's no way they would have been able to replicate the exact serum that Erskine made, so the next best bet would have been to just make another Steve," Tony said with a little nod, taking in the information. Jamie took one of Steve's fingers, as if she could sense that he was a little agitated. He flashed her a smile, one that only grew when she answered with her own smile. "Even with Howard there to point them in the right direction, his notes wouldn't have-"
Peter let out a gasp, then ran inside the room, pulling himself up on the end of the bed. "Phil!!" He could see that the man was still injured, so he was careful, but insistent on crawling up the bed. The older man wrapped his arms around the boy, smiling.
Tony curled his body up and twisted, trying to roll away. His body thumped when he fell off of something and he whimpered as he jostled his hands. He forced his eyes open and saw the inside of his bedroom, the couch in the open space beyond the bed, the soft glow of a small fire from the fireplace, and then blue of their current sheets. Feet were slowly slipping down onto the floor of the bed, and he curled his body up a little before knees were sliding to the ground and Steve’s face came into view. This time, his eyes looked as troubled, and wild, as Tony felt. Steve’s hand hovered out towards Tony, but didn’t touch, and there was a fine tremor running through them.
"They're using you Steve," Natasha told him as she hit the ground and swung her leg to sweep Meg off of her feet. Meg hit the ground and tucked her legs in to roll backwards. "That's not your best friend anymore, and her past practically started with Hydra."
Tony just had to wait for the weekend to come, and Mary would be back. Then he could have his nightmares in peace. He didn't need Steve to keep rescuing him from every anxiety attack, even if he did feel much better afterwards. Just a few more days, then he could sleep.
"Very well, Sir," Jarvis confirmed. "She woke up two times, but quickly went back to sleep on her own." Tony pursed his lips a bit, but nodded. "Dr Banner is still in his lab, and I have informed him that the two of you are awake. He awaits your arrival at your convenience."
“You can’t talk yet, though,” Peter said. “Because you don’t get to call Mr Steve anything other than Mr Steve, not yet. You’re lucky to get to call Daddy your Daddy, too, and I’m doing you a big favor by letting you have him.” Steve bit his lip. “And I get to keep my art lessons, cause Mr Steve is the best, and that’s all mine.”
"Yes!" Tony shouted as Steve started the water in the shower. He walked in to grab his toothbrush. Steve shot him an annoyed look as he was pulling off his shirt, and Tony grinned. The first time Tony had walked in before Steve had gotten into the shower, he had made Tony leave, not wanting a show while he got undressed. By the fifth time, Steve had given up on that, mumbling about just pretending that he was back in the army showers and that he was supposed to have something called privacy or something.
"Don't agree so quickly." He could feel Rhodey's eyebrow raise. "I need you to pick something up at a store for me." Rhodey was about to open his mouth, probably to ask if Tony was serious; but the engineer continued. "It's not for me, it's for my son." That stopped Rhodey.
I hurt you guys last chapter, I did, it was rough, but I'll make up for it in this chapter! Promise! You guys wanted some domesticity, well you got it! (See, you guys really can influence the story. I literally had shaped this chapter off of your requests.)
“Well, whatever happened, it doesn’t stick for long,” Mary told him, leaning against the wall. “Jarvis got me a message before he was pretty much shut down, and I ran down here. You were on the floor, she was getting the kids dressed, like they were going out. She didn’t see me at first, but something seemed odd, and that’s when I grabbed her phone from table. She’s had good training, I’ll tell you.” Tony glanced over at her, then looked back down at the tablet, trying to reboot Jarvis. “As we were fighting though, she would pause, and blink, then say something.”
"I can't comment on something that isn't already public knowledge," Tony told them, prompting raised voices. "All you need to know is that a group of us came together to defend New York, to defend the world, and we'll do it again, if and when the time comes. Now, I must ask, are there any other questions not related to my son, Iron Man, Captain America, or the Avengers?" Tony wanted them to talk about the rebuilding effort. That was too much to ask though.
Steve looked like he was barely being held back by Pepper's hand on his shoulder, and Tony shot them both a grin, hands in his pockets. "Breathe, Rogers, you're cheeks are looking a little red. This is why we kept you back, pup."
Strange hummed and nodded. “Understandable, but it is the quickest way for me to determine exactly what is happening. Let me remind you, that you came to me.”
With this chapter, (and future chapters), I officially have to move the rating up and out of Teen. It's Valentine's Day, stuff gonna happen. Not a lot of detailed description, but there's enough there that I feels a shift in the rating, just as a pre-caution. It's totally fluffy towards the end though! You'll love it.
"You always do that," Steve countered. "I kind of expect you to do that, it's part of who you are. You also just asked me to move in with you, with Jamie."
"Yeah," Steve could picture Tony's nod. "But, we'd all be much closer now. You wouldn't have to wait to come and see me, I'll be in the same building."
Dinner was a hit, and Tony made a mental note to keep the catering company in mind for the future. He was becoming more and more surprised at how everything was coming together, and flowing like he and Pepper had planned. Mary and Coulson were able to literally just enjoy their wedding, not having to worry about any of the details or anything that might go wrong.
"I can wake your woman up." Tony froze. He vaguely noticed Steve turned his head to look at him. "I know she sleeps, and I can tell you when she would wake."
The sand swirled around Tony then, circled around Peter, until it all disappeared, leaving Tony alone in a dark landscape. "No!" Tony shot up to his feet. "Peter!"
“Oh, you are so not getting any ice cream tonight,” Tony said as he turned from the hallway. “And you’ll be lucky if I let you cuddle tonight!” He heard Steve’s, obviously faked, gasp of shock, and kept walking. Apparently he needed to pick up ice cream as well. Perhaps Strange would know where he could do that. If he still even did his own grocery shopping as well.
"Because I've done the whole song and dance," Steve lashed out. "I've done the not sleeping, not eating, not
"Details later, he's going to destroy the lab and any research," Steve said and put his arm around Tony's back, ushering him back towards an exit. "Time to get out of here, now."
"Not a social call," Rhodey agree. "I don't think you can keep this away forever, Tony." Tony knew what he was talking about. They wanted one of the suits. Pepper could only fight off injunctions, and subpoenas for so long.
"Is there something wrong with what he's listening, too?" Bruce asked, picking up his own sandwich to start eating.
"I don't know." Tony scrunched up half of his features. "I feel like is Peter was winning, and he entrusted Rachel with his cards, then I can't very well help you win. Peter comes first, Mrs Parker."
"Tony, I can't understand your anger if you don't tell me what's wrong." Tony hated when she spoke calmly, like when she was speaking to an upset Peter. He hated it because it worked sometimes. "How did you find out the plant?"
"Of course I love you, too," Tony told him. He wondered how long they could go back and forth with interrupting each other. Setting aside his now empty mug, he slide his hands up to rest on Steve's shoulders by his neck. "I think I jumped the gun when I asked you to move in." Tony knew he had to act quickly when he saw the rejection start to flood Steve's expression. "There's just, there's something that I found out, and that you should know, and it could change your mind." He reached into the inside pocket of the jacket he had on and pulled out Howard's leather journal. "You should read this."
Wade and Peter both scooted down to the floor as well, knowing they would be able to eat better if they didn’t have to hold onto their plates. Steve had set aside one plate with one smaller pancake on it, and set it off to the side. He put the pancakes on a plate, and tony knew it was his as he watched him putting syrup on it. The exact amount that Tony liked. Steve leaned in to give him a quick kiss, then took Jamie from his arms. She wiggled happily when she saw the pancake that was just for her, and grabbed for it.
"Having a second date doesn't mean that I'm ready to jump into that trap," Tony grumbled, resting his head on his arms. Tony knew for a fact that he hadn't had anything to drink last night for the pure fact that he had been very conscious what he had to drink. When he was out on his first date in many, many years. He'd never admit it out loud, but he had been nervous. Tony had met the man coming out of Mary's apartment building, catching a rare moment when Tony had his hat off, and had been cleaning his sunglasses from Peter's fingerprints. The blonde hadn't said anything about his identity, just give him a little smirk, before stepping forward to introduce himself as George.
“No,” she whined out. Steve bit his lips, trying to keep back a smile, and to not interrupt them. “Papa.” Steve knew he was out of sight from the little girl, and he almost stepped inside fully. He hated hearing her sound upset, but also knew that Tony would be there telling him to he needed to be strong, to not give in every time that she whined, or wanted something.
Tony’s nose twitched a little as he didn’t answer right away. “These were the first pair to arrive. They’ve been designated the workshop glasses.”
"I should probably look in that once my decryption programmer finishes breaking into all of SHIELD's files." Tony was going to see what exactly Fury had been taking Mary in too.
Tony put a hand over his chest, sniffed, and wiped a fake tear from his eye. “Tony,” Mary warned with a smile. “No.”
Tony smiled a little sadly at Peter, running his hand through his hair. “Wade will be alright, but he’s going to be spending some time with his Mom for a few days, okay?” Peter almost pouted, but he looked more concerned for his friend. “He didn’t have an awesome Daddy like you do, and he did some pretty ugly things. But Wade’s safe now, and his mom is gonna help take care of him.”
"Stark," Fury said, looking down at a tablet. "I actually expected you to come sooner." Tony frowned. What was it with people expecting him? He wasn't that predictable, was he?
Jamie’s face lit up, and she looked up at Steve. “Papa!” Steve leaned down, rubbing his nose against hers, making her giggle and push at his face. “Papa.” Tony snorted, rolling his eyes a little as he watched them.
"Nice and easy," the voice whispered to him. "You got this." Tony wanted to believe it so badly. He felt his body start to shake, no, to shiver. He was cold. The arms started to wrap around him and he let out a strangled noise, arms pushing back weakly. "Sorry, I'm sorry, Tony." He could be hold down, he had to have the freedom to move. There was murmuring, quiet and rushed. "Tony, can you open your eyes? Bruce wants to put on a breathing mask to help you out, but we don't want you to get upset."
"That was last year, Buck," Steve said, thinking back to when he could pinpoint the origin of this mess.
"She's been talking to him?! Is she crazy??" Tony hissed, remembering that there were a couple people sleeping past the kitchen.
He tried to streamline the suit, the first set of armor being much too bulky, and too vulnerable. He was onto something, but he had been very limited working in that cave. Now he had Jarvis to help him imagine it, to help with the specs and the math. (Even though his math was always right.) And on the side, there was a tab constantly open, looking for the best pancake recipe. He had Jarvis immediately purge all the recipes that used any kind of nuts, in any ingredient. He was going to ask Jarvis to get him a list of all the food in the house as well, and be sure to let Pepper know that no nuts, peanuts, or peanut butter were ever to be allowed in the house again.
"Please," Tony breathed out. "Please do find it." Tony scrubbed his face with his hands, then got up from the chair. "I'm going to go get Peter, take him down for some time in the workshop."
"Thank fuck," Tony breathed. He turned to his side and started to pull himself back underneath the energy disruptor. Steve was there, beside him, helping him move.
He moved from his doorway, leaning next to Mary's father. The older man glanced at him, and Steve instantly knew that this man had served, there was some kind of military look that passed, before he nodded, transferring Tony's care to Steve. Steve took one of Tony's hands, then gently guided his forehead to rest against Steve's chest. "You're doing great, Tony. Listen to my breathing, match the rhythm. In through the nose when I go up, out through the mouth when I go down. In, and out." He started to guide Tony's breathing.
"Loki!" Thor was inside and running at his brother. Steve moved before Thor could tackled the other man, moving closer to Tony and Peter.
"I'm going to take your word for it," Steve said with a laugh. "I'm sure it'll all make more sense when I see the movies."
The two agents looked at him like he had lost his mind. “I can vouch for the truth of this statement,” Strange spoke up. Natasha rounded one gun to point in his direction now, and he just let out a sigh. “I’ve had him under my most watchful eye for a little time now. I think that if he were going to attempt another interplanetary coup, he would have done it by now.”
"You shouldn't be that close to my face while I'm sleeping!" Steve pushed himself up to a sitting position and looked at the ten year old.
"Is this Mary?" Tony's head whipped around and he saw Bruce holding up a picture. It was a picture of the three of them on the roof on the Fourth of July, fireworks behind them. "Cause, if this isn't settled down, then apparently I have the wrong idea."
He closed his eyes and took a deep breath before reading anymore. Howard had been testing him as a child, had been cultivating his talent? The pages made it sound like his father had been working with Arnim Zola, the man who had helped the Red Skull. But why?
"I'm thinking," Tony drawled as he stretched his arms, trying to shake off the last of his nightmare, "I'll go take a shower first, while you keep feeding her. Then I'll come out and take over so you can get cleaned up."
While Tony had collected the data from the new arc reactor, and collected himself from the previous phone call, he had managed to get in touch with Pepper and Happy, telling her over and over that he was fine, and he was at the Manor with Peter. She should stay where she was, New York wasn't safe at the moment, and was just pure chaos. Jarvis assured Tony that Steve was asleep before he made his way back upstairs. Looking in on Peter, Tony checked that the little boy was still asleep, happy to see that he wasn't having bad dreams, or nightmares, yet. Maybe he would get lucky. Tony walked past his door, stopping at the door that he knew Mary was behind. He took a deep breath before slowly pushing the door open, stepping inside.
“I’m surprised you still brought the SUV,” she continued, turning back to Steve. “Not if you didn’t come here with Jamie today.”
"I would, but, I'm not sure if you do," he said hesitantly. Tony made a little 'o' with his mouth. Steve was thinking about the stuff that he had shown him earlier. What hell, he was already this far down the rabbit hole of bad decisions, and he had just had a nightmare that he was eager to forget. Even Howard was better than what he saw.
"I don't want to take up too much of your time, though," Steve said. She was a single mother, in essence, and Steve knew how hard that had been for his own mother.
“I’ve got Jarvis watching, and searching,” Tony said against his skin. “I think we can continue to work on standard operating procedure for the time being.” Steve made a noise and Tony kissed his neck. “I think you need another vacation.”
Steve glanced up at the woman across the hall. She was looking at Tony with a hard gaze. This must have been Mary's mother, the same one who had been yelling at him on the phone. He knew that the woman had been speaking out of grief for her daughter, but it seemed that she was still carrying around that anger towards Tony. While Steve wasn't Tony's biggest fan, he had seen what the man had done, how he had sacrificed himself to save everyone. It wasn't right for her to judge Tony as harshly as she was.
“Every element degrades to a point, half-lifes, and all that scientific stuff,” Tony said with a wave of his hand. “I really don’t think we have to worry about it, though. Bruce came up with a very rough base estimation of a two-hundred year half-life.” Mary whistled, and Tony chuckled a little. “This is me we’re talking about though. With continued use of the Iron Man suit, and any testing that I’m sure to do, that’ll probably be cut down by a third.”
He shoves his way out of the conference room, the door swinging shut behind him not quite quick enough to keep Fury’s words from floating out after him.
“I don’t know what that is, ma’am, but it sounds one whole lot better than what’s outdoors.” Peering around as he shakes her hand, Steve spots Agent Romanoff stretched out on the couch in front of the fire, with her arm in a sling. He grins, turns his attention back to- “You’re Miss – Ms Potts? Tony’s girl?”
“You’ve got everyone on here except them. We have to communicate with SHIELD, don’t we?” Tony pulls a face and Steve shrugs, adds, “It would be kinda dumb having to carry their communicators
They bring Tony back wet, so Yinsen brings him a blanket and then, when Tony doesn’t stop shaking, he brings him some tea.
“I, uh, well, I thawed you,” Stark says. He laughs sharply, running a hand through his hair. “It was exciting. I figured we were going to have a dramatic introduction and I’d get to say ‘welcome to the world of tomorrow’ or something, but apparently they’re delivering New Scientist to the icecaps now.”
He watches her go until she’s disappeared up a sweeping staircase, and then he kneels down and sets about removing his boots. It’s a tough job, with cold fingers and wet knots and leather sticking to denim. Once he’s pulled one off, he looks up to meet Agent Romanoff’s watchful gaze.
“The desert’s practically inhospitable. I think... if I were gonna set up a secret terrorist base in the driest place on the planet, I’d sacrifice some of that secrecy for easier access, right? It’s still surrounded by miles of empty desert. How many people are gonna drive through that in a week? I’m thinking not a lot.”
With a whirr, the set of metal shutters next to his desk open up a couple feet, light spilling out through the gap to illuminate the room in white and blue. The row of armour gleams along the opposite wall. Tony turns to face the chamber, squinting into the light until he can see the arc reactor hum through the protective wall of reinforced steel and glass. His own chest throbs in sympathy.
Thor, from a whole alien realm where people wear amour and talk like Shakespeare, seems to have a better handle on Tony’s sense of humour than Steve’s managed yet. He laughs and pats Tony on the shoulder as he leaps to his feet, and he grabs the bag of popcorn, exclaiming, “For Jane!”
“You’re not actually going to write a paper on this, are you?” Steve says, tapping Tony’s shoulder with his knuckles, his breath gusting over Tony’s hair.
“Sorry,” he thinks he hears Tony say, but when he lifts his head back up and squints again into the light, Tony is long gone and Bucky is kneeling on the mattress next to him.
Steve opens his mouth and says, “I have to go to Chile. Bruce thinks there could be a HYDRA base there. I have to see.”
Clint whistles lowly through his teeth, lifting his feet up off the stool and swivelling around to sit cross-legged, already reaching out for the gun.
“Right. Let’s not... pursue that avenue. Here.” Ms Potts digs into the pile of towels and digs out a particularly fluffy red one, taller than her as she holds it up to Steve. She stares at it and then down at her slippers and adds, with a resigned expression, “Red’s his favourite colour, would you believe it?”
“Off the shoulder number, Cap. I like it. Ooh, warm towel. Even better. Black Widow,” he adds by way of greeting as he drapes the towel around his neck. “You’re looking as prone to eating your mates as ever.”
He turns on the camera and shoves his cell phone at Steve; Steve catches on quickly, holding it up at neck height so Tony can straighten his tie on camera.
Tony’s fingers slip and the button pops back out of its hole. He tuts, catching hold of the button and twisting it back and forth between his finger and thumb in silence for a little while.
“I’m sure,” Tony says. “Certain. Completely, one hundred per cent. It felt like – like the other one.”
“It was raining,” Tony echoes, still weakly sniggering. He sounds a little awed. “Of course it was. This is really you, isn’t it? The Great American Boy Scout. See, this is why SHIELD hasn’t been in touch – Fury probably picks up the phone to call you but he starts daydreaming about you buying
The next time is slower, and softer. Steve groans, rolling onto his side and spitting out a mouthful of warm, salty water. Another fives minutes, just five more, and then he’ll get up and start fighting this war again. His limbs ache. His lungs are burning.
There’s a pause. Tony slowly turns to stare at Thor, who is still frowning in deep thought. Beyond his giant, alien shoulders, Tony catches Barton’s eye and mouths, incredulously, ‘
“I’m pretty sure I’ve held water pistols heavier than this,” he says and he flips it around to peer down into the barrel of the gun.
The ball of energy smacks into the far wall with such force it reverberates through the floor all the way back to where they’re standing, and white light licks up the walls from floor to ceiling. The ripple in the air picks up until suddenly wind is rushing past them, away from the light – or
“Well, congratulations. You got your wish.” At last, Tony manages to unlatch the disc. He yanks it out of the socket and throw it onto the grass, where steam rises from it. “Those crazy kids are gonna make it and the bad guys know you exist. You realise we can’t go back home now? They’re going to rewind the footage and work out you came from Stark Manor and then Big Brother S will put together every stupid little slip-up that
“Perhaps they have,” Tony murmurs and he starts moving again, stepping out into the cave. Glass crunches under his feet.
“Welcome to the World Exposition of the Future,” Steve says. He looks around himself and wonders for the first time – “I guess some of this stuff must seem pretty commonplace to you?”
“I don’t normally throw it in confined spaces-” he starts to say, but they all groan, Tony flapping his hands, Clint shouting, “Come on!”
Steve stares around the workshop, with his jaw clenched and his hands in his pockets, while Tony fixes the last wires into place. He can feel Steve moving around behind him as if he’s giving off a force-field of disapproval.
Iron Man flies back into view, drawing to a halt to hover over Steve’s head, but he keeps the faceplate down this time as he says, via the communicator link, “Lot of people, taking a lot of photos. It’s trending on twitter. We’re gonna be internet famous. Even
Ms Potts – Pepper looks up at him thoughtfully, her head on one side, and then she smiles. A proper smile. It makes her look a lot less tired.
“Guess so,” Steve says, glancing sideways at him. He props his chin on his hand and smiles, first at Tony, and then out at the sky through the window. Tony’s driving fast and the neighbourhoods are rushing past, but there’s the sky, as blue as it has ever been, unmoving.
He stands, in time to hear the steel door close. The locks click-click-click into place and then the cave is silent again. Steve sighs, suddenly exhausted by the journey back to his cot. He’s locked in a cave by a man who looks just like the man he was ready to kill just a couple weeks ago, but Steve doesn’t feel like he's a prisoner. So he sleeps.
“-Tony,” Howard says, “I don’t truly understand why you are – the way you are, and you’re too young to understand this right now-”
“Oficina Chacabuco,” Bruce agrees. “It seems the most likely fit. It was used as a detention camp, so there are military facilities. Lots of abandoned mines in the area, too.”
With no sign of an imminent alien invasion or HYDRA uprising, there’s nothing to do but wait for Fury’s nod. Tony retreats to his lab to twiddle his thumbs. He works on the latest suit upgrades and his contracts and even shows up to a meeting in person, to keep them on their toes. He talks to legal for what feels like five hours and then he spends even longer in a teleconference with NASA, talking about the most powerful telescopes, the most distant stars. It’s fun; he has JARVIS order them all pizza.
Thor turns his hopeful gaze to Steve, who shrugs and spreads his hands and says, “I’d love to Thor, Jane, but... I’m still adjusting to colour TV. The kind of stuff Jane does is like science fiction to me. And anyway, wouldn’t you rather spend the day as just the two of you?”
“Please. Argument over, okay? Truce? But if HYDRA have something big planned that needs stopping, I need to know whether I’m doing it with SHIELD or with you.”
“A small one.” Clearing her throat, she lets go of his hands, pushing them back down, and she returns her attention to his tie. “Just try to remember you’re not the only one this time. There are five other lives at stake, Tony. Everything you say is going to reflect on your team from now on.”
Tony hums under his breath. “My side, huh?” He nudges Steve’s finger out of the way with his hand and solders the wire into place. “Could be him, then. Getting you out of the way by sending you to an alternate universe. Sneaky. Pass me that screwdriver. No, the other screwdriver.”
Steve stares down at the desert. It stretches uninterrupted for miles and miles. “And if anyone did get too curious, attract HYDRA’s attention, that’s a whole load of room to hide the bodies in.”
Clint waves a hand and mutter something that might be, “Tab my ass,” as he goes, jogging to keep up with the Hulk. Tony turns to Steve.
Barton, squeezing past with Romanoff, whispers sotto voce, “If the answers behind the Avengers are 90% SHIELD, what’s the other 10%?”
Tony rolls his eyes, picking his screwdriver up again. He tightens another fastening. Steve’s presence, behind him, feels ten feet wide. It itches between his shoulder blades.
“I’m not saying I believe in any higher power Thor couldn’t take in a fistfight,” he says. “Or fate, or destiny, or that I’m some kind of chosen one – even I’m not that egotistical. But a guy evades certain death enough times, he starts wondering if there’s a reason.”
He surfaces in the middle of a battle, Billy shooting messy bolts of electricity at the dozen riot gear-clad opponents while Teddy is shifting over and over – from hulk-like creature, to ogre, to Skrull – as he throws punches. They’re untrained. The soldiers swagger cockily with their tranquiliser guns. Steve winces as he watches Billy throw his hand out an advancing soldier, only for the surge of electricity to sputter from his fingertips and die out.
He presses level three on the number pad when it appears. As the doors slide shut, he looks up. Pepper’s smiling faintly with her head to one side, as if she’s thinking of a private joke, but her smile widens when he catches her eye. She lifts a hand in goodbye then lets it drop back down to her elbow.
The sun is in his eyes. He touches a hand to the glass and blue light ripples out around his fingers, quickly reforming into a list of – something. Tony doesn’t read it. He remembers the sensation of falling.
She purses her lips, frowning. “He didn’t tell you-? Of course he didn’t. After that night with the towels, Tony took your – well,
There is something cold inside the heat inside his chest. There is the most familiar hand on his shoulder.
“The very same.” Fury inclines his head.  “Anyway, to answer your question... I like to think I’m old enough and ugly enough to know when a project has outgrown the organisation that created it. I’m sure a genius like you is familiar with the phrase ‘if you love something, let it go.’”
“The reflexes on this guy,” Tony says, reaching over his desk to pat the Hulk on an arm twice as thick as Tony’s body. “He could be a whack-a-mole world champion.”
Obie stares down at him, breathing heavily, his grip on Tony’s face growing tighter. Tony blinks. Tony breathes. It’s all that he can do.
Tony snorts, and then they both jump as a giant hand swats through the air before them. The light scatters and shuts off and the Hulk frowns down at his fists, uncurling his fingers and peering under his arms and feet.
He says, “You’re right, I’m sorry, I guess I did. Got over-excited. It’s-” Heaving the last roll onto the floor, he drops his sample onto the empty work surface and spreads out a sheath of drafting paper. “It’s something kinda important. You know me, asshole at the best of times, right?”
He eats the pointy end of his cone in three quick bites, ice cream dripping onto his gauntlets, and then he grabs the hem of Steve’s sweatshirt and wipes his fingers clean on it.
Barton silently punches the air and Thor, not so silently, throws his arms up and cheers. He grabs Bruce, sitting next to him, and pulls him into a tight embrace that leaves Bruce jerkily, awkwardly, patting him on the back.
Through the glass the sky is turning greyish. He flops down onto her side of the bed, her cold pillow. When he closes his eyes, he can feel himself falling backwards, into the darkness.
Steve smiles sideways at him. For a moment Tony’s damn sure he’s going to say something like ‘you can do it’ or ‘I believe in you’, to which Tony would respond with something sarcastic, but Steve’s jaw shifts and he swallows and his mouth stays closed, the smile fading until he’s just looking at Tony out of the corner of his eye.
“It looks like a gun built by an idiot,” he says. “An idiot who’d never seen a gun before and was going off descriptions given by a different,
You’s camera remains in roughly the same position while JARVIS fastforwards, focussed on their backs as Steve and Tony moved and talked and pulled on their safety gear. The image freezes abruptly when it syncs with b-cam-001’s timestamp. Tony leans forward, resting his chin on his hand.
Tony looks around the table. Hill is staring at her hands, and Barton is staring at Fury, but Black Widow gazes back at him, unflinchingly.
“I’ll keep it somewhere safe,” Tony says. He looks up from the test tube at last, eyes wide and dark. “Would
Steve mentally rewinds, licking ice cream from his thumb. When he looks up again, Tony is staring intently at Steve’s hands. Steve runs his fingers through his hair and Tony’s gaze follows them.
Steve looks around to see Tony waving a bottle at him. He doesn’t look troubled, and for all Tony skates around his emotions as if they belong to someone else, Steve’s rapidly learning how bad he is at hiding them. He
Once the talking – and planning – is done, Steve goes down to fetch his shield from the workshop and say goodbye to Clint, still shooting angrily at his targets, and then he heads back up to the guest room – his room now, maybe – to grab some clothes. When he gets back to the living room, Bruce has disappeared and Tony is tinkering about behind the bar, humming to himself – a tune Steve recognises but can’t yet name.
Pepper makes a noncommittal noise that Tony feels through the hitch of her shoulders against his chin, through his own shoulder where it’s pressed against her back. He touches her arm.
He pauses. There’s a moment of silence that isn’t really so silent – he can hear the wind and the rain; he can hear Tony’s robot moving ash around; he can hear Tony. Breathing, then clearing his throat.
He tugs the black duffle out from under the crumpled trunk of the car, shoving bills that spill out back inside, and holds it out to them.
“Franklin. Valeria.” Steve stares at Tony, but Tony is staring back, just as perplexed. “Reed and Sue’s kids, Tony. What about them?”
Romanoff slips out the door first, Steve close behind her. There’s a moment of silence, as if everyone is holding their breath while they wait for the sounds of violence, but nothing comes. Clint takes up his post by the doors, one side propped open just enough that he can look down the corridor. He too has his gun drawn and ready. Tony lets out his breath. He claps his hands together.
,” Tony says. “Widow will get some special attention because she’s got mysterious feminine wiles. All you and Barton need to do is sit and look pretty and it’ll be a cakewalk.”
“I know, I’m sorry,” and there’s Tony’s voice. “I should have brought you back an ice cream sandwich.”
“That’s all highly classified,” Hill says. “Even I don’t have clearance to all the New York salvage right now.”
“Thanks, Mr... um?” Steve feels the elevator start to rise, as silent and smooth as the rest of the tower has been so far, and he lowers his hand from the wall; the blue light buttons linger for a few beats more, and then blink out. “Jeeves, was it? I remember you from Mr Stark’s SHIELD file.”
Can you carry the car? I don’t know what use it’ll be as evidence since you sat on it, but we’re better safe than sorry.”
He beckons with both hands impatiently, while Bruce makes his way down the staircase. He grabs Bruce’s bag from him as soon as he’s within reach, and balances it on the back of the couch, propped against his hip, so he can tug the zipper open. “You all packed already? What have you got in here?”
, he tells himself. Across the table from him, Bruce murmurs, “Times like these, I almost wish the other guy would come out and climb out the window.”
Yinsen lowers his fistful of wires and looks up at Tony over the rim of his little round glasses. He smiles faintly and says, “I’ve found that people rarely do.”
“It wasn’t all bad. Actually, mostly it was great,” Steve admits. “Until you and the government went insane.”
“You can’t go out in towels. You’ll get arrested, public indecency, even in the depraved future. Or you’ll get wet. Whichever is your least favourite, that’s what’ll happen.”
He emerges from the bar with four glasses – three contain something vividly yellow with a little umbrella and a curly straw stuck in each glass; the remaining one, Steve notes with a raised eyebrow, is just whiskey. Tony raises an eyebrow at Steve’s raised eyebrow, thrusting a glass into his hands. The whiskey, Tony keeps for himself.
Steve shrugs. He slings a leg over his motorcycle and sits, resting a hand on his thigh and the other, loosely, on the handlebar grip. He has to tilt his head back to look up at Tony, while he waits, smiling faintly.
He nudges the robot with his toes and the thing whirrs into life, its wheels spinning uselessly in the air. Although it looks completely unfamiliar, there’s something about the noise it makes that Steve recognises.
“Sloppy. You think they left it on purpose? If I were a terrorist organisation – and I’ve been accused, in the past. That was an accusation. Come on, guys, I said, I’m working
Natasha wordlessly holds the gun up again. Thor leans forward, the smile fading from his face as he studies it.
Straightening up, Rhodey casts an eye around the cluttered workshop, the wires, the prototypes, the reams of data printouts, and he adds, “But first, you owe me a drink.”
“But come,” Thor is saying, watching them mildly as if their scuffle were totally normal. Heck, for all Steve knows, it is in Asgard. “You need not be humble about your talents where you are among friends! Jane has told me much of your Midgardian legend. Have you not magic in your heart?”
“Banner,” Agent Romanoff says again. “Or the pizza delivery guy, knowing Stark. I have safety pins.”
Tony is waiting for him in the mouth of an alleyway half a block away, tying and retying his shoelace. He unties it again as Steve approaches, then says, loudly, “Dave. I think I need new shoelaces.”
He passes the bill to the bank employees, and as more people start to shuffle forwards, avoiding each other’s eyes, he takes a step back to watch. He hears Tony’s heavy, metallic footsteps behind him and turns.
“Please,” Steve says, grabbing hold of Tony’s wrist as he begins to pull away. “I need to know if we’re alone in this.”
Steve almost jumps, but suppresses it. He crosses his arm. “Take me to the basement, please, Mr Jarvis.”
Tony, who is still looking at Steve much too thoughtfully, tilts his head. “What, to Jane and Thor? Good god, no, not yet. Those two are, uh, you know, young love. Those crazy kids, gonna make it. I dunno what happens if you come between them when they’re saying hello after a whole four hours apart, but it probably ends in a threesome.”
Tony’s grin broadens and he pulls his hands out of his pockets, holds his arms out to show Steve. The glowing cufflinks, the strangely cut suit, come rising up in Steve’s mind like the memory of a dream.
Steve is drunker than he ought to be. He’s sitting sideways on Bucky’s bed with his back to the wall. He is nineteen and he has Bucky’s father’s whiskey, and he has Bucky, kneeling on the floor, bandaging his fingers with only slightly unsteady hands. Bucky has always held his liquor better than Steve.
“I guess not.” Tony stumbles as Steve pushes him away, falling back down into his broken chair. Steve turns away. He runs a hand through his hair and sighs deeply; it’s only partly performance. His DNA might still be safe, but nothing else in this world seems to be.
Tony is so engrossed in the code for JARVIS’ birthday upgrades, he barely notices his cell is ringing until Barton throws a pen at him and JARVIS says, levelly,
Tony says it automatically, absent-mindedly, with no real bite. Ignoring the colourful face of the shield, he flips it over and gazes down at the back, where the joins are visible. Steve watches him run his finger along the fastening of one of the straps and give it a tug, testing the give.
He drops down into Thor’s vacated stool and snaps his fingers under Steve’s nose until Steve bats his hand away, turns and says, “Do you mind?”
“That filthy rich bastard with his name stamped on all the landmarks, was how she put it,” Tony stage whispers to Steve.
Despite the velocity, Tony’s voice comes through close and clear, thanks to the ear piece he forced on Steve, insisting “hitching rides with robot armour is stupid enough; hitching a ride with the robot armour without being able to hear what I’m saying is a whole new level of moronic.” Much as Steve hates the feel of it in his ear, he can’t deny that Tony had a point.
you’re a brat. What, did you think I found it charming? Get real, Tony. You’re about as charming as a kick in the teeth.”
Tony shrugs. He turns back to his work, to frown up at the holographic circuitry of his surveillance prototype. “Not yet. Running a few programs. Turns out it’s kinda difficult, matching up a low res snapshot of a few stars in the middle of a shaky, glowy portal with – what, the other end of the universe? A parallel universe? Have we decided what we’re calling it yet?”
Steve drops his hands. He breathes in slowly. Impromptu speech made, the silence hangs between them.
“Take it, then,” he says. “And wear your damn earpiece, for god’s sake. I know when you don’t. I know everything. Look, it’s easy when you get used to it, just pretend you’re talking to an imaginary friend.”
Steve keeps his eyes up front and focuses on the march, and on the gleam of Iron Man’s flight stabilisers floating just overhead, just out of reach.
None of it seems important enough to save – this Tony hasn’t run a company and a superhero team in a long time. After riffling through the sheath of papers, Steve sets it aside and picks through the rest of the rubbish until he finds a small screwdriver. It’s the same one Tony stuck into his arm only a week ago. The screw head is probably too small, Steve thinks, but he could make it work if there’s nothing else. He sets it carefully on the heavily scratched surface of the workstation. Fresh, new scratches. Osborne’s men destroyed everything they could touch.
“Board, designs, Friday. Important. Got it.” Steve nods and at Pepper’s quick thumbs up, he heads back towards the elevator. “Have a nice day, Ms – Pepper.”
“I’m not saying that! Have you ever thought about what this is like for me? Has that ever crossed your mind? You almost died, Tony! In
“You’re terrifying,” Tony says. Looking around, he grabs Ms Potts’ discarded, still mostly full drink and holds it out to her; she shrugs and takes it. “I mean it, you scare me. More than aliens. More than the stock market.”
“Yes. I’m sorry.” Standing suddenly, Tony spreads his arms and raises his voice, eyes scanning the cave walls until his gaze fixes on one point, before quickly drifting away again. “I hadn’t anticipated an attack like this.”
“Oh, hell,” the man says. “No, stop, I’m sorry. I’m not – I’m laughing with you, not at you, okay? This is the smallest I’ve ever seen you. We’ll laugh about this in the, uh - in the future.”
He taps his finger against the arc reactor under Tony’s shirt, gently enough this time that Tony doesn’t stumble. Tony takes a step back anyway, frowning up at Thor. He puts a hand over his chest.
Steve breathes out slowly. “I guess even if you’d – Knowing it was going to happen, before Doctor Harris said she - That would probably have been worse.”
He can’t tell whether or not Tony’s awake enough to hear him, or even really see him, but his eyes slide shut again all the same and he mumbles something too soft for even Steve to hear, words dying out on a sigh. His breathing evens out again.
“Nah, his feelings for you are as pure as the driven snow. He loves you like he loves America and, uh... fighter jets.”
He looks up and down the alley, then around the corner out into the busy street, but the man has gone.
“No, it’s true, none taken. I was born with a giant silver spoon made of other, normal-sized spoons in my mouth, I admit it.”
“The time is 9:17 am,” JARVIS is saying. “Temperature 61.16°F, 16.2°C. Humidity 44%, wind speed eleven miles per hour and blowing south westerly. Excellent conditions for the armour. Would you care for a summary of the current headlines?”
“I... don’t know what means,” Steve says. “Look, just – have you heard anything from SHIELD at all?”
have me learn more of Midgard, now the Tesseract is returned to us and the bifrost restored to its former glory. He wishes for me to be a diplomat between our worlds.”
them showing off. Kinda. JARVIS, record this conversation. Not for my jerk-off material,” he adds to the room at large. “I’m calling the others. We might need a record of it for later.”
“Okay, well done, that’s enough of that. I’m awesome, they’re awesome, gimme.” Tony plucks Steve’s communicator out of his hands and ends the call. The room falls silent again. Tony, with a relieved sigh, packs their communicators away.
Steve’s bag strap is cutting into his shoulder. Steve’s head is beginning to ache. He leans his forehead against the smooth, cold wall of the elevator and closes his eyes.
Bucky laughs and punches him lightly in the arm. He nods to Tony, cranes his head back to stare up into the globe and whistles through his teeth. There are still fireworks exploding overhead, as if the world hasn’t changed irrevocably.
Tony stole a glance at his watch. They still needed to buy some time, and at this rate they were going to be ready to go in less than two minutes. Tony looked at Steve, then walked over to Thor and Loki, feeling Steve's blue eyes on him. "Thor, do you mind if I take a look at that? I can't stop the curiosity in me." Thor nodded, handing over the gag, before helping Loki stand. It was eerie that he was so silent now.
Tony rolled the words around his head, thinking through all the possible outcomes "You really shouldn't trust me with that responsibility," he said slowly. "I was just kidnapped for five days, and spent four days with an evil organization that tried to control the world through manipulation."
"We saw a dog running through the park," Wade piped up. "And we caught the dog, and we found his owner, and she let us play with her dog!"
“I don’t know. Don’t let Tony see until you get back to the Tower,” Pepper suggested. “I’m on my way there now, I’ve got the PR team coming to the offices to prepare for this.”
"I like it when you're here, Mr Steve," Peter said, looking at him from on top of Tony's chest. Tony shot Steve a knowing smirk.
"Dead is a not a look I plan on taking on for a good many years," she told him softly. "Alright, now let me get to my babies." Tony chuckled and she stepped onto the sidewalk. The car drove back towards the garage as soon as Tony shut the door. He turned to look as Meg was taking Conor from Rachel, Julie coming closer with Rowan. Tony frowned a little, and Rachel looked over to catch the expression.
"If I remember right, my soft skin, specially my lips, the fact that I'm unfair but I'm fun, that I'm a good man-" Tony hopped out, putting his hand over Steve's mouth as he listed things off, ticking them off on his fingers as well.
"You're really serious about this?" Mary asked, leaning forward, looking Steve in the eye. "Tony's been hurt before, and he's very guarded. He's stubborn, an ass, and he'll try to get you to run away as soon as he figures out what's going on."
“I have a plan for today, Steven,” Tony insisted. He picked up a couple pieces of clothes and handed them to Peter. “You go get dressed, then I’ll pull out the rest.” Peter ran out, eager to get dressed. Tony turned and kissed Steve deep, hand curling around the back of his neck. “He’s even more excited about his outfit after yesterday.”
"Alright, Captain Sassypants." Steve grinned under Tony's hand. "You're being my shield today, get used to it, let's go." Steve slipped his hand into Tony's as they left the bedroom, a tingle spreading up Tony's arm at the sensation. He could handle this.
"That's oddly specific, and not that far away." Mary watched him pull out his tablet, a calendar popping up.
“That boy couldn’t stop singing your praises today!” Mary grinned at him. Tony relented and laid down next to Mary since she had pulled him down. “Telling me about all the things you did with him back at the Manor, and since you’ve arrived at the Tower. You are a good Father, Tony, and I don’t want you to ever think otherwise.”
But seriously, sorry for the wait, enjoy the new chapter, and the next is already in progress! There might only be a couple more chapters in this story, we'll see how the characters react.
"It was hard enough having to move, again, but the building doesn't even have a gym." Steve lifted his head back up. "How fast can you buy the building and put in a gym?"
"Jealous? No no, I'll never be jealous of HammerTech." Tony looked the suit down, then back up. "Yeah, he destroyed the sleek model I had, completely not jealous."
"Well, that was new," Mary murmured, and Steve was glad that it wasn't just him. They looked at each other for a moment. "I'm sorry that-"
“This is Iron Man?” Tony asked in awe. He took the Iron Man bear and examined it. “I actually made a suit of armor…”
Bethany Cabe is from the classic Iron Man comics. In it, she was romantically involved (but it wasn't a long affair) with Tony and was hired to be in his company's security team. In this story AU, she's his good friend.
He heard a thud sound from beside him. To his horror, there was a 6-year-old girl hiding under the table right beside him.
“Oh, I’d like you to take a look at this tomorrow morning at 10.” Reed spoke while flipping through his notes. “Sue will receive you. Ben and Johnny will be with me upstairs.”
Kayla was staring at a muscular man who was dressed up like he was going for a Viking themed cosplay. She was still not fully awake from her sleep. She kept blinking at him.
He trusted Obadiah, so much. He was there for Tony. He was the one constant in Tony’s life. And, he was close to being Tony’s father figure. Jarvis was his ultimate father figure, no doubt. But Obadiah was there, encouraging him to pursue engineering and to help out with the company. Could he really be dealing under the table, with Stark Industries’ rival?
An hour later, the babies and the others were in the living room. Thor was talking to baby Wanda. He settled her on his lap.
Tony walked over and paid first, using his credit card. Steve was walking behind the others, admiring Tony’s shape. He also saw the little bulge Tony had, his tight pants exaggerating it even more.
He wasn’t aware of the elevator doors sliding open, and Clint and Thor staring at Tony with eyes as wide as saucers.
“Rhod… Cap, Steve!” Tony cried out. “You’re looking all pumped up and angry! Good! We need you here to lead both sides so that Thor and I can get the stones! Cap, we need you. It’s getting harder to beat them as the hour passes.” Tony’s voice cracked at the end. He closed his eyes for a second and opened them. The screen faded out.
“Hey, I’m right here, and I dealt with it just fine,” Tony sat up and raised an eyebrow. “Anyway, he could have but I did distract him with a potential invention of mine. But really, Nat, you couldn’t find a thing?”
“Oh young man, you’re hungry aren’t you.” Steve lifted him up. “We’ll get you milk.” Steve took Tony’s big shirt and wrapped it around the baby. He saw the stone, but decided to just leave it there. Baby Tony was too tired to cry. He rested his head on Steve’s firm shoulders. Steve started to feel the hints of loneliness, but brushed that feeling away.
“Keep these two close to you, okay?” Clint asked. He gave little Tony a hug, squeezing the little boy.
I hope you're having a good weekend! Here's the next update and I hope you enjoy this. Thank you so much for your support so far!
“I wanna talk about the camping trip I took with my father every year,” Carson practiced with Tony. “My father and I booked a trip to Malibu for a camping trip, in which we always found a way to irritate my mom. Of course we can’t do that now, because my father’s dead.”
” Steve realized Tony immediately took on the leader positon, but there was only so much of orders even the genius could give. He knew Tony wanted to look at the science aspect of the battle; the stone and how to destroy it rather than giving orders.
On their way back, there was the usual press gathered at the entrance of the Tower. They were always snooping around for the scoop; with some journalists wanting to reach a milestone in their career. Once they saw a little boy on Natasha’s arms, they jumped in.
Steve dodged several ice bullets using his shield. The bullets made a “klang”, “klang”, “klang” sound when it hit the shield and ricocheted off. Steve ran to where the armor had just landed with Scott. He ordered the AI to override and open up Tony’s armor. The armor did open up. A boy, about 4 years old with big tearful brown eyes looked up. There was a smile on the boy’s face when he recognized Captain America looking down at him with concern.
“Accidentally you say?” Tony had a sly smile. Reed chuckled at that. “So, what would you like me to do?”
It didn’t take long for Steve to realize who he was talking about. “Seemed like he made an impact in your life.” Steve went closer to him.
Steve quickly turned behind. He was looking at Rhodey, holding the couch to stop himself from falling. “Colonel.”
Clint was changing into his gear at the side of the jet. Everyone’s back was facing him. Natasha and Wanda were already dressed up. Bruce was preparing to Hulk out once the jet drops them off at the street. Bucky was thinking he was going to sit this one out. What can he do with just one arm? He closed his eyes for a moment.
There was a flight of stairs. Kayla helped switch on the lights once they reached down. The basement was huge. Just one-third of the basement had the makeshift lab, courtesy of Bruce Banner.
“You know Tasha, if I had a room like this, I’d never get out of the house!” Clint laughed. He threw himself onto the bed and hugged the bolster, squealing like a little kid.
“And the teddy bear collection,” Natasha added. She whispered to Tony before getting up, caressing his cheek, “Look, you don’t have to wallow in your own sadness alone. We’re all here for you. You can always talk to us, Tony. We really love you.”
“I really like you, Tony,” Steve leaned in closer. He caressed Tony’s cheeks, looking into his eyes earnestly.
And then, the ride began. Tony could hear Clint’s scream already slowly starting. He chuckled to himself.
Antman was also helping by kicking two Frost Giants back when he was reverting back to his normal size. That sent them back. He pushed one of them to, Bucky who helped by punching him using his new adamantium arm. That Frost Giant flew in.
“Hey, I didn’t know we had a pest problem,” Clint laughed. He fired another arrow, that casted a net on the three of them. “And you and your buddies are not welcome here!” he gritted his teeth.
He walked and sat beside Tony. He held Tony’s right hand. “We can start over.” He went even more closer and placed his forehead on Tony’s. They both closed their eyes, feeling each other’s warmth.
“It kinda makes sense,” Doctor Strange spoke up. “Thor, get the soft one here. And bring our two boys back please.”
“We will,” Sam said, while taking his suit from Natasha. Scott nodded. “See you all.” He told all of them in the jet.
Tony on the other hand was so glad he was able to thank his one inspiration, his idol, Captain America himself. At that age, his only wish was to see and talk to Steve. It got fulfilled, even though it was just for a short time. Little Tony was sure going to miss his time here in the future; in his future.
“Yeah, I brought them in,” Tony spoke up while looking for that project of his. “Ah, there you go. Bucky, come here.”
“I got this!” Sam shouted. He ran to the stove and turned the heat down. He threw the pan onto the sink and the flames slowly died down.
Reed raised both eyebrows at what he had heard. Sue cleared her throat, not knowing what exactly Tony had meant by that. Johnny was trying so hard not to burst out laughing and was quaking, prompting Ben to place a hand on his shoulder to signal him to calm down.
Bucky sighed. “Sometimes. If you call running around a city changing apartments a workout, then I do workout,” Bucky said. That made Natasha sigh.
Both of them broke free from one another and rushed to the door. Once they opened it, they were confused at what was going on.
He gave both the kids a hug, Tony on his right and Wanda on his left, while Chippy looked up at him with his tongue sticking out, expectantly.
After a few minutes, Tony’s nosebleed stopped. Jarvis suggested they all went up and saw how their rooms looked like. All of them slowly trudged up. They turned left and stopped. There were a few room doors and no one knew which one was whose.
Today, Tony was wearing a black suit with a red shirt inside. The heat didn’t really bother him - meeting investors or another company’s personnel in hot weather in formal attire was something Tony was used to.
“I don’t see the mansion at all,” Clint yawned. He looked slightly better after the nap. “All I see is a road surrounded by trees.”
“Hey Tony,” Reed grinned. For a mad scientist, he looked neat. “I’m glad you decided to return the call.”
“Yes Clint. I mean, duh,” Tony laughed. “And the plan for tomorrow is pretty simple. In the morning, we’ll chill at my house and then, maybe, hit the beach for a while. In the evening, all 6 of us have a reservation booked at this fancy restaurant.”
At Avengers Tower, Steve was having a PB&J at the communal level. He was watching the news with focus, secretly hoping a super-villain was giving the public trouble so that he could throw himself into fighting him and not think about what he had done last night. He had already wrecked four punching bags in the gym. Never had he felt sorry for punching bags, till today.
“Strange, conjure your strongest shield for the others in a while! Sue and Wanda, join him!” Tony fired an order. “Rest of you, behind them!”
As it was tiny, the stone was annihilated, but with devastating effects. Waves of purple shot everywhere. Two buildings on either sides of the street came crashing down. The explosion nearly knocked Doctor Strange’s shield. He kept it up with all his might. Sue, Wanda and the others fell down because of the impact.
After ten minutes of ensuring they got everything, the team was running towards the empty field. The two girls, Sam and Clint were pulling their luggage and running at the same time. No one was out at that hour. Chippy was trotting behind them.
Steve felt that that was enough. He let out a growl before lunging onto Tony. He slammed him against the wall, and crashed his lips onto Tony’s. He rubbed his hard cock against Tony, and that earned a moan from him. Tony felt his eyes rolling, and his hips jerked up. Steve’s hands were all over him. Tony was trying to register all the sudden movements, but Steve’s hard kiss made it impossible to.
“Where are the heavy hitters?” Clint asked while running down the hallway, looking for any other civilians.
“Yeah, it’s a possibility, unless he was in limbo. It's also like a mixture... Like, our Tony was brought back in time but little Tony appeared here and once he crossed the timing, he got a little essence of adult Tony. It's complicated, really, but that's the gist of it,” Bruce said.
Steve gave Tony’s cheek a sweet kiss. Both of them decided to unpack their items quickly and then go for lunch.
“He said he does not feel worthy of the Cap mantle anymore, especially after what happened in Siberia,” Tony said while firing some repulsor blasts at a Frost Giant. “He’ll be on comms.”
I want to apologize that it took too long for me to update this story and my other ones. It was so hard to find the time to juggle work and writing. I'm just so glad I could finish this.
“Tell you what,” Tony started. He was still in shock. “I’ll bring the girls out for a quick shopping. Bruce, go online and order 3 small baby cots. We can use the guys’ room for the kids.”
“Oh Tony,” Professor Williams laughed. “Thank you for that. I think we can move on to the next person.”
“Tony, are you… okay?” Sue looked at him worriedly. He was just rooted to the ground, like a stone statue.
Tony was sitting down on the floor, near the window. Steve was seated opposite him. Bucky was relatively quiet during the feeding session, so was Clint. But Natasha was trying to wriggle her way out of Tony’s grip. She managed to slide onto the floor. Tony sighed before placing her back onto his lap. She giggled before Tony began to feed her.
“I just asked Heimdall to show me where my hammer landed,” Thor suddenly spoke up. And boy, did he sound mad. “It’s at our communal level, and so are two AIM scientists and our friend, Tony.”
Bucky was in the kitchen eating Chinese takeout with Linda and Kayla. Steve on the other hand, was worried as they had no strategy planned out. But he was more than glad the team was able to make it back. He sat back on the couch and was watching them bickering over TV channels and movies.
Tony couldn’t take it. He ran back to his room to cry more. He saw a Captain America doll and took it. He hugged the doll and had cried himself to sleep. When he woke up, he was stark naked and was transported back to limbo, right beside the tree. Within a few seconds, he felt himself go dizzy.
Natasha scoffed, shaking her head. Behind her, the Hulk growled while Thor’s grip on Mjolnir tightened.
Bruce passed it to her without a comment. Everyone else were looking at her. She switched on the television and straight away turned on a News channel. She gasped. So did the others.
After one last feeding session, the babies were placed into their respective cots. Linda and Kayla had agreed to sleep in the room with the babies, which they did. Wanda took the master bedroom, while the rest of them took the living room.
“The Hulk came out,” Tony smiled. His eyes were still watery, and that smile he had made Bruce’s heart melt.
He avoided looking at either Clint or Thor. This was the most honest he’s ever been to either of them.
“Yes Steve, everyone except Stark,” Sam chuckled. “Go on, talk to him. Both of you need to talk. Seriously, you both need to be locked in a room or in some place to have a good talk before coming back here.” Sam smiled and gave Steve’s shoulder an encouraging squeeze.
“Alright, for now, this should be fine,” Steve sighed. He still felt uncertain. But he left it at that.
While Tony loved the night sky and cool wind. He kept looking up while walking, his right hand was safely enveloped by Steve's big left hand.
After a click, the General started to speak. The volume was loud. “So, I heard you came back from the medical in one piece? Whatever. Your friends are still here and they’re still not authori-”
He remembered Tony screaming in the middle of the night, telling his dad to not hit him. Steve had jerked awake and had calmed his boyfriend down. He hugged a crying a Tony and kept whispering reassurances to him. Both of them went to bed after that, with Tony being the little spoon.
Tony almost laughed at his words. But he pushed that feeling away. “Look Steve, that video was just an experiment of lying and telling the truth. It’s nothing more.”
“Why didn’t you?” Natasha was still talking with her voice raised. She chucked her two slices of strawberry jam toasts into her Tupperware box.
“Guys hurry up, they’re coming back out!” Steve was getting worried. He looked up, just in time to catch Iron Man and Thor breeze by above.
“I’m sure you can sell all the toys and lab equipment,” Tony smiled. He walked towards the girls and gave them both a hug. “Any of you girls need a job, just call me. I left my number in the lab. Thank you so much, you two. Take care.” Tony left them to switch on the controls and engines.
“Thanks for allowing us here, Colonel,” Steve smiled. “Most of them will leave after a small debrief.”
“Oh my God, Clint, just ask,” Tony said. He then went back to his room, to take a pair of brown socks for Clint.
Steve was curiously flipping switches and saw the numberings change from 1610-U, 9810-U, 3490-U and 616-U. He left the switch and looked at the other controls. Tony was playing with the speed button. He placed the option at maximum launch speed.
Tony’s eyes widened as he almost choked on his food, but he went along with the hug. A hug from Thor was always a comfort.
Something crashed on top. “Shit!” Bruce shouted as he ran down the stairs. His towel was strapped around his waist, which he was clutching and he wasn’t wearing a shirt. He was still wet from the shower, there was water dripping down from his hair. He came to a complete halt when he saw the gang seated on the sofa. He totally forgot to consider the possibilities of the gang coming face-to-face with him. None of his teammates had seen him in this state before, maybe except Natasha.
It was about 5 in the morning. It was still dark. The babies were sleeping peacefully upstairs with Kayla. Linda had wanted to take the master bedroom. Steve sat up on the couch. He couldn’t sleep much. Something had been bothering him. And it had been waking him up from his peaceful slumber abruptly.
“Maybe…” Tony thought hard. It was a good question. Would Tony have ever told Steve about his feelings? Maybe yes on a good day, over hot dogs or walking through art galleries with Steve, if he was into that. But on a bad day, maybe not. After an argument, Tony knew he wouldn’t be able to handle Steve rejecting him. It was a hard question to answer either yes or no to, almost impossible.
She was putting together the piece on the right part of the board, while Tony took the left. They were slowly forming an image of the Avengers. Steve lied down, chest flat, and just watched them in silence. Chippy got up and walked towards him. He settled down right beside Steve’s warm torso and curled up into a sleeping position.
Of course it was. If Natasha had set it up it meant that she was tired of watching them both pining on either corners of the Tower.
Jane laughed. She forgot all about her worries and sorrows and laughed out loud, much to the glee of Tony. “Are you gonna cheat on Steve with me?” she asked him sarcastically.
Tony smiled and found himself running on the path to school. He involuntarily crashed into Janet Van Dyne.
“Yeah,” Natasha said as if in a daze. “He can be really stubborn and is very competitive. But deep down he’s a good guy.”
The plane banked to its left, which made the sunlight slip away from Steve’s face. A few seconds later the plane banked to its right. Steve slowly opened his eyes when the sunlight hit his face again.
“Yeah they are,” he replied. "Just for tonight though. They have a friend's place to visit and stay at from tomorrow."
Her hair was flying wildly because of the jet. “For God’s sake, push that bastard back!” Luke gave one of the Frost Giants a punch, which sent him flying back.
“I’m gonna fuck you so hard tonight,” Steve whispered hotly into Tony’s ear after breaking the kiss. “Do you have any idea… how hot you looked and what you were doing to me the whole night?” Steve was panting.
“And I’ll go back to 177 Bleecker Street first for the cleaning up. Gosh it’s terrible there. And I’ll visit Tony in the medical unit once he gets up.” Doctor Strange adjusted his Cloak.
But… Tony was a grown up. Why was he worrying about this like he was a college kid who needed some form of love to hang on to? He was a full fledged adult and he could face rejections. He could take it.
