“N-no. No, I’m okay. Just …” he trailed off, hearing footsteps in the room above. “It doesn’t matter.
"Dude! I told you to wait!" The boy shouted at him, before rolling his eyes and continuing his pace along the beam. "I
"I don't really feel comfortable taking medication," Castiel mumbled, watching the demon physically relax against the beam, the boy’s face scrunching up briefly as he clearly tried to get comfortable. "I know it's intended to help, but I feel safer relying on my Grace. I don't know what kind of reaction I'd have to something foreign."
“Forgetting all that shit for a second, can you just do some sort of reading on Cas to see what’s wrong? Please? I … I think he might have a problem with his Grace? Like, some sort of energy channel is blocked or something …”
“Which is why I’m more than happy to get you stuff whenever you want. You don’t have to worry about money,” Dean stressed, and Castiel felt the shadow begin to return slowly again, pooling at his feet.
He'd been tracking it since dawn, keeping himself concealed, simply waiting for a moment he could get it alone without causing too much of a disturbance. There was only so much he could do whilst it was in the company of others and although he'd made sure to stay out of sight, it had obviously sensed him early on in the day. Castiel still didn’t know exactly where it was that he’d slipped up, but there wasn’t much point in dwelling on it now. Not when he shouldn't even still be at the place they'd engaged.
. It made him feel even worse about the whole thing to think that Castiel's symptoms were beginning to seem more and more different to what Sam had experienced. Yeah, Sam had been weak and he'd been sick in the past when the pain got to be too much, but it was never
But the angel’s chest lifted subtly with a breath, and Dean immediately regretted ignoring his rational thoughts prior, aware of just how stupid it was to continually reach out and handle a person whose sole being could wipe him out with a little bit of light.
"Fuck ... yeah, sorry. I forgot about that," the boy murmured before falling quiet, looking down to his hands. Castiel watched the boy's expression, the slight confusion that furrowed his brow and the concentrated look in his eye.
She stared at him a little longer, her eyes still displaying an element of irritation before she was going back to pretending that she knew what she was doing.
The boy was far faster than Castiel expected, but then again, a wound to the shoulder was hardly going to slow his pace. Not as much as Castiel’s own injury, anyway.
The corpse was a struggle to lift in his weakened state, but he managed to haul it over his shoulder before his strength depleted too much, walking haphazardly back over to the nearest dumpster to dispose of the body.
God, his mind was all over the place. There was a familiar fear that settled in the pit of his stomach as the shouts continued from the room next door, but he pushed himself to continue to walk over, knowing full well that he couldn't afford to waste time dwelling on something so minor when the whole situation could be handled in a matter of minutes. Bobby had lost enough blood as it was. Any more and the damage could be irreparable.
Dean considered waiting another week or so before asking Bobby to consider getting Sam's number off the phone for him, although he wouldn't be surprised if the older man had thrown the object away completely. Maybe Bobby had looked over Dean's phone already and taken note of the number just in case, but it made Dean feel slightly sick to think that Bobby had had access to his messages and everything else.
Dean didn't even know why he was thinking about it all. Not when what Sam had said implied something other than first impressions.
But Castiel stayed quiet, holding Dean’s gaze like he’d be risking his life if he looked away, and Dean couldn’t help but feel nervous, unsure of what the hell he could do whilst Cas refused to pass comment. He reached out carefully, poking him lightly in the chest and lowering his voice. “Earth to Castiel. You listening to me?”
The water shortage wasn’t too bad seeing as the spring behind Castiel’s cove never dried up or became dirtied by the dry soil scratched from the ground. It was shielded and constant, until the frost hit. That was the only time it became a difficulty.
In all honesty, Castiel had known something of the sort was bound to happen at some point throughout his career, but out of all his employers, he’d trusted Crowley most of all. Crowley had paid better, and never forced him to pair with anyone to get the job fulfilled. They had built a fairly stable work relationship as a result.
?" Castiel interrupted, and Dean started picking at the denim of his jeans again, a little uncomfortable with the change in Cas's tone.
Obviously Dean wouldn't let the dog get that far in the first place, but there really wasn't much to worry about.
He watched the pink in the sky turn purple, chewing on his lower lip. It was exhausting to try and think about something else, and he didn't have much else to distract him, so when he heard the quiet beep of his cell phone from where he'd left it inside, he clambered down from the ledge to go grab it in a matter of seconds.
Despite his want to help, Dean actually found himself taking a few steps back when Cas collapsed forward onto his hands and knees, the floorboards cracking beneath his palms as a low humming resounded around them and light pulsed intensely from the angel’s position. The wood began to split beneath the carpeting and the entire room seemed to tilt inwards towards the angel, accompanied by an ever-increasing high pitched frequency that made Dean’s bones ache with each and every passing moment until all he could see was white.
He pushed himself up into a seated position slowly, leaning back on his hands and squinting up at the foliage.
Dean did as he was told, keeping silent even when Castiel sat beside him on the beam, the medical kit placed carefully on the floor. Castiel seemed to prefer the quiet, but then, of course, he would. He’d been asking for Dean to stop talking for ages, so it really wasn’t any surprise that the angel went about everything with this serene expression and a calmer air to his actions – not that Dean had stared at him or anything because he didn’t exactly want Cas to have a go at him for that as well, but he snuck glances when he knew Castiel was completely engrossed in what he was doing, kinda alarmed by just how well Cas was treating him.
Phoning now to check up on him wasn't really going to help matters though. It was coming up to midnight and he was fairly certain Dean would have phoned if he were struggling.
The demon was clutching at the fresh wound, staring at him from across the room, still keeping quiet. Castiel chose to ignore him completely, not really deeming him that much of a threat. The boy had had a chance to hurt Castiel in return and he had chosen not to. It was a weak creature, and for that, Castiel was incredibly grateful. It would be easier to escape with someone so pathetic watching over him.
Thinking about it now - and thinking about just how old the earth was - Dean wouldn't be surprised some of it was the truth. Or, at least, some other variation of the tale was. There were specific details in each story that did kind of make Dean stop and think for a while, but a lot of it was also borderline-Hollywood, and Dean was actually surprised he'd never heard of any films being based on stuff like this.
Dean could feel the heat creep up his own neck, turning his head to the side so that his eyes were focussed on the front door instead.
Crowley looked down to the desk for a moment, his expression unreadable. He certainly didn't seem angry, and it wasn't as if Castiel had made an unreasonable request. He knew that a fair few of the hunters that hung around in the upstairs bar were on a higher wage because of their experience, and although it was somewhat arrogant, Castiel knew he was a better hunter than a lot of the humans who were paid more. His employment through Crowley may not last any longer than a year before he found himself in trouble again, but he aimed to make the most of his time at this firm - especially if it meant he'd occasionally be able to save some of his earnings again in spite of his more expensive lifestyle.
"I'm your favourite person too, right?" Dean questioned, his shadow coiling around his legs beneath the covers languidly.
It was late anyway. Dean didn't know what time exactly, but he assumed Bobby was in bed. All the lights were off on the lower floor and Dean couldn't sense anyone about, so he padded between the rooms repeatedly for a while, not too worried about waking the older man up.
Of course it had hurt, and of course he had killed the werewolf as fast as he could, but it was making him weak and it would be a few days before he would regain his usual power – and even though it could be fatal, he couldn’t afford to turn down a job offer if one came his way anytime soon.
The main reason as to why he hadn't spoken without a prompt was because he hadn't wanted to mention abilities that the demon wouldn't have found interesting, and like with his eyes, he'd thought the response he'd receive would only be one of torment.
"Don't worry, I should be okay to head back in in a minute," Dean replied cheerfully, a soft smile on his face as he watched the man head back inside the bar.
"You were going to kill me, and for all I know you still are!" Castiel yelled. "I'm putting my trust in you, so why can't you do the fucking same?"
Castiel grabbed his toothbrush from the side of the sink before applying toothpaste, his face still feeling somewhat warm.
“I’m not healing fast because there’s warding all over the fucking place,” he grumbled in irritation, but he let Dean handle him regardless, trusting the boy to do what he felt was necessary. He rather doubted that Dean would intentionally hurt him anyway. “Why didn’t you just take me back to the motel?”
“You don’t have to be embarrassed, you know. I mean, it’s kind of amusing, but I’m not going to laugh at you for being sensitive,” Castiel murmured, ruffling Dean’s hair almost tentatively like he’d expected Dean to punch him for it or something.  “You’re a fucking kid. You shouldn’t even be hunting.”
"You asked me if it happened frequently," Castiel continued, reaching back to drop a netted bag of oranges into the basket before adding a different variety of apples to the new plastic bag. "And I don't know that. I can't see them without looking in a mirror."
Castiel frowned when he realised the demon was on the verge of hyperventilating; the boy’s breaths beginning to sound audibly sharp and rushed as opposed to their prior virtual silence, and as uncomfortable as it made Castiel feel, he pulled the boy closer, the kid's hands clawing at his shirt almost as if he thought Castiel had been about to push him away.
"If we hurt anyone, it's because we're hunters or we're protecting ourselves! Like I've said before: we're not like demons in the sense that we kill and torment for pleasure, spreading fucking rumours in the hope that an entire species turns extinct!" Castiel exploded, his voice cracking toward the end. "I mean, how often do you find yourself out of work for being deemed the inferior race? When was the last time you heard of a
“Oh, come on, man. I just had a couple of things to take care of. It’s a bit different to ditching you in a vampire nest.”
He pushed both hands through his wet hair, keeping it from his forehead before turning around to pull himself up onto the grass, reaching for his towel. He got to his feet, scooping up the bar of soap as he started back toward the concealed dirt path, grateful for the shade of the area as he made his way off of the burning soil, the skin of his upper back practically dry from the heat already.
He climbed the steps, surprised to find the hatch readily open, and he pulled himself up cautiously, pleased to find no barrier in place to keep him trapped in the basement. There was a faint pressure, quite possibly from an earlier spell cast on the wood, but it didn’t weaken him in any way so he ignored it.
"I want to make sure you're fine before you go back to your brother," Castiel ground out, looking to the treetops, analysing the location. It wasn't exactly where Dean had taken him before, but it was only a two-minute trek through the foliage and Castiel wasn't all that fussed about such a short journey so he didn't see the need to complain.
Castiel pushed a hand through his hair in frustration, disgusted by the boy's father and his apparent lack of care for how it could affect the kid. Even when Castiel had been that young he hadn't been drinking, and he'd spent the majority of his time waiting at a hunter's bar for the next job.
rare power for a demon to possess, and yet, here he was walking beside a boy that could not only create objects but could also teleport to wherever he wished; an ability that Castiel really hadn't thought any demon would ever be able to use.
. Perhaps it was just Dean’s human nature taking precedence in a moment like this, but the shadow didn’t feel as weighted as it usually did and it had Castiel watching its movements with intrigue, not completely understanding why it was behaving in such a way.
But anyway, he was as protected as he could be right now. He needed to stop getting so stressed about it all when he'd be able to get actual answers soon.
In terms of himself, hunting wasn't necessary. Not unless he wanted a permanent roof over his head anyway, but he was so used to the constant transfer from motel to motel that he didn't really feel comfortable with finding an apartment or something along those lines just yet, no matter how much he'd like a peaceful life. It wasn't like he had anything important to house; just a laptop and his crippled iPod, enough clothes to semi-fill a duffel bag, and a couple of old comics and books. It wasn't much, but it was all he wanted. Anything more would be a burden.
Dean scratched the side of his nose, ducking his head. Maybe he had flirted with her a little, but he'd been shut down pretty much almost immediately. At the time he'd been sorta bummed about it because Harvelle was cute and she seemed like the kind of person Dean would want to hang out with more if given the chance, but she'd sorta come across as totally uninterested. Like, in friendship or anything.
charmed, that meant if Dean asked nice enough, Cas could get rid of it. Dean would feel more comfortable with their friendship if he didn't have this stupid crush influencing his every action.
Not that he really had anything himself that he wanted to talk about. Dean usually drove the conversation which Castiel was actually rather grateful for, given how cut off from society he was he didn't really have much to offer in terms of conversational topics. Dean hadn't seemed to really pick up on that as of yet, apparently amused by the fact that Castiel didn't understand half of the shit the boy went on about. Castiel did feel somewhat out of touch because of this though, unable to actually follow most of the current events going on in the country at the moment. Of course, there wasn't much that could really impact his life outside of the hunter community so he'd never really followed world news unless it had a direct connection with an assignment. He was aware of just how ignorant that sounded, but there truly wasn't much point to him learning of the outside world. He wasn't a part of it, and he didn't care.
Castiel rolled his eyes, turning off the tap as he went to dry his hands and face on the nearby hand towel. He didn't understand why Dean was requesting such a thing when the kid could quite simply teleport through the fucking wall.
Too late. Dean was downstairs in the pitch-black basement, hidden from sight as he held his breath to slow his heart rate. There were six down here - all asleep - but given the size of the room, it gave him enough range to explore the first floor without bumping into anything.
Castiel blinked, and Dean almost immediately noticed the lack of colour in Castiel's irises; no blue, no purple. Just grey.
Like, Dean had full-on expected Cas to have peed at least once in his unconscious state, but as far as he was aware, Cas hadn’t had any accidents. It was like the angel’s body was on standby, and aside from his heartbeat and his breathing, there wasn’t anything else going on.
He headed back home immediately, appearing in the guest room where his laptop was so that he could have a quick browse through the shit he'd bookmarked. Most of the meals he'd been making for Bobby and himself recently were all pasta based, and he was pretty sure Bobby would appreciate something a little different for once.
crap, guys, i'm really sorry. my writer's block has been terrible lately and I know this chapter is short, but if i get my priorities sorted, i'll have finished writing the next chapter by monday.
“Don’t make more than a single incision. Learn to work with just one,” Castiel continued, taking the blade away from him. “No need to damage your body more than necessary.”
Castiel spent the few following minutes adjusting the mesh concealing his trap, clearing away the dead shrubbery to replace it with fresh plants and the like, making it all that bit more inconspicuous.
Castiel let out a gentle laugh, lightly touching the top of Dean's head with his fingertips as he walked past. "I'm quite alright for now, but thank you for your concern." The angel stooped to rummage through hid duffel again. "I do need to redress my wound though."
"Okie dokie then," the boy huffed in response, and Castiel was having trouble placing the child's exact location in the room without looking up. He didn't want to glance at the demon's arrogant fucking face.
feel free to complain about the quality of my writing. i know this chapter sucks and i'm rushing things ahead, but i'll do my best to improve the story - especially when i've practically written the end already.
The boy cleared his throat. "A-actually, I wanted to say thank you. For not being a dick about it. I was kinda expecting you to just tell me to fuck off."
That was before Sam was old enough to want to join in with everything Dean did. Dean didn't mind too much because it was always just nice to have some time away from hunting, and it meant he wasn't leaving Bobby to babysit alone anymore. He always enjoyed looking after Sam in such a safe environment. Being on the road just kept him so paranoid all the time, even when their dad was around to protect them.
Dean could feel the worry twist in his chest again, his head feeling light, because if Castiel was reacting in this way when he hadn’t even taken on the whole illness, then Dean dreaded to think about what would happen if he tried again.
The boy shot a look at him over its injured shoulder, its eyes almost sympathetic, and Castiel felt the sudden urge to find out
Castiel still didn't understand the sudden change of heart, putting it down to the age of the boy and his naivety. It was a trait that would lead to the child's downfall should he be so very trusting of everyone he meets. Obviously, Castiel was telling the truth, but it would have been so very simple to lie should they not have made a deal to keep their word. At least Castiel had the promise of freedom now; no longer as threatened by the equipment beside him.
That was back before he'd been encouraged to make his first kill anyway. Dean hadn't felt like a child since that moment, and he doubted he ever would again.
The boy glanced over his shoulder briefly before scouring through the cupboards to find crockery. “Eh. I think you worry too much.”
The world did that flash of colour again, making Castiel feel slightly ill and queasy, and he slumped against the wall when everything stopped, taking in a deep breath.
he was injured - that he was bleeding out - so if this was about his blood, surely they'd be a little more concerned?
It wasn’t their fault; the families that had lived in this town had been unaware of the attack. Most of them were, in the majority of cases, unless they’d been warned prior, but even then it was difficult to make them listen. Very difficult indeed.
The psychic hesitantly lay a palm on Castiel’s forehead as she sat on the arm of the couch, her shoulders relaxing ever so slightly. “Well, we’ll both find out in a minute.”
His side was throbbing as his Grace was no longer focused on the gashes, but he ignored the pain as he began to pace the circle, making himself seem bored and not at all occupied.
Castiel exhaled sharply, causing the hair in front of his eyes to flutter slightly. “Thank you for giving me another reason to be incredibly stressed about this hunt.”
That earned him a rather surprised glance from the angel before Castiel was facing forward once more, shaking his head and smirking.
And if they’d moved around America as quickly as they did, then why the fuck had there been other people in the background?
“Fuck’s sake,” Dean grumbled, rolling onto his back as he scrubbed a hand down his face, his legs slightly raised so that the comforter draped between his knees. “What time is it now?”
Dean couldn’t feel anything aside from Castiel’s physical touch, but he didn’t let the shadow explore further, holding it in the same position to keep it from straying.
going to hate you," Castiel said sternly as the demon practically seated himself in his lap, the boy's arms loosening when Castiel rubbed at his back a few more times, unsure of how he could even go about making the demon relaxed.
And for a hunter? That had to overcomplicate things. Dean didn't really understand the whole process of being assigned hunts himself, but every time he'd helped his parents with research they'd
So, it was probably something Dean would have to pry into a little later on when he and Bobby were on
Dean let his shadow tentatively reach out toward the bed as he took a step back, letting the tendrils tug at the corners of the comforter as he simultaneously collected the belongings from around the room. It had pretty much recovered since the hunt so bundling the angel up was easy. He effectively had Cas swaddled in the comforter to prevent any skin-on-skin contact, but he made sure that it wasn’t too constrictive, just in case Castiel did wake up mid-travel. He made sure he kept his shadow as steady as possible during the transport though, gently laying Cas on the couch in the living room when they arrived. They’d clearly beaten both Rufus and Bobby to the house, and it gave Dean a chance to get a little bit more prepared for Castiel to wake up.
Sam returned to the room with what looked to be a piss poor excuse of a wrap. Dean made a face and was glad his brother hadn’t grabbed him anything to eat. The hospital pudding had been enough, thank you very much.
Not soon enough Cas had three fingers in him. Dean was whining and trying his damn hardest not to buck his hips. Cas had found Dean’s prostate and was hitting it whenever it seemed to strike his fancy.
“Okay, I’ll call back at the usual time.” Dean sighed out. “Thanks, Sammy. Tell Emma I -we- love her.”
“No, I mean we were never in a relationship.” Dean clarified. “Back when Sam was in college and Dad was… I don’t know elsewhere, Crowley and I hooked up on a few jobs and in other ways.”
“Okay, but you dated some weirdos.” Dean continued with his pie filling. “Remember that one chick, Becky, who ended up trying to cut your dick off in your sleep?”
“Of course.” Cas leaned down and kissed Dean softly. The kiss only lasted about two seconds, but that seemed to be long enough melt Dean into a puddle. The nurses were going to need a fucking spoon to get him out of bed because he was a warm, golden pile of goop.
Dean cut Cas off with a kiss. He held the back of Cas’ neck close as he kissed all his thanks and love into the one kiss. With it, something solidified in his mind. It was an idea that had been around since Sam mentioned it months ago, now Dean knew what he wanted.
“I did have an entire committee to help, but yeah I really did.” They turned to Charlie who had appeared behind them.
“Come by my house tonight at six thirty. I’ll cook and then I will tear you apart so the only thing you can do is scream my name.”
“Because you and me are fucked up six ways to Sunday, and the only reason you can tolerate living with me all these years is our raging codependency.”
“Yeah?” Dean asked, moving on to the next problem. This was how most of their date nights on week days went, Cas hung out with Dean while he did school work. Normally Cas did his homework with him, but tonight the punk had said he didn’t feel like it.
Castiel hadn’t meant for those words to come out. He really hadn’t. He wasn’t even sure where those ideas came from, but there they were, hanging out in the open. They stank up the air between them. Castiel could practically see Dean’s walls slam up behind his thick rimmed glasses, it broke his heart but he was too far gone.
They split the bill, much to Cas’ dismay but Dean was no trophy wife. Cas insisted on leaving the tip, and left Jo an insane amount. Then, as they were walking towards the door, Dean was struck with a bit of courage. His hand tangled with Cas’. Their fingers woven together and their palms touching. Dean definitely didn’t smile like some dumb middle schooler holding hands with their crush- or Sam doing something nerdy.
“Well, yeah but I’ve never seen a werewolf.” Dean shrugged and sipped his beer. “They’re so cool, being normal people by day and psycho killers at the full moon.”
“The Doctor said once your IV is gone.” Sam said. His brother spoke in a way Dean knew he had no chance with signing out AMA.
“Boy, you ain’t your daddy.” Bobby had his sternest voice for when Dean was being a larger idgit than usual.
Dean laughed manically as he tackled Cas. The mob boss cried out and arched away from him, but he couldn’t go far with Dean’s legs straddling him.
Dean beat Cas to the diner because Cas drove like an old lady. He got a table and ordered two beers along with two waters. Cas joined him not too shortly and after they order began to lecture Dean on driving laws. With anyone else the talk would have been irritating, but with Cas it was like he really cared and it was just the right side of banter.
“Jack, not every parent is a good one.” Cas said softly. “You know that. Didn’t you see his soul when you raised him from hell.”
“Principle Charles is expecting you. Axel and his mom are already inside.” Sarah said while gesturing to an office at the end of the short hallway.
Sam didn’t fall asleep for a long while. His eyes only just began to droop close as the sky was preparing for the sun to rise again. The silence of the house was pleasant though, at least for one night. Sam didn’t know what the other night would bring, or if it would be his last.
“Thank you, Jack.” Bobby stepped in, his hand on the back of Dean’s neck. “You’re a good man, Dean. I think you forgot I didn’t exactly stay gone after I kicked the bucket.”
“Dean, you’re a great dad, and Emma isn’t going to change her mind about that in two weeks.” Sam said. “Besides, after this you won’t get another vacation alone for twenty years so now’s the time.”
They danced for a little while longer. After about three slow songs “Shake it Off” by Taylor Swift began to play. Dean’s green eyes lit up like a Christmas tree. Charlie had found them in an instant and was dragging Dean to the middle of the dance floor. His boyfriend was quick to snag Castiel’s hand and drag him along.
Dean drove out to a field and got out, they had been there before: an after date sexy time spot. The stars shinned brightly above alongside the moon. A warm breeze cut the spring evening chill and made the wild flowers whisper. Even Dean had to admit it was perfect.
“Dean, I…” Sam seemed to be gathering his thoughts. “I don’t want to go back to school, maybe some day I will but even then I don’t want to be half way across the country from my family. I missed so much last time I left. I missed you becoming a dad, meeting my niece, watching you fall in love. I don’t want to miss anything else.
“I found them fascinating as a child.” Cas’ smile dropped. “Then Jimmy got into some money troubles and he needed me and…well here I am.”
“I suggest a four day schedule.” Cas pulled out a honest spreadsheet, color coded and everything, out of his desk. “The first day, today, we’ll celebrate, go out for a nice dinner and some drinks. The next day, tomorrow, and the day after, we’ll get you packed up and move your belongings over to my, our place. Then the final day you will move in, and bring your daily essentials such as phone charger and toiletries.”
“Here.” Dean took Cas’ left hand and slipped the ring onto his ring finger. It was a perfect fit, Dean owed Emma a pie.
Castiel shoved off from the counter and wrapped his arms around Dean’s waist. He pressed a kiss on to Dean’s cheek. “I love our crazy life.”
“Sam, this is Caroline, one of the few sane parents at this school.” Dean introduced and Caroline smiled and waved as she sat down on the blanket she had pulled over.
“Yes, I’ll have someone look into the security cameras, get them cleared and identify the men who attacked us.”
The kiss started hard, teeth clashing together, before it smoothed out. Then fireworks exploded behind Dean’s eyelids and he didn’t think he would ever tire of kissing Cas. Feeling like a little shit, Dean gave into the need for oxygen first and pulled away. He smirked at Cas’ still fluttering eye lids. “I’ll see you tomorrow, boss.”
They get into Baby who had been sitting dutifully at the back end of the parking lot.  Dean tried to wipe off most of the blood and dirt before plopping down into his car. Cas situated himself in the passenger seat.
“I, I didn’t think we’d be up here so sorry ab, about the mess.” Dean’s face was the same shade of a fire truck.
“Shut up, bitch.” Dean grumbled. “I’m not getting involved with our boss. Not to mention the boss that stabs people in the eye.”
Dean shoved at Sam’s shoulder, urging him towards the door. The moose didn’t move. He stayed frozen in his spot looking between Cas and Dean with eyes full of astonishment.
Growing impatient, Dean began fumbling with Cas’ belt. He was able to undo the belt and clasp before shoving them down. Then Cas took over. He stepped back and shucked them off his legs along with his socks and underwear. Dean ogled the thick legs and ink that swirled around sharp hips.
“And…she’s gone.” Dean announced as Emma wiggled her way through the crowd to where her friend was on the playground.
It was supposed to be chaste but Dean chased Cas’ lips and let his hands roam into dark unruly locks. Cas slipped his tongue against the seam of Dean’s lips, but he pulled away just as Dean was opening for him. A very manly whine left Dean along with an equally manly pout.
“-becase in case it rains or there’s a wendigo suddenly on the field.” Sam finished and rolled his eyes. “I know, Dean. You’ve left me with her before.”
He walked out on to the floor to find Jerry bent at the waist so his entire upper half was in the engine of an old…Ford F150, yeah that was right. Honestly the eighty year old man shouldn’t be crawling into cars anymore, but Sam wasn’t going to be the one to tell him that. Jerry looked up to see Sam before grunting in acknowledgment and diving back in.
“No.” Cas smiled. He kissed Dean before rolling off the bed. Dean watched almost mournfully as tight, black jeans got pulled back up.
Dean’s eyes widened at the masses of skin, muscle, and tattoos that was revealed to him. His hands came out and traced the ink lines he was too horny to make out. Cas, similarly, was tracing Dean’s anti possession tattoo. He had seen it before but now the mob boss was clearly relishing in getting to touch.
If Sam didn’t come around Dean would just remind the punk who was older. They may be adults or some shit, but it didn’t mean his seniority didn’t earn him so props.
“We were not going to miss your niece’s wedding for a concert.” Mary chastised before adding with a mournful look. “Unfortunately.”
“Isn’t he already?” Emma asked. From her perspective not much would change for her. Dean hadn’t realized it.
He was going to be okay. Sam would always be home, but a person could have more than one home, rich people had dozens. Dean had deserved this, he deserved to be loved by more than one person. He deserved to be happy. Cas was his new home, he was soft kisses, steamy fucks, and warm bubbles of laughs. The mob boss was safety and love in ways Sam simply couldn’t be.
Another shot scorched his throat. Then another followed it immediately. Sam was finally feeling the effects of the alcohol in his system. It felt good. If he was being honest with himself…he wasn’t sure what he wanted anymore. Sam had always known what he wanted, he wanted to go to college. Then he wanted to go to college and become a lawyer. Then he wanted to go to Stanford, and so on. Sam always had a dream, a goal, now he was lost.
In his office, Cas was glaring out the window with his phone to his ear. He spat something in a language Dean didn’t know  before spinning on his heel for his desk that held neat stacks of papers on it. Blue eyes caught Dean’s and widened almost comically. Cas quickly dismissed the person on the phone.
“I’ll have someone retrieve it.” Cas promised. He checked his phone and sighed. “I hate to leave, but I really need to get to the office.”
Something slammed on the table and Castiel jumped, nearly falling out of his chair. He grabbed at the table to steady himself and his feet hit the floor. Looking up he met Dean’s green eyes. The origin of the noise that startled Castiel was Dean’s backpack hitting the table.
“No Dean, you’ve been hurt way more than usual this month. Each one was because of him.” Sam’s face was beet red and his grip on Dean’s waist was borderline painful. “You don’t do it on purpose, but it’s true. Dean’s got a big enough target on his back, he doesn’t need yours too. Until things settle down, I suggest you keep your distance.”
Wanting to keep it simple, Dean began boiling water and shredding some cheese. Mac & Cheese had been a staple growing up. Of course, back then it had been the instant stuff that came in a box for a dollar mixed with whatever was on sale like marshmallow fluff or hot sauce. Now it was actual noodles, and not even the off brand stuff either. Now it was actual blocks of cheese that he shredded because it tasted that much better.
“No, Charlie, it’s not – look, I mean, he does look good, but it’s not that.” Dean took a breath, then huffed it out. “It’s just… It’s like this guy actually cares.”
“Here. They’re called Mala beads.” Castiel held out a hand for the beads, and Dean passed them over. Carefully, Castiel took the beads and wrapped them around the wrist of his good hand – the string stretched slightly, so that once twisted over his arm they settled comfortably around his wrist like a bracelet, a perfect match to Castiel’s. "They're designed as prayer beads, but you can use them to help you focus and fight the panic. Counting seems to help you.'
“Hush, Dean, unless you want to give us away.” Cas groaned in his ear, his grip on the man’s ass tightening until it was almost painful.
As his hand started moving faster over his already dripping cock, he remembered the feel of Cas’ hard erection pressing into his thigh, the way the angel had rutted against him. Unbidden, his hand released his balls and moved downwards, backward, gently circling around his hole, bringing a gasp.
“I don’t-“ Dean started, but cut off with a moan as Cas sucked a dark bruise into that spot on his neck. “Okay. Sure, yeah. Totally my fault.”
Everyone nodded silently, and Dean was slightly surprised to see flashes of admiration in Bobby and Sam’s faces. He cast his eyes down, feeling like he didn’t deserve it. He hadn’t been able to keep Cas safe in the first place, after all, and the fear of what he would find was forefront in his mind.
Okay, so that explained the book. Dean smiled slightly, his fingers running over the pages. Castiel was still trying to help him. But then he remembered the envelope. He picked it up and turned it over, about to open it, when Sam’s hand covered his. He looked up, frowning slightly at Sam, who did not look happy at all.
“I guess… Calmer. Better.” He glanced at Castiel to see one eyebrow raised in disbelief. He cleared his throat and answered again, more confident. “Better. I’m confused and embarrassed but, I do feel better than… Than before.”
He turned to face the others, holding Castiel in his arms bridal-style. The man’s head rested limply against his chest, one arm hanging down. His other arm curled over his chest, which was a good position to keep the shirt over his wound.
“I’m exhausted from all the emotions today. I can’t even imagine how you feel.” He spoke gently into Dean’s shoulder, carding his fingers through his hair. “Why don’t we go to bed and take a nap? We can talk later.”
Sam’s voice brought him crashing back into reality, and he tried to think of something to reply that wouldn’t give away the present situation, seeing as how Cas
”I’m sure I gave you your fair share, man, don’t worry ‘bout it.” Dean chuckled once he calmed down.
“Talk?!” Dean swung around, tears stinging his eyes as a deep anger reared up to replace that pain in his chest. “What exactly do you want to ‘talk’ about, Cas?! How you left me when I needed you most?! How you lied to me when you told me I wasn’t alone?! How you ignored every one of my calls and texts begging you to just tell me why, tell me what I did wrong?! Come on, Cas, tell me, cause I’m drawing a blank here. What exactly do you want to ‘talk’ about?”
The grip on his cock tightened painfully again, stroking him maddeningly slow, stretching the skin painfully as he realised he hadn’t actually replied.
It was wrong, so wrong, to be doing this here, in the same room with the others but somehow Dean found himself losing a mental battle that he never really started. Somewhere along the time his protest to Cas’ closeness had died - whether it had started that first time, or later on, he didn’t know. All he knew right now was the heat working itself over his skin as Cas’ hand gripped him and started to work his cock in long, slow movements.
Castiel’s lips turned down slightly in a worried frown. It was then that Dean realised there was wetness on his cheeks. Damn it, he’d been crying again, and hadn’t noticed. He hadn’t noticed the tightness in his chest, either, or his breathing, which had become erratic. He’d started to freak out again while he was checking his own work, expecting to find a mistake, and hadn’t even noticed.
“Yeah, well, not going to a hospital. Thanks, Sammy.” Dean made to get off the bed, then stopped. Sam was just staring at him with a soft smile. “What?”
Cas crossed the room and gently took the remote away from him. “We both know that would be much harder for you than any discussion we could ever have.”
Dean looked at his cast. Written in sharpie were was Cas + Dean = and a big heart was drawn to encircle the words.
“Yeah, turned out to be some guys the Angels stole business from.” Dean shrugged. “They were from the Knights of Hell mob in the next territory.”
And with that Dean was stalking off towards his next class leaving behind a Castiel who’s feet were barley touching the ground. Meg and Balthazar were giving him questioning looks as he walked up to them.
“Oh, here.” Dean handed Castiel a flower, it was a pink carnation. He then tucked it into Castiel’s breast pocket. Castiel was frozen, then Dean looked at him and he was thawed out with those apple green eyes.
Sam changed into sweats and a t shirt. He laid down and was prepared for a long night. One thing was grateful for was the thick walls and doors of the home. The last thing he wanted was the have to listen to whatever was going on in his brother’s bedroom.
Then the red head was stomping off, muttering about how this was why she didn’t date boys. Castiel stood in the middle of the crowded halls dumbly clutching the over sized tickets.
Cas was sitting ever polished at his desk while he flipped through papers and tapped at his computer. He glanced up at Dean, before returning his gaze to his work.
Castiel chose a spot kind of out of the way, but also within view of the front door so Dean wouldn’t have any problem spotting him. He plopped down in the chair facing the door and set his messenger bag on the table. Castiel took out his Physics textbook and his homework he hadn’t bothered to start with the twenty minutes their teacher had given them at the end of class.
An arm swung out at his stomach and knocked the wind out of Dean. Shoving back hard, the man -let’s call him Beefy- aimed an elbow for the side of Dean’s head. Dodging backward, Dean reached for his gun only to find it absent. He hadn’t put it back after striping last night. Fuck.
Sam went upstairs to shower, something of his after work routine. Dean had complained that his brother didn’t need to shower because he had just sat in an office all day. Sam had muttered about how at least he showered unlike his brother.
“You’re such a dork.” Dean kissed Cas’ cheek. “Hey, the gross hotdog line is down. Let’s get some food, see if we can get the munchkin to eat something.”
“Yeah, but we all came out okay, so don’t hurt yourself thinking too hard on the what if’s .” Dean said maybe more to himself than Sam.
“I may as well stay too and get to know the famous Mary Winchester.” Bobby said. He patted Dean back warmly. “You stop by real soon, son. You hear?”
“Come here.” Gabriel’s smirk softened and he entered the room. Castiel eyed his brother as Gabriel picked up the tie and looped it around Castiel’s neck. “What’s with the tux?”
Looking around, it looked the same since the first night he had spent in it. Sam hated the air mattress with a burning passion. The damn thing creaked every time he moved, his feet stuck out, and it always gave him a knot in the middle of his back. That being said, Sam would rather sleep in then the most comfortable motel bed.
“No, just…” Dean seemed to be gathering his words. “Like if someone what have told you ten years ago that this would be your life would you believe them?”
Working for the Angels and wasn’t actually too bad. Their boss was a major tool who kind of hated Dean’s guts. Really Dean just loved to push Cas’ buttons and see what reactions he could get. It was really fun. His favorite was when Cas’ jaw would set and his dom brow would pop up. Dean’s mouth salivated at just the image.
Sam and Dean pulled up the house. It was in the middle of fucking suburbia, so it had taken them an extra thirty minutes to reach their destination. Screw the Bat Cave if Dean had a secret hideout it would be in the middle of a cookie cutter neighborhood in the suburbs. No offense Bruce.
There was a respectable distance between them that would make a 1950s nun nod in approval. Dean grumbled, and shifted back until his back touched Cas’ side. He kicked a leg out, making contact with a shin, before working it between Cas’ legs. He smiled when he realized Cas was still wearing his suit pants and dress shirt. What a dork.
“Well, I wasn’t acing it like I am now thanks to your help.” Castiel forced himself to keep Dean’s gaze. “I was trying to ask you out because I really like you, but I ended up with a tutor instead.”
“I don’t know, literally anything else.” There was a short silence before Dean continued. “Interesting weather we’re having.”
They laid there for a long few moments, kissing on the ground with the stars dancing above them. Dean couldn’t help the feeling of simply right settling in his chest. It felt right.
It took everything in Dean power, but he managed to control himself while his boyfriend lowered himself on to Dean’s dick.
Dean pulled away and smirked. His pupils were lust blown and his lips were already spit slicked and swollen. He looked absolutely gorgeous. With a cheesy wink Dean scampered over the seat to the back. Castiel tumbled after him, his elbow landed in Dean’s ribs forcing an unsexy groan from his boyfriend.
“Since it slipped your mind, I’ll remind you. I was the one who helped you take over after you killed Naomi, hell I was helping you before that with the altering orders down the pecking order and getting the other’s favor.”  Duma let out a humorless chuckle. “And as payment you hinder the Angels. You’re soft, Castiel, with your charity work and the business meetings. We need to be destroying our enemies, not  giving them platitudes and shoving them back to regroup.”
Cas gagged at the thought. Then they continued walking back to their vehicles in a nice silence. Dean was throwing his bag in the back of the impala. He felt Cas lingering awkwardly which wasn’t unusual but the hunter seemed to have something on his mind.
The hours passed and Sam finally shoved Dean out of the house around six and told him to be early. Deciding he didn’t care if he was a little early, Dean made his way to Cas’ house.
The words left Dean’s mouth before he could stop himself. Sam’s eyebrows shot skyward. Out of the corner of his eye he could see Cas look at him in disbelief. Dean felt his face heat up. Nope. No fucking way. “We’re going to the hospital, and we’re never talking about this again.”
Dean finished putting the pots and pans into their new home in the cabinet next to the oven. Who the hell put that stuff on a top shelf? Satan, that was who.
“I wanted to cook you a meal.” The words almost sounded like a whine and Dean couldn’t help the light chuckle.
He heard Cas grumble, but decided to clean up his mess instead of try to hear what his boyfriend said about his lack of cooking skills.
Dean leaned against his too tall brother and they began walking to what Dean could only assume was the car Sam had stolen to get to him. How did Sam know to come? Dean pushed the question aside for now. Cas went to follow but Sam whirled around and practically snarled at him.
“Yeah, this shindig is always huge.” Dean grouched. “The school gets a lot of money for this crap and the PTA goes all out.”
Inside the Roadhouse had just the right amount of people. It being a weekday assured that it was relatively quiet, but it wasn’t so quiet that it would be awkward. Dean tugged Cas by the hand to the back booth. It was a little sticky and stinky but it was where Dean felt comfortable. He only hoped Cas wasn’t grossed out by the stains on the table or the unknown substances on the floor.
Damn, and Dean thought he had been doing such a good job hiding his nerves. “Yeah, babe, I’m alright. I just…” Dean searched himself a lie and found the truth instead. “I’m just waiting for the other shoe to drop.”
“Uh...” Sam cleared his throat and messed with the cards. “Not really, no. Dean never really tried at school. He was too busy helping our Dad...or helping me.”
“We sit here, eat a crappy hot dog and some potato chips, wait for her to tire herself out and then we go home.” Dean eyed the still too long line to the food table.
Sam shakes his head with a chuckle and Dean rolls his eyes. Whatever, so he’s starting to get a little into the whole wedding thing, sue him. It’s not like he ever thought he’d get to have this. Besides, Cas deserves the absolute best, and Dean’s dead set on giving it to him.
Sam continues the thought. “Normally ghosts are spirits who refuse to go with the reapers to their final destination because of unfinished business.”
There wasn’t even time to say anything back. He can’t begin to guess what he would have even said to all that but Cas deserved to hear
,” Sam counters loudly. “Thirty-seven seconds, Dean, you once stared at each other not blinking or talking for
Dean sighs. “Fine, but you should be the one to do it, if I were him I wouldn’t answer my prayers if I was the last human on earth again.”
Julie shakes her head sceptically, but promises to think about it. Trevor returns about 15 minutes later, without Carrie, and talks to the band. Well, ‘talking’ is generous; there’s shouting, and crying, and insults, and apologies, and about 30 years-worth of baggage to slog through. But eventually, a resolution is reached, and Trevor hugs his estranged band mates. They get in a (friendlier) disagreement about interpretation of “Crooked Teeth”, which leads to an impromptu rehearsal/jam session between Sunset Curve and Julie and the Phantoms. Sam and Dean were a bit checked out for some of it, trying to make sense of the case, but suddenly the ghost musicians start
“Then I don’t come back.” Everyone in the room watching this happen, the family he’s built over decades of life, they all stop in shock. He looks Jack in the eye to avoid the stares from his loved ones. He knows this is desperate, alarming even, but he’s watched everyone else move on the past two weeks and the hole in his heart has only grown with time as he processes just how much he’s actually lost.
“I’m sorry, I misspoke,” Jack replies with infuriating calm. “I meant that if I came down here just to tell you he was out of the Empty, you would have demanded to see him—”
“Yes, yes,” the reaper cuts him off. “We’ve all been thoroughly briefed on what to do with you when it’s time. Nepotism, it never ends well. Personally I think Billie should have tossed you in the Empty and thrown away the key.”
The morning effectively turns into a send-off for the Winchesters and for Rose, whose responsibilities will call her elsewhere. The boys too are taking a step back from the band, confident Julie can hold her own without them though they’ll still be dropping in from time to time. He pulls Alex aside while Willie and Sam are answering Carlos’s many questions.
“He’s uhh… he’s needed in Heaven for the time being. It’s gonna take us a bit to be on the same mortal plane again.”
, holy crap are they literally made of platinum? “Seriously?! Well damn, Dean, is there anyone in this band you
“Fuck if I know.” Dean directs his attention back to the call. “Look, I think at this point it’s pretty clear there’s something more going on here, so we’re gonna have to go back to the drawing board on this one. Sam and I are gonna fill this back in and then we’ll be over. Julie, now might be a good time to clue your dad in.”
After wrestling practice, Dean and his friend Julien walk down to the gas station the high schoolers frequent when they’re cutting (not much else to do in a town this small). The clerk rolls her eyes at their antics but hands Julien a pack of cigarettes and wishes them a nice day. Julien’s only one grade and one weight class above him, and they get along a little too well for most of their teachers’ liking. He’s also kind of a band geek with his oboe case dangling from his hand, but he helps Dean practice the guitar skills he picked up during his stint in reform school, so he’s the coolest of the band geeks.
, you can and should chase it all the way up the chain until you defeat God himself if you have to in order to make the world at least a little less shitty, but that doesn’t change the fact we all gotta go eventually.”
“Please don’t swear by me,” Jack interjects either in an attempt at humor or because he doesn’t get the expression. Dean snorts bitterly at the path his life has taken. If not even Jack can save him… “Look I can’t bring him here; the Empty was very eager to keep him specifically until the end of time. And even if it could be reasoned with, we just got the universe back in balance. Cas wouldn’t want us tinkering with that to save him.”
“We no longer have the luxury of being resurrected, so I vow instead to spend every day of the rest of my mortal life convincing you that you are worthy of receiving in return the love you have poured into this universe. I vow to stay alongside you through whatever this or any world has in store for us next, to grow and change with you, to share my joys and my sorrows with you, to show you the same immeasurable compassion and faith you have shown me, even when it was unwarranted. I love you, as I have done since I first had the capacity to love. And if you’ll have me, I will continue to love you until the last star has been extinguished and we cease to exist.”
Rose takes her daughter’s hands in her own. “Julie, listen to me. You have been so brave the past year and I am beyond proud of you. But you don’t need to carry the weight of the world on your shoulders. No kid should have to bear this.” Dean pointedly avoids looking at Sam. “We’ll be fine, but all of this will be for nothing if something happens to you.”
He gapes before conceding with raise of his eyebrows. “Touché.” Dean tilts his head towards the door. “You ready to get back in there?”
Julie is joined quickly at the door by a silver fox Dean presumes to be her dad, who puts his hands around her shoulders protectively. “Is there a problem, officers?”
“Yeah, yeah,” he responds, shimmying carefully down the ladder while Alex apparently just poofs down. Show-off. “What’d I miss?”
“Does that mean he doesn’t have to flambé my body?” a familiar voice cries out over the speaker, “because I think maybe it should just stay in the ground where it is.”
Dean glares at him. “I know you’re joking but Trevor Wilson actually moved on to acting after his solo career died out.”
Dean sighs deeply. “No, Sam, I am not a threat to myself or others, you can take your hand off the panic button.”
“Oh,” Cas finally replies, smiling softly at Dean when he opens his eyes. “That makes sense.” He turns to Charlie with a clearing of his throat. “Let’s go with Kline for now.”
The pen moves which has him reaching instinctively for a weapon, but he left all of those down on the ground and he reminds himself that Alex isn’t a threat…yet.
Cas and Sam embrace while Dean wills his brain to come back online. This is really happening. Cas is back.
Julie is now in a full-on panic, and Sam puts his hands out placatingly. “Julie, it’s okay, we don’t want to hurt them, and they’re not in trouble. We just want to know what’s going on.”
The reaper sighs deeply then replies in a monotone that suggests they’ve explained this far too many times before. “It’s a colloquialism. They’re called mome raths because when they enter the ghost-demon phase they kind of resemble raths that got lost and are cranky about it.” The reaper takes their baffled silence as the end of their line of questioning, not the frazzled beginning. “Is that all? Cool. Forget my name, please. Byeee!” Just as quickly as they appeared, they’re gone.
“Hey, can I talk to him?” Dean stills, and before he knows it, a long-forgotten voice is in his ear, evidently off-speaker. “Hey, Dean.”
Alex looked at him in confusion, although possibly distracted by the many points where their sides were touching. “What do you mean?”
“Yeah,” he breathes before diving in with abandon. Dean loses all sense of time and space kissing him, completely wrapped up in the tidal wave of fear and longing crashing over him. Since he’s otherwise preoccupied, he registers too late the presence of the worst possible person to find them.
Reggie nods adamantly. “I kinda wish we got like a reaper orientation instead of just having the knowledge directly implanted into our incorporeal skulls. Talk about whiplash.”
“I know, just one more cemetery and then we should be good for this first round. We can always come back later if we miss anyone.”
One would expect that after reconstituting the man atom by atom, Castiel had a pretty firm grasp on how to understand him, but he found himself constantly confused by Dean’s mannerisms and references and customs, things he seemed to just expect Castiel to understand. It serves to emphasize just how different they are, and it is the fundamental cosmic difference between them of which Castiel has to keep reminding himself to avoid irrevocably dooming himself to an eternity of reaching for something he can’t have. Unfortunately, he has a growing suspicion that it is already too late; perhaps that’s why they call it ‘falling in love’.
“Okay, great,” Sam announces, in strategy mode. “So while the boys work on that, I believe you said your old band mate recognized you all at the concert?”
The reaper doesn’t seem to think this is particularly new information. “Yeah,” they confirm condescendingly. “They travel the wabe backwards. When they die they go straight to the Empty, then if summoned they become ghost-demons of a sort. If they die that way they get reaped like normal but if they finish their business then when they die they become reapers.”
“Whoa, tell me how you really feel, dude. And I’ll have you know at least 20% of that is now alcohol, so know your facts.”
“Alright, alright, everyone put your pants back on. This here is our son Jack. Jack, I’m pretty sure you know everyone already given your… position.”
“She’s a great kid,” Dean begins, watching Julie laugh with Flynn. He’s pleased to notice their hands are intertwined.
is, you’re my brother and I love you and that’s not gonna change, especially since again, I’ve known since the first time you watched
Angela picked up the story. “That’s what you get for eating alley dogs I guess. It was actually a pretty big deal, like 6 people died; they passed a bunch of food truck health code laws because of it… I think the poor guy might still be in jail.”
“Yeah well Cas is a self-deprecating asshole and I’ll be damned if he spends eternity thinking I…” Dean trails off, unsure exactly how to say what he needs to say, which he should probably figure out before he tries saying it to Cas himself. But he deserves to hear it first. “He has to know.”
“This is what happened after the Orpheum,” Reggie realizes with excitement. “Do you think we did it?”
Dean knocks the pen out of his ghost hand. “Shut up—you died, became some undead spirit thing, and still managed to find a boyfriend?”
Sam shifts in his seat to face him fully. “Why not?” Dean scoffs. “No seriously, now’s your chance, tell me what you need from me, because I don’t know how much clearer I can make it that I literally do not care that you’re bi, nor do I care that you’re so obviously in love with Cas.”
. Well, maybe except for the part where he asks Cas to kill him if he completely loses it due to the Mark, but to be fair, for them that is normal. It’s a brief moment of peace in the raging shitstorm of their lives and it gives him a glimpse into a life they maybe could have had.
While Rose has him distracted, Dean extracts himself from the table and sticks him with the demon blade at the nod of her head. He screams and disappears in a flash, only to draw the reapers’ attention moments later. “Perfect, which means I get to drag you to Hell now. Say goodnight, Caleb.” She grabs his ghostly shoulder and disappears them both, Caleb’s invisible screams echoing after him. The boys rush over to Julie and Willie while Dean checks in with Sam. The girl and her ghosts are locked in a group hug when the brothers approach.
Trevor and Julie seem equally alarmed by this development, though Dean can’t guess why. Before either of them can react, a girl Julie’s age walks in and startles to see so many people in her home.
“Your brother let us in,” he says in stilted formality, communicating the ruse. “My partner and I would like to follow up with you on some of those questions from yesterday.”
“What happened to the two of you is fucked. You both deserve so much more than what Chuck dealt you, and I’m sorry you have to go through this. But Cas would want you to be happy, with or without him, so if you do find someone else eventually, please promise me you’ll at least try not to push away a good thing?”
“You didn’t want to rub it in my face because you figured I was two-seconds from going nuclear at any given moment?”
Sam looks at her apologetically, a sentiment Dean echoes; there’s a reason the story of their lives is hundreds of novels long. “Our son, long story.”
“I was intrigued so I tried to get more information about it, but the more I learned, the shadier it seemed. I eventually decided it wasn’t for me, and by that point I had already met Ray so I more or less forgot about the whole thing until all this happened.
The reaper looks around in confusion then points to the boys. “What, these three? They’re mome raths.”
“What’s the plan? I’m thinking we should start with Jack. He brought him back last time, and that was before he was God.”
Dean almost feels bad with how nervous Julie’s getting, though she’s bravely trying to seem calm. This would be so much easier if they could all drop the pretense that none of them know about ghosts. “We… rehearse in the same studio. Our sounds complement each other so we decided to work together.”
“Yeah. Me either.” Dean forgets sometimes that his little brother is also getting up there, but right now Sam definitely looks his age. “You think you’ll stay at the bunker?”
“I know we’ve only been upfront with each other about all this for like three months tops, but when you told me you loved me, I realized we’ve basically been together this whole time. You’re already the person I miss most when you’re not in the room, you already make me feel loved and supported and valued and safe, you already call me on my shit and push me to be better, you’re already someone I’d go to Hell and back—again—to save, you’ve already given me so much of your life for so little in return. And for too long I let you think you were alone in this, but you’re not, and you never have been. I have loved you for a solid decade, even if I couldn’t let myself call it that. But I vow, in front of all these people, out loud and proud, that I will continue to love you the way you deserve.
All the pieces are in place for them to confront Caleb as the Winchesters drop by to pick up Julie early the next morning. Sam and Dean give her a crash course in the weapons she may need and how to do the spell Sam and Rose worked out in the (hopefully unlikely) event both Sam and Dean are incapacitated. It feels like a tighter fit than it is with three humans and four spirits piled into Baby, but they make do. The boys direct them to the Hollywood Ghost Club, the hotel staff reluctantly letting Dean and Sam through with Julie after flashing their badges. “Wow,” Dean whistles as they descend the staircase. “For an abandoned ballroom this is pretty swanky.”
Julie looks at the brothers in bewilderment. “Well, I guess that explains why he was acting so weird! Are you saying some creepy ghost was hitting on me? Because I might need a shower after that.”
“How foolish of me.” Cas leans up to kiss his cheek before returning his head to Dean’s shoulder and settling into his embrace. For the first time in a long time, Dean sleeps soundly.
“Oh, hey!” she calls, startled into action. She jumps up from the couch as the boy shoots daggers at him with his eyes.
been paying attention, you know. I apologize for all the sneaking around, but I think once you hear my story you’ll understand why I had to.” Everyone gathers around, Rose taking a moment to greet Flynn and Trevor and shooting a grin to the boys. When everyone’s settled in, she takes a deep breath and begins.
“Oh, right,” Jack remembers as Sam hugs him tightly. “That was the plan, but it’s recently been explained to me that there’s a difference between meddling in Earth affairs and visiting your uniquely interspecies family.”
“Now Willie,” Caleb croons. “I can make everything go back to normal for you, okay? All you have to do is destroy Alex.”
“Oh, right,” Sam responds sadly. He pats Dean on the shoulder. “You’ll figure it out. If anyone can figure it out, it’s you guys.”
he’s squandered exhausts him. “Yeah, well, I am about to become a card-carrying, registered bisexual, so I think I’m entitled to look a little… y’know.”
“No, uhh… thank you for telling me.” He settled up his tab and went back to the motel, unsure what he was feeling but knowing he didn’t like it.
“Hmm…” Sam comments when no ghosts appear. “Maybe they still need to be summoned by music to manifest.”
“Cas?” He calls into the Empty. “Cas!” Nothing happens. A lot of nothing. He closes his eyes and prays. “Castiel,” he murmurs. “I know this is a long shot but if you can hear me, I’m in the Empty and I’m here to bust you out. I don’t know how but I will find you, I promise. I just need you to wake up and tell me where you are, man.”
Dean looks around with unease. “What I wanna know is, how’d she get in and out of here without anyone noticing?”
“Yeah well guess what Sammy, I didn’t have it easy with him either. What, you think our relationship was all sunshine and rainbows? He was just as hard on me as he was on you!”
And that, the possibility that Dean needs Castiel as much as Cas needs Dean? That is why Cas couldn’t kill him no matter how hard Naomi tried.
“Thank you!” Back on the upper level, Caleb sits casually at a table, rising slowly. “You’re a little late for your audition, boys.”
“Fuck.” Sam settles back in his chair in shock. Dean hates how this solidifies for him that it really is as bad as he thought, that he didn’t just make this up and Cas is just off doing something else. The man he loves is dead because of him, again, and this time he’s staying that way. “Did you say it back?”
Dean nods without taking his eyes off the road. Finally, he remembers his earlier promise to himself. “Love you too, bitch.”
She takes a deep breath and releases it. “Yeah…” She blinks back her tears, looking up. “I just wish this was easier.”
Alex pulls aside a patch of clear air and kisses it goodbye, earning quite a reception from the others. “Aww,” Luke teases when Alex turns back to the group. “Alex and Willie’s first kiss!”
that to come off as a joke about his lack of a date but the way the boy’s eyes went wide and the look his bandmates shot each other told him it had a different effect. “Oh,” the boy giggled shyly. “Yeah, me too probably.”
“Besides,” Dean chimes in. “Sam and I are much better equipped to come back from the dead than you are.”
“Charcoal with an Oxford blue waistcoat. Come to think of it, they actually complement each other quite nicely.”
“Well we’ve already tried salt, iron, silver, holy water… hell I even dumped some borax on them just to be on the safe side.”
Castiel was staring at the man crying out beneath him with awe, amazed at the sounds and reactions he drew from the man. His fingers were fucking into him hard, scissoring and twisting to open him up for Castiel. At the sound of Dean’s babbled pleas, he couldn’t wait any longer. As he continued to stretch Dean, he used the other hand to pull his sleep pants down far enough to free his aching, leaking cock. He groaned as he wrapped his fingers around it, tugging a few times. God he was not going to last long. Dean whimpered beneath him, hips angling to try and get his fingers on that magic spot again.
“Jesus.. Cas... I-if you don’t... don’t slow down.” Dean gritted out, the words punctuated by needy, desperate moans. “I’m not gonna... last long..”
“Morning Charlie.” Dean grumbled, not answering the question as he sipped at the coffee and gave a contented sigh. “Starting soon?”
Cas grinned as he heard Dean gasp softly, rolling the little bud between his fingers before he pinched it again. He freed his other hand and snaked it around to Dean’s back, slipping inside the band of his boxers to grip Dean’s ass posessively. His nails dug into the soft skin, punching a drawn out moan from Dean’s lips.
Dean moved his fingers slightly, feeling the soft material underneath them, the firm shape of a human body underneath that. More than that, he could feel the rise and fall of Castiel’s chest as he took slow, deep breaths. The man seemed to be helping him, trying to calm him down, even if Dean still couldn’t fathom why he would bother. The thought must have shown in his demeanour somehow though, because Castiel was speaking again, breaking through his thoughts.
Castiel rocked back in his chair, shocked by the outburst. He didn’t move as Dean stormed up the hall, until he heard the bathroom door slam. His head dropped into his hands as he leant forward on the table, wondering where it had all gone wrong. Everything had been fine this morning - was he angry at Uriel? At the Police? At the way Castiel himself had reacted?
He shook his head with a grimace and downed the rest of his beer, then cracked another one straight away. Sam would kill him if he saw him drinking like this, he thought. He’d managed to stop Dean from becoming a raging alcoholic so far, but here he was, drinking alone to forget about everything.
Dean reached over and grabbed his satchel from the coffee table. He rifled through the contents for the book – then frowned slightly, and went through it more carefully. After a minute he started pulling everything out, placing things on the table. His laptop, his headphones, iPod and notebook for the course were in there, along with the hand outs that Castiel had given over the week. But the little notebook was nowhere. He rifled through the contents several times, hoping – but it wasn’t there.
“I imagine it would have been. It’s been a long time since you drove that car of yours.” Missouri smiled at him. “Now, why don’t you tell me what happened today? I know when you’re stalling.”
A hand clapped over his mouth, muffling the name he screamed as his orgasm took him violently, rushing over him in waves of pure ecstasy as he pumped once, twice, three times into Castiel’s sinful mouth, emptying his seed down the angel’s throat.
Claire had gone from quietly happy when she waked into the house, to squealing surprise in a matter of seconds once she had caught sight of the decorations. She’d thrown her arms around Castiel, repeating ‘Thank you daddy’ several times, her face lit with joy. When Castiel told her that Dean had done most of it, she’d eyed him warily for a few moments before thanking him several times, too.
“We’ve talked about that.” Dean answered, landing a kiss on his temple. “Us four will sit together, Sam and I will be your ‘friends’. Gabe didn’t tell him who would be here, so he’ll only be expecting to see one person, which is Gabe himself. Benny is gonna sit at a different table, with Jo-“
Dean smiled slightly at the answer. The realisation that Castiel had enough foresight to plan things in advance put him at ease, and he relaxed again. Eventually though, he had to extract himself from the bed, which he found much easier the second time around, and visit the bathroom.
No. Not missing. He was just late. Dean was sure, as he hit the button and watched the elevator doors close, that he was going to find Cas safe and sound in one piece, probably talking to a stray dog or some shit. Yeah, that had to be it. Somehow, as hard as he tried to convince himself, it still didn’t ease the worry in his gut.
The words were feeding his libido now, bringing a suppressed whine of desire as he struggled to keep still, as ordered. He could feel his orgasm getting closer, tremors up and down his spine, heat coiling in his abdomen like a spring that could snap at any given moment.
“No it’s – he didn’t do anything…” Dean trailed off, grimacing as Charlie shot him a disbelieving look. “Fine, yeah, something happened. I don’t really wanna talk about it.”
“I still don’t understand.” Jack commented, confusion on his face. “This Professor Snape, is he good or bad?”
Castiel seemed to be struggling with something himself, his eyes flitting over Dean’s face for several moments. Eventually, though, he moved back – and Dean let out a breath he didn’t realise he was holding. He wasn’t sure whether to feel relieved or disappointed at the space, but he didn’t have much time to ponder that as Castiel seemed to collect himself and started speaking again.
Dean huffed out a breath, relishing that this wasn’t going to be total lust driven, maddened sex. There was a conversation to be had, first. He forced himself to calm down, head dropping back on the pillow, his fingers tracing idle patterns over the angel’s back.
“Yeah, I can understand that.” Bobby huffed, though his face fell slightly. “That’s ‘cause his daddy threw me outta his life when he was fourteen.”
Dean whimpered at the command, trying to keep his hips still - then his back arched off the floor, crying out in surprise as Castiel’s mouth was on him, enveloping three quarters of his cock in a delicious heat. Castiel hummed, laving his tongue against the underside of his cock, and it sent Dean’s eyes rolling back. His hands tightened, pulling at Castiel’s hair roughly in a way that had him groaning around his cock.
The blanket was doing a fantastic job of hiding Cas’ movements, even when he lowered the zip on Dean’s pants and slowly, carefully slipped a hand inside. Dean found himself losing all reason, the arm around Cas’ shoulders trying to pull the angel closer as soft skin trailed over his now fully hard cock, sending shivers through his body and heat up his spine.
Bobby stood and, with a nod to Officer Harvelle, the two made their way out of the apartment. That left Sam and Dean alone, shifting awkwardly on the couch, neither really knowing what to say. Dean stared at his hands, feeling his mood drop impossibly low. Eventually, Sam sighed, breaking the silence.
“You and I have talked a bit, boy, and I get it. I understand what you’re goin’ through, and how hard it might be. But the point I stop understanding is when you hurt my son. So, I’m gonna ask you again; at what point do you grow some balls?”
Heads up, there won't be an update this weekend. I need some time to regroup and get ahead so I don't miss my own deadline again, so I'm going to skip this weekend and prepare more time for a great update next weekend. We'll be back onto weekly updates before you know it!
Castiel blinked in shock, about to defend himself and tell the man that no, he wasn’t drunk, he had been working - then anger seeped through, along with the realisation of what the man had said about staying awhile. He knew it was irrational, but exhaustion made his temper flare, and before he knew it he was standing straighter and glowering at the man, eyes shining dangerously.
Dean instructed, moving his attention to the way Cas held the pool stick in his right hand. He couldn’t help noticing the way the veins on Cas’ hand stood out when he tightened his grip. He drew their hands back until he knew Cas would get a decent amount of power in his shot, then gently let go of the other’s hand.
“Your brother still doesn’t want me around.” It wasn’t a question, and Dean hated the sadness he could see on Castiel’s face. “I hope he can forgive me one day, but I also completely understand his feelings on the matter. He’s just trying to protect you.”
Once he got free, he picked up a box that had been sitting on the table before he was attacked, and opened it to reveal several eclairs. Gabriel’s face lit up as he took one from the box and stared at it with awe before taking a ridiculously large mouth full.
Castiel blinked owlishly at him for a few moments before he seemed to catch on to what Dean was trying to do, and he gave him a watery smile as he reached out and shook Dean’s hand.
Dean froze in his arms, obviously realising what he had just said. But Cas didn’t give him a moment to think about it, pressing a soft kiss between his shoulder blades as he smiled.
They finally broke for air, and Castiel rested his forehead against Dean’s, trying to catch his breath. His head was spinning, but he had a feeling that had nothing to do with lack of air.
The silence was deafening. The three men just stared at the stranger in surprise, though the weapons were never lowered. Bobby glanced over at Dean and, with a gesture of his head, Dean watched him close the door and lock it again. The stranger glanced back fearfully at the door, then once more to Dean.
His breath hitched when their fingertips brushed, and as he pulled half of the blanket over himself, he glanced up straight into the angel’s eyes and - oh, damn, he had that mischievous glint again, and one look sent heat curling straight up his spine.
Finally, after a lot of reaching and a lot of grumbled protests from Dean, his fingers brushed the phone. He managed to get hold of it and answered just in time, not looking at the number.
“Oh, Dean.” Castiel breathed when Dean had finally stopped talking and fallen silent. “Dean, there was nothing you could have done. You saved Claire, Dean. That is exactly what she begged you to do, and you did it. You can’t hold yourself responsible for her death.”
“Ms Moseley. But you can call me Missouri.” The woman answered the unspoken question as she stepped into the room, giving him a gentle smile. “I’ll need to talk to Dean alone, so you two can wait outside if you like. I’ll let you know when we’re done.”
At home, he made dinner again for himself and Sam. He decided to grill some sausages, and served it up with mashed potato, gravy, and even fresh vegetables. Sam had given him an odd look, but didn’t comment much aside from carefully mentioning that it was nice to see him in a good mood. Dean just grimaced, and told him to shut up and eat his dinner.
“Yes. It helps organise my day, and it makes me feel safe, I suppose.” Cas replied, leaning back in the chair so that Gabriel could see the list better.
Six months… that meant even if he was to go back to his normal work, Castiel would still be around. Maybe not quite as available, but still here. That knowledge sent warmth through his chest, even though he was still worried that once their day-to-day contact ended, so would everything else.
“Sure. Thanks.” Bobby smiled at her. “Dean, I know you don’t wanna hear this, but I think we already know who took him.”
Dean nodded slightly, understanding the end of conversation, and dropped his eyes back down to his desk. He pulled the notebook toward him and opened it, grabbing one of the new pens from the packet. Might as well fill in some time.
“Well...” Dean chewed his lip, and Castiel knew he’d already won. “I guess, there’s a bit of drilling to do. So I can put the furniture together. And some sanding, you can handle a sander right?”
Dean was staring at him with an incredulous look on his face, and Castiel tilted his head in confusion.
Dean’s brain short circuited for a moment, his eyes widening at the question. As Dean’s brain processed the information, Castiel was watching him worriedly, his face a mixture of emotions. Dean considered – everything in him wanted this, had wanted this for awhile – but he couldn’t help feeling responsible for Sam, despite that they were adults. He glanced past Castiel, finding Sam watching him from a table nearby. Sam nodded slightly to him with a smile that told him it was okay, and a grin spread across Dean’s face as he focused on Castiel again.
“Yeah. Yes, I mean.” Dean nodded slightly, then chuckled. “I mean… I doubt I’ll be a great student or whatever but… Man, nobody has ever been able to calm me down like that. So I guess if you think you can help me then, I’ll try to learn.”
Finally, after what seemed an age, Dean turned and met his eyes once more. His heart dropped as he saw the tears in the man’s eyes, the slight tremble to his bottom lip. He released Dean’s hand, only to bring his own up to gently cup his cheek.
Dean was caught off guard for a second. Once it passed, though, he sighed and hugged her back, letting his forehead drop down to her shoulder and rest there. She lightly rubbed a hand over his back, letting him hold on for a moment, then pulled back. He let her go and sat back, even though he felt like he could have kept holding on forever. She stared at him for a few moments, as though she was deciding what to say.
“That fast?” Castiel couldn’t help but feel a tinge of disappointment at the words, though he tried not to let it show. He dropped his eyes to his bottle of beer, picking at the label. “I see.”
Castiel’s shocked blue eyes met his as he was pulled around, forcing them into a spin of sorts. Dean was backwards now, off balance, they were going to fall - and then his back slammed against the rink wall, his feet slipped - and Castiel’s body slammed hard against his, the angel’s hands gripping the wall tightly, using his own body to stabilise Dean.
“There’s a plane due in around one. So four should give him plenty of time.” Sam commented, still staring at the laptop screen. “Where should we set the meeting up?”
He sounded genuinely curious, a tinge of.. something, in his voice. It almost sounded like Dean could relate, but that certainly wasn’t possible.
So I tried to convey in this how terrifying a panic attack is, and how massive an impact the words “You are not alone” are.
“No…” Dean breathed, tears running down his face as he read the letter. “No, he can’t… He can’t mean it…”
He gave the redhead a half smile and shrugged, then mimed texting, letting her know that he would tell her later. Charlie understood the message and gave him a thumbs up, then returned to her work – though Dean could see her shoot him a concerned look after a few moments had passed.
Dean blinked through his tears, breathing hard as he finally stopped. He’d shocked Sam, but he’d shocked himself, too. Hearing all his thoughts come out, put like that, it was just... a lot.
Dean couldn’t help a soft smile in return, then laughed softly as he noticed the song playing. Damn, but Castiel knew him well. The soft tunes of ‘Over the Rainbow’ were coming from Castiel’s phone, sitting discarded on the table between the chairs.
“Wait, Bobby, do you mean you want us to keep these?” Dean asked incredulously as he stared at the heavy, but beautiful weapon in his hand. At Bobby’s nod, he shook his head. “No, no we couldn’t - these are expensive, Bobby. I can’t pay you back.”
The next thing any of them knew, Sam had crossed the distance in long strides and swept Dean up into a strong embrace. Castiel couldn’t help a soft chuckle as he watched the brothers greet each other with massive hugs and excited talking. Knowing what Dean was like in the mornings, he went to the kitchen and started another pot of coffee. He knew to hand Dean caffeine before the excitement wore off and grumpiness set back in.
He felt his lips moving, and soon became aware that he was whispering continuously between sobs. Just two words, over and over, that somehow kept him hanging on.
“Yup, that’s what she’s saying.” Dean answered for her, still laughing quietly. “Go on, Charlie, tell him the rest.”
A hand touching his shoulder made him jump and yelp in shock. He spun his head around, his shock instantly changed to anger – only to see his supervisor staring at him with an eyebrow raised and a concerned expression on her face as she sat in the chair beside him. He hadn’t even noticed her approach.
He set his things up – laptop first, plugged in and set up on the desk, his coffee off to the side so he wouldn’t knock it – and as an afterthought, he pulled out the notebook and pens. Might as well give it a try if this was too boring, he figured.
“Very good.” Benny released his shoulders and gave him a patronising pat on the head. “Now Charlie, if you will?”
Dean’s begging turned into a cry as Cas lined himself up, then drove his length into Dean in one smooth motion. Fully sheathed inside his lover, he paused, leaning down to capture Dean’s lips against his own in a searing kiss that had Dean bucking his hips, trying to get some movement.
“Nah, I don’t – Oh shit, wait…” Dean realised just as Castiel pushed his sleeve back, why he shouldn’t have let him look.
“You did great work today, Dean.” Castiel started, and Dean huffed as usual, but this time Castiel held up a hand to stop him. “No, you did. I know you were worried about the quiz. What I don’t know is why – you got full marks; every question was answered correctly and beautifully written.”
Dean breathed a sigh of relief. No games, surely that meant he was safe from whatever Castiel had been playing at lately. The idea that the angel had no idea what he was doing to him, just reacting off adrenaline, was still a tempting conclusion. As time went on, however, he was having trouble forcing himself to believe it, and he honestly wasn’t sure how much more of things like what happened the day before he could take.
“- I’m not telling you anything. It’s Dean’s business, not mine.” She didn’t sound angry, but certainly her whispers held a certain level of steel. “But I’m warning you now. If you’re playing games with him just stop. Don’t pretend to care. Dean takes things pretty deep and if you fuck him over, he’s gonna blame himself and end up in a real bad place.”
“I just wanted to check in on you. Make sure you are okay. I can’t stay, I have to go back to work.”
Castiel snorted at that, and like a switch the post sex bliss was gone. He felt the loss deeply, wishing they could have spent just a little more time enjoying the aftergloe. He stood quickly, pulling his pants back up in a hurry, though he winced at the movement. He turned on Dean, not missing the way the man winced at the anger in his eyes.
Once he could continue he leaned forward again and flicked the tip of Dean’s cock with his tongue, swirling it around the head before taking Dean down again. The moans were louder now, and he could feel Dean watching him as he writhed against the wall. It sent thrills of excitement through him, and he caught himself groaning throatily as he bucked into his own hand, fire curling in his belly.
Sam just shrugged, shooting him a slightly confused expression. Charlie stepped back and glared at him, her hands on her hips. It reminded Dean that she could be incredibly terrifying at times, and he shrunk back, feeling guilty though not sure why.
“Yeah, and if you did that ‘exercise thing’ you wouldn’t need as much sleep cause you’d have more energy.” Sam shot back. “Night guys.”
“Dean, don’t” Uriel mocked him as he stepped toward the pair. “Listen to lover-boy, Dean. I only want him.”
“Oh no. No you don’t, Dean Winchester. Don’t you get that look on your face.” Charlie told him, her stare a mixture of firm and concerned. “You cannot like this guy, I don’t care how nice he looks. You don’t need more stress right now.”
“Yep. Her name’s Charlie. She should be here soon.” Dean answered. “Cas talked about her a bit. He says she’s a good person.”
The angel did hear it, however, judging by a soft groan and his hand tightening almost painfully on Dean’s cock. That slight pain, however, sent the pleasure shooting to another level that Dean hadn’t even known existed. He was trembling now, his entire body vibrating where he sat, and he didn’t know how much longer he could handle this.
There it was again. He was good, he was doing the right thing. Dean let out a soft sigh, a strange calm settling over him. It was strange because it was the kind of calm he never felt, he could never find. And yet it settled over him gently like a warm blanket, and he let himself drift into it as everything went black.
A grin curved his lips as he ramped his efforts up again, ducking and weaving through the streets in an untraceable pattern that slowly curved back toward the trees. A few times, he thought he may have lost the angel - but a flash of a trench coat, or a glimpse of dark, messy hair, encouraged him on until he was finally crashing into the copse of trees and darting behind a thick trunk to wait.
“Alright, Cas,” Dean started, surprising himself by how stable he was as he stood on his own skates. “Remember what I said. Take it slow, keep your knees bent and stay low. If you fall, fall forward - your wrist guards will protect you. If you have to fall backwards, pick a cheek to land on so you don’t break your tailbone.”
“I’ve gotta run out to grab a few things.” Dean explained. “Won’t be long, maybe forty-five minutes.”
“I would be happy to play a game, Dean. But I fear I would not be a good opponent. I don’t understand the game, or the rules.”
“Your-? Oh.” A saddened expression crossed the man’s face, completely changing his demeanour, and he sighed. “I apologise. He must have moved, I should- I should go.”
“Dean…” Castiel wet his lips with a flick of his tongue, then took a breath before bringing his eyes back up to meet Dean’s. “I know, this is still new, and I don’t want to rush anything. But we work so well together, and Claire loves you very much. I trust you and… If you want to say no, I’ll understand but… Would you like to… move in with me?”
“Dean, you know that I want this.” Castiel finally told him, opening his eyes. “But I want to do this right. I will not ravage you the way I want to in my kitchen right now.”
