Miles sniffed and looked up to Tony’s eyes. “I don’t want you to leave again baba. I was scared and alone. And…Mr. Penguin missed you.”
Tony wanted to thank the pilot, but the pilot remained silent besides telling him they had landed. Tony nodded and exited the plan. He watched as it flew off and went inside. He first went to his room and tried cleaning up. Cali had done wonders to his face, but he needed to shower and get rid of the smell of alcohol. While in the shower, he had time to think and think he did. By the time he looked presentable, he knew what he was going to do.
Clint repeated the motion, his own concern growing.
He wanted to tell him that there is never a need for him to change and anyone who thinks so is an idiot…anyone who thinks that Tony is less deserving and needs to change would be gladly met with Steve’s shield shoved down their throat.
The visitor smirked and opened his arms. “You know you haven’t made it really easy to find you little brother.”
“I realized that, when mom started getting really sick Jack would start taking my sister with him on his trips back home, while mom was in the hospital. But CPS was called and so here I’ve been shifting through group homes back and back.”
you cease your short jokes.”
They had all journeyed to the kitchen and wanted to see if Tony would pass by. Once a few minutes had passed without seeing Tony, Natasha asked, “FRIDAY is Tony in the-”
“Hey, none of that. You weren’t modest back in the day. Don’t get modest on Winston’s account,” Ryder said. He tapped Winston on the shoulder and Winston leapt off of his lap.
“Anymore,” Marley drawled, taking back on her accent. “And my dear that’s not impressive seeing as how you only stopped a year ago, when you were twelve.”
“Now onto our final judge. Mr. Miles can you please talk about what you looked about the two buildings.”
“Mmm,” the woman sighed. “He’s all marked up and bruised. You think they would pay well for a Stark that looks like this?”
“So could I. I only have to say three words and frankly it’s a part of my job description. The only ones who fear death are the ones who never knew how to live. And trust me Captain I have lived my best life,” Miriam said.
“Barton.” This time it was Natasha who hissed out Clint’s last name.
“No, it’s fine. Ah, look can you just stay with me until I fall back to sleep. I know it’s probably childish, but I realized that I sleep better when you’re near. Weird I know seeing as though you’re the reason behind a few of my nightmares…though not so much anymore. And I probably shouldn’t have said that. It’s just the time in the kitchen when I fell asleep quickly you were there and just now on the couch you were there,” Tony trailed.
“I wasn’t worried,” Tony muttered. “Go. I know he’s probably waiting at the front door for you.”
“It’s the ramblings of a mad man,” Bucky spoke, watching inside the cell with a narrow speculative expression. “There’s no sense in staying any longer.”
“Sorry, that’s all in the past. I’m pretty sure you didn’t do all this to hear about my childhood,” Tony laughed.
me Ryder.”
His spirit felt drained.
Fear and anxiety grappled with Tony’s heart.
Miles nodded.
The two laughed gleefully at one another.
“So I thought the Accords were just another thing we would fight about. I thought eventually one of us would concede to defeat and laugh about it. I mean I was half way in about the Accords. I didn’t agree fully with it, but-”
The two left Miles’ group and went toward a rollercoaster that was a little bit more geared to people who were older.
“Again may I remind you that Steve pushed his shield right into your chest and destroyed your arc reactor? And you think you love him,” Ryder said pushing against Tony’s shoulder.
Bucky had never seen anything so amusing.
More laughter and some moving of plates. “Yes, I am fairly sure your aunt would approve of that. No, but maybe I should come to school and see this Michelle person you have been talking awfully about. Yeah, you know what I think that’s what I’ll do.”
“Yes. My conditions are set. If my conditions are not met you will have to be my backup in getting T’Challa to agree to let me go to Coachella.”
Harley smiled at him, before going back to watch what was on TV. “Okay.”
He was just upset when somebody got to Howard and Maria, before he was able to. But he still had possession of the CMPNY. After Howard’s death, the CMPNY started to slowly disband, but Ryder began to rebuild it and fix it to his own needs. He hadn’t set out to ruin it like he initially wanted. But the idea of owning something that Howard once had was…it was invigorating. It was like even in his death, he owned Howard.
Tony refused to play this game any longer. He refused to make it seem as though he was truly oblivious and that Ryder was that great of an actor. He had been a little unsure toward the beginning of the conversation, with how comfortable Ryder had seemed by it all.
Again Tony was so lost.
Fortunately, I have amazing friends that I can depend on who have helped me through this emotional time and I am so thankful for them. I am doing so much better and I am at a place mentally where I feel at peace.
“You’re filthy. I think he needs a bath before we go out and send him away to the trader, right?”
“Yeah,” Steve answered. “But please continue with your toast.”
Unfortunately, Steve was more than dirty to be in a place like the kitchen. In fact, he had half the mind that they should have washed up at the communal showers on the third floor, before returning to the main one.
That was all it took.
“Yes.”
What he wanted was to simply be there for Tony. He wanted to be there like he wasn’t before.
“Love you and call me if you need anything. I’ll only be at SI so I’m not far. Also I’ll be back tomorrow in the morning probably,” she said.
“You know at some point we’re going to have to get up and shower. I know you have errands to run. I’ll have to drop the kids off at school. Oh, and today I probably have to go to meetings since I know that…fuck,” Tony broke off as the teasing finger pressed inside, pushing back any cum that had been slowly leaking outside of Tony.
Steve chewed on the inside of his cheek and consider this.
“Take the present and shove it up your-”
“And I assume, it’ll be with another person.”
Tony walked to Miles’ bedroom and turned on the light in there. He silently approached his bed and sat down at the edge of it. His hands slightly shook Miles’ sleeping body. He smiled fondly as Miles curled up closer to Snuggles and seemed to turn his face into the pillow to avoid the light in his room.
Tony moved his eyes around the room, before settling on Karen’s.
Miles sighed and dropped his forehead against Tony’s shoulders. Peter looked around once more and then at Tony.
Karen scrunched up her nose and then shook of how the conversation had turned.
“Oh, every side is your best side,” Ryder said pinching Tony on his bottom and making a huge play of it in front of the person who took their picture. He leaned forward and pressed a kiss on Tony’s temple.
Much love to everyone who has commented, sent a kudo, bookmarked, shared, etc. I truly appreciate it :)
“This was not some consensual thing that Tony engaged in,” Steve argued. “Tony never once said he consented to that abuse. That is not something he has ever been interested in.”
And they had the person right here…
Steve pinched the bridge of his noise and handed off the tangled fairy lights to Natasha who had come in just a little while ago to bring in the sparkling cider.
When Tony had put down a full Miles, he retreated back to his bedroom. He had originally wanted to go back down to the lab, but he still wanted to be close to Miles just in case he needed him. And while he had put a play pen in the lab, Tony figured the kid would have better time sleeping in an actual bed.
Peter kept reading the messages as they came in, “Uncle Bruce said he’s got the playlist going for tonight. Uncle Clint and Aunt Nat said they’re making sure that other heroes are on call for tonight so that if something happens, you both won’t be called in.”
“With all due respect Fury, I am the leader of this team. Anything having to do with the safety and well-being of any of my teammates falls directly under my jurisdiction. I suggest you find a way to get Isak here, or so help me I will find a way to Norway. And I don’t think we need another international affair on our hands,” Steve grit out.
“Steve?”
“I didn’t-”
Tony tried keeping his mouth shut just so the soothing touch wouldn’t leave him. He had liked Ryder when he was like this. But he was talking about Miles and Miles did not deserve that. Howard had treated any sickness of Tony the same way Ryder was doing. He would be a fool if he let anyone else do the same to another kid, especially when Tony was taking care of said kid.
(See the end of the chapter for
Steve leaned forward replacing his fingers with his mouth on Tony’s pulse point. Tony’s eyes rolled back and he moaned at the pressure. He sighed softly, feeling Steve’s breath fall on him like a cool breeze.
“I’ll do it,” Tony quickly interrupted her.
Tony chocked on a cry and Steve tilted his head up. “I know how you loved how that sapphire seemed to glow brighter on those nights as Jarvis made it feel alive in real in your dreams. I know how it brought comfort to you. Since then sapphire always reminded you of Jarvis and the safety that he allowed you to escape to.”
Steve nodded, moving closer in the space Tony created for him.
“Would it have been different if you could have said goodbye?”
“Okay, well I have a car waiting-” Fury said, almost regretting coming here and making Tony make this decision. But he couldn’t take it back now.
They walked around for a bit, Tony making sure to say hello to the donors that were there. Tony knew that they often liked to see their money being put into action, so he figured this was as good time of any. Plus it may lead them to donate more at the Christmas Charity Gala on next Saturday. Steve followed him and also made his own introductions.
A women’s voice echoed in Karen’s office. “Oh, Evan he sounds wonderful. We’ve been wanting to adopt for so long and now that this is finally happening.”
*gets out of hiding, replies to comments, and quickly returns to hiding*
“Yeah, well one better be experiencing nothing,” Karen said.
Winston came forward alongside two others observers. They went to Tony’s body, picked him up, and threw him onto the bed. Tony let out a wet cry at how his broken ribs felt at his body being carelessly thrown. His vision blacked out for just a moment and then opened just as quickly as he felt hands holding down his wrists and then spreading apart his legs.
There had been more baths and Tony hated how powerless he felt. It seemed just as he was finally gaining back power in his life it was ripped up from underneath him. He had been sober for years and now he was being forced to drink. He had even entertained the idea of taking a bath with the scented bath bombs Natasha had kept mentioning. Now he threw up at any mention of going near that large tub of water.
“Do you want me to be soft and gentle? You want me to kiss you softly in your ear and tell you just how beautiful you are and how I am the luckiest man alive to have been graced to call you mine,” Ryder whispered pushing Tony firmly onto the bed.
The three of them remained silent for a few moments, before Tony suggested that they watch some TV. They settled into watch some cooking show on Food Network. Peter leaned on the bed placing his head by Tony’s lap where Miles hand was hanging off of. He rested his head on his arms. Harley did the same, choosing to grab ahold of Iron Bear and use it as a head rest.
“You’re not supposed to say what direction you leaned toward,” Harley leant down and whispered.
Tony’s eyes opened.
already have one. Not you,” Tony said trying to wave of Steve’s attempts at getting his funnel cake.
“Can I speak to Miles? Is he near you? I just…I really need to hear his voice Steve,” Tony broke.
Natasha leaned back in his chair. “If only you had realized this sooner, we wouldn’t be in this position. As cliché as it is, I assume it is better late than never.”
“Well, you sure do put up a nice fight,” Ryder exclaimed, spitting out blood onto the floor.
Bucky stepped forward to stop Steve who had moved toward Ryder, hands stretching outward.
Harley shrugged. “It’s okay. I get you have things to do. So it’s cool. I mean Mr. Rogers helped.”
Fury shifted uneasily on his feet.
Ryder sighed. “Thank you. Okay, let me know if you can reach him.”
Tony’s eyes hooded over as he looked up at Steve. He moved his leg higher on his waist, Steve grabbed at his thigh to help pull his leg higher. Tony’s body rolled into the movement.
While the child played, Tony turned back to the Avengers, plus Bucky…
Pepper ran her thumb over her lips, a nervous habit of hers. He also noticed the chipping of her nail polish, something that Pepper never allowed to happen. The only times that her nails were chipped was when she was greatly stressed. He hated the fact that he was the reason for that stress.
Not even a few seconds later, Miles came running back in, but instead of going to Natasha he went straight toward Steve.
Steve shrugged his shoulders. “There’s honestly no other good reason than I just wanted to protect myself from your hate. Here I was chasing after the guy who killed your parents. I know how your parents’ death affected you and I wanted to keep that door closed because
Steve walked toward the wall and collapsed against it. He tilted his head back and closed his eyes. Steve allowed himself a few moments to compose himself, before he turned to look where Bucky was standing.
“I mean its fine or whatever. I can just stay here. Probably don’t want anyone to see-”
“Yes,” Steve bit out.
“Do you know her?” Bucky questioned, suddenly at the back of Steve.
“Please, please, please let me out,” he cried, the palms of his hands meeting the cool tile floor. “Please let me out. I can’t breathe in here.”
“Will you lift me up to put the star on the tree?” Tony asked cheekily.
“No!” Tony shouted.
And he feared that having felt this once, he would quickly lose it.
“So if I left right now, you’d worry about me and my well-being,” Sharon teased.
“You can’t do this to me! Tony! Come on, don’t do this to me! Tony!” Ryder screamed, drool already foaming at his mouth. “You can’t do this to me, Tony! Tony!”
“When I realized, I actually have a family to lose,” Natasha regarded. “I thought you would have realized that too.”
“Peter, it’s not your fault. No need to apologize. You got there right on time and you realized something before I did. It’s time to go home anyways,” Tony said and if he held Miles a little tighter on the walk to his car no one would be the wiser.
“Stop it.”
Frowning, Steve turned to Bucky. “What? I am a great cook.”
Tony opened his mouth, to push the final nail into his coffin.
Tony Stark? Causing Ryder pain? Oh if only they knew and saw the bruises Tony had to look at in the mirror for the past few weeks.
Ryder slapped Tony’s face sharply. His cheeks grew red with anger and his body almost seemed to vibrate. He grabbed Tony by the shoulders and pushed him down on the bed.
“I don’t whine,” Clint complained, mouth titled downward.
***Also to anyone who has ever been involved in car crashes, I do not want to take them lightly. Those are very serious, seeing as how many people have been affected by its disastrous results. Please stay off your phones, be aware of your surroundings, and just look up. I make a statement at the end about car crashes in relation to Ryder and hope this doesn't offend anyone***
“Agreed,” Peter said.
(See the end of the chapter for
“What?” Clint sighed. “I can tell by the loud slamming cabinet doors you’re clearly angry.”
A few minutes had turned into 30 and Happy knew it was time to support his friend.
“Steve?”
Peter’s own eyes glistened with unshed tears as he watched his uncle finally get his hands on this ring that he had been going back and forth with Shuri about.
He wondered at what point it had become his own.
Also Black Panther has me physically shook and I want to send marriage proposals to practically everyone in that movie.
“Thank you everyone for deciding to come out here this wonderful evening. After much careful consideration, our judges have made their final pick. We will allow our judges to speak on the competition, before we announce the winner,” Julie claimed. “William, you may go first. What was your thought on the competitors?”
With a gentle push, Steve lowered Tony’s hips back to be flush with the sheets Tony was now curling his hands into.
“I can talk to him if you want,” Tony offered. “I know a thing or two about arguing for a grade change that is truly deserving.”
“Hey, Steve breathe,” Bucky said putting the bowl of soup down. He placed his hands on Steve’s shoulder and looked into Steve’s eye. “No one told you that either of you had to do this alone. He’s got the team, he’s got his family. This is a joint effort, where no one will stay benched on the side. Let that weight be shared with all of us, ‘kay punk?”
“Hello,” Steve answered.
Steve rolled his eyes at the two, before bringing his attention back to Tony. “What to watch on TV. Bucky just turned on some show with…I don’t know what it is to be exact. But right now there’s this girl whining about how unfair it is that her sister thinks she can just take her clothes? I think? Oh wait…no someone…I think her mom is telling her that her sister can borrow her clothes, when she’s taken clothes from her mom? I’m confused. Why is this so important?”
“Hey, what’s that face?” Rhodey questioned finding a chair and moving it to the other side of Tony’s bed.
“Of course,” FRIDAY answered back.
Steve began to walk to his room and was slightly alarmed to see Ryder walking toward him. He scowled at Steve’s presence and then sent an unimpressed glare to Steve. An expression flashed across Ryder’s face, but it was too quick for Steve to place what it was. Steve straightened his shoulders and Ryder shook his head and regarded Steve as though he was a child.
Isa smiled softly at Steve, but with a certain harshness said, “You are a good man inside who wants the best for the little men. The Accords is exactly there to help the little man…so for the love of all why are you so hell bent on not signing?”
Steve grinned. “So you were close to Jarvis and Ana.”
Harley tilted his head. “What’s your deal?”
“She will,” Tony said kindly. “I can be there with you, when you tell her.”
Tony winked. “It’s so funny, just a few hours earlier in the day you were saying how you couldn’t wait to eat-”
Tony turned wide eyes to Steve and Steve placed a comforting hand on Tony’s shoulder. Tony leaned into the touch and Steve had to force himself to separate in order to take out the packaged food.
Winston let out a ragged breath as his body bowed over. Ryder bit at his neck. “I want you to show him what he’ll get with another man that isn’t me. You got it?”
“How’s Miles? I thought he would have been here,” Tony noted.
“Sure, golden boy. I’m sure you just have a dark side waiting to pop out. Let me guess, it’s like the little grumpy in
“See this is how you should respond when you think of Steve doing anything with you,” Ryder said kissing Tony’s tears away. “You know I would’ve never let Winston hurt you like that. You know that. I’ll protect you. I protect what is mine.”
Tony sighed. “I know, but Peter you are also a young teenage boy. This is a lot. You’re right it is a responsibility, but making sure that you’re getting good rest and making it to your classes on time is also a huge responsibility. How about later on we try to work something out that doesn’t involve you getting fined for truancy and having teachers give out bad grades due to your tardiness.”
“Then it all changed,” Tony finished.
“It’s not our fault we have to keep a separate group message to discuss your relationships, since you tell us two nothing,” Tony reprimanded. “And we are extremely hurt by this. We want to know more about your love life. It’s like watching a live-action Hallmark movie. Wounded soldier nursed back to health by a beautiful lady, who wants to instill in the soldier the love of Christmas again. But the soldier has lost all hope. However, Nurse Miranda discovers that she is going to nurse him back to health and back to the joys of Christmas.”
Pepper rolled her eyes. “But Tony is the real one with the love interest. Don’t’ think I didn’t notice lover boy has been staying by your side, since we found you.”
Steve laughed as Tony took a sip of his coffee. Miles settled into his seat picking food off of anyone’s plate that was near him.
“Isak was his brother. Apparently, Ryder was driving the car overturned and Ryder passed on impact,” Bucky explained.
Ryder.
“Thank you for watching after Harley.”
“Stupid, stupid. I…fuck. I’m a mess. This is a mess, mine which I dragged you all into. Fuck, this is going to get out and when Miles’ is older he’s going to hear about this as though he isn’t already going to know how much of a fuck up his baba is. Shit, I can’t believe that I-”
They all waited until he left, before Steve turned around to face Fury.
“Look how easy it is for you to fight, but not for you to stay,” Bucky mockingly said. “Didn’t know that leaving him in Siberia would set the trend.”
If he managed to leave the room, without one bit of repre…
“No, actually,” Steve said. “It was said briefly in passing. You were talking to me about how Jarvis would sit you down and you two would read the
He made sure to include sapphire that was nestled in a thin band in the middle of the ring. It was almost like a stream of the ocean had found its place in this tiny piece of grounded earth. He ran his fingers over the cool metal and looked at the tiny words inscribing the middle of the ring.
“What? You can’t tell me how to feel Rogers. I am not something that you can control!” Tony hissed. “I am not a soldier that you command.”
Tony felt his chest tighten and his breath escape from him completely. He was enraptured with everything that she was saying and felt that any movement, any speech from Tony could disrupt things.
“Okay,” he said. “Hey can you make sure to leave the door cracked?”
“Rogers be quiet,” Fury said.
Natasha leaned closer to him. “That night his parents left, Howard and Maria actually wanted to stay with Tony an extra day. Maria had insisted that Howard would let her stay to see Tony’s first piano recital in years. Tony was actually hoping to have the house to himself that night because he had already sent out invitations for a party. So Tony explained that they could catch the next flight and that he had already pulled the car out front for them. He literally pushed his parents out the door. He got the news of their death one hour into the party.”
“Howard took Ryder on as an apprentice or some internship thing. I’m not too sure. All I know is that Ryder was interned by Howard, until he found out that Howard was only doing this because he wanted Ryder away from Tony. Ryder never told us why, but something happened between the two. Howard made him transfer to Harvard and Ryder didn’t have that great of a time there so…”
Tony checked both of them out of school and met Happy outside the front entrance. Happy smiled jokingly at Tony as he held the door open for them.
“You said that you would get better. You made me promise to be patient and I have been patient. But how can I continue to be patient, when every time…every fucking time I am around you I end up with bruises, a swollen this or that, scars from broken glass, a sore throat, and more. How can I fucking know what upsets you, when everything I do upsets you! You just want me to stop being me?” Tony questioned loudly trying to push Ryder’s hands away from him.
Tony blinked his eyes slowly at Steve who had now stopped movement, waiting for Tony to come down from his high. Tony licked his lips, throat sore from a cry he couldn’t even remember expelling.
“I’m not nervous. I’m just a little…well okay possibly a little nervous. It’s just I’m hoping to impress Tony. I just want to do everything I can to express through both my words and actions how much I love him. I’m nervous that at the end of the day this won’t be enough,” Steve admitted taking a piece of the loaf of bread he had pulled out and popping it into his mouth.
“It is such a mighty and wonderfully appealing morning dessert,” Thor proclaimed. “Aye Bruce! Is not the pop tart an amazingly crafted breakfast meal?”
“Yeah, I don’t know how, but this kid just has like a super grip on everything. Thanks again for this Steve I really appreciate it,” Tony replied honestly taking the bowl of spaghetti from Steve.
“I knew that you had three people who you truly loved in your lifetime. Jarvis, Peggy, and your mom. I also know that you didn’t really have anything of theirs in your possessions. You had JARVIS, but then you didn’t. I know you told Peggy’s family that you didn’t deserve any of her old things. I knew that Maria’s family demanded that they receive everything of hers and you were too young to be able to contest that.”
“Where on earth is everyone?” Tony questioned. “FRIDAY?”
Tony woke with a slow awareness of himself. First he stretched out his legs, thankful that he didn’t feel the stinging numbness in them as he usually had for the last few weeks. Then he stretched his arms beside his body, making sure he could curl his fingers into the cool sheets. He wanted to make sure all parts of his body were able to move, that he hadn’t been drugged or those patches weren’t on his body.
“Bucky,” he said thinking that Bucky had left something in the kitchen. So turning around he was fully expecting to see his face. But what he wasn’t expecting was seeing Tony’s face looking back at him. “Tony? What…I thought you were with Ryder.”
“You can’t just have him go missing? I hear you do that a lot with people,” Tony hinted.
“Tony cooks?” Clint softly asked Natasha.
There in Peter’s room was a makeshift pillow fort. It looked as though Peter and Harley had all taken their individual pillows and sheets from their bedroom and loaded them in here. Tony could see Harley’s head peaking just outside the fort and next to him laid Miles with his hands grasped tightly on Mr. Penguin.
“I don’t want it to be shared,” Steve muttered, cheeks flushing as he admitted this to Bucky in the silence of Tony’s room.
Steve and Peter looked at one another, knowing that once Harley started talking about his crush he often rambled for a bit. So both were fine with letting the conversation carry until pulling up into Miles’ school.
Peter’s bottom lip trembled and his throat shook with the struggle to breathe easily. “You said he’s with Ryder. Why? Are they just on a date? When is he coming back?”
Steve shifted on his foot. “Is actually for Edwin Jarvis. I actually remember this from a conversation that I had with you.”
Steve looked into Tony’s eyes, which had closed sometime during Steve’s ministrations. Steve trailed his fingers over Tony’s cheek. Tony’s breath fanned over his fingers as they ghosted over his chin. Steve wanted to memorize every single feature of his face and later sketch it.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Video conference? Ever so formal baby brother,” Ryder joked. “If you didn’t want me to stay you could have just said. I just wanted to visit you for a while, see how things are. I mean Eva you do not know how much I have missed my brother. It nearly tore my heart, when I found that he had left New York.”
Steve had nothing to define it, but by love in its simplest and purest forms.
Clint pressed a hand against his heart and then pressed it against his forehead. “Why must you be so cruel to me?”
“You tried giving him orange juice,” Bucky said.
Isak’s eyes brightened and he snapped his fingers as though the answer was suddenly brought to his attention.
“Hey, save that for the one you’re intending it for alright,” Bucky muttered a bit breathlessly.
“You think I’m broken,” Tony said and it comes out accusatory. His statement is harsh in the moments that were silence. His breath stuttered. Steve watched as the color left his face and the energy that Tony had, arguing for Steve to say, left his eyes.
“Fury, if you do this you can only pray that they don’t kill you for this,” Coulson argued, trying to speak sense into Fury. “Come on, don’t play with fire.”
He looked at his ring, gosh he was a whole fiancé…he smiled dopily and smiled at Steve. He leaned back into his embrace and held the hand that was rubbing circles into his waist. He pulled away and Steve followed.
“As in the course of this spider dude?” Clint questioned leaning over to look at Natasha, who had now sat down. His eyes were also now scanning the document alongside her.
“You need me to go with you boss?” Happy inquired, looking for all intents and purposes that he was a second from hopping out the car and joining Tony to protect him from whatever emotions were surging up inside of him at that moment.
She had left the decision of Ryder’s fate within Steve’s hands.
Steve bit his lip and looked at him. “Would it help you, if you were to tell someone? If I asked you, and you were to answer…would it…would it help?”
, Tony thought to himself.
Tony nodded his head against Steve, before pulling away slightly just so he could look Steve in the eyes. Tony reached out tentatively to run his fingers across the mark that was beginning to blossom under Steve’s eyes. It was small, but Tony hated the idea that he had placed Steve in a position to be hurt.
Tony breathed.
“Just be patient with me please. Promise me you’ll be patient.”
“I know, but…it’s just Ms. Natasha put me in charge to make sure you kind of stayed here,” Julie whispered. “I can’t fail.”
“I’ll make sure that those videos are erased. I won’t allow them to be the reason your son is taken from you. You’re a good father,” Cali whispered. “Now go.”
“And just what the doctor’s said you couldn’t have,” Natasha added, pulling the cup away, but not before DUM-E tried to intercept her movements. “No, DUM-E. Tony can’t have coffee. It’s not good for him right now.”
“Yes, it was. I was taken and yeah…kidnapping. But I’ve gotten over every single kidnapping before. I was kidnapped once when I was four. Dad of course didn’t pay ransom, figured it was just some teenagers asking for money. It wasn’t.”
“Pepper,” Tony admitted. He really hoped Pepper wouldn’t get mad at him for revealing this tidbit of information.
He needed proof.
“He’s sick. His body is trying to break up the mucus. I could have helped him, but you wanted to come up here and reprimand me. For what? Bringing a kid home for a few weeks because the orphanage he’s at doesn’t have the time or resources to do so? Plus I don’t need your permission to bring a kid home. This is my home and I can welcome anyone I want to in this house. We are not married and I certainly do not belong to you in a way that you feel you can-”
Harley seemed to understand him. “Yeah, a lot of people seem to love doing that.” He looked at Steve once more. “You can really go take me to see my mom?”
“Of course. Anything to leave this awkward love situation. It’s like watching a bad romcom.”
Pleased with Tony’s suggestion, Peter nodded. Tony looked at the three of them, before heading down to his lab.
“What are you saying?”
Tony smirked back before getting more comfortable on the couch. Everyone went back to watching the cooking show. Natasha, Miles, and Peter continued coloring. Steve wanted to talk to Tony and he had been gathering all the strength to talk to him. In his mind he was going through conversations starters.
“Okay, just stay here then and don’t talk to strangers,” Steve told him, before walking toward Bekah’s room. When he arrived, Bekah was sitting up in her bed a tired, yet restful smile lighting up her pale features.
His money was on Clint doing it, yet the music was soft in an almost crooning way. Clint would rather prank them all and play an hour of The Wiggles theme song or something equally ridiculous. Tony tilted his head back against the elevator wall, finding a moment to close his eyes at the pure relief that his day was now over and he could finally relax.
Steve pursed his lips together, feeling upset that Tony was so willing to share with strangers, but not with him. This whole site seemed so secretive, and while Steve felt a bit betrayed, he started to think about things from Tony’s perspective. Tickling wasn’t a mainstream kink. Bondage, spanking, food play - all the things they had tried seemed to be more acceptable in the sex world while tickling… Some people enjoyed it, some hated it. Steve was somewhere in between. It could be a fun thing among loved ones, but could quickly become overwhelming and unbearable. Steve didn’t think about it earlier, but he really liked tickling Tony. He loved the way his body twitched, the sound of his laughter, and the feeling of closeness and trust in the action. For Steve it was fun. For Tony, it had to run much deeper, forming stronger connections than it did for Steve.
"It will be fine, babe," Steve assured, walking closer and leaning down behind the brunet, pulling him into a comforting embrace.
Watching Steve was a different story.
"STEHEHEVE! DOHAHAN'T!"
“Oh, yeah, I know,” Steve perked up, “I already handled that and scheduled some Zoom calls,” he said, excitement hearable in his voice. Talking with kids and visiting schools was always great. It was much better than those PSA videos he had filmed once in bulk for schools, that his teammates liked to rub in his face.
Steve just smiled, hearing as Tony started to brush his teeth, considering it a win.
"We are Red's friends, she told us to be here today," the woman said with a nice smile, waving to Tootsie behind the bar, the girl waving back at her. "I am Lady Mint," the woman said, gesturing to herself. She looked quite colorful, in a multicolored tie-dye kaftan, beautiful makeup and with a head full of platinum blond hair reaching her chin, teased and puffed out to perfection. "And this handsome man is James Rhodes," she introduced and the man smiled friendly.
"Don't laugh, tucking in is a serious business," Red reprimanded, narrowing her eyes. There was some knocking on the door, and she turned away from the mirror. "Come in!"
“I wanted to,” Tony finally spoke, his voice coming out quiet, “I didn’t know how,” this wasn’t a good answer. Tony closed his eyes, not able to look at Steve. “I was embarrassed, I guess.”
Steve huffed in laughter. "Thanks, Buck," Steve said, the name coming out almost inaudible and more like a sigh to a nonskilled ear, but the lip movement was enough for Tootsie to decode the word. A little placated, she walked away, having to prepare for tonight's show.
"You can do better than that punk!"
It was even more surprising, when Tony shook his head, denying the offer. It didn't happen often, or more like, never, and was alarming. Tony had to feel really sick.
Steve took a deep breath and plopped down on the swivel chair, making it squeak. His heart was beating rapidly and he could still feel Tony's body pressed into his and the overwhelming heat lingering on his clothes and tingling his skin.
“It was fine,” Steve stirred the drink with his straw. Tea, non-alcoholic ginger beer and lots of lemon. It wasn’t that bad. “She was a little shocked but she accepted it quickly. She invited me for another lunch next week. Maybe I will take Tony with me this time.”
"Define 'nice'," Tony grinned, using air quotes at the second word, showing that while it was supposed to be nice, at first, he got carried away and crammed as much Valentine's day gadgets as he could fit in their bedroom just because he could, which pretty much caused his husband to suffocate, literally. Steve didn't reply, just jutted his bottom lip forward, feeling that he ruined the day. "Hey, don't make that face," Tony said softly, framing his husband's face with both hands, thumbs brushing below the jawline tenderly. "I can always reuse that stuff next year," he grinned, trying to fix the mood.
"There is your brain, leave my brain alone!" Tony giggled and played along, pointing at Peter.
“Wait,” he gasped out in the kiss, when the girl hooked a leg around his, getting closer, the heat of their bodies mingling together. “Please wait,” he asked weakly, not protesting when Red Velvet rubbed against him, the slippery material of her dress causing the nicest friction against his shirt.
"Hey, Red…"
“Tony!” Steve stopped, making someone behind him almost collided into his back. There was some angry cursing, but Steve didn’t pay any attention to it.
"Exactly the same," Steve laughed and put his book away. He turned around and looked at his husband and son with fondness. "Two stubborn nerds."
Tony was sweating and so tired, and not in a good way. Steve was just snickering at him, which made him even more irritated. A stupid idea with a stupid guys day out. For starters, Steve had taken Tony out to a paintball park. So far, Tony was running where Steve pointed him to, walking on some hills and rolling in mud, in scorching sun while dressed in unflattering moro suit, all while carrying a paintball gun with himself. He wasn't having the best time.
Steve smiled to himself. Really, some things never change.
Really.
"Babe!" Steve called, knocking on the bathroom door with his knuckles. "How much longer will you take in there?"
“Before we continue, I have to tell you something,” Steve said with a grimace, well aware that if he kept talking, there might be no continuation at all. Wonder if Loki had a persona non grata list and if Steve’s name would make it there. He needed to come clean. “I am not a journalist,” he admitted in one breath, keeping his hold on Red Velvet’s waist. “I lied because I really wanted to meet you. I think you are just amazing, and I was always to shy to talk to you, so when I saw you that night outside… It was then or never.”
Steve bit his lip, legs bouncing impatiently on the bed. He tried to keep his mind occupied, but the twisting feeling in his lower stomach didn't allow him to.
With a growl, Steve sunk into the couch, looking pleadingly at the ceiling, as if asking for someone to end this all.
Cautiously, Steve scrolled down again, trying to keep an open mind and be more cautious. He wasn’t a prude, he knew that people had different kinks and it was completely normal. Heck, he and Tony had a very healthy sex and intimate life and the sight of Tony tied down for their playtime always made Steve’s blood boil with lust and desire and they did indulge in some kinks, Steve current favorite one included spanking Tony’s bouncy ass and watch it jiggle and the skin turn red. Tony had no problems with sharing his kinky fantasies and Steve was always willing to give it a go, sometimes proposing things on his own, like wax play, which wasn’t only sexy but also artistic - Tony’s body colored with drips of different colored wax was a beautiful sight. This… This was something different, Steve didn’t think to consider.
“I mean he is an Avenger, so he should have been able to leave, if he really so desired. My brother could have easily been overpowered,” Isak announced. “My brother isn’t that strong.”
was the problem.”
“When the carnival came to town Rhodey and Pepper made me go. I was never able to go as a kid because well reasons,” Tony explained. “So every year the carnival would come and I would play these games, but for the life of me I couldn’t win. Then I made it a mission of mine to learn what I was doing wrong and to adjust. I mean I graduated college, when I was still only a teenager. I was going to win this little game.”
Besides what more could Ryder say that would ever possibly change or alter the events of the past or the ones that were meant to surely arrive in the near future?
“It’s adorable you think you have a choice. Where are you going to go Tony? I have this whole city blocked off. No cell reception for at least 300 miles. There are no modes of transportation here. The nearest sign of civilization is 400 miles away from here. This town is practically invisible,” Ryder explained taking off his watch.
The blankets nearly swallowed his whole frame and did nothing to bring to life the color in his cheeks. It only served to further darken this whole atmosphere. Tony would hate that when he woke up. Without thinking, he ran to the gift shop and bought an assortment of colorful things. He dressed the room up, ignoring everyone’s looks as he went back and forth until he was satisfied with how the room looked.
to a bed,” Tony slurred, eyes blinking sluggishly. Steve’s cheeks warmed and he was glad that Tony was not fully capable to notice that yet.
Bucky laughed and took the remote from Clint’s hand. Clint narrowed his eyes at him as he nursed his arm close to him.
“Tony, hey Tony I’m right here,” Steve murmured. “Can you open your eyes for me? Let me see those nice brown eyes.”
“Sure, breakfast sounds great. Yeah, just give me a few minutes to shower and clean up,” Steve exclaimed throwing a towel to Bucky.
“I don’t know. I’m not ready to leave him for that long,” Tony said.
He stared back at the space between his legs. He looked at the fading purple patches and the hand shaped bruises circling his ankles where Ryder, after Tony having kicked him in the jaw, told Luka to hold him down as Ryder forced another pill down Tony’s throat.
Steve quieted a laugh, when Tony nudged him sharply in the ribs. Steve looked down at Tony then to Miles. “But carrots and broccoli help you get to be big and strong,” Steve added.
“It’s hard,” Tony said, hands clenching around. “It’s always been me taking care of myself. I can probably take care of this too.”
“Mmm, where ya goin’?” Ryder questioned feeling the body underneath his arm move. He opened his eyes slowly and peered to look at Tony who was already grabbing some things to get ready to shower.
Pepper then came into the room with her phone clutched in her hand. “The hotel staff wasn’t employed tonight. Ryder told them he had his own employees that would be able to handle the event. I asked if I could get the information for these employees and they said that they hadn’t received any information. Everything was done through Ryder.”
…Howard had…
Miles’ eyebrows furrowed trying to remember the exact word his baba had used, when they were coloring. Steve set the boy on his lap as he opened the coloring book, seeing exactly what Tony had colored and what Mile had colored. Miles had expressed on many occasions how he didn’t like his baba coloring in his book. Steve still didn’t know why Tony refused to color in the lines because he had seen Tony sketch out some designs and those were immaculate.
Natasha kept her hands firmly in Bruce’s. While everything was happening in the interrogation room, Natasha had been mentally preparing what she wanted to do with Ryder. Surely, no one expected for Ryder to leave without being graced by the Widow’s bite.
“Mhm,” Isak voiced again with that bright sigh.
His breathing cut off and Natasha continued to try to get him to mirror her breathing.
“Ummm, just no because I don’t need Ryder finding out that I’m going to the orphanage,” Tony quickly explained.
“Yes,” Miles sang as though tired of all of this questioning. “Can I go back to playing now?”
Both Peter and Tony shared looks of alarm. “She said your name?”
Next chapter will be a little time jump (or if you people want to know what Steve does to Ryder, I guess I can add that chapter in before the time jump *wink* just comment and let me know.)
While they were making lunch, Clint and Natasha came into the kitchen and noted the scene before them.
Steve nodded. All of them waited tensely as Thor went to go retrieve the visitor. When he came back, he was met with a young woman who bore a striking resemblance to Miriam. The two could nearly go as twins. Her face was sunken in as though she had experienced great trouble and she was wringing her hands together in obvious discomfort. Her eyes kept flitting around the room settling on the various individuals.
“No, I did not kidnap a kid-”
Because if Ryder could so easily hit him and apologize, then he could just as easily force him to…
Okay, good. He needs all the rest he can get. Trust me, I’ve seen raccoons with better bags.
Harley looked up at waved his pencil in front of Peter. Peter looked up and took his headphones out. “Yeah?”
“He’s breaking up with Ryder. Peter look you need to tell us what is happening right now,” Pepper demanded completely facing Peter.
Tony had nodded in thanks.
“Steve,” this time the warning came from Bucky.
Bucky nodded his head twice. He still wasn’t certain of Steve killing Ryder, but that may be more so to do with the fact that the deaths he caused were outside of his hand. Maybe if he hadn’t been brainwashed to cause those deaths then quite possibly, Bucky would be readily agreeing with Steve’s decision.
Suddenly, arms were pushing at him to put them down. The two children immediately began to ask Jaime if he could make them a sandwich. Jaime looked at Natasha once more, before nodding at the kids and taking them into the kitchen.
“I know. It’s just a question that’s been circulating around my mind a lot, after she got together with you.”
“Umm, not that I’m not all for sexy times, but now isn’t that great of a time…so”
Natasha slid him a cup of coffee and Tony nodded his head in thanks as he took the chair opposite of her. The two sat in companionable silence as the morning started to break through the kitchen windows. Neither felt entirely compelled to start talking, both understanding that often times silence could be the best comfort one needed. Sometimes what one needed was to simply think, but not be alone.
“I didn’t know the two of you were so close,” Steve said.
Tony breathed in harshly.
“The strongest,” Miles quickly nodded. “Because he has to fight bad guys.”
Steve nodded, all the while trying to ignore Tony hoarsely screaming at them not to touch him. Steve wished he had brought a jacket so Tony could have something more than a thin towel covering his body. How cold did a room even need to be?
“Yes, baba. Did you?” Miles questioned around a yawn.
Natasha walked toward him slowly holding her hands out to him. “Hey, Tony.”
He looked down and saw that Tony’s hands were trembling.
She pressed the patch as though ceremoniously, brought the bottle to her lips and said, “Benedici il CMPNY.”
Tony kept his mouth silent through it all, silently wondering had he always been this transparent. Perhaps, he couldn’t quite master the men of Stark iron mask façade his dad had proudly boasted. Today he couldn’t find it in himself to care for how didn’t embody the Stark men are made of iron cliché.
“Yes, it is a delicate one that need the most utmost attention,” Marley said, leaning heavily on Sophie. “I am quite certain it might be the most important mission of your life, kind sir.”
“I’m here letting Harley visit his mom,” Steve said. He didn’t want to indulge Ryder with too much more information.
“Because the next day he got back with Pepper. Didn’t really seem like something to tell you anymore. Plus he was drunk and I didn’t want to hold that against him. But looking back there have been some instances where anyone could tell he liked you, but of course you didn’t.”
“Just be patient with me Tony,” he said mouthing softly at the corners of Tony’s mouth.
Natasha was just about to respond, when she heard footsteps. She straightened her shoulders and moved that her body was covering Tony’s completely. She only relaxed slightly, when she saw who those footsteps belonged to.
Bucky cleared his throat so that Steve would know he was there. Turning around quickly, Steve’s cheeks flushed a bright red.
Bucky reached to him and placed a hand on his knee. “Whatever you need, we’ve got you.”
Sharon looked down at her hands and sighed. She placed a lock of her hair behind her ear and looked at Steve.
He thought Ryder was correct. He thought he had cared about him in his belief that Tony was stronger. He started thinking that maybe he had recovered all that he could and maybe he should be fine with that.
Harley shifted on his feet. “Oh Mr. Rogers didn’t tell you? Well, since you were gone for a month Mr. Rogers agreed to take me to see my mom every week and then figured it’d be easier to watch me. I think he’s trying to be like a mentor or something. I’m not really sure. Pretty sure I’m the mentor in this relationship. I mean he’s kind of behind on things. Like he didn’t know what Uno was? Uno! Like how do you not know that game,” Harley sputtered.
“Guys,” Steve said, soft enough that Tony’s head didn’t want to scream at him.
Peter smiled brightly and picked Miles up. “Hey buddy. How are you doing?”
Miles tugged on Tony’s hands. “Baba I have to go to the restroom.”
Steve blinked owlishly not really sure how to approach this situation. He was pretty sure he wasn’t fit to deal with any of this. Yet he didn’t want to risk leaving the room and he truly wanted to understand and try to help the kid.
“I’ll have a sprite,” Clint said.
Peter nodded in understanding. “Is that what your fight with Flash was about? I mean I just jumped in, but you never really told me what happened.”
“Tony, perhaps we should leave the room. Calm down,” Natasha offered.
Miles turned his face to Peter’s neck and muffled a shy hi.
“I do.”
Sam rolled his eyes. “Okay, no clearly mine is the best. Okay, I even added a little tiny Iron Man.”
The boy scoffed and shook his head. “You actually promote this stuff in real life? Thought the videos in school that you did were just for show. Nice to know the great Captain lives what he preaches.”
And that’s all Steve needed.
He looked down at Tony and began to run his fingers through Tony’s hair. The humming trailed off into quiet breathing and for a second Steve thought that Tony had fallen asleep, before Tony turned his face upward to look at Steve.
“Okay, Nat let’s not go crazy,” Clint warned jokingly.
“Tony I am pretty sure that just went over the kid’s head,” Steve admitted as he watched Miles reach back in front of him to the fruit snacks. He was almost successful in his mission.
“Yeah, it would,” Tony grinned, leaning back into Pepper’s arms. “I can’t wait. I’m like a nervous puppy though.”
The shelter was a large ten store home that was previously some office building. But it had been nicely renovated to house nearly 150 families with makeshift apartments nicely designed to accommodate anyone who entered.
The two share laughter that is Peter’s pining. “But I’ll tell him you have a cobbler waiting for him and he’ll probably swing through.”
Steve hadn’t felt this type of unfurling anger, since he found out what Hydra did to Bucky. He had destroyed Hydra and he had no problems with burning Ryder and everything else he held close to him down. Steve hoped he was the first one to get to Ryder just so he could have the satisfaction of hitting Ryder harder than the sound of the slap that came over the phone. He was going to do more than hit him though. He didn’t know if he would be fine with just leaving him bruised.
He had almost managed to get Tony to consider leaving…all up until three seconds later, when someone coughed, spit out some blood loudly, and spoke in a raspy voice. Steve could feel Tony’s body tightened and his wide eyes search his, expression seemingly lost but determined.
It was Steve’s turn to flinch. Tony’s response to it made him wish he had better control over his reaction.
Bucky smiled and turned back to the stove. “I know you are.”
And the best thing was, he was the first one who saw him more than just a soldier.
Steve’s mouth went to open, but Tony immediately shook his head. “Just don’t say anything because if you do I’m going to lose my nerve and force you to pretend that I never said anything.”
“Okay, Mr. Steve,” Miles said as he climbed over Steve’s body to grab coloring books and his crayons. “But you have to color in the lines. Baba doesn’t because he says we shouldn’t re…rect…”
“Mr. Stark Defense Squad we have t-shirts and everything. Steve was the president, but well with everything that happened I think he was demoted seeing as though he went against our first rule which is to never hurt Tony,” Peter replied.
Steve smiled at that. Of course Tony was better.
“Look Mr. Rogers my boss hasn’t been able to get a good sleep in forever. Between dealing with the effects of the war between you all, the Accords, dealing with the board of executives at SI, becoming a father, and having to get ready for all the holiday functions…he’s been running haggard,” Peter explained.
“Exactly. Now that William has said his piece, Marley you may have the floor.”
“We can color, until he wakes up,” Steve said, knowing that he had about another hour until Tony roused from sleep.
“Ryder made me a lot of promises. Promises to be better and never hurt me the way others have. He promised to stay and that’s the only promise that I wished that he had never fulfilled.”
Steve nearly broke the phone that was in his hand. He ignored the inquisitive looks that the others had as he passed to the gym. Steve didn’t even realize that he had spent an entire day down in the gym, until he looked at his bloodied knuckles and the clock hanging on the wall. He sat down and angrily pushed away the fact that he had wasted a day looking for Tony was holed up in the gym, when he should’ve been questioning CMPNY members. His frustration kept him awake well into the night and he figured he’d get rid of his pent up energy in some manner, before he pushed it on some underserving person.
The two rushed forward pulling Tony down onto his knees. “Close the door. My sister seems to have formed an attachment and I would much rather her sentimentalism not be fed into my ears right now. Do you know what you did wrong?”
Steve’s slowly growing red cheeks was enough answer for them.
And the photo on the refrigerator was taken when Leauna came out asking for a picture of her favorite couple. Tony had taken the copy, a nice reminder of their third date and how safe and loved Steve made Tony feel that night, only a sign of how Steve would continue to watch over him and love him even now. He even looked down at the small bracelet a cheap plastic thing that Steve had brought off a street vendor, after they had finished eating at Leauna’s.
“Alright soldier, make sure your arm is steady this time. It was shaking a bit,” Tony teased, secretly amused to see someone like Steve really struggling with this game.
“Actually, I called you out here because I wanted to give you this,” he responded taking out the box from his jacket. “I wanted to give it to you, once we exchanged gifts this morning.”
So sure maybe emotion stuck heavy in his throat, from how much he wanted it to stay like this forever. Maybe his head felt light from how much his body was laughing and smiling. However, none of those things concerned him, not now when these few things had been all too few between him and others.
Tony looked on confused as he rubbed the spot where the coloring book had come into contact with his forehead. He would have laughed if it were anyone else but him Miles’ was throwing the coloring book at.
Steve shook his head and brought Tony close to him. Tony fell into the embrace rather quickly, readily seeking to absorb the warmth that Steve offered. Tony turned his face toward Steve’s chest, refusing to meet his gaze.
“It was nice meeting both of you,” Tony honestly said. “I’ll see you tomorrow.”
“I’m leaving Tony,” Steve finally forced out not emotionally prepared to suffer through Tony guessing and missing the point.
“You and I both know we’re going back to…” Ryder’s voice grew closer. “Oh no Tony. You made a call to your precious Steve. How would Steve feel knowing that I…”
A few seconds of silence passed, before Bucky spoke up. “You know I know you want to kill him. I’m not saying that he isn’t deserving of death, but Steve I don’t want you to go to a point of no return. People like me, Clint, and Natasha we can reach that point and return, because we have been trained.”
Bucky handed Bruce some tea that he was making for himself but figured the doctor needed it more. Bruce took it in thanks, before sitting down at the breakfast table.
Tony swallowed a lump in his throat. Steve took his silence as permission to continue.
“Since, when did this become a table conversation,” Steve muttered to himself. “Can you three please quiet down? I don’t want the whole table knowing.”
“You know that Tony had fractured ribs, broken fingers, and much more. There were instances where there was damage done to the arc reactor. Ryder could have very well killed him,” Steve said and that admittance got stuck in his throat.
“Steve,” Tony whispered.
“Yeah, showing him you’re making an effort would be him not ending up with food poisoning. Goodness, Stevie just move. Let me handle the big things okay. I’ll direct you. Do not do anything that I have not told you to do, yes?”
He couldn’t breathe.
All of them watched as Miles’ short body ran to their table in a hurry. He went straight to Steve, despite seeing Natasha. However, Steve was closer and he wanted them to come on.
Clint clenched his jaw and turned to face the wall. Natasha sighed deeply at the childlike behavior of her friend.
Steve smiled at the nurse and the nurse was shocked with the grief that weighed heavy in his eyes. He hadn’t known a hero as bright as Captain America could have eyes as dark as his. He wondered what they had been talking about.
“How…how is he,” Sam said looking down at his hands, before looking at Pepper.
The boy rolled his eyes. “Of course I’m okay. What tells you that I’m not?”
“Screw confessing,” Steve said. “We don’t need a confession from a dead man. We covered up “Ryder” last time, we can do it again this time. We’re the only ones who have to know.”
Tony shrugged his shoulders. His phone rang again and this time Tony didn’t bother picking it up to check it. Instead Peter looked down at the phone and noticed a different name this time.
“Okay, boss. Okay,” Happy said, kneeling down to Tony and holding him in his arms. “I’ve got you. I’ve got you.”
“Come on, Tony. I know you want this. I know you want me. You always have. Just admit that you won’t ever have anyone better in your life. Think of all the ways that I’ve treated you kindly. I let you kept Miles.”
“Wow, that’s some um dedication,” Steve announced. “Mind telling me how you adjusted to fit the game?”
“No! You think I’m mad? You think that I never cared about you,” Ryder sneered. “So why would I care if we were to swerve of the side of the road. We grew up without parents, I’m sure your children will be fine.”
“Which it won’t.”
This path that the person who hurt you has stumbled upon
Bucky sniffed and narrowed his eyes at the burning butter. He quickly grabbed a towel and placed the skillet on the part of the stove that was not hot yet.
“They cheated. You can’t do that.”
“No,” Tony said. He didn’t want Steve brought into this conversation. He wanted Steve so far removed from this. He wouldn’t let Ryder ruin that for him. “I said no to your proposal because I wanted to. I don’t love you Ryder and you never gave me a reason to feel bad that I don’t.”
“What’s wrong with him?” Tony asked as Miles body rocked with coughs. He pat his back and looked to Karen for an answer. He wasn’t sick last time Tony visited and Tony made sure to visit at least once a week.
Natasha noted this and turned Tony away from here. “No.”
Tony had thought about retirement for a while now and was still debating it. “Even if I retire, these hands won’t. I’ll have to stay busy with something. But I’m learning I can delegate a few things so my workload isn’t so bad.”
“I told her that in confidence! Goodness, I can’t tell you two anything,” Rhodey sighed a smile gracing his features.
But it was okay because Ryder hadn’t wanted kids and if they were in this for the long haul Tony had to respect that. So he was fine with giving Miles back. He was completely fine with how he would go into the room that was quickly made into Miles’ and see the stuffed toys and books that were left behind. He was completely fine with getting back into the habit of not waking Miles’ up for breakfast or putting him down for his nap. He was-
Whenever Ryder was feeling mildly defensive he would tilt his head to the side, left and then right. Then he would begin speaking in defense of his actions.
“He really did. A whole two days was wild for him unlike the rest of us who knew for three months,” Harley said. “Congratulations papa and dad. Now I’m thinking I be the best man to the wedding because after all I’m the favorite.”
Tony looked back into the eyes, which he found comfort in and one who’s in the past looked on with weariness. Tony wondered whether Steve sometimes compared the look of distrust that Tony once held in his eyes with the way Tony felt he was looking at him now.
Tony scoffed.
As it grew later, people began leaving. Bucky was first. He had already fallen asleep during
Ryder grinned. “Always. Have a good day.”
“I’m a spy,” Natasha stated in a deadpan manner.
“Morning Uncle Tony,” Peter said plopping down. “Hey Dr. Banner quick question,” Peter started on some project he was working on, Bruce already awake and alert adding his own commentary. Harley himself interjected a few times, before he was pulled into conversation with Clint who had since left his spot in the vents to sit down on the kitchen counter.
“Yeah, I did,” Steve told them.
“And the only thing I can think of is that, you honestly think you deserved that treatment,” Steve slowly said as though finally realizing what he suggested. “Is that what you think? That you deserved this?”
Pepper nodded as she grabbed her purse and left the room, making sure the door was cracked. As soon as she was gone, Tony felt the walls enclose on him again. His fingers started trembling and he felt his vision darken He needed to open the blinds in here.
And suddenly he couldn’t breathe.
“Steve,” Tony whined. “The lab is part of my recovery. I need to stretch out my limps and get my blood flowing. Plus it’s not like the doctors are here. What they don’t know couldn’t hurt them.”
Miles looked back with red eyes. “Don’t know. I turned to get more candy and then I went back and he was gone. I lost baba. Baba’s gone again.”
The girl slouched in her chair at Steve’s sharp tone. On any other day and speaking to any other person, Steve might have apologized.
He hated waking up from a dream where he was holding hands with Tony, only to wake up and go back to the conference room and hear that they still hadn’t covered more ground in regards to where Tony was. Steve wondered if he would ever stop feeling that fear, that he felt lingers on even still.
Also it's the Royal Wedding today. So that's exciting. What's not exciting is I'll have to get up around 5 a.m. 'cause of the different time zone to watch it. I'm wondering to myself is it worth it. Sighs, who all else is planning on watching the Royal Wedding? Update, might as well stay up because I had to wait for A03 to be up and running. Whelp, thank you A03 for being down so I have motivation to stay up lol
“No, Tony did not leave. You all came and retrieved him from the little confines that my brother kept him in.”
” she hints with eyes, eyes flickering to one person in particular so quick that no one could know who she directed that statement to. “Though I’m not sure of that anymore,” she whispered more to herself, than to the others.
"ACHEW!" Steve turned his head away, blocking his mouth with his hand.
“You look beautiful,” Steve said in an honest voice, finding Tony even more breathtaking than before.
"Now, you admit that I am the true Captain America!" Steve made a show and wrapped arms around his boy's smaller frame and squeezed him, leaning forward and crushing. Just enough to let him feel it, but not strong enough to do any damage. Just one of the typical bear hugs, Steve liked to treat his son with from time to time.
Steve clicked his tongue, not knowing how to put it to not offend Tony. They had a great, steady sex life, based on mutual pleasure and feeling secure and it was really, really good. He didn't want to ruin it.
"Oh, honey!" Sarah greeted Tony in a compassionate voice, arms wrapped around the shocked brunet in a comforting manner. Tony kept still and after a moment of hesitation, very timidly returned the hug, sending beaming Steve confused looks.
"Hmph," Tony crossed his arms, thinking that, yeah, maybe, he took it a bit too far. The scrunchie love would end one day, hopefully, and then he would get his cat back from under the vixen's spell. And there was no need to take it out on his fluffy son, not when Figaro was so overjoyed. Before Tony could join in the scrunchie search, there was a movement behind his back and suddenly the floor was further away and the ceiling was a lot closer.
Friday didn't answer. Steve let out a long breath, trying not to think too much about it. He trusted Friday. He trusted Tony. He didn't like that Friday was so secretive and that Tony had sneaked away, but it couldn't be anything too horrible.
Steve turned his head and whispered into Tony’s ear, lips brushing over the shell. “I am guessing you didn’t leave me any pizza?”
Some kicking, some wrestling, and some mutual screaming later, Steve managed to press Tony down into the covers and trap him in, taking the torture tool out of his hands.
“Hmmm, how about some fried rice? Or maybe sushi! Do you like sushi? I could eat some crab—”
“And this is my favorite stand!” Tony spread his arms, standing in front of the wall with baskets filled up to the brim with colorful orbs. “Bath bombs!”
"I am not a runner, Steve!"
“Your lady?” Red Velvet repeated with a twitching smile. “So you want me to wear a dress to our first date?”
"I wouldn't have it any other way," Tony kept smiling, putting his arm around Steve's shoulders, Steve drawing his husband close and holding him by the hip. Pressed together, gently swaying to the music, they celebrated Valentine's day just as they liked - intimately and close.
Steve listened, convinced in his belief that something along Tony’s life did go very wrong, seeing how deeply he was wounded and how well he had masked his scars. They would work on that and maybe one day, Tony won’t have to hide behind a mask of lipstick and foundation any longer.
“My show is about to start,” Red Velvet said and Steve’s eyes widened. When did the time fly? “Are you coming?” she asked, walking to the door.
"THE HELL, STEVE!" Tony shrieked out, not able to cover himself or even stand up, not when Figaro was weighing him down.
"Tootsie?" Steve's mouth fell open. Tootsie was the drag queen he usually saw behind the bar, pouring drinks or sometimes on the stage, singing grungy music. With her smudged makeup and love for plaid and animal prints, she didn't resemble Red Velvet's poised style in any way.
"HAH! No, you listen to me kid -"
Times have changed. Drag queen bars were becoming more popular and drag became a form of art. The line between what was female and what was male was getting blurry and both genders were overlapping and taking from each other. And Tony really hoped that all this was taken into consideration and Steve’s story would have a happy ending. Because if it didn't… It was all Tony’s fault.
Slowly it came back to him. Tony yelling about Steve following him during Avengers missions and not giving him any space to work. Steve shouting back that he only wanted to keep him safe. More screaming that Iron Man didn't need a bodyguard and Steve yelling that Tony's fighting style was too reckless and he was just a regular guy in an expensive suit of armor and Tony snapped, pointing out that not everyone was an obedient, perfect soldier. They both said things that hurt but never meant to push the other away.
“I don’t have a bathtub,” Steve said, finding himself more of a shower kind of person. Soaking in water for hours was not for him.
"You're gonna burst, babe."
“Um, this is how we do it. Usually, outside and out of drag, everyone calls me by my male name. In drag or in here, we address each other by our drag names,” Tony explained, “and by the way, Loki is our second bodyguard.”
"Yes, he is fine."
"Alright," Steve agreed, lying back in bed and pulling the covers to himself. "Just watch Tony for me, okay?"
“And we never discussed it, you know? We keep seeing each other, but I don’t know what it makes us—”
Red Velvet opened her eyes and reached her hand forward. Steve wanted to take it, to hold it, to kiss it. To be there for her at every moment.
"That's sweet," Steve said, laughing when Bucky cursed, which was a lot less sweet, but a whole lot more amusing. "I don't know why you are so upset about this."
“Hey!” Tony immediately protested and lowered his hands to push away the material. “Steve!”
"You were complaining about your job a lot lately," Red Velvet hummed, coming closer to him, hips swaying with every step and high heels clinking on the floor. Steve furrowed his eyebrows in thought. Well, maybe. To be honest, he was pleased with his job, finding it quite easy and manageable. Just customers were sometimes a pain in the ass, but all jobs had ups and downs. "I am sure you have a lot of more options, we can brainstorm later and find something suitable for you," Red said in a comforting manner and Steve buried his face in the material on Red's stomach and she ran her long fingernails through his hair delicately, scratching his scalp. Such simple touch and he was already melting out of pleasure.
"Um, sohhahary," Tony giggled, straightening up and trying to mirror his husband's look. He couldn't and just curled in laughter again after a few seconds.
"I am going to the back," Steve pointed at the door leading to the staff only area, letting the kids resolve this one between themselves. He heard the banter and smiled, thinking that since Sam made a decision to take interns from the baking school, the bakery became much more lively. Entering the kitchen was a whole new experience. The shop part looked sweet and inviting, set in light pinks and cream colors, just as Sam's mom designed. The kitchen was white, with a lot of silver utensils, and the most colorful sprinkles and icing stashed neatly on the shelves. It was perfectly organized.
"Mhhhm," Steve smiled, savoring the sweet flavor of the pancakes and the spongy, melting in his mouth texture. Tony wasn't as bad in the kitchen as everyone assumed he was, but had some difficulties with properly measuring the time for cooking, so sometimes he burnt or left the food not fully cooked. This was perfect, just like Tony could perfectly make omelets and scrambled eggs, mastering the two simple dishes and elevating them.
“You know a lot about skincare,” Sarah praised, impressed by Tony’s knowledge.
Steve laughed loudly, hearing the complaint and Tony laughed too, although from a different reason. "If I acted my age, which is well over one hundred years old, I would be a pile of dust!" And then he gasped, having an idea, and fell limp, like a sack of potatoes, right on Tony who yelped in pain, smothered with his husband's weight.
Sipping his drink, Steve listened to Tootsie, singing her rock songs and planning even more changes.
Steve drew his eyebrows together. Tiberius got transferred to their school at the beginning of this year. That's how long. "Tony, you have to tell someone-"
Tony giggled again, clearly delighted with Steve being so handsy. "Okay," he agreed, plopping down on the covers again, "the last one before breakfast! Aaah!" Tony squeaked, when Steve sunk down right after him, trying to unwrap his fiancé from the tiny bathrobe, just like one unwraps a present, all accompanied by Tony's excited laughter, Steve's hungry growling, and the melody of '
“You know since we are both awake already…” Steve hummed, rubbing their noses together. Tony didn’t need to hear it twice and wrapped arms around Steve’s neck, holding him in place and pushing his hips up to match Steve’s.
"I heard you singing under the shower."
Sweet moment ending, when half way the bottle, Peter wriggled his mouth away and started to cry again.
Steve curled his fists out of frustration as he watched Tony changing into dry clothes lend by Bucky. It seemed that Tony's school life wasn't as dreamy as everyone thought.
“Of course,” Steve said quickly. “I will use your stage name,” he assured and Tony nodded, taking a sip of his coffee.
"Looks who's talking!" Bucky laughed, remembering the small fry he had left. "Growth spurt did wonders to you, pal."
“No,” she gave a solid answer. “My beard is sacred,” she said, turning back to the mirror and turning the shaver on. Steve chuckled quietly, going back to the sofa and watching the transformation happen.
Tony shrugged, focusing a lot on his shoes. "I… I think not. I am just not used to this."
"I am gonna let you decide, once you will make good decisions!"
Clearly, Tootsie waited for something, but Steve just shrugged again, really not seeing any problem.
"What if you get bored?" Tony continued asking, just testing how more creative Steve could get.
Oh, that reminded him. “What kind of drag queen would you describe yourself?”
"Tadaaah!" Sarah exclaimed playfully, putting in front of Steve a perfect slice of a perfect apple pie. "Hope you still like it."
Did we mention earlier that The Pitted Olive was a drag queen bar?
Steve sighed dramatically. He liked to think that Tony belonged only to him, but Red Velvet had many sisters that clearly wanted to congratulate her and be a part of the big day. What kind of fiancé Steve would be if he denied Tony that?
There was applause and Steve smiled and clapped with everyone as Red Velvet walked onto the stage, waving to the audience and stopping her eyes on Steve for a second, her smile a bit wider and more beautiful just for him before it dimmed down into something subtler and charming. Steve sat in the audience, listening to a song that seemed less melancholic in comparison to the ones he already knew, and took in every moment, not letting Red Velvet out of his sight. She was radiant and confident and Steve felt his heart growing just from looking at her, knowing her back story and how she came to life. And Steve knew that once the makeup and dress would be off, he would continue to feel the same while looking at Tony, at his Tony who had his share of suffering and created something beautiful and Steve felt privileged to be a part of his story. And how amazing was that?
"Hey, Thor!"
“Stolen sandwich?” he asked, remembering what Velvet said before they entered.
"Nu-uh. Your shoes, your problem," Steve said firmly, more than sure that he would break a leg minutes after putting the shoes one.
The guy eyed Steve critically. "He is tall!" he called back and Steve didn't even have time to feel offended when Tony's laughter rung in the workshop and his boyfriend emerged from underneath one of the vehicles.
"This is my favorite part of vacation," Tony admitted, enthusiastically spooning scrambled eggs and bacon in his mouth, eggs served in ten different ways still waiting for their turn on his plate. His legs kept bouncing and Steve didn't mind, even if because of the small table, Tony constantly bumped into his knees. "We should do a breakfast buffet back home."
" - no, you got it all wrong -"
“Gay radar?”
“What?” Steve asked, not being one to complain, but his arm started to hurt. Maybe he should have taken two baskets.
"Go ahead," Steve waved his hand in a carefree manner, "just so you know, my mom can accept a lot of things, but not willingly giving yourself lung cancer."
"I am just gonna keep you here. With me," Steve explained, tightening his hold a little bit around Tony, making him wheeze on purpose. "Just you and me on this bed, forever."
“I liked the ’
"La la la la!" Steve sang, pressing hands to his ears and closing his eyes. When he opened them after a while, Red was looking at him with a smirk. Such a big guy and yet he acted like a baby.
"W-what?" Steve stuttered out, his eyes widening. No, it had to be a joke. He imagined himself with an almost naked torso, his chest wrapped in some sheer material. It wasn't a protective suit, but something a male stripper would wear. "You said that suits are very stylish!"
"Need a coffee refill," Tony smiled, walking away. "Do you want anything? More juice?"
"Hey, shhh," Tony took Steve's hand and squeezed it, trying to get him back. When their eyes met, Steve's blue ones showed a lot of uncertainty, while Tony's brown ones were calm. "I understand you are worried, but it was one thing, Steve. One thing that was easily fixed with some pills for allergies."
“Huh?”
“Hey, Steve, quick question!”
"Show me," Tony demanded instead, pushing Steve's hands away and cupping his chin, eyes sharp and analyzing while he was looking at his face. "Oh, yeah, much better. That hair was driving me crazy. Although, you could use a little more plucking on the left side."
Tony scoffed, raising his arms dramatically. "Bad reviews! Do you know who writes those bad reviews? Bored kids like Peter."
So, basically, Steve had used one of the best, if not the best, agents SHIELD has ever hired to work as a glorified pizza boy. And the said pizza boy looked delighted with receiving direct orders from Captain America. Seriously, Tony had to fight an urge to chase Coulson down the corridor and wave his wedding ring into the agent’s face, but he was above such acts of childish jealousy.
"Tony," Steve said coldly, needing his husband's support on this one.
"This wasn't what I meant by you doing something!" Tony yelled back, trying to contain purring Figaro in his arms.
"If they want to renew, they have to buy the license again and pay for it," Tony added.
"Ah, thanks," the girl smiled, turning more into his direction and leaving the boy she came with unattended. "It is from the new collection from Madam Viper-"
Oh right.
“Just one more finishing touch,” Red Velvet said, walking to the vanity station. She patted in some more white foundation into her lips and used a red lip pencil to draw a pair of heart-shaped lips, so different from Tony’s lips and yet so fitting. Her hand hovered over the many lipsticks before she chose a one and applied it in a skilled, slow move. Then transparent lipgloss to give it some shine. “I usually like to do it as the last thing,” she replied, making a kissy face in the mirror and checking if the lipstick was applied evenly and wasn’t on her teeth.
"You were kinda loud today," Steve said, on a similar note to Tony's earlier comment, stating a fact.
“Babe…”
“And some schools contacted us, they want you to do some pep talk for the kids -”
Steve stepped into the spacious workshop. Before he noticed any people, he saw the cars first and whistled quietly. Those were some expensive brands. No surprise here, as those workshops were considered one of the best.
He was stuck between two crying people, absolutely not knowing what to do. What was worse, those were the last two people he wanted to see upset.
“I was thinking we could eat outside, but you ruined it,” Steve continued to complain, beating egg whites for omelets. He already cut up some fresh fruits for a fruit salad, made freshly squeezed orange juice and had chopped mushroom and sweet bell peppers on hand, ready to toss in the eggs mixture when needed. It was quite amazing how well stocked in fresh vegetables and fruits Tony’s kitchen was.
Steve's eyes turned a bit soft at the sight. Yeah, it was cute. And the plushies were really well made and detailed, not like some plushies that didn't resemble anything.
“Fried rice then,” Tony decided, still feeling a bit weak in the knees after the kiss. But it felt good. As if they made it official. It felt even more than good.
"Ha! Straight!" Arrow hollered, swirling prosecco in her tall glass. "Your boyfriend is so cute, Red."
“Ummm,” Tony thought for a bit, blowing a raspberry with his mouth. “I personally don’t like the term, but I guess I fall into a category of a fish drag.”
"Uh, what are you doing here, man?" Red finally asked, sounding a lot more like Tony, than Red Velvet. Bianca del Rio was a busy woman, traveling and performing all around the globe since she won that show which name slipped Tony's mind.
"Poooops! Tell dad to back off!" came a whine after a while. Seemed that Peter was not able to reason with Tony. Not many could, really.
Tony just blinked, not understanding.
Tony hmphed in offense and put both hands under the table. It was a small round table, made for two, and he didn't have to reach far and Steve jumped, feeling five fingers quickly clawing on his knees.
"Mhm- Steve! Hah!"
“This is just your tummy and you already are so ticklish. It is a very promising start.”
There was something really, really comforting in wakening up in the arms of your beloved person. That was why Tony was so surprised when the good morning kiss he wanted to place on Steve’s cheek was met with a palm pressing to his face and keeping him away.
"Pops! Stoop!" Peter called, the whole situation causing him to smile. It was just like when he was little and Steve used to play rough house with him all the time. Just that back then, Steve used to force him in submission either by blowing raspberries on his cheeks or tickling him, but Peter was definitely too old for this now -
Tony groaned, almost sliding off the chair. “In my defense, you were not supposed to see this,” he said, sounding and looking embarrassed.
"You. Both of you. If you could just hear yourself. You two are exactly the same," Steve continued to laugh.
The temporary comfortable feeling was gone again and Sarah felt out of place once more. She had an open mind and was willing to accept many things, but didn't like to be lead astray. She was a patient woman, but enough was enough. Sarah opened her bag and reached for the phone when she noticed a familiar face near the bar and a smile immediately jumped on her lips. "Sam!" she called, waving to Steve's friend.
"He is," Tony confirmed, finishing the pop tart and putting his empty mug aside, "but not for your lame bro time, but for my fabulous girls time."
"It is over, Steve," Tony panted out, rolling on his back and lying flat on the cool ground. "They got me. I am dead. You can go on without me."
Steve felt really good and maybe he would extend his stay, but then the hour for him to leave came.
There was a ripping sound and Steve felt every hair pulled out from his skin. His mouth opened in a scream, eyes watered from the pain.
"Shhh, you want to go back to bed? Let's try. There you go."
It was when Steve finally looked. It was like in slow motion for him. He saw Tony on the screen, his Tony, becoming a little red under the collar in the pressure and seeming overwhelmed, and a blushing Wanda. Not thinking much, and being carried solely on the moment, Steve took Tony's wrist and pulled him up to a standing position, pinning his lips against Tony's in a long kiss, not wasting any second.
"I am gonna ask you again, maybe this time you will get it right," Bucky clapped in his hands, his grin spreading, "hey, Steve, how's your head?"
It was a change for sure. Steve turned his hands and looked at the fronts and bottoms, quite liking what he was seeing. Who would have thought that hands could look so nice?
Tony puffed his cheeks out, clearly irritated by the game. He spoke into the intercom again.
Slowly, Tony started to smile, Sarah's words getting into him and soothing him. It was a good beginning.
Tony laughed, and Steve decided to not interfere, even if the bonding time was happening at his expanse. Instead of taking part in the conversation, he got a plate and piled some cream puffs on it, digging in. Sarah eagerly explained every photo and Tony was taking it all in, smiling and nodding and asking questions. At that moment, Steve started to wonder if Tony had any photos from his childhood because Steve would love to see them one day.
“Um…” Steve started, feeling unsure. “You know that I don’t plan anything bad, don’t you?” he asked To— Red Velvet, and maybe it was naive, but he had to make sure.
"Dogs are messy. Cats are better."
"Dear, don't talk with your mouth full," Sarah reprimanded, glancing briefly at her son, and focusing back on the photos. "Here is Steve when he was eight years old."
"Ah! Wait, Steve!"
"You like it?" Tony asked, getting impatient with the lack of reaction.
“Hi,” the guy smiled at Steve, “you have guests today?” he asked, turning back to Red Velvet, or Red as she was called.
Until this one moment.
"Dude, seriously?" Steve asked, blankly. Sam was also wearing a hairnet, although he kept his hair in a buzz cut.
"I am not allowing you to get that preppy-slicked extremely boring hairstyle!" Tony spat out, gesticulating vividly with the comb. Steve stared at his boyfriend's reflection, lips quirking into a smile, as he didn't understand what the big deal was. He and Tony had been getting ready for a charity gala, and Steve, after a quick shower, just wanted to comb his hair. That shouldn't cause any controversies, right?
The corner of Steve’s mouth quirked up in a small smile. “Of course. A shield is only good if it’s shielding you.”
“What—?!  ...Ew.”
Steve crossed his arms, leaning against the wall just outside the doorway of the bedroom—
Tony snorted.  "The kind of dinner plans I can get behind."
“No kidding,” Tony said.
Tony blinked at him, a lot.  "Uh-huh," he said faintly.
"You should take this off."  Tony's voice was low, husky with want, and Steve shuddered at the sound of it.  Obediently, he started pulling at the tabs of his jacket, stripping off the blue kevlar to reveal the plain white t-shirt he wore beneath.  Tony trailed his lips over Steve's cheek, oh-so-gently brushing over the cheekbone and dotting small kisses as he moved towards the jaw, then towards the ear—
Steve could feel it.  Tony was more than a body’s length away in a chair, and Steve could
Steve slowly pulled away, thumbs rubbing circles into the skin above Tony’s ears. His cheeks were red and his eyes bright even in the dim light of the tent. “I shouldn’t excite you,” he said, sounding rather breathless. “You’re still recovering.”
. He cleared his throat, refocusing on Steve. “But you don’t want to spend all your time protecting me, do you? Don’t you have your team to find?”
“I shouldn’t…” Steve turned his head further, nose brushing against Tony’s jaw. His breath was warm against Tony’s skin, and he had to repress a shudder, grateful that no one else was here to see them like this. It felt far too intimate.
“Of course,” Steve said. “That was before I led my unit. They, uh…didn’t quite think I had it in me. So I supported the war effort in other ways.”
of, or else he would have been happy to show Steve...
Gwen groaned and did it again, grinding down against Tasha’s leg, and Tasha gave a bitten-off whimper in response.
It was freezing cold away from the warmth of the campfire, and Tony wrapped his arms around himself, shivering as he walked over to the base of the boulder. “You okay out here?” Steve didn’t like the cold. …Right?
Within seconds, it had crossed the once-crowded room, coming to a stop in front of her.  Tasha cowered behind her, putting Gwen’s greater height and mass between her and the Iron Man.  Futilely, Gwen raised a tray snagged from the hand of a fleeing waiter, but it did no good: Tasha dove out of the way as the Iron Man fired again, much harder this time.  The tray was ripped out of her hands like cardboard and Gwen heard a ringing sound as her head smacked, hard, against the floor.  Her body spasmed as she was buffeted by a second stunning blow from the Iron Man, this one hitting while she was down, deflected by nothing.  Stars danced in front of her eyes, and a single, high-pitched note sang in her ears.
“There you go. Look on the bright side.”
They couldn’t be that badly bruised if there wasn’t much external bruising.
“I don’t even know why I bother,” Rhodey said, sighing, handing the flashlight back over. “We going forward?”
it felt amazing!  Tony's mouth was so hot, and the thin cotton of Steve's shirt made the caress rough and scraping rather than slick, without being painful.  Tony scraped his teeth over the nipple, holding it between them rather than fully biting but with the nipple surrounded by wet cotton Steve wasn't going anywhere, and Steve found himself pleading, begging Tony for more.
Steve’s hips jerked in the air.  The last thought he had was to snake his left hand down between his stomach and the bed, cupping it just far enough under his dick that Tony could see that he wasn’t touching it, and then he was coming, his cock swaying with the movements of his hips as he thrust and thrust into nothing.
peeved that he couldn’t be the one to tell Steve himself. “Well,” he said lightly, “he’s not your father, is he?”
Gwen snorted and flipped them.
a scattered brain.  Never focused, but so brilliant that it never mattered.”  She paused, remembering.  “I wasn’t an area of any particular interest, not beyond what he had for any of the rest of his projects.”
Steve frowned, reaching stupidly up to feel around the metal device.  “I think I broke it.”
The last thing Gwen heard as the door punched into place was the click, click, click of Tasha’s pointy heels moving away down the corridor.
“Is that a bad angle?  Your shoulders are tilted, that looks uncomfortable...  You can set down the plug, you know.”
Steve nodded and ripped.  The negligee was silk and therefore surprising strong, but Steve was stronger.  He felt his biceps bulge and his pecs twitch beneath the silk as he strained, and then the filmy fabric ripped, tearing in two right down the center, leaving his chest, stomach, and genitals plain to Tony’s view.
But it didn’t add up. His pulse points were the same as a human. He breathed the same as a human. He
For his part, Tony wasn’t entirely sure how he was supposed to react. A serum? What kind of serum? Evidently not the Zemo kind since Steve didn’t look crazy. He said as much, grinning all the while.
over the bond and Stark choked.  He tore at Steve’s collar, giving him access to golden skin, and sank his teeth in over the collarbone, right where it would sting and ache and bruise the most.
Rhodey gave him a look when Tony told Jarvis that he and Steve would be sitting in the back, a look that said he and Tony would be having words.
Stark snarled instead, tightening his grip in Steve’s hair, pulling Steve’s head back even further on his neck.
“Or!  Or.  We could attach it to a wall.”  Tony was spitting the fantasy out as a torture, now; Steve listened, his hips hitching helplessly as he drove the plug in and out of himself.  “The vibe.  Attach it sideways and let you rut back against it like a bitch in heat.  Like you’re doing now.  Would you like that?”
Steve liked watching Tony; liked observing the world, in general.  Something about taking note of the tiny details was satisfying to him, was one of his strengths as an artist.  In architectural studies, he was able to note down the imperfections in form which brought realism: the broken downspout on the far corner, the uneven cornices, the cracked sidewalk...
And that shield. Was he
Tony wasn’t claustrophobic, but it was getting slightly hard to remember that with how long they’d been in here with only his flashlight for illumination. Having Rhodey here helped, but what didn’t was the squirming in his stomach or the buzzing in his ears.
Tony blinked, lips tingling from where Steve had been kissing him only moments before. He felt dazed, the entire world having shifted on its axis in some imperceptible way (Steve kissed him,
As Steve watched, Tony stiffened slightly, having come to the part of the whatever-he-was-watching that he was really paying attention to.  His gaze sharpened like a wild thing’s, his head tipping forward by inches.  The hand at his knee stilled, then began rubbing and flattening over the kneecap, instead.
he pulsed along the bond.
The truck they’d taken to drive to this remote village had two seats in the front and space for about two people in the back in addition to all the supplies they’d taken. Rhodey had sat in the back on the way here, but Tony didn’t want to sit in the front this time (away from Steve).
Ten mystical rings that each did something whacky and ridiculous but all added up to something that no sane man would go up against? (Tony would say he was sane; his friends begged to differ given the hijinks he got into.) That also seemed like a cool story told to kids at bedtime but was another fact of life for Tony that he wished had never happened.
Steve took the issue, studying the front page for a few moments before meeting Tony’s eyes again. “I thought it was red and gold?”
close to coming, and Tony’s mouth was moving, which meant he was talking Steve through it—on the screen, again, but also in Steve’s memory, because Tony talking him through to orgasm that first time was something he was
But there was something in the mountains.
Tony fumbled for anything reflective, remembered that he had a metallic shield, and moved to hold it to the man’s lips before remembering that the shield was freezing cold and the likelihood of anything showing up would be—
“The next time you come...” he said slowly, still not raising his eyes from the messy juices on the floor, “would you be willing to come over here and aim it at me?”
Gwen felt her breath catch in her throat and let it.  She licked her lips, then bit the lower one hard enough to sting before letting it go and licking it again, her tongue lingering on the abused flesh.  “What—”  She coughed, clearing her throat.  Her eyelids were drooping without her consciously deciding to let them, because Tasha had looked fierce and terrible and beautiful in that moment.  “What in the
“He’s got a pulse and he’s breathing.”
It didn’t take as long to get out as it had to get in. Steve was in remarkably good shape considering he’d been frozen in an ice block for an undetermined amount of time (
“I’d lick over your hole before I went in it.  Wide swipes of my tongue, over and over again.  It might catch on the rim, once in a while, but mostly it would just make you feel puffy, sensitive.  You’d probably come at least once.”
“I would have just kissed it, first.  Little kisses, all around your pretty, pretty hole...  Almost delicate things, really.  This close to ticklish.”
Gwen snapped her own panties as easily as she had Tasha’s shirt, and the dress practically sang in relief at being allowed to roll up over the curve of her backside.  She allowed Tasha to position her hands so that she braced on the doorway, permitted her legs to be kicked apart until they hit the edges of the frame so that Tasha could position herself between them, head and shoulders bracing Gwen’s legs apart.
. It felt like it was pressing down on his shoulders, and the prickling at the back of his neck was constant now.
to have equivalent imperfections, the human equivalent of a pigeon’s nest on the roof, but whenever Steve went looking for them, he missed the flaws in his entrancement over the movement.
that from the sound of Steve’s voice?). “But I know we weren’t here, that we were somewhere on the ground in Europe. It might have been Germany – probably was. We were looking for something.”
But when it came to drawing Tony, Steve always felt like he couldn’t quite get it right.  Tony’s face, he knew,
“Of course you can—the third option is the one where I set you up against a dildo—or a vibrator, even better—and let you fuck yourself onto it.”
“Oh, tell me you’re not going to—Jesus, Steve!”
Tony’s hand shifted, and Steve saw him grip the base of his cock, low, squeezing hard.
“Not that cold,” Steve murmured. “I don’t know what happened. To me or to my team. Are they all right? Did they make it out? Do they think I’m dead?”
“He was,” Tony said. “The man he is now…” He swallowed, a pang wrenching his heart. “He’s as good as dead after what HYDRA did to him. It’s a serum, and it took years to take effect on him and turn him into what you saw. He’s modified it since and they…they want me for the next Zemo. Only it won’t take as long if they ever manage to get their hands on me.”
“Shit,” Tony said, finally leaning across the bed for a pump of the lube.  His shoulders were loose, his head dragging to the side in relaxation.  “Yes, God.  Change video—”
“But tonight was
That’s perfect, just like that!”
“They didn’t use my face for it,” Steve continued. “Not really. I was just…a symbol.” He hesitated briefly. “They…called me Captain America.”
Steve broke away with a ragged gasp, pressing his face to Tony’s neck and shuddering. His face felt hot against Tony’s skin and his breathing rapid like he’d run a marathon without stopping.
Apparently, Stark really
Wrapped in each other’s arms, tangled together, smeared with the evidence of half a dozen orgasms between them, at last, they came to a halt.
“We won’t,” Tony said, looking ahead. Was there another hole in the wall there? He shivered briefly, a sudden spate of cold seeming to blow past him. “I…don’t think it’s much further.”
Tony paused at the door and turned back, eyes dark.  “Whatever you’re thinking about,” he said, “I want it.”
“Know what?”
He tears a tiny piece off the large main mass, stuffs it through the small aperture of the doll's neck, and then does it again.  There's something satisfyingly subversive about watching his thumb slip through the hole, pushing the white cotton wool.
“Tony – ”
“They turned to dust yeah,” Steve agreed, “But there were a few left behind. Okoye said they’d killed the stragglers though.”
“Don’t touch me!” Tony demands, his eyes darting around, fearful and so insane, “You don’t – I’m not yours. You don’t touch me.”
“What’s that supposed to mean?” Steve frowns and she rolls her eyes.
“Yes.” Steve tells him, “I’m back. Fury had a – it’s a long story.”
“Don’t do that,” Jess snaps, “Okay this is hard enough. And I don’t know anyone else willing enough to try.”
“A scan?” Jess frowns, repeating the message and telling Luke she doesn’t know why but for him to just
the stupid ones for not understanding.” She picks at her bottom lip with a nail, “He once told me he was worried about the sky. Said it looked angry.”
“I should get back.” He eventually says instead and Steve nods, “Do you – will he need anything?”
Tony stares down at his hand, surprised at the blood dripping down to his wrists, “Janet was just here too.” He whispers and Steve sighs, running a hand down his face.
“No.” Steve tells him, “And that wouldn’t be my call now anyway.” It’s a useless reminder. Tony looks like he’ll forget it in another hour or so. “I’m not on the team anymore. And neither are you.”
"In your day, she wouldn't be allowed to Vote." He countered and Steve looked at him.
In the meantime, he also had to raise a four-year-old who hadn't stepped outside once in her entire life and who felt like she deserved to. And she did but it just wasn't safe.
Steve stares at him, “Define
“Go back where?” He asks and Tony hunches over, putting his hands over his ears.
Her tone was beyond mocking and cold and despite his animosity against Clint, Tony found himself defending him, "Sounds like he might just be grieving. A lot of people blame us and to see your family turn to dust in front of you without any way to stop it or avenge them? I mean - I don't blame them for coming after the heroes supposed to stop this."
Tony stands, “We have to go get her!” He shouts, “She’s in the mansion, alone. The glow – she – there’s nothing there for her. She needs us.”
"And that makes it easier?" He scoffed, "You have people, you have
"Maybe." He folded his arms across his chest, "But as for you letting them go, that's a trust thing. You and I, we don't trust people and you
A mile away from the bunker, he stored his armour underground and walked the rest of the way to keep the its location as secret as he could. The Avengers were more than equipped with dealing with angry civilians but he had a child to think about and that was a risk he was never going to take. He entered the code to come inside and was met with warmth, the frost on his shoes melting on the Welcome rug.
“I had a book,” She told him, frowning, “Did I lost it?” Steve glanced up when Tony turned to look at him and he cleared his throat.
He steps into the bathroom when Tony doesn’t come out for a while and finds him asleep over the toilet lid. He sighs, picking him up and dropping him on the bed in his room. He takes a spare blanket for the sofa and promises himself that he’ll deal with this all in the morning. He’s too tired for it now.
“I’m sorry,” Tony continues, and Peter blinks, “For everything.” He smiles then and it’s achingly beautiful. Haunted. “I want you to know that.”
“Okay.” Steve nods, “Okay I’ll help you look.” He waves a hand at the wood, “It won’t be in there, so we need to look somewhere else.”
Clint stood in all black, his hair shaved thin and studded gloves on his hands. “Took you long enough to figure it was here.” He said, “Especially since you’ve gone there about five times a month.”
He lunges forward and grabs Tony by the arm again, hauling him out and lifting him over the window’s ledge. Tony yells and tugs on his grip but he doesn’t let go this time, not until they’re back in the meeting room. He stands on the table and pulls Tony up.
. He’d had to get to Anna.
"We don't know it was all of them, he could have someone with him."
“Did you ever stop to wonder that maybe all this is too much for one man?” He asks and Logan snorts.
His heart pounded behind the repulsor pump, and Tony spared a brief thought for the remaining charge. It would be fine. He still had a few days left and that was without using the suit. Which he wouldn’t be doing right now because it was packed in a crate.
If Tony’s eyes didn’t deceive him, it seemed like Steve’s cheeks were slightly flushed as he pressed back against Tony’s foot.
Maybe, when he's done, he'll have enough yarn left over for a scarf.  That would be nice.
“Not selfish at all,” Tony said, lips quirking into a small smile. “I’m grateful, too. I’m in this gig for the adventure, not just finding a cure. I’m sorry you got dragged in my mess.” He hesitated, then asked, “What happened to Zemo?”
Steve was wrestling with his opponent, and it seemed for an instant that it could go either way considering his opponent had muscles the size of Tony’s head. But then Steve wiggled and suddenly the minion’s head went slamming into the side of the truck.
Reaching out to touch the ice again, ignoring Rhodey’s disgruntled muttering, Tony noted that it still had a ways left to go before it was entirely melted. He wasn’t planning on going anywhere in the meantime, so sitting and waiting here would have to do it.
where would they be?!
“No.” Steve hefted the shield up, face determined. “I’m going to go out first. You—”
There were voices from outside, Rhodey and Jarvis talking to each other about setting up meeting points and how to get back to the States. Tony spent a few moments soaking it in, reveling in the fact that he was
Tony was taking his time, stroking himself slowly.  Playing with it, almost.  He had the lube nearby, Steve could see it, but he wasn’t going for it yet, maybe because he had something planned that needed clean fingers or maybe just because he liked it dry.  The two of them hadn’t been together long enough for Steve to know for sure, yet.  They hadn’t even been together long enough for Steve to know about
But once Tony was gone, Steve got moving.  The first order of the day was talking to FRIDAY, getting Tony's schedule for the day laid out and arranging that certain portions of that schedule would remain fixed in time, no matter what distractions and shenanigans Tony got up to in Cleveland.
“You don’t—” Tony started.
Steve grinned and set Tony on his feet, bending over to reach for the faucet.  Oh, hey, that felt... interesting...  Steve reached around for the plug, dropping it on the floor of the tub.  “I’ll say we do.”
Steve sighed, head dropping. “Why am I not surprised?”
as the orgasm exploded through her, trying to get Tasha as close to her as humanly possible to coax her through it, and Tasha obliged, stroking over her clit with her tongue even as her mouth kept a steady pressure on it as Gwen pulsed, and pulsed, and pulsed, hanging from the doorway in the delicious weightlessness of pleasure.
“Are we leaving?” Steve picked up the shield, not even looking at it as he set into place on his back. “Or was there another reason you’re here?”
“You keep me warm,” Steve said finally, one hand coming between them to find Tony’s and hold it. “But let’s go back.”
Steve smiled.  Meeting Tony’s eyes, he licked the last of the pearly mess off his palm.  Tony had liked that, he remembered, when he had done it last night.
“Zemo didn’t know me,” Steve said. “And he…he’s always been like a dog with a bone when it came to me. He and Red Skull.”
Tasha gritted, rictus grin on her wine-painted lips as she did, in fact, pass Gwen another glass.
But the best laid plans of mice and men…
“If I did it enough times, I could watch my come pool in your fucked-out hole.”
Tony was a body in motion, always.  Even now, expressions danced across his face, and one of Tony’s hands was tap, tap, tapping against his knee.
“Please.”
her father's daughter.
Gwen turned her head, staring into Stark’s eyes from mere inches away.  “SHIELD continues to think I want to be the only person in the world still living like it’s 1945—and I don’t understand
It didn’t take long; Gwen was just starting to think that maybe she should get a hand involved instead of using them both to hold Tasha in place when Tasha bucked against her mouth, screaming at the ceiling and thrashing.  A gush of clear, sea-tasting fluid came out of her, soaking Gwen’s throat, her dress, and her still-exposed breasts.
,” he added, a faraway look in his eyes, “did it did it because there wasn’t any going back.”
Tony raised an eyebrow, gesturing to the bleak but beautiful landscape around them. “I don’t fancy getting lost. I’m an adventurer, not some maniac with a death wish.”
“What do you mean?” Steve’s grin faded slightly, his brow furrowing. “I thought it was light?”
“Heels,” Gwen said, nodding to the place in the mirror where Tasha’s pointy, red-bottomed shoes reflected.  Then she looked a question at Cole, instead, and a second later accepted the offered cigarette with a grateful smile.  She tucked it into her mouth and then spoke around it, “I never could get the hang of those, not when I was—smaller—and not now.”  Not to mention, the heels had never been quite so...
“Easy, Steve.  God, look at you...  I could watch this forever, you’re just so...”  Tony’s words trailed off as Steve brought his hand out of his hair again, sucking his thumb into his mouth.  A glance at the mirror showed his lips were red and glistening already where they wrapped around the digit.
“Tony, please, just come over here—”
“I know he put a lot of effort into finding out.”
“I trust you,” Steve told him, the hand on the crate flexing slightly. “I trust you with my life. I have no reason to – not really – but something in me just…”
It still wasn’t enough, though.  He switched to his middle finger—longer than his index, and a slightly better angle; he was able to bend it inside of himself—and then, relubing once again, up to two.
The conversation shifted to more neutral lines, focusing on some of the (heavily edited) missions Steve had run and the adventures Tony had gotten into (also edited but only slightly; Steve was getting more of the truth than Tony’s readers did). None of Steve’s missions seemed remotely familiar to Tony or Rhodey, and it seemed incredibly unlikely that he would have been such a secret that neither of them would have heard of him.
“…I’ll give you that one. Maybe it’s a caveman temple?”
“That I’m not from here. That my team isn’t here. That whatever happened to put me in that cave where you found me, it pulled me from my home. You knew that.”
Steve was abruptly, inevitably conscious of his own hardness, the aching throb of his cock in his pants.  He watched as Tony’s head tilted back on his neck, the angle of his arm changing as he found his own hole and sunk in.  Probably two fingers; Tony had a lot of lube on his hands already, and he did like to go fast...
“Magic, man,” Rhodey said with a sigh, looking down at his half-eaten ration with a vaguely disgusted expression that somehow still suggested he was determined to finish it. “I don’t know why I’m surprised. At this point, anything that’ll fix your heart is going to be magic and not science.”
Tasha’s face was gray, her eyes glassy.  She said, “Huh,” and looked like she was about to puke.
). This man couldn’t (why
“I wouldn’t call it a joking matter,” Jarvis said reprovingly.
And yet…while Tony couldn’t tell Rhodey what Steve’s favorite food was, how his face looked like when he laughed or ate something disgusting, what kind of books he liked to read, or what his hopes and dreams were, he couldn’t help but think that he already knew everything most important. Like that Steve was good down to his core, that he wouldn’t ever waver from his convictions (that thought sent a cold shiver down his spine for some reason), and that he absolutely
They both went still, afterwards, Gwen because every muscle in her body had simultaneously gone on holiday, and Tasha because...  Gwen wasn’t sure why, actually.  In just a minute, Gwen was going to muster the strength to look at her instead of blinking stupidly at the ceiling.  In just... a minute...
Holy shit.
And then Gwen’s arms
the armor, anyway?
but that Tony was able to—
“Hired a bodyguard, did you?” Zemo asked. “How banal. I expected more of you.”
“‘Cut off one head, and two more shall take its place,’” Rhodey quoted, disgust in his tone. “We just can’t get rid of them. I mean, we’ve tried. They really do like Tony.”
isn't why he's going to Hell.
Tony preferred being optimistic, but even he was slowly running out of optimism with every dead end he ran into.
going to be that Jarvis—that’s Jarvis on the speaker; say hello, Jarvis—”
“Holy
She sighed, subtly trying—failing—to shift in her bonds, and rolled her eyes.  “Come on, Tasha, how dumb do you think I am?!”
Tasha laughed, low and sultry, leaning in again to reclaim Gwen’s mouth.  She kissed like a foregone conclusion, powerful and sweeping, then pulling back and nibbling, tasting,
that infused his words.  “This is the greatest present I’ve ever gotten in my life, and it’s not even my birthday.  And I know this isn’t your thing, not really.  You just thought it would make me happy, right?”
Steve smiled again, more nervously this time.  "I thought you might like it.  You direct the show—I'll do whatever you want—and you just... watch."
“Hello, Captain Rogers.”
“Okaaayyy.” Rhodey drew the word out, eyeing Tony worriedly. “You know that how?”
Rhodey’s expression softened. “Of course, man.”
Shit, shit,
hard he had gotten, though, and without even noticing, that was interesting.  He closed his hand around himself brusquely.  It didn’t take much, only five short strokes before he was spattering the sides of the shower in white blots and ribbons.
Tasha rolled her nipple between her teeth once more, and then released it.  “C’mon,” she muttered, tugging against Gwen’s grip, trying to move her mouth upward.  Gwen let her, and she placed savage bites along Gwen’s chest as they rocked together.  “Come on, come for me—come against me,
Tony almost said “you know me,” but stopped before the words came out. The truth was…Steve
again.
Finding a Tony who was awake and, apparently, masturbating?  That was a surprise.  A very pleasant surprise, though...
“No, but…” Rhodey made a face, glancing back in the direction they had come from after playing an intricate game of charades and “do you understand this?” with the locals. “We don’t know anything about we’re going into. Usually there’s more to the myths and legends we’re looking into but this? We’ve got the barest hint that there might be something here from an old story from a guy who went crazy from living in the mountains.”
“Well, we don’t know if he’s a friendly yet. Might be a reason he was down here frozen like that.”
And dear old Pepper… Well, she’d be out of a source to help write the adventures that kept
“You’re not covered in ants, Tony.”
“You should say, too.  Steve?”
“Tony?”
The man was strikingly handsome, jawline straight, nose unbroken, skin flawless, and eyelashes long.
“I’d sink back on your cock.”  Tony reached down and threw Steve’s legs apart, nudged him until Steve was sitting square on the plug, pressing it into himself.  He threw his leg over Steve’s so that he was sitting in Steve’s lap, grabbed Steve’s dick and wiggled until Steve could feel the slick, loose entrance of him pressed against the head.
“No,” Steve said fondly, resting a hand on the surface of the shield resting by him, “it isn’t.”
Her feet were pinned similarly to her hands, spread wide enough that she would have a difficult time getting leverage to break any bonds, and with just enough support under her that she could stand for some time, but not quite enough support that she could brace.  If she tried to put pressure on the frame with her arms, she realized, it would break and drop her, so that all her weight was on her ankles, instead; best not to do that, then.  The frame itself locked around her abdomen, a two-inch metal loop, and her neck, through some mechanism she couldn’t see, was restrained as well, so that she couldn’t snap her head forward, or even very far to the side.
watched
Only Tony couldn’t help but keep looking over his shoulder, just to see Rhodey there and no one else. Or rubbing at his exposed skin when it prickled like he was getting goosebumps but not quite.
Tony didn’t immediately answer, considering. “Where do you think we are?” he said instead.
“What do you propose to do about that,
“Sure am,” Tony said, smiling easily. “So are you. Didn’t have enough sleep before?”
Tony must have made a sound or something because Steve woke up with a small start, eyes flying open and his entire body jerking to an upright position like he was going to attack someone. It was a few seconds before the tension seeped out of Steve’s frame and he relaxed, evidently realizing that there was no one here save for Tony and him.
but he was an optimist. …When it suited him and this definitely suited him).
“I couldn’t,” Tony said, which was the only answer he had. “I
Steve kissed him, both hands coming up to frame Tony’s face. Steve’s lips were
Tony would have said no and then blown their base up for kicks before they injected him with the Zemo serum.
“And engineer,” Tony said. “But I mostly go for adventuring. Why do you think we found you?”
socks.
for Gwen, she
“Well, here’s another question,” Rhodey said. “How come we haven’t heard of you?”
“Well, well, well.  I have to admit, I am a little disappointed in you, Miss Rogers.”
They rolled when they landed, Tasha ending up on top, straddling one of Gwen’s powerful thighs.  She shot Gwen a
Oh, God, the praise should not mean so much to Steve, not when he was the one who had set this whole thing up in the first place.  “I love you, Tony.”
The car apparently came with a minibar.
Steve smirked around the mouthful of panties.
Probably both, actually.
But it didn’t branch off, which meant they wouldn’t get lost or have to use the chalk they had in their pockets for exactly these kinds of situations.
touching her lightly, too lightly, a tease compared to the tugging, sucking explosion of sensation which was Tasha’s mouth.
Tony corrected.  He sent a mental comparison of the sizes.
“Seriously, you’ve never heard of
Gwen smiled serenely, took the dare, and said nothing.
“For short distances,” Tony said. “It’s a bit too heavy for anything longer.”
Stark put her hand on Gwen’s waist as they exited the car.  “One more thing,” she said when it was just barely too late for Gwen to respond.  “Call me Tasha.”
“That…does tend to happen.” Tony pulled his shoulders in, one hand covering the repulsor plate.
Tony wrapped his arms around Steve from behind and rubbed his face against Steve’s back.  Possibly that was affection; also possibly, Tony had dried come on his face and it was itching.
When it was finally done, Steve slumped forward, still holding his cock and handful of warm come.
Stark shrugged, smirked.  “I’m rich,” he said dismissively.  “So— pretty much no.”
Steve was so mad he was shaking.  That arrogant, idiotic, foolhardy, showboating
He had to shift his grip a bit to obey, wrapping his fingers around the plug instead of just pushing at the base.  His hole ached and spasmed as he pulled it out— the width of it tugged at him, stretched him wide as it pulled free.  He pushed it back in immediately, firmly, setting up a rhythm that was almost, but not quite, enough.  He shuddered against the sheets.
It was morbid yet…a thrill of excitement ran down Tony’s spine.
They both fell silent, enjoying the moment.  Steve even dropped into a doze.  The room was warm, and Tony was an awfully wonderful weight on top of him...  Nothing wrong with dropping off to sleep, just for a moment...
Eventually, however, even the faint path they were following trailed off into nothing, and it was up to Tony to figure out where to go. He hesitated briefly before continuing on, striking a path that gradually led them upwards deeper into the mountains.
“Can’t say the name’s familiar.”
Tony turned, taking a half-step back when Steve sidestepped in front of him. “Zemo.”
“Thank you for telling me.” Steve’s hand tightened reassuringly where it was still covering Tony’s. “This is probably selfish of me but…I’m glad you found me.”
“I should say yes…” Steve looked down to where Tony’s hand was touching his arm. Tony went to retract it, only to stop when Steve placed his own hand over his. “But I don’t want to. I don’t want to keep hoping and be let down when we find nothing. When I already have what I need right here.”
“I did get here two minutes earlier,” Steve said easily.  “I wanted to watch.”
“Oh, but you were the one who set the rules of this little adventure, remember?  I’m just doing what you said!”  The dark delight carrying Tony’s words sent happy shivers down Steve’s spine.
The Himalayas were an imposing sight looming over the village, but the village wasn’t nested at the base of the range. Some villages did that, houses built practically on the slopes of ridiculously steep hills that made Tony’s calves ache to think about all the walking the inhabitants had to do. This one didn’t, although there was a dirt path meandering into the foothills.
No sooner had the thought crossed his mind than he was leaning forward, trying to see what Tony was looking at while still keeping his weight pressed back on his heels, at the edge of the hallway so the floor didn’t squeak.  (It was Stark Tower and the floors probably didn’t squeak anyway, but Steve had learned his sneaking skills a long time ago and wasn’t planning on changing them now.)
“Mm-hmm?”
is the trap!”
There was a loud shout from the front, followed by a sharp jerk of the truck that had Tony slamming into the crate to his right, suddenly grateful that they were packed in like sardines back here. It would have been worse if there’d been more room.
“Not a zombie?” Rhodey asked.
“Oh, yes.  Get on the bed, Steve.  On your knees, ass towards that camera, there—by the way,
“How passionate,” Zemo sneered, readying the gun for another shot. “I had no idea you cared so much for your bodyguards, son.”
Tony's mouth dropped open half an inch, and his tongue snaked out to touch his bottom lip.  His eyes were on fire.  "Watch," he said.  The word came out of him like a snake's hiss.
“Do you remember what happened?” Tony asked once the shivering had subsided some. Steve didn’t pull away and Tony didn’t either (he didn’t want to look closely at why; Rhodey was already eyeing the two of them weirdly).
“I’m always happy for another friend to go adventuring with,” Tony said.
The last thing Tony saw past Rhodey’s concerned face was Steve’s, ashen white.
. It’s not like anyone knows where they are.”
Whatever it would end up being.
He shouldn’t be. He’d been
“I don’t.” Steve shifted, placing a hand over the torn cloth on his right side. “Was there anyone else here?” He sounded half-hopeful and half like he was expecting the answer to be no.
The party was drivel, unfortunately.  There was more glad-handing, just like Gwen had done in all her “meetings,” but this time paired with mediocre wine and out of season strawberries.  Gwen kept a smile on her face and batted her eyes a lot; after a few minutes, Stark—Tasha, she supposed she should call her now—seemed to get the joke, because the hard light in her eyes got twinkly-er, and she started introducing Gwen to men who, it had to be said,
“Red silk g-string,” Stark grinned.
though.  And... other portions of his anatomy.
herself backwards.  “Right,” she said, running her hands down her hips and turning away sharply.  “Right.  Let’s get Cole in here to do your hair, shall we?  I don’t do hair, you might have noticed—”
“I’d use a support, set up the vibe so that it stays upright for you, let you ride it.”  Tony’s voice was rough and happy, his breath going out on him.  Soft sounds of wet motion provided counterpoint to every gasping breath.  Steve tugged a little harder on his ass, trying to show the camera, and Tony, a good angle on the plug fucking him open.  He got a groan and an oath and grinned into the blanket.
There was something
The door to the cell hissed pneumatically as it started to close.
“A story’s a story,” Tony said, even if he shared those exact doubts.
The day she met Tasha Stark, there was nothing different from the usual pattern to raise her suspicions: notice that she had a meeting came a tad later than usual, but, as the breathless aide assured her on the way down the hallway, “Miss Stark is a very busy woman; we don't ever get much notice of meetings with her, no one does.”
“‘Possibly’?”
“There’s a person here,” Tony blurted out, reaching out despite himself to touch the ice covering the legs. Cold water seeped through his gloves, and he pulled them off before he could rethink the notion, stuffing them into his pockets before touching the ice again.
“That didn’t seem much like ‘watching.’ Unless I’m missing something and you can watch someone while you’re sleeping?”
Her shoes were very pointy, and at least four inches tall.  At
“Yes,” Steve responded, surprising Tony. “But I would have heard of you.”
Gwen twisted her hips over and over again, pressing into Tasha’s knee, even as Tasha blew cool air over her aching nipple and moved to the other breast.  Tasha’s hands were hard against her shoulders, holding her down just right, and then Tasha’s teeth closed over her tit and Gwen threw her head back, knocking it against the floor.  “Good!  Yes!”  She grabbed Tasha’s head by the hair, pulling and holding her in place, and ground herself down against Tasha’s thigh, loving the pressure of it, the feralness of rutting.
Tony tilted his head, watching the little he could make out of Steve’s face. “You remember?”
And then she broke out of her chains.  Broke all of them, her wrists, her ankles, her throat, peeling herself away from the imprisoning frame limb by limb, her muscles bulging as she exerted her true strength for the first time this century. Tortured metal shrieked as she tore it apart, thudding to the ground in pieces as Gwen stepped down and away from it.
Rubbing his eyes, Tony shook his head and pressed onward. Only to stop abruptly because there
There was a sharp inhalation that wasn’t from Rhodey, along with a faint groan. Tony’s head jerked from where it was bent over the shield, and he saw the man grimace, nose wrinkling.
Steve had been out of town for three days, two of them dealing with a situation in Argentina involving somebody improbably known as “Paste-Pot Pete,” and then one day debriefing about the glue-related mishap to the CIA.  Steve did that a lot, the debriefing with extant national agencies, so he still had his apartment in DC and could have spent the night there.  But he had
Steve looked down, then jerked his head back up again.
“Like an orgasm,” Steve blurted.  “When it’s—surging, you know?  It feels like I’m shooting, only
garment.  Great color on you, by the—”  His words cut off sharply.
Basically, when you knit, you go from one side to the other of your... whatever-you're-knitting.  Say a sweater.  You go from the left side of the sweater to the right, then turn the whole thing around and go right to left, stacking the rows one on top of the other like Donald Duck eating corn on the cob.
Tony had Rhodey, of course, but Steve was… Steve was different in a way he couldn’t explain. Having him at his back felt so utterly
much to bear, she would be escorted back to her room.
Steve didn’t answer immediately, and Tony couldn’t read his face in the dark. But then he shifted, head turning to look down at Tony. He reached a hand down, waiting for something until Tony realized that he was willing to pull him up.
Tony rolled over him and kissed him, slow and deep.  "You're usually good for plenty..."
But that
he had planned, and going forward was really the only way to test it.  So he just said, "Thanks, FRIDAY," and attempted to lounge sexily.  (Being able to adjust his pose using the camera and video screen helped.  He had casually set out a mirror-sided tissue holder on the bedside table so that he could see exactly what the screen showed, even with his back turned.)
“Tony being good in there?” Rhodey’s voice was loud, startling both of them. “He’s not supposed to do anything strenuous despite what he might be trying to tell you.”
And they did as soon as Steve was in the back of the truck and Rhodey pulled him aside.
Well, it wasn’t like they could camp on a vertical incline, was it?
Gwen rocked backwards and forwards,
be here?”
If one had no idea who that old friend was.
Steve groaned as he turned his head to the side.  Before his cock had even finished falling, it was filling again.
“Oh, believe me, I know,” Tony said, and he did: Steve could hear it in his voice, in the warmth, in the
Steve let out a shuddering exhale. “We were fighting HYDRA,” he said quietly. “But…something went wrong. Someone else was there. And he…” He frowned. “I…I don’t know what happened after that.”
“Something would’ve happened when I stepped in there,” Tony pointed out, glancing back. He turned the flashlight into the room, catching another glimpse of that strange metallic star. “Unless you want to throw a rock in there and see what happens?”
“That’s…a pretty small team there, Cap.” The nickname came out automatically.
of the likes of which he’d never had before since finding out Zemo was Howard Stark.
“A ring is a special plug with a hole like a doughnut.  It would hold you so open that I could see right through it.  Get one large enough, and I could
“Loosen your left hand.”
“There’s a lot your dad didn’t know about me,” she said evenly.
It was enough for Zemo to aim the gun again, this time at a Steve who was now on his feet and barreling towards them.
Later that day, Steve stopped helping pack up the camp to squint closely at Tony for several long moments. Then, once Tony had time to freak out and wonder if there was something grievously wrong with his face, Steve said, “I thought you had a…” He seemed to search for the right word. “Goatee? No, that’s not… Van Dyke?”
"...I was gonna rim you," he said eventually.
“Not really.” Steve sounded like he was smiling ruefully (and how did he
It shouldn’t have been erotic, really.  Tony wasn’t exactly wearing lingerie.  His legs were bare from thighs to ankles, but it wasn’t anything sexy, he was just lounging around in boxer shorts and socks.  He was wearing a t-shirt and hoodie, too... an MIT hoodie, and—Steve squinted, then grinned to himself—fuzzy
She was an impressive sight; her legs were long and tanned, lean muscles showing clearly under smooth, even skin.  Her hips were trim and flat, her butt round, again mostly from muscle.
Tasha’s fingers were warm—too warm, really—against her throat, checking her pulse and brushing against the over-heavy necklace she had been decked out in.  Gwen felt her pulse beating against those fingers, one, two, heavier than it should be.  Five, six.  She really needed to get up and fight the armor.
Tony had pulled up the video, Steve thought.  He wasn't really sure what that meant.  Had Tony just been frustrated by the day, looking to get off?  Was this Tony’s normal routine?  Steve had a flash of memory of the way his mother had always come home—in the early morning, since she had worked the night shift—and put the kettle on to boil before collapsing into a chair and dozing for the few minutes before the whistle.  The doze always helped her fall asleep, she said, and since their curtains were thinner than even their shirts, Steve had figured she would need all the help she could get once the sun was up.  Was this just Tony’s version of dozing while the kettle boiled?
Steve returned.  He pumped them again and again, breathing heavy into the musky, Stark-flavored gag, drooling into it and around it.  Moans rose up in his throat and he let them, groaning at the sweet sucking pain of Tony’s mouth on his neck, his collarbone, his chest...
There were six visible HYDRA minions that he could make out from his vantage point. There were probably more to the front where Jarvis and Rhodey had been.
Steve Rogers is going to Hell.  He's pretty sure, anyway.
Stark smiled crookedly.  “Yeah. Sorry.”
“That explains the uniform,” Tony managed, opening his eyes to meet Steve’s. He didn’t say
why Steve is so sure he's going to Hell.
Tony took a moment to reflect on why the hell Steve would just fling himself into an unknown situation before he moved forward and poked his head out, significantly more cautious than Steve had been.
Apparently, Tony remembered that moment, too:  he instructed FRIDAY to play the video from the beginning, listening in on their conversation about the “experiment,” lazily jacking himself as Steve-on-screen began to fidget.  It was, Steve knew, a moment before Steve-on-screen was going to look around and see the restraints now attached to the chair...
“I didn’t always look like this. It was the serum.” Steve’s smile was pained. “It fixed everything. And I think…maybe it can help you, too. If it’d work on anyone else, it’d have to work on you.”
Tony deliberately kept his face turned away, unable to help the twitching of his lips. He moved forward, keeping his flashlight facing forward and scanning the ground for any traps that might be set off. He didn’t expect any, but he hadn’t gotten to this point in his career by ignoring everything he’d learned.
“You haven’t found anything to fix this, have you?” Steve asked.
“They don’t look like caves.”
The door opened outward, Gwen discovered, but not in the normal way; it didn’t swing.  Instead, it pulled straight back all at once with a sound like Iron Man punching metal and hiss like a steam engine, then rolled slowly off to the left as if it weighed a couple of tons.  It probably
that, but he knew there were people with extra abilities. He just wasn’t one of them.
He waited until Steve had managed an affirmation, the bastard.  Steve’s cock was throbbing, the whole length of it.  The head around the stopper was agony.
“Good to know—then I won’t feel too guilty about this lace.”  She picked out a bra, stepping into Gwen’s space to hold it up against Gwen’s chest.  “Should work,” she observed.  “Here, put it on.”
War was many things, but it definitely wasn’t pretty. Once upon a time Tony’s heart would’ve kept him out of the danger but as Iron Man he hadn’t the luxury. Or at least Fury hadn’t cared about small details like that.
“Tony—I’m so close, Tony, please say I can come—”
“Hey now.” Rhodey sounded offended, glancing down at his not-insignificantly muscular arms in doubt.
crowd to stampede themselves to death.
They secured the rope to a convenient rock, and this time Rhodey – flashlight in mouth – was the one to go first, giving Tony a look that dared him to protest. He didn’t. He valued his hearing.
For a second, Tony didn’t say anything.  His eyes roved over Steve’s body with a look that was half awe, half calculation.  Steve felt it like butterfly kisses.
“It’s been a little while since you’ve been around,” Tony opted to say, even if that was a piss-poor excuse.
They drifted off into a doze, warm and together and in love.
So Gwen did.  She moved in so fast she almost tripped over the discarded pants, desperately diving in, messy and reckless.  Too fast and too hard, probably, but then again Tasha was moaning and sinking her hands into Gwen’s hair, pulling her in and looking down with wide, shocked eyes, so maybe Gwen was doing okay.
and the circularity of it was just—
He couldn’t quite tell how he knew where to go, but something in his gut told him this was the right way. It wasn’t anything that would fly with Rhodey, but a guess was a guess and they didn’t have anything better to go off of.
In lieu of anything better, Tony and Rhodey started out on that the next morning. Bright, early, and still rather bitterly cold. The sun hadn’t yet had a chance to warm the air, and their breath fogged the air.
“Steve…” Tony’s heart fluttered in his chest (thankfully not in the unhealthy way). “You don’t—”
“So,” Tony said once Steve was almost finished scarfing his food down. It was impressive, if not a little terrifying. Steve had eaten more than he and Rhodey combined within the last two days and Tony would really like to know where he put it. “I’ve got a question for you.”
Steve studied him for a long moment, and Tony wished he could see Steve’s face instead of the shadows he was left with. What could Steve see that could justify why he was looking for so long?
Tasha slunk inside, looking about as calm as a freshly-bathed cat.  She had changed clothes again, Gwen noticed, and was now in a much more comfortable looking ensemble of denim and a long-sleeved shirt.  Must be nice; Gwen’s too-small dress was threatening to pop up over her bottom altogether, and this room was really too chilly for the lack of coverage.  Tasha’s hair was shoved back, falling out of its carefully-moussed arrangement, and she must have forgotten she was wearing makeup, because her eyeshadow formed dark circles around her eyes that made her look incongruously young.  She glared at Gwen and skulked around the edges of the room, looking indignant.
Even if they usually ended not being there because the caves were actually caves and not holding life’s mysteries.
“Please, Tony, please, please,
The negligee was soft and light, barely weighing anything.  It hung from straps that were essentially just ribbons, and the neckline was almost straight—there was a mere hint of curve—before falling off diagonally to pass under his arms.  It would almost have been demure if it weren't transparent from the lace.
he tried to send— although it probably came through as just a rueful “whoops!” sort of emotion.
turn now, that she wanted to get her mouth on that delicious cunt of hers, and she moved her hand to reach for Tasha—
They leaned into the kiss at the same time, then relaxed, their foreheads pressing together.  Steve thought about what Tony was saying as he dropped one more kiss on Tony’s nose and took them down into the water together.  Tony cuddled into Steve’s chest as Steve lathered up that froo-froo plastic thing Tony used instead of a washcloth.
Steve loves the internet; so helpful.  The internet has all sorts of things, but one of the things it has is a whole slew of websites with knitting patterns.  Ravelry, of course, but there are others, too.   He's on one of those websites when he gets the idea.
“I’m Captain America,” Steve said finally, no sign of his uncertainty in his voice.
from his bag.
. This was something wholly unexpected and so neat that Tony was reminded of why he’d gone into this career choice to begin with. That it wasn’t just about his heart issues that brought him back to adventuring over and over again.
But they
Steve woke up as far as a half-daze when Tony urged him to take off his boots and go to bed properly, but by the time Steve had stripped off his pants and crawled under the covers—uncomfortable; he usually wore pajama pants, and his bare legs felt odd against the sheets—he was already falling back asleep.
“Better a rock than you.” Rhodey leaned down, picked up a decent sized rock, and lobbed it into the room before Tony could protest.
“It’ll be okay,” Tony finished.
“Look at it this way,” Tony said, trying for a lighthearted tone. “If they’re a zombie, we can say we successfully adverted an apocalypse. Again.”
The next morning was colder than it had been by the village, and they covered their tracks before setting off. They’d been followed too many times by enemies to take the chance that someone might be following them again and would run across their campsite.
“It’s not getting a paint job,” was all Tony managed to say. “Not here, anyway.”
“And if it’s
"Run your hand up over your neck,” Tony ordered.  Steve’s breath hissed out as he did it, trying to move slowly to keep it as sexy as possible.  His cock was achingly hard, hidden by the negligee and his own posture, throbbing around the stopper in the tip.  “Scratch a bit, nice—and then into your hair.  Pull it gently."
Tony’s hand was moving, now, quick short strokes near his tip, and his eyes were hot on Steve.  Steve reached down and palmed his own cock, handling it gently because of the hardware.  He flicked his eyes up to Tony as he touched himself.  The head of his cock was dark and purple, clear fluid leaking out around the plug, making him slick and so,
His voice sounded like he had been deepthroating Tony instead of just coming his own brains out, raspy as hell.
“Sorry,” Stark muttered.
“Nineteen-forty?”
He threw himself in-between the gun and Steve in the scant seconds he had, heard something that sounded like someone shouting his name, and then felt something blow him off his feet and to the ground several feet away from Zemo. He found himself staring up at the sky, gasping for air that wouldn’t come and feeling strangely numb.
into him, almost bringing him to his knees.  He let out a strangled gasp, and
Beyond the general instructions in the amigurumi book, he doesn't really have a pattern for this, so he makes it up as he goes.  The head forms up straightforwardly enough—the eyes fit in easily, to his relief—and then it's time for stuffing.
Short rows are a pain in the butt.  If you're not a knitter, you can't know the pain of them.
“It doesn’t look bad,” Steve said slowly. He said it with the tone of one who was trying to pacify someone who was wrong. “I mean,” he added, “you look good. You always do.” It took an instant before he seemed to realize what he’d said and proceeded to flush pink, ducking his head and returning to packing with a vengeance.
Ah.  Tony
Tony?”
Steve groaned and shook his head against the blanket.  His cock was throbbing with every word Tony spoke, and he was fucking himself so hard with his fingers he was about to come on them, so of course Tony picked this moment to say, “Pull your fingers out and hold your cheeks apart for me; I want to watch you twitch.”
longer. He wanted to find a solution and actually be able to
Gwen tried to think of who the last person to look at her with so much curiosity had been...
“After ripping us new ones, sure.” Tony exhaled, rubbing the back of his neck as his skin continued to prickle uncomfortably. “This isn’t the first time we’ve done this, Rhodey.”
“It’s taking you an awfully long time to do it,” Steve grumbled into the blanket beneath him.
“Steve…” Tony whispered, his trapped hand flexing. “We…”
Tony exhaled through his teeth, whistling softly under his breath. “Figure out who he is, where he came from. Preferably how he got here but I’ll take what I can get. Keep him out of the government’s hands. I’ll take it step by step.”
“Misquoting Shakespeare isn’t going to win you any points,” Rhodey said, sounding unimpressed.
Tony remembered the feel of Steve’s hand on his face, the way he had stroked at Tony’s chin with his thumb. A far more intimate gesture than most of his bed partners had ever given him.
Warmth bloomed in Tony’s chest, and he had to close his eyes and swallow against the sudden thickness in his throat. He didn’t know Steve (why did he keep telling himself this?), but he
This was utterly bizarre and new and so damn cool that Tony couldn’t help it. There was something else at work here, but it didn’t feel malevolent.
“Okay,” Steve breathed, pressing his forehead to Tony’s. “I’m glad. But still.”
necessary for a few things.  Steve always slips a few in the fronts of his sweaters, for one thing, because otherwise they're just too tight across the chest.
“Okay.” Rhodey let his hand drop. “You head on in there. I’ll stay here just in case for now.”
“A vibrator,” Steve reminded him.  His hole clenched up at the very thought.  He was still so oversensitive right now that even the air felt like a tease, but his cock was filling and pulsing again, already back in the game now that it was free of the restriction of the plug.
Stark ground against him again and caught at his hands, moving them until Steve had both of their cocks captured in his grasp.
“Stop.”
than I expected,” Steve snapped weakly, but by then,
“I was in Europe before,” Steve said a while later, still staring at the mountains. “Not in Nepal.”
Tasha sunk her fingers inside, all the way, deep, and now the pace wasn’t teasing anymore, it was
“What do you expect, Rhodey?” Tony barely kept from snapping, resisting the urge to rub a hand over the glass case protecting his heart and keeping it ticking. “I’m running out of options here. This might be nothing, but it might also be something. It doesn’t hurt to try.”
“Maybe it wasn’t before, but I’m pretty sure it’s my thing now—Tony, please!”
Tony set the shield aside, touching the man’s neck again just to confirm that he really did have a pulse. It didn’t take as long this time, and his pulse wasn’t as faint as before. It was also beating faster.
He took the mental image and flipped it, sending it back to Stark, and now the image was a fabricated one, of Steve's same lips crushed into dark hair, soft red fabric slipping against the side of his face as he took Stark’s cock all the way down.
“It’s…” Tony’s eyes scanned the craggy rocks not far from their current location. “It’s not far,” he found himself saying.
Fuck.  Replay the last fifteen seconds, three times in a row, fifty percent speed each time.
It was, but Tony found himself saying, “It’s not.”
Steve murmured a nearly inaudible “thank you” into Tony’s neck and exhaled, relaxing into Tony’s hold.
Rhodey’s hand on his arm tightened, and Tony blinked again, now taking a step back into the tunnel. The cold of the room seemed to follow him, clinging to his face.
he sent,
At Tony’s answer, Steve dropped his chin, eyes closing. His mouth twisted in a clear picture of grief. A few seconds later his (perfect,
And, also, the single stripe of hair looked like nothing so much as an unsubtle hint:
“Pretty great, in fact.  I would say.”  Steve started scrubbing at the dried flecks on Tony’s chest.
but that felt
She thought Howard Stark must not have mentioned that bit.
Steve thought about it through the haze of arousal.  It was hard to do; words weren’t forming normally, and every time he tried to think about coming, he felt another wave of intensity and had to rub his nipple or shift his weight around the plug again.
The tunnel they were in narrowed at points and occasionally the ceiling lowered, leaving them stooped over. At one point it was so low that they ended up leaving their backpacks behind, taking only what they could strap to their persons.
"One for you," Tony said, handing Natasha a cuff bracelet, and then passing one to Clint. "One for you."
"I asked, how's your head?" Clint repeated, voice wavering with amusement at the last words.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Braaaains!" Steve continued to wallow, looking in all wrong places, not bothered by Peter's screams of protest and ongoing laughter. Or maybe it was part of the zombie tactics, to first tire the victim out and then savor the brain. Tony decided to find out, taking a moment to rest and having absolutely no intention of being involved and saving his son from his zombie husband.
“Ahahahaa… Hahahaha… Because I cahahahan’t when you do thahahat…”
"Hmm?"
“This wasn’t what I meant,” Tony said simply, taking a stern approach.
Tony rarely shared this story, feeling guilty and ashamed until many years later, already after his parent’s death, he opened to his drag mom. ‘You were lucky’ she said, and Tony only nodded, tears gathering in his eyes. He had avoided a severe beating back then or maybe even something worse. 'You think this is how it would end?’ she asked, her voice rising in disbelief. 'She was scared. Not of you and who you are, but what will happen to you,’ she continued and it was the first time Tony ever saw it like that. More details came back to him - his mother’s shaking hand, the glossy look of her eyes when they made eye contact, the tremble of her seemingly calm voice. He grew up in different times, times when drag was just resurfacing from the underground world and caused controversy, dividing people and families. The revelation was as painful as running into a brick wall, but this time, he didn’t break his bones against the bricks, but burst through the wall, tearing it down, reunited with everything he locked on the other side. His mom always had his back. His mom never stopped loving him because of that one evening. And maybe, maybe his dad wouldn’t stop loving him either and maybe if they were not taken away from him, they would continue to love him and support him. And Tony had cried once more, just like years back in his mother’s lap, just this time the material under his cheeks wasn’t cool, silver satin, but a scratchy, blue sequin fabric of his drag mom’s dress.
"No," Tony smiled broadly and Steve gaped at him. "I decided to stay. I want to show everyone that you can recover from being bullied and that is worth it to stand up for yourself. If I can do it, everyone else can too. I am gonna be like a phoenix, reborn from the ashes!"
"Well, duh. I am the one who prepares your drinks, Long Island Ice Tea guy," she replied with a smile. And Steve just stared, because without lipstick that smile seemed awfully familiar. Once on a bruised face and a busted lip. A very long time ago.
Tony didn't react on time, feeling both of his hands being sharply twisted to the back. He screamed in pain and tears shone in his eyes.
"Ummm," Tony fumbled, hiding his face into Steve's neck. "My stomach hurts."
"And now your face matches my dress," Velvet joked, standing up and smoothing the red satin draping over her body.
Steve snorted, reading the text. Of course, being dead was Sam’s first guess and the only valid excuse for missing Red Velvet’s performance.
“Facial mask. This one is blueberry and chamomile oil. It calms the skin and makes it more radiant. I am gonna need some of it, but we will take it as the last thing, it needs to stay cold.”
"Then it will be more things and I will love you just as much I love you now," Tony assured, bringing Steve's hand closer and kissing his knuckles. That made Steve smile. "You still love me too, even if I changed, right?" Tony asked, meaning the flow of time and what it was doing to him. His hair became a bit more grey, eyes were set deeper and more often there was some sort of pain in his bones, one he didn't remember having. It was all part of life and couldn't exactly be stopped.
- or not.
Just because was a good enough reason for Steve. He stopped, and turned to face Tony, and leaned into a kiss. Sweet and long. And this time, Tony didn't even wince, just ran with the affection, right in the middle of the sidewalk, not covering from curious eyes around them.
“Don’t be mad,” Tony said, not sounding apologetic at all. He stepped into the kitchen, bringing the stinging scent of cigarettes with him. “Besides, such a great morning required a smoke. I am glad I am not performing today, I don’t think I can walk on heels,” he tried to joke and kiss Steve on the neck, but was stopped by blond’s stern look.
Get a Twitter account.
"Something wrong?" Steve asked, noticing Tony standing up, despite his plate being still quite full.
"If you let me do it, you and Red Velvet will -" Tony leaned to him, whispering something into his ear, words that made Steve's blood immediately flow south of his body and culminate at one point. That was unfair.
"If you want me to continue, you will stay quiet. Got it?" Steve said, grinning too smug for Tony's liking, his finger rubbing against the throbbing opening.
"Get dressed."
Tony moved away from Steve, showing a confused face. That kinda felt like mocking him, but Steve’s face was honest. And it would certainly change the mood and make Tony feel better about this whole day. “I don’t know,” Tony said, just to be safe, “do you want to do it?”
"Get some sleep," Steve whispered, not wanting to disturb the sleepy silence and kissing Tony's forehead. "I will look after them."
“Hello everyone!” Red Velvet greeted the crown, smiling softly and charming. Her blue eyes scanned the crowd, which she could see perfectly thanks to the small lit lamps on every table. “I can see some new faces,” she greeted the newcomers with positive energy, getting an overwhelming cheer in return as she waved and sent kisses. “And—” she continued, her eyes stopping on Steve’s and Sam’s table for two seconds longer than on everyone else, “— some familiar faces.”
"Hi," the girl raised her hand, smiling shyly.
Fueled on pizza Tony kept working until evening and it was then when he finally saw Steve. Back on their floor, his soldier still engrossed in some paperwork which Tony interrupted by dumping the pizza box in the middle of the documents.
"Right," Steve sighed. Sleeping on the couch was not an option, but maybe they could use one of the guest floors in the Tower. Still, the mood was gone. Seemed that it wasn't a day for romance after all. Tony didn't like Steve blaming himself over something so silly and decided to fix the mood.
"… Wait, you said, Steve, right? As in little punk Steve?" Tootsie frowned before Steve nodded enthusiastically. After having the confirmation, both men let out a happy scream and ran into each other arms. "Steve! It had been what? Twenty years?!"
"Oh, come on! Please? Pleease? I promise to leave your eyebrows alone!"
"Oh, I already scheduled an appointment at the veterans' house," Tony snapped his fingers, pointing at Steve. "All your peers were pretty excited that you will come to visit."
Steve nodded with relief. He could live with that.
partner," Tony corrected himself, emphasizing the second word, "I always forget to add that part."
Flawless indeed. Even Tony's skin looked smooth and plump, and maybe Steve should reconsider his statement on not letting Tony massage tsubaki oil into his face every evening, unlike Tony did.
Scratch, scratch, scratch.
"I was asked to escort you to your table. Please come with me," the bouncer said, swiftly navigating through the crowd of customers gathering outside the Olive and Sarah followed.
"Yhm. You stood out for me when no one else did. All this time, Stone made me feel like if I wasn't worth anything and I was not worth saving. And then you came and… I guess that seeing you being able to sacrifice so much for me while practically not knowing me, gave me the strength to believe that if I can be worth something to you, maybe I am not so useless," Tony said, smiling sadly and looking at his shoes.
"For how long it's been going on?" Steve asked quietly.
"I meant, I don't sing in public," Steve sighed. It was way out of his comfort zone.
Steve watched Tony with soft eyes. It was good to see him so happy and relaxed.
No one deserved bad things to happen for being themselves.
Ultimately, Steve decided to stay, not because he wanted to be a part of the drag queens meeting, but because Tony batted his long eyelashes at him and asked for help with preparing some snacks, because he forgot to order catering and serving drag queens cheesy puffs and carbonated drinks Tony's pantry had plenty off, seemed just wrong. Steve made a quick round to the nearest grocery shop and came back hauling bags with fresh veggies and rice paper for spring rolls and veggie platters, and followed the very specific instructions Tony had given him what kind of cheeses and fruits to buy for a more decadent cheese board. In the meantime, Tony gave his living space a quick clean, all the time wearing the black pumps, which was very, very distractive for Steve, who had almost cut his finger off while he was dicing the cheese into bite-sized pieces. So, they decided to switch. Literally.
"Perfect. Thanks, honey!"
“Doesn’t it give you headaches?” Steve asked, thinking that it couldn’t be too comfortable.
Steve just smiled gently, knowing all the words he wanted to say and guided by all the feelings he had felt since he saw Red Velvet for the first time and since his first non-date with Tony. Tony was someone truly special, changing his life and making it better, just by his presence. He helped find Steve the courage in places he didn't expect to ever be courageous, was understanding and kind, and just seemed to make Steve's world a brighter place. And when someone finds something so special, they should never let go of it.
That made Tony stare owlishly and Steve felt triumphant, hoping for that stunned reaction.
Quick, light footsteps. Steve could exactly point out the moment, when Tony instantly regretted his decision of coming and wanted to run, just as his mom rushed to Tony, hands reaching for him. It seemed comical that Tony could think that this scenario could end with anything else than pulling him into a hug.
"Tell the director what happened! Steve won't say a thing, I know he won't, and Stone would just slide his way out of this one-"
“Ack!” Tony almost dropped his phone when Steve scoldingly pinched his side. Soon the first comments came.
"Okay, ready?"
“Ladies and gentleman!” a voice echoed in the bar, one that Steve had assigned to Loki - seemed that he wasn’t only a bodyguard but also an announcer. “Please give a warm welcome to our first performer of the evening, Miss Red Velvet!”
“Oh,” Steve mumbled out feeling foolish, “I am sorry. But if you knew, why did you let me come here with me?”
"Hi, Mama!"
"Just like mom taught you. Is that a way to speak to your mother?!" Bianca yelled and the crowd laughed, enjoying this mother-daughter encounter.
Tony felt a cold shudder crawling up his spine. Did Stone already get to him?
"Steve!"
"I brought you something," Steve said, sitting next to her and handing her a box from the bakery.
“Who is your friend?”
"Sorry for the delay. Let's go to my office," Tony turned to Steve, taking his hand and guiding him away. Steve looked over his shoulder, taking a last glance at Rhodey, who kept explaining something to Harley in a patient voice, slowly making the nervousness go away. Seemed that Rhodey was only harsh to him for some reason.
As a teenager, Tony was very careful. He always knew he was a bit different, equally drawn to sports cars and women fashion magazines, his eyes lingering on both women and men. Just one time he let his guard down. That evening in late Autumn, where his parents had been getting ready for the gala, and Tony watched his dad in an expensive, perfectly fitted tux, tying a Windsor knot and schooling Tony what neckties were appropriate for which occasions and Tony listened, nodding his head. Just when his mom joined them… In a flawless satin dress, one that draped over her shoulders and covered ankles in a silver cascade of material, showing silver high heels with a strap. Tony was in love. He was more drawn to the way his mom moved and the way the material twirled around her, the sound of it rustling and the shine of the lipstick, then his father’s lecture. And when they had left for the gala, Tony couldn’t control the long-suppressed urges. He sneaked into his parents’ bedroom and sat in front of his mom’s vanity mirror, carefully brushing his hands over numerous makeup supplies, looking at the brushes and feeling different consistencies of powders and creams and sticky lipsticks. Looking wasn’t enough. The first coat of ruby red lipstick on his lips was crooked and uneven, yet Tony felt gorgeous and confident. Black eyeliner made his eyes pop, mascara accentuated the long eyelashes and shimmering powder on his cheeks gave his face a whole new dimension. He got lost in the world of makeup, losing track of time and not noticing when the car drove back home, Maria Stark coming back home earlier than her husband, having to attend a morning meeting the next day. When she reached her bedroom, she saw Tony in full, sloppy makeup and wearing her pointy-toe pumps in black and the brightest smile on her son’s face. And then Tony saw her, and he couldn’t read anything from his mom’s face and the smile was immediately gone, replaced by overwhelming fear. There was no yelling, there was no crying, it was barely any emotions at all. Maria had closed the door quietly, pointed Tony to the adjoined bathroom and told him to clean his face and then come back for a talk. Tony listened, locking himself in the bathroom, the makeup disappearing quicker when mixed with tears, while Maria waited for her son to come back, still and silent. Tony didn’t know what was going on in his mom’s head, and the whole evening became a blur with time, but he remembered sinking to his knees in front of his mother, putting his head in her lap and crying and apologizing, and his mom stroking his hair delicately, forcing Tony to make a promise that this won’t repeat ever again, and with a broken heart, Tony swore and he had been breaking that promise for almost two decades. They got back to their usual lives, everyday routines, never speaking of what happened.
," Figaro just gazed down on his human, stretched out in all his enormous length. Steve smiled wider and cuddled the cat close, and went back to watching TV, planning to bake a chocolate fudge cake for Tony later on.
Backing down was not an option anymore. Peter was sure that neither Ned nor MJ would let him forget about this anyway, so at least he could go down with style. With a loud roar, he ran at his pops.
"The alcoholic one!" Tootsie exclaimed, holding her beer can high, the rest of her sisters joining in a cheer.
“I am sorry for barging into your space when you didn’t feel ready to share yet,” Steve said, closing the distance between them and leaning his forehead against Tony’s.
“And it is all organic too!” Tony chirped enthusiastically, rubbing some gray goop into his wrist and putting near Steve’s nose to smell. It was a bit sweet, but also an earthy smell.
“No,” Coulson smiled brighter as if just waiting for Tony to snark at him and being satisfied with what he got. “Good day, Mr. Stark,” he said and finally started to leave Tony’s sanctuary.
"Friday," Steve said in a firmer voice, hearing that 'nothing' from Tony too many times when it clearly was 'something'. Like father, like daughter.
"Then what? Watching basketball?"
"Ha, I am the top with Stone and Hammer gone," Tony laughed, swinging a bit harder and Steve's mouth open as he didn't expect to hear Tony say his oppressors' names any time soon. "Part of the therapy. Fear of a name increases fear of the thing itself."
"Nu-uh! I am out!" Steve protested, one time being enough. He darted off the stool, just to be firmly pushed down again.
The sound Tony made wasn't sweet at all, it was a full-on, panicked shriek, followed by high pitched laughter when Steve put his fingers to work, prodding and kneading the soft skin.
"We are not!"
The elevator stopped on their floor and Tony and Steve went out, hearing familiar voices. Two laughs and... a booming, stern voice, belonging to their son.
Steve stopped when Tony did and faced a white marble headstone with two names engraved on the shiny surface. 'Howard Anthony Walter Stark’. 'Maria Collins Carbonell Stark’. The same death date. Tony’s parents.
"I am glad I didn't get dressed yet, because, shit, I would have to change."
"Sure," Steve replied immediately, coming to the rescue. A moment later, the bra was on.
"In a sec, Tony!"
"Yeah, babe?"
"He never had any complaints," Tony said in a rush, taking Steve by the arm and turning in the direction of the door, hurriedly opening them. "Go, go, go! I don't have much time!" Tony urged, forcing Steve to stumble into the changing room after him.
"My house is the closest, let's go there," Bucky offered, seemingly placated by Tony's lack of hostility. Steve nodded and started walking, guiding Tony.
Nourishing serum for the night. Moisturizer for the day with jojoba oil. A shampoo bar, thing Steve didn’t even know that existed, that smelled like berries. It was just the beginning and the basket was filling up, as Tony was going from stand to stand, choosing his favorites, sometimes turning to Steve and asking him to smell things. Soon every scent started to mingle into a one, aromatic ball of perfume and he felt a beginning of a headache.
"You will see later. Just don't get too full on anything," Steve enticed, hoping that a little bit of mystery would motivate his boyfriend to come home sooner.
"Hey, Harley!" Tony suddenly bellowed, and the loud noise made Steve's shoulders jump.
Steve laughed. Reverse psychology. How cute. The moment ended when Arrow walked over and placed their drinks on the table.
"Thanks, honey."
"Hmm."
"Dough for cinabbons. You know that dough has to be kneaded at least one hundred times?"
“Light the candles, okay?” he turned to Steve and Steve nodded, while Tony walked away to discard the withered flowers in the nearest trash can. Steve took out the two candles from the plastic bag and cautiously lit them, putting them down on the sides and under the names. When Tony came back, he smiled at Steve and hooked their arms together and they stood like that for a while, together and in silence in front of his parents grave.
“Luckily, I have a one,” Tony said lightly, rummaging in one of the baskets, “and it can fit in two people. You always want to take the ones that are on the bottom, they are the freshest,” Tony said before the first sentence had a chance to sink in Steve’s mind. Taking a bath with Tony sounded like a nice reward after this ordeal. “You will love this one.”
"Wow, you're so gorgeous," Sarah said, instead of the usual hello, and Mint smiled gratefully. "I am sorry I am staring, it is just the first time I am seeing a drag queen up close. Sorry! Is that something I shouldn't say?" she grimaced in panic and looked over at Sam, silently asking for help. Sam just smiled good-naturedly, because this was so like Steve's mom to be so honest and mindful at the same time.
There was no her.
Tony was never a fan of any kind of organized sports. He preferred individual work over teamwork and it showed in every aspect of his life. And watching sports was boring. So, so boring.
Ah. Not so bad. Just puzzling.
“I am fine,” Steve said, not wanting to worry his friend. “Just tired after last events.”
LONG TIME NO SEE, RIGHT? I admit, I got a bit lost with this series… also I wasn’t so sure if I liked the direction this story was heading, buuut then decided that this topic can’t be avoided and is a big part of every lgbt+ person’s life. also, I do enjoy a bit of drama. and there is no better month to be back with this series than pride month! hope you enjoyed this update! Bruce’s drag name was created by a dear friend of mine steve-sketchbooks.tumblr.com, thanks for your love for this story!
"And what if you need to use the bathroom?" Tony asked with a laugh, seeing some major flaws in the plan.
"Eyes on the wig," Steve warned, feeling Tony's curious gaze on him. There was a small disappointed whine, but Tony obeyed, giving his boyfriend some privacy.
Steve takes Tony for his guys day out and he isn't really surprised with Tony's attitude. Until...
Steve swallowed thickly, looking at her. A tight, long-sleeved red dress hugged her hourglass figure, accenting the porcelain skin tone. It wasn’t long, sleek hair this time, but a wavy bob cut, giving some youthful and fresh look to her face. She looked absolutely stunning. And yet…
"Mmmmm! That felt good! Come on, one more time, faster, GAAAAAH!"
"FIG! Steve, do something!"
Steve wanted to do something soothing, tell his boyfriend that it would be fine, and there was nothing to worry about. Just the floating mass of black hair was so unsettling and Steve couldn't take his eyes off of it.
"Hey, you gave me a black eye, that's way worse," Steve grinned, shoving his friend in the shoulder. Bucky's and Steve's first meeting was pretty intense, but from a fight that emerged from a misunderstanding, a true friendship was born. They were best buds and inseparable until Bucky's dad got a new job and the whole family moved. Those were some lonely years for Steve until Sam's family moved into the neighborhood.
It was one of those moments Steve enjoyed the most. Dishes were put away, pot roast and potatoes were cooking in the oven, needing some more time for meat to be juicy and potatoes to be golden, and the kitchen was sparkling clean. He earned some me time and there was a book calling his name.
But was it saying hi or goodbye? (Or maybe he was definitely overthinking it because there was no such ghost here.)
“Trust me, it definitely is. You don’t see the look on his face when you’re not looking.”
The name clicked into place, and Tony found himself smiling at Steve Rogers before he could rethink it. “Nice to meet you, Steve. I’d offer you a drink, but the accommodations aren’t exactly the best.”
“I don’t know,” Steve said. “Not really. Only that when I’m with you, it feels like everything will be fine. That I’m not alone, that I
It could wait until they got to their camp. If it turned out that Steve was not who Tony thought he was (his heart said that was a ridiculous notion but his brain insisted that he be careful because he’d been betrayed too many times), it would be better if Tony had both his suit and Jarvis close at hand.
He tries to make the chest barrel-shaped, but the yarn doesn't really like that.  He puts the arms on stitch-holders while he knits around the rest of the chest and stomach, then switches yarn, picking up with a bright cherry color that's now seared into his memory.
Tony let out a slow breath, evaluating the current state of his bruised chest and that everything seemed to be in working order. He was no longer gasping for air, which was a plus.
need to?
Steve looked like he wanted to laugh, his face twisting into a grimace. “But he’s yours.”
“God, look at you!”  It wasn’t the first time Tony had said that, Steve noticed.  “You’re gorgeous, Steve.  I could watch you for hours.”  Steve’s cock twitched, and Tony smiled warmly.  “Like that idea, too, huh?  Get your knee up, foot on the bed and lean back on your hands.  I want to look at all of you.”
Tony rubbed the back of his neck, wishing the prickling would go away. “A little ghost told me.”
Steve shuddered, eyes closing briefly. “It was so cold,” he whispered, trembles wracking his muscular frame.
Reaching out, Tony tapped his own fingers against it, deliberately drumming his nails on it. The sound rang oddly, almost like a clear ring, like no other metal Tony was familiar with.
“Oh, it’s not just me?”
He was focused, Tony was, his gaze fixed on something Steve couldn’t quite see.  Steve would have been able to catch a glimpse of it if he were to move forward just two feet, but he chose not to.  It was worth it for the opportunity to watch Tony in peace for a while.
Tony Stark, inventor, millionaire, businessman, adventurer, adrenaline-junkie (as some people would insist), war veteran, world-renowned traveler, hero of
Unconsciously, unaware that Steve was still looking, Tony licked his lips.
She met Stark’s eyes in the mirror, and batted the falsies at her.  “Thank you so much,” she said, putting a heaping helping of coo into it.  “This is just what I had hoped for.”
Tony didn’t answer immediately, taking a moment to pause and look back to where they had come from. The village was out of sight, and they were surrounded by mostly rocks and the occasional scraggly tree that was just that determined to survive.
Probably realizing just how badly she had underestimated Gwen.  People did that a lot.
Supposedly dead father actually being alive and brainwashed into being the leader of an evil organization made up of Nazis? Yeah, that seemed like a horror story for kids but was a fact of Tony’s life.
There was something here. Something that shouldn’t be.
“Maybe…” Steve wet his lips, closing his eyes briefly. “Maybe there’s something I can do to help. Maybe it wasn’t a mistake that you came out here.”
"Mm," Steve disagreed.  "Too tired."
“I thought I’d leave that for later,” Rhodey said. “I mean, I’m not sure what else I can say considering I have no idea what happened there. Only there’s something weird going on.”
