“Know what, Rhodes?  Don't want to take my reject designs?  Make your own,” Tony said, reaching for his coffee cup.  He drained the last dregs.  “Deej?”  DJ looked up at him, and Tony reached out, smoothing his hair away from his face.  “I need you to stay off the internet while we're gone.”
"We're registered with the Maria Stark Foundation and Captain's charity of choice, New Yorkers Helping New Yorkers."  Tony gave them a brilliant smile, and another wave of flashes went off.  "We ask that any money that would've been wasted on wedding presents goes there, and Steve'll send you a nice thank you card."
“That’s the end of the week,” Jan said.  Tony stared at her, and her lips went thin.  “The end.  Of the week, Anthony.”
Tony’s eyebrows arched.  “I get the bill,” he said, his eyes dancing.  Steve laughed, and Tony made a grab for his papers.  “If you want help…”
Mickey looked at the note, then back at him, then back at the paper.  His fingers closed over it, his fingers going tight.  “What d’ you want in exchange?”
Sam stared at him.  "What does that even mean?" he asked, spreading his hands wide.  "C'mon, man, I can't even react to your insults if they're completely nonsensical."
Steve nodded, and he was so right, so perfect, that Tony had to let go of him now, or he’d never manage it.  He relaxed his hand, one finger at a time.  “Find the kid.”
Steve's throat worked, but before he could manage to form a word, Rhodes filled the silence.  “He was assigned to escort us this morning.  As soon as Happy's back, I'm going to drive him back to the city.”
“We…  We really don’t,” Tony said, but Peter looked like a traumatized chick, all hunched shoulders and traumatized eyes.  “Fine.  We do. You’re a very important part of our corporate structure, Parker.  And Pepper will teach you how to answer the phone.”
“Thanks for the heads up, but most people just say ‘good-bye’ and that means the same thing, you know that, right?”
Steve raised one shoulder in a half shrug.  “It worked,” he said, filling a cup of coffee for Pepper.
“Do not do that,” Steve said with a bright smile.  “You're not paying for your own ring, Tony, that's-”
Tony leaned back in his chair, taking a moment to steady himself.  “Yeah,” he managed, and his voice wasn’t shaking, he could convince himself of that.  “Right.  You-”  He nodded.  “Well, that’s freshman me, right there.”  He reached for the coffee pot, because that was a lifeline that he could understand, and it was a hell of a lot safer than most of his lifelines.  “Promise me something, kid.  Stay out of the frat parties.”
“Isn't that...”  Steve sank down onto the bench.  “Isn't that putting pressure on him?  We have to do this.  We agreed.  I can't just manipulate things like that.”
“Okay, okay, fine, cut it out.”  Clint rattled his fingertips against the plastic edge of the laundry basket.  “Tell you what.  You help me fold laundry this week, I’ll give you twenty dollars.  That sound fair?”
“Because you can’t remember, and it’s easier to pretend that you’re doing that deliberately?” Peter asked, and Rhodey let out a low, admiring whistle.
“I mean, I don’t have to try very hard, I’m pretty annoying,” Clint said, and Phil tossed his pen aside.
“No one ever said he makes good choices,” Tony said.  “Speaking of making incredibly poor choices, anyone know anything about the YouTube video I apparently made yesterday?”
The back door lead directly to a small parking lot that was wedged in the space between the chapel and the take-out fried chicken place next door.  It had space for exactly two dumpsters and maybe half a dozen cars, parked discreetly out of sight of the main drag.
Tony smiled.  “No.  It wasn’t my idea.  But I didn’t stop him, either, so I suppose it is my fault.”  He lifted a pawn from the board, but didn’t finish his move.  “What happened to his parents?”
He shook off Tony’s hand, and Tony scooped up the journal, closing it and putting it safely out of reach.  “And yet, you’re still down here, asking for help.”
“There,” Steve said, his voice soft.  “Want to know what I’ll do?”  He smiled.  Just a bit.  Just enough, all the confusion, all the anger, all the frustration gone.
Tony was already shaking his head.  “We destroyed everything.  Too much of a temptation, even for people who have good intentions, and a potential weapon for anyone without bad intentions.”  He picked up a juice box and pulled the straw free with a flourish.  “And sometimes it’s hard to tell the difference between the two.”
“I know.”  Tony leaned into him, just for a second, because he was weak sometimes.  And when it came to Steve, he was always weak.  This was enough.  This was absolutely enough.
In the years he’d been gone, the city had stretched out across the landscape, houses and buildings and roads spreading out into what had been farmland.  There were still fields there, beyond the city walls, vast stretches of orchards and deep, ancient forest stretching away from the road.  Every turn in the road, he found himself looking for an old farmhouse, or a manor tucked back beyond the trees, well away from the flow of traffic.  And in some way, out of the flow of time as well.
“I think it’s the truth,” Tony said.  “And cold comfort that might be, but the only comfort I can offer.”
His phone rang, and he considered ignoring it.  But it was Pepper's ringtone, and he knew better than to ignore that.  It never worked out for him.  Without looking, he answered it with a tap of his thumb.  “Stark's House of Trash,” he said.  “How can direct your call?”
“It doesn't matter!”  Franklin's hands came up, a sharp flail of movement.  “We need to be united against the scourge of the little sister!  You are supposed to be on my side!  Unity, Deej!”
Steve ignored her.  “Yes.  You should send her back to the castle.  You know.  Where I’m certain they have food.”
Her head tipped to the side.  "That card says he did."  She nodded.  "If you need a bite, there's a couple of gift cards in there, too, one for a burger place and one for the grocery store a few blocks up."  She turned, as if she was going to head back in, then paused, one heel scuffing against the sidewalk.  "Get something to eat."
Tony bent back over his food.  “Nothing.  Just always a little surprised every time I see you use chopsticks.”
She smiled.  “I know you were attached to it, that a friend made it for you,” she said, her voice proud.  “So I honored his design.”
Giving in with something close to grace, he ladled himself out a bowl, closing up the pot before he headed back to the counter.  Miss Potts had returned to her ledgers, the pages open in front of her, but her eyes lingered on him as he took a seat.  “That's a Stark pistol, isn't it?”
Tony twisted around as Steve slipped through the crowd, relief washing over his face.  He hopped up onto the stage. “I lost you.”
Steve kept going, his eyes locked on the massive front doors.  “Knew you were the smart one around here.”
“No,” Tony said to Darcy, who gave him a wide eyed look over the top of the box.  He struggled against a smile.  “No.”
“Your dad didn't put you-  I mean, he wasn't the one that packed you up, was he?” Val asked.  DJ shook his head.  Val's eyes narrowed, into thin slits.  When she did that, the blue disappeared, and it was just the dark hollow of her iris that showed.  “How did you get lost?”
Pepper's chin dropped in something like a nod.  "Stane," she agreed.  She shifted her weight, her arms crossed over her chest.  "It's all legal, Tony.  Everything they've got, they officially licensed."
“With Stephen.” Natasha let the bottle fall back to her side, and Clea offered her a slight smile.  “He was-”
DJ tucked his knees up against his chest.  His shoulders were jerking with the force of his breathing, and he nodded, a sharp twitch of his head.
“And we're all looking forward to that,” Steve said.  He gave Luke a slight smile.  “Right now, though, I need a dance partner.” He held out a hand.  “Wanna dance?”
“Of course I did,” Clint agreed, utterly without shame.  “Look, if you don’t get caught, it never happened.”
She raised one shoulder in a half shrug.  “Your guess is as good as mine,” she said.  Her smile stretched.  “They're all idiots.”
“I mean, that's why we're here, isn't it?” Pepper asked, her voice sweet.  “So you all write about the wonderful products we have to offer.”
“Ducked, apparently,” Tony said.  The bar was a disaster area, with splintered furniture, broken lighting fixtures, and piles of shattered bar ware littering the floor.  The only area that appeared to have mostly remained intact was the spot behind the bar, since even mid-fight, no one had apparently been dumb enough to go for Thor.
“I'm fifty pounds of rage in a five pound bag,” Jan said without missing a beat.  “Sam.  Darling.”  She gave him a broad, toothy grin.  “Why are you here?”
“It’s not actually collecting that’s important here,” Tony said.  “It’s the satisfaction I’ll get from printing out that invoice and then stapling it directly to his face.”
In between them was Officer Charlie Maguire, his cap in his hand, his head tipped back as he stared at the ceiling, his mouth hanging open.  Steve must’ve made some sort of sound, because Maguire twisted around, his eyes going sharp.  “Rogers,” he said.
“He doesn't,” Eli said.  He rolled his eyes, but he and his grandfather moved as a single unit, smooth and practiced.  “I get to wash dishes.  I get to wash a lot of dishes.”
“It’s been a long day,” Tony said, gathering wine bottles in his arms.  They rattled against each other,  the glass gleaming in the reflected glow of the fire.  “A very long day.”
Shaking his head, Steve nudged Nomad forward, falling in behind him.  Sam was right beside him.  “Watch giving you trouble?” he asked.
"Sorry, bratbot," Tony said.  He pulled off his helmet and braced it against his hip.  "Everyone's fine.  Clint tripped and fell in a hole, and got like, a scraped elbow, but that's the worst of it."
“I think,” Jarvis said, from the depths of his drink, “that you will do what you can.  And I’ve found, sir, that that is all that you need to do.”
Tony nodded.  “That was practical of me.” But he took a big step to the side, safely out of reach.  “I don't see what your problem is, all of my friends would love a legal fund!”
Now he just felt stupid, carrying a plant almost the size of his torso around the city in the middle of the day.
“Huh,” Sam said, eyes narrowing.  “I'm skeptical.  'Cause I've never seen them.  Or heard of them.  Before now.”
He crossed to the bed, and reached out, one hand brushing gently over DJ’s head.  When his eyes fluttered open, Tony smiled down at him, his expression warm and open for an instant.  “Wake up, sleepyhead,” he said, his voice soft.  “He’s back.”
As usual, he became aware of the deafening silence from the other side of his prep station just a little too late.  He paused, looking up to find Pepper staring at him, her face unreadable.  He pointed at her.  “This face.  I don't like it.  It's a-”  He leaned in, his eyes narrowing.  “It looks like disapproval.”
“Later,” Tony said.  He kissed DJ's cheek, giving him a tight hug, and then lowered him back to the floor.  “You can help me put together the new chestplate, okay?”
“Tony.”  A hand grabbed his, fingers tangling together.  “Tony.  It’s Rhodey.  It’s Rhodey.  Look at me.  You’re safe.  Tony.”
Clint shrugged, and winced.  “If he was gonna squish him, he would've done it already,” he said, rubbing his side.
“Please, don’t bother.”  Obie braced his hands on the back of the chair, his fingers flexing for a moment before he straightened up.  “I know it’s too early for this kind of thing, but I need something a bit stronger.”
Obie’s eyebrows shot up.  “Not a big deal?” he repeated.  “Tony.  You’re talking about, what, letting him stay?  For how long?”  Tony didn’t reply, and Obie heaved a sigh.  “Tony.  I think you need to be very careful about this.  When you have your own children, this will make things complicated.  Heaven forbid the child-”
"Playing file six-three-five-one," Jarvis said, and the huge screen went dark for a second.  When it flickered back to life, it was to a scene of a heavy wooden galleon sailing across a calm sea.  Within minutes, a sea battle had broken out, cannons flashing and half-naked men slashing at each other with swords.
Jarvis considered him over the rim of his tumbler.  “That there is one very particular little boy who needs you.”
“Spidey, you and Hawkeye take the North entrance,” Steve said, his voice brisk.  “Spider-Woman, Power Man, head South.  Wasp and Jewel-”
She considered that, then stole a potato off of Hank's plate.  “Never,” she said, with a bright smile.
“Really?  Because this is exactly what I was expecting.”  Harris sidestepped around a gaggle of Gandalfs, doing his best not to take a staff to the head.  The aisles were narrow and cramped, with the booths pressing in on the limited walking space on both sides.  He glanced over his shoulder at a booth selling an array of miniature plush dragons.  On his other side, metal racks of autographed pictures loomed over him, grinning headshots fighting for space with film stills and cast photos.  They’d passed vendors selling hand carved wands and felt hats, custom fit corsets and 3D printed props, first edition books and magic tricks, licensed costumes and hand stitched cloaks.
By the time he caught up to her, Bobbi was already at the still, making minute adjustments to the gauges there.  She took a step back, sweeping her hat off and tossing it towards a trailing bit of pipe.  “There,” she said, reaching up and catching a lever in one hand.  She looked back at Steve, even as she gave it a sharp tug.  “Enjoy your drink.”
“You would’ve heard, if there was.” Steve sounded faintly amused, and Tony realized he was smiling down at his feet.
“Your appreciation of the classics notwithstanding,” Jarvis said, because he was the only one who could’ve gotten away with sass at that exact moment, “we were merely waiting for you to finish your discussion so we could once again continue with our duties.”
“Are these your socks?” Jarvis asked from the other side of the workbench.  “And where is your left loafer, sir, how can you only have one shoe here, whatever have you done with the other?”
“Look, he was only there out of misplaced loyalty and a healthy fear of Pepper,” Tony said.  She just stared at him, and he held up his hands.  “Fine.  Fine.  No minors.”  He tried to fold his arms and flinched as his shoulder pulled against the gauze.  “I’m never drinking again, anyway.”
"I don't care!"  It came out too loud and too sharp and too EVERYTHING, and Sam didn't even react.  Somehow that made it worse.  Tony took a deep breath and let it out.  "I don't-"
Bruce hid a smile behind the rim of his coffee cup, and tried to cover it up with a cough.  "Bobbi said they found it in one of the trees.  But I've seen it around the garden before; it's been taking care of the mice around my greenhouse," he said, giving Tony a lopsided smile.  He balanced his cup on his knee, a bad choice based on the way his leg was twitching.  "So, whatever it is, my, uh, my opinion is that it's-"  He paused, his head bobbing a bit as he considered.  "Useful."
And it wasn't like anything was actually happening today. Tony kept reminding himself of that as his pen slid across the paper, the noise somehow obscenely loud in the stillness of the conference room. He snapped the cap back on the pen. "Is that all of them?" he asked, and the pleasant, nondescript man in a pleasant, nondescript suit nodded.
“I do enjoy being the last resort of a desperate man,” Tony said, flicking a holographic structure away with one hand.  “Jay, drop the volume and load up something from the ‘old tunes for an old man’ list.”  The music trailed away, and when it came back, it was a driving jazz track.  Tony’s head tipped forward.  “Better?”
“Well, fuck that, then, he’ll staple my complaint form to my forehead,” Tony said, and he knew she was laughing.  He closed his eyes, trying to ignore how they burned.  “Romanov?”
There was no mistaking it this time.  Tony Stark and Steve Rogers, half dressed in the same clothes they'd had on the night before, side by side at a graceful wrought iron banister.  Beneath Tony's half-buttoned shirt, Ellen could see the faint, cool glow of the arc reactor.  One of Steve's hands was buried in Tony's hair, his fingers sliding through the locks.
Steve crouched down in front of her, his arms braced on his legs.  “You can if you want to?” he said, and she nodded.  “Okay, then, go ahead.”
“Yeah, yeah,” Steve said.  He picked up the cat, holding it in front of him.  “Hi there.  You need to go home.  Your mom's going to be missing you.”
"Release the hounds," he said, and Steve was right beside him, almost shoulder to shoulder, as they stepped through the doors and out into the plaza.
Tony made a scoffing sound.  “Lacks protein, Steve.”  He ducked into the fridge again.  “We have turkey?  A couple of kinds of cheese, not much swiss left, though, I was looking forward to swiss.”  He leaned back, his eyebrows arching.  “Do you want the swiss?  Cause if you do-”
Bobbi paused, one cheek bulging with a mouthful of honey soaked pancakes.  She swallowed.  “Studying is important,” she said.
Steve nodded.  “I am,” he said.  Sam was just a few feet ahead of them, his horse darting quickly through the flow of traffic.  “You?”
Too late, much too late, he realized Steve was moving, legs unfolding in a step, two, then a flat run, and before Tony could do more than stumble forward, his hand grasping desperately for the back of Steve's shirt, Steve was out of range, out of reach, through the portal and gone.
“He seems to disagree.”  Natasha took a corner a little too fast, the tires squealing against the pavement.  On the other side of the windows, Steve could see the city flying past, faint ghosts of people still clinging to the edges of ruined buildings.
He surged to his feet.  “You can’t just make a meat based dish into a vegetarian one by taking out the meat.  You can’t make a gluten free dish by removing the wheat.  That’s, that’s like, taking a size two dress and thinking it’ll still look fine if you just, make it bigger.  It’s not going to look fine, it’s an insult to the designer, AND the person trying to wear the dress.”
Because Tony was smiling at him like he’d done something amazing, like he’d made things better, made things bearable.  And maybe that’s all this was.  A momentary way to hold back the things that were real, the things that were destined to ruin him, maybe ruin them both.
“They’re my dads,” DJ said, picking through the rose petals.  “We’re going home soon.”  He looked up at her.  “Will you marry them?”
The door to the yard opened, and Happy poked his head in.  “Evening, all!” He walked through the door sideways, a bushel of apples braced on one hip.  He was a big man, with big shoulders, a barrel chest, and a nose that had been broken more than once.  At home as much in the fields as he was under Obie’s newest engine, he was a jack of all trades, filling in wherever Tony couldn’t. “Tony, you left your toolbox down by the pump room?”
“I don’t have to put up with this, you know.  I have other places I could be right now,” Tony said, and they both knew it was a lie.
“Is this just because you haven’t had a proper night out in the last year?” Pepper asked, one eyebrow arched.
Clint looked up, not as surprised as he should have been to find DJ hovering on the other side of the table in the laundry room.  “Hey, bud,” he said, dragging another armload of sheets out of the drier.  “Looking for something to do?”
Startled, Tony sucked in a breath.  His eyes snapped towards Rogers, who was still focusing his attention on the lizard in his hand.  “He knows what he’s doing.”  His hand tipped to the side, and the lizard darted back and forth across the back before it wiggled under his sleeve.  Rogers smiled, his cheeks creasing.  “And he’s good at it.”
“He’s not getting any better,” she said.  “His efforts are still awkward.  Fumbling.  You see, the thing about magic?  If a being has the capacity to work magic, then their actual skills are usually limited by their intelligence, or their willingness to study, their ability to understand larger concepts that are often nebulous and arcane.”
Steve bit back a very rude response.  “I know he’s fine,” he said, his voice carefully modulated. “Where is he?”
"You may not be who you were, when you first crossed the threshold.  You may not find your way back.  But maybe, just maybe, you might find something you never knew you were missing."
“No, we’re talking about hats for my cat!” she said, grinning at him over the top of the box.  “I get bonus fruit hats for this month!”
“Right,” Steve said.  He stroked a hand onto the inside of Tony’s left wrist.  Five drops, arranged in a neat circle, pulled as if by the back of a spoon into a pinwheel shape against his skin.  “This one, I spent so much time look at this one when we first got together, because clearly you were referencing plating, but-”
“Why don’t we go and read in the kitchen?” Peter said to DJ.  “Chef likes it when we read aloud to him.”  DJ looked at Steve, then back at Peter.  He nodded.  “Okay.”  Peter looked at Steve.  “We’ll see you at dinner?”
“I was not, but always pleased to hear that someone doesn’t want to punch me in the face,” Tony said.  “Balances my karma a bit for the many, many people who do.”
“Well, I mean, if ‘pitching for the Dodgers’ is on there, we’re going to have some trouble, or maybe not, I’m rich enough that i can probably make that happen,” Tony mused.  “Not officially, the serum has to count as a performance enhancing drug, so there’s no way-”
“You’ll be pleased to know that the chicken and a lovely medley of root vegetables are roasting away in the oven,” May said.  “Angel food cake, vanilla ice cream and fresh blackberry sauce for dessert.”
“Yes, sir, Mr. Jarvis.”  Mickey took the envelope, and picked up his cap from the sideboard.  “I will, sir.”
“Excuse me?” May said, her voice echoing out of the pantry.  She leaned out of the pantry door, a bowl of eggs balanced on the palm of one hand.  She rolled an egg between the fingers of her other hand, holding it at shoulder height, an unspoken threat.  “What were you saying?”
“I suspect he expects nothing less,” Pepper said.  She reached for her bag.  “Which is why this contains about twenty legible words.”
Steve threw an arm over his eyes, his jaw going tight.  For a moment, he considered just rolling over, dragging his blanket over his head, and going back to sleep.  It had been a long day, on top of a long week, and he’d dragged himself home less than an hour ago.  He was exhausted, his head ached, and he hadn’t eaten all day.  All he wanted to sleep, and forget everything for a few, short hours.
The doors to the chapel opened with a bang, and everyone, as one, swivelled to look.  Phil Coulson, his hands braced on the door panels, came to a halt, his eyes narrowing on Steve and Tony.
DJ gave him a look.  “Take off.”  He stopped, and leaned into Hulk's hand.  “Take it off.”  Hulk nodded, glaring at Tony.
He leaned over to collect the blanket, and a small red notebook from the hearth.  “Have you even lit this fire since you were assigned this room?”
“Can I come sit with you?” Tony asked.  A bare movement on his chin, but it was a nod.  “Thank you.”
“I'm trying my best,” Steve said.  Tony didn't think about it, didn't even consider what he was doing, but suddenly, he was reaching for Steve's hand.  Steve's face went blank for a moment, confusion melting away into a warm smile.  His fingers wrapped around Tony's his grip warm and firm.
He stepped off the stairs, and the instant his foot hit the floor, a pale blue light bloomed, filling the cracks between the stones, flowing outward like water.  It lapped along the floor, swirling like mist around his boots, clinging to his legs as he walked.
“I knew you’d take care of him.”  And to his surprise, he realized it was true.  He met Jarvis’ eyes.  “Thank you, he’s…”  His voice trailed away.
Stark waved him off.  “Jarvis, as soon as Miss Potts gets home, do let her know that I'd like to speak to her, will you?”
She blinked up at Steve, black lashes sweeping over golden eyes.  “You’re the one he talks to.  Everyone else talks to him, but you’re-  You’re the only one he really talks to.” She smiled.  “You’re the one he trusts.”
“Look, I just don't show you the...  The naked pictures I drew of you,” Steve said, and he didn't know what he was saying, but maybe it was better to be thought of as the pervert who drew all his friends naked rather than the lovesick idiot who was drawing private porn that he didn't even know enough to keep private.  “Because I have them.  Naked pictures.  Of you.”
“Steven, I'm going to remind you that this is your problem, I'm going to have to insist you take care of it,” Jan said, and Tony leaned into her hands.  She braced her feet, struggling to keep him upright as he let the full brunt of his weight fall on her.  “Toooooooony, stop it!”
He shook both their hands. “Thus making you the smart one in the room,” he said, with a slight smile.
Steve studied him in the flickering light of the passing streetlamps.  “I can’t protect him if I don’t know what’s happening,” he said at last.  “You know that.”
Bruce nodded, very slowly.  “It’s about the bakery leftovers,” he said, looking around the kitchen.  He was holding his coffee cup in front of him in both hands, looking vaguely out of place.
“Well, my friends do,” Tony said.  He moved towards the door, only to find he was alone.  He paused, looking back over his shoulder.  Rogers was standing there, a very strange expression on his face.
Bruce nodded.  “I wouldn't blame you, and I wouldn't be surprised.”  He slipped through the door, pulling it shut behind him.
"None," Jarvis said.  "He has had a bowl of oatmeal, toast, and a cup of milk this morning."  He smiled down at DJ.  "And most of Peter's boiled egg, half of Miss Potts's roasted apple, and four slices of bacon that Bruce slipped him when he thought no one was looking."
He took a step back.  “Can I?”  His voice was very small, and very frightened.  He blinked at Harris.  “Can I?”
Everyone in the room turned to look at him.  Darcy.  Clint.  DJ.  Steve.  And two almost identical Tony Starks.
He nudged Steve to the side with a flicker of his elbow.  “Give me just-”  He pulled a handkerchief from his pocket, the white fabric already stained here and there with streaks of oil and dust.  “I can-” He looked at Steve.  “If you don’t mind?”
Tony grinned.  “The Valasquez sisters were both lovely, but they managed to find a flight home this year; no need to crash at my place.”  The identical twin supermodels had spent the week before Christmas the previous year parked on his couch, drinking eggnogg and beating Clint and Thor at Super Smash Brothers, but Tony wasn't about to tell anyone that.  They'd both benefited from the coverage from the gossip sites
Steve glanced over at the envelope.  He as pretty sure he'd never seen it before.  “Don't think so,” he said, but Sam handed it over anyway.  His name was written on the front, in Tony's strong, familiar hand.  He cleared his throat.  “Is Tony back at the tower?  I mean, he was here, earlier, and then...”  His voice trailed away, his face hot.
Pepper leaned against the tree next to him, her hair loose and her cheeks flushed as she sipped her wine.  Rhodey settled in for a nap, his head in her lap, and Pepper chatted with Natasha and Bobbi, her fingers playing idly over his hair.  Bobbi was working on her third flower crown of the afternoon, weaving together the stems of clover, mums, dandelions and daisies, the flowers plucked from the pile in Natasha's apron.
"Of course you are not, sir," Jarvis said, shutting the door behind him.  Having dispensed with the pleasantries of acknowledging his employer's existence, he turned his full attention to DJ.  "It is lunchtime.  Are you hungry?"
“And I felt it.  Terribly close.  Terribly familiar.”  She paused, her eyes at half mast.  “It was a shock.  That is my only excuse.”
Tony, for his part, was curled up against the other end, a blanket wrapped around his shoulders and head, scraps of tin foil and white butcher's paper scattered around the floor next to him.  There was a smear of what appeared to salsa on his neck and he was wearing socks that Steve were pretty sure belonged to Bucky.
“Jan-” Steve started, but she was already gone.  He stared after her, stymied.  “I don't suppose anyone would be willing-”
Steve caught himself smiling, even as he opened the pantry doors.  It, like the rest of the kitchen, was safely deserted, but he did spot the napkin covered basket on a shelf next to the door.   He picked it up.  "This?" he asked, returning to the kitchen.
“Glad to be doing business with you,” Phil said, heading for the bedroom.  “Be right back.  I need a shower, then I can help decorate.”
“Can we skip the history lesson?” Tony asked.  “I’ve heard it before.”  He jerked his hand back, and the king toppled over, clattering to the board.  “Dad liked to give me this exact lecture whenever I didn’t measure up, and you know it.”
Chuckling, Shuri darted after her, swinging from one side of the road to the other in fast, sweeping arcs.  “Do you not trust me, Okoye?”
His guard made a scoffing sound under his breath, shifting his weight so he could brace his back against the end of the pew.  “I live my life by simple rules, Stark.  Number one, don’t piss off Agent Romanov,” he said.
Tony twisted his head around, meeting Steve’s eye for a second before returning to his work.  “Fixing it,” he said.  He wrapped the rope around his hand and heaved himself upwards, the sole of his boot scraping against the stone as it slid downwards. “Or trying to.”  He gave the rope a sharp tug.  It didn’t move, and his breath left him in a sigh.  “What did you do to this?”
“A wonderful reward,” Jarvis said.  He glanced at DJ, his face relaxing into a smile.  “Come along then, young sir, and we'll begin preparations immediately.”
"Yeah, well, we're both gonna end up committed if he goes through with this, because I give him about three and a half minutes before he tosses Morrison out the damn window and into New York traffic," Tony said. He stripped his shirt over his head, throwing it in the general direction of the couch, and grabbed his phone. "What're the chances we can stall them until I get there?"
“Dunno,” Clint said.  He was doing his best to fend off a SHIELD medic.  Natasha was sitting on his other side, cleaning a gun and keeping Clint from fleeing entirely.  Tony wasn't sure if the gun was a threat or just a coincidence.   Clint gave Gyrich a shit-eating grin.  “Things got pretty chaotic there at the end.  What with a giant robot getting blown up.”
Tony’s hands caught the front of Steve’s sweater, his fingers locking on the fabric and pulling him in, and Steve let him, laughing as Tony’s mouth found his.  The kiss was everything he’d been hoping for, and it was somehow so, so much better, even as their noses bumped and the back of the couch became an frustrating impediment.
He looked down.  It might’ve been liquid.  It sure looked liquid.  He was pretty sure it shouldn’t have been liquid.  Or even semi-liquid.
The words sent a shiver of pleasure through him.  “Stay here,” he repeated, the words whispered against Tony’s jaw.
“You are a real piece of work, you know that, Rogers?” he managed, and his voice sounded tight and shaky to his ears.
“Okay.”  Clint rubbed a hand over his mouth.  “Okay.  If I think you're sick, or in danger, I have to tell Bruce and your dad.  But if you're just scared, that happens, right?  We all get scared, we all get freaked out and lose it a little, right?”
“I mean, we could-” Steve rocked forward, pressing him up against the wall, his weight pinning Tony in place. His shoulder bounced against the wall, and it protested, the skin going white hot for an instant, just long enough to clear his head..  Tony wrenched his mouth away from Steve’s, sucking in air like he was drowning, his vision going a bit blurry on the edges.  All of a sudden, Steve seemed perfectly content to stay right where he was, his hands tight on Tony’s ass, his face buried in Tony’s neck.  “Bed,” Tony managed, his fingers digging into Steve’s shoulders.  “Let’s-  Bed.”
“Right, they’re going to get expelled by Security,” Steve said, pushing himself to his feet.  “I’ll just-”
Charlie repeated that, word for word, while Tony stared at the ceiling and prayed for something approaching patience.  Finally, Charlie said, “She’s…  She’s on her way up, sir.”
Jarvis made a considering sound under his breath.  “You may have as many eggs as you’d like,” he said, reaching out to smooth DJ’s hair away from his face.  Tony watched them, his chest aching, the memory of that touch so strong that he could nearly feel it against his own skin.  Jarvis flicked a finger against the tip of DJ’s nose, making him laugh again.  “Do not accept the castoffs from any other plates.  Manners above all, young sir.”
Stalking back to the desk, he picked up the phone, stabbing the button for the kitchen.  A moment later, Jarvis’ smooth voice came across the line.  “Yes, sir?”
“I have class today,” DJ agreed.  He looked at the clock that Jarvis kept running for him at all times.  He should be getting ready.  “Soon.”
“Yeah, it was worth a try.”  Allison dug into her purse and came up with her phone. She pressed the record button and held it  up so Steve could see it.  “I was very impressed with how you handled your congressional testimony, Mr. Rogers.”
“Can we please just call the service?” Jess mumbled into Carol’s shoulder.  Carol patted her gently on the head and she made a sad noise.  “I really like our cleaning service.”
He stepped back with a nod.  “There.  Now, that we’ve taken care of that…” The young man stepped back towards the middle of the shop, making a magician’s pass with his fingers.  “I can fix this.”
“So I thought, maybe he likes me, but he still does his shifts at the VA, so I thought he might have met someone there or might be-”
"And I am honored," Thor said to the young woman who was trying, and failing, to get a tape measure around his bicep.  She turned a rather unfortunate shade of red.  He smiled at her, and her blush deepened.
"Because everyone has at least one solid gold, bulletproof kink," Jan said.  "Sometimes it's tight leather.  Or lacy underthings.  Or the sexy librarian look."  She paused.  "I do a mean sexy librarian."
“About half a mile less than the last time you asked me,” Happy said, hunched over the wheel, his hands locked in place with a death grip.  “And asking more isn’t making those miles pass faster.”
Tony didn’t respond, didn’t even move, just let him stalk out of the room.  Then he went back to collecting the remains of Ty’s plate, ignoring the way his fingers shook.
"Yeah, that's why you were lying on my kitchen floor a few minutes ago," Steve said.  He caught Tony's face between his palms, and leaned over to press a kiss to his forehead.
The door to the workshop swung open and Pepper strode in, her shoulders squared, her heels snapping against the floor.  “A week,” she said. “You couldn’t even make it a week.  I asked one thing from you, just one thing, and-”
He pulled his watch from his vest pocket, opening it with a brisk tap of his thumb.  He checked it with a faint frown.  “It is late.”  He looked up.  “And I expect this household to run as it always has tomorrow, which means that we should all take the chance to sleep while we can.”
Tony stared down at her.  “Break him of that,” he said, and the words cracked like ice between his teeth.
“At this point, it's a tossup,” Tony said, and chuckling, the woman lead the way through the back corridors, throwing open the door to the green room.
As impromptu photo ops went, it was pretty harmless.   A half a dozen photographers, all from highly reputable publications, were doing their best to get a few usable candid shots without getting in anyone's way.   Steve wasn't playing along, his head down, his body language tense, and they were giving him a wide berth.  Even Bruce was giving them more to work with, and they knew it.
“Oh, I don't know,” Steve said, pretending to think about it. “Thought Pepper said something about a factory full of workers in your employ.”  He looked at Pepper, his expression innocent.  “Didn’t you say that?”
“Because it’s a choice, not a prison,” Iron Man snapped.  “He controls it.  That’s how this works.  He has control over the damn armor, so yes.  He’s got a way to get out of it, if he needs to.”  The helmeted face tipped forward, blank and emotionless.  “And.  Again.  He’s not supposed to do that.”
“You shouldn't pick on him,” Steve said, closing the service window and securing it.  A moment later, he opened the driver's side door and slipped into his seat.  “He's good at his job.”  He gave Tony a look.  “And it's a horrible job.  With a very demanding boss.”
“He’s not a speed limit, Pep, he barely qualifies as a speedbump,” Tony said, his eyes narrowing at Peter.
He put pillows back on couches and wiped crumbs from tables.  He collected champagne flutes from the fireplace and forks from the lounge, put board games back in their boxes and turned off video game systems.  The tower was quiet now, with only the soft sound of the carols played over the sound system to keep him company.
Tony smiled.  “Okay.”  He stood up, tucking his hands in his pockets as DJ gathered himself, pulling Tony’s jacket in close to his sides.
“DJ’s got his entrance ticket, now we just need to figure out where to use it,” Tony said.  “We go back there, we split up so we’re not quite so obvious, and we go looking for the right door.”
“Right.” Tony took a seat on a stool, his elbows braced on the workbench.  “Well, I talk too much, but sometimes, they don't come out right for me, either.”  He reached for his coffee cup.  It was empty, and he frowned down at it.  “Reading's easier?”
Tony stopped in the middle of dropping the empty bottle in Steve’s recycling bin.  “It’s fine, what are you-”  He stopped.  “Oh.  That twitter feed.”
“It’s all so foggy,” Bucky said, with a deliberate wobble to his voice.  He reached up, touching his scarred temple with fingers that shook.  “I just-”  His eyes were huge when he looked back at Steve.  “Are you sure?  That she’s told me?”
Rogers' other eyebrow rose.  “Shall we dance?” he asked.  His chin was up, his jaw a sharp line of defiance.  “In that you don't have a partner, and I'd like some answers.”  His head tipped to the side, and a lock of his hair slipped down over his forehead.  “Unless you aren't capable of talking and dancing at the same time?”
Steve huffed out a breath.  "You know, I figured you'd be high maintenance when you were sick, but this wasn't what I had in mind."
“For all you know, I could!” Tony said, shaking out his fingers.  They tingled, and he ignored that.  “So don’t sneak up behind me like that, it’s fucking annoying.”
“Post their hours,” Rhodes said, striding down the street, his long legs eating up the distance without giving any impression of rushing.  He had a calm sort of confidence about him, and Steve got the feeling that he didn’t have to depend on the sword strapped to his hip very often.
“But he’s a dead end.  Everything he knows, we know.”  He looked around DJ’s room.  “The person who did this?  They were looking for a child, Tony.  Look at it.  They emptied the closet, the wardrobe.  They overturned the bed.  They even broke the shelves in the bathroom linen closet.
Tony took it and let Jarvis pull him to his feet.  “As an ‘I love you’ goes, I’ll take it,” he said.
But the lights were dimming, the mammoth space of the theater going dark, and DJ rocked back in his chair.  Tony squinted at him through the gloom, but the movie was starting now, the light of the projector flickering over the crowd.  All around the massive auditorium, people were shifting in their seats, excited murmurs and applause drowned out by the sound system roaring to life.
“Fine.” Tony slammed the glass down on the desk, sloshing brandy over his fingers.  He ignored that, and took a deep breath.  “Fine.  You want a plan?  Fine.  I have a plan.”
Sam stared at him.  Steve did his best to keep a straight face.  It wasn't easy.  Sam pulled out his phone.  Steve blinked.  “What're you doing?”
Steve’s lips twitched.  “We’ve just met,” he pointed out.  “And your first act was to steal from me.”
Tony nodded.  “Was he cruel to you?” he asked, cupping her face between his palms.  “Just say the word, and I’ll have him killed.”
Darcy was staring at the churro in her hand, her face set in a frown.  She tipped it to the side, releasing a cascade of cinnamon sugar.  “I paid nine dollars for this.”
“I know.” A beat of silence, of stillness, and then, Tony swung, one hand cutting through the holograms in a vicious, roundhouse punch.  The light shattered, raining down to nothingness.  Tony turned to face him.  “I know.”  His shoulders rose and fell, something like a shrug.  “I mean.  I’m the last one here to attack anyone’s coping mechanisms, because, God knows, mine are fucked up, they are, and I know they are.”
Sam grinned as he set the teapot aside and took a sip of tea, exhaling over the surface.  “God, you sound remarkably like my Grandmother.”
Steve realized his mouth was hanging open.  “You’re lying,” he said, flat out, and Clint burst into laughter.
“No smoothies,” Tony said, “you haven't finished recalibrating the-”  He stopped.  “Aaaaaand he's gone.  Why do I bother?  Seriously.  Why?  He doesn't listen, it's all I can do to keep him from lighting something on fire, and one of these days, he's going to do that, and tell Steve it was me, and Steve will believe him, because-” He threw his hands up.  “We're sleeping tonight,” he yelled across the workshop.  “Because I'm losing it!”
Tony’s knuckles dug into Steve’s chest.  “I’ll call the mayor’s office,” he said, his voice raw.  “And have you fired.  Then.  Then, will you leave?”
“We don’t tempt fate, you and I, we know better than that.”  She bent her head to her soup.  “Don’t we?”
“It’s become clear to me that I’ve been far too lenient in allowing you to skip meals,” Jarvis said, heading for the door of the dining room.  “I’ll speak to chef about a full breakfast for you today.”
"I can just eat in the kitchen," Steve said.  “I'm fine with that.  And it seems like it'll be easier than-”  He paused, then gestured at himself.  “All this.”
Pepper struggled not to smile.  “I appreciate the information.”  She reached for her purse.  “And-”  She pulled out a half dollar, the silver gleaming between her gloved fingertips.  She held it out to him, one eyebrow arched.  “And if you have any other helpful tips?”
“A right charmer, for sure,” she said with a chuckle.  The baby let out a whimper, and she reached for him.  “Give him here.”
Jarvis opened the curtains with a flick of his hands, making Tony wince.  "He has already finished his breakfast and wished to help me bring yours up." He stepped back, retrieving the tray from the bedside table.  "Wasn't that nice of him?"
Tony looked up, and Jarvis was smiling down at him, his eyes filled with tears.  “I always had faith in you.”
“You-” Clint pointed the mill at Steve.  “Are a wise man.”  He gave the mill a couple of quick twists, and tossed it back onto the counter.  “I hadn’t learned that particular lesson yet.”
“I guess we are,” Steve agreed. He glanced back over his shoulder, back at the penthouse, a feeling of melancholy, of loss, sweeping over him. “But he's made his choice. I need to respect that.”
He could hear that.  Somehow.  Steve could hear Tony, in the early hours of the morning, half awake, trying to figure out this newest puzzle, making the offer.  “I take it you were good with plants?”
She grinned, and she was all warm, soft curves and brilliant heat.  “You sure?”  She wiggled a little, and her top strained.
“I mean, margarita mix isn’t a bad idea, either,” Clint said, just as Tony pushed past two men wearing black business suits and ornate fairy wings.  As they passed, they left a cloud of glitter in their wake, which settled over Tony’s hair and shoulder.
“You're ungrateful, that's what you are,” Tony said.  He landed, his feet digging into the concrete of the floor.  A man in what looked like a black and orange lab coat made a lunge for a nearby panel, and Tony snagged him by the back of the coat.  “Don't know where you're going, but I know it's a bad idea to let you get there,” he said.  “Can someone-”
“This level of disrespect is stunning, you know that, don’t you?” Tony asked, but eating wasn’t an effort any more.  “I ought to fire you.”
Steve’s face relaxed into a smile.  “By ‘kitchen staff,’ do you mean Natasha and Clint, or Jarvis and Mrs. Parker?”
Obie nodded.  “That’s my boy,” he said, his voice approving.  And Tony hated how much better that made him feel.  Obie straightened up.  “Since you were late, though, I think you should clear the table tonight.  I’ll let Mrs. Arbogast know that you’re to wash the dishes tonight.”  He arched an eyebrow, a jovial smile on his face.  “I think that’s a fitting punishment, don’t you?”
Tony grinned at him, his eyes dancing.  “Finally.  I’ve scandalized you.  I’m oddly proud of myself.” He straightened up, dusting his hands off on his legs.  “Disappointed that it’s so…  Banal, but one takes one’s victories where one can.”
“Sean,” Steve said, from right behind Tony.  “What are you doing here?  How did you even get all the way out here?”
Sam watched Bucky go, one eyebrow arched.  “I mean, you are living with worse,” he said.  His head rolled in Steve’s direction. “I can still get you a spot in the barracks.”
Tony looked at him, confused, and Steve’s lips twitched into a faint shadow of a smile.  “A father might not be willing or able to pay the ransom, but if grandma or a great-uncle is pulled in, that changes things.”
“I work quickly when I want to,” Tony said.  He shifted, throwing one leg over Steve’s and settling his weight on his knees, straddling Steve’s hips.  He leaned over, his hands smoothing over Steve’s shoulders.  “All right, my hungry fellow.  I’ll be having that sketchbook of yours.”
That was as far as she got before Nat executed a neat turn, switching feet as she did.  Her heel clipped the back of Clint's head and he swayed in place for a second.  And then he pitched over, falling to the mats with a thump.
Tony nodded.  “I imagine it is.”  He picked his cup up, and set it back down again.  “You’ll tell me if you hear from him.”
“Right,” Bruce said, drawing the word out.  He scribbled a sequence of numbers on a nearby pad, and Tony reached out, slipping it from under his pen.  Bruce gave him a look, and Tony tossed the pad over his shoulder.  It hit something, and he didn’t really care.
“No, thanks, I’m-”  Another shake of his head, hard enough to send his hair bouncing.  “I’m better off not knowing.”  He pivoted on his heel, his arms folded tightly over his chest.  He was hunched into himself, his body swaying to some internal rhythm.  “Just-”  He managed a flat smile for Jan.  “Just give me the gist.”
“Sometimes, I’ll take your hand, or you’ll touch me,” Steve said, and his voice was tight, “and your hands are cold.  And it-” He swallowed, his throat working.  “It’s like you’re slipping away from me, or that you’re already gone.”  His eyes closed, a flicker of stillness.  “And it scares me.”
Tony grinned at him.  “Not for long.” He looked back at the old man, who was struggling to his feet now, setting his cane against the side of his stool.  “No, you don't have to-”
“So did we, and you ruined it, because here is my idiot of a brother, charmed into stripping down to his waist and trying to HELP you,” Shuri said.  She looked at Bucky.  “The two of them.  Covered in clay and mud and dung and whatever else they can try to make this thing into less than what it is, which, I remind you, is a hole in the ground with a mud lump put half over it.
The box slipped out of his fingers, crashing to the workshop floor, and Tony stumbled backwards, his shoulders hitting the wall.  He slid down to the floor, fighting the descent the whole way.  One hand bounced against the remains of the workbench, the raw, charred edge scraping against his palm.
“Your tattoo parlor is amazing,” Jess said.  “Amazing.  I mean.  I asked her how she ended up at the shop and she said she only had two interests, art and stabbing men who annoy her and that tattooing is the only career path that combines the two.”
Tony tucked his hands in his pockets, mostly to keep them from grabbing the front of Rogers' shirt and dragging him down.  “Steve,” he said, the word felt like a victory on his tongue.
The sun felt amazing on his face, and a few breaths of cool, clean air cleared away the last of the mental cobwebs.  He set the tray down on the table, and moved to the railing.  The suite might've been on the top floor of the hotel, but it wasn't a particularly tall building.  Even from here, he had a clear, unimpeded view of the city's main square below.
“Can we plan a heist, at least?” Darcy asked.  “Sexy siren distraction, elite hacker, some straight up muscle?”
Behind her, the door to the dining room opened, and swung closed.  No one came in, and DJ pushed back from the table, craning his neck to see if he could find out who was still outside.  “Steve?”
“I know!” It came out too loud, too sharp, and he stopped, shock and confusion sweeping over him.  He struggled to get himself back under control.  “I...  I know.”
He looked back at DJ.  “There’s empty seats.  Up on the mezzanine, the balcony.  It’ll be farther away.  And there’s fewer people up there, so if we need to leave, we won’t be in the way.  Likely, no one’ll even know.”  He straightened up.  “And-”  He shrugged out of his jacket, draping it gently over DJ’s head.  “There.  If it’s too bright or too loud, you can make it- Make it less.  You can muffle it, or make it stop entirely.”
“Yes, sir.”  Easier than the rest, there’d been nothing wrong with it, other than Justin’s general incompetence.  Not that he’d ever point it out, since ‘Justin says it can’t be fixed’ was about half of his jobs these days.
A sharp rap on the door was all the warning they got before it opened, and Director Fury leaned in. “Hey there, Starks,” he said, a hand braced on the doorframe.  “How’re we doing?”
“I don’t-” Steve’s fingers twitched, and he had to resist the urge to rip the pages out from under Tony’s pen.  “I have a job, Tony.  How can I work for you, I-”  He gritted his teeth to keep from saying something unforgivable. “I’ve been reassigned, and I need to report back to the station.  Tomorrow.”
There was a split second of stillness, and then DJ was off and running, a peel of laughter trailing after him like a cloud of dust.  Giving in to his own laughter, Tony took off after him, rounding the edge of the workbench and skidding across the floor.  He had longer legs, but DJ was quicker around the corners and used to dodging adults.  Laughing, he lead Tony on a merry chase around the workshop, and by the time Tony caught him, he was out of breath and laughing, too.
“Every time you walk up to my window and make that face, the one you make when you're trying to figure out the whole menu just by the scent-”
Steve glanced back over his shoulder.  Tony hadn’t looked away from his work, his fingers darting through the holographic projections with a speed that Steve could barely track.  His fingers were a blur of movement, cutting through the light with total assurance.  From the outside, it was a dance, it was a spell, it was miraculous.
Steve’s eyes were bright and warm in the firelight.  “Can I have anything?” he asked, with a soft smile.
“Lies do not become you,” Clint said to Phil, with a grin.  “You bribed the kid to make my t-shirts disappear.”
“Tony Stark is friends with ME,” Harris said, his voice dire.  “It is entirely one sided.  He tried to friend me on Facebook and I clicked the ‘reject’ button.”
“Can we not discuss this?” Steve asked.  He was slumped on the couch, his head thrown back, one arm draped over his eyes.
Tony stared down at the fingertip doing its best to grind a hole right through what was left of his breastbone.  "I'm busy that night," he said, because he never thought well on his feet in front of an angry woman.
Pepper rocked back in her chair.  “I’ll be honest,” she said.  “There’s so much redacting in that file, that nothing short of a microscope would allow me to look ‘closer.’  We’ve got locations, and dates and the implication that someone, probably multiple someones, think he’s very important.”
“I mean, playing hard to get is very, very hard,” Tony said, watching in appreciation as Steve crossed the floor towards him.  Tony let out a low soft whistle, and Steve laughed.  “But sometimes it’s worth it.”
Tony took one.  “A lot of boring people said a lot of boring things,” he said.  He rotated the spring roll between his fingers.  “I refuse to spread the boredom any further.”
Steve froze, his heart stuttering to a stop. When it started up again, it was going double time, his head spinning. “Tony?”
“Physically, no.”  Pepper leaned around Steve, one hand resting on his arm, a puckish smile on her face.  “But if you’d prefer to help Happy with his steps?”  Her voice ticked up at the end, a half question.
Steve met his eyes.  “I promise,” he whispered, and then pushed himself to his feet.  “I’ll be back as soon as I can.  But for now, I’ve gotta go back.  You know how the neighborhood gets when I’m not there to walk my beat.”
“Fuck,” Tony said, and he scraped a hand over his face, needing the physical pain to distract him from something worse.  “Right.”  He turned, and his foot collided with something, tripping him up.  He looked down to find DJ’s butterfly net pushed half under the bed.  He leaned over, collecting it.  The net was tangled, but intact, and he smoothed it out.  “Did you find anything that could help us?”
One of Natasha’s shoulders rose in a slight shrug.  “You are putting together quite the orchestra,” she said, her voice considering.  “And you don’t like Hill.”
“That'll make the proceedings awkward for everyone involved,” Rhodey said, but he was laughing, Tony could hear him laughing.
“You mean, he'll want to know what he has to complain about,” Pepper said, her chin braced on her folded hands.
“I would call it fine,” he said, and Bucky started to laugh.  Under the table, Steve kicked him in the ankle.
Steve laughed.  “I was the one who opened it,” he said, wiping his thumb across his bottom lip. “It’s good, though.”
“All the damn time,” Rhodey muttered.  “It’s the number one form of entertainment in this house.”  He flipped a page.  “Sometimes it’s not even for money.  Just bragging rights.  Or chores.”
Tony didn’t even look at him, done with this conversation already.  “A problem that money can, and will, fix.” He stabbed a period at the end of his signature, and tipped his eyes up.  Obie looked…  Almost confused.  As if Tony had surprised him, in a way that he was not prepared to deal with.  Tony set the pen down his fingers, resting against it for a moment.  “You know a liar when you see one, Obie.  You’ve always been very good at finding a cheat and a scammer.
Jarvis inclined his head.  “Of course, sir.  Enjoy your breakfast.”  He paused, pulling a flower out of his lapel and handing it to Tony.  “Good day, sir.”
DJ considered the label.  “Ooo.  Cheddar.”  He took a few, laying them out in the flat of his palm so they formed a wavy line.  “Just less.”  He tossed one in the air and caught it in his mouth, then reached for his juice. “And at the same time…   More?”
Pepper's eyes narrowed as she did some quick calculations.  "Very expensive, even if we're just going by materials, and I'm sure the manpower cost will push it into 'astronomical,'" she said.  "What is this for, I don't-"
“I’ll call for you,” Pepper said.  She reached out, her fingers just touching Bruce’s sleeve.  “Thank you.”
Before he could think better of it, Steve reached out, catching the hood and pulling it over Tony’s head.  Tony grinned at him from under the fabric, pushing it back with one finger.  Steve smiled back at him.  “Let’s find you some pants.”
"All of them!" She headed back into the penthouse, her hips swaying like a pendulum.  “Do not oppose me, Anthony, or I'll make you regret it.”
He scraped up the last of the soup, tipping the bowl to gather it together.  “So it's none of my business, now is it, if you're-”  He waved his spoon at them.  “Together.”
Nakia gave T’Challa a speaking look, one hand resting gently on Shuri’s head.  “I shall consider your offer, your highness,” she said.
“Typing's hard, too, I know, I know,” she said.  There was a faint buzz from her hip pocket, and she fumbled at her pants, finally coming up with her phone.  “Huh.”
“Can we, can we not do that?” Bruce asked from the workshop door.  “In that I…” His head twitched from one side to the other, his expression nervous.  “I would really prefer we don’t do that.”
“God, no, we’re talking them off the ledge, not riling them up,” Darcy said, taking a cup of soup out of his hand and putting it back on the tray.  “I tend to either bring up the Kardashians or give them an opening to tell me just how horrible The Big Bang Theory is.  Then, alcohol.”
“It’s like, it’s-”  She turned it over, nearly vibrating in place.  “When I was a kid, I had a Super Nintendo, but it was just the system, and all the games were on separate cartridges, and this is all the games I used to play, but on one machine, all ready to go.  Know what this means?”  She shoved it at him, her expression slightly manic.  “I.  Am going.  To kick.  Your ASS.”
“I would’ve said yes, but Nakia’ll take you down before you made it half a league,” he said with a grin.
DJ glanced at Steve, who was still smiling that smile that wasn’t really a smile.  “You don’t have to go back if you don’t want to, DJ.”  He braced his arms on the top of the steering wheel.  “I think that Stephen would understand if we gave him a call and told him that you’d be skipping this week.”
“What?” Tony shrugged.  “No one.  What do you mean, who’s going with us?  I’m sure he’ll drag my exhausted ass down to Mjolnir to start, but-”
“I'm working on it,” Bucky said.  He scowled at nothing in particular.  “I'm pretty sure he knows we're dating.  I just don't know if he thinks Misty's dating both of us, too.”
"But if I do that, how will you possibly learn to keep your opinions to yourself?" Steve told him.  "You're going to come over and help me paint."
“So things happen around me, that just means I’m an ordinary man who is-”  He didn’t know how to finish that sentence.  “Very unlucky.”
Maybe it was the gray, pale light filtering through the blinds.  Maybe it was the heavy, damp feel to the air, even here in his climate controlled bedroom.  Maybe it was just the almost inaudible sound of raindrops hitting the windows.
May raised a foot, tapping it lightly on the side of his ankle.  “Trust me.  When you find a partner you want to dance with, the view’s much better at eye level.”
“In our own charming way, yes, I think we do,” Steve said.  He held out a hand.  “Don’t suppose I can get a hug, here?”
“Because I have spent far too much of my wasted life in this city, they go off every thirty minutes before eight pm,” Tony said, sounding bored.
Tony's head bobbed, the barest hint of a nod, and he allowed Steve to muscle him across the parking lot towards his truck.
“Probably.”  Clea stepped onto the landing, a long parade of books bouncing along in her wake.  “What good timing.  I made a cake, I’ll fetch you a slice.”
The kiss was soft and sweet and over too soon, and Steve sat up again.  Tony breathed against his lips, water dripping from his nose, from his hair.  “Have I mentioned,” he whispered, the words soft against Steve’s skin, “that I have a pool?”
“Do I now,” Tony said, but he turned his head into Steve's palm, some of the tension seeping out of his body.
“Yeah, if he’s turned off his hearing aids, then you’re better off turning the shower on,” Tony said.  “It’s all that’s likely to work.”
Steve nodded.  “Understood.”  A ball came rolling down the street, and without thinking, he reached down to snag it.  A girl came running up the street, her schoolbag hanging over one shoulder, her skirts hitched up well over her knees.  Steve tossed the ball to her with a smile, and she caught it one handed.  Giving him a gap-toothed grin, she jogged back to where her friends were waiting, the red ribbons at the ends of her braids flapping in the breeze.
“I mean, and I speak from experience, it’s less trouble when you just give up and accept the inevitable,” Bucky said, staring into space.
“Well, I’ve been known to tramp it up,” Tony said, risking life and limb to take half a croissant off of Moondragon.
Steve looked back over his shoulder, his eyes scanning over the lawn, looking for movement, for anything that was out of place.  But everything was still, the grounds silent.  He took a deep breath.  “Deej?  Don’t go any further, and you can stay out here for a bit, all right?”
“And I wash my hands of it,” Pepper said.  She braced an elbow on the bar, looking around.  “Even for you, Tony, this is…  This is a lot.”
Cynthia nodded.  “Of course, Captain Rogers.”  She settled down at her station.  “It's part of my job to announce visitors.”
Tony looked at it.  “I want to hate it,” he said, slipping the paper from her fingers.  “But I don’t.”
“Well, if you insist.” Tony sank down on the crate with a faint groan.  He kicked his legs out in front of him and  leaned his shoulders back against the truck, his head tipping in Steve’s direction.  “Cookie?” he asked with big, hopeful eyes.
“Yes, I have.”  She looked at him, red hair curling against her cheek.  “I’ve read your file, and it is not the history of a cowardly man.”
“I wasted so much time,” Ellen said.  Her voice rose to a whining pitch, and that was not very professional.  She should probably try to be more professional.  “So much fucking time, Jesse.”
“You’re still at Tony’s penthouse, aren’t you?” Steve asked.  He pinned the phone between his shoulder and his cheek, checking on the paper bag.  “I can come over.”
Steve never stirred, he just let out another small, light snore, his fingers curled against his cheek.
"Only those who have a proper lunch are allowed shortcake, sir," Jarvis said.  He watched the ball bearings roll across the workbench.  "Do you like these?" he asked DJ with a slight smile.  DJ nodded, holding one out to Jarvis.  He took it.  "Thank you!"
He wrenched the driver’s door open, and slipped behind the wheel.  Stark flicked at the nametag with one finger, then, with a sigh, rolled his shoulders.  The armor began to collapse, rolling back from his body with a flicker of plates folding out of the way.  “DJ,” he called.  “Give Steve your backpack.”
Logan shook his head.  “Chuck keeps tabs on these things, too,” he said.  “Gyrich's been in and out of a couple of highly classified government agencies through the years, not sure if he couldn't get anything to stick, or if he was just hunting for a place he felt he could build a power base.”
Rage rushed in to fill the hollow space in his chest, white hot and cleansing.  “Hey!”  His feet were back under him, and he didn’t remember getting up, he didn’t remember moving, but he was running now, running full out, with a speed that he hadn’t even known he was capable of.  But the man was running too, his foot catching an end table as he passed, sending it crashing to the ground.  The vase on it went tumbling, shattering on the floor, and Peter vaulted over it, bouncing off the wall and landing on his feet.
“Boys!” Mrs. Parker headed down the stairs, shaking her head.  “If you’re done playing, you have a job to do.  Can we please focus?”
“Dinner,” Phil agreed, and Clint was whistling as he wandered out of Phil’s office, his hands in his back pockets.  Phil realized he was still smiling as he went back to his forms.  “So.  Here to break my kneecaps?”
“Fast,” Rhodes said with a grin, rolling up his sleeves.  There was a toolbox within easy reach, and he pushed it open with a practiced movement.  “Very fast.”
“I didn’t,” Shuri said, taking it from Okoye’s hand.  “You did.”  She reached into her boot for her knife.  “We are surrounded by princes, Okoye, and our lives are harder for it.”
DJ's head tipped to the side.  “If it's ours,” he said, the words slow, “then we know how to break it.”  His smile was just as slow, just as certain.  “If it's ours, we can break it.”
“It could be, if Pepper had more of a sense of humor,” Tony said.  He traded the rice for the chow mein.  “I did have it put on a coat of arms once.”  He grinned around the tips of his chopsticks.  “There were some pretty suggestive lugnuts involved.”
Tony didn’t bother looking back at him.  “They’re in the ‘making a public spectacle of themselves’ stage of making up, so as far as I’m concerned?”  He reached in his pocket for his phone.  “Yes.”
"Right.  Because tequila and cold medicine mixes so well," Steve said, shaking his head.  He looked down at Tony, trying to look stern.  It was a losing proposition.  "Tea or juice."
“Theft,” Mrs. Arbogast said.  “There used to be a lot more staff, I should know.  But one of the maids tried to steal from him, and after that-” She snapped her fingers.  “All of them.  Gone.”
DJ was digging through the hooks of accessories behind them, his face a picture of concentration.  “No gloves, either,” he said.  “And I can’t find-”
He nodded.  "Fine."  He didn't sound very certain at all.  He glanced at Steve, who wondered if he was looking for reassurance or just support.  Either way, he was worried that Stark had turned to him to get it.  "Fine.  It's...  Fine."
“We’re being healthy when it involves melon,” Darcy said.  She straightened up, her head tipping towards the prep area behind the serving counter.  “Benito!  My man!  I need a tiny favor, teeny-tiny, not even worth-”
Tony grinned at him, even as he brought his knees up to straddle Steve's hips. “As long as you want,” he whispered.
Every head swiveled in Clint’s direction.  He was sitting at the bar, his eyes wide, his hands braced on the battered wood.  His head dipped in a slow nod.  “Oh,” he repeated.
“In a manner of speaking,” Clea said.  He heard her walk around the workbench.  “Stephen, for all his pride, is mortal.  And this is taking a toll on him.”  There was a scrape of metal against stone, and Tony did not turn around.  “He knows better than to burn the last of his strength out of spite.  DJ might need more from him than your Captain does.”
Obie, who’d just stepped into the billiard room, moved out of her way.  “My apologies, Mrs. Parker.”  He nodded in Steve’s direction, but his attention was focused on Tony.  “Officer.”
Jarvis didn’t step back.  He just stood there, a faint smile on his face.  “No, sir.  I could not.” He reached out, tapping Tony in the middle of the chest with a single finger.  “And neither can you.”
Tony clutched his chest with both hands.  “Madam!  I’m wounded!  And here I thought  we were friends.”
Tony’s head cocked to the side. “That’s because it’s not,” he said with an easy smile before digging into his food.  “But I’m a man of many talents, and you’re seen H+sank’s shop.” He waved his spoon at Steve.  “He doesn’t have enough business to support himself, let alone an apprentice.”	1qwesq shook his head.  “When it’s slow at the shop, Hank’s well pleased to be rid of me, so I do my best to make myself useful elsewhere.” He leaned back, looking up at the awning with a satisfied smile.  “I’m fairly good at fixing things, and in a city like this?  There’s always something that needs fixing.”
Jarvis looked up from the act of tidying something that did not need to be tidied.  “Does it?” he asked, all feigned innocence.
Steve chuckled.  “Being hungry tends to make you practical,” he said, half rolling on his side.  “You can have it, if you want.”
“Don't knock it til you've tried it,” Clint said.  He'd acquired a fake rose from somewhere, and had it tucked behind one ear.  “Keeps most of the team off the streets and out of jail.”
“No,” DJ said.  His face was still pink, his hair was tangled, but he seemed steadier on his feet now.  Steadier than Tony was, at any rate.
Sam sighed.  “Maybe because when it’s me, you flat out say you don’t want to date me.  And when it’s Tony, your response is to try to find out what gave you away.  Which seems, you know, kind of telling, Steve.”
O'Brien considered that.  "And yet, when he was brought in, those were the first words out of his mouth.  What're we to think, Rogers?"
“You’re not what I was expecting, either,” he said.  “Swear to me.  That whatever you’re doing, when you jump my fence and disappear, that you’re not risking your life for me.”
"I rechristen these, 'the dinner plates,'" Tony said, pulling one out of the cabinet.  "Not the good china, not the Clint china, but the dinner china."
DJ stared at the tv.  “When I was-”  He stopped, unsure of how to make the concept fit what he was, what he had been.  “New,” he said, and that word wasn't right, but his words often weren't right.  He was used to it.  Used to the frustration of words being wrong, or being just right enough that he could use them without worrying that he'd confuse everyone.  “Back when I was just Dummy, I got-”  His fingers rubbed against the curve of his knee, back and forth, trying to ease the ache there.  “Lost.”
“He started bootlegging,” Bobbi agreed.  “And he was good at it.  He was very good at it.  At making a product that could be relied upon to be clean, hygienic and relatively tasty.”  She paused.  “Also, wouldn’t make you go blind.”
Steve's fingers flexed on the edge of the bench, his knuckles going white with the pressure.  "I might've gotten married."
“Most things are,” Tony said, working at a stubborn screw.  “At least as far as you’re concerned.”  He glanced over at DJ, who was organizing his extensive array of screwdrivers by size.  “Which one’s your favorite?”
Steve opened the passenger door.  “So they know it’s time to run.”   He met Tony’s eyes over the top of the car.  “If you don’t want me to be a target, get in the car.  As long as you’re standing here, so am I.”
Steve paused, confused, but the elderly lady next to him made a scoffing noise under her breath.  “It wouldn’t open,” she said, slamming her ladle against the side of the kettle.  She scowled up at Tony as she slapped the cover back in place.  “Too sunny today.  I need it to work.”
Maya's head popped back out of the stockroom, her dark eyes narrowed on DJ.  "You are so late," she said.
"Nonsense is nice sometimes," Steve said to Stark, who still hadn't moved.  "Sure, fairy tales are all about knights and dragons and evil witches.  But they're also about loyalty and bravery, about doing things that are frightening, because they're still the right thing to do.  They're about being creative and smart and learning from your mistakes, and remembering what your parents told you, but finding out things your parents couldn't have dreamed of."
“He’s fine,” Jan said, hopping down to the ground.  “Mad as a we cat, but fine.”  She paused, her eyes darting towards Greer. “Uh, sorry?”
Jan took another bite, her eyes never leaving Steve's.  He could almost see the wheels turning behind those remarkable eyes, her quick mind making connections he wasn't sure he wanted her to make.  She set the rest of the toast down and dusted off her fingers on a cloth napkin.  “This is important to you.”
“Yeah, totally,” he said, because fuck it.  Fuck it all.  “Have you guys finished killing the damn deathbot yet, or what?  I mean-”
“If you’re going to the kitchen, yes, I’d like a bottle,” Harris said.  He smiled.  “I didn’t quite make it.”
“Is there any way to stop you?” Tony asked, his voice just barely polite. Steve choked on a laugh, and when Tony gave him a look out of the corner of his eye, he managed a benign smile.
Bucky, pacing around the room, grabbed the ladder and gave it a brisk shake.  It clattered against the stone, throwing off cobwebs, but it held despite the abuse.  Danvers fell silent as Bucky clambered up the ladder into the loft.  There was a moment of silence.  “I’ll sleep up here,” Bucky declared.
Tony took a deep breath, trying to steady his heartbeat.  “Fine, I'll buy dessert.”  It was flippant, the words slipping out without a thought, but Steve's face split in a grin.
Something fluttered against her stomach, and she fumbled for it.  "Don't know.  This might," Jesse said.
It hadn't worked on his father.  Tony locked his jaw, keeping the words caught behind his teeth with a force of will.  “I'm sure that some woman, somewhere, just shuddered in abject horror, and has no idea why,” he mused.  “In that you just made marriage sound like the most unpleasant job posting.”
Steve shook his head as they headed down the walk and around to the garage.  “I think we both know I won’t be coming back.”
Steve looked down at himself, nonplussed.  Stark tipped his head to the side.  “I think it's quite nice.  You know.  For a loaner.”  He tapped a finger against his lips, his eyes locked on Steve.  Steve shifted his weight, embarrassed, and Stark nodded.  “A bit tight, but many a man would do the same if he had shoulders like that.”
Tony looked at Steve, who arched an eyebrow at him.  “You know my opinion about that,” Steve said, with a ghost of a smile.
Sam nodded.  "Steve?” He glanced at Steve, his mouth drawn up in a lopsided smile.  “I think you did get married.”
“You need to get past the job title, fella, nobody does what they get paid for around here,” Happy said.
Steve’s eyes slid shut.  “Right,” he managed.  “Right.”  Another deep breath, and another, and for the first time in days, he didn’t feel like he was choking.  He opened his eyes.  “So.”
DJ snagged his bag, shifting it up to his shoulder.  It settled into place, a familiar, comforting weight against his back.  “Lasagna’s good,” he offered.
“Okay, you can be a little sorry about that,” he said, settling down and tugging Tony into the shelter of his body. Tony twisted in his arms.  “Okay?”
Steve smiled back.  “Next time a spaceship is crashing down on a crowd of civilians,” he said, “I'll remember your advice.”
She smiled back, her face going soft . “Really?” she said.  She took the cup from him.  “Thank you.”
Steve’s shoulders tightened, his jaw locking in place.  A great many words, most of them ill-advised, piled up behind his teeth, but before any of them could escape, Tony cut him short.  “I will not allow my house to be occupied.  No matter who is giving the orders, this is still my house,” he said, his words curt.  “And I’ve no interest in seeing uniforms marching up and down my halls.” He flipped to another page, his lashes sweeping low over his eyes.
He glanced up.  Pepper was staring at him, her eyebrows arched, her mouth hanging open.  He spread his hands in a 'I don't know' gesture, and her head fell back.  “You got married,” she said, to the ceiling.  Or perhaps God.  He'd driven women to prayer before.
“Too small.  What does he want?” Her fingers tapped against the wood of the banister, sharp and staccato.  “What does he-”
“Snooping,” Bobbi said.  She pulled one leg up, bracing her arm on her knee.  “With the boss' permission, it seems.”
Bucky ducked under his horse’s neck.  “Here.”  He tossed T’Challa a pear, its damp, pale green skin catching the sunlight.  “She likes those.”
Sue tapped her hand gently against the boy's.  He grinned, wide and bright, and bounced off across the workshop, ducking around Tony's legs and past the workbench.  “Smoothie!”
It had a strange weight, for something so delicate.  He brought his head up and felt the petals shift against his hair, against his forehead.  He gave her an uneven smile.  “Thank you,” he said.  He reached up, his fingers brushing over a flower.  “Thank you.”
Pepper handed the notebook to Rhodey, who tucked it into the pocket of his vest.  "You can have it back when you're done with your dinner," Rhodey said.
“I think that’s my line.”  Tony took a seat at the end of the bed, leaning over to pry his shoes off.  When the second one dropped to the ground, he straightened up with a groan.  “You know, this would’ve been awkward if Clint or Darcy had beat me back here.”
He moved away from the workbench, talking the entire time.  “On the shelves?  Perhaps, there’s a lot of space behind the books.  But maybe under the chairs, or-”
Tony dropped the phone back into the cradle.  He looked up to find Obie watching him, a strange expression on his face.  Tony smiled at him, his lips thin against his teeth. “Learning from my father’s mistakes,” he said, lowering himself into his chair, bracing his elbows on the top of his desk.  He folded his fingers in front of his mouth. “I overheard a lot of things.”
“Noted.” Tony reached out, his fingers trailing over Steve’s cheek.  “Let’s just skip opening presents and stay here for the rest of the day.”
Once upon a time, there was a boy, who had lost everything, including his home.  Once upon a time, there was a boy who was desperately seeking the truth, and a way to outrun his past.
From the living room, there was silence.  Then, “I'd argue, but I find this dominating side of you to be very attractive for some reason.”
Outside, the sidewalks were swarming with people, parents making sure that their children were bundled up against the cold, adults buttoning their coats and tugging on gloves.  Light spilling from the lobby doors spilled out into the city streets, lit by the lamp posts and the cars speeding by.  Despite the hour, it was busy, full of light and noise and people, the way only New York seemed to be.
“Luckily for you, I can be very small and have wings, so you can throw me a very long distance,” she said cheerfully. She leaned in, her mouth curving in a slight smile. “Steve? If I didn't think that he felt the same way, I'd be giving you the shovel talk right now.”
Steve pulled a sack of apples and a couple of oranges out of the fridge, dropping them onto the cutting board.  “Is DJ charging, or asleep?”
Pepper gave him a look.  To Steve, she said, "I know it's frustrating to be stuck on the sidelines, but right now?"  She turned her full attention back to Steve.  "The press is in a rather rabid state.  In a few months, you'll be old news."
“He’d be very proud of you,” Steve said.  He sat back on his side of the bed, and Tony reached out, resting a hand on Steve’s knee.  Steve covered his hand with his own, lacing their fingers together.
He laughed, a horrible, fractured sound.  “Nothing,” he said, mostly to himself.  He shook away the touch, his arm coming up with more force than he’d intended.  The hand fell away, and as soon as it was gone, he regretted it, he regretted everything.  “Or, at least, nothing I have to offer.”
Bruce went to look at his watch and nearly dropped both the bowl and the box.  For a moment, he just juggled them both, finally managing to wrap his arms around the box.  Steve was pretty sure whatever was inside, it didn’t survive.  “Nearly ten pm,” Bruce said.
Sam blinked.  “Oh.  Yes.  Yes, of course.”  His eyes darted to the side.  “He usually doesn't stay under this long, to be honest, so I don't-”  He rubbed the back of his neck.  “I don't have to worry about it for very long.”
Tony glared at him.  “You,” he said, stabbing a pen in Peter’s direction, “are absolutely going to college.  I didn’t force march you into two separate prep schools so you could give up and go be lazy just when it comes time for you to finish your training and start taking over the boring, mundane tasks that I do not want to do.”
“He fills it up and waits for the tub to absorb the heat, then drains it and refills it with fresh hot water,” Tony said.  “And that’s when he adds the bath salts and anything else, so-”  Steve was staring at him, a frankly pitying look on his face.  Tony sighed.  “Fine, I’ll do it myself.  Eat.”
“And he'll discover a little more room when it's time for dessert,” May said.  She craned her neck, looking towards Steve's plate.  “Did you get enough, dear?”
Occasionally, their procession had crossed paths with a smaller caravan of traders, their wagons drawn by rattling little machines or heavy draft horses.  A group of students, on their way back from an expedition into the mountains, had paused by their campfire, chattering and enthusiastic about their work, despite the filthy state of their clothes and their sunburned faces.
Steve caught his jaw, and tugged his head back around, his fingers gentle on Tony’s cheek.  “I love you,” he said.  “And I need you right now.”
“Sound asleep on the pool table,” Natasha said.  “His back is going to be very displeased with him tomorrow.”
May’s arms went around his waist, and Tony froze in place.  Her grip was surprisingly strong, despite her thin frame.  He took a breath, and it hurt, it hurt in a way he couldn’t define.  His breath hissed between his teeth. “I believe I’ve mentioned that I don’t really want-”  He stopped, trying not to lean into her.  “This sort of thing.”
“The penthouse,” she said.  Her fingers rubbed on his cheeks, tingles of pressure.  “You went to the penthouse.  Do you remember?”
That startled a laugh out of him, sudden and real, before he clapped a hand over his mouth to muffle it.  Tony grinned at him, warmth blooming in his chest.  “See, Rogers?  We can be friends.  Humor me.”
“Okay, but anyway, he stepped out and while he was checking his equipment, Stark and Fujikawa came out of one of the other buildings.”  She shrugged.  “Right place at the right time, but at the time, he only recognized Stark, so-”
“Good.” Tony pulled a few bills from his wallet and folded them over between his fingers and thumb. “Take Mr. Hammer here, and-” He leaned in, whispering a few words into Happy's ear. Happy's eyebrows twitched, but he nodded.
“Where have you been?” Obie’s fork clicked against the plate as he set it down, and he reached for his wineglass.
“But he's not going to pick up,” Tony finished for her. “Right.” The doors opened, and he slid out. “I'm on my way.”
“Yes, sir.” Tony resisted the urge to scrub his hands on the legs of his pants.  It wouldn’t do much good, they were as filthy as his hands.
Steve exhaled, and it ached, along every inch of his body.  “He runs away.  A lot,” he said.  He turned around, looking back at DJ.  “That’s how I met him, the first time.  He’d smuggled his way out of the building in a bin of dirty linens.”  Steve smiled.  “I nearly had a heart attack when he overturned the whole thing and came rolling out.”
“We are absolutely going to have sex in the car,” Tony said, his head lolling back on his neck. “Take the long, long way back.”
“Yeah, I figured that out,” Steve said.  He arched up, pressing a gentle kiss to Tony's forehead.  “If you need to go downstairs, I'll come with you.  But no sneaking off in the middle of the night, okay?” He rocked back to his feet.  “If I have to chase you down and haul you back to bed, I'm going to be annoyed.”
“You got me into this,” Duck said, his voice dire. “And you're going to get me out of it.” He hooked a thumb over his shoulder at his office. “Get in here.”
“I’m not going to eat it,” Tony said.  Jarvis paused next to his chair, his head tipped in Tony’s direction, his eyebrows arching in an expression of quiet reproach.  Tony gritted his teeth, doing his best to hold his ground.  “I won’t.”
“Less blessing, more drinking,” Steve told him.  He reached for the cabinet of the cleaning supplies.  “I saw your YouTube video.”
He leaned forward, one knee drawn up against his chest.  “The company has a twitter, and I know when it’s him, when he’s the one running it.  He tells us all their bad game ideas.  I think, mostly to shame them into not using them.  And he replies to people, giving them hints, when they’re stuck.”  He rested his chin on his knee.  “He has a dog that comes to the office sometimes, and the dog takes over social media those days.  And I think he’s dating someone there.
Steve ignored that.  “Where’s the gun Stane gave you?” he asked.  Hammer opened a drawer on his desk, and Steve’s hand tightened on the shield.  “Slowly.”
The sudden, sharp pain of teeth sinking into his wrist cleared his head in an instant, and DJ’s eyes went wide, his fingers spasming on the handle of the cup.
“I regret so much already, what makes you think I'll even notice one more?” Tony asked.  He scrubbed his head with both hands, letting the suds go everywhere.  There was something satisfying about that.
"You believe what you want to believe," Tony said, because bullshitting was so much more fun when it wasn't bullshit at all.  "What plates?"
Steve caught him, arms around Tony’s waist, the shield coming up to protect Tony’s back, his head, sheltering him the only way the Steve could manage, even as he lifted Tony physically off the ground.  For an instant, Tony’s skipped across the surface of the road, his body tight against Steve’s, his arms around Steve’s neck.
Rhodey saluted him with his cup.  “Steve?  You bring these things?  And I’ll give you whatever intel you need.”  He picked up the croissant and took a healthy bite.  “Whatever you want to know.”
"And I'm fine," Bruce said, his lips twitching.  His head tipped forward, just far enough so he could look up at Tony from under the heavy line of his brows.  "Right?"
She looked at the cake, a faint smile on her face.  “I owe you an apology,” she said.  She gestured at one of the stools on the other side of the workbench. “May I?”
Jan took a deep breath. “So your plan,” she said, her voice taking on an edge, “was to stand around and look as hot as possible in the vain hope that he'd break first and throw himself into your arms?” Steve opened his mouth, and Jan just kept going. “In the hope that he'd declare himself first so that you wouldn't have to take any sort of an emotional risk at all?”
“At this point, it’s a tossup what’ll break first,” Steve said, crouching down next to the fire, “the chimney or your foot.”  Bucky aimed another kick at at loose stone and Steve fended him off.  “I mean, unless you’re determined to tip the odds.”
Steve gritted his teeth against saying something that he really shouldn’t.  “I mean, I could still do that, if that’s what you think,” he said as they boarded the elevator.  “I can still outrun you.”
“Going,” Tony said, and he went, and Steve was right behind him.  He was pretty sure that Steve was laughing, and even more sure that Steve thought he didn’t know.  He glanced over his shoulder, giving Steve a bright grin.  “See what you did?”
Tony smiled at him.  “It’s fine,” he said, and when Steve opened his mouth, he held up a hand.  “It’s fine, Steve.  Honestly.”  He rocked back on his heels, his shoulders back, a slight smile on his face.  “I’ve known her since her unicorn phase.”
“I-” Steve’s thumb swept over the back of Tony’s hand, unable to resist one more small, intimate touch.  “I should get back to my room.  Before morning.”
“Yes?” Tony said, and he was confused. Steve could see it on his face. He was honestly and truly confused.  Pepper, meanwhile, was hiding a smile behind one hand.  DJ was watching them both, his eyes darting between them.
“He’s simple, Tony,” Obie snapped, and Tony stopped, blinking.  Obie’s mouth worked, his face suddenly florid.  “He’s of inferior genetic stock, and he’s-  He’s simple.”
She studied a set of holographic armor, pulling it apart with gentle fingers.  Plating.  Electrical systems.  Weapons.  Relays.  “Magic is part instinct, but far more of it is careful study.  Learning from those who learned before you.  Rules can be broken, but you must understand the rules before you can come to see how they can be subverted.  A being running on instinct may be able to brute force their way way past a rule, but it will catch up to them in the end.
Tony made a show of digging in his pockets. “You mind going and having a beer instead of staying for the show?”
"It is perhaps a holdover from his younger days, when some visitors were..."  Jarvis paused.  "Likely to see the bedroom first and foremost.  Perhaps to the exclusion of all other spaces."
“Comeuppance,” Steve said, his voice bright, and quickly got out of range when Sam took a swing at him with his flowers.  Laughing, Steve backed up, holding his hands up in a gesture of surrender.  “So suave, so charming, I can’t believe-”
On the other side of his desk, separated from him by that gulf of polished wood, Peter paused.  He swallowed, his throat bobbing.  “I know the only reason I’m here is because Uncle Ben died at the factory,” he said, and it was so small, so quiet, and it fell like a rock into the space between them.
Peter covered DJ’s ears.  DJ frowned, his head tipping back to look up at him, his expression betrayed.  “Sorry,” Peter told him.
Rogers leaned in.  "Pure Irish cheek," he said, with a broad, almost comical brogue.  "What's it t' ya, pally?"
“Or Jarvis could do his damn job,” Tony shot back.  “Which seems like a much better idea to me, so-”
Tony leaned back against the pillows.  “I got hurt,” he said, because that seemed to be the easiest way to say it.  “But we weren’t alone.  Were we?”  DJ shook his head.  “That’s right.  Pepper and Rhodey and Happy were there, and they took care of me.  Of us.”
“Art school?” he managed, and Tony was laughing against his throat.  Steve grinned at nothing and everything.  “You making assumptions there?”
“No.  You have horrible taste,” Tony said.  “What the hell am I doing today that requires the Brioni?”
Logan's smile was quick and sharp.  “We both know that's not true.”  He pushed the door open.  “Be careful.  It's easy to make enemies when you step out of line.”  And then he was gone.
“I’m going, I’m going,” Tony said, laughing.  He headed for the door, pausing just long enough to look back at Steve.  “We’ll figure it out.”
“Imagine the scene,” Clint said, his head tipping in Steve’s direction.  “Me.  Standing there like a wax dummy, hugging a vase, looking every inch like the idiot I am.  Nat, clinging to the shelves about eight feet off the floor.  Stark and Rhodes and Potts all standing at different doors, guns cocked and ready to fire.   And Nat goes-”  He paused, his lips twitching.  “‘It seems like you could use some additional staff.  We should never have gotten this far.’”
“Anyone who tried would’ve given me back,” Tony said with a wry smile.  “Probably before they’d gotten to the edge of the property, and I’ve only improved with age.”  He reached for his coffee, and Obie held out a hand.
Clint took them.  “He can have my Johnny Cash shirt over my dead body, and what the hell is manatee?  What manatee?”  He tossed one of the bottles up, and started juggling them with an easy, practiced grace.  “I don’t-”  He stopped.  “Oh, wait, the shark one?”
“Yeah, but I don’t want to get mine dirty,” Bucky said.  Sam gave him a firm shove on one shoulder, and he rocked forward.  “Hey!”
"Yes," he said.  It was the truth.  Which seemed odd.  He'd expected panic, or fear, or anger, but...  Tony was there, smiling that tired, lopsided smile of his, and that changed things.  "Actually, yes.  I'm okay."
Steve leaned into his touch.  “I don't know, nineteen, I think?” He smiled at Tony.  “He was right.  Guy was more than willing to play me along, but wasn't...  Honest.”
There was a long beat of silence, broken only by the continued discussion down on the main floor.  “That,” Bobbi said, her voice awed, “was a thing of beauty.”
He wasn’t sure how long he’d been sitting there, focusing on his breathing, but a sharp rap on the window, just next to his head, had him fumbling for the button.  “What,” he said, not bothering to open his eyes.
“I think it’s yours by right of eminent domain,” Carol said, her hands in the back pockets of her jeans, stepping aside so he could leave the kitchen.  She looked back at Greer.  ”Greer, Clint needs help getting past the hard part in his zombie game.  You in?”
“He can’t go back,” Tony said.  His chest ached, in a way that had nothing to do with bullets.  “Whoever’s after me, if they didn’t know about him before?”  He met Jarvis’ eyes.  “They do now.”
Tony lunged, all the rage and guilt and fear that was burning through him disappearing in a a single, clear-headed moment of movement.  His hand caught Stane’s face, slamming Stane’s head back into the solid wood of the desk.  He felt the impact through his hand, through his arm, shuddering all the way through his body, and his fingers relaxed, letting Stane drop.
Obie smiled, his eyes crinkling at the corners.  “Oh, you can’t?” he asked, his fingers rattling against the arm of his chair.  He exhaled.  “Tony.  You can’t just…  Keep the child.”
DJ shifted against his side, his fingers flicking against the edge of the pages, and Steve turned his attention to the words.  "Once upon a time," he said, "there was a little boy who wanted to be a knight."
“Off to bed, with all of you,” Jarvis said, collecting the cups from the table.  “There’s guards all over the grounds.”
The line connected with a click, and there was a second of silence.  Then, “Hi, uh, Tony Stark’s phone?”
“In full view of the western end of the estate, and the wall that runs along the access road,” Natasha mused.
Tony was seated at the desk next to the bed, his jacket hanging from the chair behind him.  His shirtsleeves were rolled up to his elbows, his vest unbuttoned.  His dark hair was rumpled, showing clear furrows where his fingers had dug through the locks.  The lamp cast the planes of his face in stark relief, accenting the high arch of his cheekbones and sweep of his lips.
“You’re both going to be on an extended sugar high,” Darcy said, reaching over and stealing a petit four off of Harris’ plate.  He pushed it over so she had more access.  “Up til the middle of the night, then-” She tossed the cake into her mouth.  “Boom. Hard crash.”
Steve choked on a laugh, his hand clamped over his mouth.  Grinning, Tony pushed himself to his feet.  “There's no way I can do this without another beer,” he said.  Onscreen, the bevy of bathing beauties did a very well executed dance with spinning parasols, and Tony felt a headache coming on.  “Or a bottle of scotch.”
For a moment, there was stillness.  Then, slowly, Agatha turned to look at him, her expression incredulous.   Harris stared back at her, his hands locked on the broom.  “Excuse me?” she said, her voice rising to a dangerous pitch.
A moment later, he set a second cup next to the first one.  He could try a little cautious optimism.
Tony smirked into his coffee cup.  “Oh, that would be a shame.  If something were to...  Happen to it.”
“Anyway,” Carol said, “it DID get turned on and now it’s a hot tub full of bright red, bubbling, viscous liquid.”  She paused.  “That’s when Jess yelled ‘Magma, all in!’ and jumped in fully clothed.”
“It’s a mystery,” Tony agreed.  He picked up the water.  “I’ll be into the cooking wine at this rate.”
The ring was a smooth, polished circle of white gold, understated enough that it was overshadowed by the larger, flashier pieces of jewelry that surrounded it.  But even at a distance, he could make out a subtle, sophisticated pattern etched into the metal.  Tony leaned in, shading his eyes as he tried to get a better look.
“That's just the fried chicken talking,” Steve told her with a grin.  The waffle maker timer went off, and he straightened up.  “And as nice as you seem, I've got a boyfriend.”
Steve nodded.  “There's a boy there.”  At least he hoped there was.  But this, he could work with this.  His head was already spinning, possibilities unfolding so fast that he knew it was going to lead him nowhere but into trouble, but he was used to that.  He looked at Miss Potts.  It might be worth it.  “DJ.”
“We’re going to get him back, Tony.”  He let go of Tony’s arm, his hand falling away with great amounts of reluctance, and he grabbed the strap of his shield instead, his fingers locking in place.  Without another word, he slipped out the front door, doing a quick check of the hall before he let Tony follow him.
“Can I-  Of course, I mean, obviously I can skate!” Tony said, and Steve gave him a look.  Tony's chin came up.  “Who can't skate?”
“And I don't even invite most of them,” Tony said, as Jarvis and Natasha appeared, plates held on  serving trays.  He gave them a smile.  “But I do have a very efficient staff.”
His hands moved, before he even knew what he was doing, and he didn’t know why they shouldn’t, after all, it was good, it was good for him, it was something he needed, something he wanted. It was-
“It doesn’t agree with me, either, but that’s never stopped me.  About anything,” he said with a wry twist to his lips.  He filled his cup with a practiced move before setting the pot back on the machine.  “What did I help you un-puzzle?”
“Dinner'll be in forty-five minutes, so lay off the snackage,” Tony said.  He crossed the room, giving a ball an idle kick as he passed, and lifting a stack of books off of a stool so he could sit down.  He folded his arms on the edge of DJ's workbench. “Richards-Storm spawn, your mom says you can stay for dinner, if you want to.”
Sam grinned at him.  “Yeah, well, maybe don't try to stop a crashing spaceship with your shield next time.”
“Really.”  Tony’s eyes flicked from side to side, studying Steve’s face for something, something that Steve couldn’t define.  “And what, exactly, am I?”
“I don't know,” Tony admitted, and God, but he hated to admit that.  He scrubbed a hand over his face, frustration rolling over him.  “And I'm not really looking forward to finding out.”
Hulk silently held up a piece of what had once been a very large, very pink head.  “Smash,” he growled, and he sounded so pleased with himself that Clint couldn't help but grin.
“Damn right,” Tony said, turning his attention back to the camera.  “Hey, fuckers that aren’t Parker.  Let’s just start by saying, if you work at a chain restaurant, I’m not talking to you.  If you work for a place where corporate makes your front of house change the fucking phone book sized menu more than five times a year, this isn’t about you.  If you’ve ever been forced to use the words ‘taste explosion’ or ‘cultural fusion’ or ‘bar-tastic!’ when describing food, you have my sympathies.
Tony pried open one eyelid, glaring at the blurry, dark form that loomed over him, blocking out the light.  "Steve's couch, actually," he said, yanking the blankets higher up over his shoulder.  "And it's currently in use.  Fuck off."
Clint’s head fell back.  “No, everything’s fine here.  Phil’s great, how’s-”  He nodded.  “Glad to hear it.  Yeah.”  He rolled forward, bracing his elbows on his knees.  “Yeah, just got back from a mission, nothing big, just a VIP escort out to Las Vegas, and now Phil and I are having an argument-”
Jarvis's eyes closed for a second, an expression close to pain sliding across his mobile figures.  "Food should be many things, sir," he said, his voice stern.  "'Low effort' is not one of them."
“I still say cheating is worth the risk,” Bobbi said from the other end of the counter.  She twirled her knife around her knuckles before cutting into a stack of pancakes.  “I mean, if you take your time and-”
“I may be about to ruin one of the best things in my life,” Steve said, “for purely hormonal reasons.”
Her smile dimmed, just a little, and one shoulder rose and fell in a slight shrug.  “It’s the only way we can copyright the name,” she said, her nose wrinkling beneath the bridge of her glasses.  “If it has three letter a’s.  So we have to make sure that we always pronounce all of them.” She took a deep breath.
“Cool,” Jesse called from the other room.  “I like the ugly cup.  It might not be pretty, but it's got character.  And a good shape.”  There was a pause, and Ellen paused, waiting for the other shoe to drop.  “Like me.”
“I did it,” she agreed.  “Packed what I could, sold what I couldn’t, and showed up here, expecting-”  She stopped.
“Your future in corporate espionage is likely to be short if you decide to be honest about it,” he pointed out as DJ scrambled up onto a stool.  Tony reached out with an easy hand to steady him, not that DJ appeared to need it.  But the instinct was too strong to ignore.   “But you’re cute.  You might be able to get away with it.”
“I mean, this isn’t so…  Durable,” the girl said, going on her tiptoes as she maneuvered the tape into place.  “Sorry.”
“You seem...”  She stopped, trying to find the right word.  “Agitated.”  Not quite right, but close enough.
“That wasn’t pain,” Tony said, his voice a bit raw, and Steve flushed again, a wave of pink sweeping up his neck and across his cheeks.  Tony, unable to resist, leaned in, brushing a gentle kiss against Steve’s soft lips.  Steve, to his credit, kissed him back, his mouth parting under Tony’s, a soft sigh shuddering through him.
Strange gave him a bright smile.  “Oh, quite definitely, nothing to worry about.”  He took DJ by the elbow, steering him towards the stairs.   “Let’s just head to the library, we’ll be able to-”  One of the bannisters snapped up, the wood creaking like a branch in the wind.  Heaving a put upon sigh, he gave it a sharp rap with his knuckles.  “Worse than termites, I swear.”
Jessica leaned back in her chair, her chin up, one booted foot braced on the edge of the table.  "Nope," she said, her teeth flashing in a grin.  "I like the longshots."
“Right, we’ll see how you feel when we’re making a frozen pizza tomorrow,” he said, washing his hands.
Tony took a deep breath and reached for it.  “Under duress,” he said, his voice dark, as Darcy handed out the badges to the others.  “What did this cost me?”
This time, the burst of words was very loud, and Tony held the phone away from his ear.  He pinched the bridge of his nose.  “Well, of course I still lie about THAT, Pepper, but in my defense, so do you!  I mean, that’s not nearly the same thing about lying about the fact that I was dying, and yes, that was wrong, I should not have-”
“All books are good books,” May said, pouring Jarvis another cup of tea.  “But some are more interesting for children.  DJ, dear, would you like to go and get a book from the library?” She smiled at him. “Then perhaps Officer Rogers will read it to you.”
Tony snagged a candy cane as he slipped around behind the tree.  “Hey,” he said, picking up a box of ornaments.  Steve, halfway up a ladder, glanced down at him.  Some of the tension went out of his face, and Tony held the box out to him like a peace offering.  “This wasn't my idea,” he said.  “I swear.”
“We’d be better off in the stable, and the sooner you admit it, the better we’ll be,” Bucky said, tossing the pot on the table.  It rocked on its uneven feet, and Shuri stuck out a foot, bracing it in place.  He didn’t seem to notice as he grabbed the ladle.  “Less holes in the roof, I’d bet.”
“They are two very intelligent men who have each independently come to the unwelcome realization that they cannot control or protect the other, a situation that is both unfamiliar and uncomfortable for them,” Jarvis said, without missing a beat.  “But since they cannot verbalize that particular train of thought, that is not actually what they’re discussing right now.”
At this hour, the stable was mostly deserted, save for a sleepy looking boy who emerged to take the horses from them, one after another.  T’Challa tossed him a coin, and looked at Okoye.  Okoye leaned against wall of the stable, a heavy staff braced in one hand.  Her fingers flexed against the wood, and she nodded.  “Take her,” she said, a thread of steel in her words.  Exchanging a glance with her, Nakia slipped into the night, disappearing around the corner and vanishing in an instant.  “We will wait.”
Steve looked up to find Luke in the doorway of his room, one arm braced on the frame.  There was a padded yellow envelope in his upraised hand.  He grinned at Steve's straw.  "I see we've been raiding the juvenile ward again."
“The bookshelves, the bureau?  The bedside tables?  They’re all untouched.  Someone who was looking for something would’ve been far more thorough.  But the only parts of the room that have been searched are places a child could be hiding.”
“I'm being good,” Tony said.  On the other end of the line, that was met with stony silence, and he grinned.  “Fine.  I'm on the far side of the campus.  Some shithole warehouse where we've been hiding our not so secret shame.”  He held up a piece of plating, eyeing it with suspicion.  “As it turns out, we've got a lot of shame, Potts.”
She watched him, her face unreadable.  Tony made a horrible, frustrated sound, half growl, half scream.  “Just-  Just GET OUT.”
“We can test that later.”  Tony dropped the other glass on the table and it wobbled on its base, tipping over and splashing its contents across the metal surface.  Tony didn’t seem to notice.  He slid his hands into Steve’s hair, his eyes searching Steve’s.  “Tell me you’re all right.”
“Bottle,” Tony said, kneeling down on the towel, bracing an arm on the edge of the tub.  He trailed his fingers through the water, and Steve shifted in place.  “Did Jarvis put any bath salts in here?”
Tony studied him, using his coffee cup as a stalling tactic this time.  “No,” he said, and Bruce sighed.  Tony took another sip of coffee.  “You can stay.  But I’ll be checking your equations.”
"You're nothing but a fake, aren't you?" Rogers said, his voice soft.  Tony stiffened, but Rogers was still smiling at him.  "There are more lost lambs in this house than the one he came from."  He ran a hand up and down DJ's back, the gesture slow and comforting.  He didn't seem to be aware of doing it, the movement pure instinct.  "Have you ever put anyone out, Mr. Stark?  In your entire life, have you ever really thrown anyone to the wolves?"
“She’s a force of nature, buddy.  You’ve got a better chance of stopping the tides than changing her mind, once it’s made up.”  Rhodey gave Clint and Happy a serious side-eye.  “She hasn’t given up on Hogan yet, and she really should.”
The boy snatched his hat back off of his head, holding it in front of him in both hands "Fifteen next year, Mr. Stark, and an old fifteen it'll be."
Hulk shrugged.  “Truck,” he grumbled, sounding displeased with it.  Tony grinned up at him, wondering if Thor had talked him into it, or just handled it all himself.
“Please do,” Jan said.  “Last time I saw him outside of a meal, he spent twenty minutes lecturing me on my hemlines.”  She pointed her feet.  “Tony.  Marry me.”
“Yes, well, there are rules here, Mrs. Parker,” Tony said, reaching out to take a towel from her.  He unfurled it with a snap of his wrist.  “And I’m pretty sure this is against them.”
“She’s a miracle worker,” Tony said, peeking under one domed lid.  The steam that wafted up carried the scent of fried onions and seared peppers.  His stomach grumbled, and he put it back down.
“You know, but you do it anyway, and one of these days, I’m not going to be fast enough, or good enough, or-”  Tony stopped.  “I’m not mad at you, Deej.  I’m…  Not mad.  Is that why you’re still up?  Because you thought I was mad at you?”
Steve’s hands slid down his back, his broad hands cupping Tony’s ass.  “Better?” he whispered against Tony’s skin.
Stark's eyes met his from across the room, and there was something like mischief in them, some spark of unholy glee, like he was doing this specifically to get under Steve's skin, and Steve felt his back teeth lock.  “DJ.”  DJ looked at him.  “I'd like a picture, too.”  He managed a smile.  “I have to go back, I've got a shift today, but I wanted to see you get your picture taken.”
Greer was wearing a green dress that reminded Steve a little of a toga.  The gauzy, layered fabric was clasped at her shoulders and flowed into a curved neckline that dipped low over her cleavage.  The skirt swirled around her thighs with each step, the fabric curling against her legs like sea foam.  Her hair had been styled into large, soft curls and piled up in a crown of holly.  She was carrying a bouquet of big, bright golden daisies, the petals tipped in red.
“Then where's the dame?” Seamus asked, his hands on his hips. “You wouldn't put that suit on for no reason.”
He didn't know how to say this.  His leg jerked, his heel rattling against the floor.  Next to him, Sam was still and quiet.  Waiting with his usual patience.
Strange cleared his throat, and she looked up.  His head tipped in Steve’s direction.  She followed the gesture, those remarkable eyes locking on his.  “Hello,” Steve said.
“Which way then?” Banner asked, his arms crossed and tight against his chest as he attempted to keep warm. His breath mist as he spoke, the cold stinging his lungs as he breathed.
“Release him.” Thor’s words were clear, the god of thunder showing fear making everyone fill with dread. Both Steve and Natasha rushed ahead, forcing the door in front of them open.
“We stop the bleeding his heart won’t be working as hard, therefor releasing some strain off the reactor.” Natasha tried to explain. She knew of the arc reactor and the basics of how it worked, with Tony not talking she was his only hope. “It will give us time.” Natasha’s eyes met Steve’s. He nodded, giving her permission to do what she could.
“Captain, any ideas of what Hydra would have been doing here?” Thor asked, the cold clearly not affecting him. Arms and muscles fully exposed to the elements, without any visible discomfort.
With the Captain at her side Natasha led her friends down the icy tunnels of the nightmare they had found themselves in, there speed was hindered by Tony’s mobility. For the genius time was starting to become irrelevant, simply just trying to deal with each second which came at him, Barton doing his best to help him through it. Natasha could see that he was still lucid and with them, it gave her hope. A sudden slam rumbled through the mountain, making everyone jump in surprise and confusion. Anything that broke the silence seeming to be unnatural. For once they could tell that the sound was close and which direction it had come from. Barton urged Tony to pick up the pace and he answered with his best effort. Both Natasha and Steve spotted the sign straight away as they turned the corner, the German words leading them exactly where they wanted to go. Before they were able to enter they could hear someone on the other side.
“I’m fine.” Tony mumbled, blinking rapidly to try pull himself together. The sudden weakness had come out of nowhere, his heart having slowed dangerously for just a moment.  Natasha still had one hand against Tony’s face, only being removed when Tony carefully brushed it away. Steve stood still ahead of the group watching, keeping vigil in the long tunnel.
“What do we have here.” Tony said out loud, as he took in every detail, not knowingly edging his way over to the old computers. Natasha already had her hands on a file and was flipping through it, Banner kept close, trying to read over her shoulder.
“Let’s find out.” Tony stepped out of his armour, instantly regretting it as the cold snapped at his skin. His black Jeans, dark blue and white sleeved t-shirt doing nothing against the bitter cold. With the press of a couple of keys the monitor sprung to life, green German text darting across the black screen before coming to a halt, the cursor flashing frantically waiting for input.
“It had worked, for a moment it had worked.” Zemo wheezed, he was fading and fast. Steve could see his wound was only minor, something else was killing the man before him. “So many years so many experiments I knew my father was close.” Zemo laughed a painful laugh.  Steve listened to the dying man, no matter how much he wanted to be at Tony’s side, he needed answers.
“Not too far from what looks to be the main area of the facility, with ease of access to what looks to be storage areas.” Tony clasped his hands together, too proud of himself.
“You want us to jump onto a mountain?” Banner then asked, adjusting his glasses as he did. “In this storm?”
“People saw my father as a fool, but he was a genius and Hydra knew it.” Their strength seemed to match, Zemo even starting to overpower the Captain.  Lightening suddenly struck Zemo sending him flying sideways, crashing down into a desk, causing it to buckle and snap. There was only a moment pause before Zemo pulled himself up out of the wreckage, having been able to cling to his sword he still held it in hand. Both Steve and Thor watched on as the man stood without a scratch.
“You know why.” Steve firmly replied, not in the mood for joking around. The mission carried weight for Steve, an importance and seriousness he wasn’t sure if the others quite understood.
“Your father ran this place, didn’t he? He experimented on the soldiers, he was trying to perfect the serum.” Steve didn’t need Zemo to say a word, he could see all the clues right in front of him.
“I’m here my friend.” He reassured as he slipped through a gap in the beams that stood in his path. His cape was torn, now half its length, his long hair was filthy.
“We’re alive, that’s a start.” Tony said positively as he made his way down the cave, leaving the others in the dark. They followed behind before Tony stopped, a door blocking his way.
“What about whoever’s down here, the whole reason we came here?” Barton now joined in, tension beginning to rise. “Even if we find the others do you really think they will let us just walk out of here?” Steve approached his team mates, attempting to get them to fall in line.
“Be ready anyway.” Steve ordered as he pulled his shield off his back. Barton knocked an arrow in his bow, Natasha took a gun from her side and Thor’s grip tightened on Mjölnir. Banner just watched on, hands in his pockets. Steve tried the handle on the door, to his surprise it clicked open. Pushing on the heavy metal, the door creaked slightly. The Avengers made their way in into the large room, eyes darting around trying to take everything in. beakers, vials and paper work littered the number of tables. A line of computers sat covered in a thick layer of dust at the front of the room. A tattered Hydra flag hanging from the high ceiling, walls made of metal. They were in a Hydra lab. Barton handed Natasha a simple small torch, keeping one for himself to guide themselves around the room.
“Banner my friend, I’m always happy to educate mortals on their foolish ways.” Thor retrieved his hand, again with a genuine smile. Banner couldn’t help but shack his head with a smile of his own.
“Like my fathers before me, call me Zemo.” Pride burst from his words. Banner knew the name, he could recall a past attached to it. The blade suddenly edged closer, when he let out a staggered breath the sword kissed his skin.
“What happened?” Tony voice was strained. Steve took his seat again by Tony, having jumped up when he had seen him attacking the wires that were keeping him alive.
“I’m not sure, he’s been in and out of consciousness.” Steve answered quickly, each second seeming to be preciouses. Her hands moved from his neck to his chest, she peeled away the torn fabric from the wound and reactor. The wound still bled badly.
“Tony.” Banner approached. “Do you really need me here, this place is abandoned, Hydra are long gone.” The name made the hairs on the back of Steve’s neck stand on end, even overhearing the word was enough to trigger something. Each letter just another layer of pain.
“Except this one.” Tony pointed at the computer dead centre. The key board had clearly been used, the monitor wiped clean with a hand.
“We go right first.” Steve decided, as the words left his lips he was already heading down the tunnel he had chosen. Walking straight into the unknown.
“Stark.” Steve griped the genius’s shoulder, trying to bring him round. “Tony.” Steve rocked his friend slightly; his eyes did not open. Steve put two fingers to Tony’s neck, waiting in silence. He took a deep breath when he felt the weak pulse, he had not yet lost his friend to the mountain. “Don’t give up on me now Stark.” Steve commanded as he pulled his friend over his shoulders. Tony’s quite groan of pain was all the reply Steve needed, his hand tightening on his friends’ arm.
“For a moment you may have.” The man at his feet had passed, no longer being among the living. Steve was then on his feet in seconds, rushing to Tony’s side.
“Ja bitte.” Natasha answered in German, the words rolling off her tongue with ease, her accent perfect.
“Bruce!” Her words left her cold lips without thought, just seeing him with a sword to his throat enough to cause her to react before thinking. Steve recognised the stranger’s headwear immediately, the simple purple mask with white lenses concealing his eyes taking him back before he was encased in ice.  Another thought didn’t have time pass, Zemo brought his gun from his hip and fired in their direction.  Steve raised his shield in the blink of an eye, the bullet grazed the side of the brightly coloured vibranium shield, slicing Natasha’s arm. The bullet had been intended for Steve, Natasha being collateral damage.  The shock brought the black widow to one knee, a hand clasped to her arm.  Zemo went to fire again but Bruce retaliated, throwing his back against his foe the blade scratching his throat. With them both brought to the floor Banner scrambled away, he could see a green tint in the veins of his hands. Thor was on top of Zemo in seconds kicking the blade away from the man, his gun having already be forced a distance away in the fall.  But again, the usual strength and nimbleness of his enemy took Thor off guard. With a sweep of the leg he was knocked down, giving Zemo the time he needed to reclaim the sword and get back on his feet. Just in time to parry the captain’s incoming shield. It collided with a wall before rattling on the ground. Steve even without the shield did not hesitate rushing Zemo, his gauntlet met the blade, his other hand catching Zemo’s fist.
“I knew restoring power to this place would be a risk, had a feeling people would be watching… waiting.” The man inspected his sword, having laid the blade against the gloved palm of his hand. With his thumb he rubbed away a small imperfection in the swords shine.
“Everyone alright?” Steve looked around, looking everyone in the eye, their faces lit up with the arc reactors light, some more than others depending on their distance away from Tony.
“The simple minded would think death is the end, but that is far from the truth, my father is dead, but his legacy lives on… his research.” Steve noticed too late that Zemo was stalling. He pulled a syringe from a pocket in his belt and injected himself. He was on his feet before anyone could act, his legs holding him, not caring a bullet remained imbedded within one. His hand snapped up around Steve’s neck a grip like no other, he could feel his neck about to snap.  A bright blue beam suddenly struck Zemo again making him acquainted with the ground. This time he remained there. Smoke rising from his side where the beam at hit. Steve had his own hand to his throat as he tried to take deep breaths. He turned to find Tony looking back at him. He weakly stood his own arc reactor in hand, a hollow hole in his chest, the wires detached as it barely flashed. Barton caught him as he fell, having been the closest. Bringing him gently to the ground. Everything seemed to go silent for Steve, he didn’t hear Natasha call Tony’s name, he couldn’t hear the deep growling of the Hulk from somewhere below. He couldn’t yet be at his friends’ side, having yet to deal with the man that put him on deaths door. Zemo still hadn’t moved, a man that had once stood so proud had been reduced to nothing. Steve knelt down to find the man still breathing.  He tried to swing at Steve, but he was slow and weak, the unusual strength and power he had before having abandoned him.
“I don’t want the big green for once, I want what you’ve got in there.” Tony pointed a finger at Banner’s forehead. “God knows what secrets Hydra kept locked up in this place, like I said before there seems to be a number of storage rooms.” Tony peaked his curiosity. “They were producing something here and we’re going to figure out what and why.” Banner nodded in approval, glad that the other guy wasn’t the one they wanted for once.
“We need to stop the bleeding.” The same female voice spoke, echoing around him annoyingly. Again, he ignored it, not concentrating on the words at all. The warmth around him intensified, beckoning to sleep, to let his mind drift. He wanted to answer the call, however the voice continued to hassle him.
“Glass of rum, relaxing by warm crystal-clear water.”  Barton could see it now, the white sand, the clear bright blue sky stretching out for miles. Suddenly Barton felt Tony’s head drop, it hung limp, but he still stood. With his one good arm around his friend’s waist, Barton was forced to call for assistant.
Keeping to the rhythm of Barton’s walk was all that kept him going, Tony could barely feel his legs, muscle memory doing all the work, Barton guiding him and keeping him balanced. All that he could really feel was the burning in his chest, and the ever-fading beat of his heart under the flickering reactor.
“Natasha?” Banner wondered out loud, both him and Thor brought to a standstill. Natasha was the only one of them to carry guns, he could only hope it wasn’t someone they cared for on the other end.  Banner adjusted his glasses waiting for Thor to respond.
“Tony!” Steve cried as he began digging his friend out. He could see his own hands now, filthy and covered in cuts. His breath was snatched from him, fear stunning him for a moment. He stared down at a large piece of metal imbedded in Tony’s chest plate, half of the shredded metal cutting into the arc reactor.
“We need to stop the bleeding.” Natasha told the others as her hands navigated around Tony’s wound. The arc reactor sparked and flickered.
“Hello!?” He called out, he didn’t care who replied. Dust irritated his eyes, causing him to scrunch them, using one hand to brush the dust away.
“Zemo’s jet, during their fight Thor found it further down in the mountain.” Tony adjusted his position slightly, trying not to jostle the wires in his chest. “Everything’s going to be alright Tony” Tony reach out with a hand towards Steve, the captain took his hand.
“Go!” Steve cried as he made the jump himself, the snow coming down fast. Crashing into the jet sending it spiralling down just as Tony and Barton made it to the ledge. Both having to make a dive for the cave the others had already taken shelter in. An explosion shook the very ground they stood on, the jet having crashed into the side of the mountain. The vison of shredded metal, flames fighting to stay alive against the relentless storm filled everyone’s mind as they regained themselves in the gloomy cave. Thick snow then tumbled all around them sending them scampering further into the cave. The mountain then swallowed them, snow and rocks sealing them in. Their only light source Tony’s arc reactor in the pitch black.
“This place was funded well, they must have been getting somewhere with their experiments.” Tony deduced, as they approached an unusual edge. Peering over they found a deep, seemingly endless square pit.
“This is no time for games Tony.” Steve replied harshly before storming passed him and kicking the door down.
The tunnel was narrow, the walls covered in a layer of clear ice, water dripping from the arched ceiling. Steve lead the group, Tony behind arc reactor lighting the way. The sound of his metal boots hitting the ground echoing down into the darkness, the mechanical wheezing of his armour being made to sound louder than usual. Barton was trying hard to not let the cold get to him, having went for a thinner coat to allow him more flexibility in movement. Regretting not wearing a thermal suit under his own like Natasha. Who at first glance appeared to be just wearing her usual streamline black jumpsuit, two pistoles strapped to her thighs and a knife concealed in her boot, the usual.
“In the end he met the same fate as his father.” Steve looked down showing sympathy for the madman. “He had been looking for his father’s research and he had found it, he injected himself with an unstable recreation of the super soldier serum. It killed him.” Tony looked to the ceiling of the jet letting out a sigh.
“And also, to find out why a signal has suddenly started transmitting from the facility.” Tony quickly added, as if it was a side thought.
“Thank you.” Their eyes met and there was an exchange in gratitude. Steve squeezed his friends’ hand.
I know its another short chapter but I hope because I'm trying to upload everyday you can forgive me. see you soon
“Open the third one down.” Steve demanded more than asked. Tony did as he was told, not before giving Steve a glare. The file was opened, and more lines of green text came on the flickering screen.
“Here on the right.” Bruce directed Thor, they turned the corner and large double worn steel door waited for them. The god of thunder took the lead. For once he took a quieter, gentle approach coaxing the door open instead of knocking it down. They both immediately recognised the room, it was the lab they had first entered when they had arrived. The dust was still disturbed where they had walked, the computer Steve and Tony had inspected still cleared of dust, the folders Bruce and Natasha had sifted through still scattered across a desk.
“I’m not leaving you.” Steve didn’t want to listen anymore, this time forcing Tony over his shoulder, no matter what discomfort it caused the genius. Tony grunted in pain, tears forming in his eyes, the sting of the cold still attacking his skin. With a hand still against his wound, sandwiched between his chest and Steve’s shield on his back. His other hand hung limp, his eyes wanting to close.
“You might want to stay calm.” Zemo whispered into Banner’s ear. “Your green friend will bring this mountain down on top of us and your friends.” Bruce knew he spoke the truth, the structure integrity of the facility compromised, supporting beams cracked and chipped. The Hulks fury could cause more devastation than the explosion that had buried them before. However, he feared he might not have a choice, his heart was pounding, his breathing hard to control, fists clenched at his side.
“Not sure, just seems to spiral down to a number of smaller rooms.” Tony took a second to reply, seeing if he could find out any more about the series of rooms.
Barton having to think fast shoved is bad shoulder into Natasha, knocking her to the side. Her gun fired, the bang echoing down the corridor becoming deafening.  Barton kept back a cry of pain, hand clutching his right arm as he bit his lip. Natasha reclaimed her footing, standing straight once again.
“Avengers!?” Steve coughed out, dust in his throat. There was only the sound of rocks still settling. With his hands out in front of him, Steve attempted to find a lay of the land. In doing so he revelled a light, a dim flickering blue light.
Natasha’s eyes open to find her hands swaying down in front of her, dim yellow lights above, an arm around her waist. Immediately she brought whoever was carrying her to the ground. The action lasting only a second, before she was on top of Barton. He fought back a cry of pain when he hit the ground
Before Steve’s eyes opened he could feel a heavy weight pinning him to the floor, face in the dirt, his breathing was restricted. His eyes snapped open, dust and dirt covered his face. He coughed on the thick air. Darkness his only company. With all his strength he put his hands underneath him, gritting his teeth he pushed himself up. His arms about to give under the weight Steve took a risk and rolled to the right, hoping to get out from under what held him down. Luckily the quick thinking paid off and he was free, there was a loud thud of what held him down hitting the floor. In the dark Steve pulled off his helmet, he could feel blood running down the back of his neck. His hand investigated and found a deep gash right on the back of his head.
“Even if we stop the bleeding, if the arc reactor stops…” Barton believed he was looking at a dead man, time just slipping away.
“Maybe, I’m not sure. The signal was gone as quick as it appeared.” Bruce could see Tony’s mind working through his eyes, thinking about every small detail, piecing information together. “The signal was up long enough to be tracked.”
“Thor you first, help the others.” Steve commanded, speaking loud and firm to stop his voice getting snatched up by the wind. “Barton get over here.” Steve called back to Hawkeye, who still was at the controls of the jet. Thor leaped to the ledge without hesitation, his long red cape trailing behind him as he made the meter gap. Landing with both feet firmly on the mountain side. Even with his seemingly perfect landing he called a warning back to his team.
Tony woke, he was weak and very confused. He willed his eyes open and they did. Steve sat at his side, half asleep. The room seemed to shake gently prompting Tony to recognise a roar of an engine. Moving his eyes from Steve, his hands moved to his chest. His reactor had been replaced, an unknown metal component sat in his chest, wires extending from it. Panic quickly took Tony and he griped at the wires frightened. Steve suddenly grabbed at Tony’s frantic hands.
“As we’ll ever be.” Barton replied for the both of them. Natasha hovered the item’s she held above Tony’s wound. She held her breath before striking the arrow head against the knife.
“Let’s find out.” Tony not only looked weak he sounded it, no matter how he tried to hide it. Tony clasped hold of Barton’s good arm and he was dragged to his feet. He was stabilised by both Barton and Natasha once he was up, everything deciding to spin now he was up right. The burning in his chest had been like a kick up the ass, a shot of adrenalin through his veins but he was still weak and his heart every now and then skipped a beat reminding him his life hung on a knifes edge.  Barton forced Tony’s arm over his shoulders before clutching the genius’s side.
“That should give us time.” There was Banner again, Tony again thinking the hulk was still locked fists with Thor, he blamed his fragile mind for the trickery. Hands suddenly lifted him, he didn’t even have the energy to cry out. His eye again creaked open, not actually sure on when he closed them. His hands hung in front over a muscular back, a breeze on his face as Thor seemed to be gliding down a dark space. He never felt Thor land, he never felt being placed on his back, in the end he let the warmth take him. the feeling to pleasant to resist.
“We need to regroup find Thor and Banner, form a plan from there.” Steve needed all his players to generate his next move, the game was not yet over, and he had a feeling their opponent was moving against them.  Tony’s fading colour and shivering form showed time was not on their side, but when is it ever.
“Steve I…” Natasha didn’t know what to say, never had her quick thinking or judgement failed her so badly before. Never had her actions almost taken the life of one of her friends. The unusual heavy footing had assured her it was someone unknown.
“Tony you need to stay awake.” The captain squeezed his hand, he hadn’t even noticed he held his hand. Tony’s eyes fluttered, he finally felt warm for what felt like the first time and the more he slipped away the warmer he got. For a second, he thought he heard Bruce and Thor but quickly forgot about it. His chest then felt heavier, a for a brief moment he felt more alive. He opened his eyes to find his reactor back in his chest, the light only blinking every ten seconds.
“We keep moving, stay vigilant.” Thor seemed unfazed, keeping to the direction they had been traveling, the incline of the path at least letting them know they were heading back up, hopefully close to where they had fallen. Banner having lingered, lost in his own thoughts rushed to keep up.
“Banner do not dwell on the past.” Thor then told him, as if Banner’s thoughts have been out loud. “That is something that you cannot change, focus on the here and now.” Thor’s voice was low but humble. “Our friends are in need, we must keep to the task at hand.” Thor seemed to pick up the pace, forcing Banner to keep up. Thor’s words sat on Banner’s mind.
“For a moment he had, for a moment I had you in my grasp.” Zemo’s lungs suddenly began to falter, his heart slowed, and the man grew still.
“Banner I can move these rocks, then we will find the others and you can ask Stark that very question.” Thor didn’t want to pretend he understood what Bruce was talking about, but he wanted to keep him calm. Even with the Hulk now being reasonably under control, he didn’t want to risk it in such a confined place, and with no sign of Natasha he wasn’t going to unleash the Hulk without a backup plan.
“Think you can do that smartass?” Barton joked, humour not hiding his concern very well. With the pain easing his mind was becoming clearer, that fact that blood was no longer leaking from his chest an improvement. The clean slice in his reactor still producing a spark here and there.
“I expected more.” Disappointment riddled the foreign man’s tone. Banner was rigged in his grip, his chin raised in fear of the blade.
“You alright?” Barton asked kneeling down by Natasha, Tony standing managing to hold himself up by leaning on the pillar, peering round the edge with dazed eyes to watch his friends fight their strange foe. That’s when he spotted Banner, having crawled behind a desk he was fighting the Hulk with all his might. His skin was turning green his fists clenched in anger. With Barton’s attention on Natasha Tony forced himself out from being cover, from relative safety. Immediately he stumbled onto one knee, hand clutching his chest in pain. He fought threw it, as soon as he attempted to pick himself up Steve’s shield suddenly slammed down on the ground in front of him making his jump back. Keeping close to the ground Tony with one hand still clutched to his chest managed to get to Bruce. He crashed down at his side out of breath, pain blurring his vision, head spinning.
Steve hauled Tony along, having pulled one of his friend’s arms around his neck. Steve’s other free hand holding tight around his waist, pushing him to keep moving. Even when Tony’s feet gave out under him.
“Banner?” Tony suddenly remembered again he tried to sit upright. Steve again pushed him back down gently.
“He’s right.” Natasha interrupted, throwing down an open file on the keyboard in front of them. The pages they could see showed solider medical files, names they had gotten off their dog tags, the condition of the soldiers. Even photographs.
“Cap just go, fined the others.” He urged, pushing Steve away with a weak hand.  Steve just ignored him, trying again to lift him off the table. Again, Tony fought him off.
The tunnel seemed to go on forever, and not another sound was heard, the noise now seeming to be more like nothing the further they walked. They immerged in to what seemed to be section of the facility that was under construction, an extension that was never finished.
“Tony stay with me, help me get this off.” Steve stayed as calm as he could, looking for a way to release Tony from his armour.  Suddenly Tony’s armour opened up, revealing the extent of the damage. Blood stained Tony’s top, the arc reactor sparking and threatening to go out.
“Wrap up, you’ll catch your death out there.” Tony seemed to mock as his helmet formed around his face, locking him away from the outside world.
“Tony stay with me.” Natasha voice was still recognisable, her face coming into vison a few times. Time passed while Tony was in and out of consciousness, next he knew Steve was at his side. He could no longer feel the reactor in his hand.
“Zemo.” Steve remembered through gritted teeth. A foe he had battled when the war still raged. He recalled the experiments the man had put himself through to try to match the effects of the super solider serum, how in the end he had killed himself with his goal for strength and immortality.
“Natasha.” Steve nodded to the Black Widow. Again, an Avenger threw themselves from the jet, Thor there on the other side, ready to take her arm. Banner went next, hesitantly. But made it safe nether the less. Barton having put the jet on autopilot now stood between Steve and Tony.
“Cauterised your wound, it should prevent infection.” Natasha, took Tony’s face in her hands, making sure he was paying attention. “You need to stay awake Stark.”
“No one is getting left behind” Steve made his way across the room to another door. “Not this time.” He mumbled, his thoughts to the soldiers that we’re left behind and forgotten in this frozen hell.
“Enough.” Thor acted rushing the man. His sword raised in a heartbeat and Thor was forced to defend himself, their weapons clashing together. Thor was instantly surprised by the strength of his foe; no normal human could ever hope to match him.
“I don’t know, help me get your helmet off.” Steve was already moving all rubble away from his head, the helmet then retracted, revelling the genius. With the flickering of the arc reactor Steve could see blood coming from a cut in his temple, most likely from the impact. Steve wasn’t sure how far they fell. Tony blinked rapidly, trying to stay awake.
“Do you think they returned here?” Thor asked studying the shoe prints in the dust they had created before.
Hello all, found this story in my files almost fully complete, had completely forgotten about it. Needed a break from work so thought I would brush it off and finish it. Have been wanting to write for a while so hope you enjoy.
