Sherlock can feel the wind pounding against them and watches John's blond hair fuss in the whirl of the air. He wants to stick his nose in that golden fringe and inhale, but resists. He decides instead to peek over John's shoulder, watching as the road seems to zoom by underneath them, the lights of the street disappearing within seconds of coming into view. His eyes begin to water a bit but he blinks back the moisture, heart pounding too hard to want to focus on anything else.
Sherlock watches, glued to blue eyes scanning the crowd, head on a swivel, eyeing each patron and nodding at those he knows, seeming uninterested in any further communication, gaze skittering away across the crowd.
escapes his lips when the song ends and there is no further reason for them to stay this close, well, John is kind enough not to mention it.
"Is it?" Paul cocks his head in feigned surprise, glancing up to the sky as if truly pondering the question. "Gosh, I can't recall."
"Yeah, you don't have to say that after I already said you were right," John Watson laughs again, nudging Sherlock's shoulder with his own.
Sherlock's vision blurs around the edges as he stares unseeingly out before him, repeating his mantras over and over in his head, ignoring the cracks in every sentence, the shutter and fall of every word, he steadfastly pretends not to hear the uncertainty in his own convictions as John still just fucking
Throwing him a dubious look, John steps forward, laying a hand on Sherlock's cheek. "Even if you could say that more convincingly," John teases, running a thumb over Sherlock's cheek, "I'm not entirely sure if
he's going to pay for it. He's going to pay a pretty big price for the most wonderful night he's ever known.
The soft, pliant body beneath him goes rigid in an instance, freezing every muscle in his body that had only just been responding to John's beautifully, arms and legs clutching John to him in some sort of death grip. "What the-"
It's a habit John seems to have, being so goddamn caring and concerned and bloody wonderful. It makes it ten times for painful to look him in the eye when he's got his stern future-doctor face on, assessing the situation calmly but steadily, always gentle but determined, taking in all the information he can before diagnosing the problem and finding a solution. It's one of the millions of reasons Sherlock just can't help himself.
John reaches up and threads his fingers into the hairs on the back of Sherlock's neck. "I don't like not knowing where you are."
Sherlock freezes. He doesn't think anyone has ever used the word pretty and his name in the same sentence before tonight. John's smirk tells him he's blushing. He ducks his head and mumbles "Thank you for the ride."
Shaking his head, Sherlock refocuses, pushing the stars around his tiny tree, attempting to clean the chaos into something nice.
Blue eyes narrowed at him and Sherlock had a brief moment of panic that he may have gone too far, before John huffed. "Fine," he mumbled.
"Are you guys training for something specific?" John asks curiously, glancing down at Sherlock's black pointe shoes laced up his ankle tied with a bow in the back.
And looks at Sherlock with those now unseeing eyes. Those eyes that now look at Sherlock with uncertain sympathy and confusion and attempts at not pitying but missing the mark by a mile.
The responding harsh intake of breath from the blond boy fuels Sherlock's inner heat and he grips a handful of hair as John's hands settle on his hips and begin to rock him in his lap, seated so deeply that his cock skids across Sherlock's prostate with every gentle movement, forcing them both to groan their pleasure in unison. Tossing his head back on a moan, Sherlock rolls his hips with short little snaps, squirming as pleasure shocks ricochet around his insides with every drag of the erection buried deep inside him.
Sherlock snorted and John glanced up to meet those all-knowing eyes and realized too late all of his thoughts were playing out on his face, Sherlock not missing a single one. John's cheeks burned with embarrassment as he caught the amusement in Sherlock's eyes.
"Well," he murmurs to the wall, forcing himself to relax and ignore the stunning boy in front of him murmuring the kindest of words.
A ripple of rage rolled through Sherlock. "He's not nice to Mrs. Hudson, is he," he murmured low and furious.
And sure enough, with a tiny sag of relief at another familiar face, Sherlock finds himself catching eyes with his third lab partner, the one he'd only seen hours earlier, the one that isn't altogether intolerable.
John opened and closed his mouth twice before finally he let out a sigh, realizing he was a man resigned to his fate. "Because…because I like you," he muttered, looking anywhere but Sherlock. "I like you and I know I'm not supposed to and I know we live together…"
John grins and gives another roll of his hips, ignoring his own heady need for release and focusing on making Sherlock's world spin. He watches intently, leaning down to capture Sherlock's lips between thrusts. He sucks Sherlock's bottom lip in between his teeth and bites.
"Maybe I should be apologizing to you," John says, taking a step closer and reaching for Sherlock's hand. "I never meant for you to feel like you weren't important to me. Like you were one of several or something."
Sherlock's morning afterglow is shattered into millions of tiny itty bitty little pieces when he wakes alone to a note with a reminder of the one thing he'd promptly forgotten about last night.
There wasn't a choice to do nothing. Not because he wanted to be the one with John. Not because he craved to touch John like that. But because John was completely legless at the moment and, if their brief conversation at the beginning of the night was any indication, he was obviously upset and hurt. And by the look of the way he had been dancing, he was clearly seeking some sort of attention. The mindset John was currently in would make it very easy for him to do something he may regret at a later date. Something that may end up hurting more then helping. As his friend, Sherlock couldn't let that happen.
"Where are we going?" Sherlock tries again, though John doesn't miss the breathlessness in his words and before he can turn or respond, long arms are wrapping around his shoulders and a lengthy frame is pressing to his back, a cold nose pressing into the skin below his ear as kisses fall along his neck. "Tell me where we're going."
"You are the living worst, did you know that?" Paul glares, before leveling a gaze at John with a sigh, emphatically ignoring Mike beside him. "So? Are you coming or not?"
It's at the sight of John Watson right by his side, matching bag strapped across his chest, still clad in his rugby kit, blond fringe still mashed this way and that from the sweat and dirt that had surely gotten into it during the game.
"Have a seat," Sherlock says breezily as he strolls into the kitchen, attempting to appear unaffected. "Tea?"
"Jesus," John gasps, diving off his bed and scrambling for a drawer under his bed for towels to wipe up the mess.
But it is absurd to lay here pining away from your tiny mattress for someone who is literally in the room with you. Right?
"Alright, it's alright," Sherlock murmured, pulling John to his chest. "Christ, John, you're the one who-"
The light in Sherlock's eyes sparkles with mischief, the image of an angry, red-faced Mycroft Holmes obviously enchanting to him, and John has to laugh out loud.
John flushed. "I don't even know what to call it," he admitted, trying to push away all the uncomfortable reminders that he may not be worth a relationship with Sherlock Holmes.
is rule number one and every damn time Sherlock tries to see how close to the edge he can push it.  John grins at seeing the genius forget all words the words he knows as John starts to slowly stroke him, licking at his neck before whispering in his ear, “You know I should punish you after that little stunt and leave you all worked up and not give you what I know you want right now.  I really should.” he laughs, sucking a mark onto his neck right below his ear where he has no chance of concealing it with his scarf later, “but I think instead I’ll take my time with you and make you beg me for it.  How does that sound, Hmmm?“ John hums, his voice pitched low, dripping with desire as his one hand holds Sherlock’s hip and keeps him still and the other slowly works his length from base to tip with a small twist as he reaches the tip.
"It's alright," Sherlock soothed quietly, but it only seemed to make John's drunken body shake harder. Sherlock glanced around and decided immediately they needed to get home.
Someone snorted a laugh in response and John bit down on a smile. At least someone appreciated his efforts.
He manages to wrestle his textbook free and turns to face the boy beside him, fingers already tracing the pages, prepped and ready to turn to whichever part necessary, head finally swimming out of the depths of fury and churning its way toward Chemistry as Sherlock's crystal blue eyes meet green.
John watched as the light changed in Sherlock's eyes, that familiar spark twinkling within the depths of his irises. Sherlock looked up at him, eyes wide with anticipation by whatever information was coming to him from the other line and John's heart sank all the way down to his toes. More waiting. More time to think and worry and stress. Great.
He'd been watching the two friends all night; a blonde-haired, blue-eyed, cranky looking kid, on the shorter side but very fit (rugby or football player perhaps?), looking as though the last thing he wanted to do was be at the party, as he pulled at his collar and glared at the crowd. Sherlock recognized him as John Watson, new student this year joining the pre-med program.
"What are you even doing here?" Sherlock suddenly demands, snapping his head back to look directly into sparkling blue eyes, ignoring the hot flash sizzling through his body like a lit fuse. God, John Watson is beautiful. But, no. No time for this now. "Aren't you supposed to be in class?"
His heart and his stomach seem to switch places as his entire body seems to roll, squirming and twisting until he has the very real fear of being sick.
And with that, the staring contest is broken and Sherlock rolls his eyes, their familiar lobbing of insults commencing. "She's just my lab partner," he sneers, for once appreciating that Mycroft may not actually
Sherlock's face grew a bit intense as they approached a door at the end of the hallway. "You ready?"
And it wasn't even that. Sure, he would have loved to lose her virginity to a gorgeous man like that. It sounded great in theory. But the worst was that Sherlock was bloody fucking
The way she says it makes John's heart hurt just a bit. Makes him clamp down on his lust for Sherlock and consider things.
"That Mike wasn't actually interested in you. If he had been, he would have shown signs of jealousy and possibly stayed, attempting to defend your honor and get me to back off. Instead, he seemed embarrassed and a little grateful for someone stopping the situation before he started to speak."
you could be loud, baby. Watching you cry out at my touch is the best thing I've ever seen in my life but please, just for tonight, we've got to be careful, alright? I'd be completely mortified if your – if
to be exact. John likes bright smiling females with straight hair and heavy make-up. John likes short-term girlfriends and a bit of
!" John cried, digging his hands into Sherlock's hair, doing his very best not to push or pull as Sherlock dragged his mouth back up, gave a strong swirl with his tongue, and sank right back down. John stopped breathing. "Sh-Sh-Sher-oh-g-god," John choked, slamming his head back against the pillow, trying to keep his vision clear as his eyes threatened to roll back in his head. John could hear how wrecked he sounded but there wasn't much he could do about it when Sherlock was deep throating his cock.
"Yeah," John sighs, looking slightly exhausted and a bit sad as he kicks at the snow. "I, uh, I sort of already thought we were together."
"Mine," John moans, fingertips trailing up Sherlock's belly, raking his jumper up with it. "All mine."
"I wish I could be as strong as you," John continues as Sherlock sniffs harshly, running the back of his hand along his cheekbone, wiping a stray tear that had snuck out from his eye. "I wish I could do what you did today. You were so much braver than I was. You… you can pretend much better than I can."
Sherlock pressed his lips together. Christ, how much more endearing could someone get? He didn't want to smile. He couldn't smile.
He walked home in the cold, refusing to bundle up his jacket tightly, hoping the cool air would seep into his mind and freeze his thoughts, or at least knock him out of the constant back and forth his mind continued to throw him into.
"You were in class, John," Sherlock answered his thoughts like always. "I'm not going to take you out of school for cases. But when you don't have any obligations, I will always make sure to gather you. Deal?"
Mike raised an eyebrow. "You don't know? The guy asked if he could fuck you, John. There was no other way to take that."
John nodded hastily against his neck, mouth finding his pulse point. "Yes," he whispered heatedly against Sherlock's skin.
John hadn't thought himself the type to shag on the first date, or the first meeting in this case, but he'd never seen someone like Sherlock. He'd never reacted like that to anyone. He hadn't been prepared for his lust-filled brain to take over his entire being. And he hated that Sherlock had seen
John's cheeks flame, feeling foolish to have to reveal this to his friends. "I don't know," he mumbles. "It just is.
Frowning, Sherlock cocks his head. That point was made fairly obvious when he'd 'called' John. Why would he-
It wasn't something a sexually experienced person would ever do. He could have waited. He should have waited. It should have embarrassing. It should have horrified him. But John honestly didn't give two shits as he practically ripped the button of his own jeans off its thread and dove his hand into his pants, wanking furiously as he watched Sherlock suck his fingertips and recover from the orgasm John, John bloody Watson, had just given him and he had never been so proud in his life. He watched his fingers disappear into that delicate mouth as he stroked himself, his cock aching almost painfully, the sight of Sherlock coming tipping him right over the edge. Porn had
"Yeah, you did," John chuckles cheerfully, watching his apparent friend sway on his feet in the doorway. "Way to start the party without us, Mike."
Not the kissing John Watson senseless in the tall grass after a productive afternoon, hands wandering all over each other, obscene words falling from both their mouths until both their bodies tremble through release.
John was so thrown by the topic change, he took a beat to sort out what had just happened. Did everything move at the speed of light in the Holmes family? He turned quickly to Sherlock and murmured "Harry is gone?" just for his own clarification.
The blush in John's cheeks is immediate, blue eyes widening. "Oh god, I'm sorry, did you... are we not... I mean, I thought we... But I suppose..."
"That's evidence!" Lestrade's voice rang out from a car that had pulled up to the curb. "Jesus you two, you can't run off like that. And don't
John is nervous because he doesn't want anyone to know. He doesn't want anyone to know he wants to kiss Sherlock Holmes.
"Sherlock," John murmurs, "I… I love you. I have loved you for such a long time that I don't even know how long it's been. I just know that it's all that I am now. I am the guy in love with his best friend and I… this summer has been everything to me. I… I didn't know that you didn't know that."
John gasps softly, suddenly coming to, eyes snapping to meet Sherlock's before lowering to where his hand is moving beneath his bent frame. "Oh," John breathes softly, watching Sherlock stroke himself. "Oh, let me, love. Please, god, let me touch you."
Sherlock had stayed silent. He just wanted to get home. Get home to his room where he could lock himself away and stay there forever. It was cases like these that had ended in a good shag in the past. It was cases like these that made Sherlock want to stay far far away from John.
. They weren't pleasant. They were cruel. They were ugly reminders of the truth. That Sherlock didn't love him or need him.
But for the sake of conversation, Sherlock carries on because he's gotten himself this far into it and truthfully can't see a way out. "Doesn't have to be random," Sherlock replies nonchalantly like his virginity isn't anything important, which, to be quite honest he isn't sure if it is or not. "Someone I know would be fine."
John's flew open, his arms freezing in mid-stretch over his head, as he looked directly into warm, green eyes, crinkling at the sides from the smile that played along his lips.
"What happened?" Victoria Holmes demanded in a sharp whisper as Sherlock stared up at her from inside the car, a blonde head snuggled in his lap snoring softly.
"Maths!" Victor yells too sharply, snapping his fingers in Sherlock's face. "We have maths together, yeah?"
"Yes," John sneaks a peck in before continuing. "You look handsome as hell. I mean I always think you're beautiful but tonight you've really outdone yourself."
"Not a word!" the boy chuckles, throwing a fond grin in Sherlock's direction. "Don't worry, mate, we don't take this one seriously
Humid air brushed Greg’s skin as he slaved away in the lowermost level of the basement. Thank fuck the air conditioning was working flawlessly. He straightened his back and groaned at the pain that had settled in his lower back. He moved slowly so as not to throw himself out -- that wouldn’t do him a jackpot of good. He wasn’t getting any younger to begin with.
“This is absolutely extraordinary!” he said, facing the rest of them. “Gentlemen, and lady, let me introduce you - as incredible as it is - a
“Hey, just ‘cause I’m blind doesn’t mean I have no sense of smell. Purple, yellow, red, they be stinky like yo’ upkeeper’s flower beds. My allergies hate y’all. Seriously, why plant
“Pretty amazing,” John grinned at him, and Irene jumped around his neck, suffocating him in a bear hug. He used the file to pat her on the back.
“Too late to worry about that now,” Dad said, half-laughing. He let out a sigh. “The system isn’t flawless, and I’m sure there was more that could be done. Even today, a word from someone in a higher position is valued more than the truth.”
Greg had trouble understanding half her sentences, or the feisty angst (he’d rather just give up and have a day off for once, getting plan B in motion or something), but he nodded and got ready. He had just noticed the suspenders on Irene’s knees when she started crawling through the hole under the porch, wondering where they had it from. Ah, well. Mrs Hudson was always ready for anything, he supposed.
“Interesting design,” Sherlock said, looking at the cups hazily. He yawned into a balled fist and rubbed his cheeks.
His eyelids fell heavy and shut, head tipping backwards and dipping in the cushioned backrest. God fucking damnit. He wasn’t getting any younger for this worldwide bullshit of a higher plan or whatever the fuck the bitches ‘up there’ believed.
They parted ways, Dean gushing about his car already before they even left the house. At least he found a similar enthusiast to talk to about it. Sam backtracked to the kitchen, only to be ambushed by Cas.
“I assume those that are needed to lie to people that we’re someone important and therefore legally allowed to check out chronicles and documentation of this town,” Cas said, shrugging. Just as he finished, Irene let out a battlecry startling them both and she jumped the last three steps, landing on her feet.
Irene wrapped the blanket tighter around her, gaze downcast as she sat next to him. “We’ve had a volleyball match. Again,” she added monotonously. “And let me tell you that I hate you tall people. Fuck you and your long giraffe legs. Who is supposed to catch a ball thrown that high?”
She prepped the nail polish remover and gently cleaned Cas’ fingernails, the smell of acetone tickling her nostrils. Cas was quiet as the movie played on, Irene barely giving it a second thought, and she doubted he paid attention to it, either. He was troubled deeply by his circumstances, and who wouldn’t be?
Sherlock pushed the doors open, not turning around to see Mrs Hudson’s forehead wrinkle. He stepped down to the sidewalk and took out one of the cigarettes he had stolen from Lestrade. Absentmindedly, he lit it up and drew in a long breath, held it for a few seconds, and then exhaled. Ah, refreshing.
"No, we’ve only begun," Harry said. "But I also wanted to talk about our communication with you. Someone is watching Grimmauld Place most of the day, so it isn’t that easy to get out and return without proper planning."
“I won’t do anything to him,” the mirror self said as if reading his thoughts. “I’ll just woo him, date him, maybe marry him, and live happily ever after. I deserve that after years of endless staring at blank walls, don’t you think?”
Sherlock sighed, though a smirk lifted his cheeks, making his cheekbones stand out more. “I’ll get her pyjamas. And my phone. I resisted back at the theatre, but this is too good an opportunity to pass once she stops vomiting.”
“Yeah, uh, it’s a new perk. It’s freaking me out, Imma be honest. I see Cas’ rainbow wings too,” John told him. “As of this summer.”
“Yeah, and you rocked the stage yesterday, too,” John said, nudging her conspiratorially. “God knows Janine needed a slap from reality. Sad that she bribed her way to the crown.”
“Agreed. This may turn out to be the best summer of my life. I spent my childhood here without much to do and each year has been getting depressingly lonely. No offense to Greg, we do have fun together, but it’s different with your grunkle and with your peers. I certainly want to help, if you’ll put up with me.”
“For God’s sake, take both, one, or neither -- just get over with it and get out please. You’ve been a pain in the ass since ten o’ clock. Don’t you have an article to write about the local beavers or something as underwhelming?”
“As I said,” Castiel said as the stab wound glowed with white light and healed, “you shouldn’t have done that.”
“No. We’re not asking my brother for help,” he said, clipping every word. John looked surprised, jerking his chin up in question, but Sherlock ignored it. “I will send an owl to my Dad to see whether he knows anyone who fits in the time frame. With a name, we can investigate whether the persons have family members in here and then we can move forward.”
What ensued was a fight for the torch, the two girls each retaining control over it for a few seconds, either enlarging or minimizing the other one, with the addition of a lot of rolling around on the roof. They almost knocked the umbrella off, and then Kate shoved Irene a bit too close to the edge, barely managing to catch her. In the rush of adrenaline and not wanting to become a human pancake on the lawn, Irene knocked the torch out of Kate’s grasp, just as the shard turned to turquoise, the light switched on.
“We’re here for horcruxes, Mr. Holmes. Voldemort used dark magic to create them to make sure he becomes immortal. Professor Dumbledore and I put the pieces together shortly before… Well, Professor Lupin managed to contact us and direct us to you. Technically Hermione did, but you get the gist of it.”
Irene burst out laughing, and not long after so did Sherlock. It earned them quite a few glances of confusion, but who cared? They started walking around the funfair, elbow to elbow. Banters like these felt good. Light-hearted enough not to be taken seriously, and Sherlock could invent new insults tailored specially for Irene that weren’t too harsh for his tastes. He never minded her crude usage of the typical British curses; they sounded funny coming from her and she didn’t overdo it.
“But Mrs Hudson has a point,” Irene’s voice echoed from the kitchen, making Greg wince. He hadn’t heard her walk in. She came to the living room eating a toast and a handful of cherry tomatoes. “You would look better with that hair. Silver fox, they call it.”
That seemed to snap John out shock, he took out his wand and yelled, "FLIPPENDO MAXIMA!" at the aggressive tome.
“Very. The main antagonist was hiding in plain sight and had such a well-constructed plan and execution it’s a wonder how come it didn’t get more attention. I guess it’s partially due to the fact that the series was published from 2006 to 2011, which was basically the Harry Potter era. Shame, really. However, there’s a second series, but I didn’t get to buy those books yet.”
John winced on their behalf. “Why would you offer to ‘help’ them but criticise them at the same time? That’s sort of hypocritical, don’t you think?”
Sherlock glared at her for that double-edged remark, but John was too busy reassuring Greg (who facepalmed himself so hard for forgetting his nephew it made a few lingering tourists turn around in alarm) that it was alright, explaining that they were helping catch a local their dog who ran into the forest nearby. Irene knew instantly that it was a good-intentional lie.
John turned around to hug Sherlock, nuzzling his neck. “No glitter wars in the house. Do it elsewhere. Now let’s go, shower.”
Sherlock shrugged wordlessly and picked up the bag John had dropped. Not meeting John’s eyes he said, “Lestrade sent you to do his bidding, I see.” Ah. Avoiding the problem, then. Obviously it was a touchy topic, but John couldn’t bear Sherlock stocking these thoughts away and dwelling on them. Not when he was a genius and brilliant at what he did -- sure, tactless on occasion, but he was mostly brutally honest in his approach to problem solving and spoke before thinking (or after too much of it).
“A murder?” John repeated, flipping the lightswitch on. The artificial light revealed OG to be lying on the floor lifelessly - as much as an inanimate object can. Knitting needles stabbed his X shaped eyes to add to the realism of it, and a knife was sticking out of the back of OG’s head, his stomach gutted. “Christ, that’s rough.”
“I dunno, maybe that would score you a homerun,” his reflection shrugged. Sherlock rolled his eyes at the comparison to sports. Abysmal choice of words. “I think that being straightforward might do the trick, Sherlock.”
“Where do you think John got lost?” Sherlock asked the puppy. Redbeard panted. “He might be swimming under us for all we know.”
then you managed by some unfortunate miracle to break your own mirror. Honestly, Mirage. It’s a blessing that Boss lets you stay alive.”
“I am, but who am I to deny myself more input and data about this muggle world of yours?” Sherlock argued, looking pleadingly at John.
“Oh, you’re awake!” Sherlock’s baritone made his head turn to the right. He sat cross legged in John’s wheely desk chair, fingers propped under his chin as he watched over John. “Good, stay here.” Having said that, he darted out of the room and disappeared inside the Shack, leaving a flabbergasted John behind.
“What are your other skills?” Sherlock asked suddenly, ignoring the mention of another occupant of the house he will have to share the premises with. A part of him squelched when he remembered that embarrassing conversation with Mummy regarding Lestrade’s nephew, however. God knew how Sherlock loathed the inevitable interaction already. Making ‘friends’ wasn’t really his forte.
But there was more to it. Unfortunately, John’s life at that point wasn’t as flowery as it used to be when he was ten and a third grader in elementary school. Back when he was fifteen, he was already well aware that his parents had a fucked up relationship. Moreover, his father hounded him for everything, whether it was his mistake or not. He didn’t have an opportunity to take care of Lou the way he wanted to. His father usually overruled him, ridiculed him, and talked over him when it came to teaching Lou obedience. And each time, John got robbed of one more piece of happiness he had associated with owning a dog. And then he told John to keep Lou out in the cot with Jerry and Jasmine despite not having thick enough coat to be suitable to stay outside in winter. Overall, John didn’t have a say at all in regards to the dogs.
“No, and Mike didn’t want to hurt Moly. And he didn’t. It’s just how this day is layed out. Inevitable. There’s two possible outcomes.”
Upon taking a carefully drafted sip of the potion, he did feel like he grew up an inch. Satisfied with the result, he set out to find John in order for them to compare heights again. When John saw him, however, and the sudden concern twisting his face turned into a surprised grin, he realised something was wrong.
bag in addition to a piece of parchment when Cedric took the recently  vacated seat next to him at the Slytherin table. "You don't pass as a ladie's man."
“I’ve always been,” Dean arched an eyebrow. He glanced at John and Sherlock. “You two are good then? No need for jeans or t-shirts? I’ve got fake credit cards to pay for it.”
Sherlock put on a poker face and, scoffing, got on his knees next to John on the mattress. “Archie, you’re banned from this room.”
Sherlock’s face was unreadable, his mouth thin and tightly pressed together, those extraordinary eyes showing more green in the light where they stood. “As I said that day, the journal never lied to us. And once you eliminate the impossible -- so, our chances to escape without harm -- whatever remains, no matter how improbable, must be the truth.”
Sherlock was shaking from laughter at John’s attempt at imitating what Mycroft could have sounded like. “He definitely had a better English accent and different vocabulary, but I concede your point.”
A pair of silvery eyes twinkled at the mention of that. “Cautious, very good,” said Sherlock, but his voice was rather flat. He motioned his hand lazily at the windows, the curtains covered them hastily, and he said, “My brother,” – he rolled his eyes – “took care of that a long time ago. It’s safe to negotiate our cooperation here. He’s a competent wizard, I put all my confidence into his powers, though grudgingly.”
John texted Sherlock whether he wanted a ride home, but he replied that he’d take the bus. Something in John’s chest sank when he saw the text, but alas. He won’t push. It would be a good opportunity to talk to Sherlock about their date, but that can wait. Although, a nagging thought nibbled at the back of his head: what if Sherlock changed his mind? He did become a bit distant in the past two days. Of course John noticed. But the question was: did Sherlock purposefully avoid John because he wanted an out, or was it stress?
“John, I…” Their eyes met, both boys breaking out into giggles at the timing. John motioned for Sherlock to go first. “Very well. I, uhm. I’m sorry I’ve been avoiding you yesterday. And before that. You must know that prior to arriving here, I… never did relationships. I don’t know what’s expected of me, and unlike chemistry experiments and lab reports, I have no clue what the protocol for dating is. Moreover, I insulted you by my deductions in the car -- how could I not? Besides, you’ve seen how the confrontation at the mall went like. I couldn’t even fight Wilkes off, and he’s a prat. You must think I’m weak. What I’m trying to say is -- as much as I value your… belief in me, I’ll understand if you’d like to call the date off.”
It’s been four days since their adventure in the forest when he and John took Lestrade’s golf cart and chased Irene’s captors. Sherlock’s first guess was a vampire, but his step-sister’s date turned out to be three pixies in a goth costume and a trenchcoat. Suffice to say, Irene and ‘Normandy’ broke up and since then Sherlock’s step-sister came to the conclusion that dating wasn’t for her at the present moment, so she is opting to matchmake those around her until true love made itself known to her. Which, in his opinion, was a horrible career decision, but whatever floated her boat, Sherlock wouldn’t criticise too much. The absolute worst was, however, that he anticipated Irene to revisit the topic of him and John.
Sherlock resisted another urge to roll his eyes into oblivion beyond his skull. As if words were going to stop him. John will never know if he opens it right then and there. How could he? That boy barely notices his shoelaces being untied when he walks, this would be an exceptional deduction for him to make or even assume. That is, if Sherlock’s wisdom didn’t grow on him over the holidays or so…
“True,” he said. “But I’m really happy for you. That you got where you are now, and that you are content. I never thought I’d get to know another family member besides Dean.”
Padding up the stairs, quiet as a mouse, he pricked up his ears like wildlife checking for its predator in case he heard John and Irene talking, but no muffled words reached him from the attic. He strolled into the room in long strides and practised carelessness, nearly staggering when his gaze fell on John lying down on his bed, hands tucked under his head like a pillow.
“Dimmock,” he swallowed, but hurried to add, “and I deduced the rest. Well, I would have anyway. Your right forefinger constantly touches the ring finger on your left hand. People usually don’t have that reflex unless they wear rings and suddenly stop. It’s a habit I observed in my mother as well. Given that you and Henry were engaged, it would make sense you would remove the ring after he lost memory of you. You also glance at the spot with regret, though that can be summoned by many emotional responses…”
. A terrible secret? Now she won’t be able to sleep until she finds out what’s her problem. Hm… Yeah, she’s definitely going to pester chum the girl (respectfully) and see what can be done about it.
“Everything else is the same,” Mrs Hudson announced, done with the check-up. Her thumbs fidgeted nervously, arms tucked close to her body. “Whoever was here, they only took the needles.”
“Hey, it’s not like I can help it!” Greg said defensively, glaring at them. “Lizards and snakes are just…. weird. And look slimy. And you never know if they’re poisonous!”
“Have you seen Tim Burton’s Corpse Bride? It’s a stop-motion movie I think,” Dean said, tone relaxed as he looked into his skeleton’s pockets.
“I’m right behind you!” John called after him, scrambling to his feet from the claustrophobic seat where he perched himself. Mike’s firm hand stopped him, though.
“Yeah, whatever - it’s dull for you,” Greg sighed, averting his gaze to watch his steps down the stairs. “How come I forgot? Oh, Great Sherlock, can you forgive me? I’ll never repeat the same mistake again!”
“I’m glad you’re trying to get better,” Cas said, looking intently at Greg. Dean nudged him under the table in hopes to pass on that his angel manners were shining through. It worked; Cas snapped back and, rather stiffly, leaned backwards in his chair.
There was a long pause, during which Dumbledore stared at the burnt slip of parchment, and the rest of the school stared at their Headmaster. Dumbledore cleared his throat, his spectacles flashing towards the very opposite of the Slytherin table, and Draco resignedly knew what this must’ve been about. He threw daggers across the Great Hall as Dumbledore said --
The clock ticked past three in the morning when Irene settled in her bed in the attic, eyelids heavy, but spirit light and content.
“Better get on with it, then, ha?” he smiled at the four champions, rubbing his hand. “We’ve got to give you all instructions, right, Barty? You want to do the honours?”
“No idea, but there’s a sketch of a prehistoric carnivorous terror bird here.” Sherlock stopped to show the drawing to John. The terror bird looked… less than friendly. “The author listed no threats or dangers to humans, so I suppose that’s a good sign.”
She flossed, nodded at herself, washed her face and returned to the attic to change into her favourite grey yoga pants and black tank top. She trotted downstairs into the kitchen where she found Mrs Hudson reading the local newspaper. She was wearing red rimmed glasses that suited her rather nicely.
“He vanished. He liked the rainbow, though. But he wasn’t a good friend. He always laughed at me and my despair, but he revealed that somebody with a blood aspect will come and release me.”
“Not necessarily, but often. There are people who want to focus on world building and mending plot holes, but a lot of people also find comfort in writing or reading about their ships in happy settings. They can use it to cope, or have it as their hobby, or both. Your options are limitless in fandom.”
“What the hell, guys?” Mike shouted once the sound subsided. He sounded scandalized. “I dropped my nachos because of you!” Right then the doors opened, sending a strip of light at the boys messing around with the cables and technical devices. Kate asked the same question, Sarah in tow.
John nodded and unlocked his phone as Sherlock closed the attic door behind him. “Let’s call the Winchesters, then. Come sit down, Cas.”
“I didn’t expect one,” John said, winking. His smile softened at Sherlock’s thoughtful look. “Hey, don’t worry about it. I don’t mind, you know. I just really want you to see that Christmas can be fun.”
Sherlock took the ring from him and placed it atop Gloria’s just as she rose in the air, ready to start round two of her havoc. But the moment the rings touched, the static in the air stilled, a wheezing sound capturing their attention.
“I’m done,” Sherlock announced, letting the fridge door close on their own. John raised his head inquisitively from where he rummaged in a bag.
By the time he was done speaking and recounting what he’d done, John was in stitches, and Sherlock burrowed his shameful face in John’s stomach and his green Christmas jumper. “I can’t believe I missed that! You did seem more clingy than usual, holding onto Rosie the whole time, even in the taxi.”
He faintly registered John’s footsteps as he trotted upstairs, but they were a little heavier. He was carrying something. Sherlock snapped back to attention and sat up, though he had to regain balance as his head spun from the sudden shift.
Cage took a step forward, squashing Mr Rabbiarty. John gasped at the sight of that, and Sherlock cursed the doll even more. Can’t he see it holds precious memories for John?!
“Alright,” he replied, resting his cheek atop John’s hair. “I’m amenable to that. Now make me food, I’m starving.”
"Jane lost her bunny last night and we weren't able to find it yet," the Hufflepuff said, Jane sobbing even harder. "It was a gift from her grandpa."
“Pretty stunning, actually,” his reflection said, making him jump. “Sorry! Haha, sometimes I forget I’m just a mirror.”
Greg kicked the doors in, hands full of paper grocery bags. Mrs Hudson has left for the day earlier, needing to go home and tend to her garden. Greg was fine with it, the Shack wasn’t busy anymore. He stumbled into the kitchen, throwing the bags down on the table. He hastily jumped after the torn bag of oranges that rolled out of one bag, threatening to spill its contents.
she had to go, fetch herself a date, and leave him alone in this trap full of pretty boys and an insufferable scammer. Mrs Hudson, he didn’t mind at all - the woman was an angel, and she was the most loving, caring, badass person in the radius of the whole town when it came to the adults-over-forty population. Plus, he managed to return her tools before she had the chance to notice his error and stare him down, phew!
“I knew you were tired,” Sherlock said, sitting up but staying on the floor next to John’s chair, “so I wasn’t surprised when we came back and Irene said you fell asleep. However, I underestimated how much exactly you were or still are tired. I didn’t want to wake you up. You were….”
“He didn’t remember much to begin with, how he came to get lost and all that. He couldn’t explain why he feared the dog, either. He clammed up whenever we brought it up. He was skittish for months, didn’t leave his parents’ house at all. People speculated what could’ve happened to make him paranoid to such a degree and we thought maybe his friends took a prank too far. None of them knew what happened, though. They went to sleep together and woke up in the morning to find Henry gone.
Seb scurried off. Sherlock registered Lestrade’s car pass by. John waved at him from the window and he parked the vehicle just behind Mrs Hudson’s. John swiftly got out, grinning at Sherlock as he locked the car. Crossing the empty road, their eyes met and Sherlock felt his lips forming a smile reciprocating John’s. Butterflies fluttered in his stomach, and something inside told him he had made the right decision not to suppress his brain’s chemistry in this case. He can overthink John’s opinion of his physical prowess later.
Irene snapped pictures, gathering evidence as to why Greg was indeed a part of the Disney world. Call it an investigation of her own, if you will. Sherlock has the mystery journal as his summer part-time job, she has this. Perfectly balanced, as all things should be.
Greg took his thumb off the button that let him transmit his speech and stared at the device longingly. He had no guarantee that the person at the other end was listening, or even alive, but if there was a singular thing he believed in, it was this. Whatever it takes, he’s going to get answers, and his husband back.
“I did not steal anything! I hate Potions, I stay away from the dungeons as much as I can!” Anderson defended himself, cheeks red.
John swallowed and flipped on his back, Sherlock hovering above him. “Well, as highschool became more and more demanding, I had less time to take care of Lou or Jerry or Jas. Lou refused to behave in my father’s presence and he was losing his patience with her. I had a plan to give her to my grandma’s neighbours. Their dog succumbed to cancer a year prior and they were lonely, so I thought hey, I could visit Lou whenever I went to see gran. I thought that was better, but....”
Cas stepped out of his shoes -- the squeaky wet sensation was weirding him out -- and agreed. “I can wake you up,” he said, looking them over. “I won’t sleep. I can start sorting out the living room in the meantime or… something. Also.”
However, Cas wasn’t so sure about the man. He was all too stoic and took everything in stride and calmly where others would be highly suspicious. He was very laid back and John said he’s always been like this, but something wasn’t adding up. Cas had nothing bad to say against him and trusted him, but a part of him was on high alert around Greg. He caused no harm and when he saw John’s memories that first day they met, he concluded that Greg Lestrade has been more of a father figure to the boy than his biological father has ever been. In fact, John and Dean shared similar traumas. The difference was that John hadn’t grown up as a hunter.
He located one such cart near a printer that sat propped up on a drawer next to a table with an unlocked computer. As he stood by, the printer beeped, and a picture of smiling Nicolas Cage slid out. A set of shivers ran down his spine; he didn’t feel thrilled about the guy since that day at the Shack when some sort of weird impostor ghost that was possessing a doll with the actor’s picture glued to its face attacked him with its army of devilish Disney Princesses.
Harry, Ron, and Hermione huddled along the streets, the two boys blindly following Hermione wherever she was dragging them. They were protected by the Invisibility Cloak’s magic, which allowed the trio for a safer travelling now that Lord Voldemort had fully seized power definitely.
“I’m going to blast off those bottles and win Molly a bear,” Mike said, cracking his knuckles. A determined glimmer flicked across his face, such that spoke of utter confidence. It made sense to see Mike so devastated later in the park. Damn.
"You act like it mattered outside of Hogwarts," said another boy on John's right. He was slightly taller than the other two and his dark curls were lazily groomed.
He signed off, taking painfully long to rise from his chair. His body felt like lead, and he barely made it to the gift shop and the living room couch before his consciousness started slipping from him.
Special thanks to Bee and Dee who beta read for me and withstand my pestering when I ask for 'first' feedback :p :)
But there was not a moment to spare; Irene and Mary were now engaged in a full-on girl fight full of hair pulling, unfair kicking, and throwing the other at an unstable wooden pillar that held the ceiling together. Mary grabbed Irene by her wrists and attempted to throw her across the room, but Irene dragged her along, both of them slamming into the weakest support beam. They stopped dead in their tracks when a loud crack one-upped their screeching, and the ceiling gave out.
Sherlock, however, became Snape’s star student, even though he didn’t express it. It was visible, though, that the Professor enjoyed having a highly competent and enthusiastic student in his class. What points Sherlock lost with his sharp tongue during other classes, he regained during Potions, and sometimes Transfiguration.
Suddenly feeling more fatigued than ever, Sherlock decided to obey John. His presence was calming and already strange enough as it was, and he liked observing the land dwellers. He was the first one to show kindness to him. Even though he had yet to show his culinary prowess.
“Thanks!” John called after him, closing the door with a bump of his hip. They ordered medium pizzas; if they overeat, there will still be some slices left for breakfast. “Guys! We got pizza!”
“No, it isn’t,” Irene rolled her eyes and leaned on her hand dipping deeper into the mattress. She pulled the turban off with her free hand. “I just
“Yes?” Janine croaked in her nasal voice, long glittery nails scratching at the corner of her mouth.
“Oh my God, you’re totally blushing!” Irene giggled, pointing her fork at the upkeeper. Mrs Hudson covered her face in her soft hands, stealing a look at Irene and then at Angelo who just delivered another serving of food to a neighbouring pair of customers. Irene lowered her voice for the sake of faux secrecy. “You’re so cute! So, how long?”
is not dreary!” he defended, his voice cracking. He cleared his throat collecting as much dignity as he could gather. “Whatever. I can see I won’t be appreciated here! You just lost a customer, Greg. I don’t need some nancy boy to creep me out when I’m on my vacation!”
“So that’s where we are standing,” Irene concluded after she revealed where the guys had gone. “Have you seen Sam and Dean?”
He nodded at the net, inside of which lay a very nervous merfolk. John could sense the distress from where he was standing. Not good if he wanted to solve this.
The air inside was stale and heavy, so Irene opened a window, John following suit. They breathed in the fresh pine tree essence, as much as it allowed them to. The weather kept on being unpleasantly hot and humid, storm predictions coming and going, but yielding no precipitation.
“Apparently. But neither you nor Irene made a potion that de-ages us temporarily,” Sherlock pointed out.
John sat on the porch, sunbathing. Or so he told himself. He and Sherlock went through second-year medicine chemistry and biology together. John noticed Sherlock’s textbook yesterday before he and Irene left and brought up the subject earlier today. Sherlock had a copy of a fourth year chemistry university textbook, claiming he was always ahead of everyone else. Plus, this was fun for him along with the science of deduction. John didn’t doubt it, seeing how well Sherlock understood the subject and how graciously he explained the concepts and  topics John had failed to grasp during the school year. In turn, John walked him through his ‘beginner’ medical knowledge. Sherlock absorbed the information like a sponge, saying it would be useful to have this knowledge at future crime scenes.
Harry watched Sherlock roll his eyes and huff in this dramatic manner. "No. That would mean we owe him a favour."
“Tremendous!” Irene sighed, throwing herself around the man’s neck. He patted her lightly on the back, laughing.
John nuzzled into the crane of his neck, both of them locked in an embrace, illuminated by one last sun ray resting on Sherlock’s back and John’s face.
,” he lowered his sunglasses to wink at him. Sherlock pocketed the card on which Sebastian’s number was written on in a clear font. “Well. Gotta go. See you around, Sherlock Holmes.”
With a heavy sigh, he knelt besides the bed and picked up his pyjamas and stuffed it under his fluffed-up pillow.
John was quick and efficient. peeking at the remaining scabs and humming in approval as Sherlock guessed that his potions worked. Was he a healer? The process largely differed from that of the merfolk. They used a lot more fish and pearls in their healing pastes and magic.
“John, you know I loathe repeating myself,” he rolled his eyes, leaning his hip on the railing. “What’s gotten into you? I thought you were enjoying yourself.”
True, he never witnessed them move on their own, though he had an idea of what was happening. But he refused to buy into the curses the tourists wrote about. Sure, the shaman dude in Los Angeles was dodgy, but not enough to ensure Nic Cage went around passing the curse on. Nor did the Disney Princesses he got from that crazy collector lady (stealing was a more suitable word, for the lack of better expression).
“My body is mostly just transport, John,” he said, sighing as if this was the most ridiculous debate in the history of speaking.
“John, you haven’t eaten since lunch,” he said, the mattress dipping under his weight. John hummed, the pillow swallowing half of the sound. Sherlock’s hand stroked the length of his bicep; the touch felt cool against his skin. John hugged the pillow tighter around his head. “John. Wake up. You need to eat.”
“I think it’s a wonderful idea,” John said, winding an arm around his neck and pulling him closer so that he could press a kiss to his cheekbone. Sherlock’s wide eyes snapped up to his, full of wonder and awe that John agreed. “What?”
“Need it to go over my case files for inventory. You know that I like my registers clean, but I’ll give you time to play with the ciphers.”
“Meep meep,” Meep meeped calmly, and John could imagine him sigh. He wasn’t offended by the man’s straightforwardness. Castiel nodded as if understanding.
They left the park in silence, stopping by an Indian restaurant for takeaway and then they took a cab home to Baker Street. John spotted a few wizard watching them as well. It wasn’t all that hard when they had no idea how muggle fashion worked. It was hilarious, but also concerning. Thankfully there was no sign of Greyback or Dementors.
Greg picked up a walkie-talkie that was connected to a radio, fumbling with its buttons and tiny antennas. The sound of static increased and decreased. Once it clicked, he brought the device up to his mouth. He put his feet up on the steel table, dusty from the dirt ceiling that littered particles from above. His eyes grazed the almost-finished portal in the room in front of him illuminated by artificial lights. He had to hurry up with the construction if he wanted to have it ready at the end of summer, but today he worked plenty.
“Yeah, I get that. I just need to shake it off a little. I’m so fucking tired I won’t even tease him today.”
“Usually, yes, but I am very versatile, I assure you. Besides, those are only a few of my skills, and it keeps me busy. Of course, sometimes my hips put up an act and I have to rest, but that’s nothing simple medication won’t solve. Plus, there’s always John to help. Greg’s great-great-great nephew thrice removed, or so I’ve heard. He spends the summers here, he’ll arrive tomorrow.”
His mouth watered at the mere mention of it. “Hell yeah! Do you know how hard it is to get on the road between hunts? Shit, sorry, is Greg…”
“Hi! How are you? You're Blake Selcout, right? Could you sign my backpack? I have a special quill just for the occasion!”
“What do you think?” he felt a nudge in his ribs. John nodded at the obnoxious red-white-green parade in front of them, the screams of the unknown child no longer grinding their ears. “Should we get Rosie to see Santa, as well?”
“I’m cleverer that him,” Sherlock said, pouting for sure. Mycroft took that as a cue to barge in without seeming like he listened all this time.
“Had a nice chat?” Greg started, then sipped from the can, slurping loudly as he did so. John’s left eye twitched at the sound.
“Whew, some of this shit is just boring,” Dean concluded as he slammed a copy of a law book from 1895 on the table, startling everyone around. Sam inconspicuously inched towards it and snatched it. His lawboy persona forever had an illicit love affair with all things justice related. “Does anybody wanna grab a coffee? I think I’ll pass out from boredom otherwise.”
“Then there is your limited contact with your immediate family. Up to this point you haven’t contacted them or talked about them openly. Lestrade asked you once when he thought Irene and I were out of earshot and you shut him down. You’re a university student on a scholarship and you work two part-time jobs during semesters. Clearly, independence means a lot to you.
“Sherlock, get Donovan,” Lestrade pleaded, his voice strangled as his windpipe tried to coherently make sounds. “Dimmock is a dickhead. I’m having none of that shit.”
“There’s no lizard,” John said, bumping him with his shoulder. “Open it! Sherlock and I put money from our allowances together to buy it.”
“See wha-- Sherlock!” John was dragged to a stream of crystal clear water where sapphire feathered swans floated on the surface. Their waterproof coats were glistening from droplets coming from the rushing stream, making it seem as though they were made by Swarovski. “Whoa. They’re stunning!”
He got there pretty quickly and he was surprised with himself that he managed to remember the way there as much as he did. That was partially thanks to Hermione, though. He had to admit, her cleverness was finally rubbing off on him.
Cas’ brows furrowed discontentedly, his dissatisfaction obvious in the slouch of his wings. John had gotten used to the supernatural sight of them, though they caught him off-guard when he’d encountered Cas on his trip to the kitchen in the wee hours of the morning and he gazed out of the kitchen window, Grace at his elbow, tail wagging from side to side in a lazy motion.
Slowly, as if diving underwater on a warm sunny day, Dean’s thoughts slipped from him, letting him fall gently into dreamless sleep, his prayers fading into mere concepts. He’ll get to see Cas tomorrow, make sure he’s fine…
“I’m sorry, Dean,” Cas said. “I have absolutely no lead on what went on. I can’t communicate via angel radio, I can’t use my powers -- they’re fully restored but limited, suppressed, and the source is unknown.”
that being said, the plot thickens even more in our next episode! I'm very excited to share it with you all soon
“Alright, I’ll make sure to get you a nice sauna in hell,” he told her as they ascended the stairs. Once on the first floor, Sherlock flipped the lightswitch on. Irene’s stomach grumbled audibly.
“Dad couldn’t know there would be traffic, Harry,” John said, massaging his wrist. Harry had a pretty strong grip.
“Nope, you’re socialising with the rest of the household today,” John said, tugging him along. And he had the audacity to
Millie stayed quiet on the other end. “I suppose. But who would even want to put a curse like that on innocent people? Wipe their memories almost clean regarding certain moments in their life?”
"How do you know?" Harry asked, if a little freaked out by the sudden acknowledgement he may have given himself away.
"Mornin'," she said, giving the man, Mundungus Fletcher, a shove with her leg. The man twitched and glared at her, to no avail. "Apologies for the noise. Been troublesome, this guy, but got him anyway."
He realised how suggestive ‘we’ll do me’ sounded, but he refused to look in John’s direction should they have an innuendo coming. What’s up with him lately? Stupid hormones muddling his social interactions. Okay, he definitely did want to get laid, don’t get him wrong, but he should probably control himself better. At the speed his restraint was going, he would be gagging for it by the end of summer if he’s not careful.
“What took you so long?” it said, glowering at him. “I tried to get your attention for half an hour!”
Mr Ripper threw the microphone on the ground, eliciting a shriek from Kitty Riley. She jerked back from the scattered remains, as did the cameraman. The focus was still on Mr Ripper as he let out a victorious roar, and then he punched himself in the transplanted eye. Then the ads cut in.
“You, essentially,” Sherlock purred, mouthing the outline of John’s ear, sending shivers down his spine.
“Seriously? I’m an experiment?” Irene laughed, shaking off the agitation from her limbs when she stood to her full height, hyping herself up.
“Mork,” Greg whispered, too tired to have this conversation twice in one night. “Enough. That conversation can wait.”
He narrowly avoided colliding with a pack of children running around with kites, but he barely noticed them trying to trip him with the strings -- John Watson was
Sam is obviously disgruntled and sighs in aggravation. He fixes the camera with a soulless stare and we can see him reconsider time travelling in TARDIS and joining Azazel and eternally deleting Heaven in point three seconds. However, that wasn’t exactly available, so he has to roll with it.
. He could see the crap her Quill wrote on the paper, some such things about the reporter being amazing and full of herself.
lies. How could anyone sensible read this, less so even believe it? Yes, it was pretty much there, but as far as he knew, he and Harry were on agreeable terms. Did this jeopardize it? If he could, he wanted to help Harry get out of this unharmed. By the look of things, he was among few people who sympathized with him and his struggle.
“Grace, come on,” Sherlock tried, luring the dog forward. She didn’t budge. He tried to call Redbeard, but he stayed by his mom, his butt vibrating widely from side to side from how violently he flailed his tail about. It was the cutest thing Irene had seen.
“It’s fine. It happened over a decade ago. Thirteen years to be exact.” He considered how to begin and took a deep breath, fingers of his left hand rhythmically dancing over John’s sternum. “The details are fizzy, I kind of blocked out some of it as a kid, but I remember that one year when Mycroft came home for Christmas, he was tense. He relaxed over the holidays and we celebrated my birthday in January, but I noticed that something was troubling him. I was still in my pirate phase and I made him promise to come back with a big treasure, which he did. I don’t know, he had graduated already by then, I think he was working on his third PhD --”
He looked through his backpack, taking out a packet of biscuits he’d saved from his home before departing. A good-bye gift from his landlady, Mrs Hudson. Of course she wouldn’t let him leave without them.
Sherlock and John were panting by the time the Shack appeared as a dark silhouette in the dark, only the faint wall lamp indicating where the doors were. Ten meters away, John put his everything to outrun Sherlock, stomping up the porch in one long jump and crashing spectacularly into the doors, flinging them open at once. He fell on his knees, giggling like an idiot when Sherlock bumped into him full force -- they were both close to the entrance.
“You’re saying I’m jealous of a sentient doberman detective dog,” Sherlock stared at her incredulously.
It was then that Angelo introduced himself, his waiter having gone for a ten minute break. “What will you have, lovelies?” he asked brightly, his infectious smile shining on them like the sun. He had a notepad in hand, a short pencil in the other. Frequently used, the diner was visited by locals mainly during lunch hours giving the place high traffic.
“They don’t know what they’re missing out on. You can’t miss something you never had,” Cas said, staring at the cobwebbed ceiling. They should seriously dust in here.
“Is it because of your wings?” John asked, walking behind them. Cas ducked his head, tilting it from side to side.
John inhaled deeply through his nose, clenched and unclenched his left fist and gave Sherlock a tiny smile that had him melted in nanoseconds. “Can I talk to you for a second? It can wait until you’re done in the bathroom, of course but… I’d like to talk about our date.”
“I want to see you try,” Sherlock snickered, exceptionally proud of himself. Then he beamed up at John, tugging at his t-shirt. “John! We have to get samples of the dirt here!”
I also apologise to any hardcore potterheads if they find smt out of the line, I'd like to be more precise if you find smt inaccurate, so let me know, but I also don't have that much time to pinpoint everything in the books to take reference from due to my schedule now, but I will do my best :)
“Oh, don’t worry, John! Just being my crazy British self. In the end, it’s just a coffin. A piece of wood. It’s not like Bram Stoker wrote an entire book as to
Hit the bottles, victory cry, crate, bam! Black eye! And sodding Andrew West to come to the rescue….”
Speaking of which, he was quite curious what Sherlock would think of his present. He had Mike Stamford help him, seeing as he liked Charms, but it was a really simple gift, really. He already thought of ways on how to improve it. Maybe he could use it to see his progress over the years? That didn’t sound half as bad, actually…
“You’re wearing an engagement ring,” Sherlock said matter-of-factly. He meant the ring hanging around her neck, but he decided to pretend it was in its usual place. “You keep touching it subconsciously when you speak of your fiancé and reassure yourself of his return.”
“Uh, sure. But in that case we’ve got a problem.” He put up a hand when Sherlock’s pupils widened with panic at that. “No-no-no, nothing sinister. I just… don’t know how to dance. Classically.” John grimaced and scrunched up his nose as he said it, unsure of what to expect. He risked a glance at his date.
Sherlock’s head dipped, lashes feathering as he looked John over, then at the sunlight which delicately illuminated his profile. His eyes sparkled in beatific shades of azure and sated green of the forest, not completely unlike those off in the distance. How did John ever manage to catch Sherlock’s eye? He sat on a whole new level of pretty that John was aware of.
Sherlock squinted at him, contemplating the consequences of his affections. He looked at Redbeard, then at John, back at Redbeard, and then again at John, who pushed himself up on his elbows, cocking an eyebrow.
The bursting mushrooms being a core ingredient caused a lot more trouble than anticipated since it started swelling up the moment someone’s hand was centimeters from touching it.
“Sherlock being nice and not saying when he doesn’t like something? Highly unlikely,” Irene snorted at the image, the
“So what’s the plan?” Irene asked, cleaning up her mess. She opened the window to let fresh air in. She looked at Sherlock, who stared at his feet, mind racing to invent checkpoints for the date. “Sherlock? Please, don’t tell me that that big brain of yours is overthinking your date with John?”
“That’s nice of you, John. I have to agree. Greg’s been working himself too hard this year, because of…. Well, he’ll tell you by the end of the summer, I’m sure.”
“Hold on, let me figure this out,” Sherlock said, clasping his fingers together in his thinking position under his chin. Irene’s warning passed through his ears. “We practically reminded Lestrade of your whereabouts. He most likely put it out of his head, your room. You hoped things would get back to how they used to be - the only problem was that you wouldn’t be the centre of it.”
“John!” Sherlock from the mirror said, relief in his voice shattering John one piece at a time. What the hell happened here? “You’ve got to get me out of here!”
“You wouldn’t,” Sherlock argued. He bent a leg, scratching his knee before letting it fall down on the duvet. “You don’t lie. You’re honest about all you do. You voice your thoughts if you think someone is wrong. Or if they act like arses, you can’t stand injustice. That probably stems from your upbringing, but… I don’t want to assume anything about that should I offend you. I don’t want to hurt you. So, no. You wouldn’t lie, because you dislike being lied to; a simple equation. You’d rather be honest and face the consequences immediately than lie only to let the problems brew over time and then burst like a balloon.”
The three decided to call it a day and just return back to their Common Rooms. Greg skipped down to the Basement happily, encouraged by his more or less successful Mending Spell and tale about Sherlock getting chewed on by a book.
Sherlock was shaking from laughter by the end of their short bickering. “We’ll discuss the cult later. I believe Cas deserves that shower, as do I and John.”
“Yeah, a couple peeps and I go ‘round the town the day before Halloween and egg the shit out of the O’Leary cottage in the north district of Reichenbach Falls,” Lestrade said, a satisfied smirk on his face, eyes closed. “It’s a teambuilding activity.”
, has he seriously never interacted with people that often? “Cas,” Dean started. He thought about how to phrase his question in a simple, non harmful manner. “How come you know shit about humans? I mean… no offense, but you can be a bit lost on occasion. How many times have you been stationed on Earth?”
“You will have to tell me, then,” Sherlock told him, stopping at a platform that forked ways to their different towers. “When I’m… not good.”
“Sherlock.” John’s boyfriend looked up at the professional conman with bags under his eyes bigger than lake Michigan. “Do I look like I know the answer myself? Or that I care?”
“Boys!” Mrs Hudson’s hush reprimanded their giggles, though her smirk betrayed her strict tone. “Try to behave.”
John thought for a moment Sherlock was going to murder Irene on the spot. Daggers weren’t the only thing he threw at her mentally, John was sure. Probably a handful of lightbolts and a murderous Disney Princess doll, too. Ew, that memory was still fresh in his memory.
hate it. He grew accustomed to the harmless, if aggravating magical bullshit spewing from Reichenbach Falls. And the outside world and its supernatural stayed in its lane and never invaded the town, so he could shove all the crude weapons into their secret compartments hoping to never be used again.
“Now I have to hurry so John and Sherlock don’t die of boredom or aren’t robbed by those vicious tourists from Texas,” he said, waving the permit around. Irene looked at Mrs Hudson questioningly, but she only lifted her eyebrows in agreement. “Next trip, I’m taking you with us, Irene. Or come now, if you’re amenable.”
“I do. Irene’s words of encouragement stuck to me, and I figured that I have nothing to lose, do I? Angelo and I could stay friends in case he refused….”
“What, are you scared?” John teased, barking out a laugh as Greg fell silent. “You are? But it’s tiny! It doesn’t hurt anybody.”
“Hey guys!” he said, a broom in one hand. He was a bit out of breath and looked at Sherlock, though he addressed both siblings. “I think you should look at something.”
Irene scouted the food stalls and a couple exhibits on display. Children and their parents stood in lines for some rides, such as floating on a ‘river’ through a tunnel or jumping in a trampoline tent. There were at least three stalls where one could throw tennis balls at targets and win a plushie or other prize offered, but most people had terrible aim and either missed or fired the ball so rapidly it bounced off of the target’s surface and boinked back at the person who threw it, earning them a black eye or bruise on different body parts whose reflexes couldn’t register the oncoming assault as quickly. By the end of Irene’s observation round, she was sure that the funfair had forged documents in order to be even legally held.
“I say…. That they declare their love for each other sometime in the last week of August,” the upkeeper said, finishing her drink. Greg offered to take it from her and washed it in the sink.
He left for the living room. He stomped down, making quite the noise, but he didn’t think anyone would mind. If this is really a ‘mystery shack’, people needn’t complain about his loud footsteps that may be hypothetically interpreted as some ghost’s. In all frankness, he is helping the business grow already.
“Oh my God, unicorn bandages?” Irene gasped, letting John put the thin plaster over her sensate finger pad.
“Mrs Hudson is taking them -- us -- to Angelo’s for lunch since you devoured last day’s shopping,” John explained. He stood in the aisle, fingers tapping against his thighs. He was nervous. Greg took his time to relinquish the view. John Watson was
“I see that you’re struggling,” Irene poked fun at him, biting her lip. John averted his gaze to the car’s roof for a brief moment, as if gathering strength.
Greg rose to his feet and pointed an accusatory finger at John. “You’re on thin fucking ice, buddy, that couch bears the weight of our sins. Show some respect.”
“Fine,” Sherlock huffed, closing the journal and tossing it under his pillow. Lying down on his side, he propped his head on his palm. The three of them formed a sort of triangle; John sat backed up against Sherlock’s bedside table, Irene at the end of his feet a little more to the middle of the room, and then Sherlock on his bed. “What gossip do you have, then?”
“Imagine Dragons,” John said, taking a step back from the easel to evaluate his progress so far. His head turned to look at Sherlock and back to the canvas, as though he were watching a tennis match. “It’s from their first album, Speak To Me. I found the playlist on YouTube and liked it, and I think it has a nice summer touch to it. The lyrics are also nice.”
“There’s bound to be a reason behind this,” Sherlock muttered, and his hands met under his chin in a prayer gesture as they often did when he was thinking and deducing. “It’s not a coincidence anymore. If Cas says it’s blatant to him, then they’re significant. The bee… I’ve seen it before. Cas, could you confirm our aura colours when you see them clearly?”
Sherlock sighed, taking the bait. “First of all, the shape really couldn’t be more telling. Second, the weight itself is common among books, it is distinctive. Trust me, I experimented with it during summer. It’s a smaller book, but not a pocket edition. Slightly larger, but in your range of being able to pay for it with your allowance. I can’t be absolutely sure what it is when it comes to its contents, but I’d say your nagging me about Astronomy essays has a role in it. You were insistent on getting my marks higher, so it has to be about that cursed subject.”
“Right here,” John waved at him, pointing at the big dog straddling his lap. Shit, one of his legs went numb. “And they’re strays.”
Grace greeted them, tail wagging. John pressed a finger to his mouth to tell them to be quiet as he peeked into the living room. Greg was passed out on the couch, thank goodness. He lay on his belly, arms and pillow supporting his head and he dozed off. His body was twisted to lie half on the side, and Grace invaded the spot skillfully so as not to wake Greg up, resting her head on his lower back. John smiled; she was a mama alright.
“Well,” John pronounced, pushing past Sherlock towards the bathroom, patting him bum, “I thought I’d go, but…”
"The Dark Lord says you should think it through," Greyback replied. "After all, he promised deals that would last forever to those that pledge loyalty to him."
He hissed as an elbow dug particularly deeper into his clavicle, communicating that Sherlock heard enough of his instructions. So, John stood by, because he had to provide Sherlock support, and Sherlock ruminated over his next course of action. His head hung low, his curls tickling John’s nose. It would be easy to rest his head on top of Sherlock’s, but he had to be present and pay attention.
“Yes,” John emphasised. “We want to keep it from him so that he’s not in danger. The less he knows, the better. We agreed to keep it a secret and not drag him into this. He has no idea Reichenbach Falls houses so many chaotic creatures.”
“He thinks I trust him that Potter is our little innocent, unfortunate soul,” Draco laughed. “Pansy told you what I plan to do?”
get John. Surely by the end of this summer. She would’ve done so last year (which would have saved her and the Club the hassle), but he hadn’t come until the last two weeks of August. Apparently he’s been on a trip to England, but by the time he visited Reichenbach Falls, she had gone on a tour already. This summer, though -- she would get what she wants. What she needs. Because John was benign to her life, ever since they became friends as teens during one of his shorter stays here. And she won’t let a woman like Adler lay her hands on her future boyfriend. (And eventually husband, she had a whole notebook and scrapbook dedicated to their wedding.) Unfortunately, her plans took an unexpected turn of events when Adler smashed the pearl necklace. She planned on drilling it into John that he did indeed love her (who wouldn’t?), as opposed to what he may believe at the moment under Adler’s influence. That won’t last long. She’ll make sure of it. She’ll break John out of her snake-like grasp and make him hers, like he always was, and forever will be. They’ll be happy together.
John blinked. Then he blinked again. And again. He sucked in a breath at the same time as Sherlock winced, staring in his coffee. “Sherlock,” he said, “for being a genius, you can seriously be pretty fucking dumb.”
Two Canadians, two Brits studying in Canada, and an upkeeper walk into a Mystery Shack… and live there.
“Thank you, thank you,” Kate smiled in the shade. “I’d bow for good measure, but my legs are dead.” She numbly forced them to plop down on the roof, tapping them with her hands so they’d wake up quicker. “Oooh, it tickles! I hate getting ants.”
The bedroom itself was simple. At the back, centered, was a king sized bed, the sheets and duvets neatly smoothed out. Two rectangular pillows were propped up against the headboard, and three smaller pieces lay between, plus a very old, shabby-looking teddy bear. One of its eyes was missing, and the faux fur bore marks of scorching in certain places where it had almost caught on fire decades ago. The corners of Greg’s mouth twitched downwards as he regarded the relic of easier times (well, debatable, but compared to his current position….) and he took a last puff from his cigarette and threw it outside and below, perfectly hitting the container under the kitchen window.
“They’re not silly!” he glared at her, crossing his arms. “They’re essential and engaging, unlike your Friday dates and hookups.”
"No idea. Go to sleep, it's alright, Carl, sorry for waking you up," John said apologetically. Given that Carl had nightmares, he didn't want to give him more fright than he could be already experiencing.
Which, to be honest, Sherlock would believe, or even did, a little. Until today. And until this… Mary character demanded she see John in all her unknown, suggestively seducing mightiness. What if John decided to give it another go? She didn’t state it, but it was heavily implied she would like him to. Sherlock hoped John didn’t. He did say so, but wasn’t this common in movies that once people saw each other, old feelings resurfaced? Why did he agree to come to the show if he were to witness the ex-reconciliation? Hell, he considered praying to any entity that would listen not to let these two start a relationship again…
There's the crew. Also, I enjoyed giving Greg a breakdown over a TV show. He has many aspects of reactions from me. I'm Greg.
Irene made her way to Sherlock’s suitcase where he hid the journal. She furiously listed through it, mumbling unintelligible thoughts to the pages. John warily rubbed his eyes, unsure how his help was required exactly.
Sherlock hesitated, taking a deep breath. “My older brother and I… we used to play pirates together when I was a child,” he explained. “I was his First Mate.”
“Oh good, you’re here!” she grinned at Sherlock, then at Greg. She jerked her head towards the rest of the house. “John and Mrs Hudson aren’t here?”
“Be right back, guys. Keep an eye on him, Greg.” His friend nodded and patted Sherlock on the shoulder, prompting him back into the compartment.
John picked up on his spaced out stare, waving a hand in front of his eyes to get his attention. “Earth to Sherlock? You alright?”
By the time Sherlock had finished all the evidence bags were filled and labeled, but Sherlock was on a roll so he started to deduce everyone in the room. Starting with Lestrade then moving to John and finally to the young man. The officer, who was already on edge about Sherlock, he was not going to let Sherlock deduct his whole life and get away with it.
Both of them never asked each other why they got gifts for each other, they both knew but just couldn’t put it into words. To say that they were apologizes would be an insult so they carried on with life.
Sherlock was completely consumed in his book, reading about a wide open terrain imagining that he was there instead of on a boat. He was too lost in his book to hear the three knocks on the cabin door.
As John looked at what he had done he completely lost control of all of his emotions and started crying. As Sherlock relaxed in relief that it was finally over he rolled himself off of John and laid right next to him on the floor.
Sherlock watched as John brought the object to his head it was then that Sherlock realized John had a gun. Sherlock’s eyes widened as he heard John mumble something and then the sound of a gun went off and the T.V. Went black. Sherlock started kicking and screaming bloody murder he couldn’t believe it he was going to throw up he didn’t care what had happened next he didn’t want to exist.
As Sherlock reached the end of his deduction Lestrade could see the the young officers face turnbright red with anger. John could also see that the younger officer was a potential threat so he  subtly moved so that his body was between Sherlock and the officer.
Tears started to fill John’s eyes as they returned back to normal. John brought his hands to Sherlock’s face and questioned, “Sherlock?”
“I thought you were asleep, I wouldn’t have-” Sherlock scrambled for an explanation to why he was looking at John.
John couldn’t take Sherlock’s teas any longer so he grabbed Sherlock’s back and pulled him into a kiss John placed his hands on Sherlock’s face pushing their lips together. The urge to touch washed over the two.
Sherlock check his phone for the time, it was ten o’clock. Before he went undercover to destroy Moriarty’s web he hardly ever needed sleep, but when he was captured the only time he ever got to sleep was when he passed out from the pain. He has accepted that his body was trying to regain everything that it had lost over the two years of capture. He didn’t like thinking about the lonely years away from Baker Street, away from John. When Sherlock came home Mycroft forced him to be fully examined by every sort of doctor in London. Most of them told Sherlock that he needed to keep his body movement to a dormant state for at least a year, but the therapist is the person who he remembers and hates the most.
Sherlock leaned down an hooked his arms under John’s body and lifted him up. He took John to his bedroom knowing that it was impossible for him to carry John up the stairs and not fall flat on his face. Sherlock tucked John in and settled himself in, but instead of Sherlock retreating to the other side of the bed as far away from John as possible he rested his head on John’s chest and placed his arm across his body.
Sherlock had done everything he could to stop John from screaming, but he wouldn’t budge. John was screaming and yelling for Sherlock to help him Sherlock’s heart rate picked up the more John pleaded and then finally Sherlock yelled back.
Tears began to stream down John’s face and with a flick of his eyes he was suddenly gazing into Sherlock’s sole. It was just the two of them now unmasked of dreams and drugs, completely and utterly naked.
Then everything stopped, the spots in his eyes disappeared, his hands weren’t hurting from gripping cloth and his body wasn’t laying on anything. The feeling  of John left Sherlock.
“Welp, Mr. Watson,” Sherlock said as he steadyed himself to treat John’s split eyebrow. “You’ve got a cupple of bruises, a scrape that ripped open the knee of your jeans, your right eye is closed up and you have a split in your eyebrow.”
When Sherlock returned he came through the door with a bundle of flowers in one hand and the shopping in the other. He set the shopping down and went to John to give him the flowers.
They sang till four O’clock in the morning Just as they had stopped singing Sherlock’s phone started to buzz Sherlock sighed, put down the severed big toe and thumb that he was comparing and picked up his phone. A smile spread across Sherlock’s face as he scrolled through texts from lestrade. He looked up at John who was typing on his computer not paying any attention to him, Sherlock yelled, “We’ve got one!!”
“Have you got him dear?” She asked and was answered by another “yes” and the sounds of the creaking stairs whining as Sherlock made his way to John’s room.
The flat was completely quiet, completely and utterly quiet and Sherlock couldn’t take it, so as he was marking down the flexibility of a toe he started to Hum ‘here comes the sun’ John immediately recognized the song and started singing along.
Sherlock’s heart sank as he saw John struggling. He had the most painful expression plastered across his face. Tears fell from his cheeks as he pleaded “Sherlock come back!”. Sherlock wanted to help him but he didn’t know how. Sherlock had blood streaming down his face from the cuts that John had Inflicted on him, he wasn’t sure if it was safe. But Sherlock put aside all his worries and walked over to John. He placed his hand on John’s cheek, almost immediately John calmed down and held Sherlock’s wrist, pushing the detective's hand harder against his face.
As John’s eyes begin to get used to the lack of light they started to focus on a figure that slouched against the wall. John suspected that it was just a bundle of black trash bags but as he ran closer he could make out a human. John got to the body he collapsed to his knees and tried his hardest to work with what little light he had, he couldn’t find a head.
Sherlock shot up out of his sleep in a cold sweat he tried  to get his breath back as he noticed he was back in the deteriorating room with a needle in his arm. Sherlock pulled the syringe out of his arm. He stumbled whilst launching himself up and out of the building. With a hand over his forearm he started to run back to Baker Street.
Any confidence Sherlock had that he would fix John immediately shriveled and died in him, Sherlock felt small and helpless. He walked next to the bed and began to slowly unravel John from the covers. The sheets were wet, Sherlock had assumed that it was just from the panic that had been inflicted on John so he thought nothing of it.
John tried to run to him but his legs wouldn’t move he could hear the sirens in the background. John stood there as his friend drove his head over and over into the concrete.
John's mind quickly twisted as his surroundings started to change. The London builds that lined the streets turned into nothing but shells of concrete buildings. The streets and sidewalks disintegrated into dusty roads filled with puddles of blood as bodies of soldiers occupied them.It was like one of many destroyed cities he had visited in Afghanistan.
Sherlock was yanked out of his sleep by the sounds of his best friends screams. He threw off the covers and rushed out of his bedroom and to the stairs.
Sherlock walked to the coat rack and grabbed his jacket “I’m just going to go out,” Sherlock walked towards John whilst pushing his arms through the sleeves of his coat “I’m going to pick up some body parts at the morgue.” He stood right in front of John.
Sherlock’s eyes shot open and realized it was blood, he hesitated, as if he thought the problem was in his head and it would go away. Then the blood began to roll down his face, he picked John up slowly and calmly walked down the stairs to his bedroom.
He always loved the sight of it, completely and utterly empty. The whole 6th floor was divided into 5 different sections, the main deck was second to the front, it was the first deck you would walk onto as you reach the 6th floor doors. The main pool was right in the middle of the deck it was overlooked by the megatron. The pool was lined with chairs and had pubs on two sides of it. Sherlock is very keen on the design of the main seating area which was on the other side of the pool from the megatron, it was set up to look like terrace farming, each “terrace” had two small swimming pools on both ends with beach chairs pushed up against the back walls, there were about 5 “terraces”. The end of the seating area led up to the first division of the deck (the one right before the front of the boat) it was on the 8th floor. On one side it was the adult area, the adult area for sensible adults that aren’t always drunk, and the other side was a sitting area with ping pong and a big chess board, they were divided by the doors to get inside and to the stairs. The 3rd section from the front was the two floor diner. After you pass the diner you get to the 4th division of the deck which is Sherlock’s least favorite part of the deck it’s basically were all the druk adults go, the adults that should be closed off from everyone, it’s a big swimming pool surrounded by pubs. Then there’s the back of the boat which is on the 7th floor deck, the 7th floor deck stretches around 3 sections of the 6th floor deck it starts under the megatron, where Sherlock is sitting, and goes around the diner, over looks the drunk adult section and leads straight to the back of the boat, which looks like the front of the boat but because you can’t get to the front of the boat people always take pictures there acting as if It’s the front. The boat has two extra decks that are above the megatron one of them, which is the 8th floor, has two basketball courts with a volleyball court right next to it that only took up half the deck because the other half of the deck was the top floor, the 9th floor, which was where mini golf was.
Sherlock found himself in a dimly lit room old soiled mattresses laid in a line along  all three and a half walls. The state of everything in the room was deteriorating, the walls were rotten, the floorboards were rarely whole and the windows where shards littered on the floor.
Sherlock shook as he brought his head up to look at the small television in the corner of the room. It was a security tape of the flat Sherlock’s flat back in London his eyes focused in a lump curled up on his chair clutching a pillow. It was John and he was crying it started as a wimpier and grew into a yell a loud and furious yell crying out to Sherlock.
Sherlock felt like he was floating, when he spoke his voice would echo all around him and when John looked at him he would see the world in Technicolor.
Sherlock sat on the edge of the bed and checked his phone to see if Lestrade had texted. He sighed and threw his phone over his shoulder onto the bed.
John was under Sherlock’s spell, when Sherlock finally opened his eyes he peered up at John through his eyebrows and noticed his lust filled eyes. Sherlock started dancing towards John with a seductive flow to his movements. Sherlock pushed John down onto the couch and straddled John’s  legs, John slid his hands up Sherlock’s body exposing the smooth skin underneath his purple button down. Sherlock kept his eyes closed as he still danced to the music. When Sherlock opened his eyes again to look down at John he was meant with a gaze he had never seen before, he didn’t know what it was but his wonders were put to rest as John spoke.
Sherlock got up took the bottle from John and stumbled to the kitchen table and placed the bottle on it. He then stumbled into his room and flopped down onto his bed with his face buried in his pillow. An hour later John woke up and decided that there was no way he could walk up the stairs in the condition he was in so he stumbled into Sherlock’s bed and crawled underneath the covers. Sherlock was so out cold that he hadn’t even noticed John pick his own legs up and slid his underneath his.
Sherlock went into his bathroom and cleaned himself up he took a shower and shaved his beard then went to bed.
What happened that morning played over and over in John’s mind. He thought about what happened, he thought about what could have happened he couldn’t decide if it was the right thing to do.
“What the hell, John what are you-.” Sherlocks rant was cut off by John’s screams. The detective jumped up and ran towards the lights flicking them on.
Sherlock left his spot on the 7th floor deck as fast as possible trying his hardest to avoid any American that walked his way. He ran to the kitchen and weaved his way through the panicked kitchen staff. He made his way the the head sheff, Greg, the only person that Sherlock remotely liked. He jumped up onto the counter where Greg had his spices and vegetables layed out one his cutting board. Sherlock grabbed an apple out of a bowl that zoomed past him with a frantic staff member attached to it he hadn’t noticed the theft, but Greg had.
All the mortified people's screaming and crying slowly turned into White noise as a ringing started to grow in John's ears. John's eyes filled up with tears that quickly started to stream down his face. He wrapped his arms around his friend, like how they taught him in military school to move a wounded soldier, and picked Sherlock’s limp body up. He thought to himself that the ambulance would take too long, not a second later he was running with his friend in his arms down the street towards the hospital.
Sherlock stated as his long bony finger directed John and Lestrade’s attention to two bits of human on two different sides of the room.
“Why the hell did I think that was going to end well?” Sherlock said as he frantically put toothpaste onto his toothbrush and shoved it into his mouth.
“Hey Sherlock do you know where you put my-” John paused as he briefly caught a glimpse of Sherlock scrambling to hide the box. “Am I interrupting something?”
When Sherlock opened the door the first thing he saw was his friend thrashing around on the floor. He was tangled in his sheets and as Sherlock came closer he could see a layer of sweat covering John’s face. Sherlock’s eyebrows pinched together in sadness at the sight of his friends face, John seemed scared confused and worried all at the same time.
Before Sherlock could even attempt to break free a blow was delivered to his ribs by the screaming man with a led pipe another hit was administered to the other side of his body without hesitation. Blood started to leak over Sherlock’s lips and onto the floor one after another the hits were delivered until he was on the edge of passing out from the pain.
John was cold and had gone limp, he had slit his wrists. Sherlock covered John’s wrists to stop the bleeding but it was too late John’s lips were blue and his eyes were blank.
Sherlock got up from the bed and quickly moved towards the front room. Sherlock reached under the couch and pulled out a wooden box, what he was about to do he had to do quickly because John would be out of the bathroom soon. Sherlock opened the box gazing at the small bag of powder and a syringe which lay neatly on a piece of velvet cloth.
John found his way around the body he could make out its arms, its legs and its face; Sherlock’s face.
John looked up at Sherlock through his one good eye and pouted, “Aww my jeans, I loved these jeans. Sherlock Holmes the shit I do for you.”
Sherlock flipped over on the hard mattress, he could smell the drugs. He screamed as he felt them flow over himself mixing with the cold night that leaked in through the cracks of the abandoned house. He wanted to go home he wanted John.
Sherlock’s head flew back causing him to wake up. John had moved his leg out from underneath Sherlock’s head eliminating Sherlock’s only support. Sherlock sat up and took a minute to figure out what had and hadn’t happened the time was three in the morning Sherlock stood up still half asleep and rubbed his eyes. He looked at John curled up on the couch and felt a pit open in his stomach. Sherlock wanted his dream to be real he’d wanted so much for it to be true that he would give anything. But, it wasn’t true it would never be so, as if a man like John could ever love a man like him.
Tonight is Sherlock’s night to text John out of the blue.  John is already thrumming with anticipation when he arrives at his destination, finding Sherlock in those tight as hell jeans and snug fitting deep purple t-shirt.  And as if that wasn’t enough, the bastard topped off his look with fucking eyeliner.
Oh, Christ. He didn't just say that, did he? Sherlock forced himself not to lick his lips. Fucking John Watson would be... something he would not allow himself to think about again.
John snorted. "No, unfortunately, I don't think that was what it was about at all, but I can appreciate where you were coming from. It's no problem. I survived it in one piece, right? No harm done."
Sherlock didn't look up but could feel John radiating warmth in his direction. He tried to keep himself from blushing, hating how vulnerable he had been and letting John see him like that. He reminded himself for the tenth time not to let it happen again.
Sherlock snorted. "Yes her, me and a dead body. How romantic. You are fully aware that I'm gay, correct?"
"You'd do well to listen to me," Irene replies angrily. "In case you weren't aware, Sherlock is also important to
John bloody Watson, gorgeous rugby captain, blond-haired blue-eyed well-known ladies man around their school is
John whirled around, a cold panic settling itself inside of him as he met Sherlock's cool clear gaze. The fear knot in his stomach staked its claim as Sherlock strolled toward John calmly. John could only stare back.
. Sherlock tears his mouth away, panting, holding onto John's jacket with sweaty fists, breathing heavily into his ear as John descends upon his neck.
John pulled back to search those ever-changing eyes, trying to bite back the worry that was creeping up his chest. The look he received did feel reassuring but still, he hated the thought that Sherlock had been hurt. He lifted Sherlock's arm and bent to place a gentle kiss over the scar from the cut John had tended to all those weeks ago. It was still a dark pink, almost red, and still a bit scabbed over at one end, slowly healing itself. Sherlock let out a stuttered breath and their eyes met again as John straightened his spine. Sherlock took his face in his hands. "I'm fine," he repeated, locking John into an intense stare. "You fixed me."
touches. His lips move along Sherlock's collarbone and his tendons beneath his jaw before he's tracing just along the outer edges of Sherlock's mouth, touching reverently and carefully, still holding onto his hips and hugging him close.
"Oi, I'll shower before the club," Mike replies, unfazed as he swipes fingers through his still sweaty fringe and wipes them on the front of his practice jersey like the gentleman he is. "I gotta get myself gorgeous for our evening out anyway, right?"
It's been days. That's it. Just days. Not weeks, not months, not years. They've been apart for literal
"Please," Holmes waived his hand dismissively. "No one would believe you any way, all of the paperwork is in in place. I simply don't have time to worry about you getting in the way."
"Again," Sherlock sighs, pulling on his t-shirt and going to follow, "why? There is literally no reason for me to be at rugby game."
Sherlock cleared his throat. "There is a bit more, though. He - nothing has happened," he assured with a settle of his hand in midair. "I want to make that very clear. My brother believes it his place to prepare for things that haven't yet occurred. But there may come a time where my investigations become a bit... dangerous. My work could gain unwanted attention. Mycroft wants to put an agent on me for...safety."
“I dunno. I didn’t know either. You really haven’t heard of it? The Hogwarts Houses, Voldemort, none of that?”
“You think so?” John frowned, taking the journal from him. “I mean, it has logic to it. Now that you mention it, I had this weird feeling when it flew by.”
John fell on his knees, breath heavy. This was too much adrenaline to deal with at one in the morning. He frantically turned to Sherlock when he remembered he wasn't alone in the section, the Ravenclaw holding his injured hand.
“You could come next year too, you know,” John said casually, but he cleared his throat as if to grant himself more courage. “
Sherlock gave John a wobbly smile, wholly unexpectant of his short but poignant speech. He shuffled closer to cling to him, and they held each other there, fully aware that no words needed to be said.
And then, a mechanical sound of trap doors sliding open and a platform rising up showed a young, slim woman in a pose, a wide smile on her face, one hand in a white glove on her hip. She was wearing a pink dress that fit her curves, but not too revealing, salmon pink heels to complement the dress and a pristine pearl necklace around her neck.
Cas shifted again, though his hand was steady in Irene’s iron grip. “I guess you’re right,” he sighed. “I’m sorry. I don’t want to be a burden.”
“Perfect,” Greg remarked sarcastically. “Let’s hope they have something valuable. But I guess that even if we don’t dig up anything on what caused this curse of sorts it’s already been made up for, in a way.”
“Yes, Irene?” he said as he handed the ice cream guy cash for the goods. He shook his head, telling him to keep the change.
Although, standing in front of the life-sized painting, John felt quite naked and exposed under the woman’s scrutiny. She hasn’t said anything yet in their whole two minutes invading the secret room. Sherlock stopped abruptly, pure wonder changing his excited features to something more child-like and innocent. His cheeks were a bit rosy from the colder air in the dungeons. When he looked from Rowena Ravenclaw to John, his lips were curled upwards in a bright, albeit small smile. John felt his own lips reciprocate it, and they stood shoulder to shoulder in front of the live painting of one of the Hogwarts founders.
“If you call a group of obnoxious skeletons that want to chop your head off a good time, then yes,” Sam replied dryly, but he also grinned at his brother, shaking his head. “Everything alright, Sherlock?”
Harry rushed outside, and to his relief, Kreacher was finally home - and Mundungus Fletcher with him.
in Reichenbach Falls. Your stubbornness to solve the seemingly impossible. It’s impressive. I think that fits in with you.”
“You’re no fun, John,” Sherlock pouted fakely, snickering when John smacked him with the notebook. “It could be fun!”
“Wouldn’t you like to know,” Sherlock mumbled, definitely not rosy-cheeked. John won’t tease him about it. Much.
“Anyway,” she continued, steering from the uncomfortable revelation, “I have stumbled upon a double page in the journal that’s empty. It’s suspicious. The whole journal is
Sherlock nodded mutely and followed John outside. John grabbed his yellow hoodie from where it hung on the rack by the front door; something told him it could come in handy. He led the way to the front yard and on the road that connected to Main Street. It was a narrow walk, spaced out lamps illuminating the deserted path. Music pounded inside as the remnants of the party celebrated, but John and Sherlock ignored it and moved on.
But before he could fully descend into panic mode, Sherlock tapped on his cauldron with his wand and it disappeared and he poured half of his solution into John's cauldron. Both of them were praised by the Professor, though he was surprised there was so little of it.
. You basically broke the doors down once you thought I’m in danger. Caretaker instinct. You probably took care of sick family members since you were a child, which continues till today. The question is - is it because you feel like you
didn’t ask. Just to clarify. And don’t try to fight me, you’ll lose. Now please, fuck off before I do something that will land you in the ER.”
“Yes, I hate to repeat myself. Look!” John looked, crouching next to Sherlock. And indeed -- a small, fuzzy, stocky-bodied insect that Sherlock identified as a bumblebee crawled on his hand.
“Your accent,” the girl said, looking at him, her lips upturned and face bright. “You’re the student from Ilvermorny, right? I like your English.”
“Right here,” he reached under the seat and extracted Sherlock’s backpack from there. Thankfully, the items were drier than the Sahara desert. “Don’t worry, I made sure it was safe.”
, eyes diligently focused on the road, though his posture was relaxed. He rolled their windows down so that fresh breeze cooled the warm interior of the vehicle along with them, his left elbow sticking out as his fingers tapped into the rhythm of the music. He obviously knew much more about John’s background than Sherlock, but should he pry right now? He wanted to. Goddamn social cues and societal expectation bestowed upon relationships!
"Anytime, Harry, anytime," she said, hand under her chin. "I hope we’ll meet later too. God knows these two are rubbish at keeping me up with their cases."
“Honestly, Sherlock,” he scowled at him, Sherlock frowning in confusion. Did he overstep a boundary? “I thought we were mature individuals, not twelve years olds. We should clean up.”
mind. If anything, the jokes lighten up the mood. This isn’t the most comfortable room I’ve ever been in, so it’s nice. I’ve no idea who Hussie is, but that doesn’t bother me, either.”
When Sherlock only shrugged as an answer, John heaved a sigh, fetched his jacket and off they went to explore the grounds of Hogwarts.
“Irene, I appreciate your positivity, but we’d need solid proof of John explicitly stating he likes me well enough to go on a date first,” Sherlock said miserably, burying a hand in his hair. Irene smelled his scented conditioner -- lavender. “I… I did think about what you said. And I… probably, likely, have a -- what’s the awful word? -- a
They had hung up after that, John running off to the gym to get some exercise done. He had had thought of Greg’s suggestion since then while he was still in Toronto, but he never managed to seek either of the siblings out. It had always sort of… slipped his mind. The moment he had decided to look them up on social media or go to the library, something else had popped up or he got distracted, essentially forgetting all about them.
“I’ve heard of this,” Seb said, snapping the file closed and smacking it on the desk. “I suppose that’s why you want to buy it out, obviously.”
“Yes, Tim said he may have something of importance for us,” Sherlock said, nodding. He turned his head left to right, observing the park. The sun was rising steadily, it must have been close to twelve. So much for their morning errands.
“We understand your point of view,” the pixies nodded in unison two minutes later after they locked their heads together to talk out of earshot. Irene felt better that they took it so tamely. She anticipated a temper tantrum or disintegration by magic. “It’s sad, but alright. We’ll never forget you. Those were the best two and a half days of our lives.”
The reflection arched an eyebrow mirthfully. “You’re not even official boyfriends yet and you’re already thinking that far, eh?”
Irene jumped in to elaborate more on Donna’s insistent nod. The Doctor listened, albeit with raised eyebrows. “Mike and his childhood best friend Molly went to the funfair today and he planned to ask her out. They went to play one of those games where you have to hit bottles stacked up in a triangle to win a prize, but Mike’s ball bounced back and hit Molly in the eye and this old friend of hers, Andrew West, came by and swooped her from Mike to ‘chat’. And he asked her out. She used to tutor him and they are some level of friends, but nothing that compares to her memories with Mike. I think it’s unfair to let Mike be robbed of his opportunity to be happy. I’m a matchmaker, by the way, hello!”
“Alright, well,” she said eventually. John studied her carefully. “Sure you don’t want to try it out, though?”
The crowd cheered. John frowned and exchanged a glance with similarly confused Irene. Mrs Hudson seemed to enjoy the tune and didn’t mind her getting up. But how they did it in unison and seemingly unintentionally eluded John.
“There’s sliced cheddar,” Sherlock informed him flatly, reaching for a package of days-old ham. “Not enough for the grilled cheese that you surely have in mind, though. Oh! Look at this!”
John blinked in surprise. He looked around them and the empty outside of the local home-depot. Mrs Hudson has asked him a question and he’s been preoccupied thinking about his boyfriend. “It’s a nice flower pot; has a pretty shade of orange.”
Sherlock’s gaze darkened for a second at the mention of the name Black, but he nodded to prompt Fletcher to continue.
“Ah, the university had sales going on between departments and people went crazy,” John explained. The memory of that day was somewhat frizzy like static, unclear in its details, but John remembered that he felt amused by the whole ordeal, if a little paranoid that girls studying archeology and economists were going to lynch him for taking up space outside of the circus called ‘sales’. “I was there with…. Uh, two other people, I think. Lost them for a while but they also went to buy some unique mugs. I got a sombrero out of it, though we had to run in the end. Uni students are animals.”
Why would he? Merfolk didn’t really wear clothes. When underwater, Sherlock had scales and his body looked slightly different than that of a land dweller. He didn’t understand their need for covering themselves up, but it was an interesting experience.
“I think I’ve seen this in the journal somewhere,” Sherlock said thoughtfully, shrugging off his backpack and taking out the book. Crouching, he listed through until he found the relevant information. “Yep. It was legal to marry beavers in Reichenbach Falls since it was founded until 1936.”
“Obviously it’s related to the case, and more concretely to Greyback,” Sherlock said, putting the food up. He was silent for a moment that they ate. “We’ll get him, John. For all the wicked things he’d done, I promise. And we’ll take down the others, too. We’ll help Harry put an end to this.”
He sighed once more, this time with exaggerated exhalation from deep within his lungs. John stirred, but still didn’t do as much as roll his shoulders, three-quarters of his body turned to the book he was reading. Sherlock turned on his chair on his right side and pierced John’s figure speculatively.
He soon found himself to be standing in a much smaller room filled to the brim with moving paintings of witches and wizards, all of them muttering and watching his every step upon his arrival. Opposite the entrance a fire was roaring in the fireplace.
Mrs Hudson’s warm voice lulled him from his thoughtful trance, reminding him of the upcoming, dreadful dinner. Actually, the food will be delicious, that was a given. But ugh… the social interaction? Ew. What was Mummy thinking? And why did he agree? If he knew that going to Oregon for two months consisted of a shabby Shack, disastrous feelings, and junkie deer getting high on petrol fumes, he’d reconsider. On the other hand, if he refused, he’d never have stumbled upon the mystery journal. And John Watson.
“Of course, of course,” Mrs Hudson agreed, stuffing the handkerchief up her sleeve. Huh, that was easy. She extricated herself from Irene’s comforting embrace and motioned for Sherlock to follow her.
Greg’s stomach grumbled; it was time for breakfast. A part of him wished that Mrs Hudson had made something, but the other scolded him for silently expecting his employee and friend to do more than she had initially wagered for (however willingly). The smell encasing the inside of the house told him he was lucky. Bacon and eggs it is.
Snow White holding the other needle surged forward, but John was quicker. He grabbed a folding chair he bumped into, grabbed the backseat and whacked Snow White and Ariel
“That’s my patron, you could say,” he told John, who let go of his wrist now. “John, meet Rowena Ravenclaw.”
“I could get my brush and do it for you,” Irene offered. “We can dry off and sit on a blanket we bought and --”
Sherlock smoked the first cigarette in under thirty seconds, so he took out a second one and repeated the action. That calmed his nerves. But the nicotine kicked his mind into overdrive.
He must be referring to his back. Ah, that’s a story… Sherlock had been thrown around rather a lot, unfortunately, namely due to his unwilling capture, but he couldn’t give this man explicit details if he didn’t understand signs! The man must have interpreted his silence as reluctance to talk about it, for his hand came to rest on Sherlock’s forehead one more time before he stood up.
John waltzed into the toy shop, Sherlock and Cas in tow. He nodded at the cashier and his legs led him to the displays in the far back of the shop. The walls were lined with Barbie dolls, and also rip-offs such as Marvelous toys, Space Wars plastic weapons, Pyerf guns, VEGO puzzles, and numerous other leisurely things such as board games.
Greg dozed for another hour on the couch, embracing the darkness growing blacker around him. The nap energised him to an extent, and his back wasn’t hurting as much as it did in the morning. God bless reconvalescence and John’s insistence on taking a breather. Although he could do with some coffee. Withdrawal was inconvenient, and the headache associated with it was a pain in the ass. Well, not ass, but… whatever.
“Don’t underestimate the power of love, Greg. And neither of tarot readings, I watched a video and it agrees with me.”
“Shut up or Jesus take the wheel,” Greg reprimanded him, momentarily letting go of the steering wheel to emphasize the threat, his words lacking the venom that would otherwise be expected. He shook his head, his lips quivering as he fought a smile. John patted him on the shoulder. “Lil’ bastard, you know how to make me feel good about myself. Just wait until
a sweetheart. All this grime on her? Definitely worth it. “That was smart. Greg would like your thinking. He’s the owner of the place.”
Sherlock bit his lower lip again, his eyes adjusting to the darkness that covered them anew. He and John walked backwards until they hit another wall…. or didn’t. What should have been a dead end turned out to be a veil of its own, if misplaced, and completely different at the same time.
The kitchen was empty, so John carefully made his way to the storage room. He overheard Gabe muttering to himself; he must be ordering ingredients. John’s legs led him to the back of the building, making sure that he didn’t bump into any racks that were ready to be brought upfront for the upcoming lunch break.
Quiet. Harry and his friends were at loss for words for a few seconds, the way Sherlock casually talked about the matter was both unnerving and a little welcome. A lot of people were frightened, and rightfully so, but the detective merely shrugged at the facts.
“Because it seems to me he likes you,” Greg had said calmly, as John’s head had whipped around to squint at his grunkle. “What?”
Eventually, Sherlock grew tired of tracking Irene and Normandy, and his phone battery almost ran out. He recorded the goth girl over his shoulder trying to be sneaky, and succeeding fairly well. Or so he thought.
Sherlock glanced at John who turned his palms upwards in a surrender, unable to speak. The shock was still strong, huh. “Right. So.” Sherlock grabbed his mystery journal, stepped on and over the coffee table and motioned for Cas and Dean to sit. They did and soon the two of them were squashed between two kids and a teen. John passed Irene to Cas, who passed her in Dean’s lap. Together they watched Sherlock list in the journal as though he were about to announce their paternity tests.
There was a loud thud of the door lost among the many chattering voices of pub-goers, alcoholics, bikers, and locals. Uninteresting on the whole, except for the bunch of the unnatural folks that had waltzed in hours prior. At first glance they were no different from humans. They were dressed according to the century, they looked like bikers with their leather boots and jackets, and they looked cool. Respect was dripping from them and nobody dared to start a fight with them.
“Hey, this is the fake deed she tried to get Greg to sign!” Kate said, pointing at a sheet of paper larger than them. It was propped on the leg of a chair so that the girls could see the print. Lawyer stuff was too boring to hold their attention, so they skipped to Greg’s scribble at the bottom of the page -- and died laughing. What Greg had so eloquently smirked at when Mary confronted him was a short message instead of his name:
“Ever the flatterer, Greg,” Donovan said, patting her uniform for keys. Success! She walked over to the construction and unlocked the pads, freeing Lestrade.
. She no longer belonged to that category! She moved up in the chain, slowly, but steadily. Soon, she’ll catch up with Moran, the prick. Then he’ll see how she can kick his ass.
He left the room, putting the knife behind his belt as he went to wash his hands. Dirty business, all hellish things considered. Thankfully his own ‘damnation’ was upgraded and levelled not to be an inconvenience. He could take on Lilith or Lucifer on his own and get out with mere scratches, he was sure of it. Amateurs, that’s what the Divine Cunts were.
have a dog in them. An ugly, giant dog that looked rabid. That caught Greg’s attention, and after some digging he found out its name. One quick search of
“Oh, to hell with it,” Irene said, overstepping John, taking a stand on the statue’s pedestal, one leg mid-air to regain balance as she reached for the rose, lightly plucking it out of Jim’s grasp. “There we go. Ouch! I pricked myself! Oh no -- I’m falling!”
thanks for reading & special thanks to bee, dee, and Cini Minis because they're always good for breakfast
“How can you be so… hopeful?” Cas asked eventually as Ariel sang her heart out. Irene gave him a side glance.
“Depends,” Greg replied, a fond smirk passing his face. “If you don’t count the amount of times he’s begged Mrs Hudson or John, or me, to let mould grow on the windowsill so that he can analyse it later, then no. No crimes against humanity.”
“Oh, this one’s cute,” she said approvingly. “I hate the collection upstairs, there’s something unsettling about the dolls there. But this one is made by Mrs Hudson, that’s enough for me. She reminds me of this Homestuck character, Rose. She also knitted a lot. And she was a badass like Mrs Hudson, too.”
“You know I’d adopt him in a heartbeat if that were possible,” Greg mumbled, massaging his temple using the knuckle of his finger. Mrs Hudson nodded. There was too much to unpack in this department. Another time, not on a vacation.
“What are you doing?” Sherlock’s voice sounded unbothered, if wary of the three staring at a wall in a faraway corner. He deposited a jug of purple lemonade and a tray full of mouth-watering sandwiches on the cashier’s desk, taking one and biting into it.
Mycroft and Sherlock often used to play pirates when the former visited the Adler-Holmes family at their estate in England during summers. Mycroft was elected as the Captain, while Sherlock referred to himself as his best First Mate. Irene chose the role of the Queen of England and sent them on adventures to hunt treasures and wicked creatures of the night. This roughly translated into sweets and chocolates that Mycroft had bought with him from Canada or America (treasure hunts); he used to travel a lot. Sherlock had given Mycroft the pirate name of Redbeard, because one summer he came home sporting a stubble, and him being ginger made their pirate cosplays double endearing.
“That’s what I’m here for, boys,” Irene said. “Let’s start with OTP -- One True Pair, or also known as One True Pain. Because it hurts. They are usually two people who fell for each other and are in love, or
Currently, Cas, Sam, and Dean roamed the living quarters while John and Irene, ever the demolition duo of chaos, led a group of tourists through the museum. Kate was on paid leave the whole week, so they also had to switch in the gift shop. Sherlock slithered out of the deal by persuading John to surprise him with a recipe that Sherlock discovered in the journal that morning. It was child’s play, and he’d slapped himself when he stumbled upon the short text, overlooked and almost abandoned. He was fumbling in the kitchen for about an hour before Sam joined him.
“Thanks. But... Ugh, hold on,” John said, slowing down and parking on the side of the road lined by dark green pine trees. Mrs Hudson and Sherlock had taken a different route to drop off her own shopping at her house first. John turned the engine off, resting his hands on the bottom of the steering wheel. He turned his body to face Irene. “This will probably sound absolutely bonkers, but now that you mention the day we collided -- everything sort of stilled and felt as though it all clicked into place? Sort of like deja vu; my head spun, just… ugh.”
He went on to explain Cas’ amnesia and inability to remember events that caused him to appear in Reichenbach Falls. Sam and Dean provided a couple details to fill in the picture for her. She was understanding and sympathetic.
Once inside, his brother crouched in front of him, gaze stern but concerned. “How many times have you sneaked out already with John?”
“So far it seems like Slytherin or Ravenclaw fit me quite well,” Blake whispered, aware that Dumbledore was still surveying him.
she spoke into his sweaty palm, but it came out as muffles. Sherlock let go of her, grimacing at the saliva lining his skin. He wiped it on the back of her towel.
“I thought you’d never ask,” the mirror said dreamily. “Okay, you need to hype up, man. Do you know what I noticed? That John really likes you.”
“Asshole,” John swatted him using Archie, which quickly turned into a mini wrestling match that ended with John on top of Sherlock, pinning the latter’s wrists above his head. “You forgot that I’m strong.”
“I assume those are not healing plasters,” Sherlock said, tilting his head to look at John unscrewing the gel tube. John hummed, not really having an idea of what healing plasters were exactly (possibly something more advanced than muggle medicine, speeding up the healing process). He carefully rotated Sherlock’s hand, applying a drop of the gel on top of the burnt area. Sherlock hissed, but didn’t stir as John delicately spread it across the burn, not touching his damaged skin. He knew his Mum would probably bandage it, but he hadn’t that much experience with patching people up, so plasters it is. And also, the impact wasn’t all that big. It was just a second or so, it won’t be too bad.
His reflection barked out a laugh, so not him, shifting its imaginary weight to his left (right?) leg. “I don’t exactly flail my secrets around. I only reveal myself to those in need.”
“Florida, Disneyland,” Sam said, sighing. He toyed with the radio buttons until Dean slapped his fingers, fixing him a glare. Sam stuck his tongue out at him in retaliation, but Dean flipped him off.
“You’re one of a kind, John Watson,” Sherlock said, the blush creeping up his neck to stain his cheeks again. “Do you… I mean, really? No one ever put effort into getting to know me. Everyone else either brushed me off after talking to me, or ignored me based on my reputation which, in chemistry laboratories, always precedes me.”
“What do you mean?” Irene frowned. There wasn’t anything bad between John and Sherlock as far as she was aware.
Sherlock gave him a nod and tumbled to the left, tiredly leaning onto John. He snuggled up on his arm and exhaled through his nose, legs splaying out and wide. The sight of those long lean legs reminded John that he’d bought him clothes in a bigger size, but that could wait. But one thing was certain: even though with enough patience and magic Sherlock indeed
“Yep. Don’t ask me, I’m not tailing them everywhere. But the Club minions bothered me again, and I saw them perched on the woman’s shoulder. Well, a green scarf, but who the fuck cares.”
"I'd like to Wingardium Leviosa the homework away," Greg grunted and then yelled out. He fell down the last two steps that seemingly vanished when stepped on.
” -- she made a gesture towards Irene to prove her point -- “and what’s up with your clothes? I don’t recognise the designer.”
Cas looked at her funny, but since he was out of place himself, he had no higher ground to stand on to judge her. And she had to lie; she can’t betray Jake. “Can I… come to the attic?” Cas asked, fidgeting where he stood.
Cedric Diggory, a Hufflepuff classmate with whom he shared classes with (Potions, Charms, and Transfiguration) was quite the talkative type. He was the one who chatted him up, asking if he needed help with getting to classes (an offer Blake took immediately, Hogwarts was
“Stupid fucking celebrations, stupid fucking O’Learys, stupid fucking old money controlling the Falls,” Greg continued cursing, which roused Sherlock from his nap. Irene’s brother snapped his head to attention as Greg’s voice raised an octave, blinking wearily. She saw the besotted look John gave him when he wiped the drool off his chin -- yep, this was
, he told himself. He realised he hasn’t said a word. “I… that is….” He sighed, running his large palms over his thighs.
He yanked his phone out of his pocket in frustration. His limbs started getting the fuzzy antsy feeling when he got impatient. Only three minutes had passed. He gripped the phone case and blinked fervently to remain calm.
“No,” she cut him off, sadly. “No, but you should’ve seen the looks they kept throwing at each other. Greg, I think they’re falling in love.”
Irene nodded slowly, processing this new information. An angel. In the closet. Really now. She backhandedly swatted Sherlock on the chest. “Does he have a concussion or…?”
Just as the growl was nearing him, Sherlock pulled him up into safety. A pair of glowing eyes drilled into his skin like nails.
The torch shone a beam at the two, immediately taking effect to make them smaller and smaller and smaller. The girls shrieked in panic when the torch started rolling off the roof, and they hurried towards it, becoming even tinier as their legs were unable to carry them fast enough. At last, the torch turned off as it hiccuped on a bump, and then it fell over the edge and down into a bush by the stairs leading to the porch.
fit a little more? Perhaps it’s too long for a label of… whatever this is. He filed it in his Palace for later inspection.
It came from Professor Slughorn's cupboard next to the Potions classroom. Someone was inside, but by the sound of it, they weren't particularly gentle with the items in there.
“I apologise for being rude,” he said, “but I can’t stand it at the moment. It does smell mouth-watering, though.”
“Right, that’s enough, Wilkes,” John cut in, dropping the bag with Greg’s things on the cold, polished tiled floor. He took an assertory step forward, poking Wilkes in the chest with his forefinger as he spoke. “Call him a freak or childish one more time and we’ll see who will beat up whom. I’m serious. You think you attending a boxing club makes you intimidating? Think twice and fuck off while you’re at it.”
blasted off. “What’s up with the radio nowadays? Ten years ago it was the same amount of shit, but a bit better. I miss the old days.”
After closing the suitcase for good that day, he rambled through his desk for anything essential he may put in a duffle bag that he’ll keep on him during the train ride. He thought about taking a fantasy book he’d borrowed from his mom, but he didn’t want to send it home by owl, it was too precious for a delivery like that. No, that stayed home. He’ll read it over Christmas. He opened a small shelf atop his desk and immediately a bunch of rolled up parchments fell out.
“You’re ridiculous,” Sherlock chastised weakly. He dropped his hand from where he pressed it to John’s brow and made a show of rolling his eyes to another dimension. “I blame the weather. You need a cold shower, Watson. Otherwise you’re risking a heat stroke.”
“Agreed,” Mrs Hudson quipped, sipping her apple juice. The precipitation rolled down in beads off the clear glass.
Sitting then and there, John nodded internally. Sherlock was still nearby; he didn’t shift or move away, though he did fix his gaze forward at the two women’s backs. He was worrying his lips absentmindedly, looking strangely vulnerable in the red and orange light.
They sat in silence, enjoying their martini. Eventually, Sally let out a sigh and put her glass on the concrete floor. Dimmock jumped in the pool, sending hundreds of tiny water droplets at those around it.
Boarding the bus, Sherlock padded to the very end of the vehicle, plugging his earphones in and he tapped on the Hamilton soundtrack he had purchased over a year ago. As Aaron Burr sang about why he has got to be in
Seb stood up and casually walked over to the ‘guests’. One by one, they turned to glare at him, the intruder. He relished the confusion in their eyes when they tried to place him based on his blood scent. That was unnerving to them, throwing them off. He suppressed a smirk and winked at their leader.
“Sorry.” She looked up at the dude-statue, concretely his outstretched arm. A drop of water fell on her nose, tickling her skin. She scrunched up her nose, wiggling it from side to side to avoid sneezing. “Do you think I could take the rose? It’s gorgeous.”
“That sounds like a good idea,” Sherlock nodded, checking himself out one last time before bracing himself for the rest of the night. “If anything, I’ll come back. Or, just wave like a madman and I’ll make an excuse if you have anything to point out to me.”
“So, why did you drag me outside and not to the kitchens?” Blake asked, staring at the silver surface of the water. His gaze fell down onto the tiny rocks underneath his feet; he bent and started picking out the flattest pieces.
Kate hissed. “That’s hella creepy. Didn’t you say that she tried to pressure him into going to some gala?”
“Yep. Okay. On the count of three.” Irene backed up a few paces and took the stand of a runner about to start a marathon. She put her left foot forward, her right behind and back hunched. “One. Two. Three!”
