“Carver? Carver Edlund?” A shadow crosses Kaia’s face, transforming it. Pure hatred, stronger than any other emotion he’s seen her show, presents itself. “He’s the big man who was
“Jack wouldn’t do that,” she scowls, “We’d fight, but he knew that I would rather he be here with me than anywhere else. At least here he has food and shelter guaranteed…”
Cas glares at his creator, shouldering the burden of his disappointment, straining under its massive weight. He does not fall, however. “And all the other times?” he asks. He’s not sure if he wants to hear his answer. Worse, that indecision is a damned
It’s a magnificent sight that rivals many of the wonders Castiel was lucky enough to see in his life. From collections of pearls arranged in fancy patterns to giant coral trees teeming with fish, none could compare to Dean’s beauty. His face caused the confusion warring inside Castiel to spill to the surface.
“Aren’t important,” small man says, “If you don’t mind, sir, we can wrap this up in less than an hour. If you would please retake your seat and –“
“I want my money.”
“But after the explosion, then something
Bigger things. Lying, letting Sam play over at other kids’ houses; Dean frozen, watching the door in fear their dad came home early. Hiding letters from admissions for Sam, secreted from beneath their dad’s nose. He was an ever-present figure during those last few years. A shadowy patrol that continually followed since they were old enough. Dad had more use for
,” he shouts, standing. “And I might have a good chance of doing that if I knew what made him want to pack it up in the first place. So if you care about your son, and him coming home… tell me whatever it is you’re too afraid to.”
“Look,” Dean said instead, his finger extending once more to point at the younger boy. It was a less accusatory gesture, softened by the gentle tone Dean adopted. “I know
Dean shakes his head, situating himself better on the bed. He sits at the foot of it, toeing off his snakeskin boots and then peeling off the dark grey dress socks he wore with them. While pulling at his tie, Cas returns with their bags. He doesn’t close the door after, and a blustery chill fills the space. Goosepimples erupt in scattered bunches up and down Dean’s arms. “Close the door!” he yells, dumping the tie onto the slowly growing pile of discarded clothing. His suit jacket joins his tie and socks and boots as Cas deposits their bags by the television. He then hits the door with his elbow, shutting out the wind. Cas gestures at the closed door with a flourish and wry grin. Dean scoffs, “Ugh, who’s bright idea was it to do this in
“This is it,” Dean says, offering a grand flourish, “My home. It’s no
Chuckling, Jack reviews what he has written so far.
“I would hope so, could have easily done that without all the hassle of taking my fingerprints and snapping a few bad pictures of me…”
our time together. And when one of us goes, the other will always have the memories of what we’ve
“It’s fine.”
think alike…”
“I’m a freelancer,” he explains after catching Dean’s wide eyes, “Dean and I’ve crossed paths on the beat.”
“But you can ask the right people.” Cas pinches his joint, resting that hand holding it on Dean’s shoulder so the embers waft towards Dean still. “Your friends from the East? I’m sure they must have some secrets buried in their garden? Perhaps if you check the
“You think this is
“I mean we all came from the same father…” Cas sighs, “But, no. Jimmy’s my other half, in a way. We’ve got the same face, but we couldn’t be
Another door, simpler than the first. Cas moved closer inspecting it. Ran a hand over the sole wooden board that fit perfectly within the frame; only two nails barely secured at the ends. He then tried this knob, finding it locked like the other. Cas ran his thumb over the keyhole and felt scratches on it. “Jackpot.”
Dean brings Lucifer’s knuckles to his lips, pressing a light kiss along a patch of skin. The gesture disgusts him. “And you were right about how – I thought of myself so… so
He isn’t sure what to expect from hanging out at their commune or drinking their Kool-Aid. But, for the first time since they’ve closed the book on Chuck’s story… he’s
Dean nodded, “Figured a badge and gun might make her antsy, raise unwanted suspicion. Going in as a new patient’ll help me fly under her radar.” He paused, clearly thinking about what he will say next. He swung his keys around his pointer finger, metal jingling with every spin. “Plus,” he added, “wanted to check in, see if you were ready to join me. United front and all that… going in blind’d be better with two bodies rather than one.”
“Because that’s what has been keeping me from a life of law enforcement…”
“I’m not just talkin’ bout the being naked thing,” he whispers, “When I first passed this here patch of land, I immediately thought of you, about how you’d like it. How you might look if I brought you here. How I pictured it you’d… you get this wrinkle between your brows,” Dean taps at his forehead, his eyes screwed shut, “and your head’d tilt like it usually does when you’re confused” – he mimics Cas by skewing his head to the side – “and you’d ask me why we’re here. And I’d go on about how it might not be the beach, but it’s a little slice of heaven where we can exist
“Later?”
implode if either Dean or Castiel knew what he wrote about. Michael's archangel grace would suck his body into its core and then wipe away any traces of the Bunker from existence. Already he can feel it clawing at his lungs.
He mentally tacks a pin onto that piece of information, jumping from that onto something else she said. “Carver? Who’s that?”
Mia jumped, hitting the wall at her back and rocking the few picture frames hanging there. Her chest expanded with frantic breath, mind immediately conjuring an image of Buddy, angry, leaning his whole weight on the buzzer. Soon, she calmed, reminded how that was impossible, now and forever.
Cas passes him, waiting until he’s standing beside him on the other side. “I have some manners.”
Cas pries the door loose, almost ripping it off its hinges as pull Dean forward into a searing kiss. Dean smiles into it, letting Cas take lead. Dean’s gift were the panties. Cas’s gift is putting in the work to get them
like it should… because you didn’t step up when mom was taken from us. You didn’t try to be the adult and forced that job onto a kid who wasn’t ready. You
The earlier joy from Dean has faded entirely, and now they find themselves in an unfamiliar darkness. Castiel curses himself for coming out of his shell too much, latching onto Dean even though he knew what their fates were at the end of this journey.
Cas wakes with a heavy pressure on his bladder, from both its contents and the leg thrown across his abdomen. He slowly blinks into awareness, yawning. Extracts himself from the tentacled arms of his latest partner, name lost in the fog of early morning. Or late afternoon, as his clock shows. Shuffling towards the adjoining bathroom, Cas immediately relieves himself once the toilet is in sight. Cas finishes by shaking the last few droplets free and then enters the bedroom once more. Searches through abandoned clothing and cluttered drawers for some grass, coming up empty after a long search.
“Because it is!” Dean argued. He grabbed Jack’s phone, waving it at the others. “Jack told me that they’ve gone full Russia – banning mlms and… and it was brainwashing him, making him hate gay people!”
It’s when he reels the punch back that Nick breaks. Winces, turns his face, shouting, “Okay! Okay, yes I remember her.”
Aware of the impasse, Cas resigns to the role of bigger person. He exaggerates zipping up his pants, using the time for a quick inspection on the detective. An oversized suit with a hastily done tie, gun and badge hidden under the folds of his jacket. Hair gelled, with little globs of it and sweat beading across his freckled forehead from the hot, California sun. In the years they’ve crossed paths Dean never learned how to dress to fit in. Whether with the greater population of Mer La Vista or within his own force.
Unfortunately for the greedy would-be tycoon, a horrible storm washed through that scuttled half his properties. Sold the remaining buildings at a loss while running with his tail between his legs. The new owners bided their time with the bungalows, for whatever reason, long enough they became infested with the nastiest kind of pests –
“…You got any grass?”
“Dean…” he says, squeezing his shoulder, “I love you. I… I won’t ever leave you.”
and we can be
He’ll also give Cas his
She rakes her gaze over his form, and he preens under the attention. “Well I am known for my…
“I’ll say,” Dean snorts, “it was weird seeing
students. Since you’re neither, all I can tell you is where the nearest exits are, okay?”
Playing with the hairs at Cas’s nape, Dean breathes a confession against his neck. “I have another present for you.”
“That helped… somewhat.” He tugs on the ends of his hair, mouth thinning. “But the reason I’m here is because I need more.”
speaking unless you’re pressed up against my clit.”
“Why? Aren’t we going home?”
“Yeah, but –“ He knocked Sam’s arm loose, passing his brother on the way towards the door. Sam followed, buzzing behind like a mosquito. “You don’t seriously wanna go, do you?”
are the architect of your own misery.” Cas freezes, body rebelling. Flames of hatred snuffed with a cold breeze. “Not like anything I could’ve written would have sticked anyway, we both know this. But your deal… I didn’t make you do that. You have no one to blame for your doom but yourself.” He releases Cas, wiping his hands on his pants. Sneering at Cas like he was garbage, but smaller. Gum Chuck wiped off his shirt, but worse. A bug under a magnifying glass while the sun shone brightly above, except more pitiful. “It’ll be nice to sit back and enjoy for once… so put on a good show, Cas. Really
“We can’t get out here?”
Cas wonders why he spent more time talking about the defense than other aspects of the case. Every day, when more was revealed, the entire trial became crazier and crazier. At points Cas figured Serg tampered with his gas for free. But Cas recalls how Dean came upon this topic, and it clicks. “Wait,” he stutters on a gasp, “Your brother…
It takes longer for him to respond. “I’ll need a few minutes.”
Cas rolls his shoulders, stepping right into Dean’s personal space. The other man’s gaze dips briefly with an intense shudder. “If you’re done with your routine,
“Therapy’s for people who have time to whine about their problems.”
“No!” Cas shouted, wincing. He lodged the receiver in the crook of his neck, fishing for the file papers he stuffed into his pockets. “If Dick isn’t there – I, uh…” Cas finds the report he needed, scanning it. “Can I speak with Eve, then? Mrs. Roman?”
“I promised I’d bring you with me,” he says, wheel spinning as he languidly makes a left-hand turn. “But like I’ve mentioned, what I'm working on is very dangerous. One
Dean looks at him. “Where do merpeople believe they go when they die?”
“Yes! No smelly communists will keep the Zymckas from running our business,” Cas slams a fist on his briefcase, “If Malenkov tries interfering with my bottom line, I will spit on his face!” He struggles maintaining a calm façade, coughing to cover up an escaping chuckle. “Apologies, talk of communism gets me all eh, how you say… fired up.”
.” He dialed his puppy dog features to their highest setting, blasting her with his best Labradoodle. “When we left town, our previous therapist said falling back into a routine was the most important thing once we settled. It was hard enough getting him to go the first time, and with the baby I didn’t want him to become an excuse to not go back because we… we were doing really good, before.” Every lie did better when sprinkled with the truth, covering up the bitter taste. From what he saw, Mia ate every word and didn’t gag or wince.
He’s back in the bar. He must be. How else could he hear this overwhelming, earsplitting ringing. The kind that makes him stagger, slump against the closest surface and collapse there into a tiny ball, protected from the voice that somehow talks louder than that goddamn ringing. The monster’s voice. The one that sounds strangely similar to his dad’s. Angrily shouting, calling him names. “I’m not,” he said, as always, “I’m
That seemed to work. Dean’s gentle rocking, paired with a hummed lullaby cherrypicked from his past, put the hellion in his arms at ease. Jack stared up, transfixed by what Dean guessed is the tall lamp casting a gentle glow on them both; a lamp Sam, now in the room and by his side, flicked on after Dean sat down. It must be the center of his focus, because Dean wouldn’t believe the baby looked at him like he did; like he’s a bright and beautiful thing, deserving of attention, of being the center of his known universe. He didn’t want that, especially from
“I’m used to people like him,” she said, accepting the gesture and pumping his hand twice. Mia moved onto Dean. She’s the bigger person, holding her hand out for a handshake. “If you weren’t too put off by my methods, maybe we can work on what’s bothering you in another session?”
“Kick?” Castiel asks, “Why would you  - what’s – nevermind… “ He wraps his arms around Dean’s torso, pressing back to chest. “Follow what I’m doing… come on.” Castiel pronounces his movements, teaching Dean to quickly tread the water with his tail. When the adrenaline passes. Castiel feels the other sag against him like dead weight. But he doesn’t hold him up for long, as his tail hits against Castiel’s slowly.
He expected heat. It’s cold. Not actually, but cooler than the room they left, where bodies and light and energy broke the thermometer. Fresh air brushes his skin, startling Dean from his stupor. Dean jolts awake. His heart plummets down past his ass, chest hollowing. He glances at Sam, about to ask if they ever entered the bar. Or if he hallucinated everything on the walk to it. Dean’s lips purse, then flatten. Sam already walked ahead. He jogs after him.
Dean embraces the confusion because he, Dean, wants to. He kisses Castiel, driving them forward until they hit a wall, because he wants to. Tells him, “I want you,” because he does. Because it’s the truth.
Jack nods.
“Okay… then is there something else you might want to talk –“
“I don’t make coffee,” he says, “don’t even like it. Can’t stand the stuff.”
“Y’know,” Dean chuckles, “After all this swimming… I’m not sure I’ll remember how to walk again.”
“Maybe if you worked over a harder mark?”
Turning it over, Cas finds a post-it note stuck on the unmarked side. He peels it off, dropping the rap sheet. “Operation Carnation,” he mumbles, reading, “Roman adapted within two months… seventy-five percent of assets… positive correlation with other test subjects…” Whatever else was written Cas cannot understand between the bad handwriting and smudging.
wasn’t the most interesting mystery they’ve got going on in their lives…” Rufus sucks on the cigarette, savoring the taste. “Which is why I wanna know how you went to a meeting.”
“Well I should do it more often. You are the best hunter, so much smarter than me, and next time we go on a hunt… you should take point.”
Hearing this doesn’t shock him, having already suspected her involvement in the Party. While berets were quite fashionable, the black power fist button pinned on it signaled a more utilitarian meaning.
It’s wet with the rancid juices known for leaking out of trash cans. Made reading damn near impossible, except a few sentences were salvageable. While objectively different from Jack’s leaflet – the one whose remains still haunted the grounds from when Dean killed it – the paper carried similar energy. In how it spoke of leaving pasts behind and a call towards action in following whoever’s name that’s now nothing more than an orange stain. Cas searched for more papers that might continue this story except the remaining trash in the alley way was exactly that.
“Just out,” he shrugs, “It’s beautiful and… I don’t know, it’d be dumb to spend it locked down in here. Sam and Cas are waiting…” Dean darts out of the room without waiting for a response, trusting Jack to follow.
“Anyway,” he continues, “I’m going in there, and you’re going to let me. Understand?”
Andy rolls, squishing the pizza with a horrid
Mia wasn’t sure who she’ll be on the other side of this transformation. She smiled, content with who she was now and reveling in the uncomfortableness of freedom.
taking that kid in like some muddy stray.”
“Sorry,” he back pedals. Cleans up his mess. “From the way you were talking, I assumed –“
“I love you Cas.”
“You know me
to me,
He nearly lets her escape, but a nagging voice in the back of his mind needs a little more. “The police – you said they called you, about my… antics. Did you get the name of the officer who was on the phone?”
“I asked for a ride, not a demonstration.”
Cas can’t decide whether knowing where Jack might be is a blessing or a curse. While weighing the choices, the girls slip free from his pad. Leaving him and the detective.
“What if I don’t want a different fella?”
“No, really,” Cas says, hand dropping from Rufus’s shoulder, “you’ve still got enough gas in the mileage. Otherwise, why would you be here? At this meeting? Not for the coffee, certainly…”
“You absolute
Nodding, the attendant jerked a thumb to the left, “He’s in the third room down with Sprinkles. Doors locked, but if you press the center of the knob it should open – trade secret.”
“I thought I’d never see this again.” Cas sits on his heels, studying the old Panavue in his hands. Marked up with nicks and bumps from years of use. He runs his thumb over the dent that saved his life, blocking a bullet that nearly tore through his heart. “How’ve you been girl?”
“That girl you saw me with?” he counters, jerking his thumb towards the door, “Stole the last of my stash. I’m swinging by Serg’s tomorrow for a resupply, I’ll pick some up for you, too?”
Baby’s grow fast. Nephilim do, too.
“I needed to do something,” he shrugs, “’if I stood around doing nothing, they might ask me to help. And I don’t want to fold chairs that’re only gonna get
good thing in my life is out there doing God knows what because I
without screwing it up!”
“Dean,” Castiel murmurs, “Then Castiel swallows past the lump in his throat as he truly sees how beautiful Dean’s green eyes are, like emeralds shining in a mine.”
Dean watches them, skin clammy and pale. Bangs plastered to his forehead, from either sweat, tap water, or a mixture of the two. He redressed in his square suit from the previous day, although more sloppily assembled. Shirt untucked, tie loose around his neck. His armor returned save for shoes and socks that were abandoned elsewhere, out of reach.
He ripped himself away, jogging from the backyard space towards the front where his true escape was. Dean white knuckled his keys, jagged teeth biting into the palm of his hand. Pain kept him from spiraling, from thinking, from staying there. And when he couldn’t use pain, key nestled in the ignition instead of his hand, Dean had the next best thing – open roads.
Another sound overpowers the monster and that throbbing din. “Dean! Dean, hey… hey-hey-hey-hey Dean… it’s okay… it’s me, Sam. Sammy.” Someone touches his shoulder. Dean flinches from it. “Come on Dean… I won’t hurt you.” Their voice hitches, sounding waterlogged. “Please, Dean… wherever you think you are, you’re not. I promise. I need you, man. Sammy needs you.”
arms. Praise whispered in his ear, about choosing a different way. A
“Well, I was coming out of the bathroom, and –“
His friend huffs, crestfallen. The expression switches instantaneously, gleeful for the assembled officers. “I hope you all consider greatly the wisdom I tried dropping on you.”
Someone claps from off to the side, causing his muscles to stiffen in a painful way. Cas glances at his right, a familiar figure strutting forward. Wind playing with the lapels of his oversized suit jacket.
He first traces lines of the cookie-cutter architecture, this building like one of many that dots the shores along Mer La Vista. Built back in the day by a hungry developer capitalizing on the vacation market. Cas admits the construction was enticing – a two-floor project that looked like someone transplanted a miniature castle from England onto the West Coast and using a wrap -around porch as a moat.
Kelly flinches at the nickname, Cas not too numb to feel immediately bad at calling her that. Before he can apologize, she releases the stranglehold on her ring finger and sucks a deep, shuttering breath down. “Looking back… yes, I could have,” she starts, concentrating on a far-off point behind him. “But when you’re that young and-and hungry… you’ll eat up any attention that comes your way. Especially to the first person who you
A vein throbbed in his forehead, forcing Sam’s eye to twitch. “He’s not a kid. He’s a baby.”
“It’s not –“
He does. “I’ll be quick,” he tells her, waddling off and onto the streets once more. Cas’s gaze darts through the crowd, searching. Frantically looking for a safe haven that won’t turn him away. Each storefront he counts eats away at his hope. Whether from the long lines in front or the way shop owners stand guard with their brooms and glares, snarling at anyone dressed similarly to him. “Where the fuck can I piss?”
“Good fortune, what I like to hear. And what we here at Roman Ventures promise to deliver when you choose us to make your investments,” Ted opens a nearby drawer and produces a file, waving it. “Which I think is a very deliverable promise, given how beautifully your last few quarters were run.”
“Hey, man,” Andy says, “I got the shit!” He brandishes twin baggies in both hands, grinning madly.
“Castiel!” his father shouts after him, “Don’t –“
A minute passed, and it’s doubtful the little guy would lose steam soon. Dean sighed. He pushed off the wall, passing Sam as he followed the noisy little bastard. Sam stayed right behind him, heavy footsteps and chiding tone mixing with the crying to shred Dean’s nerves into oblivion. “You are not doing this, Dean,” Sam hissed, tugging on his elbow, “we need to
No sirens or shouts follow, but that doesn’t ease his spirit. Cas, with steam burning behind his ears, knows going home now might not be wise. Instead he shoots directly towards a safehouse where Cas can lay low for the time being.
He shakes his head, shutting the lid on his overflowing gutter. There are more important things that need doing, which meant ‘himself’ was knocked onto the lowest rung. Cas checked the file one last time before dumping it on the other side of his bench.
on the doorbell.
“Exactly,” Sam needled, poking Dean’s chest. Dean swat him away with the refrigerator door, creating a makeshift barrier to protect himself from Sam’s crusade. He dug around for something to drink, something
“By boat.”
He broke from the spell, wiping any trace of wonder from his expression with a forced smirk. “Sorry,” he said, “was just surprised you let your hair get this long… when’s the last time
“Jack did all the legwork,” Cas told her, “Found an envelope he hid that were filled with all these pictures of you and the professor at a lake?”
He rolls his eyes at the absurdity of humanity. In his mind, Castiel marks a tally for another concept from Dean’s world he doesn’t understand. It began a while ago, when Dean made mention of something called pie.
“Shut up, Dean.” Sam snapped the safety of the gun on, then tucked it inside his waistband. He directed his next question to Mia, “Do you know why we’re here?”
“Oh save it,” Cas knocks Nick onto the bed, crawling and taking the space Sprinkles had. Squats over the professor, trapping him.  “I don’t want to hear your whining, what I want to hear are some answers.”
Cas chuckles sourly, rubbing at his eye. He plucks an unlit joint from his shirt pocket and lights it, puffing on the end like crazy. “No,” he says, “you kept your word. You’re nothing but context, baby.”
It’s a rap sheet, made obvious by the bold declaration of ‘Rap Sheet’ underlined at the top of the paper. A mugshot rested underneath this headline showing a white man with dark bloodshot eyes that were rimmed with purple bags. Cas set aside the half-eaten apple and brings the picture closer. Notices the cut hidden at the hairline, blurred by the black-and-white coloring, the unshaven jaw set in a tense line, as well as the stains splattered across his wrinkled shirt that disappeared behind the Los Angeles Police Department letter board.
“I asked where he was going,” she says, “and all he told me was that he was on his way to a party.”
“What if I –“
“I think I got it.” Dean brings the clown fish to his lips, eyes closed. He mumbles something Castiel can’t hear before chomping down on the fish. Chewing slowly, Dean pauses as his eyes spring open wide. Then with a renewed gusto, Dean crams the rest of the fish into his mouth before repeating the process with the second. His fingers disappear behind his lips as he sucks them clean. “Whoa,” he says, “that was… tastier than I thought.”
. My time here has taught me…” Those words feel awkward on his tongue, incorrect. He switches, answering honestly. “
“Janet,” Sonny hisses, smile twitching on his face. “She doesn’t mean that –“
“Never mind,” Dean says, hands in front of him, “why don’t you give me the fish.”
“But I’ll have legs,” Dean says, “And not need to breathe water. Oh – and I’ll have
Cas drops the joint. His jaw opens and shut like a screen door caught in a hurricane, seconds away from being torn at the hinges. Feels caught in it himself, thrown into the skies and left to plummet with no support. “Jack?” he asks, “It’s Jack?” Then, “You’re Kelly?”
Dean rolls his eyes. “We all were.”
As did his second, and third, and even fourth. Cas trailed behind him the entire day, never getting a chance to ask him questions. Always with someone, talking; conversation never lapsing into a moment of awkward silence. His good mood tempered into frustration near the end, when Nick began his journey home accompanied by a waif of a girl. Oozing freshman confidence, the first few steps taken unchained from parental supervision. Like a hungry wolf Nick lapped all this sweetness up. Janet’s anger smacked Cas like a low-hanging branch, and he found the picture much clearer than earlier.
He doesn't linger there. Jack’s eye catches a short story with his fathers as the main characters. Different from Carver’s novels, it isn't more than one thousand words. His interests piqued when he read the summary. Instead of dealing with monsters the boys were more concerned over motel lodgings. Captivated by the simplicity Jack digs into the story. Before he could get to the end it cuts off. Luckily, below the last paragraph, is a link to ‘
“I can hear you, I can – I can
The whole night’s been a wash anyway.
Another page, stuck halfway out the folder, called to him. Cas easily identified it as part of the report they filed for Jack. Except he ignored the new page, instead reading the tiny post-it note on the folder’s front.
Passively reading lost its flavor, and the worry crept back into Jack’s periphery. The idea of ‘fanfiction’ still fascinated him, but he needed to find another way to enjoy the outlet.
She huffed, fiddling with one of the rings on her fingers. Sam noted how it, like all the other pieces of her jewelry, was gold. “You’re looking at her,” she said, “I
I want to see?”
“Jack.”
“Not really,” Dean said, “I mean, you’re not even wearing a white coat!”
Licking his lips, Dean turns back to Sam and Jack. “What do we do now?”
And love.
“Mr. Bexler.” She will not face him, dusting. “Do you need anything?”
“We’re almost done,” Castiel says, “Promise.”
Cas hears Dean close the door behind him, even with his head buried in the fridge. “You want anything?” he asks, rummaging around for a quick snack. Between spoiled milk and a half-empty ketchup bottle, his hand wraps around something crinkly. Pulling it out, he sees it’s a half-eaten burger that’s been stored away. He tears at the paper, sniffs it, and then takes a tentative bite. Nothing makes him gag, so he continues chewing.
He puts his own troubles on the back burner, worried since Rufus teeters in front of him. “Hey,” Cas says, laying a comforting hand on his shoulder. Accepted, probably because he’s still shocked and didn’t realize Cas touches him. That won’t make Cas pull away. “Your nephew probably wasn’t at the meeting because he saw reason. Took him awhile… but he dipped and is finding his own way. I’m sure you’ll see him again.”
While Dean busies himself there, Cas’s gaze bounces around the room. Taking in certain elements, squinting because heavy curtains block any sunlight from filtering through. He gropes for another light switch, finding it behind a barren coat rack.
to be your fault so bad because it
“You aren’t?”
They revel in their amusement, Andy slamming on the gas as the light flashes yellow. Their tailgater’s honking fades into the background while they continue unimpeded. Rounding a couple of teens smoking joints by a signpost, the buildings start disappearing. Spread wider distances between each other as pavement meets sand.
It worked with Mrs. Roman, and Cas suspected the journalist angle would work with this man, too. Professors love yammering on when others are forced to listen. If they didn’t, they would have chosen a different career path. No one ever doubled their wealth by teaching. Seminars, lectures, and articles, however, helped raise the comforts of living.
from dear, ol’
“You’re awfully stubborn for a boy who’s been given everything,” he screamed, some of his precious brandy spilling out of his glass. Staining the rug. “Why can’t you be good like you brothers and sister and do as your told!”
“You’re telling me,” he says, “they had me doing the worst jobs. Like, bottom of the barrel. And constantly they’d have a cop with me at all times, watching me. In case I ran off ‘
“How about this then,” she huffed, smirking, slowly approaching him. “I drove him
Dean arches a brow at him, “You
“What the hell?”
He saves his number under
Dean sighs, doubtful Cas will keep that promise, but rummages through his drawers for Cas’s present regardless. He finds it well hidden, covered by an old car magazine he saved. Clutching it in his palm, Dean joins Cas. Kneels beside him, excitement wreaking havoc with his nerves. Bouncing, shoulders raised high, neck disappearing, and cheeks straining from his smile, Dean holds a fist out to an expectant Cas.
Kelly’s cabin, and all that waited for him there.
He feels like he could be doing more. As much as Jack enjoys reading all the different stories posted to this website, the emptiness within himself persists. Throughout the aspirational brotherly stories and especially during angst-ridden codas - the absence of feeling made itself known.
Mick hides his badge, patience finally worn thin. “Your country has needs of you… Cas.”
“It’s not,” Cas agrees, chuckling. Fiddles with a few loose pages. “Would you believe the energy in your bathroom wasn’t conducive for me to…
“Where’d you get these?”
“Cas Novak?”
Cas pulls away from the curb, following at a safe distance. Keeps at least two or three cars behind Mr. Pellegrino and never loses track of the cherry red crisis mobile. Parks on the other side of the lot he stops in, watching him skulk towards a neon glow that stirs Cas’s loins thinking about what waits past the guarded doors. Promised by the flashing sign that shouts ‘Girls! Girls! Girls!’ “Very educational venue, professor,” Cas chuckles, stepping out of his own vehicle.
There’s another lady on his mind now, the same from when he started this morning. The one that let him in on today’s secret with thrashing waves and explosive spray. The sea. Even this far inland he can conjure up her scent, salt dried into his skin from countless days spent in her presence. He sees her in his mind, in his car, as easily as he did standing on the shoreline.
,” he says, sarcasm heavy like the hand pouring his drinks this evening. “Special, even,” Dean continues, “don’t know how anyone could turn y’away after that.”
Sam shouted, “You can’t just run away Dean!”
Cas smirks while Webb escapes, chuckling softly under breath. “All repressed assholes are the same…” Checking the nearby area, he finds no one else giving him attention. Very focused on their own work, an unexpected perk from striking a very raw nerve.
of my arrest, it all slipped my mind.”
, last night,” Cas explains, arms crossed over his chest. Musters an intimidating stare. “With the punch bowl… and
He grabs one at random, holding it towards the window and letting natural light show him the image on the screen. It’s another picture involving a lake, although no one else was featured. Turning it over, Cas reads another label. Same date, same location, same photographer. N.P.
Warmth from the joint drips down from his mouth, settling somewhere in the lower half of Cas’s stomach. “My brother,” Dean says, “Sammy.”
They meet in the middle, bodies trembling with nervous energy. Both glance quickly at the others before staring at one another once more.
The rasp and clacking of wheels on the Bunker floor precedes Castiel as he rolls in on a skateboard. “Yo dudes,” he says, skidding to a halt by the island, “What is the haps?” His outfit is in complete disarray as Jack wrote. White button-down rumpled and untucked, his tie tight around his head instead of his neck. There’s no sign of the suit jacket underneath it and the trench coat’s sleeves have been pushed up as far as they can exposing his tanned arms.
Things are heating up! Hope you liked it - let me know by dropping a kudos/comment below
“I wouldn’t call it that,” he mocks, tapping at his chin, “the words wouldn’t capture the magic of what we had – like lightning in a bottle… but that’s not something I feel comfortable discussing while in the presence of
“You said you met him? Nick?” Kelly asks, “Do you think Jack went to him? That he might have had a hand in Jack’s…”
But about when Mia checked her refrigerator a third time, her mouth spat loose a question that dripped like drool past her lips and splattered everywhere by the time she realized she asked. “What you do with Buddy?”
Dean snipes a quick, murderous glare that sends an electric thrill racing through his spine. It quickly switches, however, as Jimmy looks at him. Transforms into a hippie with subtle changes: lips flatten and curl at the end, eyes half-lidded, burdened by the weight of his performance. Details that aid in his
“What’s a nickname?”
“A lightweight!” Cas yells over him, guiding him from the room. The stranger a step or two behind. “Maybe we should get you home instead?”
“But why there?”
“Don’t presume to know how I feel…” Dean shoves him back, “And give me space. I… it’s been awhile, okay?”
“Josie,” Cas represses the curl of his lips, her name somehow bitter as he says it. “it’s a pleasure to meet you.” He holds his hand for her to take, which she does with a wry brow raised.
“Really? You didn’t run into him anywhere?”
Dean nods. Shifting, he rolls onto his side to face Castiel. Castiel does the same. As he lets his consciousness drift away with the gentle underwater tides, Castiel realizes that he still holds Dean’s hand.
“God, Jack, why’d you have me day drink?”
His fathers are in love. And Jack started writing this change in relationships into his stories. Which is why he would
“It was Home Goods. I’ll find another just like it.”
Cas abandoned the thought along with the twitch of his fingers reaching for a joint. Instead gathering up the briefcase and trench coat in his exit. The finishing touches of his perfect disguise, fooling the casual beachgoer into thinking he dropped back in.
“No,” Victor says, “they didn’t feel too comfortable with a
“You’ve got a load of shit,” he accuses, standing on shaky legs, “that you’re trying to sell me.
Dean remembers. Their family, together, celebrating Dean’s birthday. His first birthday free from Chuck’s machinations, with a cake Jack spent all day baking and presents that lined the end of the table. He held Cas’s hand as he blew out the candles, mind blank because nothing he could wish for would match the happiness he felt in that moment. He tells Cas this after he asks what he wished for. And Cas, of course, proceeds to kiss him. Cas kisses him while Eileen cut the cake, while Jack helped plate them, and while Sam clapped Dean’s shoulders in warning to reign it in. Dean pulled back, gasping, unsure how he might respond to his then-boyfriend’s passion. Then Cas asked him that all-important, heart-stopping, mind-blowing question, opened a velvet box, and Dean knew exactly what to say.
Dean and Castiel pause at the entrance of a small, one-story house. Castiel marvels at the sight, like he did all the other houses before when they walked down the hard path. It was a strange sensation, the stone on his feet – not very comfortable. Thankfully Dean stole him a pair of coverings he called ‘flip flops’, along with a ‘shirt’ and ‘shorts’. He would grow use to the feeling in time, but he did enjoy the sound they made when he stepped.
An odd thought strikes Cas, Eve’s description vaguely similar in what Kelly described as the last few months living with Jack was like. “This place your ex vacationed at… would you happen to know what it is?”
“Wouldn’t know,” he says, “I never needed to repair my soul… consciously.”
Mia glossed past Dean’s comment, folding her arms across her chest as she studied them. “I was actually about to close early,” she said, “had a lot of cancellations and… I’ve got some errands to run” –
He sees the folding wall moved. If it were anywhere else, Cas might believe the other man fled before he could stop him. Running out like a one-night stand. The thought does pop up. Cas whacks it down, taking into account where his divider now rests.
“That can definitely be arranged.”
? That’s not evidence, that’s
Dee points at a nearby staircase. “The cabinet labelled ‘Law’. And let this be a lesson to you, sir, about not waiting until the last minute.”
shoes, chair held for leverage. “Maybe,” he coughed, “A connection, something…”
. Asking if I wanted to press charges on the man who broke into my home. I said no, of course…” She wrings her hands, squeezing her ring finger every few seconds. “If I had been a little bit easier, I’m sure all of that ugliness could have been avoided.”
Dean scoffed, thumb lightly brushing the hammer of his gun; unholstered, ever since he started changing outfits. “I’m not that reckless. Thought I’d snoop around, y’know? Get a sense what kind of monster she is before I put a bullet between her eyes. That way I don’t get it
“Mr. Novak,” the smaller man from the station greets with an outstretched hand, “you’re a hard fellow to track down.” Cas stares at the hand, delayed response melting the forced pleasantness off his face. “Right…”
“Yeah?”
“Lucky guess.” Cas pushes off the dry cleaners’ brick front, motioning for her to follow. “Why don’t we continue this somewhere more private. Like my office.” He ducks into the nearby alleyway, popping back out when he sees her stuck on the sidewalk like forgotten gum. “Well?”
“I thought I’d lost it,” he says, quietly, “or worse…”
“Dean.” Cas hefts him forward, steadying him, “I’ll trust your word on it, now if you’ll –“
Cas meets his hard stare, unshaking. “Sounds like you’ve had your own experiences with them, then.”
Cas abandoned the others once Billie disappeared, not even waiting for her form to fade before striding away. Stomps up each step, ignoring Dean’s calls as he races from their home. Into fresher air aboveground. Being an angel, Cas was inexperienced with breathing. Yet, instinctually, Cas gasps for breath once he breaks free.
“You’d be stupid not to be.”
. Jack’s gaze widens in terror watching two of his father figures try and devour each other. While writing the kiss, Jack didn't think about what the scene might look like. Too busy adding details he knew made no sense when paired with kissing. At one point Dean’s tongue licked along Castiel’s jaw line before the other man’s tongue found it and they wrestled once more.
“…Thanks.”
Cas waves to his retreating figure. “I’ll think about it,” he promises, smile fading the further the stranger advances, “if you take the stick out of your ass, Ringo.” Cas picks up the quarter and looks at the vendor, stationary audience for the whole scene. Hand hovering nearby his merchandise in case Cas takes a share from the community, mask crafted into bored indifference. Cas passes the quarter onto the vendor and blindly snags an apple. Juice leaks down his chin from a single bite, and Cas sighs praises between his chews.
Whatever expression Sam made Mia mirrored. Jack, meanwhile, giggled and shifted in his carrier, delighted by Dean’s idiocy. Jack’s carrier swung from the force of his mirth, forcing Sam to readjust his grip. As he did that, Sam used his other hand to pinch Dean’s wrist and forced his brother’s attention onto him. “That joke wasn’t funny the
“We don’t keep our real names,” she sighs, “it’s… part of the whole thing. You give that up along with all other aspects of your past life. So I – I wouldn’t know of a Jack.” Kaia gifts him a sad smile, squeezing his wrist. “But I did see someone who – if he’s who you’re looking for. He goes by Wind Crest.”
“It is.”
Early morning on the beach captures unreality; the picturesque dreams people waste gallons of paint in poor translations, the end product never truly carrying the same essence. Sunlight bounces off the rolling tides and glitter like diamonds on apology jewelry.  They hit your eyes, distracting from the littered remains of beachgoers who occupied the space only yesterday – forgotten blankets, broken umbrellas, and trash they always think will be picked up after them. By lifeguards or seagulls or the sea itself. If placed right, a wave will crash onto the shore and carry off any memory you want repressed with a comforting roar of the tides. But the ocean was never kind, not like the surfers that dwell in his community would like thinking. That being thrown from their long boards meant the same as play wrestling in the school yard.
Jack, barely out of diapers, chewing on a wooden block. Surrounded by more, spelling nonsense and slathered in drool. Cas’s face relaxes into a smile, fingers twitching at his sides. He wants a closer look but dare not disturb. Noticing the tracks in the dust, though, he wouldn’t be the first.
“What a kind leader…” Cas sighs, setting the report back into the folder. He flips through the documents compiled within, frowning when it seems there is nothing else. Cas grabs the rap sheet again and stares at it. Falls back along the steps and lifts the page over the sun. Doing so reveals a square shadow hiding text. “Huh?”
She snickered, agreeing that dinner was the least he can do. Later on, he proved an overachiever. Ending the night with a nerve-frying orgasm that punched a hole in her bedroom wall.
“Sam -”
It’s much cleaner than the wall in the alley way. Prettier, too, with some help from the neighborhood locals. Swirls of paint smeared in psychedelic patterns decorated this side. He took a moment and appreciated the scenery, following the patterns over brick and wood until finally coming across what he needed.
The ads weren’t
Cas hums, considering his next words. “Well… maybe you’ve gotten so used to the darkness… that the light’s just blended in?” Dean’s chin meets his chest, lips stuck in a severe pout. He switches topics, easing away from Dean. Hands him his boots, simultaneously snatching his keys from the ground. “Let me drive you home, okay?”
yes…” Lucifer sighs, “that would make sense, wouldn’t it? Of course, he lacks my raw
is what he expected. Rolling up his sleeves, Cas dropped to his knees and began the excavation.
!” Poor comparison, albeit the best he can gather under such strange conditions. Concern for the infuriating detective coaxes a gentler touch from Cas.
Eve stayed silent for a while; enough Cas wondered if she left. But then she continued, “How much acclaim?”
… to choose where their lives take them and with who.” Castiel smiles sadly, glancing at Dean. He reaches out for the other man, Dean taking his hand with an answering grin. “There are some bad humans, yes. But we shouldn’t judge a group of people by the sins of a few.”
“Not a trace.” Dean tugs the amulet’s cord, hiding it in his fist. “No one knew where they went, even the force had nothing. But if it meant less hippies on the streets they didn’t care. I kept at it. Asked and asked until some of the captains were getting
“I didn’t go anywhere.”
“You don’t mean that.”
Dean scoffs. “Us?”
“God that’s so gross…”
He clears his throat, “Kaia. Why don’t you start from the beginning… you know this group?”
Adam hums, “You’ve never had the opportunity?”
This was supposed to be a little button at the end of the first chapter, but that ended so beautifully, and this would've been too long. So I made it its own!
It happens before Lucifer realizes. Distracted, nauseated by Dean’s powerful emotions, he missed how a hand snuck its way towards his neck. Pinched there, startling him. In that second, Dean forces Lucifer into an embrace. Lips crashing together, Lucifer stays frozen while Dean attacks his mouth. Mewling, whimpering.
“That is
“A little something to remember me by.”
“In danger,” Castiel explains, “it’s easier than shouting Castiel. Do you have a nickname?”
Cas lets him have the last word. Leaves him stewing in his own mess, safety preserver tossed elsewhere. He exits through the front door, proudly walking into the hostility. Grins at a neighbor watering her hedges and kicks a soccer ball towards nearby kids at play. Furthering the divide between him and the detective.
“So that front desk out there?” Dean said, scoffing, “that for show? Or do you find time to shift, shrink,
He answers honestly. “Don’t think the group felt too comfortable with a stranger barging in late.”
“Easy there,” Dean hollered, bent over the sink while the faucet showered down on his head. “I’d like to
“I get it. If I ever were to get hitched, I wouldn’t waste my time on details like that.”
“Thanks for the fun,” Cas tells her, standing, “but bricks need hitting.” Meg follows him out of her kitchen, helping him collect his things. He slips the white button-down on and wraps the tie around his neck like a scarf. Cas turns, seeing a nude Meg with his trench coat in hand. Recoils when he brings it close by his nose. “This’ll be getting a scrub.”
.” Cas drags Dean’s suit jacket over, sniffing at the collar. Grinning, “Doesn’t explain your other books. I mean – you got a copy of the Electric Kool-Aid Acid Test lying around somewhere?”
Dean shakes it, saying something. Like he wants Castiel to take the amulet from him.
A lawyer from the same firm Sammy worked at. Tyson Brady. Dean snuck his brother into the conversation, asking about the ‘famed lawyer’ in the news. “Well, you know what they say about the brightest of stars,” Tyson joked, crushing his empty water cup and tossing it into the nearby trash.
“I’ll show ‘em my badge.”
I’m the queen! You shouldn’t be able to do this, it’s – what is it about
“As you wish, m’Lord.” Cas eases into the space, door closing behind them. Parking, turning the keys off but leaving them in the ignition. “So, what now?”
Cas scoffed at Dean’s side, mumbling, “But what if scamming people is gay rights?”
.” He steeples his fingers, drifting into the surrounding forest. “You’ve got a part to play in this. Something big. A set up for the final battle… that’ll bring all the pieces I need onto the board.”
“I don’t think I’d be able to if I
“No, no…” Castiel frowns, skewing his head to the side, “What did you call me?”
is 100% pure hash and not anything that’s been cut and laced with other shit.”
He quickly fell into a niche in terms of his writing. Jack’s stories would star one or two - or maybe all - of his fathers in a variety of family friendly scenes. In his world the trauma left by Michael’s siege faded, and the phantom pains from all they lost didn’t sting quite like they did when the wounds were first struck. Sam smiled easier, Dean walked with a bounce in his step, and Castiel’s shoulders dropped most of the weight he rested on them.
Castiel’s face heats deliriously, his chest beating faster then he’s ever felt it go. “Oh,” he says, “that’s…
“And they say the word ‘hero’ doesn’t mean much these days…”
“Cas-?”
“Oh, the oil?” Adam laughs, pinching his sides, “I had it specially delivered from some small town I last visited years ago, in Morocco. When it was all the rage, kids fleeing for the East in search of enlightenment. This herbalist was teaching in the streets…”
Cas stands, waving a manila envelope. “Kaia!” he says, “Kaia Nieves!”
“But were you scared?” Dean asked, voice tinny and small, “Scared of what might happen? What others’d think?”
“You’d be surprised how well the government pays to intimidate hippies,” Ketch says, releasing Cas. “Although a job well done is reward enough.”
he gave me a D on my paper. Motherfucker can burn in hell like the devil he is!”
“Family,” Dean continues, “My dad can barely hold down a decent job… if it weren’t for my uncle I doubt he’d even bring home
Dean huffs. “Well that’s unfortunate.” He snaps his fingers, chuckling. “What about whales? They’re technically mammals, not fish!”
“No, no!” Mia pleaded, stumbling behind her chair, building distance between her and Dean, “You don’t have to do this!”
life. “You can get away with a lot if you know the right people,” he says, hitting the gas as red becomes green.
“I know about sons,” Castiel says, “I
‘em this close…”
Finishing her drink, Mia pushed both empty glass and bottle to the side. She laid her hands flat against the dark, marble counter and pushed, steadying herself as she stood. The room hardly spun. It wasn’t that strong a wine, especially given her inherited tolerance. Mia chose not to waste another.
Castiel shrugs, but follows. It’s been a whirlwind of a day so far, but Castiel knows there’s more to come. He’s already seen and learned so much… not just about Dean’s world. There’s something about
“Well, it’s pretty hard staying fucking unbothered when you think my sexuality is annoying.”
There’s a motel off Highway 70 called Angel’s Paradise, first established in the early 1900s, and last renovated in 1982. The owners back then, who remain so today, envisioned heaven as some tropical destination. That meant each room, alike in their simplicity and functionality, would be redone along these guidelines. Walls plastered with paper-print palm fronds and blooming, pink flowers. Bathrooms tiled a light blue – like waters from the clearest ocean – and little soaps shaped like shells to match the shell-patterned shower curtain. They’d have an entertainment unit housing a small television set would double as a dust collector, various ocean-themed knick-knacks cluttered atop it, ranging from homemade to store bought. A wicker table situated between two wicker chairs, a wicker dresser placed next to the entertainment unit and a wicker bed-or-beds layered by their own palm fronds, matching the walls. Finally, tying the décor together was a little (wicker) side table near the door with a plastic conch set to catch keys or loose change or cigarette ash. Given these changes, any customer might imagine they were in Florida rather then Colorado, or it was June instead of February. Especially in the crown jewel of Angel’s Paradise, the
“Maybe we can skip rocks,” Castiel suggests to him, “It’s a very simple activity… but I find the act is such a profound metaphor for life. That even the lightest of touches can have a ripple effect which -”
“If you do, you’ll go back to your former body,” Castiel explains, “And we won’t be able to communicate.”
Cas moves on from the desk and to the dresser, rifling through his briefs and socks and others. While most of it looked touched since before Jack ran away, Cas expected a little more dishevelment. Even if his plans were half-formed and spontaneous, Jack should have packed a few outfits into a rucksack. Jack’s backpack hung from a hook off his closet, and the drawers were stuffed full.
“Nah, it’s real simple, you just gotta –“ he clears his throat, puffing out his chest, “
vibes to my pad.”
Despite the horrible optics of his current situation, Cas keeps his back straight and chin high. Ignoring the teasing blow, he crosses his arms. “What are you doing here, Dean?”
Almost three hours into their trip Dean pulls off the highway. “We’re almost there,” he tells them, “Hope you’re ready!”
“Hello?” the woman says, brow raised above an expensive pair of shades, “Can I help you?” She leans on the handle, her other hand punching a jutted hip, and wears an open silk robe that cover her cobalt blue bathing suit. A tiny scar, paler than the rest of her, pokes from the waistband of her bikini brief, the only line on her body. Her face smoother than a marble statue, a benefit of wealth no doubt. Never need wince or frown when supported by the strong arm of the all-American dollar. Her brunette hair cascades like a waterfall in a style he saw on the cover of a magazine some time ago. Anyone else would be fooled by her youthful façade, but Cas know who she is.
Morning comes too quickly, and all at once.
detective, but not without his wits entirely. “I doubt breaking and entering require unseemly levels of aggression.”
“Then I guess I’ll be the first?” Dean asks. The bartender huffs softly under breath, he and Dean reveling silently. They connect over this interloper’s antics. With a subtle shift in the bartender’s gaze, a snide flash of teeth, Dean understands. He’s not the first, only the latest. Certainly not the last.
“I’m not sure about that. All the best angels are the fallen ones.” Cas fires with a vicious verbal backhand, winking. Throws Dean off his rhythm with a severe blush. “Did you really not know what my name was after years of… crossing paths?”
That triggers a new feeling inside. Unfortunately, it detracts from the overall mood Cas and Pamela were building. The warm intimacy simmering between them evaporates and the only pressing thought in Cas’s awareness is how he needs to pee. Bladder sloshing around like the aforementioned waterbed, dangerously surrounded by nails waiting for a misstep that will give way for major leakage.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I do, Cas,” he insists, “So… please?” He falls silent at Dean’s plea, nodding for him to continue. His words hadn’t so much robbed Castiel of his ability to speak, rather the intensity of the other’s gaze on him. It was like being stung by thousands of jellyfish and craving for more to float by. “Thank you for… for bringing me back to shore and – and well
Sam, once more, ignored Dean’s strange behavior in favor of continuing his line of questioning. “If it’s not your assistant then it has to be a patient. Is there anyone you’ve seen lately who might have been… off? Maybe they were acting differently than you might remember?”
“What?”
Swimming becomes harder as the reality of where they are sinks in. The seafloor slopes upwards, off towards the line where it stops being part of the sea and is called land. He barely remembers what it’s like to smile, and for a strange reason Dean forgets as well.
The more Jack dug through his stories, the easier it became to see the connecting dots. Every time he wrote a story, his fathers would follow along - going as far back to the time Jack stumbled upon Sam in the library.
… he loved me, and that killed him.” Whispering, he repeats, “
Sam dropped a stack of branches onto a large pile he must have begun gathering after Dean fled. He rubbed at his neck, steadily avoiding where Dean’s gaze was by looking at the pile. “I moved him,” he explained, “I figured we might as well start on the… on the pyres for him, and Kelly.” Sam paused. He grabbed a lone branch, snapping a twig from it. “I didn’t do anything else. Figured you would want to…”
“Holy shit, Cas,” Dean says, voice deadly serious, “You’ve never… does no one marry for love?”
Sergei doesn’t rise to Cas’s bet, drawing his limbs back into a careful pose instead. Like a straight line, hands folded and pointed upwards towards the sun. “Don’t care much for that…
He wracked his brain. Tried matching her looks with a number of women he enjoyed hours of free love with. Either he never had the pleasure of knowing her or could not remember what her pleasure felt like. “Really long…”
After each story, while Jack recovered from his creative burn, he would find one of his fathers in their home to pass the time. Instead of moping around, shuffling with the heavy chains of their hurt and sadness, they walked with good cheer as if someone scrubbed their slates clean. No longer did they haunt the Bunker's walls. They lived and enjoyed each beat of their hearts. At some point, Jack guesses, they found the keys and broke free from the depressing grayness. He couldn't be prouder.
The gifted flower lies crumpled in his lap, its petals smushed and stem in hand. Cas frowns and drops the broken piece. Picks up the flower and brushes a finger across one petal. Static buzzes within his mind, a line between dots yearning for a connection. Almost touching like God and Adam straining between the clouds. They only need stretch a bit further, aided by the intense stare Cas keeps on the flower.
A sound observation that weirds Cas given its source. “Still…”
Sam offered her condolences that Mia shrugged off. “Do you know where he lives?” he asked instead.
“…What’s a chicken?”
Sam barely spent time in his room anymore save for when he needed sleep. The library became his central hub of activity once more, and all the times he wasn’t reading he caught up on the exercise he put off. Dashing off to jog his well-worn trail or stretching against the walls, he vibrated with a tremendous spirit.
His fingers curl where Castiel’s shirt is rucked up, dangerously teasing the line of his jeans. Castiel rolls his hips, rutting their cocks against each other again. “Yeah,” he tells Sam, “Yeah I can… we can go.”
“Sorry,” Dean growls, “why don’t you try later when the world’s
Besides the empty medicine cabinet, the bathroom looks unfurnished. No towels or toilet paper – not even a plunger. There wasn’t even a shower.
“So?” Sam asked, doing up his new shirt, playing along. “What’s this
It’s not a perfect plan, but it works for him.
Cas flips her skirt, wriggling down until his face rests at her covered crotch. “Still wearing bloomers?”
“Or,” the stranger interrupts, laying a paw on Dean’s shoulder. Placid expression deadly with how the shadows warp it. “you two can sleep it off later over at my pad. I mean, the party’s only starting now… ain’t too
’. Surpassing the backroom orgy filled with political hopefuls and greedy plutocrats; even making a depressing one-man show, a client’s husband’s secret ambition he cheated on his family for, seem more optimistic. At least, when leaving that, he felt confident in all his choices up until then.
,” Dean tells him. Stomps past, snatching his shoes in one swift motion. “I’ve had worse nights in a bar, two bottles deep.”
, from being spoken now that it’s too late.
Cas keeps his eyes focused on the road, driving while Dean fiddles with the dashboard radio knob like a safecracker. Flipping through station after station; never settling, always complaining. About what songs played, the finite catalogue Cas’s car could tune to, how long it took finding decent music. All Cas held no control over, yet Dean blames him, still. Lashing out how he could because of the conditions Cas set that Dean had no choice but agreeing with if he were to tag along.
He feels vulnerable, exposed and defenseless. It’s the closest he’s come to recreating the thrill of being caught by Cas’s searching gaze. His angel’s eyes were able to peel away the walls and layers of bullshit Dean had built, defenses Dean thought impenetrable that failed innumerably when set against Cas. Cas saw through all, into Dean’s soul and, somehow, stayed. Cas chose Dean repeatedly, and he’ll never hear how much that meant to him, how much
Eve snickers behind her cigarette, “Well if you were there when he did fall, you’d understand how tall a climb that was.”
Kelly Kline?
“Dean.”
A bored attendant waits past said curtain, stationed behind a podium. Kitted with a velour vest and hair so slicked back a few strands were plastered against her forehead, she stares at Cas. “No dancer, no room.”
What he doesn’t account for is Castiel waiting in the shadows of the other door. Jack slams into him, dropping his laptop. “Shit,” he hisses, “I… I didn’t mean… Cas…?”
Besides, he thought to himself, there are things Dean doesn’t know about him. If he knew Castiel was a prince of the ocean, or that he was directly responsible for his ship sinking, then whatever way he saw Castiel would be gone forever.
Sam. I know the lingo – better than
His hand on the key, Cas almost leaves. Almost. Kept from doing so by a glinting piece of metal that catches his eye. He brushes away the clothes piled on top, eyes wide. Cas becomes Atlas, the burden nearly breaking his back.
Buddy, anticipating his plan, recovered enough between punches that he dodged one and managed to knock Sam off of him. Sam heard him scramble to his feet, searching for his weapon. Fear, familiar and slick, trickled down his back in millions of droplets of sweat. His mind jolted, quickly, working up an idea that might buy them a few more minutes for Dean to arrive.
in anger. Called it as toxic as booze. Even though the Sammy
“You know,” he moves his hands around in a circle, only further increasing Castiel’s confusion. “You don’t have cars? How do you get around when you’re tired from swimming?”
“It was definitely before,” Cas says, “I remember you mentioning that the only thing you’d keep on was your ring.”
to.” Dean claws at his scalp, avoiding Cas’s stare, “Fuck, do you know how immoral that is, Cas?”
of this, father.”
” He hisses, leaning forward. Stretches his arms across the table, reaching for Dean. Fingers twitching, Lucifer imagines Dean’s neck between them. “Seriously, you’re giving me a migraine with all your
As swiftly as Roidy began his assault, he’s being tugged off him. Dean gasps for breath, spinning, facing the dancefloor now. Glaring at Roidy who glares elsewhere, at the owner of the hand that cleaved this growth from Dean’s side.
He frowned, glaring. “Is there anyone
and – well, every day is like a party.”
!” Jack watches him go, acting like a four-year old instead of the forty-year old he grew to know. Picking himself up, Jack walks after him like
with men?”
Sighing, Dean sets Cas aside to appreciate the scenery again.
Sergei lives in a dilapidated bungalow on a secluded part of the beach. A cove with patches of dirt in certain areas that allows for his product to breathe in the salty sea air. Unfettered growth because by the time cops might arrive, they’ve exhausted themselves arresting the locals breaking the law by being. Stuffing their cruisers with small fish while a golden whale of ‘criminal activity’ swims free.
The first website seemed innocent enough, so he clicks it. Reading, Jack starts noticing how similar the details within matched what he knew of Sam and Dean. Jack scrolled up towards the top and found the ‘About’ section.
Cas studies the gift, petals bunched together as if it were tulle or cotton candy, its pink coloring not helping with the similarity. He accepts it, offering a cautionary sniff. “Thanks?”
No matter the distance, Cas will feel Dean’s inner turmoil. Recognized it as struggles he went through. Though where Cas broke free, Dean continues being controlled by that horrifying specter. Judgement clouded by burdens parents should never lay on their child. Dean and all they went through may take a lot of real estate in his mind for the next few days.
– sometimes
“Nothing about what?”
Castiel frowns, gaze focused ahead of him. “Because it’s the right thing to do. You’re separated far from your people, your family… your
Doesn’t matter how well he masks it in the other man’s presence; Adam arches a brow at Dean and orders him to lay down. “You’ll feel better that way.”
“I have a story I need to write,” she told him, “and since you’re not in the mood to share, I’ll just uncover my own dirt.” Meg strode off, stumbling on a chair leg. She didn't fall. Her sunglasses hit the ground with a sickening crack, Meg cursing audibly when bending to check. Cas subtly examined the fit of her jeans, snug at the waist.
Finally, Cas hurls Dean off of him. Panting, he swipes at his mouth. “From who?” he asks, “Who, Dean? …You?” His silence is like a sucker punch. Dean trembles, glaring from his bowed position while Cas steams on ahead. “There’s more going on here and you
quite like they do here.”
“Help?” Cas points past the officer, into the sea of beige and blue, “I’m trying to find Detective Winchester’s desk. He told me to wait there while he processes a few things, but he left without telling me where…”
“My friends call me Meg, but you… I don’t know if you’re my friend, yet.”
“Okay…” He tries for one last glimpse of Tracy, except she floated off into another part of the house. Cas does not linger in the kitchen long, stepping into the backyard and the raucous screaming of children.
“Well, it’s not really
“No!” Dean shrieks, choking back a sob. He blinks past the tears, letting them fall without care. “Do you not know meat is
Exiting the precinct now sits far low on his list of priorities, regardless Dean’s wishes. Instead, Cas strides forward to a different destination that would seriously upset the detective if he knew. However, after a few miscalculated turns, Cas realizes his execution could benefit from a little help.
However, if they took food out of the car and ate it outside, that might make things better.
Sam trailed behind her, Dean, too, judging from his footsteps. He paused in the doorway, however, remembering Jack and how he shouldn’t leave him alone. As he was about to double back, he bumped into Dean who hissed, “watch out” while shoving him off. Sam’s gaze dipped low, then, hearing a familiar giggle. Jack beamed up at Sam from his carrier; it gently swinging, held in Dean’s hand. Sam glanced at Dean, his older brother knowing well to avoid the other’s gaze. “What?” Dean mumbled, “Shouldn’t we see what Mia’s doing? For all we know, she’s out the door while we dawdle here…”
a suit. Darling, I want to fuck you like me… and I can’t do that in a
He returned to his car, starting it like nothing happened, like his skin hadn’t torn and tears weren’t drying on his cheeks as he refused to wipe them off. Dean tapped the pedal and drove off. He drove the same path he took earlier, only in reverse. He drove
fell in love with
All throughout the night Cas avoided leaking too much information. But the demon offered the right sort of deal at his crossroads. Cas relented, giving Crowley the name of the firm. In turn Crowley promised to do his best.
can happen to a lady such as myself in a place like this.” Josie tugs hard on his sleeve, leverage so she can drop a kiss on his lips. Only Dean turns at the last second, and her lipstick smudges his cheek. Disappointment flashes across her face for a beat before she brushes it aside. “Well,” Josie continues in a more reserved tone, “it was nice meeting you.”
“Missing?” Nick garbles a few words like in the midst of an aneurysm, Cas watching the door. Knowing if he caught a glimpse of the other man he will continue swinging. Doubtful anything could tear him away before seriously endangering him. “You don’t think I had anything to do with that, do you?” Nick asks, fear warping his voice. “Because after that day I hadn’t heard anything from him, honest.”
Sam visibly startled, jaw clenched that familiar way Dean knows meant an argument brewed within; his brother’s puppy dog features deceived, hiding his true feelings. Again, as Sam readied to speak, the baby took his cue and interrupted with a damning wail. Sam pressed his lips into a thin, mangled line while he waited his turn.
He frowns, hunched over so his hair can somewhat shield him. “Yeah, I was on your living room floor shooting loads. You should know, you were there.”
His fingers quickly exchanged the folder for a joint, lighting the grass and breathing deeply of it. Cas lets the sweet smoke shudder past his lips, leaning on his steering wheel. Two days since he stole these files from the precinct, and only now had he worked up the nerve to open them. Reading them during a lull in his current stakeout, with no other excuses distracting him.
He’s only exhausted. Too tired to shutter the devastation on his face, every crack of Dean’s heart was on full display. He’s not in the mood to fight with Sam, either, aware he needed
Sam ignored him, balling his shirt between twitching fingers. “So,” he started, “did you figure out if we’ve got a case or not?” He opened his duffel, zipper ripping through the silence of what he chose not to say.
Fight seeps from his tense body, Nick resigned beneath him. “Look, whatever any of those girls said, they’re making shit up. I promise, they’re only mad because I’m failing them.”
“They say you’re supposed to want better for your kids,” Kelly says, “to lead lives you couldn’t lead because the opportunities were never there. Jack had… so much potential; every day since he graduated it was another day he was squandering it. And I never used to get mad at my son but that… seeing him come in when he pleased, so relaxed while I’m still working in the
“No,” Cas sighs, pointing at his reflection. Smudging it, “Dean let you into his home. He didn’t have to. Do this, and who knows when this will happen again.”
“I… I think we still have another day,” Castiel tells him, yawning, “And I’ll be no use if I’m swimming with my eyes closed.” Dean huffs and crosses his arms, waiting. But Castiel fixes him with a fierce glare, not willing to budge. In the end Dean loses, a yawn breaking through his own annoyance.
“Actually, let me guess,” he says, cutting her off. “Someone broke into your home and stole a family heirloom, and you think it was some hippie who sold it for their next fix?” She huffs her disagreement. “Then you’re being blackmailed, and want me figuring out who’s breathing down your neck before the next payment?” She rolls her eyes. “Is it marital issues? You think your husband is cheating on you and I have to follow him around with
future, how I can live it for those I loved. Be there… the person I’ve become, and not who I used to be. But now…”
Though insanely difficult, Cas knows who starts the engine of the car. The same person who parked it there earlier after a tough day of giving lectures, greeting two toddlers playing in the yard with tired hugs. Exhausted from that morsel of affection, he made a less than admirable show at giving his wife a kiss. Barely a trace of love spoke from the action. They all retreated inside soon after while Cas cozied up in wait for a moment like this.
Dean wondered if, one day, he might shatter so completely gathering those pieces might prove impossible. He has his answer, at the worst possible moment.
“No one can speak
Dean laughs, head lolling with the force of it. “Silly Cas… m’not a reefer addict. I’m a –“
.” Stormed from his office and didn’t look back.
Sighing, Dean pushes his bangs back. “It shouldn’t work like that, y’know. Fucking awful how that happens.”
He slides back a few inches, laughing. “Claire!” Cas hugs her, too, then pries free from her grip, “Have you gotten taller? Or are you at the age where you don’t grow anymore?”
“It wasn’t my idea to come here,” Sam confessed, “Dean… he kinda hijacked our trip back home. I didn’t like it, but I get it – in a way. He’s coping.”
“Wow, you…” Castiel trails off. Or perhaps he completed his thought, and Dean missed it because their arms are pressed together on the bar. Dean turns, watching the other’s soft contemplation instead of Sam. Castiel meets his gaze, those pearls reappearing. Shinier, too. “What happened to the dog?”
“She’ll find out in her own time,” Dean reached for Cas’s hand, slipping it into his own, “Come on, we’ll miss the movie if we keep dawdling here.”
with them. “What the fuck is happening?” he asks, rubbing at his eyes.
A lone ranger leans on his car, like a baby Doberman in a too-large collar. Protecting against any deserving, weary soul who would use the block for nefarious plots such as discussing life and sharing grass. Cas whines, tugging on his tie and popping a button open for a breath of air. “Dean? If you’re here for some spiritual guidance I’m afraid I’m ill-prepared.”
“Can you cut the
. I mean… if you met my dad -”
Cas stares at her gingham tablecloth, drawing tiny figures with his finger. He could tell her about Dean, but the rapid pace of his heart would rather he discuss the case with her. Choosing the latter, Cas begins explaining all he found the past few days. Unpacks the box starting with the Institute and even airs out Jack’s disappearance at the end. Thinking about these pieces, though, undoes any of the positivity he gained when learning the name of the organization.
(See the end of the chapter for
“What was that?”
’. Clicking again, Jack left that website behind for something more magical. Somewhere he could grow roots in and enjoy.
. Dean responds, snapping his phone closed quickly before he can reread and second guess.
salary, I’m afraid to ask.”
“Help, sure…” Rufus drawls, a rough chuckle escaping, “at first, that’s what it looks like. Help you make
The next few hours pass uneventfully, with Jack staring at his open laptop. Swiping the mouse pad when the screen goes black and only getting up to fetch the charger once it runs out of power.
She slipped into the tub, taking a drag from her joint and huffing smoke past her lips. It clouded the past events, of Buddy’s attack and his death, of Dean Winchester’s breakdown, but didn’t fully remove them. Tonight carved itself a firm place within her mind as a turning point in her life.
“Why me?” he muttered, “Why’s it always… why do I have to deal with it, with the after, with picking up the pieces of someone else’s
“These are police files,” he hisses, whacking Castiel in the chest with them. Past the boundaries of personal space, “not just that, they’re
“We’ve got a long time before we croak, Cas,” Dean jokes, crawling higher up his bed. Enough that he can press their foreheads together. “You think you can handle it?”
– sparks within him an incredible source of power that gives Castiel newfound energy.
“Cigarette, then?”
“No,” he says, “can’t say I remember her.”
That felt like too much of a damned lie, so he caught the words in his throat and swallowed them down.
“The United States Government.”
“Hey,” he touches Dean again. Another brush of fingers on Dean’s shoulder, bending so Cas’s lips were inches from his ear. “You’re not back there. You’re here, in my apartment… with me.” A wry smile slashes through the fondness oozing out his whisper, concealing most of it before Dean’s searching gaze found Cas. “Albeit, not like how I imagined. Too many clothes, certainly…”
Her shoulders tensed. Mia straightened to her full height; her expression now free of any earlier fear. “I’m not.”
He couldn’t be late.
“Oh, for fuck’s sake…”
“Love?” Castiel asks, “That… hmm… I’ve never thought about how love would play into these sorts of partnerships.”
Rufus wryly raises his brow. “How am I what?”
She offers another piece of paper, only Cas hesitates in accepting it. Instead he whistles a low, sad note and leans back in his chair. He questions her, “You think this is the right call? Giving
“Dean, are you… you’re with me, right?” Dean nods, tension melting away. He slides further, knees bumping into Sam’s. A wordless comfort. “Fuck I am so… so sorry. I didn’t, I never meant –“
That deals damage more than any punch could. Like Ketch shoved his hand into Cas’s body and wringed his spirit. An admittance, being in on his actions. Although Cas wonders if it’s only the Roman file Ketch knows of, or if he found out about the other files he took.
Mia opened the front door slightly, peeking onto the porch through a sliver. Dean stood, his shoulders stooped from exhaustion and a haggard expression across his face that exaggerated every wrinkle on his pretty face. Quickly scanning him, she saw no sign of a weapon. She couldn’t decide if it were better or worse. Mia unfastened the final lock, fully welcoming Dean back into her home. “Dean,” she started, “what can I help you with?” Her grip tightened on the knife, sharp line of its blade shifting against her skirt’s fabric.
“Dean…”
Hunched over the outdoor railing, Cas’s vision blurs. Darkness encroaching at a pace that makes him shiver. “That’s not…” he hisses, sinking lower, crouching. “It’s not real. It can’t… there’s a
Cas turns to him, frowning. Studies the other man, searching for a hint of what he thinks. “Well,” he says, needling him, “now you know what’d be like if I ever went
“Who was that?”
Crowley relaxed, inching his chair left and right. Tinny squeaks filled the air. “So? What kind of fake forms do you need? I have a lot of templates so I can outfit you with everything you need tonight.”
“My dad,” Castiel sighs, “Even though I am the youngest he expects me to be involved in the family business…”
“I know what an angler fish is, Cas,” Dean scoffs, “And really? That so didn’t happen.”
“What time does to youth…” he sighs, elbowing his brother with a devilish grin. “Though you must be happy, having something in common with your daughter ‘n’ all.”
“A shifter.”
, but this was a great session.”
… I don’t – I don’t know what I’m supposed to be doing here?”
.” Glancing back, he can see the light blink and fade into nothing, descending back into the murky depths to wait for another unsuspecting prey.
“Sorry, this is Will Bexler – I called you earlier on the phone?”
Dean giggles. “Just like the Little Mermaid…” He shifts underneath him, banging against something. “Woah,” he says, “excited there, Cas?”
“No, Hoover would never get his hands dirty if he can help it.” He shifts onto his ass, hissing when he sees the expected cut on his knee. “By the way,” Cas asks, rubbing at the blood, “What happened to the suit’s loafers?”
Castiel catches him, arms tight around his waist. “Dean.”
“A task, repetitive in nature, that you enjoy doing,” Castiel explains, “From what I’ve seen and learned, sharing interests is a profound way of connecting with others. Find something you like to do –“
“But it got the job done…” He shakes his head, clawing at his necktie. Loosens it somewhat, enough for the top button to pop open. Dean looks a fraction more comfortable than he did entering, but even the slightest concession of his armor marks a tally in Cas’s corner. “Anyway, where was I?”
“Cas? Cas?” Dean cranes his neck as far as it can take him, one eye able to meet Castiel’s sad gaze. “What’s he talking about? My boat…?”
“Okay, Dean,” he says, opening the first drawer, “let’s get digging.”
“Well, at least that explains why a cheap suit like him would slum it in this dump this time of night,” the officer studied him, knocking a bit of ash onto Cas’s feet in bored contempt. “Don’t see what that has to do with you barging into our smoke break.”
She purses her lips, looking askance. “That it has… your friend seems – he seems…
“Oh…” Castiel licks his lips, a sight Jack wishes he wasn’t privy, too. He’s rooted to the floor, trapped as the audience for his fathers’ strange flirtatious ritual. Watching it play like a scene from one of the many romantic comedies Dean pretends he doesn’t collect on his Netflix queue. “What do I… what do I taste like?”
of the raging shitstorm our lives were, without enemies, without battles. A place us soldiers can go and… not
“Well I like to think that shows how well you and your company can respond to challenges and have your risks overwhelmingly pay off. And while some investors might balk at getting tied up with an asset so close to the Iron Curtain, I can assure you that a little Red Scare never stopped any of us from doing our jobs.”
“What happened?”
. I’m not asking you to trust humanity, but I do want you to trust
“Sure,” Dean agreed, “and that got him
Dean’s innocent play refreshes Castiel’s spirit, haven’t seen anyone act so free like this since he was a babe. So much changes when a merperson grows older, the weight of responsibility weighing heavily on the soul like a hard shell. Unable to wriggle free and enjoy life, be present in the moment. Even in a different body, Dean carries that human independence fiercely within him; makes Castiel yearn for some of it himself… among other things. His eyes trace Dean’s form, tongue peeking out from behind his lips.
Dean rolls his eyes, kicking his way out of the car. “You can come in for a drink,” he offers. Offhandedly, mumbled with a slight blush on his cheeks, “If you want… that is.”
“You don’t have anything I want.”
A missing Jack. Flyers and the strange people who printed them. An abandoned building with working electricity and now Dean Winchester. Too many coincidences for Cas to tune out the whole experience as one bad trip. He is plummeting down this rabbit hole at frightening speed.
“No, it wasn’t any of that,” Cas shrugs, hands stuffed into his pockets. “My keys, wallet… hell, my lighter. I need my lighter. This guy up in Venice managed to engrave the outline of my cock on it, although he needed a picture and sending
“No I think you made that clear,” Cas says, “my business is that he’s
There he goes. Ripping up more of his garden, showering Cas in the petals. Gifting him with further insight while Cas, greedy as he is, offers nothing in return.
Although, even if he were on his best behavior, Cas doubts there will ever be another chance at seeing Dean’s home.
The front door swings open, Claire bounding down the porch steps. Her timing impeccable. Cas pushes off, feigning calmness. “Let’s get on the road,” he says, clearing his throat. “Dean… if you will?” Glancing at the front seat, Cas hopes Dean understands. He doesn’t trust his voice much right now.
in that? All you had to do was dust Dean off and send him on his way. Couldn’t even do something
He resurfaces, startling Dean. “Crap!” Dean yells, huffing, “Why’d you leave?”
“Usually whenever Dick gets caught up in a drunken frenzy, and the police come by for a slap on the wrist, he spends a few months at some dry retreat, going to
“Anyway,” Dean continues, “it might seem like we did this all ass-backwards, but I could care less how we got here since
He dropped his friend off at Singer’s after needling more directions from him. Then Cas began searching for ‘a really tall, abandoned building with wood boards nailed over everything, next door to a sex shop and across the street from a place that sells better tacos than the Shack on Gordita’. With no exact name, he circled the city for over an hour before settling by a hydrant midway on Artesia Boulevard. In front of the
“Y’know Cas, I could give you a few ideas. Or Amelia, when she gets back from her book club…”
Baby. Maybe even fog up her windows…?”
“Go fuck yourself,” Dean drawls, laughing, squeezing Blue Eyes tighter. Encouraged by his presence. “At least you’ll know it’s consen-u-tal!”
He shrugs, “Not too long. I know you must be very busy – and the fact that you were able to ah… squeeze me in on short notice, it was good fortune smiling down on us.”
She angled the knife Dean’s way, staring at it still. He looked furious in the silver mirror. “Did he mention anything else?”
Jack, frozen in his seat, stared at Dean with concern shining in his comically wide eyes. “What are you talking about, Dean?”
A view of his glowing eyes, too.
“Shit, no, Cas,” Dean sighs, “that’s… you don’t marry for love?”
party,” Claire continues, “the story goes that a few years back, he broke his hip. And while he was recovering, they sent this nurse to look after him – feed him, bathe him, clean up his shit
“Oh, you don’t know how much I mean this.”
“Dude when have you ever?” Andy shuts the door, smiling at Cas’s chest. “By the way, when’d you pick up the necklace. It’s really out there, y’know?”
Dean nods, snaking his hands across Lucifer’s wrists. “Means we don’t have long,” he barks, squeezing tight. “I have to set it right, right now.”
He situates himself in a dark corner of the alley way between two cans and facing the abandoned building. Cas unzips himself, bloated cockhead flopping into the stale air. “That’s why underwear’s useless…” he mutters to no one, aiming at the bend where structure meets asphalt and easing the locks on his floodgate. It trickles, and then rushes out of him. A hiss of pleasure leaves his lips as he adjusts his stance. Cas braces his free hand on the boarded-up window in front of him and slides one foot back when the puddle of his pee drifts close. His sandal catches on a loose piece of paper, and if he wore the cheap plastic ones like every other stoner instead of investing in his leather strapped beauties, he would have lost it in the struggle. What happens is Cas rights himself quickly, aided unknowingly by the piece of wood nailed onto the building.
Scrolling past a strange sketch of Dean and Sam Jack finds an escape. HunterGirl221b included a link to a website Jack, without thinking, clicks on. He jumps over to a strangely colored page filled with even more discussion about the Winchesters. Instead of chapters with impressive comments the new site trades in mostly pictures. The few written posts were similar to the comments where anonymous strangers spat at each other over who was right and wrong. Why that mattered Jack had no idea since nearly everything he's read from these 'fans' is untrue. Jack frowns at how crude one of the people acted, writing very meanly about the person who responded last. “That’s not very nice.”
Cas tensed, too aware of the incriminating joint waiting in his shirt pocket. If he ran, they would know he had it. And if he stood his ground… His options were bleak, and the more seconds Father Time whacked away the more sweat dripped down his neck.
Ted pushes off of the desk, good mood deflated. He leans back against his chair with a thoughtful expression, Cas nibbling on his lip in worry. Hoping he reinforced the rope on this bridge before crossing the expansive canyon that is the topic of Dick Roman.
Their day in town felt like being in the sun after weeks of cloudy days. It lifted his spirits so much Jack wanted to have a similar outing almost immediately. But the good weather wasn’t a long reprieve, and any opportunity he saw for all four of them to do something together was rebuffed.
She glowers, hand slinking away from the other girl’s ear. “Cas,” she hisses, “not now. I’m kinda busy –“
Andy squints, lips wrinkling in displeasure. “Whoa… that’s harsh. Are you seriously unhappy? Wouldn’t have guessed it, myself.”
Castiel startles, eyeing Dean with a worrying gaze. “What?” he asks, “Were you sick? Did something come up?”
As they swam back to where they were, Castiel made note of the wonder etched across Dean’s face. How easily he could forget that Dean hadn’t always been a merman, and simple occurrences were anything
Her hand stayed on the knife’s handle as she kept turned away from Dean, her spine rigid and ready to snap at the first scrape of the stool. All she heard was a low exhale of a man with a lax grip on his sanity and some rustling.
. Because
“You’ve been given a wonderful gift, Dean. The gift called life. Gone are the oppressive forces steering your judgement. Controlling how you grow.” Adam’s voice rises, passion seeping into his skin. Mixing with the oils, providing a euphoric numbness. “Now is when you should slash through those bindings and grow into the person you were always meant to be!”
“Sam, feelings are
Dean huffs, rolling his eyes. He doesn’t press further, taking in their surroundings. Façade fading as they near the house, weaving through milling crowds outside it. Cas bets there are more people here than there are who live in Mar Del Vista. “This is insane,” he growls, shoulder-checked by a rowdy teen rushing past, curls bouncing. “How are all these people allowed to
“You weren’t always.”
Luckily, someone nearby clears their throat. Cooling them. Dean retreats towards his shoes, grabbing them off the counter this time. Trading them for the file. He claims the recently empty couch, Claire and Kaia uncomfortably fidgeting near the door. “Hey,” Claire starts, hooking her thumb behind her, “we’re gonna dip… someone’s gotta be going my way, right?”
Cas’s face shines uninterrupted, clearly, like the sun. There even as everything else fades. In the safety of his mind, where the Empty can’t steal him. In the safety of his heart, that Chuck can’t control. In his hands, wearing Cas’s blood like a badge of honor and pride.
“Because you’re fucking
Where words fail, Dean’s actions act as a substitute. He shrugs free from his jacket, one arm at a time, refusing to let go of Cas. Dean drops his jacket to the side, overshirt joining it as he slides that off, too. He unloops his belt, buckle hitting the piled fabric with a soft thwack. Dean steps on his laces, unlooping them without using his hands and kicking his boots far into the field. His socks find their way onto the growing heap of Dean’s clothes, followed by Dean’s t-shirt, jeans and boxer briefs. Finally unburdened of his clothes, Dean breathes deeply, then sinks to his knees.
“Well the flow of information is tiny where I live, what with how so much is kept under wraps I am not surprised the success of Zymcka’s Frozen Home Meals is not more known.” Cas squeezes the file in his lap, transitioning into the real reason for his visit. “And it applies both ways. I did not understand real power of American investment until I read article by company founder – Dick Roman.” Ted’s face shuddered briefly at the name, Cas smiling despite himself. “Is he here? I would very much like to get his signature. My wife, she will be very impressed!”
Soon, Dean reached a nearby town. The greenery became sparser, leaves and wood replaced by buildings and city blocks and lampposts and streetlights. He hit his first light, a blip of red flashing for attention. Thoughtlessly, Dean flattened his foot against the brake; Baby’s tires squealing as she fought momentum. Dean knocked against his dashboard from the force, falling back only after his car fully stopped. He couldn’t see the streetlight dangling above. Dean knew he sat over the line, his Baby’s hood hanging in the intersection, asking for an accident.
I know it seemed like I was being dramatic when I said that updates will come as they please, but as you can see between my last chapter and this chapter there was a lot of time that passed lol.
He slides off the table, glancing from Adam to the exit. Wonders if he can sprint fast enough, snatch his clothes, and jump into his Baby. Put Santa Fe in his rearview, even if it meant leaving Cas. Finding a new path home would serve him right, abandoning Dean immediately for Serafina. Former and current angel leaving for lunch, catching up after millennia apart. Dean stuck with Adam. Biding time, making awkward small talk; listening as he rambled on about differing memories patchworked together while he played hopscotch through his timeline. So bored and confused he didn’t realize what Adam offered until he locked the bathroom door behind Dean, instructions rattling around in his head. Towel in his arms instead of around his waist.
Her fingers curl around his collar, dragging him onto his knees. “Well stop being so distracting, and I’ll help.” She loosens his tie further. Slips it off his neck and shimmies the blue fabric up around his head. Pulls tight, turning it into a makeshift bandana. “Better,” Meg sighs, pulling stray locks out of the chokehold.
“No.” The man from her right speaks out, arms folded. Expression wholly different from the woman’s despite the identical outfits. Jeans, black turtlenecks, and a beret. “Why don’t you see yourself –“
“Who says I
Exhausted, knuckles as bloody as his knee, Dean collapsed near the stacked crates and leaning pallets.
Calvin takes the rejection horridly. Shoves Cas off, muttering, “Motherfucker…” Cas leans on a nearby wall while the other man collects his clothes – threadbare jeans he angrily hops into and a tight t-shirt with holes along the collar. Boots in hand and jacket on his arm, Calvin spares Cas any further theatrics by leaving. Front door slamming a small comfort.
– deserves it. Ungrateful sacks of filth and – and
“Dean? What are… what are you trying to imply?”
. They aren’t
“I wanted to read,” Sam repeats, “Reading makes me happy and… I don’t know. Somehow the library didn’t feel as scary as it did before. I used to love being in here… why should I let Michael take that away from me after everything else? He’s gone…” Sam grabs a book, smiling. “This looks interesting.”
In an unsettling moment of clarity, Dean’s nerves return. Like the fog of drugs lifted briefly, alerting him to the gravity of his admittance. “No,” he sighs, collapsing on the bed, “I’ve never done it.”
Charles whistles for his troops to gather, returning to his chariot. With one final parting look, he and everyone leaves until Dean and Castiel are alone once more.
“Really…” Castiel skims through tens of emotions Dean cannot discern with his vodka-addled brain. He settles on detachment, the tightness within his chest loosening as Cas inches backwards. Dean, instinctively, floats closer. That strain returns tenfold, like a python coiled itself around Dean. Squeezes him until Castiel bumps into a patron, bringing their chests flush together. Dean likes it even if he cannot breathe. Castiel smiles, but it’s noticeably different than those previously gifted. “If you’re straight, why are you at a gay bar?”
Cas’s eyes roll in his head, the collection of toys and lingerie blurring together like a montage during their journey. “I would think that’s unnecessary given your stock.” He growls the last word while tugging on a leather whip end. She laughs again. Recovered from the attack on his sense of smell, Cas glides towards her. Drinks her in with the few steps, as much as he can. Her wavy brunette hair cascades like a waterfall around her tanned face. She smiles with deadly intent, a stark contrast with how she flutters her eyelashes. Distracting, hiding the predator waiting underneath. Cas especially commits her uniform to memory, the neckline accentuating perky assets. Helps her nametag be less discreet, too.
Early morning sunlight streams through half-closed motel window blinds, striking Dean directly on his face. Stir him from unconsciousness, shuffling Dean out of his dreams. Warm blue and familiar stubble replaced with an ugly, orange patterned wallpaper that makes his stomach unhappily flip. Groaning, he turns. Hopes he can reclaim his quickly fading fantasy. It escapes his grasp, Dean left in the loneliness of reality.
do!” Dean yells, fury renewed. “Always going out of your way to go
Walking from where he left Kelly, he slides into his chair and lounges with feet up on the desk. Grabs for his phone and dials a number, overpowering his dread with repeated mantras of how ‘it’s for the greater good’. Mumbles them until the dial tone breaks and an echo answers, “Hello?”
Claire scoffs. “For once, they weren’t exaggerating –“
Cas walks out of Ted Gaines’s office alone, with a pop in his step; subtly pumping the fist in celebration. He had a name! It was broad, confusing, and said nothing about the organization using it, but Cas knew it would not take long for any of that to come to light. Cas tips an imaginary hat when passing the front desk, whistling some Morrison on the way down the elevator.
stored in the barrel of his mouth, unfired, conscious of how it will be received in the moment – “gonna shut him up for a while, s’all…” Dean punctuated his claim by grabbing the baby,
“Funny,” Cas chuckles, “sounded like you were still on the fence about our interview?”
“Cas…”
Everyone else fled by that point, like animals escaping from a natural disaster. Instinct guiding them away as this was not the first time Cas and Ishim clashed.
“Pretty useless for a Peeping Tom to peep when no one’s around,” a whiskey-rich voice chuckles from behind, “or are you practicing for when you make your big debut?” Cas scowls, achingly familiar with that out-of-place midwestern twang. Held onto with a trademarked stubbornness.
my father.” He nearly breaks character, watching how the light in Dean’s eyes flickered before being snuffed. Lucifer regains composure, growling his next words. “You understand this, then? What it means?”
“Why not join the force?”
Yesterday
Dressed, she shuffled back towards Dean. He moved from the kitchen since Mia left, sitting on one of her sofas in the living room. Dean didn’t flinch when she stepped on a loose floorboard, though its creaking startled her enough to make a tiny gasp. Dean’s focus lingered on his lap, held there with grit and determination if his trembling shoulders were any indication.
event every week, we’d have feds and racists breathing down our necks. They’ve already done enough damage to our cause, hurt a lot of good men and women…” She reaches back, adjusting the hair tie keeping her ponytail in check. “Panthers might be on the downswing, but we aren’t gone yet.”
Tracy catches on quickly. “No, I never met the man,” she tells him, “I only started working here six months ago.”
Dean and he lock eyes, all breath vacuumed out his lungs.
“Fuck you,” he spits, spinning on his heel.
Dean’s shouting drags him onto his level, the tranquil façade fading. Clouds greying, a storm arriving in his features. Age showing by the lines sliced into his face. “He is… but he also isn’t. Your brother’s just one little cog on a larger machine, man. Doing what he’s being told. Creeps like this Edlund bastard, they prey on whatever weakness they find and have other people do what they want because controlling others… taking away their free will… it’s the only way they can get their kicks.”
. Making me look like a
“Now, now,” Cas intervenes, arms spread wide between them. Preventive, in case these chihuahuas decide yipping won’t cut it. “Quit making me be the responsible one, it throws off our entire dynamic.” Then, after making sure Claire’s white flag waved high and proud, he turned on Dean. “Hey,” he whispers, inching closer, “are you okay?”
“Claire -!” She frolics before he can stop her, shrinking out of sight. He moves to follow her but finds himself stuck. Glancing at his right hand, still clutching onto Dean’s wrist, he sees that at some point Dean snaked his fingers around Cas’s. His mouth suddenly dry, Cas tries swallowing around the lump in his throat. “Dean,” he whispers, “what are –“
friends.”
“Well there are chariots,” Castiel tells him, “drawn by seahorses… is that like a car?”
“He didn’t happen to mention
He won’t. Not if he says he doesn’t. Not if he says he isn’t.
He shuffled towards her, Mia flinching as he did. The knife perked at her side. “Sorry,” he said, both hands rising to greet her. His open, empty palms soothed her somewhat, and weakened her hold on the knife, it wilting into her skirt. “I didn’t come here for a fight.”
They might have died.
on how you should live your life?”
card later, as well. The one he wrote using all the words Dean was too afraid to say at the altar. Little details about the way Cas hogs all the blankets when he sleeps, and how his eyes crinkle when he smiles, and that Cas’s hugs chase away dark thoughts better than any drink might’ve. There were also bigger things he mentioned, in this card. About Cas and his unwavering faith in Dean, even at times where he didn’t deserve it. About the despair that bloomed whenever Cas left his side, a bouquet of horrid, wilted roses growing rampantly over his heart and piercing it with their thorns during those awful times it seemed their last goodbye truly
They could be lost in the personas Jack crafted for them. The test, what was meant to solve his problems, could have caused more than he realized. There were noticeable changes in his family every time he wrote, but there's no reason why the outlandish choices Jack made will have long-lasting effects. And if the 'crack' he wrote did seriously change his fathers, then Jack would have to try again with a 'fix-it' story. Taking away more of their freedom.
“I figured they would be nice to have in my room,” he said, “Looking around I really don’t have anything that makes it different from other unused rooms… I want to change that.”
“Guy didn’t ask for that, only the standard package. Enough that you can get the general sense of what happened without rubbing salt in the wound.”
His comment struck at a weak point, knocking Dean off-rhythm. Dean let his guard slip for a second, enough for Cas to see a flicker of anxiety explode behind his eyes like a firework dud. “I was in the area,” Dean argues, tripping over his tongue, “not that I need to justify myself to you –“
Jack, a little terrified by their passion, hoped he could find some camaraderie with Sam. He offered none. Sam watched them make out with a fond smile on his face. He shook his head, chuckling, “About damn time…”
Needing a distraction, Jack leaves the kitchen with his laptop and sets up in the main room. Netflix is a few clicks away, and a movie begins playing. Slouching in his chair, Jack begins to whittle away the time.
“They’re kids,” Dean waves off Cas’s question, “All they wanted were the heads of this organization. Since Sam could probably be counted as part of that Prophet guy’s inner circle, I knew the target was on his back.”
Dean frowned at him, “I thought you didn’t have to
Dean darts a fearful gaze at the ocean, swallowing past a shell in his throat. “You sure?” he asks, “Couldn’t we just tread water up here under the sun?”
Cas hums. “Sounds like a difficult task. And they haven’t considered you for a promotion yet?”
Pamela pouts, disengaging. “Bummer,” she says, pushing away from the counter. Switches into a more professional mask. “Figured you for a good time with how you swaggered in.”
Cas shakes his head, walking away. Hears her close the door when he starts down the stairs. With each step Cas feels the pressure of the case weighing heavier and heavier on his shoulders. By the time he crosses the street to his car, Cas waddles. Careful he doesn’t upset the balance and wind up like a tortoise on its back. He reaches his car, tossing his clothes through the open window.
“Know him?” Cas laughed, “I had him years ago! Man was a genius –“
“No one,” Cas declares, lock clicking in time with his words, “because it’s
“No, not about that.” He turns to his friend, the taller’s cool glare never breaking from Cas. “We do have a few questions that we hope might… shed a light on ongoing investigations. From what Detective Winchester told us, you’re
. Like magic fingers.”
Dean hurries to catch up. “So,” he starts, “back then you looked kinda…
An olive branch with no thorns waiting? Cas felt suspicion rising in his chest, although one glimpse of the officer’s friendly demeanor and his guard slowly lowers. The further he trails his gaze over his body, more armor shucks itself from Cas’s defenses. His uniform highlights the muscles hidden underneath, but he finds his focus drawn towards the man’s face again. Living in the city for most his life, Cas never saw much of stars. The freckles dotting his skin were an adequate substitute. How did he not notice him until now? “Yeah, that should work…” Cas reads the name on his badge, brows arching. “Winchester? Were you born for this job?”
Cas gropes around his pockets for loose change. He cannot even afford a condom. “Really?” he asks, “I figured I’d be paying in other ways?”
Crowley spluttered, choking on his inhale. He cursed while waving at the smoky coughs bursting out of his chest. “Bloody – Castiel? What are you doing here?”
Sam honks, watching with interest. A thousand questions waiting, hidden by the curious bend of his brows. Because of Castiel, Dean must face them. Will answer them. Is ready for them.
“One moment, sir.” He stabs at the phone to his right with careful precision, picking up the handset only when the final number was hit. Cas hears it ring and squeezes his wheel, foot tapping on the pedal. “Hello, yes?” the guard says, “Mrs. Roman, there’s a man here for you. His name?” He hides the receiver against his shirt, “What did you say your name was?”
Sam looks at them only in mild amusement. “Get a room!” he shouts between bites of bacon.
Dean’s knees bend, and he jerks his thumb while rolling his hips. “Well?” he asks, “are you gonna dance or what?”
This room is much larger, with signs of life. And judging by where carped fades into tile, there’s another bathroom here. However, that becomes less important the more Cas studies Dean’s suite.
Cas pounces, “Before he what?”
Charles swings his trident close to Dean, spurring Castiel into action. He swims over to them, only to be blocked by a wall of guards. Two grab him by the arms, leaving him struggling for freedom.
If startled, she doesn’t let is show past her amusement. “No,” she says, “but I would have put it another way.”
Somehow, an endless cycle of near-death experiences made things simpler. Being trapped in a never-ending story meant exactly that. They would live forever. Exist in the unknown, remain unchanged.
Dean nodded, biting his lip. Clearly thinking on what he should say. “So,” he began, pointing at Cas with his smoldering cigarette, “you’re some kind of detective, then?”
,” Dean shouted at him, “
“Hmm?”
Instead, Dean embraced him. He watched the smoke of his angel’s body drift upwards, Cas leaving him for good, forever, and rested his chin against the small, soft head of Cas’s destroyer.
Cas advances, crawling on the hardwood floor and shag carpeting. “Eastern European businessman looking to invest in the American market.”
While exiting his car, slamming the door with more force than necessary, he catches a curious homebody spying through a nearby window. He waves and the curtains flutter closed. He doubts she will pose a problem. When Cas realized where Mrs. Roman lived, he knew showing up as he normally looked would lead to trouble.
“Last night,” he continues, “Invited me over to do just that. Once we didn’t have no more of the stuff you got a little frisky.” A memory of a smile ghosts across his face, arms slipping around Cas’s shoulder. Playfully tousling his greasy hair. “Said you could put your mouth to better use than sucking on some ash.”
“Pirate… ship?”
Cas feels a rippling heat spread from his stomach, of a long-buried emotion reviving. A jolt of embarrassment ricochets around, forcing Cas’s attention from the girls to Dean, detective suddenly bashful as well, and then on a stain on his ceiling. An odd shape he cannot remember. Thinks over possible causes until the monster traipsing through his nerves slumbers again. By then, both Kaia and Claire watch him with heightened interest.
He glances up from his story, frowning. “...Reading?”
the same way a fire helps a struggling business. Burn it all away, start over on
they would do worse than kick me out… please, why can’t you even consider –“
, without worrying if Dean is steadily killing his liver at the bar because of them.
Dean’s brows furrow, “What about your dad?”
“Explained why he was such a good student, too,” she continues, smiling. “Growing up he showed an aptitude for classwork… reports always came home with A’s and glowing remarks from his teachers. Volunteering his time when he could to help students who didn’t understand the material or clean up after his classmates when he could have been at recess.” The shiny memories must fade, because the beatific expression droops in sorrow. “But then high school… something changed like a – like a flip was switched. Somewhere in his junior year his grades started slipping. His involvement in extracurriculars stopped, too – Jack’s coach on the track team called me up, that was how I found out. That Jack left the team and started skipping classes, too. I thought he was only going through a phase, you know. New music, new clothes – it was around the time they let this other girl go at work, and I was tasked with picking up the slack until they found a replacement. I know that’s no excuse but… my mind was on other things and I trusted that Jack would have… would take care of himself.” She laughs, a pitiful thing. Collects a tear on her palm, “He always seemed to be his own parent, and I… I forgot. What a stupid thing to do.”
He doesn’t let go.
“Exactly!”
Claire parks in front of his apartment, turning the engine off. She glances in the backseat, worrying her lip. “Cas,” she whispers, fiddling with the keys, “what’ve you gotten into this time?”
“I hate you so much.”
of his very being, Cas stands. “You want to know what happened?” he says, seething, “I finally saw what was important. Grand battles, ultimate power… they’re all meaningless if you are alone.
Cas grabs his wrist, stopping him. “No, Dean,” he says, “there’s no time!” He drags Dean out, ignoring all Dean’s squawked protests. Orville’s voice echoing, phone abandoned in their haste. “We have to drive like
He stands, fingers laced together on the jar’s surface. Dean bows his head, looking past the hole and at the remnants of his best friend, and is suddenly struck with the need to speak. He tries but can’t utter a single syllable. Those words stay stuck in his throat, colliding into each other; prevented from becoming
,” Sam growls, “That… he must have…” Spinning around the room, he searches for his brother. “Where is he?”
“So, he’s engaged…” The statement makes his stomach flip, like caught in a bad trip. Cas blames it on the fear painting Dean’s expression. While annoyed with the man, Cas cannot control the reigns of his sympathy. It runs wild and free on the plains of his spirit.
“What about –“
He rests the amulet back against his chest. Dean considers Castiel’s offer, obvious by the pout of his lips and arch of his brow. Castiel smoothens his face into pure charity, showing Dean there is no ill will in his intentions.
Cas digests her speech, the words knocking around in his stomach like rotten fish. Bile threateningly rises up his throat. He accepts the paper. Strokes the tattered edges from where Jack must have ripped part of it off and then sets it on his desk. “Okay.”
Dean squints, dragging his gaze across it. When he spies a ragged, black piece of seaweed drifting with the tide, his hold on Castiel’s wrist becomes too tight. “Awesome!” he cries, “So cool like, seriously –“
He leans on the wall of the fourth floor, standing by the stairs. Gasping, exhausted from his hike. Cas scrambled over steps, on all fours, wilder the longer Dean evades him. Although, with this level, he finds his anxiety lessening. Maybe because the music below cannot reach this high, or battles between darkness and the pulsing lightshow hadn’t twisted his surroundings. Everything looks normal, from what he can tell. Even the guests, who are engaging in thoughtful conversation. Not at all the zombies that hid around every corner.
for a
“It’s not okay, Dean. Fuck!” His shout echoes towards the moon, filling the space left by clear California night. “What if I asked you while you were driving, we could have…”
“It was only dope,” he says, “but I bet there was something else, too. Dope don’t make you act all gooey, like they were. Like, uh…” Rufus stumbles over the next few words. He searches for another cigarette, sticks it in his mouth. Nothing else is done to it. Cas waits, unsure how he should continue. What he’s already been told was not enough. If he scratches too hard at the surface, Rufus might leave him with nothing but that first crushed stick. Luckily Rufus overcomes his block. “When you were at this meeting,” Rufus rolls the cigarette between his fingers now, “did you happen t’meet a man named Gordon?”
Sonny shook his head, frowning. “No, that’s been brewing for a while… she’s been acting sort of odd since the professor asked her to stay behind one day after a late lecture let out.” He grabs for his bag, too, “I should probably go after her or she’ll be more pissed, and there goes the sex…”
Sifting through the paperwork, Cas whistled. “This is a heavy sell… and you’re sure it will get me inside?”
“Me? Why’re you blaming me?”
He tucks the flower behind his ear; carries on towards the front door. Cas knocks three times in quick succession. Glancing at the driveway, he sees a lone, beige sedan with its paint peeling in places. It shouldn’t be too long, then.
“That you’ve already had to spend six months here.”
“What?” Dean scoffs, intent of continuing the game, “Finally thinking about trimming the mop on your head? I guess I can give you my barber’s name…”
“You’ve gotten other massages before?”
people inside. He’s still surprised as they pass the threshold, the milling bodies in this first room alone giving him pause.
Brusque, but thankfully Claire doesn’t focus on it. Too busy giving him information, and an ultimatum. Already at his limit after dealing with Dean, he pinches his brow. Sighing, Cas agrees to her terms and hangs up.
Cas chuckles, “Good things
“And the cop?”
Sam shrugs, “I might have… over-examined that memory of Trevor.” Sighing, Sam kicks an empty, abandoned can into the street. “I guess I was searching for a reason why Jess and my relationship ended like it did. We were going so strong I… I figured it might have been me. That I wasn’t able to love her the way she needed because I
Her expression falls, and Kaia shakes her head. “We never really left after that except to go to parties. When we did, we’d clamber into the backs of vans. Only people Carver trusted the most would drive. All I can tell you is it’s in the woods somewhere, trees as far as the eye can see.”
“And?”
“Dying so far away from their homes,” he whispers, “far from the land that they know and lying in a grave of an unknowable ocean.” Castiel finds Dean’s worried stare and asks him. “What makes someone want to journey so far away from what they know?”
, and the
“Dean,” Cas touches his chest, surprisingly serious. Very invested in what the answer of his question is. “You’ve never had sex with anyone? You’re a virgin?”
Dean shrugs. “Seaweed? I never really… I figured you wouldn’t eat the fish because they’re your friends and everything! Ariel had Flounder… Aquaman could talk to fish…”
that kind of stuff in your culture? Merpeople of the same gender being…
job.”
Cas smoothed the lines of his tie-dyed shirt, huffing. “Not about that,” he said, “man taking a forever nap owed me money.”
I was good. I already was the kind of person I thought seemed impossible. I couldn’t believe it. What’s stranger… I didn’t
It’s going to be a slow morning. Dean doubts Sam will swing by before noon, meaning he has hours to kill. First, he leisurely showers. Scrubs at his scalp with gentle scratches, humming Zeppelin under his breath. Keening ‘A Whole Lotta Love’s chorus, coming into his hand. Lets that melody fade while water makes his come sluice off his hand, into the drain. He switches tracks, dries himself while softly singing ‘Going to California’. Thinks about their next destination. All those beaches he and Sam plan on visiting. Finally making good on their promise.
She pauses, stunned. Finally, the curtain of hair blocking her face parts and reveals the woman’s wide brown eyes and rosy cheeks. “Yes,” she says, “I am… how did you –“
“So…” Andy says, “what do you want to do now?”
Raphael to restart the apocalypse?”
Sam mirrored the confusion noticeably present in Jack’s features. “Dean, why are you taking this so personally?”
well.” Cas kicks off Bobby’s boots, sinking into his couch. Resting his feet on the cluttered coffee table, he takes a drag from his latest joint. “So, you just gonna
“Yes, like Spiderman.”
The soldiers might intimidate Dean, but Castiel has seen his father pull even grander stunts in his pursuit of striking fear. At least the soundtrack was decided against, Castiel unsure if he could maintain a straight face if the thundering drum beats accompanied his father’s measured swims. It wouldn’t have helped him any given the stern look slashed across Charles’s face.
“I have to,” Castiel says, “Closing ourselves off from the world isn’t working. Closing ourselves off from – from
Cas stepped onto the grass, closing the door as Dean rounded the hood. Their audience barely paid them mind since arriving. Giggling like mad, crawling deeper into their van. He tucks his keys away, jogging after Dean. The other man striding forward without waiting for Cas.
Claire snorts, biting back a retort Cas bets is similar to his. How, by attending this party, Dean guarantees he’ll end the night less pure than started. But he’s a big boy. Dean can handle some second-hand smoke.
Another smirk appears on his lips. “I only have the one pair,” he kicked his foot out, displaying the left sandal, “and
Driving back into Mar del Vista yesterday, Cas bypassed his home. Instead he navigated the sparse streets towards where the peaceful waters of his sedate community overlapped with choppy waves of darker seas. Parked across from a squat building with bars on the windows under a shady tree. Cas pocketed his keys and continued forward. Climbed the steps, blindly pressing a button from the row and waiting for a responsive buzz.
“You don’t know
“Actually, I do,” Kelly admits, grimacing, “My neighbors told me what happened when I got home. And then they called me, the
Kelly then describes the fallout of her discovery. Whacking at Nick’s chest until she broke down crying in his arms, admitting the untimely fact of her pregnancy. Nick, like most cheaters when hearing that word, rapidly fired through four of the five stages of grief. Stuck on bartering as he shoved money into Kelly’s hands, telling her of a doctor he knew that could fix their problem within a few days. “My parents already know about the baby,” she argued, “if they ever found out I did
With Sam and Jack advancing, Dean crams the rest of his emotions down. Puts on a brave face. What he sees in his rearview isn’t anything like that. Trembling lips. Red, blotchy skin. Wide eyes that look more haunted than an average, Midwestern home. It’s better than how he appeared earlier. And since they’re already here, he
Cas understood her message with a rapidness many of his own teachers wished he had back in school. Retreating from the building, he wiped the chalkboard and began anew. He strode the campus until a new plan formed, aided by seeing the John F. Kennedy Memorial library.
Dean, jolted from his memories, quickly remembers where he was. He arches a stern brow at Cas, mouth thinning into a harsh line as he pockets the amulet. Detective Winchester returns. “I
Fitzgerald smiles and tosses the ruined cup into a nearby trash bin. “Sure, I know where Winchester’s desk is. What you’ll want to do is…”
Her face slips back into disgusted indifference. “If you’re done,” she hisses, “may I please get on with why I’m really here. If all you’re going to do is waste my time than I can easily go talk with the police.”
“No more than I usually do,” Sam told Dean, “But that’s never bothered you before?”
Dean turns. Instead of a thin, linen shirt, there’s a starched white button-down. Blue tie where he expected a scarf and chunky necklace. Dark hair with touches of gray, and blue eyes rimmed red with tears. “Cas…”
Chuck continues, angrier by the second. “You would have stayed there too, this time. Dean, Dean
“Time and a place, Andy,” he says, revealing the hidden files and placing them on his lap. “Like, when I’m
“Father, no!” Castiel pales, obvious to him where his father’s reasoning is taking him.
“Hannah,” Charles glances at his friend, her posture bent and apologetic, “Saw you leaving with your…
While idling at a red light, Cas rubs at the amulet. “Sure can ward off bad vibes when you want to,” he grumbles, “but this dark cloud hanging overhead might be too much for you.”
That earns him a whimpered snarl, “You wouldn’t.”
Condescension splatters across Cas’s face with a great deal of force. Cas wipes it off with practice, hardened against such messes. He searches for a response within his catalogue, filling the silence with a pointed stare that Dean volleys back, matching its heat.
A couple were sitting under a storm cloud as their discussion turned into an argument. Feigning disinterest, Cas listened while passing them. The one making a fuss, a tiny white girl with blunt bangs and a colorful shift dress, stomped in her Mary Janes while practically yelling, “Fucking Pellegrino can take his exam and shove it up his puckered asshole!”
Sam paused, temple creasing from the sudden onset of a migraine. He closed his eyes, grip tightening on the unstained button-down in his hands. “A maybe…” he repeated, quieter, “then you’re not sure?”
“Aha what?”
“Have you considered that instead of happiness,” Mia says, “what you’re feeling is closure?”
Dean doesn’t dawdle. “I want to lay here,” he says, “Lay here the whole day, in your arms, telling you how much I love you.”
“How you described your life above I… I find myself relating,” Castiel says, “There are times where I feel trapped by my circumstances, bound by a duty that I had never asked for… keeping me from pursuing what I truly want.”
Now, hearing about Dean’s ‘hunch’, Sam ground his teeth and refrained from speaking his mind. He told himself that this case, Dean’s attitude, was part of the healing process. Some point down the line, Dean will be in a better place where he wouldn’t have to handle his brother with kid gloves. Only days have passed since they lost their mom, an ally, a virtual stranger, and their best friend. If Sam applied pressure too fast, too hard, he might crack Dean’s already fractured well-being into a larger mess where there’d be no hope of repairing. He shouldn’t take any unnecessary risks with his brother’s well-being.
about where he
.” He pulls at his necktie, loosening it further. Sweat stains the collar of his shirt. “Looking out for people is supposed to be
“Probably smudges from your dirty hands,” Jimmy says, snatching the picture from Cas. He sets it back on the table, glaring at him and then to the side. Where Dean hovers by the still open door, looking small. “I thought I told you to stop bringing
“About my missing boy.”
grow, and change, that I lose parts of myself. Lose my family, because they don’t like who I’ve become?”
He wasted little time firing two bullets into Buddy’s chest, adding a third for good measure between the eyes.
Sam cringed at his worst-case scenario but hadn’t shrugged his hand off. Instead he returned the gesture with his own comforting touch around Dean’s wrist. “Okay,” Sam said, “you can come. Don’t embarrass me though, by being an ass.”
“A card?” Cas asks, flipping the envelope back and forth, “Dean… you didn’t have to get me anything.”
“Perfect,” Cas leans back, saluting and blowing him a kiss, Pierce grumbling a few curses while retaking his sandwich with ruddy knuckles. Cas grins, “Thanks, Pierce.”
“Anyway, we hadn’t spoken since his last crazy stunt. I sure as hell was shocked to hear him ringing my line again, after I told him what would happen if he needed more bail. It wasn’t that though. Went on about going straight, thanking me for setting him on this path, and how he wanted to make it up to me by helping with
to his
” Dean hisses, glancing around in case they run across wandering house guests. Any of their extended family Dean stupidly invited to celebrate Christmas with them. “Seriously Cas, why wouldn’t you let me put clothes on? It’s December, it’ll be
“Yes, and unfortunately I’m the youngest out of all of them.” He crosses his arms, lazily flipping his fins. “The last egg laid before our mother…”
“Thanks for the offer, Serg,” Cas says, “but I’m really digging the energy
Dean’s trauma reminded Mia of her first shift, of skin strips peeled slowly one by one, left in a pile of blood and pus. She wiped her own teary gaze, clearing her throat. “Dean –“
“His name,” he cuts her off, “what was his name?”
At his car, he feels a light brush across his toes as he steps down. Picking his foot up, Cas spots the incredibly damaged flower from earlier. Cas bows and collects the flower, squinting at it. Adam and God, interrupted earlier, finally touch while Cas utters a short gasp. “A carnation.”
He cuts him off with a kiss, startling him. Castiel couldn’t hold himself at bay any longer; Dean’s touch electrifying like an eels’. Knowing that this would be the last they will ever see of each other was one thing. In the moment, his emotions stirred and boiled until they explode, and Castiel needed to tell Dean all he feels. Words wouldn’t do it justice, without the amulet. They break, Castiel gasping for no reason other than from the exhaustion of this moment. His body years to cling to Dean like an octopus. He lets go, however, to let him be free.
There is one. Not what he thought, nor hoped.
What catches his interest first is her dress. With a hemline at the knee and a starched collar, she oozes a conservatism not often found on these streets. By the perfect flip of her hair and how squeaky-clean her penny loafers looked Cas would wager she found her way here from somewhere else. And by the shifty look in her eye, and the way her knuckles whiten further while holding her purse, the woman never would have come here if she had a choice. Which meant she needed something. Since she stands under the awning of the first-floor dry cleaners and not inside the store asking Mr. Kim about her husband’s suits or a wine-stained blouse, Cas has an idea on who that might be.
“Do I gotta spell it out for ya? You’re the damn snack, Cas.”
He doesn’t know why he lit the joint. He can’t explain why, when he caught sight of the dealer half-hidden by gas station shadows, palming a dime bag into their buyer’s hand with a jerky handshake, Dean diverted from his path back to Baby. He didn’t remember flashing his fake badge or barking at the pair to face the wall and place their hands on the wall behind them, but he must have because he stood there, watching panic briefly flitting across their faces, eyes screaming for them to flee and legs that refused to listen, before complying. Dean pushed a plastic bag stuffed with jerky and candy and energy drinks he bought up his arm, then, freeing his hands to search their pockets. He stole their weed – evidence, he gruffly explained – and set them loose with a vague warning. Dean’s latest acquisition joined his other purchases, tucked safely inside. He continued on with his mission, climbing into Baby and driving the rest of the way towards his destination. These events replayed in the smoke off his first drag, joint dangling from Dean’s limp fingers. He still doesn’t know why he lit it.
“That’s true.” Adam pinches Dean’s lower back, at the dip right where his ass curves from beneath the towel. Electricity jolts along his nerves, up his spine, and makes Dean bite his lip. “Then let’s say my
“I’m nothing too special, Cas,” Dean chuckles, “There’re a thousand of me…”
Cas hummed in sympathy, “Because where else can they smell the sea air and feel proud for dislocating a group of people.”
Cas flicks Mick’s badge, chuckling. “No foolin’? I always wondered what the ‘B’ stood for… most folks told me it meant ‘Boobies’, didn’t think it’d be for ‘British’.”
“Dean, I know you’re not dumb so stop acting like it.” He bows from Cas’s wounding hit, shame hanging from his neck. “Every two-bit pig has been waiting for a moment like this ever since they took Manson down. Living out fantasies at the price of some poor, misguided children. And what will happen? They’ll get praised as heroes.”
But today he found his father during a lull. Castiel sits in the library with a book open in front of him. Although for how heavily he stares into it Jack doubts Castiel reads it. His slouch, unnatural heavy eye bags, and tapping finger communicates clearly how his mind is focused on other things.
Dean knows there’s no reason to turn from Blue Eyes. Temptation wins, and he chances a peek at the loser. Roidy fumes, his sneer somehow making him appear uglier. He wipes at his brow, disrupting those few, sticky strands, and reveals covered pockmarks. They appear horn-like, in the bar’s dim lighting. That cherry-and-liquor scent sours, suddenly pungent like rotten eggs. “Whatever,” he mutters, letting Blue Eyes go, “your boyfriend’s a fucking tease.”
“Well we both would rather I leave and never see you again,” he tells the professor, “but I can’t do that until you cough up the truth. Otherwise, you might as well get comfy because I’m sure you paid the front desk for a
.” Cas scans the area, checking for any eavesdroppers. “Take a breather, man. You go in hot like that, people’ll think you’re on a bad trip. And no one’s chatty with
“Okay,” Cas said, “we’ll go visit them.”
“Forgive me, Dean, but when the most gorgeous man in the entire universe is in my arms –
have a collection of pictures better suited for Playboy.”
“He doesn’t,” the angrier of the two growls, “We’re as American as anyone else. Probably more so.”
“What?” he says, “No, Meg – it’s
“Not – not really,” Dean tells him, “I mean, this is
Like Cas, Andy leaves his door unlocked. This morning it’s not only unlocked but also slightly ajar. Knocking a formality at that point, Cas pokes his head in. Any ballooning worry deflates when he spots the younger man asleep on the floor, bent at the sofa with his legs on its cushions and a greasy pizza box in his arms. Cas rolls his eyes, “Andy!” Unsuccessful, he crosses the threshold and kicks his friend’s ass.
“Fine by me.” Cas closes his eyes, inhaling more smoke. Relaxing with its aid, the effect quickly overtaking him. Melts the tension hidden in pockets around his body; ferrets out the bad vibes, replacing them with more peaceful energies. A piece of negativity continually annoys him, shrapnel of it stuck near his heart. When he opens his eyes, Cas finds Dean staring. Different from his others, green clouded and hazy. An innocence lost within the fog edging through green trees. Worried, Castiel runs his hand across the scraggly expanse, fingers bumping into thin leather.
Claire shrugs, “I’ve mainly been with Kaia the whole night.” Kaia, hearing her name, politely waves at him. Looking at her again, a sense of recognition tickles the back of his mind. Something about her making him feel like they’ve met some other time. It dissipates as soon as she breaks their stare, urgency reasserting itself.
“…I don’t see any problems with that.”
“Poseidon?”
I’d hardly see him alone. About the time I was readying myself to just go
That isn’t what he wants.
stuffed underneath. Bedspread a beautiful, rusted red. Twin sets of pillows, although only one side looks disturbed. Sheets ruffled halfway, as if no one slept on the other side. He considers that to be the case, as twin nightstands differ because of their use. One collected dust while the other held a row of books. Titles Cas gapes at, their appearance unexpected.
Dean made it in July. He hid it away, alongside the others, until October reared its head and reminded them of Halloween.
Dean does, too. He can finish off the weed he stole. Then, after smoking all of it, he can decide on what to do next.
So Jack showed them his first story… then his next… speeding through them until he let them read the Word document he whipped up for today.
keep me waiting Dean. Who knows
is not Lucifer!” Sam squeezed Dean’s wrist, begging for more attention. Dean’s spiteful, rigid glare burned a hole in the back of the fridge. He refused to move even an inch. “He’s a baby, and we… we kill monsters. We kill the ones who have no chance of being saved. He was just born, Dean. He had no choice in that.”
“I know how to handle the truth, Jack,” Sam says, “it is okay.” He goes to leave, pausing in front of the cabinets. “This will help,” he tells Jack, pulling a full bottle of whiskey out. “See you later, Jack.”
“As well?”
“Not even close.” She kisses him senseless, the sound of his belt being unbuckled clinking in the background. Her lips leave his, hovering over him and finishing with his belt. “I’m still having my fun.” Meg only needs one hand on his pants button, while the other helps Cas’s left arm escape both trench coat and suit jacket sleeve. His right arm comes next, and the layers become a blanket for them. She untucks his shirt, teasing the hairs over Cas’s cock. Cas, fed up with the tempo, flips Meg around. “Clarence?”
“If you get tired of that finger…” a stranger says on his right, reeking of cherry-and-liquored stink. Dean’s face scrunches at the smell. “I’ve got this
Jack watches the three of them from the entryway in a daze. They hold themselves at an ease completely foreign to him. From what Jack spies in no way does the darkness of their past cling to their spirits, instead all shucked away by this familial moment. As if none of the men have ever seen the life drain from a person's life numerous times. In this space of carved out normalcy, monsters don't exist. He observes, too curious to see where the conversation goes to move.
“Or what?” He laughed, inching away from them to where Jack was. “Y’know… I thought hunters had a little more sense than bringing babies on a hunt.” Buddy said. In response, Jack’s voice rose to a pitch that made Sam wince. “Dammit!” Buddy growled, stomping closer to Jack, crouching in front of him. Buddy shook the carrier, “Can you stop that! Can you
This kiss is apocalyptic, destroying the notion that anyone besides they two existed.
When Jack began teaming up with Cas, he pushed that job onto Jack as part of his ‘training’. Let him work in the dark room while he relaxed at his desk with some smokes and the radio on. His mastery in bringing negatives to life surpassed even his own when Cas was his age, Jack a natural with the chemicals. He knew the right mixture that highlights the guilt in their target’s eyes.
Rufus pales, like if Cas reached forward and pulled so tight on his belt circulation were cut off to his legs. Except Cas’s hands remained trapped at his sides. He gives Cas space, sucking on his cigarette. “Damn… I kept going back there, time after time. How could they sneak in right under my nose?” A long drag that makes every wheel in Cas’s head stop turning. “Or maybe they never left… and it’s just been a
Dean glances at his watch, then above to see the sun shining in a clear, blue sky.
Sorry for the delay - I meant to post this yesterday, but work piled up so I couldn't get a chance to give this a second glance. And then I figured YESTERDAY would be so crazy that it's probably best I wait -
“Some creatures we consider pets, Dean,” Castiel says, “But if we enforced such a strict diet we’d
“It’s always ending. In one way or another.” Lucifer waves his hand and a chair drags itself over. He straddles it, gazing up at Dean. “If we waited for peace to enjoy life, there’d be no time. Better to…
The amulet.
Dean slaps his face over his eyes, cursing. “With each passing moment I feel my confidence in you slipping further and further away.”
“No, you don’t get it,” Dean tells him, “
The salt-and-pepper guard rocking a broomstick mustache paired alongside a cheap tie responds with a bored stare and croaky voice. “What business are you here for?”
thing you can suck on…” His gaze wanders to where the stranger is.
Cas notes this development in his pad, squinting. “So, this newfound… conscious, that he found while in recovery, that bothered you?”
“Someone has to stay here, in case Buddy comes back,” Sam said, “besides, if he is there, just text me and I’ll find my way to you.”
? Are you still workshopping it – okay if I give you a few notes?” Lucifer pinches Dean’s cheek, poking this rabid grizzly. “At least you’ve got that face. Clearly Cas didn’t fall for your emotional
Dean’s gaze rose finding Cas’s amused expression in the mirror, partly obscured by the wide brim of his hat. It caused his amusement to smolder into something sexier and sent his stomach into a flutter. Those butterflies melted into warm gooeyness as he noticed Jack cradled in Cas’s arms, giggling happily.
. About the love Cas inspired within Dean that changed his life, from the very beginning, from the touch of Cas’s hand on his shoulder. That simple act which broke him free from Chuck’s wheel again and again and again. Dean couldn’t say any of this in a crowded room. He doubts he can with only Cas. He already cried enough for one day. So, they’ll have sex instead. After they’ve burned through the remaining fumes that linger in their tanks, Dean will present the card, curl against Cas’s side with his head tucked underneath his husband’s chin, and listen while Cas reads how much he means to Cas.
Aware of how silent the steps are as the buzzing cuts, Cas turns. Dean stands at the edge of the lawn, staring at his feet. They shift uncertainly on the greenery, testing it. “Dean,” Cas hisses, calling him, “what are you doing?”
in the middle of something.”
“No problem,” he stands, shaking her offered hand. “Thank you for the conversation.” Cole slips his hand in when Eve retracts, strangling his poor fingers. “Oh!”
Cas follows her hawkish gaze as she peers at a young, black couple walking across the street. Minding their own business, talking about nothing that concerns their little party. Her grip tightens around him. “…You don’t say?”
Castiel searches below, eyes darting around until he spots what he needs. “Follow me.” He moves without hearing Dean’s answer, trusting the other to follow him.
Kelly’s backyard looked plain. More grass, an old tree with an unused tire swing swaying in the breeze, and a patio set that’s been through hell. Cas passes by all of this, more interested on the back-screen door. He jimmies the handle, lips curling when it slides open. Smoother than a hit after a long day working.
“Well –“
“Sure, Crowley…” He stopped believing that threat ages ago, waving it off like smoke; retreated to his car and, ultimately, home.
“Come on, Cas. You love messing with officers!”
Meg hums from deep in her chest. “You know your accents do something crazy to me, Clarence.”
Claire opens her door, scoffing. “Don’t wait up, Uncle Cas!”
“Lucifer is gone, Dean,” he lies, kneeling. “I’m here… please, Dean, look at me.” Lucifer grabs at Dean’s head, thankful the other man lets him. Green finds masked-blue, their ‘reunion’ drawing a pained breath.
that again?”
Mia didn’t seem fazed by Dean’s tantrum, and Sam wondered if she truly is a monster like Dean suspected. If Sam were in her place, he wouldn’t know how he’d have maintained composure when dealing with his brother acting like a damned ass. There’d be blood splattered everywhere by now. “In my professional experience, many times we believe we’re ‘
“Why didn’t you?”
They stand together in t-shirts and boxers, barely an inch of space between them. No one speaks, not that they have to, but the usually comfortable silence makes Dean nervous. His focus drifts from Cas and onto the plastic conch behind him. Then, he notices how the rest of the room is decorated. Dean giggles, “Wow… it’s, this place is…”
She rubs at her neck, grip tightening on Claire. His niece lays her hand over Kaia’s, petting scabbed knuckles. “Your friend… if he drank the punch, then it’s the right idea getting out of here. I… there were people, earlier, who spiked it with some pretty heavy stuff. You should find him before anyone
“Yeah…” Dean arches a brow, laying it on the untouched nightstand. A cloud of dust exploding upon contact. “Why else would I have it in my room?” He shrugs out of his jacket, laying it across his bed. Stepping around and heading for a second door, a closet Cas guesses.
Cas spun on his heel; bandana clutched tight in his hand. He holds it towards Dean, grinning. His smile faltered, however, taking in Dean’s dry, unencumbered hair. Bangs framed the other man’s worried face, as the rest of his hair hung limply off the sides, parted at the middle. It looked softer, and the simple change made Dean appear approachable. Natural.
Sam tried to speak but got cutoff by a shrill cry coming from another room. Sam shrugged, jerking his head to where, Dean guesses, the crying originated. He’d also take a stab at
’.” Cas eases the shirt off Dean’s shoulders, kissing the exposed skin right above his t-shirt. “For the record,” Cas adds, whispering into his collarbone, “I expected it. It was one of the reasons why I couldn’t wait any longer.”
“So what if I care what other people think about me! Shouldn’t everybody? Shouldn’t
Cas whisks off what remained of his pretense, meeting her level stare. “I doubt you will,” he says, “If you’re here… that means the police either failed or aren’t an option. So? Which is it?”
Castiel nods at the writhing mass, somehow larger since Dean last looked. “I feel like dancing.”
A hand joins the two roving his body, shaking his arm. Dean laughs, “How’d you do that, Cas?”
They avoid making too much noise, slipping into his bedroom without trouble. Cas drags a decorative ornamental folding wall in front of the archway, improvising as there was no door. The painted marshlands protecting Claire and Kaia from seeing things they might not want. Frogs and cranes frozen on the linen indifferent towards their modestly.
. In the nicest way possible, that brings a healthy flush to Cas’s cheeks. Blushing more than he ever had in his entire life.
I'm just glad to have this done.
himself.
Mia cared too little to analyze at the moment. It wouldn’t do Mia any good doing so, either. She sensed an answer that, in her current state, she might not like. Mia also recognized what Dean tried doing. Therapists smelled avoidance like vamps did blood. She glossed over his question with attempted ease, shrugging, breaking their locked gaze. “Call it being sentimental,” she said, “or curious. Whatever you feel like.”
Mia smiled, closing the drawer with a soft tap. She rounded the island, laying a soothing hand on Dean’s shoulder. “Is there something you want to say, that you didn’t get to?”
“Were they scared you thought about jumping ship?”
going to find this Carver Edlund and… do
Amusement rises from his chest, “Beautiful…”
your gift?”
break today, since it’s Christmas.”
Cas reaches out, halting halfway across the divide when no words of comfort appear in his mind. He slinks back hoping she didn’t see. “Then all of this with Jack began years ago?”
. To support me in my decisions instead of making them for me.”
Kelly rises, too, smiling. There’s a sad beauty to it, Cas imagining her expression on a big black-and-white screen. Watching her soldier love be whisked off, journeying towards a war he’ll surely die in, handkerchief fluttering from the gusts on the station platform. “Thank you,” she says while Cas leads her out, “thank you.”
“It’s so pretty…” Dean says, arms stretched far to grab for it.
to celebrate. And sure, it’s not like we didn’t do just that… in front of all our friends and families… and a few exes… and uninvited guests –“
Cas leans back in his seat, tapping at his chin. “You know, what you say strikes chord with me. On my way inside I was accosted by such a person, spouting same ridiculous things you say Dick said. Kept repeating a name of some place but I… I was so focused on our meeting I cannot remember. The word Institute, does this sound familiar to you?”
know what’s what…”
Meg scoffs, side saddling her chair. “I meant in here,” she taps at her temple. “What were you thinking of when you were coming?” A second later, she lets slip a raspy chuckle. “You can tell me, Clarence, I won’t be offended if you were picturing someone else.”
Now Castiel stays attuned to his surroundings, making sure to point out anything that might brighten Dean’s face once more. Along their journey they had seen a parade of jellyfish floating by, a friendly great white, and a few whales migrating along their path.
“I wouldn’t even know how to get on a horse, let alone ride it.”
“Okay,” he says, “Only if you tell me one thing.”
, darn it!”
gay rights.”
“A picnic…” he mumbles to himself, “Yeah, yeah… I’d like that…”
my profit margin was given our closeness to communist-controlled regions.”
While Cas discovered the entrance hours ago, he did nothing more than park across the street from it as the morning rush to pick up. He settled for a professional sit-in, aware of how tedious this part of his day will become. Kicked his sandals off, migrated towards his backseat and performed his best interpretation of a statue. Glaring at the door, waiting. Within the first hour of his stakeout Cas saw a man whose uniform screamed corporate sneak inside the building between harried commuters. Cas smirked, celebration rising slowly from within his chest.
“I wish I never did whatever made me turn into this.”
you… get
Calvin leans over Cas’s shoulder while he gasps, licking the blobs that coated his knuckles. “You be tastin’ like you look, man… fine as all hell.” He grins, tongue darting forward and capturing more.
Not all of what he said were lies. Most of it. But like all great make-believe, there lay a kernel of truth buried deep within. Cas
“Around!” Cas’s muscles stiffen, nails digging into his palms. “People… this guy I met at an AA whose nephew –“
He gestures around them, “Your room?”
And I was RIGHT!!!
trip around America. A man on a mission, only staying until he heard the whispers of a rumor or an old memory resurfaces and guides him elsewhere. Cas listens while Dean glosses through the bullet points. Hitchhiking in the beginning until he saved enough money for a rust bucket van that gave him wheels
Chest aching, Cas tamps down that hurt. Accustomed to doing so. “But you received them?”
Castiel scoffs, “Maybe if you weren’t so pompous I wouldn’t have a
“Y’know, Trevor,” he fumbled through his memories, silence painstakingly ticking past. The clicking of their kitchen clock suddenly, obnoxiously loud. “That kid from that town we stayed at for about two months my sophomore year of high school, up in Montana.”
He was mortal, once. Part of humanity; sharing in their highs and lows. Could enjoy the taste of pie or the warmth of a nice blanket even if his health deteriorated and the clock ticked ever closer to his death. With his status returned Jack feels removed from the collective. Like consuming Michael’s grace was the same as taking a roll of cellophane and stretching it over and over his face until everything became an unfamiliar blur.
“It’s Dean and Cas.”
Dean shrugs. “I mean, yeah he was gone. But something told me he didn’t go far. Again. And I was right when those Feds rolled in.”
Cas eases until he sidles up to the security guard’s box. He leans over, ready for the community’s tortoise, except he isn’t there. Stretching farther into the passenger side Cas sees no sign of him in the box.
There’s still a hand on his shoulder.
Mia’s shadow stretched over him. She stood behind the couch, nodding at Jack. “Is what you said about him true?” she asked, “Or did you
and maybe kept to a better diet…”
“What about you?”
She raises an unimpressed brow, “Well?”
Dean glowed with a youthful energy too that, even before Michael, didn't present itself. He glimpsed some of it in Tombstone, but the hunt there snuffed it out before Jack could fully understand this part in him. Now Dean fully embraced his newfound sense of wonder, going for long drives and cooking large meals for everyone. He dragged his records out and played them in the main room, dancing hilariously as they watched. A few times he managed to tease Castiel enough to join him. The two swaying around each other, easily drifting closer.
“If I say yes will you fucking
“I am providing community service, helping others reach enlightenment through natural means.”
“My boss paid me more than enough for the write up.”
Sam wished he would. His forehead pounded, the beat of his heart loud in his eardrums. It didn’t sound like Dean was talking about their mother, but he can’t exactly name who Dean meant with his latest revelation.
He silences the impertinent questions simmering underneath, instead letting his cool tongue answer. “No. Didn’t expect a square like you to own a beauty like her, though.”
, though.
, after all I – he
