30 minutes later, Dean was shown the door, pretty sure that he had been able to win over Mr Novak with his ideas. Yeah Mr Novak seemed like an alright guy, well for a rich guy anyway. Although there was something.....Dean silenced his inner voice without realising. As he drove home, he found himself thinking again about the Novak family. He decided that the son, Cas, was a right douche; he couldn’t even be bothered to get off his ass to show him around....hmmm that ass. Dean silenced his thoughts, this time he was fully aware he was doing it.
After Dean had left, Castiel had breathed a sigh of relief. But only for a moment, he knew what his father and his friends wanted.
This time the guy was called Kevin, was the son of the owner of the motel complex they were staying in. He had the whole Asian thing going on. Dean had ignored him at first, but then like some bad porn movie, Kevin had come to fix some electrical problem in the room (smart kid, he was in advanced placement at school). Dean didn’t remember how it started, but he remembered how it had finished....somehow their lips had been crushed together as Kevin lay gasping beneath him on the bed in the motel room that he shared with Sammy. His dad was out drinking and his brother was getting supplies so they didn’t have to rush. But they did anyway and things got heavy quickly as they both ripped off each other’s clothes....and then of course, John walked in. And he was pissed. Dean didn’t see Kevin after that. Was lucky Kevin didn’t press charges. John had punched him in the face before turning to Dean. He had put him in the hospital for a week. John wasn’t going to have a faggot for a son, and if it meant he had to kick the gayness out of him, then so be it. Sam had never quite learnt the reason for Dean’s visit to the hospital, was just told that Dean had made some bad choices, but he wouldn’t be making them again. And Dean had really meant it, didn’t want to be that guy, didn’t want his father’s disapproval. He promised John that he wouldn’t make those bad choices again. But he did.
Dean’s speech was an incoherent babble of swearwords as he tried to push Cas’ head back and stop him throwing up. He swerved to a stop at the side of the road and jumped out, Cas had managed to stop being sick and got out of the other side of the car.
He looked up, tried to grip the wall to help him stand up, but his father easily pushed his hands away from the wall, so that he fell onto his back, ass exposed.
And Castiel had never told Gabriel that the shadow man was real. Had never told him how he had made their father touch him, kiss him, hurt him down there. He was too ashamed of his behaviour. Besides he didn’t want Gabriel to hate him; Zachariah told him that Gabriel would be jealous if he found out that he was not the favourite.
The blue-eyed angel waved his hand nonchalantly at the garden, before flopping down onto a cream-coloured sun lounger next to the pool. It was kindof weird, he was wearing a full on suit and tie, not exactly sunbathing attire. He started sipping at a clear looking fluid through a straw, and damn it, Dean couldn’t help but stare. Those perfect cupid-shaped lips gently sipping the straw with just the right suction......oh god, what the hell was wrong with him? Hadn’t all those “wrong” thoughts disappeared after that therapy he went through a couple of years ago? Dean forced himself to look away. He grabbed his notepad from his back pocket and started to wander around. After about 20 minutes, Dean felt that he had seen enough and had even started to think of some ideas, but without the owner to discuss things with, he didn’t know what else he could do. He went back to the angel. He appeared to be practically passed out on the lounger. Dean grimaced, he might be pretty, but hell, he was also just a another waster rich boy, just living off daddy and getting drunk all day. Dean leaned over and shook him slightly on the shoulder. The guy woke with a start and Dean found himself up close and personal with those blue eyes. The moment seemed to last forever, before he pulled himself away.
At this question, Cas looked down and speaking in his unusually deep voice, he proceeded to tell Dean what happened. And when he finished, Dean smiled at him
his father croaned over him, kissing his chest and then running his other hand over Castiel’s legs and body. He put another finger in and started scissoring
And as he left Balthazar’s house, he shivered despite the November sunshine. He looked into the bag he had got from Balthazar, and took out another pill and popped it in his mouth. Everything would be better now.
Dean left him, broken, crumpled against the wall, before taking a deep breath and heading inside the hospital.
and then he undid his pants, grabbed Castiel’s hair and pushed his head now, so that Castiel was faced with his father’s semi-hard, thick, red cock. He knew what to do, had done this so many times before. And there was no question that he would do it again. He hollowed his cheeks before taking the cock into his mouth, letting his tongue glide all over it, following the vein and licking underneath, before coming to the head and playing there. Then slowly opening his mouth wider, taking his father’s cock deeper into his mouth, sucking with just the right pressure, teeth covered, then taking his father’s cock deeper into his throat, gag-reflex long gone. His father moaned above him;
When Dean returned from his visit to the men’s, he found Castiel and another guy embracing and Castiel was crying. When Castiel saw Dean, he tried to form words, but he couldn’t. The other guy looked up at Dean, confused,
Sam and Dean waited outside on the veranda. Dean had pressed the bell twice. Finally a man opened the door but kept the fly screen shut. His hair bleached and flicked up, a style beguiling his age, which Dean guessed must have at least 50. Eyes, icy blue, surveyed them. “Hi” Dean smiled. The man did not. Dean hoped he looked charming, non-threatening.
Castiel just shook his head, he knew that Sam didn’t really care, no one ever did. But then again, he seemed so genuine. God he just needed his medication, he just needed his head to be clear. And then he would feel in control again. With a sigh, he knew what he needed to do
Last night, after Cas had passed out in his father’s room, Dean knew he couldn’t leave him there. Besides that nurse had said because of potential concussion, he shouldn’t be left alone. The only thing he could do was take him back to his. But really, it wasn’t such a well-thought out decision. Dean had just acted on instinct, gathering him up bridal style and carrying him to the car. There was just something about Cas that screamed a need to be looked after, to be cared for. And that’s all Dean ever wanted to do.
Dean had never been in love....in lust perhaps, but never love. Had dated girls, had fucked them, some had names, some did not. Slim brunettes, busty blondes or athletic redheads, he was never that picky. And once there had even been a guy, ok, maybe more than once.....the first guy, his name was Garth, just some skinny kid that Dean had met outside a bar. Dean had only been 15 and didn’t have a chance of getting in, but hell he had tried anyway. His attempt was unsuccessful. Garth was also there trying his luck (he was also very underage) and like Dean, made an unsuccessful attempt (the bouncers laughing in his face). They had both sat on the curb then, bemoaning their age and the cruelty of not being allowed into what looked like the promised land to them (but was in fact just an extremely dirty bar). Dean couldn’t remember exactly how it happened. Just remembered noticing Garth’s slim lines, his shy smile, his sweet face and even sweeter ass. And somehow he had ended up in an alley outside the bar, crazily, hungrily making out with Garth. He had tried to forget about it, it was disgusting, he was a man, no way there was chance he was weak; effeminate; gay. But several months later, it happened again.
And so the conversation went and before he knew it, Castiel realised that he was enjoying himself. He laughed at Dean’s dumb jokes and impressions of ‘bitchy’ Sam. He even started asking questions about Dean and Bobby’s PI business.
Dean had busied himself with sorting out the laundry and putting fresh sheets on the bed. Castiel would have preferred to have taken the floor, but Dean said he wanted it, something about the floor being good for his back. Castiel was sceptical but Dean had seemed so convincing, he had relented to taking the bed. Besides it was only “
. Dean was met with huge blue eyes, which looked at him with such adoration that he had to look away
Several nights later..... Castiel was straddling him, kissing him, rutting and rubbing himself against....the other man’s cock. It was disgusting but at least this made him feel in control, not like the times when he was passive, held down and fucked. The club’s music was hard and loud in “The Cage” (the dirtiest gay club in town) and the air smelled of sex and desperation. The occupants masked their hungry eyes with feigned smiles and cocaine. He looked down at the guy he was straddling, just some random guy (maybe his name was Ty? Or Tom?) greasy black hair plastered to his sweaty, chubby face. Definitely not attractive - but Castiel was too high to care. He just needed a distraction; to feel something other than this eternal emptiness. The guy’s hands were pinching and grabbing his ass whilst Castiel arched his back, riding the guy’s cock through his pants. It was dark in this part of the club, but another guy, was sitting close by, watching them, rubbing himself with a lewd smile on his face. But Castiel didn’t care. The guy was opening Castiel’s pants now, almost withdrawing with shock when he felt the piercings on Castiel’s cock, before widely grinning;
The event at the art gallery was almost over, Castiel was exhausted. It would have been wonderful if he had been able to be with the paintings alone. But of course no one was interested in them. It was just an evening to network; to make money by engaging in mindless chatter, by maintaining that mask of respectability. He knocked back another glass of champagne before unsteadily making his way outside. He knew his father liked taking him out to such events, liked to show him off, always introducing him as
Sam was alive! And all Dean could feel looking at his brother was awesome relief, his whole body tingling with the absolute relief. He wouldn’t be alone. Sam hadn’t died! And he bent over and tightly hugged his confused and bleary-eyed brother. And then leaning back, letting Sam take a breath, and looking at his wonderful, amazing brother...hmmm no! his stupid, dumbass brother, what the hell was he doing taking drugs with that loser Cas? Relief quickly morphed into anger.
, Castiel replied, dutifully. But a part of him meant it. Without his father, nothing made sense. His world was chaos. His father loved him, more than anything. How lucky he was to be so loved.
Dean had been awake all night, sitting by Sam’s bed as the machines beeped. He looked so peaceful lying there, but who knew what was going on in his body. And there was nothing Dean could do. He was so helpless. Doctor Bliss (who looked absolutely nothing like Dr Sexy) said all they could do was wait, that it was up to Sam now. And so the next day drew on and on and Sam just lay there. Dean felt himself get weaker and weaker.
Balthazar leaned back, so he was straddling him, brushing his fingers over Castiel’s jawline. Castiel looked away.
He was high, felt like he was flying; his feet weren’t on the ground. This is what life should be like. How could he have ever lived anything else? The blood pulsed around his body and he felt the sense of excitement, the endless possibilities, the euphoria. Life was so fucking beautiful. It didn’t feel like he could contain the smile on his face...Sam felt a hand on his arm, looking up he saw her, thick dark hair fringing her heart shaped face, a wide smile plastered on her face, dark eyes looking into his; Ruby. He lent in to kiss her. And then the swarming mass of dancing bodies swallowed them up, and Sam was lost in the crowd, but he didn’t care. It was so beautiful. It has been Ruby’s idea to go to “the Cage”, she liked gay clubs, no dodgy men hitting on her. And Sam had followed her in, just like he always did now. He hadn’t known her for long but had fallen hard. And when Ruby offered him a pill at a party recently, he had wondered what it would be like, to be so free. He had also wondered if it would give him the additional confidence he needed to lean in and kiss her. So he had taken it. And it had given him so much more. After that, they had been inseparable; had fucked hard and partied even harder.
However, whilst Balthazar might take all Castiel’s money, he had felt some sympathy for him. He knew something was weird about the amount of control Castiel’s father had over him; thought he deserved a break from the old man’s dictatorship every now and again. The first time he had broken Castiel out was when they were 16. Zachariah had left for a 2 day business trip, which happily coincided with an all-night rave. Even though Castiel had agreed, he had been initially kindof a drag, worrying obsessively that his father would find out or that he would fall victim to some unknown danger which existed beyond the community walls. And so it had been funny watching him turn into from a jibbering wreck into a happy hardcore space cadet in the space of 30 minutes. And so every now and again, when Castiel asked, he would help him escape and return him again the next day, not questioning where he went or what he did. It was the least he could do for one of his best customers. Yeah Balthazar was a regular fairy godmother to Castiel’s Cinderella.
He heard the door slam, it was Sam back from his run. Since he had got back from hospital, Sam was on a health kick. Something about his body being a temple. He was even drinking vegetable juices and meditating. And he had stopped seeing Ruby, despite her numerous texts and calls. Dean was pleased that Ruby was no longer around (although he was less pleased with the weird green drinks Sam insisted on consuming).
He left him there then, with only a bottle of water and a packet of crackers to sustain him, left him there in the black, coffin-like closet for the next two days. And he crouched in his own shit and piss, his muscles cramping, for the next two days. Locked there, with only his punishing thoughts, the oppressive darkness and the painful withdrawal from the medication for the next two days. And Castiel had understood the message only too well. His body was not his own. His life was not his own.
he had few real friends, choosing to infrequently hang out with other reprobates from the school. Despite his small frame, Gabriel had rarely been bullied apparently due to his quick mouth and apparent disregard for pain; he always went down fighting until the bullies didn’t bother coming back for more. Gabriel had rarely attended classes, and when he had done, teachers rather wished he hadn’t bothered, due to his intent on disruption and acting the class clown. He wasn’t missed when Mr Novak had announced that he had been sent to live with a relative in Canada. Dean sighed again, Gabriel sounded pretty damn cool and so very much like himself at school. He quietly wondered if there were other similarities between them, perhaps Gabriel had also been hiding secrets?
Of course Zachariah had never really been clear about where he had gone. The official story was that Gabriel had gone to live with an Aunt in Canada. But Castiel had known of no aunt in Canada. And then, when he was older, Zachariah told him that Gabriel had simply run away; had left him. But Castiel wouldn’t believe this, couldn’t believe this.
Cas stopped abruptly, his attention caught on the papers and photographs of Gabriel strewn over Dean’s desk,
”, Dean rolled his eyes at that one). He waited at the gates for the security guard to go through all the necessary checks before letting him in. “All this place needs is metal bars”, he thought, “freaking rich people”. He drove to the house. Along with the private investigation business he had with Bobby, he had also started developing his own business: odd jobs including gardening, hmmm “landscaping”. Hell he needed the money (let’s just say, Sam’s university fees weren’t cheap, and he was already in debt up to his eyeballs, not that Sam needed to know that).
), suggested painkillers, breakfast, a shower. All attempts were swiped away, like an angry bear fighting a bee. So he had left him at home, frustrated that his attempts to care for his older brother were rejected. They always were. Instead it had always been Dean that had cared for Sam. It had been that way ever since they were little. Dean had taken care of Sam because no one else would. Their father, John, so often lost to the nearest pub, wasted and delirious, or when he did find his way home, so often angry and shouting at his children, the neighbours, or just shadows on the wall. Or worse still, would be the times, when they would find him shaking and crying. He would whisper through his tears that they needed to move on, that they couldn’t stay. That they were being hunted and it wasn’t safe. So Dean and Sam would pack up their meagre belongings and the family would move on again. It was always just the three of them. Their mother was dead, burnt alive in a freak fire. Sam had never known her, but Dean told him stories about her. How wonderful she was, how kind, how caring. Sometimes it sounded like he was describing an angel, not a real person.
But if looked inside himself for long enough, it was still there, the thing living within him, the hate, the hurt, the loneliness. And it made his heart bleed. And he would feel then the rush of hatred through his body, the absolute despair of being alive. And he wanted to hurt, to see the pain on his body that he felt so vividly within. It was unbearable, unmanageable, this darkness inside.
He crept into his father’s room. The curtains were drawn and the room was dark. He made his way to the bed, where his father’s form lay. He crept in beneath the covers. He knew it was going to happen anyway; he just wanted control over when. He moved close to his father, could smell his stagnant breath and sickly sweet aftershave. He leaned in and kissed him on the mouth. And in that moment, he could feel a part of himself dying. His father’s eyes fluttered open, his lips forming into a slow smile, a smirk. They kissed again, long and hard, tongues exploring. He could feel his father’s sweaty hands reaching for his body, reaching under his shirt. Reaching down, stroking him through his pants. Could hear his father’s sighs and murmurs of approval. And Castiel felt himself leaning in, kissing and sucking his father’s neck and chest. The skin wrinkled and dry. Then Castiel’s mind was taking him elsewhere. In this place, he was an angel with black wings. Previously, he had tried being an angel with white wings but it never worked. And here in his mind, he was powerful. He was wise and kind and had many human friends. But he was also absolutely ruthless in hunting down and killing evil, smiting his enemies. But the best part about being this powerful angel was that he could fly. And so while his father was holding him down and fucking him in that darken room, Castiel was flying.
Dean was surprised; he hadn’t expected the conversation to ruffle this guy’s feathers quite this much. Whatever, if this guy wanted to put shit in his body, what did it have to do with him? Maybe he should have just let him go. Maybe this all just a mistake.
. His father smiled benevolently before driving his fingers deep inside him. Castiel’s screams muffled by his father’s mouth.
They were at the opening of a prestigious art gallery in the northern quarter of the city. Castiel knew his father cared nothing about art; he did however, care about money. And such events attracted wealthy individuals; wealthy individuals who always needed expensive lawyers just like Zachariah Novak.
I am English so have no idea of how the American College/university system works...but hey you get the idea....
When Dean arrived at the hospital, he was already wound up, terrified of what he would find when he arrived and very, very angry; his thoughts cascading out of control- “how the fuck had this happened to his little brother? His nerdy, sweet little brother? Who the fuck had done this to him?” - So when Cas had met him outside the hospital, expressing apologies but looking wired, manic, high, Dean had just lost it.
he smiled and held out his hand. The guy looked down, before taking his hand and giving it a quick shake.
A small cough raised his attention from his thoughts; Cas was standing in the doorway, looking decidedly uncomfortable. “
Castiel had only been 7 when Gabriel had left and only had fragments of memory about his brother; but he treasured them. He remembered his cheeky grin, the sweets he stole just for Castiel, playing games with him and making him laugh, praising him for his drawings, looking after him when he was sick, letting him sleep in his bed when Castiel was afraid of the shadow man in his room.
Cas opened his eyes slowly and was immediately aware of the throbbing, pulsing pain in his head, and then that the world was moving too fast. He immediately felt a wave of nausea, Before he knew what he was doing or where he was, he was lending over himself and retching onto the floor. A car floor, or more specifically, the floor of Dean’s impala. Oh fuck.  Before Dean was aware that Cas was even awake, he heard the retching sound,
He looked up into the blue sky, heard the bees buzzing in the garden. It could have been paradise. And then he felt their rough hands upon him, tugging at his clothes. And a voice in his ear
And so a week passed. There was a chill in the air but it remained unusually sunny for early November.
He slowly made his way up the spiral staircase. His whole body tense, on high alert. He could make it, he could make it! And just as he approached his room, the one at the end of the corridor. He heard his name, “Castiel”, the voice low, menacing, almost a hint of a smile.
Dean leaned back in his seat and smiled briefly at the sound of enthusiasm in Cas’ voice. It was nice not to see him so sad.
On campus, Sam got out of Dean’s car, it looked almost comical, his huge body unfolding out of the Impala. Dean wondered how his ‘little’ brother had got so big.
Dean looked at the other man, with the same amount of contempt. Castiel ignored their posturing and composed himself
(Sam didn’t share Dean’s views regarding the value of drinking on his driving ability). Castiel felt sick but said
Dean was angry, terrified, who the hell was this man? How the hell could this have happened, what Sam was gay? And he was on drugs??
In the morning, he awoke. His father still wrapped around him, and that sick feeling in his stomach. “But this is love” Castiel thought. His father waking, bringing their faces together, reaching in for a kiss, messy and slow. Part of him screaming “not this, please not this”, another part of him wanting this closeness, gentleness, comfort, wanting his father’s love.
Dean trudged up the gravel path and knocked loudly on the huge oak door. No answer. This was getting ridiculous. Suddenly the door swung open and Dean was confronted with the most startling blue eyes he had ever seen. For one moment, he found he couldn’t breathe. This man was just that beautiful.
He awoke disorientated, his head feeling like wool, his throat so dry, raw, he almost couldn’t swallow. Slowly he opened his eyes, he was alone in his room, had been carelessly left face down, on the floor. He tried to move and then the pain hit him, agonising and unbearable, his insides sore and burning.
Castiel sighed, he knew that cheating on his father was wrong, dangerous even, but he really wanted to see Dean again; really wanted the guy to like him. And sex was all he could give.
Inside was quiet, nothing like the human storm he had run from hours earlier. He peered into the darkness, not daring to turn on the light. The silence hanging, felt like it was waiting to be broken. He removed his shoes. His breath shallow as he made his way across the hall; the marble floor cold and hard against his feet. He wished he could merge into the walls, he wished he could be so small that nothing would see him. So foolish to have left, to have run, such a stupid, stupid boy.
he growled and went off to hide in Bobby’s office to do some important work (aka watch reruns of “Dr Sexy MD”).
Zachariah was above him, as Castiel was pinned to the bed on his back. Zachariah holding both his hands above him, gripped in a fist. He was thrusting into his unprepared ass, groaning. Each thrust agony as he ripped inside him, could feel the burning heat, the wrongness. Spearing pain, as he was unwillingly widened against his father’s cock. Zachariah’s sweaty body pressed against him, preventing him fully breathing, and all he wanted to do was scream
Several hours had passed. Castiel looked at his phone, no messages from Sam. He hoped he was ok. He didn’t even know if he was awake. He couldn’t call him, his father would notice any unscheduled calls on the phone bill. He cursed his cowardice. He would have to wait until college tomorrow and then he could try sneaking off to the hospital. He just hoped that Dean wouldn’t contact his father. He just needed to explain what happened. The knot in his stomach was tightening. He hadn’t got many pills left, he couldn’t afford to take more. But he felt terrible, knew he needed something, just to take the edge off. The worrying about Sam, Dean, and of course his father...he couldn’t take it. He was covered in sweat; couldn’t stop twitching and restlessly moving from room to room, cleaning things that didn’t need cleaning, couldn’t stop thinking about what might happen. But the worst of it was, that he was just waiting, just waiting for his father to wake up and push his demands upon him.....
Dean called as he sped off. Sam shook his head and turned. First day back and yep, it was gonna be a great year, he could just feel it. The campus was bustling, new students (freshers) looking confused at maps of the sprawling grounds, attempting to find the correct building, others wandering around in a daze with sunglasses as black as their coffee, friends who hadn’t seen each other for several months, shouting, hugging, laughing. Girls with shiny straight hair, clutching piles of books, trying to navigate their quickest way to the library. Mobile phones going off. Some guy on a skateboard getting in everyone’s way. The smell of cigarette smoke (and maybe some other sweeter smell) drifted in the air. Sam loved it. This was exactly the life he had always wanted. He checked his classes again;
When he arrived, he stood before the massive foreboding looking mansion. It was impressive and fierce, just liked the man inside who ruled his family with iron and terror. He knew he would have to go in, had been willing himself the whole walk back. But now it was time, he just didn’t know if he could. His body ached, he had no choice. His hands pale and shaking, keyed in the code to open the gate. He crossed the gravel drive and pushed back the front door. At least it wasn’t locked this time.
Dean hadn’t thought he had slept, not until he felt a hand on his shoulder gently shaking him. He woke with a start then, his neck aching from the painful position he had slept in (keeled over in his chair, head on Sam’s bed). Sam was pushing at him, he looked disorientated, confused;
And so all those years, Castiel had never known where his brother was; had no way of finding him. Until now, until he met Dean.
Cas sat up suddenly, regretting the decision immediately, it felt like someone had taken an ice-pick to his brain. He fell off the bed, clutching his head. Dean gave a short laugh
. Most people unaware of the true meaning behind those words. And so the whole night he had been glued to his father’s side. And now he wanted to get away, just for a moment.
His smile was easy and slow, his manner congenial as he offered his hand. So why then did Dean feel like he was being assessed, considered, like a small creature before a hungry predator? Dean glanced over at the son (what was that name, Cas-something?), who seemed to have found composure, sitting alert, blue eyes on his father. “
First day back at university after a long summer off, Castiel sighed, wrapping his too-large tan trench coat around his thin frame. This was what he had always wanted wasn’t it? To go to university, to learn, to get away from high school and all its narrow-mindedness, maybe even to get away from Zachariah, his father? But it hadn’t worked out that way really. He still felt like a prisoner, still was one, just without the metal bars. Maybe this was just how it was supposed to be, maybe it was just safer this way. At 21, he was still living with his father, he was paying the fees after all. His father had decided the local university would be appropriate, he had also decided that Castiel would be majoring in theology and philosophy, not art (Castiel’s secret dream).
Castiel was still in “The Cage” but he could feel the high leaving now, wanted to hold onto it, but it was slipping away, like shadows in the dawn. He lent over the sink to spray cold water on his face, coming eye to eye with his reflection in the dirty mirror. He didn’t see an angel staring back at him. He quickly turned away. As he did so, he saw a large shape lent up against the wall in the corner of the bathroom. He realised he knew the shape: it was Sam! the enthusiastic puppy from his philosophy study group. He didn’t look great, was sweating profusely, his face deathly white, his head lolling at an awkward angle....shit, what had he taken? Castiel instantly fell to his knees, gripping Sam’s head,
Dean managed weakly. He wondered if this was the “girl” that Sam had been talking about. He brushed that thought away, no way, Sam was 100% heterosexual (lucky bastard). A long pause, before Castiel looked down and mumbled out the words
Dean’s voice had become low and threatening. Cas didn’t say anything; just kept his eyes down. Dean looked around, noting a growing crowd before releasing him “just fuck off, just get out of here”. Cas whispered
After delivering more instructions for Dean, Zachariah had sauntered off back to his friends and Cas, making a joke about
If you had asked him at the time, he would have said that there was nothing wrong with what he was doing; they were in love. And love was never wrong. His son was his after all. A life-sized doll, he belonged to him.
The day after Dean had dropt Castiel off at the house, the day after the kiss, Dean was found passed out, lying face down on the floor in the front room. It was Sam who found him that way in the morning; the room already light, sun creeping through the holes in the curtains. The room littered with several whiskey bottles. Sam sighed, it seemed like the one thing Dean had gained from their deadbeat dad was the capacity to drink more than most humans. But instead of leaving him there on the floor, Sam gently tapped him on the shoulder, when that didn’t work, a more insistent shove, oh god, maybe he’s.....Sam didn’t finish the thought, as Dean jolted back into action,
Dean had been surprised with Cas’ request; to find his brother, Gabriel. He hadn’t known Cas had an older brother, much less one who was shrouded with mystery; where had he gone? Was he missing or just unwilling to come home?
The first thing that greeted Castiel as he stepped into the Singer-Winchester home, was the mess (boots strewn across the corridor, parts of bikes and other machinery piled up, faded wallpaper peeling off the walls), the noise (rock music was playing from the kitchen, tv playing in the front room), the smell (oil, mixed with something which had been fried...and then burnt, a faint hint of masculine deodorant spray)....the sensations that greeted him weren’t necessarily all the pleasant, but instantly he felt like.....he fitted. Sam gestured him into the house, after locking the front door –
After the lecture finished, the students were expected to meet up in their study group (groups had already been allocated with the timetable). The group was the opportunity to discuss ideas and prepare group presentations.
”. He looked at his head again, it looked like he was still bleeding. He started the car, it was going to be a long night.
was shouted downstairs, by a disgruntled Dean, who defintely was not listening). Castiel was too stunned to say anything. He had thought he would probably never see Dean (aka the hottest guy ever), again. Zachariah had told him he would keep him locked in his room when Dean came around. He leant against the wall. Dean had called him Cas, almost like a nickname? Like an endearing nickname? He had never been called Cas before, he liked it. But oh god, what if his father found out he had seen Dean? Castiel balked at the idea, oh no, oh no, oh no....He felt dizzy, he began to slide down the wall, his heart racing. He found he couldn’t quite catch his breath, and the more he tried, the more he couldn’t breathe, what if he was having some sort of seizure, what if he was dying? The thoughts flashed through his mind. And he felt the panic rising up within him, could feel the adrenaline surge. And suddenly he was struggling for breath, the room spinning, he couldn’t get control....Ruby was the first to realise what was happening. She knelt beside him, getting eye-contact and gently saying his name and asking him to focus on her as she began to breathe slowly and deeply whilst counting. Gradually Castiel began to gain control. And then he felt tearful and so ashamed. So stupid, such a stupid....He could barely look at the others whilst he remained crouched against the wall.
No more Lucifer to chase after. No more achy-breaky Dean and angsty confrontations with Mom who’s finally realized that maybe sneaking around might not be the best way into Dean’s wee little heart. Heck, the real peace comes from no more Crowley calling Dean at three o’ clock in the morning—Dean’s shrill new ringtone waking Sam in their motel room, the speaker phone forcing a listen to whatever Crowley’s saying. Usually weird innuendo-y stuff like, “Got a new case, Squirrel. Something real
Dodging the question obviously didn’t escape his notice, but Dr. Novak seemed to grasp the inference. “Castiel,” he said in return.
He’d stood over the graves of those two nuns, watching their bones burn, feeling a part of himself go up in flames with them.
The cool evening air helped to calm his wired nerves. Sat on the front steps of the museum as they waited for an ambulance, he pressed a makeshift icepack to the back of his head. He was lucky: aside from some lingering dizziness, all they could find were surface scraps from the broken glass. Still, better safe than sorry, he figured.
“What is happening…” he whispered to himself, shrinking down to crouch behind a bench. “Come on, Cas,
Half an hour later, with Sam tucked away at the local library, Dean rolled through the city waiting for something to call his name. He hummed along to his mixtape, drumming his fingers on the steering wheel. Zeppelin’s folksy guitar and simple, tapping drumbeat played a familiar tune, but Dean shifted in his seat as the lyrics sunk in.
It raised Castiel’s arms over his head, smile manic. Dean shouted a protest, making a charge for Cas, but he wasn’t fast enough. The demon plunged the knife into Castiel’s stomach just before Dean plowed into him, knocking him to the ground.
“Keeps things interesting,” Dean agreed. “Most nights it’s a toss up between sleeping in a bed someone died in or had shady sex in.”
“Sam, you got the list?” Dean asked. Sam pulled the crumpled paper out of his jacket and handed it to Dean, but he immediately thrust it into Cas’s arms. “Look at the ones we marked. Any of them bite the dust early?”
Dean yanked Conrad forward by the sleeve, swiveling his head for any sign of the ghost reappearing. “What the
Dean, to his credit, took the news in stride, nodding thoughtfully like they were discussing opinions on a new gallery installation. “Oh, that’s—congrats.”
Dean clenched his jaw so hard that his teeth hurt. How was he supposed to say no as Castiel bled out on a hotel floor? But if he said yes…that set him on a path he wasn’t sure he could walk. But Castiel’s pleading blue eyes tore at him. “Name the time and place.”
That made Dean splutter. “I don’t think I like your tone,” he said, wiping his mouth. “Don’t you insult Baby like that.”
“I read your email,” Cas said gently. “For one, I just wanted to thank you for sharing that with me. I appreciate your openness and honesty. Secondly, if there’s anything I can do for you, don’t hesitate to ask.”
The room around him was stark and unfamiliar. He couldn’t remember anything about how he got there, and he struggled to parse through his memories when an overwhelming pain swept like a wave over his body.
From the opposite side of the gallery, Conrad’s scream cut through the night. “What the FUCK just happened!?”
“Finding out the guy was murdered instead of dying by suicide is still a pretty big deal,” Dean said. “Maybe it wasn’t enough to send him into the great beyond, but don’t let yourself think it was nothing.”
“There’s plenty for you to do around here,” Bobby reminded him, gesturing out the window with his thumb. “Grab a wrench and take your pick.”
“Almost exactly,” he said, voice rough. He walked over and wrapped an arm around his mother’s shoulders, letting her lead him inside.
“I look forward to it,” Cas said. He gave them a nod before stepping around and continuing toward the elevator.
Leaning against the bar, Dean had Castiel right in his sightline of the stage. With his back turned, Dean allowed himself to study Cas for a moment. Not that he could say he ‘knew’ Cas by any stretch of the imagination, but there was a comfortable air about him, something undeniably familiar even if they had just met. It made it easy to relax around him, a virtue in short supply for Dean.
Conrad didn’t waste time arguing, and Dean followed right on his heels. The two of them sped down the hallway, and soon the open space of the gallery wasn’t far ahead. But Dean almost crashed again when Conrad ground to a halt, and Dean got his first look at his winning bet.
“How often do people give you a genuine answer to that?” Cas asked with a wry smile. He raised his eyebrows. “Because, call me crazy, I’m guessing you’ve done this before.”
Castiel shook his head. “The inverted cross is actually called ‘the Cross of St. Peter.’ When he was sentenced to death, Peter asked to be crucified upside down because he didn’t think he was worthy to die in the same way that Jesus did. The occult connotation is more of a modern association, but—” He shook his head again, this time to gather his thoughts. “Why would—do you think someone is killing people based on their characters?”
Anna has sent me a few job applications with some connections of hers. I’ve just let them sit unopened in my email for days. Part of me knows that it’s irresponsible, but another part knows that I won’t ever be able to return to a life like that. Sitting at the same desk, day in and day out, for years? You’ve ruined mundanity for me.
“I’m safe,” Cas assured him, “before you get wound up. Alex is safe too, I think. But he’s still seeing apparitions of his father. I had hoped—I mean, maybe it was naïve, but I thought that…” He trailed off.
The unasked question stuck in Castiel’s mind the rest of the week, obsessing over what it could have been. He put himself in Alex’s shoes, trying to discern what kind of tumultuous thoughts must be turning over in his head. Castiel thought he could at least understand some of the abandonment Alex must feel. To go to bed with a father and wake up without one changed a person. On the other hand, Castiel’s father could very well still be out there, while Alex’s was definitively gone. Cas wondered if it would hurt less to know that his dad was dead, to have the closure of it.
“Shut up.” Dean finished his drink and picked up his third. “You’re definitely drinking this time though.” He narrowed his eyes and stared hard at Cas, trying to get a read on him. “I assume you vote in local elections.”
“Buddy, you just missed choir practice,” Dean said, taking a slow step in front of Conrad. “Maybe you can catch the next one.”
He drew blanks on the others, and whatever Dean needed an answer for, he figured he wanted more than a thirty-three percent shot. But without his computer, he didn’t know how he was going to figure it out.
Cas gave him a little salute, then turned and walked back to his desk. They fell back into their own routines, but Sam interrupted only a few minutes later. He strode in waving a case file, and Dean snapped to. “What do we got?”
Sam watched him leave, then turned to Dean with a pointed question framed in the arch of his eyebrow. “What was that? ‘Cas?’”
With one hand pressed to Cas’s abdomen, Dean gripped the hand Castiel had tightened on his sleeve. “Are you kidding? You’re not a real hunter without a battle wound like this.”
“Of course. I can email you the slides and the notes if you like, but take the time you need.” Castiel pulled a slip of paper from his pocket that he’d written some phone numbers and offices on before class just in case. “If you feel compelled to, there are several counselors on campus you can talk to about anything. And my office hours are always open.” He slid the paper on Alex’s desk.
Anna kept rocking, her eyes glossing over as she considered his question. “People are capable of all kinds of appalling things,” she said, “so who’s to say for sure, but…the anger it must have taken to kill Jonah like that? That doesn’t feel like greed to me.”
The following afternoon, Sam and Dean suited back up to return to the museum. They didn’t suspect the ghost would appear during the day, but Dean did an inventory check of the trunk just in case. If things went their way, they might be staying at the museum after hours, so they came locked and loaded for the occasion.
He feels like he might faint, but then Sam’s holding him up. Dean almost runs over to them, eyes alert and holding out his arms.
Well, she mostly smelled like home, if Sam didn’t stink her up. His stomach lurches at that, and he pants into the bag. He needs another now, and the lady next to him - bless her - promptly offers hers.
The thing is, Cas doesn’t remember this. Maybe something to do with Naomi, but he really doesn’t remember walking into the water, hands held out in a T.
as if it was hurting her to ask, as if she didn’t want to ask such a question in the first place. It’s coming in waves, these words, he’s saying it out loud and it’s fucking pathetic of him to whine about his mommy issues but-
The waitress places their plates just as the door to the diner swings and Claire enters, Dean two steps behind her.  Mary feels a stone weighing in her stomach, wanting to apologize to Dean, but for what? And
Cas is his best friend. He’s his guardian angel, one might say, except his mojo’s there and then it’s not. Cas is his comrade in arms, who gives the best blowjobs and lets Dean cling to his torso like an octopus when they sleep, and makes the worst breakfast anyone ever could. Dean doesn’t want to ‘label it’, but now he’s thinking about it. And to be fair to his thoughts, friends, however close, do not have enough authority over him to have him sit on a three-hour flight.
When they find a diner, Claire asks Cas if she could talk to Dean for a minute. Dean looks at Cas, communicating minus words, then tells him to order ahead. “No sala-”
and his soft hair, and square jaw that he prefers with a five o’ clock. He thinks about Cas in flashes: taking the first sip of coffee in the morning, and how his eyebrows knit together when he types on his laptop, how his lips part when Dean kisses the back of his earlobe, how he studies the back of the cereal box before casually dropping it in the cart, the way he looks at Jack. At Claire, at Sam. At him.
He pins Cas with a look and scoffs louder than is necessary, if only to match Cas’ dramatics. Not one to apologize, or even persist anymore, for that matter,
this, never had to, either, except to himself. And in a way, he gets where Mary’s coming from. And it was unfair of him to lash out at her. But acting
Cas’ nose flares something dangerous and he closes his eyes. Holding the handle of the mug, and slowly, raising his eyes up at Dean menacingly, Cas thumps the mug on the table, “His name. Is.
looking for them. Doesn’t know what to do with that though. He gets up, walks over to the pink shelf that has his books stacked together. Picks a book he remembers marking pages of, and the book opens to a random page.
“I had a daughter.” She explains. “A son. A husband who didn’t know shit about the kind of lives we hunters have.” Cas stiffens in front of her, his hand on the table clenching into a fist. “And I don’t even remember dying but here I am. And nothing’s the same.”
probably Dean, makes him kneel next to his own corpse. Dean is looking at the sky, and when he looks back down at Cas’ blank face, he utters, almost like a prayer, “
Bobby walks towards him, his voice comforting. If Cas knew better, he’d say it was sad. “Yeah. Rest in peace. If that’s in the cards.”
Dean inhales, and she has been nothing but kind to him, and he’s not in the best condition to snap. So, “Mah Baby” he says.
In his moments of dying, it is understandable that all he can think about is Baby. He thinks about running his fingers along the black metal of her hood, the eyes that followed her when she pulled into town, the smell of leather,
When the death metal trap gains a grip on the sky, Dean finally rests his head on the seat. Three minutes of silence, and he says, “Baby is my car.” He can suddenly hear very loud, relatively, his own voice echoing in his ears.
again and again in his ear, as if it's filling up the space between them, and Dean feels a lump in his throat grow, because damn it, he
"It would be a shame, prince, if your little jaunt into our realm was misinterpreted as an act of war, don't you think?" the lord says, and Dean knows immediately what's going to happen next.
Cookie and Eve, because they were tired of standing, slid into Samuel and Jack’s vacated seats at the table, and although they were nervous at sitting so close to the two lovebirds in denial, the men did not make any indication that the women were anything but invisible, as was often the case in their supernatural world, so it was here that they watched Dean and Cas’ love story unfold.
I promise you that I will no longer be such a bother. I hope that you don’t mind that I took your umbrella. When I have the means, I will find a way to return it to you.
Cas doesn’t end up moving from Dean’s bedroom. He doesn’t because when Dean finally braves walking in, he finds Cas tossing and turning in bed delirious with a fever.
When Castiel and Dean Winchester at last broke for air, Dean let out a little breathless laugh, leaned against Castiel with their foreheads touching, before Castiel cupped Dean’s face and kissed him softly again.
“We can’t go out there,” Dean says. “Not until”—he motions with a thumb between them—“this thing with us is done.”
It happens maybe once in a while. Or maybe it happens more than that. He’ll be up and then there’ll be screaming. He’ll be lying in bed on his side and then Jack’s nightmares will echo throughout the whole goddamn bunker, reverberating deep into Dean’s own disquieting dreams.
. He knows if Benny did, the vampire would be taking his last breath, and yet a small part of him wants Benny to know everything, wants him to know that Cas is
The gunslinger’s firing his pistol haphazardly, and Dean doesn’t know how he doesn’t have to stop and reload after every bullet (but he’s an entity and maybe that means magic bullets).
It doesn’t take forever. Not like last time. He doesn’t falter. His voice is smooth when he rejects the devil and god. Maybe it’s because he thinks he’s seen something tangible of Cas, something outside of his dreams and the tricks that his mind plays on him when he’s awake. Maybe it’s because it’s not hard to reject dick angels if Cas…if some part of Cas is still alive.
, Sam thinks, eyes squeezed firmly shut, but the longer that he resists, the more awake that he feels.
But today, Jack’s not done. Today, his curiosity must be only something that Google can’t answer because he’s still looking at Dean with that eagerness in his eyes and, “If you had married my father, what would his last name have been?” he asks.
The man explains how he’s here to inspect the apartment’s fire extinguishers. Apparently the whole complex got the e-mail, Dean tells him, and launches into a long explanation, which starts off with a lot of stammering because Dean still seems to be in shock about his almost untimely demise, and during which Cas is acutely aware of the fact that he’s still straddling the man without any clothes on.
Dean swallows. He takes a few shallow breaths, tries to avoid the angel’s eyes, the angel’s face. He’s afraid if he looks, he’ll see the helpless visage that had tempted him at the wall—Cas, bleeding, broken, in distress.
. Cas’ tongue seeks entrance to Dean’s mouth and Dean just lets him, so eager, all of his previous convictions gone in an instant, and he wonders briefly if it’s Cas who’s doing this to him, making him want the angel so bad. But then he finds that he’s hard for the first time in months, finds that he doesn’t care what the damn truth is, not when he’s arching up against the angel who’s got him ensnared. It’s just the same—it’s just the same feeling over and over again reverberating throughout his goddamn mind.
That’s the moment there, Dean thinks, where he knows that he should say it, stop being a coward and tell Cas what he needs to tell him, what Cas already knows, but his lips are still sealed shut by the end of that night and he can’t say it, because Cas will just think that he’s telling him what he wants to hear now. But for a moment he can't help wonder if Cas kept his dilemma a secret because Dean can't seem to make his voice work.
“What are you going to do?” Cas asks, and his eyes are focused on Dean’s face, but they flick away for the briefest second, meet Sam’s chest and Cas knows, Sam realizes. So maybe Sam should stay where he is. “These are drastic measures, Dean.”
After they finish their beers, Sam’s gone, says he needs an early night but he gives Dean a meaningful look before he leaves, a little jerk of his head in Cas’ direction—Cas who’s sitting there looking at the beer in his hands, picking at the label with small slow movements, sad movements.
Because it’s not like Dean doesn’t see it. There’s a fervour in Aarif that Dean recognizes. It’s one that’s fierce and unstoppable, a desperation that doesn’t cease until everything that can be done has been done. Because Aarif’s not Alejandro, sixty-three years old and patient. He’s not Rob, who’s fifty-six and still can’t seem to behave. Aarif’s
Their lips move then, wildly, passionately, in unison, and Dean thrusts his hips upwards, rolls them in a slow grind that makes Cas moan right into his mouth.
He finds him there, by the lake amongst the trees, and he looks the same as ever, his dark hair, his rough stubbly tanned face. Dean thinks he’s being silent, maybe even stealthy, but Cas suddenly stares right at him, and then Dean realizes that he’s been screaming himself hoarse, and he doesn’t know how long, but Cas’ name has been a prayer on his lips.
Sam’s now in the booth alone—Dean and Cas had decided to move to the dance floor just as a really disgustingly romantic slow dance song had come on (“What better way to find the witch, Sammy?”). Sam’s feeling kind of lonely and dejected. He scans the audience from time to time, but he keeps eyeing his brother. Sam’s not sure why but something about the two of them dancing seems really familiar, as if maybe he’d seen them pull the same shenanigans with each other at a friend’s wedding or something (except that’s not possible because all of their friends are dead). Heck, Sam observes, they’re naturals, perfectly in tune.
So it was no surprise, really, that when the clock struck midnight and Halloween reared its ugly head again, that upon discovering a fluffy black kitten with blue eyes licking its paws and nestling on his bed, Dean immediately called Sam.
Cas, in need of his help? Not another angel out to get him. Not another monster who’ll take him and do god knows what.
“Can you free your arms now?” Cas says and his voice rumbles at the back of Dean’s neck, vibrations sending a shiver down Dean’s spine, and Dean just tries to keep breathing.
Sam sighs, starts playing a game on Dean’s phone while he tries to wait out the mundane. For a second, he considers texting Dean’s girlfriend, but ultimately decides not to since she hasn’t responded (and also because he’s afraid that he might hear her phone vibrating from somewhere creepy—oh god, what if she’s in the closet? What if she comes out?).
“Come on,” Dean says, because Cas is tired, it’s true and Cas’ eyes keep fluttering every few seconds. “Come on now,” Dean says and he gets up out of his seat and pulls Cas to his feet. “You’re tuckered out. Time for bed.”
They go on cases. They go on cases and they stop at Jody Mills’ place, and it’s the end of July and two months too late when Dean delivers the news to Claire.
Dean moves toward him then, presses a hand to his shoulder, really just wants to cradle his face, and if Cas sees the desperation that’s running off Dean in waves, he doesn’t show it.
However, perhaps the mayor was not as recovered from his various illnesses as he had told his front desk man, for when Eve Christian walked through the door, the man seemed shocked, and clutched at his heart, gasping, “I think I’m having a heart attack!”. Mrs. Christian almost fainted, such was her concern, but then, as soon as Cookie coincidentally entered the room, the mayor patted his chest, coughed exactly one time, and murmured, “Oh…false call,” and sat back down at his desk remarkably quick.
Laundry days are Sundays. On those days, Cas’ job at the library ends at six o’clock, just in time for dinner. But before he comes home, Dean does the laundry.
The endearment slips out unbidden. Hell, it’s not even the first one that Dean’s uttered today, because apparently signing those papers and legally binding himself in matrimony to Cas had made him picture himself as the Best Husband Ever, and now he can’t stop acting like they’re a thing even when divorce post-case is inevitable (being married might’ve been his biggest dream as a kid).
When Dean’s phone goes missing, the mystery’s solved when they reach the motel room and Jack’s eyes are fixated on the screen.
De—De—Sam?—no—De—he doesn’t know why, not at all, but when he looks at the man’s picture, his breath catches in his throat and his stomach feels funny, as if this is a crisis, all of this, just looking at the picture of the man in the trench coat, and—and now he wants to see the man, more desperately than before.
Dean asks for two separate rooms with one bed each—or at least until Sam points out that there are three of them who need to sleep, now that Cas isn’t an angel anymore.
So this time when he rolls his hips, it’s not because he’s seeking to forget. This time, he grinds back with calculated purpose, reinventing his plan when the angel decides to throw a hitch in it. With Dean’s movements, the angel stirs, grips Dean’s arm harder as another strange bolt of pleasure runs through his body, so unlike the piercing pain that he’d experienced back at the camp. The whole while, the angel watches him, seems to feast his eyes on the sight of Dean’s mouth, is gonna kiss him any second, like when he’d claimed him.
He caresses Dean's cheek, smiles as if his heart has grown fonder in the last six months that he's been absent, and presses his mouth to Dean's ear, whispering, whispering, whispering.
“Dean Winchester,” they finally say and the uneasiness clinging to the air seems to intensify. “Your brother contacted us today to report back on the progress of his mission. He wished to speak with you.”
With the barest twitch of grace, Castiel’s familiar trench coat morphs and he wears what his facsimile wears to bed every night.
Heck, Sam doesn’t know what’s happened there, in the bathroom, because suddenly Dean and Cas are shouting, voices echoing off the tiles in there, and damn it, Sam doesn’t even know what to do, because it really,
you were looking at her. What was this, huh? What was”—Dean’s voice deepens, mimicking Cas’ gravelly tone—“‘
Heck, Dean’s pacing starts getting on Sam’s nerves. Sam tries to concentrate, because any moment, the witch is going to plaster his lips to Cas’, swirl his tongue and Cas is going to give them the signal to shoot, but instead, Sam’s looking back behind his shoulder every two seconds because Dean seems to be having some sort of nervous breakdown.
Sam had always shielded him. He’d never let Dean see when the victims had been brought through the gate.
Dean pulls Cas in, just grabs him and there’s a bit of difficult manoeuvring, but then it’s Cas this time who’s forced up against the wall, and it’s Dean whose nose is buried at the base of Cas’ neck, who’s pressing fervent kisses there and Cas is gasping and Dean doesn’t know what’s come over him—he just doesn’t.
When he’s praying, Sam knows better than to disturb him. Sam continues his work quietly, except it’s been a year now, and even the books that Sam’s found on road trips to other hunter libraries don’t yield much. But maybe because he’s always been stubborn, he doesn’t stop. Sam keeps searching for clues, keeps trying spells while Dean searches for a way into the Empty (but maybe praying’s become his best shot).
"I do love you," Dean says, a perceptible tremor in his voice that threatens to break apart his words. "Don't you dare question it again."
Dean wants to say, but he doesn’t. He doesn’t because the look passes and then it’s the angel at the wall again, the angel who’s been wearing Cas’ face, who has Dean hoping against hope that it’s
The demon wasn’t happy. The demon scowled. It seemed her plan to drive a wedge between the two men had failed miserably and backfired on her. “Hey!” she said and snapped her fingers. “I don’t got all day. Still gotta be back in time for
Dean shifts the slightest, feels like he oughta be squirming and pushing away, but doesn’t bother. He’s still sleepy. With his eyes shut, he can pretend that it’s Cas with him, that they’re in Dean’s bedroom in the bunker where their most pressing concern is maybe a cranky ghost in need of a salt and burn, that—
Sam’s heart drops in his chest. Could it be that they’d broken up? He also gets the feeling that Dean’s girlfriend doesn’t really get how to use emoticons despite her voracious appetite for them.
in his eyes. There’s terrible, terrible righteous power that emanates from the angel’s bones as the angel moves. And then the angel's standing again, has his face pressed right up against the grate, nose meeting the warded metal.
The stunned silence that follows Alastair's declaration is one that Dean has never heard in the lord's court before.
The bed in the old couple’s guest bedroom is pushed right up against the wall so when Cas crawls in under the sheets, he moves to the very edge of the bed, until his head and knees touch the wall, too.
Cas thinks of how to answer. Cas thinks of the intricate way his tongue will twist when he speaks, of how he can say what he means while burying the truth under four layers of falsehoods. But then Dean’s arms tighten around him and Dean buries his face into the back of his neck, so simply, quietly, Cas says, “Because I love you.”
before he had hurled the contents of his stomach right onto her husband’s grave! Oh, how she had cried then, sobbing noisily, unable to contain her grief, but the Winchesters had been busy making their own commotion so her misery had largely gone unnoticed. As soon as Castiel had emptied his stomach, Dean Winchester had run to him, cradled the man in his arms as if he was afraid that Castiel was on his death bed, and had promptly told his brother to come with him and forget the strange noise—i.e. Mrs. Christian’s haunting wail—because
His voice cracks. He stares up at them with quivering lips. But he can’t talk. He keeps thinking of Cas, picturing his coat, his goddamn tie. His face, he can’t remember anymore. Two months ago, it had become a blur in his mind. Now he has to use memories to bring Cas into focus, but even then, they’re not enough.
Sam and Jack are asleep. It’s only Dean who’s awake, only Dean who’s still sitting up in bed, phone pressed to his ear and
Dean laughs. He’s antsy from being trapped in the cave, and every mention of paradise—from Mom, from Monique, or the fucking angel who slithers in each night to tell them bedtime stories of a place where everything’s perfect and painless—only drives him up the wall faster. Dean’s lived long enough to know a place like that isn’t real—can’t be—and pretending, even for a moment, is something that makes his blood boil.
Dean lathers up his hands with shampoo, works it into Cas’ hair. Cas usually closes his eyes but today, he keeps them open.
When Dean doesn’t budge, for a second there, Sam thinks he’s going to die. Sam’s life starts flashing before his eyes, memories of being an infant when things were so much simpler, memories of Sam’s birthday and a pizza that Dean had set on fire once when they hadn’t had cake to put a candle in—heck, Sam even starts remembering his time in the Cage as a happy memory. He’s already thinking about his pre-written self-addressed eulogy (okay, so maybe Sam shouldn’t have done that because
Cas fidgets by the shore for a long time before he says, “I want to cut out my grace. I want to be human.”
Cas hesitates. For a moment. But there’s logic in them going at it together and it only takes a split second for Cas to grab his hand and take his seat behind Dean.
Sam grits his teeth and thinks of barging in. Isn’t it for the better? If the world’s in danger, Sam’s willing to risk the destruction of his mind if it means that they can get back to saving people, hunting things, the family—but then Sam’s jolted out of his thoughts.
So that’s what Dean and Cas do. That’s what they do right up to the moment where the motel charges them $123,457 for damaged furniture because sex with an angel is loud enough to warrant a noise complaint and wild enough to destroy an entire room.
“Calm down, kiddo. C’mon,” he says, voice soothing and paternal, when he sees the gun in Aarif’s hand, finally away from Mary’s forehead if only to be pointed at this elderly man. “Look—”
weeks and weeks that the lord hasn’t wanted Dean seen or heard by the others in the court, hasn’t wanted Dean to lie with a stranger, to pry secrets from the mouth of some drunk noble who’s all too busy trying to clumsily impale Dean on his cock. It’s a
“What’s wrong?” Dean says as he drags Cas back to the mattress. Cas’ hand is moving, clawing towards the direction of the doorknob, and he wants to get out but he must realize what motion he’s making because he stops flailing and doesn’t resist Dean.
Cookie and Eve, on the other hand, sat in terrified silence, still afraid that whatever spell that this despicable spawn of Satan had cast on them would soon enough wear off, but Dean Winchester did not notice them, instead tiredly moving about as he placed the scattered cookware back in its place. By the time he was done, Castiel had returned and he stood by the entrance to the kitchen, as if unsure his presence was welcome.
“Now why would your friend do that?” Woody asked. “You two have an argument, son? That’s no reason to go fraternizing. Communication and commitment is what makes a relationsh—”
Okay, Dean realizes that there’s only one way to avoid getting murdered—he has to get Castiel to fall in love with him.
Then Cas pulls away, shuns the touch that Dean’s hands offer him and Dean drops his hands to Cas’ thighs, grips him there so tightly and tries to keep the angel from leaving him.
was gross. The lady sitting next to him rubs her palm against his back and he sighs into the bag. They haven’t even taken off yet. Fan-fucking-tastic.
, as if daring him to come back to life, and presses his lips to his cold forehead. Cas touches his own forehead, a ghost touch making the hair on his spine stand. Dean follows by pressing a kiss to each eyelid, then caresses his face, the way he still does.
him, because that Cas is oozing with black goo, as if he swallowed the empty and now it’s clawing its way out through his skin. But it’s slimy, and liquid-
Dirty, bloody water drips down Dean’s chest, as he holds the coat closer, bunches it together. Cas looks at his own attire, a dark blue jacket over a flannel and a t-shirt, then back at the dirty trench coat clutched in Dean’s hands. “You
With that he falls on his haunches, lost. Threads his fingers with the body lying limp on the ground, and that’s-
“No”, Cas squares his shoulders, readying them for a fight. “Don’t end the conversation. Are you jealous?”
where he is, so he tries not to. Instead, he finds Kelly, eyes shut in a peaceful, forever sleep, and whispers to her, “You would have been proud of him.”
Dean turns to face him from the other bed and sees Cas with his back propped on the headboard, feet stretched and ankles crossed, and from where Dean sees him, there’s an awry halo around his hair. “Did they not have a third room?”
mad, thinks he has every right to, but he can see the anger leaving Cas, morphing into something tender yet uglier. And he- well,
Dean chuckles, and smiles at Mary, face fond and bright, and perhaps, hopefully, forgiving. “Yeah. Guess I do.”
Sam, go through so much shit that, well, a dead mother was better than him. Me though, I’m- not a very good parent. I’ve never been a teenager. Dean has, and he was a parent back then, too. In many ways. That’s why he can figure out her problems with her.”
This earns a laugh from Dean. “Touché. Yeah, I mean. Me too. Going to a friends. She just had a daughter. The rest of the family’s already there.”
right now. The face he receives now is exactly what one might expect after telling a stranger that they, a forty something, have a fifty three year old baby. The airplane thinks now is the perfect time to make things worse and leaves the ground.
“I- I don’t think it’s my place to tell you this, but Dean was- always, was your son. You were gone before he realized this and.” Cas glares at her, eyes cobalt and cold. “And I would appreciate it if you don’t hurt him. Again.”
The car is quiet, no music to fill the space, and both Cas and Mary watch Dean walk over to Claire. When he’s there, he opens his arms and Claire almost throws herself at him, clutching the back of his shirt in her fists. Mary looks at Cas, a little uncertain, and Cas’ eyes crinkle, something soft and wistful. When they’re walking back to the car, Dean talking, with his arm around her shoulder protectively, Mary takes in her appearance. She has blonde, long hair, wrapped in two pigtails. Her navy t-shirt is layered over with a darker flannel shirt, outfit finished with combat boots beneath her dark wash jeans. She looks just like Dean.
“First flight?” she asks, and as nice she is, this is the worst moment one could choose to try and make conversation.
“Dean,” Cas says, and Dean sits up, makes space for him on his bed, “Mary’s- she doesn’t understand, and that’s hardly her fault.”
Dean pinches his eyes shut. His t-shirt clings tight to his back, an invisible sheet of sweat covers his forehead and top lip. He can hear the blood in his veins and his pulse picks up the pace and his heart is going to bounce right out of his chest. His breathing is uneven, erratic and if
Cas shakes his head, but he’s smiling too. He takes Dean’s hand in his, flattening their palms together, and tracing the crevices on Dean’s with his index finger. Eyes fixed at where their hands are together, Cas says, “I wasn’t flirting with her, Dean.” Dean tips his head up again, and it’s Cas who initiates the kiss this time, only breaking off to repeat, “I really wasn’t. I
If he doesn’t make it, then what? He has saved the world, how many times now? Doesn’t even matter. Dean Winchester, renowned in the many planes of existence, will die in a plane crash. You know what’s worse? That with him will die the sixty-eight passengers and he can do absolutely nothing to save them. His face whitens, and it’s apparent enough for the lady to place a palm on his arm.
“Not just that. I mean.” She huffs. “Things like this didn’t happen back then.  It’s just. Weird to understand, I guess.”
They stand there, fuming quietly, and after he’s done unpacking and putting the contents of the bag away, Cas proceeds to turn the kettle on, probably for his tea. He slams the cupboard door loud enough that the boxes in the shelf under rattle, and Dean snaps his head and balls his fists. “
His life almost flashes before his eyes. But his chest feels tight and then his stomach feels funny and, --and where
Mary looks at Claire, again, now that she’s closer. Her eyes are the same color as Cas, their nose structure the same. There’s a tear streak from the corner of an eye, blackened at the corner and wiped in fury. She is beautiful, and she has the same face as Cas, but all Mary sees is Dean. Dean, her little girl Deanna, her big son Dean.
He just knew, and he knows still, and when he forgets, when it starts being unreal, he has his family. He has Sam, he has Cas, he has Claire, and perhaps,
Are you hearing yourself? How does that- Dean, listen” Cas restarts, taking of his glasses and pinching the bridge of his nose, as if Dean’s being really obtuse right now. He’s not. He’s
dead him, but Cas stays behind. He waits as the Impala peels away with a roar, and crawls over to the crib. There are stuffed toys and rattles cluttered around, and Cas outlines the seam of a stuffed grey koala plushie with his index finger. Sees the letters J A C K in different colors, and smiles.
He kisses Cas. On the corner of Cas' mouth. He kisses him and Cas jolts back in surprise; he wasn't expecting this.
Dean coughs a lot and Cas finally manages to look at him, and after a long moment where they stare at each other a bit too long and Cas notices that Dean has a very attractive mouth, Dean forgives him, pats Cas on the shoulder awkwardly, while gruffly reassuring him that it “could’ve happened to anybody, buddy,” and after another coughing fit, Cas scrambles off the man and they finally meet in a vertical position.
“Look, I’ll tell you guys what you need to know or, well, most of it because screw you—I should’ve had Castiel to myself. You can banish me to Hell after, I don’t really care. But if you want the full story, and it’s a pretty juicy story, guys...well, then I want what I deserve like—like a four-story yacht or—or a kiss.
When it’s over, they lie still, exhausted, sated. He lies there with his head against Cas’ chest and Cas runs his fingers through his hair, caresses his body as if he loves
Every point where their skin touches across the grate feels like fire. Every place where Cas’ skin meets the sigilled metal makes his hand bleed and colour Dean’s own fingers red.
It’s too gross. Dean sees the frilly white covers of the queen size bed and kind of wants to vomit (but that just might be from the smell of severed tentacles that’s emanating from their bodies).
It seemed Cookie wasn’t the only person pulled out of her thoughts by the demon’s voice. Dean and Sam seemed startled themselves, and Sam, for his part, guilty for having gotten distracted by his brother’s love life, opened his mouth to say something, but Belphegor interrupted:
“We don’t have anyone but each other, Dean,” he says, and years ago, that seemed so right, Dean thinks, but now it seems like damnation. “Promise me you won’t go. Promise me we’ll get through this.”
Cas wants silences between them because they are happy. Cas wants silences that are comfortable and that fit into their lives like puzzle pieces because they’re supposed to be there.
“You are…very beautiful, Dean, did you know that?” Castiel mumbled and from across the graveyard, Samuel Winchester’s face twisted into an expression of confusion.
He thinks of one now. He thinks of colourful pink plaid and a stomach filled to bursting. He thinks of the buzz of diners and
Sam keeps scrolling. He stops when he sees a long list of numbers. Confused, he scrolls to the start of the conversation.
Dean knows that he should get up. Dean knows that they should separate and that the hands that he’s got clenched around Cas’ shoulders should slacken, should let Cas go.
But Dean Winchester pressed a finger to his lips, shushing his brother, no doubt because the drunk city man was already opening his mouth to complain about breaking the fourth wall of their artificial relationship. Oh, how many drinks did he have in him?! How was he still standing upright?! It seemed that with time, despite both the evildoers arriving at the cemetery together in a state of intoxication, Dean Winchester had only grown more sober while Castiel had only become more and more befuddled. She shuddered to imagine the headache that the city man would no doubt have the following morning. Would he even remember this night? Would he remember the tender moments that he had shared with Dean Winchester at this cemetery or even at Cookie’s diner, or would he forget them all and go on his date with the woman from the gas station, while Dean Winchester would lie in bed awake at night, missing the city man and reliving their romance night after night in his mind? Mrs. Christian did not know why, but the word
This time, Sam pretends that he’s fed up with research. He pretends that he still hasn’t found the wendigo, even though it’s been days that he’s known. They’d even driven past its hiding spot.
“He never stays, Sam,” Dean says and he’s desperate and he’s hurting and it’s like it happened yesterday. It’s like Cas’ yes to Lucifer just happened not more than a day ago. “Cas always leaves. He always leaves.”
The sounds of the guards’ boots follow quickly enough. They thump on in, watch him writhe, apprehensive that it’s just an escape attempt, and when the prisoner in the cell next to Dean’s starts wailing, too, they don’t know what to think. But maybe it goes on for far too long. Maybe it’s so obvious that it’s real, because soon enough, the door’s open, the two guards crouched beside him while he gasps and gasps even as the other prisoner goes quiet.
They make it on foot. They follow the sight of smoke and Dean’s running like he’s ten years younger, Dean’s scrambling to get there, and truth be told, he doesn’t look, doesn’t need to see the smoke, because he already knows where to go, and when the old barn at last comes into sight, the one where they first met, he barrels through the doors, the wood splintering under his hands.
Cas gives him a long suffering sigh. The sun beats down on them. Maybe Dean shouldn’t be surprised that their bed ran ashore and stuck them on a fucking desert island. Sea, lake, river, Dean doesn't even fucking know.
. He was an alright fellow, she supposed, or would be if he cut that dratted hair of his. The elder brother simply nodded and grunted something unintelligible, pushing the city man along. She eyed them in her anti-theft mirror as they went further down the aisle, but it wasn’t difficult for her to hear their bickering.
He has only a few belongings. He hopes that Sam will not mind that he has taken an umbrella for the rain.
Dean starts lingering every time he heads over to the guy’s apartment, trying to get a foot in through the door (while being acutely aware of the fact that the dude’s been sending him death threats for two whole weeks now).
And maybe Bobby had thought that, too, as he’d furrowed his eyes at the spot, glaring at the sandy terrain, looking for imprints of Cas’ wings and body. But there had been nothing there. The wind had swept away any marks that could’ve been left and the ground had looked untouched.
“I was on my way, Sam,” Dean hears Cas say. Cas’ voice is steady. But Dean still hears the little pause. “I…I’ll go back now.”
Maybe it’s because he can’t get himself to continue. His fingers dig into the angel’s wings but there’s a lump in his throat and he doesn’t have the energy to finish off the rest of the feathers.
Downstairs, his father watching him over his coffee (black, 1 sugar), his eyes, dark, merciless, watching like a cat about to spring. Castiel shifted, uncomfortable with the attention, picking at the sickly sweet croissant, in front of him. Part of him hungry, the other part, knowing he didn’t deserve to eat, relishing the pain. No words between the two of them, what more could be said? The silence between the two of them, oppressive, Castiel wanted to apologise, wanted to say he didn’t mean to run, he just wanted it be to ok again. His father got up, looked at his watch and broke the silence;
After that he had walked to the hospital – a considerable distance, particularly as he didn’t know the way and had to constantly stop to ask for directions. It struck him that he had never been allowed to wander around the city. He was 21 and had barely been out of the house without his father. He walked slowly, enjoying the intense feeling of connection with everything around him; he felt compelled to touch everything which certainly slowed his progress. He also became fascinated by a bee that was pollinating several flowers. He stared at it for 10 minutes. He decided to name the bee, Gerald. So when he finally arrived at the hospital, he was turned away. Visiting hours had long since past. He was starting to come down at this point. He didn’t know what to do, so he just sunk down on the sidewalk outside the hospital. He just wanted to see his father! But he couldn’t! And he certainly couldn’t face another hike back to the place he was staying, oh yeah that was Dean’s! Castiel had almost forgotten about Dean. Maybe Dean would give him a ride? But then he wasn’t sure he wanted Dean to see him in this state. He remembered the conversation they had before where Dean had asked him about getting high. He didn’t want Dean to look at him in the same accusatory, judgemental way. Surely if Dean realised how wonderful it was to get high, he would not expect Castiel to be in any other state? But then his thoughts turned to Sam, his oding. He couldn't handle it. Not like Castiel. He thought then of his own brother. He checked the time. 7pm. Maybe it was about time that he sorted this situation once and for all. He walked back into the hospital, he found a payphone. Reversing the charges, he called the number of the man who really would be able to help him find Gabriel. He called Dick Roman.
” Dean trailed off as Cas lead out another sob. Without a thought, Dean stepped forward and grabbed the man in a close hug, before awkwardly stepping back
Dean parked his car outside (another!) set of gates of the house (i.e. mansion) of his potential employer and let out a low whistle. Even from the road, he could see the place was huge. He was trying not to be impressed. More than students, Dean hated rich people, they were all the same. They all believed themselves to be better than him just because they drove fancy cars and owned a big pile of bricks, hell they didn’t know what life was really like. They were weak, living in a dream world. They would never be able to survive a real life, a life like Dean’s. He pushed the intercom system. No answer. He pushed it again. No answer. He checked his watch, he was on time. He pushed it again, and held it longer.
night, was doing lying on his brother’s bed. Sam shifted uncomfortably with the realisation that he had never quite got round to talking to Castiel, to thanking him, for what he had done for him, if anything he had kindof avoided him. Of course he had sent a text but the whole night, what happened, going to hospital, it was all so.....embarrassing, god he didn’t recognise himself. And despite his brother’s reservations, he was totally being super healthy now - the whole thing with Ruby, being left in the dirty bathroom to od, it had been a massive wake-up call. And yeah he had been lucky, he hadn’t gone in too far with it all. Of course Ruby had tried a couple of times to get back in touch but she had given up pretty damn easy in Sam’s opinion when he didn’t bother taking her calls. He hadn’t even seen her in class, seemed like she had just dropped out. He hadn’t been tempted once to call her, to take just one more pill.......well not really....
In the car, on the way to Castiel’s house, both occupants silent, the atmosphere tense. Dean was pissed, outwardly he had complained that he didn’t have time to do this extra driving when he was VERY busy doing important work. Inwardly he was...he couldn’t explain, but he just knew he didn’t want to spend more time with this stupid guy, this stupid guy with the deepest blue eyes, sex-tousled curls and tightest of asses (oh god, his ass...). Whilst Dean was contemplating Castiel’s ass, Castiel lent his head against the window and sighed gently. He dreaded going back to the house; the cold, silent rooms, his father’s suffocating presence which seeped into every empty space and the just never knowing; never knowing what mood his father would be in, what his father would do, never knowing how to make things better.....He always got it wrong. Dean heard Castiel’s gentle sigh, and took a side-wards peak. He just looked so lost, so sad. And looking closer, Dean noticed the dark circles under Castiel’s eyes, almost bruised in appearance, the extreme paleness of his skin, his fragile thinness. And despite himself, Dean felt an urge to draw him close, to hold him....“
Zachariah released his fingers then, sitting back and surveying Castiel’s beauty. He took in his slim body’ scarred from his previous assaults, took in the recent bruises and cuts; angry welts still visible on his cock, a patchwork of bruises on his thighs and ass. Zachariah licked his lips. “
But he had learnt a way to release the hidden demon; it came in the way of a razor, his nails, a knife, sharp keys, a cigarette, instruments that could cut and burn the demon out.
and releasing his fingers from Castiel, he flipped him over to his stomach and pulled him to his knees, exposing his ass, lusting after that tight hole. He grabbed some lube, rubbing it over himself. Then he positioned himself, taking his cock and pressing it to Castiel’s entrance;
away. His mind was fuzzy, unable to make a decision and the guy was yelling at him through the intercom (ok maybe not yelling, but he had that insistent tone that Castiel found hard to refuse). And then when he opened the door, Castiel almost fell over himself, this guy was just that hot. Green eyes, reminding him of a forest dappled with sunlight, tanned skin and a toned body beneath a tight black AC/DC shirt (oh yeah a body to absolutely die for). Castiel never lusted after anyone, not ever, not really. He just found sex and bodies just too disgusting, too shameful. But this guy, this guy was making him sweat. He tried to play it cool, the medication numbing him despite his growing heat. He sauntered through the house and grabbed the vodka and lemonade (well 5 parts vodka, 1 part lemonade still counts as V&L right?) as soon as he could. He didn’t know what to say, he never knew what to say, so stupid. So he let Dean wander around the garden by himself. He wished he could go over, make conversation. But then what would be the point? He sighed. He was definitely not worthy even being a quick fuck from that sort of man. He was just worthless, ugly, disgusting. Besides his father.....
Dean kinda regretted offering Cas his help since it would mean he would have to see him again. But then again a part of himself, a buried part, was secretly pleased.
He turned to display a particularly oily smile; one which was returned with an equal lack of sincerity. Castiel turned also, he hadn’t seen Dick Roman for a couple of months, thank god. Dick had been one of his father’s clients, who had become somewhat of a friend to Zachariah. Or rather he invited Zachariah and his friends to his elaborate parties; parties with all the boys they could want. Castiel grimaced as he remembered. But trips to Dick’s parties had stopped some time ago. Now he only saw Dick at public events, like the one that day.
And then one day, when Dean was about 16 and Sam was 14, their father disappeared. He just didn’t come home. At first the brothers just thought he had gone on an extra long holiday with his two favourite girls (whiskey and gin). But after 5 days and no word, they began to worry. Because even though their father was mostly drunk, neglectful and sometimes even physically abusive, both boys found that there was part of themselves that still felt love for him. And so they called his phone and left messages. And they called all the people they could think of who might know their father’s whereabouts (i..e. the landlord of John’s favourite pubs, the local loan shark, and Bobby, their dad’s childhood friend). No one would knew. But Bobby took pity on the boys. Although he and John had become somewhat estranged, he didn’t think it was right to leave the boys of his once-best friend, all alone. At first, the brothers coming to stay, was just a temporary arrangement, just until John got back. But as the days stretched into weeks and then months, Bobby had found himself dreading John’s return. Thought he would miss Sam’s kindness, his eagerness to learn everything Bobby had to offer; would miss Dean’s toughness, which hid the softness underneath; would miss the brothers’ cheeky banter, their noise around the place lightening things up. Bobby hated to admit it but before the boys had come, he had been lonely. But John never returned, was never found. When Dean had got older and he and Bobby had started the PI business, they had tried to look for him, but without success. Bobby had just patted Dean on the shoulder and said gruffly
Castiel tried to drown him out, tried to focus on the job in hand. His father grabbed his hair, painfully pulling at it, holding his head steady as he fucked shamelessly into his mouth. Castiel trying to match the pace, keeping his jaw locked, thinking of nothing else but sucking and breathing. And then he felt it-his father’s cum-hit the back of his throat, bitter and thick as he swallowed it all down. His father pulled up his pants;
They were sitting across from each other in a little booth, pie and coffee ordered (Castiel just ordered the coffee, the same way as Dean’s; cream, two sugars). There were a few zoned out hippie heads playing pool in the corner; the barman was idly flicking through the student paper. Basically the place was dead, it was far too early. Regardless, Dean didn’t notice the surroundings, was too absorbed in the quiet man in front of him, who kept shifting nervously in his seat. Neither of them said anything for awhile, until Dean broke the silence.
Afterwards, his father had released him, cooing over him, tending his wounds, washing him, hugging him, like a strangler vine, tighter and tighter. And Castiel had been so relieved at the end of his painful isolation, so relieved that his father loved him again, that he had hugged him back, kissed him back. And then he had lain back on the bed for his father, opening his legs, whilst his father had inspected his hole further. He had clenched as his father had wormed a single digit into him;
Dean said under his breath, but loud enough for Castiel to hear. Dean didn’t know what to say, just suddenly had irrepressible urge to get the hell out.
But whilst Balthazar had helped him out, Castiel wouldn’t describe him as a friend. More a business associate. That he is, he supplied Castiel with all the additional medication (i.e. weed, vicodin, cocaine...) that he could want.
Cas looked down, he hadn’t eaten anything yesterday, too nervous about going out with his father. But he didn’t want anything now, didn’t deserve anything.
He could see feel the rush inside him. But it wasn’t enough, there was something else there too – it was dread. Balthazar sighed,
Dean woke up the next day, his head pounding (not unusual) and a warm body curled into his (slightly more unusual). So yeah, he had taken out this Lisa chick, nothing fancy, just food at a local diner, drinks....and well it would have been rude not to have accepted the invitation to go back to hers. But then even with the alcohol flowing through his veins and her soft curves pushing into his hard edges, it had been well......awkward. Lisa was definitely beautiful with rich brown eyes and chocolate brown curls framing her elfin like face, everyone wanted her, that was for sure. But as she lay looking up at him as he moved inside her, it just felt blank. No passion, no desire. Somehow he had kept himself hard. Well, thoughts of Dr Sexy usually did the trick; although as it went on Dr Sexy had morphed into a familiar man with a tight ass and permanent bed head.
And as he walked away, all grace and elegance, Dean watched him go. What the hell had he happened? He must have been possessed. Yeah that must have been it.
Oh God, Dean thought, what the frack am I doing? Am I really trying to impress Cas? However, it seemed to work, Cas did indeed look suitably impressed.
When he was 21, he had decided he needed to get it out of his system. So without leaving it to chance, he had hired a professional; Jimmy, a prostitute. He had been tall, but shorter than Dean with bright blue eyes and a wicked smile. They had gone for a drink in a bar first and then gone back to a motel room in the nearby area. But Dean hadn’t gone through with it, had wanted to.....but Jimmy had drugged him and taken his money. He woke up the next day, a banging headache, no money and nothing to show for it. He decided his father was right, being gay was a bad choice.
There’s a sharp intake of breath from Cas then and he’s still gazing down at his lap, at his hands, and he doesn’t see Dean coming.
But Aarif doesn’t. He still tosses and turns. He still talks in his sleep. But it’s about things that make it clear to Dean that he can’t even ask the man about what he said. Instead, Aarif’s mouth opens to mutter about
He motions to Cas, urging him to cut the phone and hand it over (he’d wanted to talk to his new family member), but Cas is utterly absorbed in his conversation and doesn’t see Dean.
“Oh, yeah, Cas?” Dean’s saying, and his voice is just getting louder and louder. “’Cause that’s not what it looked like. Cut the crap. I
The angel gazes at him, eyes alight with triumph at his own conquest. Dean shuts his eyes, just as the angel’s grip on his jaw tightens painfully. And then when Dean looks back, the angel’s greed finally catches up with him. The angel starts leaning in, starts to make a move for Dean’s mouth.
Dean’s in the middle of helping Cas out of the chair when she says, “And now your boyfriend will be able to appreciate that fresh breath.”
the impression was given when u kept tossing my sign into oncoming traffic if i put it in front of ur shop door.
and Dean, after one glance at Belphegor, completely apprised himself of the situation. The brothers had their silent conversation then, and a moment later, Sam Winchester turned back to the demon and said, “Name your price.”
Dean and he have grown since Cas found this guy (even though the bastard apparently told Cas that he loved someone else, and then stopped answering Cas’ texts, just at the same moment that Cas sent the dude Dean’s worst nightmare—dick pics).
Cas presses the flat of his hand harder against the metal, as if he wants the same thing, as if he wishes the grate weren’t there. Dean’s hand is as tight against the metal as it can go, and
Sam falters then, and there is an oppressive silence that chases Dean’s words. But then Sam’s voice goes soft and he says, “He was missing you, Dean.”
It was unclear to her how much time had passed when she finally came back to her senses. She groaned, massaged her head where it had no doubt collided with her husband’s tombstone, and because it was as silent as the grave, for a moment, she believed the two terrors had gone.
And Dean’s jumping out of his chair, picturing a million nightmares, that maybe the dentist is going to have to pull all of Cas’ teeth out or
The angel swallows heavily, turns to gaze at the moon hanging in the night sky. Dean doesn’t know what he’s talking about. Instead, Dean takes a few more tentative steps towards him, reaches out to lay his hand on the angel's shoulder.
“To be honest, agents,” the man had whispered, and he had glanced around as if he had expected to be jumped. “I don’t know why the bird never gave up on her. That’s why I was so shocked to hear from your research that the bird eating her was a proclamation of love.”
There's light everywhere, light flooding his body, inside and out, light at his toes and his fingertips.
Perhaps it was the fact that she always closed her shop for two hours at lunch on this day of the week, treating herself to a meal in one of the fanciest diners that Lebanon had, coincidentally located right next door to
Dean does what Sam tells him, keeps his distance, lets Cas pass him again and again, but Dean’s never been good at being patient, because after weeks and weeks of Dean’s longing growing and growing, all it takes is for Cas to meet his eyes one time and Dean snaps.
“What has the angel done to you?” she says, but when the pain’s gone, he can’t answer. His teeth are chattering too hard.
. Or perhaps it was the fact that when her husband had been alive, Wednesdays had always been the days that Woody Farmer would go visit his ailing mother (a Kenyan woman—her daddy had never failed to gripe about the scandal as Woody’s father had been his best mate, or at least until Woody’s father had gone on missionary work to Africa and instead of Jesus, had brought back his foreign wife). At any rate, Wednesday had been the day when Mrs. Christian had always had her husband to herself. For three decades, she had not had a single bad Wednesday in her life, so she knew it was going to be a good day.
When the angel sets Dean down, they’re deep inside the cave, Monique and Mary hidden from view behind a bend. The angel starts another fire, grace-blue that materializes out of nothing. Dean sits up, makes a feeble attempt to move and go back to Mom.
“I’d run my fingers through your hair,” Dean says again. “I’d give you a kiss on the corner of your mouth. I’d kiss your cheek. I’d run my fingers through your hair.”
Kudos and comments are always welcome :D And if you'd like to show your support on Tumblr, you can reblog the original version
but Castiel keeps walking, keeps moving down the hall of the bunker with the sound of his blood pumping in his ears and he keeps going, keeps going until he collides right into Sam.
They walk slowly, footsteps echoing in the hall, the drip of water running through the old bunker pipes following their journey, and then Cas is unsure and he’s stopped walking, just standing there and fidgeting because they’re outside Dean’s room now and Cas doesn’t know where to go.
So Dean does. Cas comes back, still impeccable even with his bloody blade. When Cas gets into the car, Dean thrusts his cell phone into his face.
, limp on the gymnasium floor, head right under a basketball hoop, face alight by the skylight as Cas’ body approaches him against his will.
Before he goes, Dean kisses him one more time, presses a hand to the side of Cas' face, and tells him that he loves him and, "Damn it, don't you forget that."
The next day, Mrs. Christian was as busy as a bee. To be fair, she had always been this way, but knowing now that the fate of the town was resting on her shoulders, she got out of bed with purpose anew, ready to seize the day. By six o’ clock that Friday morning, she had already dealt with all matters pertaining to her business and her contract with Millionaire Milk Inc. (quite an accomplishment as she had only risen from bed an hour earlier). After making sure all her livestock was fed (by bossing around her new site manager), she finally had breakfast at seven-thirty, and then, after her fruitful conversation yesterday with Cookie Baker, she prepared to meet the lesbian restaurateur for eight o’ clock sharp as they had agreed upon yesterday morning (their one o’ clock appointment had been rescheduled after Eve Christian’s sobbing session had taken up too much of Cookie’s free time on Thursday).
i also promised that this chapter would be more cracky and deancas heavy than the last but...plot happened. what i had planned for won't appear until part 2 of this chapter unfortunately, so i promise, next chapter, that more cracky deancas stuff will definitely happen!
But soon enough, their fighting came to an end. Somewhere in the twenty or so minutes that Cookie fought with Eve, it seemed that the Winchesters had come to some sort of agreement between themselves, because Castiel was back again in the dungeon, and the demon awake. Eve immediately began up her waterworks. This time, though, Cookie wasn’t content to take a backseat. She shook Eve off her and teetered over to where the Winchesters were, keen not to miss a single moment, even as Mrs. Christian hollered, “Oh, Cookie! Don’t leave me, dearest!”
After that, Castiel was swept away, and for a long time, Dean Winchester stood by the abandoned crate alone, jaw clenched with his fist curled at his side. He ran his hands over his face several times, paced heavily to and fro, and Mrs. Christian knew well enough that the man was suffering from love sickness, or perhaps a broken heart, and despite all the homophobia internalized in her little body, she could not help but feel a twinge of sadness for this man who seemed so distraught.
“Let Cas have a little fun, Dean,” Sam says and he’s grinning at Cas, at Cas who’s looking more desperate for food by the second and doesn’t seem to be aware of Dean’s mood. “Just because you guys share a bed doesn’t mean that Cas is off-limits.” Sam grabs his phone then, looks at it with more interest than warranted for a screen that’s not even turned on. “Or”—the corner of Sam’s mouth quirks up and he’s going to say something that’s probably going to embarrass Dean—“you could get him a ring.”
Out of habit, he starts unpacking. There are clothes in the duffel, in case a hunt takes them longer than anticipated. Cas pulls the ruffled sleep shorts out, folds the clean socks and underwear and tucks them all back into their drawers. There’s a chocolate bar that Cas stashes into his pocket—Dean will forget to eat it if he leaves it in the bag. When his hand brushes over Dean’s stash of condoms, he dutifully moves on because
—can’t be worse than the monster in front of him and Dean’s got enough on his plate as it is: forming an escape plan, getting Mom better, maybe murdering this angel and finding a way back home with Sam at his side. So Dean really doesn’t have time for this.
. He doesn’t want me and—and I’m no good for him anyway. I’d ruin him. I’d make his life miserable. He’s perfect in every way and all I’m capable of is destruction.”
“Honestly, feather slut, when I heard the talk of the town this morning, I didn’t believe it, but turns out that the gossip’s true. Dean Winchester’s finally learned how to shave.”
“How did Dean find out?” Mary says, and then she says that she’s certain about two things in her life and that they’re one: she despises Ketch (random, Sam thinks, but he agrees with the sentiment) and two: what Sam is talking about is never going to happen again.
My dearest Cookie, I am overjoyed to hear of your acceptance! Now, this matter aside, I do have a small favour to ask of you, my friend. I am aware that you are in possession of a red automobile. To my utter despair, I am still at the cemetery and I am afraid that I may not make it back in time for my shop’s opening hours without a lift. Could I perhaps trouble you for a ride? Yours sincerely and with much love, Mrs. Gaylord Christian.
There’s something in him that makes him crawl over to Cas’ prone form even though he’s bleeding out fast himself, even though they’re finally facing Lucifer, even though Sam and Crowley are now in the devil’s way. It’s there when Sam and Crowley are unconscious. It’s there when it looks like they’re going to lose. It’s there when Lucifer stalks up to Dean, Dean who’s crawled over Cas’ body, who’s straddling him and who’s holding Cas’ face in his hands and begging him to look at Dean, for god’s sake, just to look at him because Cas’ eyes are unfocused, and there aren’t anymore
They don’t say anything then. Maybe they don’t know how to put whatever they’re feeling into words. They look at each other and maybe Dean tries to picture what it’d be like to be here without the wall in the way. Cas keeps his hand faithfully on the grate. His eyes, they pierce Dean’s own, and then, “You look different, human,” Cas says quietly.
But as the audience watches the council deliver its verdict, none of what they declare ever happens.
“Hey,” Dean says, terrified, and he clutches at the grate helplessly. “Hey. Hang on. Hang on. Don’t you dare leave me. I’m going—Cas, I’m going to get you. You're—you're gonna be okay. You're—”
Oh lord, how terribly Cookie fought with her then, for it seemed that the feeble plan that Mrs. Christian had hastily concocted was quickly falling to shambles! Of course, the chances that the child would unwittingly lead them back outside had always been slim to none, but Mrs. Christian could not help but feel a tad bit disheartened anyway, for she had prayed to the Lord for deliverance when Cookie had not been looking and the Almighty had let her down once again.
, only to draw his fingers away with wonder because he’d never felt anything so soft. And then wisps of black ink that had swept up from the bottom of Cas’ bare feet, trailing up his naked body likes vines, the Enochian sigils blossoming here and there like little flowers with bursts of blue light.
But they both fall through it, that wall, and then they’re gone from that world and back in their own and the wall that Castiel finds himself against is hard cold bunker cement.
But after Sam says that he has a headache, Dean looks worriedly at him as if he thinks Sam’s head’s going to explode, and twenty minutes later, they’re in the Impala, on their way to Salt Lake City.
“Yeah, my brother, Sam here would like the nerdiest collection of leaves you can get him, and we’d like one your classic good ol’ juicy hamburgers with a healthy helping of fries, ain’t that right,
So Dean’s feet move without thinking. Dean’s got his fingers digging into the man’s shoulders and he’s pinning him against the wall without a second thought. And then Dean’s snarling the question, demanding it, and he hates it. He hates how fucking
“What’s your name?” Cas asks. “Why am I here? What are we going to do?”. So to avoid making it seem like a kidnapping situation, Dean starts kissing him to shut him up, soft little pecks on the mouth that make Cas grin all dopey and lean back, giving him enthusiastic pecks in return, and Cas’ lips are soft, and
Cookie could only think of leaving, and she hobbled to and fro with great determination, one finger pushing back her librarianesque glasses as she squinted for another exit (her eyesight had worsened as of late and it seemed that she was very much in need of new spectacles). It was in a frenzy that they shuffled throughout the bunker and its many passageways, but the longer they moved about, the wilder Cookie’s curly grey locks became, and even Mrs. Christian was huffing and puffing with their efforts. Tragically, however, it soon became clear to them that there was no hope at all. It was a labyrinth, and the only way they would be able to navigate it would be by following someone who knew the way out.
chanting inside of Dean’s mind. Nothing’s getting to him anymore, nothing that makes him want to hold back. He knows if he stays, then at least they’ll die together.
It’s a kind of downwards spiral. It’s him and it’s everything that he’s been denying himself for years. It all gets to him. It all reminds him—Sam’s knowing expression, his own needy touches, Cas’ wanting eyes—that he’s crossing a line, crossing into a place that he’s promised himself that he won’t touch because he ruins everything. He knows it.
At this, Dean Winchester swallowed and wriggled in his seat as Cookie rapped Dean’s knee with her cane with a knowing wink. Castiel, however, furrowed his brows in confusion, something Mrs. Christian had noticed that he often seemed to do (did anything ever make sense to that man?!).
Sam goes through the books in the library like Dean, day in, day out, month to month. He reads and he rereads, and whatever is in Sam, maybe it’s not in Dean. Maybe it’s because Dean’s anger becomes overrun with grief, and maybe because the hope in his chest dims, so Dean starts drinking, starts drowning. Because Dean can’t stand to stay in the bunker anymore, can never go to his room, because it’s the same way they went that day, the same fucking way, and if he tries going to his bed, he thinks maybe his feet will carry him somewhere else instead.
Sam sighs on the other end of the line, makes a few pissy sounds that are probably accompanied by his signature bitch face, but then with a whoosh of an exhale, out goes his frustration.
But going back to his old routine would be ignoring his new one. Going back and doing something that he’d done on the regular when Cas had been alive, it would be letting his memory go. It would be…
So he doesn’t know how to feel about it. Or why he’s even compelled to look, now of all days. It’s sitting there underneath his old wallet, stuff that he’ll never get to use again unless they figure a way back to their own world. But he finds himself reaching for it today. He finds himself picking the damn thing up, pushing aside the wallet roughly just to get to it. He thumbs over the metal once it’s in his hand, twirls it even though it’s still sharp from the day it’d been first commissioned to him, even if the blacksmith’s work is a little clumsy.
“What are you talking about?” Sam says but he’s tense and doesn’t look even a bit confused, as if he’s been waiting for this—as if he
“He needs space, Dean,” Sam says softly. “I know he’s been avoiding you…but you have to give him time.”
And maybe it’s because he’s so caught up in these thoughts that it takes his brain a moment to register what happens next.
Cookie didn’t pay any mind this time. She spied Dean, hands on Cas’ shoulders, talking quietly to him in a corner, prepping him for his chat with the demon who was now watching the pair with great interest.
She would have thought them sleeping at first glance. She peered over Mr. Christian’s tombstone and observed the way that Dean Winchester was sitting with his back against the city man’s chest, eyes closed, as if at peace. But just when she was about to scramble to her feet, she saw movement from the corner of her eye, Castiel’s fingers running through Dean’s hair, every now and then, and each time it would happen, Dean Winchester would tremble a little and lean into it, as if he could not get enough.
And this nine year old girl’s no different. She asks him if angels wings are soft like dandelions before they’ve gone yellow. She wants to know if he ever got to see
,” Cas says, and this time, his voice sounds like a warning, if a bit strained. Dean sighs and drops his hands away from Cas’ body, mumbling something about how hard last night left him—sounds kind of sexual, Sam thinks, but surely Dean’s referring to the burdens and the hardships that had arisen when discussing the catastrophic situation that they were hiding from Sam.
He hears Dean’s voice, rough, alert, hoarse like he’s sick or like he’s been crying for a long time, but his voice is also so rusty, as if it hasn’t been used until today.
Dean pulls him along down to the kitchen, wants him to eat, too, because the old wounds from before haven’t healed either even though Cas is an angel, and Dean thinks that that’s not right.
Why did you come for me? Cas had said and he had wept harder. Why—Why did you come to Rexford to take me back? I made it so easy for you to—for you to be
Valentine’s Day rolls around and Cas isn’t any better at flirting. He sends Dean a letter with a ring enclosed inside, and Dean’s not afraid when he reads what appears to be another death threat where Cas promises that the circular band will squeeze Dean’s finger as if in a chokehold to remind him of his eternal bondage to Cas until
, the angel murmurs and he smiles, mighty and proud. He wraps his giant hands around Dean’s ankles, and all Dean has time to do is take in the amusement dancing on the angel’s lips, before the angel drags him forward by the ankles so that Dean’s flat on his back. Dean lets out a surprised yelp as he’s dragged, and then the angel’s straddling him, pressing down, massive wings caging him in.
That’s how the angel had seduced him. That’s how she had compelled him to come over the wall. And then, she had stolen him.
For a moment, with the night still pitch black, he feels like nothing’s changed, even though he’s got Mom’s hand in his own. That it’s just another day at the wall. Just another excruciating shift where he’ll be hoping that he’ll see Cas, that he’ll get to feel the press of Cas’ hand against his own.
“He’s the man!” Dean chortled, with a hysterical unbecoming laugh that made both the city man and Woody jump. “Cas is gonna score tonight, ain’t that right, pal?”
Suddenly, Dean’s sudden celibacy makes sense. Suddenly, Sam knows why Dean was so angry when he’d been questioned on being faithful, because
He’s awake for minutes before he hears Sam groan from behind him. He hears Sam’s bones creak as Sam pulls himself to his feet, batting the sand away from his clothes. There’s sand on Dean, too. It’s there beneath his cheek, grain clinging to his skin,
—maybe he knows what the next words out of Cas’ mouth are going to be, what he’s going to hear because he’s already heard it before, on their first meeting, and the only thing different will be his answer.
“Well, don’t tell her ‘I love you’ right after the first date, Cas,” he said and he smiled and oh, there were tears in his eyes, Mrs. Christian saw, unshed tears that perhaps Dean Winchester hoped that the city man would simply read off as tiredness. “God—I—I’m happy for you, Cas. I really am. You meeting some girl, settling down, away from all our crap—nothing would make me happier. If you get a chance to get out of this life—hell, I’ve tried.”
It’s not that hard begging. It’s a last-ditch effort to pull Dean out of the haze that Michael’s keeping him in, so when Michael has him by the throat and is a few blows away from delivering Cas to Death, instead of life, Cas begs for Dean.
, but the city man did not capture the latter half of Dean Winchester’s meaning for he departed after only a small moment of hesitation.
Suddenly, he's acutely aware of the fact that he’s straddling the freckled man without any clothes on.
And Dean tries everything that he can think of. He stays still when the angel drapes his heavy wings over them. He curls up against the angel’s chest for the first time voluntarily and rubs his hand up and down the angel’s arm, because, all of a sudden, the angel’s not
Dean reached over and grabbed Castiel’s lengthy document. “Well, we got a list. Let’s start checking it twice.”
For all that he complained to Dean about lesson planning and lethargic college kids, Castiel paraded through his days like he was walking on sunshine. The literature class was more rewarding than he’d anticipated, and he enjoyed fostering relationships with students who shared his passion for the genre. He’d never considered teaching before, and this was only supposed to be a temporary gig while he worked on his book. But mentoring the young artists and scholars turned out to be more fulfilling than anything he worked on at the museum.
“Oh, well yeah, some, but that’s just grunt work mostly, you know? Compared to the, what? Twelve years of grind you had to go through.” He sniffed, brushing his nose with the pad of his thumb.
Sam scratched the back of his head, shifting his weight. “Useless. Museums are like Ghost City with all the spirits tied to important possessions.”
The whole tableau struck Castiel as odd, and he could feel his defenses rising. It didn’t help that they were all on edge already, but something didn’t feel right. Still, he took a breath and put a hand on Anna’s back, leading them forward. “Agents?” he said as they approached. “We were told you were coming.”
“Right…” Dean forced out an anxious laugh. “Anyway, you remember my partner--Agent May. He has a couple questions we were hoping you could answer.”
With his things loaded up in her car, Castiel’s mother drove them out into the countryside, listening with rapt attention to his story. He made a few tweaks to the details, using thieves and muggers instead of ghosts and demons. But he told her about leaving the museum, writing his book, touring the country, meeting Dean. The look she gave him when he mentioned Dean for the first time was one he knew all too well.
“When we put the saint to rest, you said his spirit was tied to his remains. If Alex’s father was just buried, he’s barely even begun to decay. It’s still just…his whole body.”
“You should.” Dean’s reply was abrupt, sharp. Any slivers of light that had slipped through his walls the night before were shored back up, and Castiel closed out.
“Yeah, great!” As Castiel retreated to his desk once again, Sam turned back to Dean. “If it is angelic in origin, that only makes this all the more confusing.”
“You know I love you, but you emailed this man incessantly for months with no reply, but one drunk message with the vaguest hint of romance has you embarrassed now?” she said.
“Well, technically if the spirit has some kind of unfinished business, helping it resolve that could lead to them moving on. But that’s not an exact science, and if Alex’s dad is newly dead, there’s no telling what he has unfinished. Spirits don’t just wake up as ghosts with all the knowledge of how to pierce the veil. That’s probably why his appearances are so spotty. Burning the bones is straight forward and the most foolproof option, especially if you’re worried that the kid is in danger.”
