The kids just stood there staring at Sam and Gabriel with knowing grins on their faces, making Sam blush furiously. Bobby laughed, rarely ever seeing his dad blush like that. Gabriel laughed along with his son, finding the blush on his hunter's cheeks absolutely endearing.
“Hey Mom,” Dean said, leaning in to give her a hug and a quick kiss on the cheek. “We both really appreciate you taking care of him for us. I hope he wasn’t too much trouble.”
“Actually, I think I do. You remember when Uncle Cas bonded to Uncle Dean when he pulled him from Hell? He felt pretty much the same way, and that’s why he kept his distance for so long. He felt guilty because he unintentionally bonded to him in a moment of saving the person he loved. He didn’t have Uncle Dean’s consent, either. Hell, Uncle Dean didn’t even believe angels were real at the time. Just talk to Dad about it, okay?” Bobby asked. “Just because you bond to a Winchester doesn’t mean you inherit the need to internalize and angst over everything.”
Dean squeezed his hand before raising it to his lips and kissing his angel’s knuckles. He appeared more relaxed, but Cas didn’t miss that the knuckles on Dean’s hand were still white where he gripped the steering wheel.
.” He snapped his fingers and everyone was dressed in swimsuits. Sam, Dean, and Cas were now dressed in nothing but solid-color board shorts and flip flops. Gabriel, on the other hand, was wearing the loudest Hawaiian shorts Sam had ever seen, and he couldn’t help but laugh. Bobby and Kevin were also in board shorts, and Mary and MJ were in tasteful two-piece suits. Dean growled at that a little, but Gabriel just held his hand out to Mary, taking Sammy’s car seat from her, and said, “absolutely beautiful,” making her blush. Even baby Sammy had on a little swim diaper, an undershirt, and a floppy hat, zinc oxide on his little nose and cheeks.
Castiel looked at the locket, then opened it to see a picture of a smiling young boy inside, presumably Toni’s son. He handed Sammy to Dean and said “I will change into something more appropriate and retrieve the files immediately,” before disappearing from the room.
"Yeah," Sam rushed to agree. Last thing he wanted was to be stuck in close quarters with his brother if whatever this is was making them crawl all over each other. "You head on down there, I'll keep searching from here."
“Uh huh, that’s what they all say,” Gabriel winked at Cas. “So, anything else going on between the two of you? Do I need to threaten his life if he hurts you?”
. He scanned the notes on the page, sweating a little at the abhorrent number of sixteenth and thirty-second notes.
“Getting ready for dinner, apparently,” was Castiel’s response. “Would you care to join me?” Castiel got up from the table and headed to the refrigerator.
“We’re gonna go grab MJ,” he said, tugging Cas down the hall behind him. Once they were out of sight, Dean pinned Cas against the wall with his body, letting his hands fist Cas’ hair as he lowered his lips to his angel’s. Cas groaned as Dean’s tongue invaded his mouth, his hips bucking involuntarily. “You’re so fucking hot in jeans, angel,” Dean muttered between breaths, snaking a hand inside the waistband to cup Cas’ ass.
MJ and Bobby looked at each other sideways. "A few," MJ answered, "just some who were close to us, family friends."
"Quit being a sap and fuck me already," Gabriel said. Sam didn't need to be told twice. He thrust his hips up at a brutal pace, bouncing the archangel on his cock. Gabriel threw his head back with a litany of "Sam. Sam! SAM!" as each thrust hit harder, nailing his prostate on every other stroke.
MJ standing in front of the restored Chevelle, painted a metallic purple with white racing stripes starting on the hood and going back to the trunk, arms crossed over her chest and a look of smug pride on her face.
Bobby used his angel blade to cut open his palm. Using his own blood, he drew an angel banishing sigil on the floor, then smacked it with his bloody palm. The two Grigori and Castiel were blown from the room.
“Damn, angel,” Dean murmured in his ear, “you’re kinda hot when you get all protective like that.” He placed a kiss on Cas’ cheek and an arm around his waist, pulling him closer.
“You know,” he told her, “I don’t know much about Nephilim except that they’re part angel and part human. I know you’re super strong and fast, and I saw Bobby snap things up like Gabriel does, but not much else. Do you guys have any other cool superpowers?”
Sam couldn't stop humping Dean and was about to manhandle him into position to fuck him when Gabriel grabbed his hand and yanked him over. "C'mon, Sammy," Gabriel ordered, "ride my ass. Better than Dean's-half the guilt and twice the fu-
"So what were you saying earlier about a birthday party?" Gabriel asked her softly as her breathing evened out and she started dozing.
When then show ended and the theater started to empty, Kevin ducked them into a dark corner where no one could see and flew them to the observation deck of the Empire State Building, which was closed at that time of night. They walked the rail of the deck twice, hand in hand, just looking at the lights below. MJ knew Kevin was a romantic at heart and liked making her happy, but this blew away all her previous dates with him. At the end of their second lap, MJ stopped and tugged Kevin’s body close to hers, wrapping one arm around his neck and one around his waist. Startled and not knowing how to respond, he put his hands on her hips. MJ leaned forward and kissed the spot right behind his ear that she knew he loved.
“Yeah, yeah, everyone’s in love and gonna live Happily Ever After,” Dean said, making a hand gesture to hurry up. “Can we eat now?” Both Mary and Castiel smacked his shoulders, Sam and Gabriel laughing at Dean’s indignant “ow!” through their kiss.
Sam was standing on a ladder by the door chiseling the new sigils into the walls when Gabriel appeared with a stack of lumber. “Hey,” he called over his shoulder, “What do you have there?”
Sam laughed. “Nah, I think it’s fine. Consider it a test-run for the future.” He wrapped his arms around Gabriel, kissing him on the top of the head. “Did you get him a birthday gift?”
“Nah, not anymore. Just needed to recharge the batteries, then decided to go on vacation. It was pleasant until I was summoned into a ring of holy fire, punched in the face, and accused of being a parent,” Gabriel said, rolling his eyes.
This was the hunter he fell in love with, the Righteous Man. He wished he could remove Dean’s guilt, but he knew him too well to think that would change anytime soon. Castiel would be whatever Dean needed right now, and work on everything else once the threat has been dealt with.
Sam blushed as he turned his laptop towards Dean and Castiel to show them the page he was on, a fan site for Chuck's
Sam just shook his head. "Just drafts and rewrites, nothing new and nothing about what's happening now. Are you sure he's not back in Heaven, or even lurking around?" Sam asked Gabriel.
"Getting Lucifer back in the cage won't be a cakewalk either," Dean said. "We had a hard enough time last time, and since he's hopping from vessel to vessel we might not even have enough time to prepare before he strikes."
Lucifer dropped Bobby’s hand like he’d been burned. He stalked over to Gabriel, getting right in his face and said, “you didn’t!”
Sam searched his mind before it dawned on him. "Eileen Leahy?" he asked, a little shocked. They'd met once, exchanged a few emails, but weren't that close.
Bobby was bouncing around like a kid at Christmas. "Pops taught me that. I can't get too far yet, I gotta keep practicing. And check this out!" He put his hand out to his side and an angel blade dropped into his hand.
“Nope. And it’s a subject you guys try to avoid. Is there coffee?” MJ scratched her head and started walking towards the kitchen as Bobby popped out of his room. Literally popped, rather than using the door like a human. He shot a look at Dean and shook his head, then shambled down the hall like a zombie.
Castiel’s brain was on a repeat loop as he drove the fifteen miles home. He kept trying to process how he ended up in Dean Winchester’s arms, kissing him like he did. While he stopped caring years ago what his mother thought of his sexuality, he was still thoroughly appalled by his lapse in etiquette and poise and his mother would be, too. He was raised to maintain a certain level of decorum, to exude confidence and professionalism, and to be the best in his chosen career. Letting that fall apart over one Dean Winchester, his co-worker as well as rival, was asking for trouble. And Castiel Novak did
“I think we’ll head back tonight. I wanna sleep in my own bed, and the drive should be much more pleasant without the rap.”
Kevin stepped back cautiously, eyeing Bobby. "You're a Nephilim," he said, a little confused. "There aren't supposed to be any on Earth right now."
Dean worked Cas open a finger at a time, drawing sounds of pleasure from his angel with each movement. He kissed his back and murmured words of encouragement the whole time until Cas was pleading with Dean to fill him. Cas whimpered a little as Dean removed his fingers. Keeping one hand on Cas’ hips, he pulled his pants down enough to release his throbbing cock and slick it up before lining it up with Cas’ glistening hole.
“Goddammit, we never checked the cage!” Dean said, racing out. Cas was on his heels, still carrying baby Sammy, who was thankfully starting to calm down. They found Sam and Gabriel in the library, Gabriel pacing while Sam went through book after book, surrounded by piles of them.
Dean honestly didn’t know what the hell was wrong with him. He’d had plenty of opportunities to put the moves on Cas, but every time he got sidetracked by the conversations with him. It wasn’t like Dean to pass up sex to talk, but he found himself enjoying just spending time with Cas, sex or not. He kinda got the feeling that Cas felt the same, since he caught the man staring intently at him so many times but never made a move himself.
“No, I don’t think that’s a bit much, short stack,” Dean countered. “She’s my daughter, and unfortunately she thinks a little too much like me. If she thinks she can fix this on her own, I wouldn’t put it past her to try. Just,” he sighed, “just help me keep her safe, ok?”
Their order number was called and Cas retrieved their food. When Dean took the first bite of his burger, his eyes rolled back in his head and he made the most pornographic noises Cas had ever heard. As he watched Dean's Adam's apple bob as he swallowed and his tongue swipe across his cupid bow lips to catch any stray juices, Cas could feel his blood rush to his groin.
“Sam,” Gabriel said again, waiting for Sam to look at him. When Sam looked up, Gabriel cupped his face with his palm, slowly caressing his cheek with his thumb. “I just need you here with me, not back in that place. Okay?” He closed his eyes and dropped his forehead against Sam’s. “Okay?”
“I don’t mind the sympathy in the slightest if it means I’ll have company more often,” Lucifer said, sitting in the cage opposite MJ, “but I think you’re wasting your prayers talking to my dad. Self-righteous bastard would never stoop so low as to admitting fallacy.”
Once they were back in the bunker, MJ wrapped her arms around Dean and hugged him tight. He hugged her back, kissing the top of her head. Then he grabbed her shoulders and held her at arm’s length, looked her straight in the eyes, and said, “you realize that I’m going to find a way to keep you in this bunker until it’s time for you to go back, right?” He hugged her close again. “You can’t keep pulling crap like this. You guys scared the crap out of us.”
Present Dean smiled and nodded. "Samuel James," he said. He looked at Cas, "because if it weren't for Jimmy, I wouldn't have you." He leaned over and kissed Cas again, this time much deeper.
He didn’t know how to act around Dean at the rehearsal hall on Monday. He had arrived before Dean, and when the man entered the hall he was as jovial and friendly as usual. Castiel thought that maybe Dean smiled a little brighter when he raised his hand and called out, “Heya, Cas!” But that may have been his imagination.
“But Gabe in the future said he felt the shift after they’d already come back to us,” Dean pointed out. “He said that Sammy here didn’t make it the first time, before I showed up there.”
“I assure you, there was no dancing of any kind. We simply expressed our feelings for each other. And anything that may or may not happen in the future is none of your concern.”
Castiel had just gotten home when he realized that not only had they forgotten about the pies that he’d made for them, but he hadn’t had a chance to kiss Dean again. He sighed in resignation as he dropped his messenger bag on his kitchen table and headed to his room to get ready for bed.
“So, what’s on the menu tonight, Cas?” Dean asked playfully, hopping up to sit on the counter next to where the groceries were unloaded.
"Yeah, a lot of speculation on how sensitive an angel's wings are, made for a lot of stories," Sam told him.
A few hours later, MJ, Gabriel, and Kevin were sitting around the bed where Cas was curled into a fetal position, crying and shaking uncontrollably. MJ was rubbing his back while Gabriel and Kevin tried soothing him with their grace.
Gabriel looked at Sam and winked, then turned back to Deanna. "Maybe eventually, but we have other things to worry about first. We gotta put your soul back together so the pieces don't slip through realities."
lately. He looked at the man as they packed up for the day, noticing his usual demeanor was softer somehow. He was still serious, but looked happier. Once again, how did he get to the point where he cared?
Dean in a suit and tie and MJ in a knee-length blue party dress in the garage in front of the Impala. Did he take his daughter to a fancy restaurant for her tenth birthday?
going to let this go to waste.” Sam watched and groaned inwardly as Gabriel scooped up some of the melted ice cream from the bottom of the bowl and wrapped those soft lips obscenely around the spoon, a little white dribble trickling down his chin. “Up for another movie?” he grinned.
Sweaty, shaky, and on edge, Dean's entire body was lit up and on the precipice of orgasm. He didn't want to give Gabriel the satisfaction, but he needed to come so fucking bad. He might have been able to hold out if he didn't
“Hello to you too, sunshine,” he heard. When he looked up, Gabe and Sammy were sitting at the kitchen table, papers covering most of the surface, staring at him with matching bitchfaces. “What’s got your panties in a twist?” Gabe asked. “Someone not getting enough lovin’ from my cousin?”
The other thing he noticed was his cousin and Dean’s brother cuddled into a corner of the room, whispering conspiratorially and eyeing him and Dean. He didn’t know Sam very well, but he knew Gabriel loved his schemes and wondered what he was trying to talk his boyfriend into. Dean must have sensed something was up with the two men as well, and confronted them about their whispers and giggling.
“Your nerd is showing, Gabe,” Sam grinned. Bobby just laughed at his dads, wondering why he was worried in the first place. As protective as his Dad was, he knew he loved him.
Dean grinned wide at that. “I know, it’s awesome.” He reached into the backseat of the car and pulled out his own copy of the sheet music, then pressed play on the tape deck again. They listened to the song several more times together, following along on the sheet music until the sun had set far enough that they didn’t have enough light to keep going.
When Dean and Castiel returned to the bunker, they found Sam and Gabriel sitting at opposite ends of the map table with printouts of Dean's photos strewn between them. Gabriel was poring over the ancient words, while Sam was clicking and scrolling furiously on his laptop.
Without a change in his expression, Cas began to play. At the first few notes, Dean recognized the song and was assailed by memories of his mom feeding baby Sammy while he laid his head in her lap. Sam was a colicky baby, and his mom swore that singing to him while he ate made him feel better. As Cas continued to play, Dean could hear his mom singing in his head.
In the blink of an eye, MJ and Bobby were standing there, MJ holding baby Sammy. Sammy squawked and clapped his chubby little hands, alerting everyone to their presence. Dean and Castiel ran to the kids and enveloped them in their arms. Smiling, Sam walked up to them and wrapped his free arm around Bobby when Dean and Castiel let them go.
His mother rushed around the table and tried to pry their hands apart. “Stop that, Castiel!” she ground out just loud enough so that no one else would hear. “You’re going to embarrass me as well as yourself!”
“Don’t break your brain there, bro,” Gabriel chuckled. He took the photograph from Castiel’s hand to show the next one in the stack. In this one, Sam was suspended from the ceiling. The photo was taken from such an angle that most of the front of his body was shown, but the way his ankles were bound to his wrists were visible. Sam was beautiful-his torso was stretched, his back arched, his head thrown back with a look of ecstasy on his face. Gabriel had covered Sam’s modesty with a small smiley face sticker, but it was clearly evident that Sam was in the middle of an orgasm. Again, the picture was aesthetically pleasing, but he felt like an intruder into Sam’s pleasure.
Novak, with the bluest eyes he’d ever seen, hair that always made him look freshly fucked, and kissed like there was a fire inside him.
No non-con warning, the boys are definitely consensual at this stage of the game. Enjoy the shameless smut!
“Not to worry cuz, the jazz band from the music program over at Kansas State is playing Friday and Saturday night this week. Part of their grades,” Gabriel informed him smugly.
"The date is not over yet," Cas told him, "we have one more stop." Cas led him around the corner and into BB King's Blues Club, where a band was setting up. Cas led him to one of the few open tables left and flagged down a waitress, ordering two longnecks.
Dean had Cas follow him about 20 minutes outside of town to Rock Point, a bluff overlooking Kansas City. He pulled up first, having Cas park next to him. The sun was just starting its descent, giving them a gorgeous view of the city below. He left the engine running, windows down, and got out to meet Cas.
Dean wrapped his arms around her. “Yeah? How? ‘Cause I don’t got a clue.” He huffed into her hair. “I love you, sweetie, but I know you wanna go home, and I can’t fix that for you.”
MJ put one hand on her dad’s shoulder, looked him straight in the eye wearing her most serious expression, and said, “you put up the stripper pole in the living room and Papa dances for you while you stuff singles into his Speedo.” Then she started laughing so hard she could barely breathe.
After anchoring the ropes suspending Sam, he stepped back and looked reverently at his handiwork. He was right, Sam looked absolutely gorgeous-a light sheen of sweat coated flushed skin, nipples stiff and begging to be touched, heavy balls hanging below a proud erection, Gabriel’s mark showing from the center of the pentagram of ropes across his heaving chest. Sam’s hair hung over his face, and Gabriel gently pushed it back and kissed him on the cheek.
“And what’s your reason for being here now?” Dean asked him. “Gonna play grandpa, grab a slice of cake, pretend we’re all one big, happy family?”
“Oh believe me, I’m pissed,” Sam said, grabbing his brother’s shoulders, “and they are in for a world of shit once we get them back, but we gotta get them back first, preferably in one piece.”
“Right here,” Bobby said, walking into the room. “All set?” Sam went and hugged his son before standing next to Dean and Cas. Each group nodded at the other before going their separate ways.
“Look Dad, I see what you’re doing, but I can’t tell you much more without messing with your free will. You are free to choose who you want to be with physically even after you and Papa bond, and that’s all I’m gonna say about it. Now can we please drop it?”
“Yes, any Winchester can attack any demon, but not Gavin or any of your direct descendants. You may think of them as your children, but they’re really not yours by blood.”
"Her soul's been ripped to shreds," Cas informed them, Deanna's eyes going wide at his pronouncement.
more modern, like anything from the pop charts? People would definitely come to hear music they already know they like.”
Mary stepped in at that point, playing peacekeeper. “Alright, there’s no need for threats. Let’s just calm down and start at the beginning. Who are you, and how did you get here?”
“How do you figure that Sammy?” Dean said around a mouth full of pie. MJ rolled her eyes, pulled a ten-dollar bill out of her pocket, and slapped it into Bobby’s outstretched hand. He pocketed it as Dean looked around the table. “What am I missing here?”
"Cas, talk to me," Dean said, adjusting his grip so he was now holding Cas' hand. "Are you jealous of Sam and Gabriel?" Cas averted his eyes and the gears started turning in Dean's head.
Sam turned to Gabriel. “I think I have an idea,” he said with a smirk. He pulled out his cell phone, and after a minute he greeted the person on the other end. “Hello, Mr. Turner, this is Sam Winchester… Yes, I know what time it is, but I wanted to talk to you about your offer… I know, and I’m more than willing, but I need to ask for a favor in return…”
Everyone just laughed at that and took seats around the map table, ready to figure out just what was going on.
“But Gabriel plays here on Friday night,” Castiel tried to argue, “he couldn’t possibly miss work for a ‘movie night’ with his ‘boyfriend’.” He cringed because he could hear the air quotes in his own voice.
Castiel just shrugged one shoulder as he stirred the food. “It has been brought to my attention that my knowledge of popular culture is woefully out of date. I was simply trying to remedy that.”
“And,” Dean said, stealing a fry off Cas’ plate and pointing at him with it, “you don’t have to look up the song on YouTube when you get home. I’ve got it on tape out in my car.” He popped the fry in his mouth and grinned as he chewed.
“But I like teeth,” Castiel said seriously. “I like teeth a lot.” He continued nipping down Dean’s neck, soothing each bite with his tongue. At the juncture of his neck and shoulder, Cas bit down as he ground into Dean’s cock harder.
Castiel just whimpered as Dean spread his legs and sucked dark red marks into the insides of his thighs. He leaned back and braced himself, letting his head fall back and his eyes close. He could feel his pulse throbbing harder in his dick the closer Dean moved towards it. He was fairly sure that he was going to end up embarrassing himself at this rate.
. He loved that his brother would do shit like that for him, make arrangements he could play on the cello. They rarely said “I love you” to each other, they weren’t wordy kinds of people, but they constantly did shit like that to say it without the words.
Dean growled before pulling back and yanking Cas by the hips until the angel was laid flat in the front seat. He pushed Cas' legs apart, draping one over the seat, and fell on top of him, grasping his hair in both hands and dragging him in for a brutal kiss. Cas' arms came up around Dean, holding him tight and exploring the man's body with his hands. When his hands reached Dean's ass, he squeezed his cheeks and pulled them close to grind their erections together, making both men groan into each other's mouths.
Bobby knocked on his parents’ door and waited. Sam opened their door, fire in his eyes. He threw Bobby against the wall and pinned him with a forearm at his throat.
Cas tapped two fingers to Dean’s forehead, cleaning them up in an instant. “Yes, that sounds good to me. Will you actually allow me to help cook tonight?”
In a blink, Cas was clean and fresh, as if the graveyard never happened. “I do not require the time, thank you Mary. I would prefer to stay here with Dean until he awakens.”
Bobby stood up and offered his hand, the man taking it in a firm handshake. “Thanks. I should probably head home, talk to my family about it.”
As for their romantic relationship, he was pleased with how well he and Dean fit together despite the differences in their upbringings and their perspectives on life. While they constantly disagreed on many things, they had yet to really argue to the point of feeling their relationship wouldn’t work. Tonight would be their biggest challenge, though, with Castiel’s mother in the audience.
"Memphis, Tennessee," Cas replied, stopping in front of a building with a large sign that read Dyer's Burgers. As they entered, Cas explained, "a man named Doc Dyer opened this establishment in 1912 with his own unique cooking process for his burgers, which included frying them in his secret grease recipe. They still use the same grease today, straining it daily, and it has been said to produce some of the juiciest, most delicious burgers in the country."
trilogy tomorrow afternoon. I’m taking to heart your advice on expanding my exposure to pop culture and was wondering if that would count. It appears to be several decades old, so I don’t know if that would count as recent, as far as movies would go.”
Castiel didn’t know what prompted him to ask the question, and the shock on Dean’s face made him regret asking. Before he could apologize, Dean replied quietly, “Because I don’t wanna forget her.” Castiel took Dean’s hand in his and squeezed it. The two men stood there in companionable silence for quite a while, thinking on their own motives and of each other’s.
“Yeah, goodnight boys,” Gabriel said with a lewd grin, “I need to put my moose to bed.” With a snap, he and Sam were gone.
Sam smelled burnt herbs and went to the mortar and pestle on top of the dresser. Bobby noticed the burnt out sigil on the closet door, still smoking. "It's the same spell," Bobby said quietly. He looked around the room-under covers and pillows, under the mattress, in the closet and in drawers, then said, "he took the book with him. There's no way to follow him."
, MJ thought. Bobby got wings, Sammy could heal, and all she could do was run really fast. Well, she had the walking, talking devil’s trap thing going on, but really, that didn’t count because it wasn’t something she could
MJ went to hug Kevin, but saw her dad lying unconscious on the ground, blood pouring from his shoulder. She yelled “Dad!” and dropped down next to him. Shifting Sammy to one arm, she used the other to rip open Dean’s dress shirt and lift up his undershirt, exposing the blade wound in the soft hollow of his shoulder. She leaned over to bunch up the shirt to staunch the bleeding, but baby Sammy cried “owie” and practically fell out of MJ’s arm onto Dean. His little baby hands landed on Dean’s chest and immediately began glowing.
Before leaving the restaurant, MJ had to use the restroom. She knew Kevin couldn’t follow her in, so she took out Dean’s cell phone (
Cas was just too cute. And damn, homemade burgers. Dean stretched over the counter to reach the radio on the other side of Cas and flipped it on, not missing the way Cas’ nostrils flared and he got another shade pinker. Led Zeppelin played loudly over the small radio, startling Cas and making Dean laugh.
Even though Cas wasn't thrusting into him particularly hard or fast, Dean felt his orgasm building incredibly fast. He was so close.
“Erk!” Sammy said with a laugh, Sam and Gabriel laughing right along with him. Dean just scowled and left the room, muttering something under his breath about how he should be Sammy’s favorite.
Cas studied the little bundle in his arms. He had a little tuft of blonde hair on the top of his head. A cute little button nose between chubby cheeks, pouty little lips suckling against the air. Full lashes fluttered as they opened, revealing the bluest blue eyes Cas had ever seen. His heart turned over in his chest. As badly as Dean had hurt him, he had done so to protect this little angel, their little angel. He couldn't fault him for that.
“She’s not my favorite person either, Cas,” Dean whispered in his ear, “but she might have information that could help us get everything resolved and the kids back to their own time. Let’s play nice, okay?”
“Nope. All we can say about that is that you guys were all bonded before I was born,” MJ told them. “Back then, the four of you-Dad, Papa, Uncle Sam, and Grandma Mary-all hunted together or in teams. Uncle Gabe was still out playing trickster on occasion, but started getting back into the whole Archangel of Justice thing. When I was born, you were all worried about the Host wanting to start smiting Nephilim again, so I got the Enochian rib treatment and Grandma stayed home to watch me whenever there was a hunt. She loved playing doting grandma-baking pies, reading me kid-friendly lore, playing games with me that would make me a quick thinker and stronger while still letting me be a kid. After Bobby was born, Uncle Sam gave up hunting to stay at home with us. He became a full-time Man of Letters and the bunker became a central hub for all supernatural lore and hunters across the country.”
Gabriel wrapped one arm around Sam's waist and pulled him flush. His hold was loose and languid. His body language was saying he wasn't going to force anything, but Sam wasn't going anywhere. "You okay gorgeous?" he asked Sam, genuine concern in his eyes.
The dam burst and Dean broke down in sobs, grabbing his daughter and holding her tight. MJ just held him, kept saying "I'm sorry, Daddy."
MJ snorted. "I doubt any hunters would be sympathetic to Dad and Uncle Sam shacking up with angels. They're not the most accepting bunch." She winced as she looked at her Uncle Sam. "No offense to you guys, you know that."
“Okay then,” Dean smiled, giving his brother another slap on the shoulder before popping tape two of Tommy into the tape deck.
The second finger took Dean by surprise and he almost tensed up again, but Cas was kissing him and stroking his body into relaxation. The burn and stretch went from uncomfortable to wonderful in no time flat. For a moment it felt like Cas is rooting around inside him, looking for something, before a jolt of white hot ecstasy shoots up his spine, bowing his back and ripping a cry from his throat.
“Sounds like a plan to me.” Sam took his angel by the hand and led him to their bed, snuggling into Gabriel’s back once he was settled in and both falling into the most content sleep they’ve had in a while.
"I thought you brats were going to the movies," they heard a feminine voice from another room call out. A door to their right opened and a very short woman stepped out. She was just wearing black underwear and a black t-shirt with an anti-possession symbol on it that said
“Angels gestate for approximately four months, but they develop inside an egg, which is then passed from their vessels and hatches another four months later.” Dean stared at him bug-eyed. “However, Nephilim gestate in much the same manner as humans, with the exception they generate their own placenta and gestate for about thirty-six weeks instead of forty.”
“Think maybe the reason the spell to get back didn’t work was because MJ was in proximity?” Bobby asked his Pops. Gabriel shook his head, “she can still cast spells, so that’s not it. But it does tell us that a spell to get you guys back won’t work for her.”
"Dean Winchester," he heard his mom say. He stood up and turned around to see his mom and his brother both standing there with their arms crossed over their chests wearing matching bitchfaces. Dean briefly wondered if that was hereditary. "You hand me my grandson right now and go get a decent meal," she told him.
“What she said,” Dean agreed, tilting his head towards his mom. “We got Lucifer back in the cage and Crowley under contract to leave you guys alone. Now we just have to worry about the Grigori and we can get you back to
A photo of Gabriel, Sam, Dean, and Cas all wearing the fanciest suits he'd ever seen, arms slung over each other's shoulders. They all looked damned good and happier than ever, smiling for whomever had taken the picture.
The room went silent, all eyes on Castiel as they waited for his response. Cas cleared his throat, looked at Dean, and simply stated, “we have bonded.” Dean blinked once. Twice. Then said, “oh, okay, cool,” then took another sip of his coffee.
Gabriel shrugged and returned his smile. “It was normal.” He pulled Sam closer to him, their bare chests touching as they stopped moving their feet but continued swaying to the beat. “I’m an archangel, you hunt monsters. We’re never gonna be ‘normal’, but I’ll do everything I can to give you ‘normal for us’.”
"Let's try this from the top, shall we?" Gabriel asked, stepping forward and taking the woman's hands in his. That touch told him that she wasn't evil, wasn't a monster, but there was something powerful about her. "What's your name, sweetheart?"
He watched her for a few moments, amazed at the amalgamation of him and his best friend. She had Cas’ black hair and his lean athletic build, but beyond that she was so much like Dean that he felt that’s how he’d be if he were female. She wasn’t a chipper morning person; she was languid yet alert. She blew across the top of her coffee before taking a long, slow sip, releasing it with a groan Dean remembered making just that morning after his first sip of coffee.
. Entertain me.” Gabriel had a serious case of cabin fever. He was used to being able to go wherever, do whatever, whenever he wanted. Not being able to actively use his grace on top of not being allowed to leave the bunker was making him a serious pain in the ass.
“Not at all, Sammy,” Dean replied. “We just had a heart to heart last night, and apparently that’s when it happened. No flashing lights or big production. All of a sudden we were just, I dunno,
He heard the sound again and chuckled at himself. Someone was knocking at the door. “I got it!” he yelled to his brother, who was puttering around the kitchen. He was not expecting to open the door and see Cas-prim, proper, stuck-up Cas-standing there in the softest looking faded blue jeans and a faded black tee with a picture of Einstein sticking his tongue out. His hair was stuck up in every direction like he had just rolled
He walked up behind Sam and rested his hands on his shoulders, leaning down and placing a kiss on the top of his head. Sam looked up at Gabriel and smiled, and his heart pleasantly dropped to his stomach. “Hey, gorgeous,” he said with a smile. “Got time to talk?”
“Hey, Gabe,” Sam said softly, standing just inches from his angel. Gabriel looked up at Sam and shyly said, “hey, gorgeous.” Sam smiled at that and wrapped his arms around Gabriel. Gabriel hugged Sam back, and Sam dropped a kiss on the top of his head.
“Hey, I made that cake from scratch,” Gabriel said, looking offended. “I didn’t have time to make anything else. Want me to snap something up?” Sam and Dean were getting used to Gabriel’s propensity for actual food, rather than food he just snapped up. He claimed it tasted much better, despite how awesome his angelic mojo was.
while Dean signed up for a B&N membership and purchased several leather-bound books, including the copy of
"The fuck are you doing?!? You fuck people up, not rape them! This isn't you, it's whatever the fuck is compelling us to fuck each other! You-" Gabriel cut him off with another snap of his fingers.
“Ummmmm,” Sam tried to remember, but couldn’t. Dean just grabbed his wallet and headed outside to pay the cab driver.
Dean smiled at that as he looked around the bunker. Sam and Gabriel had repaired all the damage that the angels had done to the door and it looked better than before. He nodded in approval at all the work they put into it. “Great job you guys,” he said to his brother and Gabriel, seeing them slink in from the garage. “Did you accomplish anything else while we were gone?” he joked.
“Then go spend time with the kids,” Mary insisted. “I need some time to assure myself that my son is going to be alright.”
“Of course, Dean. I shall return shortly.” Castiel squeezed Dean’s hand, handed baby Sammy over to him, and disappeared.
Dean led Cas to the dark corner of the shopping center parking lot where he parked Baby. He texted the pictures he took to Cas' phone, then emailed them to his brother. He assumed Cas would fly off to wherever he went when he wasn't with the Winchesters, so he was surprised when Cas climbed into the passenger seat, shutting the door behind him and turning to face Dean. Dean sat there, dumbfounded, staring at Cas' hair.
Kevin stood up. “Let me say hi to Bobby real quick, then I’ll get to work on that… stuff,” he said with a smile. He headed down the hallway to Sammy’s nursery and poked his head in. Bobby was asleep in the rocker in the corner of the nursery, baby Sammy asleep on his chest. Being an angel, he could see their wings; Sammy’s wings spread out over Bobby’s chest, and Bobby’s wings wrapped around the baby.
“Lady,” Dean said in the kindest, most non-threatening voice he’d ever used, “Cas is so damned talented that he could play for the Pope naked and everyone would think it was the most awesome thing in the world. He’s loved by everyone he works with, and most of all by me. He doesn’t need you or your nasty attitude. Now if you don’t mind, I’m going to take my kind, talented, insanely gorgeous boyfriend home so I can show him how much I love him. I’d say it was nice meeting you, but my mom really loved me and raised me right, teaching me not to lie. Have a good evening.”
“Dude,” he said breathlessly, “I don’t care what you said before. You brought apple pie, you are my new best friend.”
“There’s modern jazz,” he rolled his eyes at her, “it just sounds timeless. It’s one of the reasons I love it so much.”
MJ’s eyes went wide. “Okay, but you asked for it.” She took a couple deep breaths to control her laughter, hoping to make it through the whole story before she lost it again. “You know the kind of music that Papa likes to listen to?” Dean frowned at that, remembering the hip hop music, and nodded. “Well, you caught him dancing to it a few times. Actually, Papa’s a really good dancer. Turned out you liked his dancing so much that you got the bright idea to set up a stripper pole for him.” Dean’s eyes went wide with horror as he remembered MJ’s quip this past Valentine’s Day when he had asked about his sex life in the future. The ten shades of red he turned earlier had nothing on the twenty shades of red he must be now. “Anyways,” MJ continued, “the way Bobby tells it, when he came out of his room that night you were sitting back on the couch with a stack of one dollar bills in your hand, and Papa was doing some pretty indecent things on that stripper pole.” Dean gulped. “Upside down.” Dean’s eyes bugged out of his head. “In nothing but a little red Speedo. And his song of choice was
have. He didn't know if he could go full-on gay porn with Cas, but he'd been wrong about what he thought he could do before.
“I promise,” Cas said in his normal monotone voice, though the quirk of his lips gave him away, “it is actually an appropriate surprise. Gabriel will take Sam and Bobby, while you and I drive down with your mother, Mary Jo, and Sammy.”
Present Dean held up two hands. "It's okay angel, he's from the past," he explained. "MJ and Bobby are okay."
"Sorry, man," Dean mumbled before slowly pushing into his friend's tight hole. When the head popped past the rim, Cas' head fell back on a slutty moan. That was all the encouragement Dean needed to continue his slow slide into his own personal Heaven. Cas' ass was tight and hot and
Sam wished he could believe that was all there was to it, but when had the Winchesters ever had that kind of luck?
Kevin looked MJ in the eyes with a smile, then kissed her cheek. “Goodnight, Gracie.” Then he was gone.
"Hey, I'm not the one who's been taking it up the ass all day," Dean joked. "You sure you're okay, dude? You're not sore or anything, are you?"
“How long has this been going on Mary Jo?” Dean asked her sternly, Sam still restraining him. MJ flinched, her dad rarely using her full name like that unless he was angry or disappointed with her.
"Play nice kids," Gabriel said, standing up and stretching. "Whatever this is, it's powerful enough to resurrect an archangel, pull an angel's wings into existence, can compel all of us to do shit we'd never consider, and likes fanfiction of dear old Dad's Supernatural books. I'm not normally the buzzkill in the room, but..." Gabriel shrugged his shoulders and raised his hands in a questioning motion.
He continued his trek upwards, kissing across Sam’s six-pack, licking along the ridges of the muscles as he ran his fingertips up and down his ribs. He licked a stripe from navel to sternum before latching onto one of Sam’s nipples, sucking it as he flicked the tip of his tongue over the hardening nub. Sam arched his back as Gabriel’s jean-clad cock rubbed against his exposed one, the friction from the fabric feeling deliciously sinful. As Gabriel moved to give his other nipple equal attention, he raised his hand up to snap again, removing his clothes and allowing his naked erection to run against that of his lover’s, his precome giving it a smooth glide, both men moaning at the sensation.
"You're dealing with two factions of demons. Crowley wants the kids because he screwed up with Amara and couldn't control her. He wants his own powerhouse kids, but demons can't reproduce like angels can. He thinks our kids are the next best thing," Gabriel said.
Dean didn’t know when he’d started crying, but he could feel the tears streaming down his face. He looked into Cas’ eyes, trying to read the emotions there, but there were so many he couldn’t tell one from another.
MJ looked at her lap sullenly, silent except for the odd sniffle. “He was pregnant right after he and Uncle Sam bonded. Shit happened, and long story short some fucking bastards chained him down and cut it out of him with his own angel blade.”
“Oh, come on! This is how we’ve done it since I was a kid-you drive, Papa sits on the passenger side, I sit in the middle.” She looked up at Dean, widening her green eyes and batting her eyelashes at him. “Please Daddy?”
They landed on Phinney Avenue in Seattle. The unassuming two-story brick building on the corner had a couple of café tables out front, the words
“Are you certain that is wise?” Cas asked. “If we change things too much, they may not come back in time, therefore creating a paradox.”
But this one prayer, it was like a clear bell ringing through his mind. Sharp with pain, fear, and anguish. The person praying was in a bad way, he could tell, but the prayer wasn’t for them. ‘Keep them safe’ over and over, images of men in uniform, sand everywhere. Another self-sacrificing soul.
Dean shoulder-bumped him before sitting on the piano bench to look over the sheet music. “Atta boy, Sammy,” he said with a grin. Sam just gave him a lopsided smile and ran up the stairs to clean up.
Sam sank to his knees between Gabriel’s legs and took his angel’s hands in his own. “What do I do, Gabe? I can’t fix this.” He kissed his angel’s fingers one at a time, silently begging his forgiveness.
First Chair. You two can fight over the solos, or however you wanna figure it out. Tran, you’re finally second chair, congratulations.” With that, Rufus turned and left the hall.
"You and Dean are about the same length," Cas said, leaning his forehead down to the desk, "but I believe you are much thicker. I prefer Dean's size, though, as well as his technique."
"But some people have a preference for partners who are proportional?" Cas asked, genuinely curious.
“Well, color me lucky. I’d get to keep my new favorite Winchester.” Lucifer looked smug with that little tidbit. “Cassie and Gabe are two of the few angels I know of that can handle the time-travel thing, but if you’re immune to angel powers too, I don’t know if even they could get you back. Might require divine intervention.”
Sam faltered, shocked by the sounds that Cas was making under his brother. Gabriel reached back and grabbed onto Sam's thighs, pulling him into each thrust. "Almost there, Sammy," he gasped, and Sam started pounding into Gabriel again with renewed vigor. Sam tipped over the edge as Gabriel's ass started squeezing his cock and the two came loudly, almost simultaneously.
Castiel was also pleased with the effect Dean was having on him. Since becoming closer to the man his musical tastes have expanded, as well as his circle of friends. He felt his collaborations with Dean improved his musical skills as well. He was sure that in another month when their regular chair challenge came around, he would no doubt take the position back.
“Don’t sweat it, man,” Dean said with a smile. “Sammy’s always putting together fun shit for me to play.” Dean looked up at Sam as he returned to the room with Gabriel. “Did you still wanna give this a shot tonight?” he asked his brother.
He turned to go to the kitchen, but almost ran right into a short blonde woman in her thirties with a scar going from her left temple down to her neck. She lowered the shotgun in her hand and said, "God dammit, Dean, you're supposed to be on perimeter patrol with Sam. Gabe's taking good care of Cas."
The tall chestnut-haired teenager standing by Sam stepped forward and offered her his hand. "Bobby Winchester, ma'am. Sam and Gabriel are my dads. That's MJ and Sammy," he said, pointing at the girl and baby. "They're Uncle Dean and Uncle Cas' kids. Well, we're their future kids."
“We should not have assumed they would fail,” Castiel said, plucking the little white box from Gabriel’s fingers. “After all, they are Winchesters, which means they can do the impossible to protect their family, even at the cost of themselves.” He turned to Dean, holding up the box. “What is this?”
Cas looked down at his feet, then back to Dean. “About six feet,” he said seriously, not realizing he made a joke. Dean chuckled and patted the couch next to him, indicating he wanted Cas to sit next to him.
“I would definitely be amenable to that,” Castiel replied. “Will your brother be arranging the pieces, or did you have something else in mind?”
The men all rushed to Bobby, who was quickly losing consciousness. “Sorry Uncle Dean,” he said with the last of his strength. “Don’t blame MJ, this was my idea and she just went along with it.” Gabriel caught his son before he hit the floor and told the other he was going to fly him back to the bunker.
"But we're of Michael's vessel's bloodline, too," Bobby pointed out, "and both Michael and Lucifer are archangels. Even though Lucifer fell, there was nothing demonic about him except his attitude."
Thoughts of his mom slowly pulled him down throughout the rest of the week. Would she be just as excited as he had been to introduce Cas (or anyone else) to something new and amazing? Was she as open with her fellow musicians to allow a rival to join their circle of friends? Then it devolved into what his mom would think of Cas, if she knew he found Cas attractive, and how she would feel if she knew Dean swung both ways. The final breaking point was receiving the music for
“Hey Cas,” Dean said, stumbling back draped over MJ’s shoulder. Castiel ran to his side, cleaning blood from him looking for wounds. “You’re too late, angel,” he laughed tiredly, “Sammy beat ya to it.” He tapped his shoulder where Anane had run him through.
as he slammed into Gabriel about a dozen times before coming again. He continued to slowly rock into Gabriel as his orgasm ebbed and flowed through him.
“Because it was empty!” Gabriel practically shouted. “We never thought they’d actually get Lucifer into the cage!”
“Think maybe Cas could do it?” Dean asked thoughtfully. No way in hell was he gonna risk his brother.
Cas’ gaze dropped to the floor, then he looked at the ceiling before looking at Dean again. On a sigh, he said, “I had to be perfect, the best, my mother expected no less of me. If I wasn’t, she either scolded me or simply ignored me. I believe she thinks of me as a reflection of herself; if I am not perfect, then neither is she.”
Mary huffed at Castiel’s rudeness, but Toni just brushed it off. “Though I understand your concern Castiel, please understand that I would never harm a child.” She took a sip of her coffee with a slight grimace. “Not even on orders. The thought is positively abhorrent to me.” Dean loosened up a little at that, but Cas didn’t. “He is adorable though. Between him and Mary Jo, you make positively beautiful children.”
, sharing a large bowl of ice cream with two spoons. Dean cleared his throat loudly, making Sam jump.
was written specifically for two cellos. If this is the easy part, what did Dean’s part look like? The short, staccato notes still made his stomach churn. Yes, he could play them, but his preference leaned towards more complex pieces, multiple notes played on long flowing sweeps of the bow. This piece would require shorter, faster bow strokes. Showy, but messy.
“Aaaarg! Just stop!” he growled in frustration, causing Cas to stop and look up. Dean pushed himself out of the chair he was sitting in and stomped over to Cas, dragging the chair behind him. He snatched the cello and bow from his hands and sat directly across from him. “Watch,” he said, then started to play. He took the piece back a few measures to the beginning of the phrase, closing his eyes as he did so. He played through that phrase and the next before stopping, opening his eyes to see Cas staring at him with his mouth open.
MJ broke down and told Cas about Dean finding her photos and learning more about the future than he should have. Cas held her and stroked her hair as she cried, understanding better why she was so angry with him when they had first arrived.
Christ!” he said, getting up and stomping to go answer it. When he saw Cas standing at the door, he tried to slam it, but Cas stopped him.
. He had ideas on how to entertain Gabriel, but he was still a little gun-shy after the whole grace addiction thing. He hadn’t been able to work up past holding Gabriel and kissing him, too worried he might accidentally pull on Gabriel’s grace and hurt their unborn child.
Cas grabbed his own dick, but was so lost in the feeling of Dean thrusting inside of him that he did nothing else. Dean reached around and wrapped his hand over Cas’, stroking him in time with his rapidly accelerating thrusts. Cas became even more vocal, louder than Dean had ever heard him, and it spurred him on. Now Dean was the one pleading, “come on Cas, come for me, wanna hear you scream for me.” Dean’s voice dragged Cas over the edge, the angel screaming Dean’s name as he shot his release over his hand and their bed, his ass clamping down on Dean’s cock. The pressure was enough for Dean to fall over the edge with his angel, his own head thrown back with a feral growl ripped from his throat. His thrusts slowed as he emptied his come into Cas until he felt milked dry and completely exhausted, falling onto Cas’ back.
“Yeah,” Dean laughed, “same. Never thought I’d have kids, man. I just hope I get used to it as we go along, you know? Last thing I wanna do is screw them up.”
Gabriel laughed, knowing this was going to be a glorious disaster. He tipped his glass back as well, finishing it off with a long sigh. “Let the games begin!”
“Whatever do you mean, Deano?” Gabriel asked with feigned innocence, batting his eyelashes. Sam snorted at that and rolled his eyes.
Cas cut his engine and stepped out to meet Dean. “This is a spectacular view, but we could have listened to the song anywhere,” Cas stated, eyebrow arched.
The angel turned, feral smile on his face as he moved towards the Nephilim and the baby. Sammy screamed and flung his chubby hands forward, like he was pushing the angel away, and a blast of energy came from him that made the Grigori stumble. Catching his balance, he came at them again, faster, grabbing MJ by the arm. As he raised his blade in the air to strike, an angel blade burst through his chest. He dropped to the ground, Kevin standing there holding his own angel blade.
He was still texting when they sat down in their booth. Sam promptly took the phone from Dean's hands and set it on the table. Dean glared at Sam and reached for his phone, but Sam slapped his hand away.
“The whole reason people go to the Speakeasy, to hear something other than what’s played on the radio,” Sam argued.
“Hey Cas,” he asked, dark circles under his eyes and a tired slump to his shoulders. “Is there any way I could open up my end of the bond to try to reach Gabriel? I mean, would it even work with his grace protecting the baby?”
When Kevin had saved MJ and Sammy back in the graveyard, Dean put all his ‘dad feelings’ aside, knowing Kevin was a good kid when he was alive and a good man now that he was an angel. He still wasn’t completely comfortable thinking about it, and he and Kevin agreed not to even talk about it once the kids went back to their own time.
He was pretty sure the woman was Claire, but as he was about to ask he heard a scream from the back of the house that sounded suspiciously like Cas. He dropped his duffel and ran, ignoring the woman's call for him to wait. He burst through the door to where he heard the screams coming from to find Gabriel standing over a very naked, very pregnant Cas, angel blade in hand.
"Pretty much," she shrugged. "But how about this?" She leaned in conspiratorially. "Family is off limits. They don't lay a finger on Gavin, and when they have kids you stay the hell away."
“Dean,” Sam reminded his brother, “there isn’t anything close to home. It’s one of the reasons we like this place, remember? It’s a good couple of hours out to I-70, with nothing but small towns between here and there. Topeka is the nearest big city and it’s a good three and a half hours away.” He turned to Gabriel again. “No, I’m not risking you out in the open like that.”
They were finally able to hunt down Aaron Bass and his newly resurrected Judah Initiative. While they didn’t have the resources their predecessors did, they offered everything they had to assist the Winchester family in their search.
"Don't stop," he said, his voice breathy. He looked over his shoulder at Sam and said, "either of you," then returned his head the crook of Dean's neck.
As Dean's breathing returned to normal, Cas tapped his forehead again, and Dean was grateful to feel the sticky messes between them disappear. And in true Dean Winchester fashion, this is where the guilt settled in.
It took a few days for the family to restore power to the bunker (they had to wait until power was restored to the area first), clean everything up, replace bulbs, and repair glass. Then it took another couple of days to repeat the process when Gabriel talked Sam into trying to outdo Dean and Castiel ("C'mon Sammy, I know I can do better!" At least they found out the bunker was earthquake-proof.). It might have gone faster if Sam and Dean were working at full speed, but both Winchesters absolutely refused their angels' offers to heal the glorious aches they caused.
by David Macinnis Gill, which Dean recommended to Castiel. This was much more enjoyable for Castiel and he was actually excited to find some common ground with the handsome man.
Flabbergasted, Sam just stared at Castiel for a minute. He wasn't ashamed of his dick in the slightest, but just whipping it out for the angel's inspection was ridiculous. However, he found himself undoing his pants and dropping trou right there in Chuck's living room.
Castiel Novak was currently-and just more than half the time-First Chair cello for the Kansas City Orchestra. The rest of the time First Chair was occupied by one Dean Winchester, who was once again challenging him for the seat. They have challenged each other probably every other month since Castiel came to the KCO two years ago. Dean was their golden boy, son of a former First Chair cellist, and despite his shoddy (according to Castiel) playing style, he had been First Chair since he joined the company. Castiel firmly believed he was the better cellist, but Dean believed otherwise.
Sam laughed breathlessly at that. “Thanks for the consideration, I appreciate it.” Gabriel just grinned at him before proceeding to rig the ropes to the pulleys above Sam. With his angelic strength, he pulled the ropes enough to get Sam balanced on his knees.
An idea crammed its way into Dean’s head, then immediately shook it loose. Nope, no way would he think of asking Cas to try this.
“SALT!” the boy yelled at them as the girl sliced open her palm with a small silver knife and started drawing sigils on the door with her blood. Sam and Dean jumped to action, Dean running for the salt as Sam ran for the door.
Dean blushed as he remembered what he said in the heat of the moment, but he couldn’t find a reason to regret it. “Yeah, Cas, I think I do.”
Sam barked out a laugh, pulling the archangel up with one arm while guiding his cock into him with his free hand. Gabriel slid down easily, despite Sam's girth, and took the entire length in a shuddering moan. Gabriel's hands made it back into Sam's hair, fisting it tightly and pulling Sam's head back to attack his neck with lips, tongue, and teeth. Sam growled and started bucking his hips, setting a brutal pace.
Sam looked up at Dean with a grin. “Hey man, think Kevin would want to give this a shot tonight?” he asked. “Figured we could try it before we start the movie, having two cellists here.”
Dean’s outburst had woken the others in the bunker, and as they trickled into the kitchen to see what was going on Castiel just held up a hand and shook his head. Gabriel pulled out pie for himself and Sam and sat at the table. Mary came next, starting up the coffee pot. Bobby came in holding baby Sammy, and MJ kissed Cas on the cheek before making the baby a bottle. No one said a word as they moved around, trying not to do anything to set Dean off any further.
Cas placed a hand over Dean's heart, trying to soothe Dean back to sleep. However, Dean felt more than the calming influence Cas usually exuded. He knew he could pick up on Cas' feelings through the bond, but until now he'd only sensed happiness and contentment. Now he felt something that wasn't right, but being so new to this he couldn't tell what it was.
Once Sam was comfortable on the bed, Gabriel came up behind him, his own shirt gone. He started rubbing Sam’s shoulders and kissing along the sides of his neck. Sam relaxed into his touch. Gabriel added massage oil and started digging into the tense muscles where his shoulders and neck met. From there, his thumbs pressed into the muscles of Sam’s upper back, loosening knotted muscles.
Now it was Sam’s turn to laugh. “Sounds like a ‘hunter extraordinaire’ to me!” Castiel just nodded in agreement, his lips quirking up in a sideways grin. Dean flipped them both off. Gabriel covered Bobby’s eyes in mock horror and said, “not in front of the children!”
Sam and Dean were in the kitchen leaning against the counters while they sipped their beers and discussed a possible poltergeist two states over. You know, typical stuff on a typical day. Until it wasn't.
“Hey Dad,” Bobby yelled, running into the room with a tablet in his hand. “Why did Uncle Dean think this was witches?”
When Bobby got to Sam’s gift, he eyed the large, slim box. After ripping off the wrapping paper and opening the nondescript brown box, he pulled out a guitar case. Inside the case was an Epiphone electric acoustic guitar. It had a sunburst pattern across the front, solid black on the back. It had a moustache bridge, and the rosewood panel on front had been inlaid with protection sigils in mother of pearl. Bobby was totally in awe of the gorgeous instrument.
“Yes,” Castiel agreed, noticing his voice drop in pitch again. He cleared his throat and tried again. “Yes, dinner is amenable. Do you have a preference?”
Sam finished his coffee in a few gulps and poured himself another mug, adding sugar and milk this time, before sitting down at the table. "He took Bobby to go see Kevin," he explained. "Apparently, my son is having
The heat was becoming unbearable. Gabriel blinked his eyes and looked up, then side to side. He was in a very large room, like a surgical amphitheater. He was strapped to a table in the middle of the room and surrounded by a ring of holy fire. He jerked at the restraints on his wrists, seeing these weren’t the warded restraints they had used on him before. He squeezed his eyes shut and listened to the litany of “Gabriel, Gabriel, Gabriel,” in his head, so scared he could only think of Sam, only hear Sam’s voice. A tear slid down his cheek.
"You two-just your eyes, or did you get any in your mouths?" Gabriel started moving them down the hall to the communal showers as he talked."Just the eyes," Sam said.
When Castiel returned, Dean wasn’t in their room. He walked down the hall toward the living areas looking for his husband. Cas smiled at the word, looking at the ring on his left hand. As predicted, Sam and Gabriel had given Dean a hard time about his ‘chick flick moment’ and his sentimentality, but Mary and Mary Jo had cooed over them. He wondered if he should get a ring for Dean as well; that would be something to ask Gabriel about at a later date.
Charlie’s enthusiasm was infectious, and Castiel couldn’t help but return her smile. “I agree, but let’s wait until Sam is there to celebrate with us. I have a feeling this is his doing, after all.”
"So am I!" Deanna laughed. She reached over to her nightstand and opened a drawer, pulling out a pair of Hufflepuff socks. That had them both laughing as they cuddled closer to each other, Gabriel still holding her tight.
“Hey Deano!” Gabriel called out, getting their attention. “You’re handy with power tools. Care to help me with a little arts and crafts project?”
Cas stopped in front of Dean and crossed his arms over his chest, frowning. “Are you telling me that when you watch movies that contain elements you have knowledge about, that you don’t get irritated when it’s incorrect?”
“Dude, you don’t go to the theater for science, you go for the story. Who cares if the science is right or not?”
. “I know the bible plays up his skills on the horn, but Pops always preferred string instruments. He’s also a decent percussionist.”
“Nuh uh!” Bobby shook his head. “Said angel isn’t even here right now, so there’s no point in freaking you out.”
“Dads can be such dicks sometimes, you know? I mean, they’re not always right, and they’ll never admit when they’re wrong. And they don’t realize how it makes us feel.” MJ sighed again. “Sorry, I’m just pissed at my own dads, makes me a little more sympathetic towards you.”
? I actually talked to Cas about Mom, how important she was to me, how being the best wasn’t just for my ego, but for her memory, and he turned around and shit on that!”
“I loved reading and learning, and I loved working side by side with my dads. I learned Latin and Enochian and can cast spells better than most witches, thanks to Dad, and Pops taught me about true justice, not just ‘just desserts’. But Uncle Dean cultivated my love of movies and introduced me to Indiana Jones at an early age, so I applied to Harvard’s archaeology program. I wanna be better than Indiana Jones and Lara Croft combined,” he said with a grin.
First Chairs in a section, regardless of the instrument. He looked at Dean, who appeared as shocked as he was.
Bobby extricated himself from between his dads. He gave Sam a one-armed hug and said, “go take care of him Dad. He needs you more than anything right now.” Sam just nodded and pulled Gabriel back into their room.
In the aftermath of Samyaza’s death at Gabriel’s hand, life seemed to come to a screeching halt for the Winchesters and their angels. There was no word on the remaining six Grigori at all; neither the angels nor the Men of Letters could find them. On top of that, supernatural occurrences seemed to come to a standstill as well. No demons, no creatures, not even a ghost was heard from for days now. It was as if the world around them took a deep breath and was holding it.
Dean was manning the grill and Gabriel was kicked back in the shade with baby Sammy asleep on his chest while everyone else was in the water. MJ was sitting on Cas’ shoulders, Mary was sitting on Sam’s shoulders, and Kevin was sitting on Bobby’s shoulders, playing a three-way game of chicken. It took them almost half an hour to explain the game to Castiel and another five minutes to convince him to play, but now that he was in the middle of it, he was having so much fun he barely stopped smiling.
"You would have pulled the same crap," she pointed out. Sam stifled a laugh at that and Dean glared at him.
violating her, Cassie,” Gabriel pointed out. “It was one hundred percent consensual. They wanted each other. Just like you two want each other,” he said with a smirk.
She was about to protest when he cut her off “AND they need to be more respectful of you. Before I do anything, you guys need to hash things out, okay?” He kissed her on the top of the head before taking Sam by the hand and leaving their brothers and their daughter to talk.
A plan was formulating in his head on how to remove this threat from his son’s life. He swore on his grace and Sam’s soul that no one would ever harm their family again. He only hoped now that Sam and the others would agree to his plan, because they weren’t normally the ‘divide and conquer’ type. He knew Castiel, Sam, and Dean were strong enough to take the other Grigori down as a single unit, but Samyaza was his. Samyaza was the one who corrupted the Grigori, demanding they consume souls to replace the power they no longer received when they were cut off from the Host. He put on the headphones Cas had given him and pressed play. And as he listened to
Mary held out her hand to greet Jody, who just stood there slack-jawed. She wrapped Mary up in a bear hug and said, "lookin' good for a dead woman!" and Mary just laughed, hugging her back.
“While I appreciate the sentiment, I know there will still be times when Dean and I inadvertently hurt each other. However, I have faith that we will be able to overcome such things.”
“It’s almost noon, jerk,” was Sam’s reply. “Get your lazy ass up, I have a piece I want to run by you.” Sam grinned at his brother then left, slamming the door behind him. Dean winced at the sound.
. There was a good chance he was as big as Sam, but Sam still doubted it. Still, just to save face, he stood and dropped his own jeans and boxer briefs, a little surprised to find he was already half hard himself.
Dean plopped into his First Chair seat next to Cas, giving him a shoulder bump and a smile before getting ready for practice. He was still riding the highs of Friday night with Cas and a weekend of LARPing with Charlie. He was in a great mood.
“Suck it up, Cassie,” Gabriel said, “you said you’d play the benefit, and there’s no backing out. I suggest you get over yourself and give Deano a call, smooth things over.” He pulled out his phone and poked at it a few times, turning it to show Castiel his calendar. “Christmas is coming up in a couple weeks, then we’ll have about five months until the show. Plenty of time for you guys to work out your differences. It’s just the two pieces that Sammy wrote, how hard could it be?” With a huff, Gabriel left.
After retrieving his folder from Rufus and returning to his seat, he opened it to find several sheets of music in familiar scrawl. As he reviewed the piece, he knew it was his brother’s work, both from the handwriting and the style. It had started out with the same opening as Beethoven’s 5th, a piece he heard Cas listening to several times (it was his favorite), but then it transitioned into something heavier. As he continued reading the musical notation, a smile lit up his face. It was Led Zeppelin. Sammy had seamlessly combined both his and Cas’ favorite music.
Cas wrapped his arms tighter around Dean's neck, cupping the back of his head with one hand and stroking the base of his skull with his thumb. He let his tongue slide around Dean's, his lips indulging in the taste and texture of his hunter's soft mouth. He could very well get addicted to kissing this man.
In one deft movement, Castiel was on top of him, pulling his hips up and putting Dean's legs over his shoulders. He stroked his lubed hand over his cock twice before lining up and slowly pushing in, aiming for and hitting Dean's prostate. Dean's mind whited out to everything but the pleasure as Cas steadily hit his prostate on
"Hey guys," Dean said with a grin, "check this shit out." He held the jar with his fingers on the bottom and his thumb on the top because
Dean wasn’t surprised that Cas was jumpy, the way he ran from the room. He’d only wanted to see how the guy reacted to being flirted with, not scare him half to death. He just hadn’t expected him to spill his popcorn everywhere. He chuckled as he bent down to help Cas pick it up, dumping the spilled popcorn into the trash rather than back into the bowl.
"Very nicely done," Gabriel said, sliding into the seat Crowley just vacated, "have you ever thought about a career in law?" He crossed his arms over her chest and quirked an eyebrow at her, the look MJ knew meant she was in really deep shit.
Sam, Castiel, MJ, and Bobby were sitting at the map table in the war room writing furiously. After the Grigori were killed, MJ and Bobby started having a whole lifetime’s worth of overlapping memories-the life they lived versus the new life they would have, free of threats. They had been writing down all the old and new memories they could think of. The kids were ecstatic, memories of being hunted and on the run replaced with friends and family outings. Memories of MJ and her dads doing salt and burns, and easier hunts together and dating Kevin like a normal teenager; memories of Bobby and his dads travelling the world together, visiting libraries, collecting lore, even Gabriel taking them to Atlantis. The last picture from MJ’s photo book had changed; instead of the Impala being banged up and rusting, she looked as good as always. Everyone was clean, healthy, and smiling. Gabriel had a small baby bump this time, too. And Mary stood between her sons, not having died in the bunker’s collapse.
“Oh! What about the reason why Christmas doesn’t start until 8am!” Bobby said, and both kids started cracking up.
"Their pants," Dean joked under his breath. Gabriel snorted and held his fist up for Dean to bump, which he did.
Cas took off after they ate a couple BLTs and downed a couple sodas. Dean made sure to clean up the music room, and especially the piano, of any evidence before Sam got home. He leaned against the piano and closed his eyes, remembering how Cas looked sprawled out on top of it. Yeah, that was definitely going in the spank bank.
“Perhaps we could set the stage ourselves to ensure her safety? Mary Jo has proven herself capable on numerous occasions, and I believe if she does not attempt to improvise again we can get the information we need from Crowley.”
"Who? Claire?" Dean asked. "What's the big deal? We already knew she was on the road to that, just hoping Jody would have gotten her to stick with school. Besides, I think I saw her in the future. She had a scar on her face. What happened there?"
“Dude, it’s just me an’ Cas, like it’s always been. Just, you know, better.” Dean smiled at Cas, “Right?”
“I was just explaining to Toni about how angels carry and deliver children,” Mary explained to them. “As much information as the Men of Letters have on angels, they have very little about how they procreate. I was hoping it might give her some insight into recent events.”
. The man was absolutely gorgeous like this, with his hair even more sexed-up, his lips swollen from kissing, and the pale skin of his thighs flushed, sweaty, and trembling just a little.
“No, definitely not for the kids, but you should try it with Deano sometime. Bet you guys would have some real fun with that!”
Dean stood just inside the door, flabbergasted. The place was packed but smelled like a greasy Nirvana. He turned to one wall, which had the full Dyer's story posted for all to read. Next to that was the menu, but Cas stepped up to the counter and ordered them each a Dyer's Triple Triple Combo-a burger with three patties and three cheeses, along with home-cut fries and large Cokes. A table miraculously opened up and Cas led Dean over to take a seat.
Sam stood up and snatched the paper back, giving Dean his best bitchface. “Actually,” he said, still looking pissed at Dean, “it’s for piano and two cellos.” He handed Dean the top sheet with the title on it. “I know how much you love your movie themes, so I thought you’d appreciate it. Also, it was supposed to be a surprise. So, surprise,” he said flatly.
“My own Baby,” she grinned proudly. “1971 Chevelle, 454 SuperSport engine. We built her together. I always loved sitting and watching you work on cars, I picked it up pretty quickly. Pretty soon, I was your unofficial assistant.” She stood next to Dean, arms crossed over her chest and she rested her head on his shoulder. “Those were some of my favorite times, cranking the radio and getting elbows-deep in an engine with you.”
Dean tossed and turned in bed for hours that night trying to sleep, but he just couldn’t. He was tired but he couldn’t sleep and couldn’t pinpoint why. It was as if he just couldn’t get comfortable, the bed felt weird and maybe he didn’t have enough pillows. He didn’t know, it just felt off.
Dean pulled a folder of music out of his messenger bag and approached Cas, not disrupting his practice. When Cas finished and opened his eyes, he saw Dean standing there and smiled. Dean’s stomach did something funny, but he thought that was probably just the McMuffin he grabbed on the way in.
Instead of heading to the bar that night, Dean decided to take MJ out for ice cream and a movie as their own special valentine’s ‘date’. He hoped he could get some more information out of her, especially if it involved his future sex life.
The entire room was awkwardly silent for a minute before Dean cleared his throat. “Going somewhere MJ?” he asked in his best ‘dad’ voice.
"I guess I'm not," Gabriel replied with a grin and a shrug. Turning back to Sam, he said, "seems to me I'm back for a reason."
Sam laughed at that, then asked “did you ever think we would bond? I mean, before the kids showed up?”
“I thought that the demon may have possessed a child long enough to sell the bracelets at a fair, and found that one student who was selling jewelry at the fair doesn’t remember that day at all. I emailed her to see if she had any left, and she said no. Her mom said she sold eleven pairs of that particular bracelet.” Bobby told them. “We’ve had eight victims so far, including the one death. That means there are still three more people who could possibly die if the demon is still out playing with them.”
“Deano!” Gabriel called, pulling Sammy out of his car seat and cradling him against his chest. “Roll down those car windows and crank some tunes for us!” Dean smiled at that and obliged, putting in one of his mix tapes and blasting some Zeppelin.
“So this is the redneck you share First Chair with?” she asked disdainfully. “I heard the only reason he was able to secure the position in the first place was because he was friends with the chairman of the Board of Directors.”
“Nerd,” MJ muttered, but everyone could tell that Dean was as proud of Bobby as he was of his own daughter.
over to Dean, knowing he could do it more justice than Castiel himself ever could. Dean hugged him tight, unshed tears in his eyes. Their working relationship became even more seamless.
Gabriel and Sam wandered in at that moment, Sam stunned to see the woman who shot him having coffee with his mother.
Dean took the chair next to Crowley, turning it around before sitting on it backwards with his arms leaning on the backrest. “We need to get to the cage. MJ trapped Lucifer in there, but got stuck right along with him,” Dean explained.
“Uncle Dean said he’d bring your laptop back with them, they’re still using it. They’re planning on leaving Saturday morning and should be home by Monday evening,” Bobby relayed the message. “Where’s Pops at?”
Sam realized that wasn't the first time Gabriel had called him gorgeous. He also realized that out of all the nicknames Gabriel had given him, that one was his favorite. He smiled down at his angel and placed a chaste kiss on his lips.
Gabriel smiled wide. "I like it," he said with a snap, cranking the music. He flipped Deanna over onto the bed and ground his body into hers, mouth trailing down her neck in sharp nips and soothing flicks of the tongue and she wrapped her body around his. Her lips found his neck in return, sucking small marks up the smooth, pale column of flesh and her short fingernails scritched across the muscular planes of his back. Another quick snap of Gabriel's fingers and Deanna's back arched, his grace zinging down her spine and pooling between her thighs. The feeling only intensified when Gabriel captured one nipple between his teeth, holding it there while flicking his tongue across the tip. His other hand reached down between her legs, and when his fingers slid
” before Dean pushed in with one long, fast stroke, forcing a wail from Castiel’s throat. He grabbed his angel’s hips tight and set a brutal pace, fucking him deep and hard, his jeans scraping against the sensitive skin on Castiel’s thighs on each thrust. Cas could barely breathe as each hit forced the air from his lungs, along with loud cries and screams of pleasure. In no time at all Dean was teetering on the edge of release, so he slowed down just a fraction and leaned over Cas, saying “touch yourself for me, angel.”
“Ancestors are not fair game. You can’t have a time-travelling demon go back to before the deal was made and kill off any Winchesters. That affects future generations of Winchesters, which are off-limits.”
He’d told Cas about his mom, how important First Chair was to him, but he still insisted on taking it from him? What kind of fresh bullshit was this? Probably why Cas hadn’t made another move on him and why he was still grinning like an idiot.
“Sorry about that, man,” Dean said, a slight blush tinging his face. “I usually have a little more staying power than that.” He threw the rag onto one of the chairs before extending a hand to Castiel to help him down from the piano.
"Dean is correct," Cas stated, trying to fight the blush rising in his own cheeks. "Something strong enough to bring an archangel back from the dead and compel him to do anything may be a bigger threat than the... awkwardness... it created."
Castiel hated how Dean flirted with him. Dean flirted with everyone; it was like his default setting. What Castiel never understood though, was why flirt with him? His “people skills” were “rusty”, and he only had one friend, Third Chair cellist Kevin Tran. Castiel barely ever spoke with Dean or gave him any indication that he preferred the company of men, yet Dean thought it perfectly acceptable to throw a wink and a grin at him at inappropriate times. If it weren’t for the fluttering in his stomach every time he did that, Castiel might have said something to either the conductor or the co-conductor about Dean’s behavior.
“Dad,” she pleaded, “we need collateral. If he releases both of us then we have no reason to sign the contract. If he doesn’t release one of us as a sign of good faith, then we have no reason to believe he’ll release us after the contract is signed. Bobby needs help now.” She leaned her head closer to Dean and whispered “I’m still okay down here. Lucifer can’t get into my head. Please just agree to this.”
Dean, Castiel, Sam, and Gabriel found themselves at the warehouse on the corner of Third and Pine in Kenesaw, Nebraska that served as a gateway to Hell. After discovering their kids were in the cage with Lucifer, Castiel forced the two hunters to get some sleep so that the next morning they would be better prepared to deal with Crowley and his mother. Gabriel advised Cas that they not tell Crowley the kids were in the cage until they met with him; his train of thought being that if he knew the kids were there, he might do something to MJ and Bobby before they could get there and spring them.
"If I didn't know that angels weren't susceptible to such things," Castiel said, clearing his throat, "I would say we were affected by some sort of compulsion."
Castiel tilted his head to one side, slightly confused. “My ass doesn’t have feathers, Dean, as you well know. Also, marriage is a human concept. What we have goes far beyond that.”
Gabriel scrunched his nose at that. “I wasn’t sure what to get him, but I think I did okay. I really wish I could have given him a way to get back to his own time.”
“Can you blame me?” Gabriel whined. “I hadn’t felt loved and accepted like that for thousands of years. And Sam was happier than he’d ever been in his life.”
"Sheriff Mills speaking," Jody answered her cell phone from behind her desk at the Sioux Falls Sheriff Department.
Cas removed his hands from Dean’s and took the box from him. He looked at the ring, running his finger over the engraved wings with a smile on his face. “It’s beautiful, Dean.”
Cas leaned his forehead against Dean’s. “That will not be an issue,” Cas panted. “Gabriel took the liberty of soundproofing our room as he did for his and Sam’s. While we can hear everything outside the room, no one can hear what is going on inside.”
“I can’t speak for other angels,” Castiel said, pulling back to look at Dean with a feral look in his eyes, “but
Dean was making space in his dresser for all the stuff Gabriel snapped up for the baby. He laughed at some of the novelty onesies-'My Uncle is an Angel', 'I'm why we can't have nice things', 'My dad can kick your dad's ass'. After clearing out the bassinet, he sat down next to Cas on the bed, holding his arms out for little Sammy. Cas smiled at him, letting him get settled with the baby before handing over the almost empty bottle.
Dean had to lift his knees to kick his jeans and underwear to the floor. He pushed himself up to stare at Cas, effectively cradling the man in his lap. He looked at the underwear his angel was wearing and ran a finger just under the waistband.
Gabriel blinked once, then laughed. If it were possible, Sam would have turned even more red. “Is that all?” Gabriel asked. “Kiddo, I’m not gonna stop you from going out and finding yourself someone when you have an itch to scratch, but I’m hoping you won’t want to when you’ll have me willing and waiting at home.”
down next to the Model T to inspect some damage on one side, probably from that night Sam and Gabriel were out here recreating that scene from
Dean had to laugh at that. “Dude, I still can’t believe you’re dating a dude. Your whole ‘I know what I like’ has gone completely out the window.”
Gabriel crouched down next to Dean, poking him in the ribs like something he found on the side of the road. "You okay there, Deano?"
Dean picked up the gumdrop and pegged it at him this time, smacking him right in the face. "Yeah, original like a Looney Tunes cartoon, dropping pianos on people and electrocuting them. Face it, you're a hack who's been playing a Pagan god for too long to be anything but a bad rerun."
Crowley was waiting inside the warehouse for them, lounging at a small table with a cup of tea. “Hello boys,” he said lazily, “to what do I owe the pleasure of this little visit?”
Dean paced the length of the war room, beer bottle in hand. Castiel and Claire sat at the map table, their attention bouncing between Dean’s agitated movements and Sam, who was trying to get the cranky baby on his shoulder to burp. With a soft woosh of wings, Kevin appeared at one end of the room.
"It was hot, though," Gabriel said with a grin. "Almost Casa Erotica-worthy. But the whole take care of Sammy thing sounds like bad fanfiction. Definitely something that knows about your attachment to your brother."
Gabriel wrapped his arms around Sam’s waist, planting his hands firmly on his hunter’s ass, making him laugh. “It’s the Fourth of July,” he said, grinning. “And this, my Moose, is a Fourth of July picnic at the lake.” He tugged Sam a little closer, his face getting a little more serious. “There’s no such thing as ‘normal’ for a hunter, so this is me giving you a little ‘normal’. No monsters, no angels or demons, no fight for your life. Just an all-American family holiday.”
Everyone looked at Bobby, who had his hands over his ears and singing “LALALALALA” loudly to drown out the song and the associated memory. MJ laughed so hard that Sammy started squirming in her arms. Dean just walked over and stuck his head right up to see the minuscule distance between the metal object and his Baby’s glass.
. However, every time he would get settled in, he’d get yet another text from Gabriel. It was very middle school, with questions like “Did Dean say anything about Sam?” or “Has Sam talked about me to Dean?” He was very tempted to turn his phone off, but couldn’t find it in himself to not respond to his cousin, even if it was in the negative to his questions.
He pulled on Gabriel’s grace tentatively at first, not wanting to take too much, but found he was able to control himself much more if he pushed a matching amount of his soul into Gabriel to hold onto, as if balancing each other out.
Seeing Castiel relax into Dean's touch, Sam started in on his other wing, gently moving through the feathers to put them in their place. It was slow and methodical and the repetitive actions were soothing in their own way. Cas must have found it soothing as well; he was snuggled up to Dean's side and humming in contentment. Sam inched closer, sandwiching Cas between them comfortably, dropping a few light kisses on his bare shoulder as he continued to work.
“Yeah,” Claire said, “you think he was bad in 2017, you should have seen him when he first came to Earth. He didn’t know anything about human culture, didn’t get metaphors or pop culture, and was confused by most things humans did. It was both annoying and adorable.”
“Where the hell were you?” Sam demanded, arms around his son’s neck. “You scared the hell out of us.”
Yep, it went there. Castiel wanted Sam to fuck him right there in Chuck's house. He knew he should say no, should find a way to extricate himself from the situation, but whatever it was compelling them to do these things wasn't letting up and Sam could feel his fingers itching to reach for the angel. Fuck it. This was happening whether they wanted it to or not, so Sam yanked Cas towards him by the waist of his pants, undid the belt and his fly, yanked his pants down to his knees, turned him around, and bent him over Chuck's desk, scattering papers everywhere. Sam quickly uncapped the bottle of lube and slicked up his fingers, then slid his forefinger into Cas easily, all the way to the third knuckle in one smooth movement. The intrusion pulled a deep
Dean hates an unhappy Cas, so he puts one arm around his shoulder and says "how about we head over to Sioux Falls for a visit? It's only a six-hour drive, but I'll let you fly us there if it'll put a smile on your face." He nudged Cas' shoulder, giving him a playful grin.
2017 Dean turned his head and looked his future self in the eyes. He wracked his brain before he came up with "hallelujah." Present Dean's eyes went wide, then turned to his brother and said, "let him down." Sam tried to argue, but Dean said, "now!"
With a slight snap, Gabriel lubed his fingers before sliding two into Sam, dragging a low moan from the man. He worked his fingers in and out slowly, rubbing his rim and scissoring him open before sliding in a third finger. When Sam's pants and whines became more urgent, Gabriel removed his fingers and used the lube on his fingers to slick up his cock before pushing into Sam's ass in one fluid movement.
They stood there breathing each other’s air for a heartbeat before Dean leaned in and kissed Castiel. It wasn’t the fast, passionate kiss they shared last Friday; it was soft, sweet, tentative. Dean placed his hands on Castiel’s hips and pressed in, exploring Castiel’s mouth with lips and tongue. Castiel reciprocated in kind, allowing the sensual kiss to envelop him.
“I agree, Sammich,” Gabriel nodded. “Our future selves may have died getting them here. I don’t want them going back to that. Thank Father this timeline hasn’t been set in stone, it gives us a little more leeway to play with.”
Cas just smiled, wrapping an arm around Dean and running his fingers through Sammy’s wings. “I told you they were,” he said happily.
“You an’ MJ are cute together. Are you guys gonna get married?” Sam slurred with a shit-eating grin.
With a groan, Castiel stripped off his boxers and wrapped them around his cock, jerking fast and hard until he spent himself into the material. He squeezed himself with his boxers as efficiently as he could before tossing them onto the floor and rolling over naked.
Gabriel’s hand scrubbed the back of his neck sheepishly. "Well," he started, "there's never been a Nephilim that was part archangel before. Seems he's got some," Gabriel paused, searching for the right words, "unforeseen biological issues we weren't expecting."
Castiel looked at Dean, then looked at the twenty on his music stand. Dean was right, he wasn’t fond of modern music. Most of it just sounded like noise to him. He did know one song, though, and he smiled at the memory.
Lucifer pushed Gabriel away. He looked around the ground at the angel trap, then he looked at the others standing there. His demeanor changed back from anger to mild amusement and irritation. He waggled his fingers in their direction and said, “hello Sam, good to see you again, you’re looking well for an archangel’s whore.”
Gabriel reached up with both hands and threaded his fingers through Sam's hair, indulging in the silky texture. Dean may give Sam hell about the length, but it was clear Sam took care of it, and it suited him beautifully. Curiously, he closed his fingers around the strands and gave a gentle tug.
Sam shot him a look that said 'not helping' before turning back to Castiel. "Dean and I are both covered in scars," he tried reasoning with the angel. "Do you think we're unsightly?"
Sam chuckled. “Pretty, but since Dean named his daughter after Mom, I was hoping if we had a girl to name her after Ellen.”
Gabriel nodded and said brightly, “that’s the plan!” He stood up, slapping Dean on the shoulder before bolting towards the water. With just a small push on his grace, he took a flying leap and cannonballed next to Sam, splashing water all over him. He came up from under the water and shook his hair out, spraying Sam in the face. Sam grabbed him up for a kiss before dunking both of them under the water. Dean just shook his head, smiling with happiness for his brother.
"Oh God, Cas," Dean moaned before grabbing Cas by the back of the neck and pulled him down, kissing him like a man possessed. Cas gave as good as he got, and it became a battle for dominance. Their hands searched each other's bodies for the spots that made each other moan and writhe. Their mouths were everywhere, tasting skin and sweat and not being able to get enough. Dean wrapped his legs around Cas and with a well-placed hip check he had rolled them over so that he was on top of his angel, between those muscled thighs. He grabbed Cas' hips right at the V and ground their erections together, making them both let out sounds of pure pleasure.
That afternoon found him with baby Sammy in one arm while he rummaged through the fridge for something to eat. He'd taken to eating small snacks throughout the day that he could eat quickly with one hand instead of actual meals, in case the baby needed anything.
Cas tucked his arm under Dean to pillow his head and pull him closer, pressing a kiss to his temple. “I apologize if I got carried away.”
“Dad and Uncle Sam are going on a hunt,” MJ told Bobby, who did the same doubletake MJ did. “Dad doesn’t hunt,” was Bobby’s reply. He pulled out Sam’s blender and threw in strawberries, bananas, some milk, then upended a bottle of chocolate syrup over it. The noise from the blender seemed to be a siren song, because Mary, Sam, Cas, and Gabriel all came trudging into the kitchen.
“I have a better idea,” Sam said, smacking Crowley’s other hand away. “You let them out, or we cure you. Let you enjoy all those nice human feelings. Think we can’t take you? Let’s have MJ give you a nice big hug and Bobby fly you wherever we need to go.”
," Gabriel explained, "that's why it was in a suspension. It was used to calm sexual appetites. Or in this case, enhance them."
Sam let this roll over a few times in his head. He couldn’t fathom a love that deep or that strong. Gabriel believed that Sam shared a love like that with Dean; that being his only point of reference, he didn’t believe he was capable of loving anyone else like that, not even Gabriel. But obviously he would at some point, because not only would they bond, but have a child together.
It wasn’t a perfect plan, but it was a good one. Unfortunately, Gabriel’s plan required getting the six lower Grigori in one place, and right now they just couldn’t find any of them. It’s like they were damned ghosts. And with them being cut off from the Host, it wasn’t like they could be tracked by any angel. They had considered luring them out of hiding-using Gabriel as bait, not the kids-but there was no guarantee how many or which of them would show up.
they sent the kids back to their own time. Nodding his head and grabbing both MJ and Bobby, they beat a hasty retreat out of the bunker, saying something about seeing a movie. Dean reminded Cas that Kevin and MJ had Bobby to disrupt anything they might get up to, calming his angel down slightly.
“Gabriel, may I have a word with you please,” Cas said in his normal voice, although Gabriel could tell by the subtle nuance in his voice that he was nervous about something. “In private.”
“Were there any fairs in the area recently?” Gabriel asked Bobby. Bobby grinned. His dad might not know what this is, but it seemed like his Pops was catching on pretty quick.
“Makes sense though,” Gabriel said, still clutching MJ. “We checked the books of Enoch and Jubilees, but the Book of Jude said the Watchers were bound to the ‘valleys of the Earth’. Nineveh is smack dab in the middle of old Mesopotamia. I never thought that
Castiel pulled a bottle of lube out of his trenchcoat pocket, a bottle Sam recognized as the bottle Dean keeps in the Impala's glove compartment, and set it onto Chuck's desk. He looked Sam dead on with his 'I am an angel of the Lord and you will obey me' face and said, "I would like you to penetrate me."
Dean leaned into the driver’s side window, pushed the tape into the tape deck, then cranked the volume.
Dean looked at it and sighed. He slid down the side of the car and sat with his back to it, holding Sammy in his lap. “What am I gonna do with you, little man?” he asked Sammy, and the baby just gurgled at him and patted his cheeks. Dean laughed. “Yeah, I’m trying kiddo, but I don’t know what the hell I’m doing. Never even thought I’d be a dad. I don’t know how to raise an angel.” At the word ‘angel’, Sammy blew a raspberry at him and Dean could swear he felt movement under his fingers where they touched Sammy’s back.
“I got him!” Sam said, grabbing Cas’ shoulder and pushing the image into the angel’s mind. Castiel grabbed Dean with his other hand and they were gone in an instant.
They all met up near the door, Castiel holding the finger bone, Sam holding the jar of blood, and Dean smiling at his snow globe.
And there was the proof. Gabriel was just slightly longer than Sam, and much thicker. Gabriel couldn't even get his entire hand around it. With only a slight hesitation, Sam reached out to see if he could fit his own hand around it. Gabriel groaned as Sam had to squeeze slightly to touch his middle finger to his thumb.
Dean closed his eyes and forced himself to relax. Cas' touch was nice, soothing even. Eventually, Cas' fingers slid behind his balls, massaging the area just behind them with firm pressure. It felt good. Good enough that his dick was twitching and filling. A small sigh escaped his lips and his body relaxed even further into Castiel's. Without warning, he felt Cas' lips on his. It made Dean tense up again for a second, then relaxed as the angel continued to simply brush his lips against Dean's, no pushing for anything more than that.
Pulling Gabriel into the room and closing the door behind them, Sam took his angel into his arms again. “So,” he said casually with a dimpled grin on his face, “I heard we knocked it out of the park on the first try, huh?”
Sam stood up with their dad's journal in one hand and the legal pad in the other. "Remember a few years back when Balthazar sent us to that alternate universe where our lives were a television show?" he asked his brother. Dean just snorted in the affirmative and crossed his arms over his chest. "Well, it looks like whatever this is resides in a similar universe, one where the actor who played Cas wasn't killed by an angelic hitman. In that universe,
Dean shrugged his shoulder. “Not bad, all things considered. Mom made me drink about half a gallon of orange juice before she even let me out of bed, and that was only because all that juice made me have to piss,” he grinned. “She’s expecting me to go straight back to bed, but I had to check on MJ and I wanted to come see how you were holding up.”
The two rolled to their sides, catching their breath as Dean removed the condom, tied it off, and tossed it in the general direction of the wastebasket. Dean popped his head up over Cas’ should to see that the condom did indeed make it in, and gave a fist pump saying, “he shoots, he scores!”
That sweet smile gave Sam the courage to step into Gabriel's personal space. He cupped the angel's cheeks and dipped down to press their lips together. At first Gabriel didn't move, and Sam thought he read the situation wrong. He was about to step back when Gabriel put his hands on Sam's hips and leaned into the kiss.
“Yeah, well this nerd saved your butt by being a text away with the information you need to survive a hunt, so stow it,” Bobby snarked.
Sam broke the kiss on a groan, head falling back. "Dean," he whined, knowing he needed more but not knowing what.
MJ found Dean in the garage under the hood of a 1966 Aston Martin DBSC Touring. When she came up behind him, it looked like he was letting the oil drain for a change while he inspected the spark plug wires. He dropped his ratchet and muttered “
Dean and Castiel’s stilted dance steps stuttered to a halt as they each felt a hand on their back. They looked away from each other to see Chuck standing there, smile on his face. He nodded to each of them, Cas smiling back at his Father before pulling Dean closer and leaning his head on his husband’s shoulder. Dean nodded back to Chuck, giving him a grin and a covert thumb’s up behind Cas’ back as he swayed his angel from side to side.
Castiel, Angel of the Lord, broke the kiss with the Herald of the Lord, and said breathlessly, "Fuck me, Gabriel," and the Herald replied, "Hallelujah!" Gabriel pushed Dean and Sam out of the way and stood behind Castiel. Grabbing onto his wings, he forced his dick in with one thrust, Castiel screaming so loud his true voice cracked several mirrors.
“There is a reason, Sam,” Chuck said, as if reading Sam’s mind. “It might not make sense, and it probably hurt like a sonofabitch, but there was still a reason.”
, Dean thought to himself, a bit of a goofy grin on his face. Whether Cas heard his thoughts or felt his gaze, he looked up at Dean, head tilted to one side in a silent question. Dean just smiled bigger, earning him a toothy smile in return. Cas dropped a kiss on Sammy’s head before standing up and heading for the kitchen. As he passed Dean, he let one hand drag over his arm. When Dean looked back at him, Cas glanced at him over his shoulder before leaving the room.
“Yeah, same, Cas.” Dean wanted to hug Cas or something, but it felt awkward with his brother standing right there. The two men just kinda stood there looking at their shoes before Cas shuffled out the door.
“So what did you two get up to tonight?” Sam asked, an edge of joke to his question to fluster Dean.
“No,” MJ said with a slow smile, “I think he’s finally going sane and doesn’t know what to do with it.” She started out the door, picking up her pace as she hit the hallway until she’s finally running into the TV room where everyone’s watching Game of Thrones. She was out of breath when she got there, and her panting got everyone’s attention.
Castiel gave Dean one of his confused puppy faces. "I don't want my ass to be 'safe', Dean. I would like to continue this even after we handle whatever entity has created this situation. If you're not interested, I will simply find someone else."
“What gives?” Sam asked Dean, eyeing him suspiciously. “You love AC/DC, but it’s like you don’t even care right now.”
They tumbled into their room, mouths all over each other’s faces and necks and hands in each other’s hair. They clumsily toed off their shoes and socks as they tugged at each other’s tee shirts. Cas unbuttoned Dean’s jeans and yanked them and his boxer briefs to the floor before practically throwing him onto their bed, shimmying out of his own jeans before climbing onto Dean’s hips in nothing but a pair of fitted black briefs trimmed in white.
“You okay, kid?” Dean asked Bobby. Bobby just nodded. “I really didn’t know, Uncle Dean, I swear.” Bobby wiped a stray tear from his eye. “I knew something big happened for Pops to go from Trickster to Archangel of Justice, but they never told me what. I don’t know if this was it or if us being here made it happen. I just feel so damned crappy.”
“Now, ask yourself-could you get used to doing that if you knew it was me going into it?” Sam was going to respond, but Gabriel put a finger to his lips. “Think on it. In the meantime,” his smirk was back. He plopped onto the couch next to Sam and snatched up the bowl of ice cream. “We are
Castiel and Mary were making the sappiest faces as Sam and Gabriel danced across the rooftop. Knowing he would never hear the end of it if he didn’t do it, he held a hand out to Cas. Cas smiled at him and allowed Dean to lead him out to where their brothers were dancing. While Sam and Gabriel were graceful, Dean and Cas danced in more of a middle school-dance kinda way, hands loosely on shoulders and hips with a foot between them, which suited Cas fine as long as he was in Dean’s arms.
Dean was in awe. He wrapped an arm around Cas, kissing the side of his head. Gabriel smiled down at the family, looking forward to having that with Sam. He snapped his fingers and all of a sudden there was a bassinet filled with clothes, diapers, blankets, and a teddy bear with angel wings. The men looked up at that and laughed.
"All we need is salt, blood of a lamb, and a bone from a lesser saint," Sam told Dean, Castiel, and Gabriel. The four of them split up, searching the storeroom for the lamb's blood and the bone; they have plenty of salt in the cupboards upstairs. Castiel was the first one to find success, locating a finger bone from Saint Fiacre. Gabriel giggled at that, earning him odd looks from Sam and Dean, who continued to look for the lamb's blood.
Dean stomped into the library and practically flung himself into one of the old wingback chairs, and (if asked) he wasn’t pouting. Castiel looked up from where he sat playing chess with Bobby.
Gabriel looked at him pensively before answering. “There’s not much I can tell you Sam. I’ve already gotten the full story from Bobby and MJ, and it all seems not only possible, but probable.”
“Gabe-!” Sam tried to yell, but Gabriel resealed their mouths, his tongue dancing with Sam’s. Sam held on as tight as he could as they fell. His heart pounded as the wind rushed around them. A couple seconds later, they were landing in a heap on top of Dean and Castiel on the couch, where they sat watching Blade Runner.
For the first time in his career, Castiel found himself watching the clock, itching for rehearsal to end. It was difficult keeping focus on the task at hand. Instead, he found himself thinking of Dean. Would they really go over the music he provided this morning, or would they engage in more illicit activities? While he enjoyed their conversation, he was looking forward to tasting more of Dean.
, Cas' head resting on Dean's shoulder. He's pretty sure they haven't even kissed, let alone had sex, and had to admit to himself he was jealous of the easy intimacy between his brother and his angel. It was something he wanted for himself.
MJ laughed loudly at that, garnering glances from other customers. "To my knowledge, neither of them are expecting kids anytime soon. I'm just a forward thinker," she winked at him.
think it was stupid to do that in the bunker, in earshot of everyone.” Mary wrapped her arms around her granddaughter and gave her a kiss on the top of her head. She looked over at Kevin and said, “I think it might be best if you took off for a while. I know Dean is your friend, but he’s likely to kill you for this if you don’t give him a chance to calm down.” Kevin nodded, kissed MJ’s cheek, and disappeared.
Gabriel had led the woman around the dance floor like a professional, the blonde keeping up with him easily. He was glad that Sam had talked him into dancing with her, it had been entirely too long since he’d been able to dance like this. He led her through double-step turns and dips and intricate footwork that had them drawing a crowd. As the song drew to a close, he gave her an underarm turn before pulling her in and finishing with a dip. As he pulled her up, he held her hand up to kiss it, and she slid one of her bangle bracelets from her wrist, over their hands, and onto Gabriel’s wrist. He felt a weird sort of vertigo, and when he looked down, he saw several angel traps etched into the bracelet.
Gabriel snaked one arm around Sam, squeezing him. “I’m moving on to much bigger and much better things,” he said with a smile. Sam gave him a slight bitchface at the size joke. “I have a moose, we’re gonna have mooselets, and we’re gonna have a good life. Besides,” he said a little more seriously, “victims don’t deserve to be some kinda bad punchline. They deserve justice. Time to grow up a little and do right by them.”
Castiel pulled his pants up and tucked himself in, fumbling with the button as he fastened them up and tucked his shirt back in. “It has been a while for me, so my stamina was not up to par, either.”
“Cheers to the happy couple!” Gabe said with a wide smile, holding his glass up. Laughing, everyone else followed suit and drank up. Dean kept twining the fingers of his left hand with those on Cas’ left hand, letting their rings clink. With their respective buzzes going on and their inhibitions lowered, they had no problem with public displays of affection, which Sam and Gabriel had no problem teasing them for.
“Think everything’s gonna be okay for the kids when they get back?” Dean asked Gabriel, taking another sip of his beer.
“As a matter of fact,” Sam said smugly, “we got a lot done here while you and Cas were getting your fanfiction on.”
Cas sat on Dean's bed propped up against the headboard feeding Sammy from a bottle. He'd had very little experience with newborns but found it amazing, the small bundle in his arms dependent on him for his every need. It was a humbling experience. More amazing was that this baby was part him, part Dean. Or would be.
Kitchen cleaned, Dean grabbed himself and Cas another beer and they headed to the TV room. He decided to play it safe tonight with
Sam's movements pushed Cas against Dean in a rhythmic motion, causing Dean's dick to rub against his hole and catch against the rim. He was still loose from his earlier encounter with Sam, but no way was Dean about to go in dry. He tried to get Cas' attention, but the angel was happily humping away. Dean sighed and looked over Cas' shoulder at his brother and said, "hey, Sammy, need some lube here."
Dean dropped, feeling the searing pain of his angel being ripped from this plane of existence, only eclipsed by seeing the archangel crying over his brother's body.
“Bribe him with chocolate,” MJ told Sam, “works every time.” Bobby hit her in the arm at that, hoping his dad didn’t figure it out from that small clue his cousin dropped. Sam squinted his eyes at Bobby, like a puzzle he couldn't quite figure out. They had the same shade, texture, and length of hair, but it’s obvious his son didn’t get his height and he was much stockier than Sam was at that age. They didn’t have the same eyes either; Sam’s were hazel, but Bobby’s were a warm whiskey color, like fresh honey. He might not have figured it out anytime soon if his son hadn’t smirked at him. That familiar smirk he hadn’t seen in years but would never, ever forget.
MJ was sitting in Sammy’s nursery trying to read a book to her baby brother. His fluffy blonde hair had grown out to cute little curls around his ears and the nape of his neck, but his eyes remained the same piercing blue as the day he was born, just like Cas’. He was sitting up on his own now, babbling nonsense and grasping for anything and everything within reach. That included the book MJ was holding.
Gabriel’s face became serious. “I could try to take a peek into the future, but I risk hurting Sam, like you hurt Cassie,” he said. “I want the kiddos to be safe as much as you do, but Sam’s been through a hell of a lot this year, and I don’t know what it would do to him.”
Frustrated, Castiel pulled off and reminded him “I’m not going to break, Dean,” before dropping his jaw and opening his throat. Still gripping Cas’ hair, Dean slid his dick all the way in Cas’ mouth, nudging the back of his throat. When Cas hummed around the intrusion, Dean snapped. Grasping Castiel’s hair he began fucking the man’s face. His soft moans and groans were interspersed with “God, yes, Cas” and “so good angel” and “gonna kill me”. Every time Castiel hummed or hollowed his cheeks, Dean’s pace picked up, until he was pulling Cas’ face into his crotch and shooting come down his throat. Cas licked Dean clean before standing up, licking his lips as he slid up Dean’s body, never breaking eye contact.
It shouldn’t have surprised Sam, given everything Cas had done for Dean, but it did. He wondered if Dean realized that, or if he felt the same way. Yeah, people had made jokes about he and Dean being ‘erotically codependent’, but Dean’s dependency on Cas was at a whole other level. “You knew they were going to completely bond, didn’t you?” he asked.
Sam smiled, a great idea coming to him. “Thanks Cas, I appreciate it.” Cas just nodded and went back to his cat videos. Sam pulled out his own laptop to start researching what he wanted to get for Bobby.
Sam leaned back in his chair and crossed his arms over his chest, grinning widely. "I just think it's hilarious that you're so short for an archangel."
Between the kids, the Winchesters, and their angels, they filled Lady Toni in on everything, starting in the future and working their way backwards to January of this year to the present, excluding Gabriel’s current condition. When they were done, Toni pulled out her cell phone and made a call.
“My son,” Toni smiled. “You’ll learn soon enough that you’re not really the ones in charge,” she said with a wink. She pointed to the locket she handed Castiel. “That should give you something to home in onto Anna with. It was a gift from her.”
Before Gabriel could answer, the whole house started shaking. Gabriel looked out the window then yelled for Dean to get to the others. Dean grabbed his duffel and ran back to the room, Gabriel on his heels.
“You’re doing so good for me, gorgeous,” Gabriel cooed, kissing Sam’s shoulders and running his fingers through his hair again. “Legs are next. Sit back so your knees are bent and your calves and thighs are almost touching.” It wasn’t the most comfortable position for Sam, but he managed. “Your thighs and calves will be tied together, so they’ll stay bent when you’re suspended. The ropes will be wrapped around here,” Gabriel explained, running his hands around Sam’s calves, “and here,” indicating Sam’s thighs. Still good?”
As they approached a Barnes & Noble, he paused. “Would you like to get a coffee?” he asked skeptically.
Dean wanted to talk about what happened last Friday, but at the same time kinda not. He wanted to drape his arm over the man’s shoulder and pull him close, but he didn’t want to break the silent camaraderie they had going on. They watched the movie in companionable silence, Dean admiring both Connery and Honor Blackman. Cas paid rapt attention to the screen, a small smile playing across his lips, and Dean couldn’t help but grin.
“The Thule are attempting to resurrect Hitler again,” she said dryly. “They are under the impression that the Nephilim are the key to his resurrection and are currently hunting them. If my own inquiries can tie them to the Winchesters, then it won’t be long until theirs do, too.”
Turning several shades of red himself, Sam stalked over to Gabriel and snatched the photographs from his hand. He flipped through them, thankful Gabriel had the decency to cover up his private parts before showing the pictures to anyone. “Gabriel! These are not meant for public consumption. They’re just for us, remember?”
“What the hell are you doing back here?” he demanded, grabbing her arm and pulling her away from the coming fight.
“So! Witch hunt!” MJ said, changing the subject. “I was thinking that instead of Uncle Sam going, Dad, Papa and I could take care of it. Show them how we do it in the future.” She stood up, took her coffee mug to the sink, and threw out her cereal bar wrappers.
Three Winchesters against a full coven of Witches at the height of their power was not what Dean considered a milk run. He had hoped it had just been a bunch of New Age Wiccans getting together for the holidays, but it had been a real, honest-to-goodness coven of thirteen witches trying to summon the Green Man himself. Being figured out for who and what they were shortly after rolling into Salem didn’t help matters much, either, but in the end they put a stop to the shenanigans before anything was summoned or any damage was really done. They couldn’t do anything about the abnormal weather patterns, but they did stay an extra day to help board up windows at the motel they had stayed at, all the glass broken by flying debris from the freak wind gusts.
started. Bobby jerked as the horseshoe left his hand on a trajectory for the Impala. Gabriel quickly snapped his fingers and the offending object stopped mid-air less than an inch from the windshield.
Surprisingly, it was Kevin that answered. “Y-yes sir. I promise to take good care of MJ and not let her out of my sight, and at any sign of trouble of any kind, I’ll bring her right back. She hasn’t left the bunker in months. I know how crazy that can drive a person.”
Castiel was wondering if continuing this farce would be worth it. It was obvious that he and Dean approached entertainment differently. He was unsure what they could do together outside of rehearsals to spend time together. He sighed as they walked down the street in sullen silence.
"It's a boy," he said smiling, "Samuel James Winchester." He slapped Sam on the shoulder and said, "go on, go meet your nephew." Sam just smiled and nodded before going in, Claire behind him.
Very gently, he wiggled his fingers into Gabriel’s abdominal cavity until both hands were wrist deep. He slid his hands underneath the amniotic sac and gently lifted it from Gabriel’s body. He shifted it to one hand and reached for the angel blade again as the observation windows shattered. Herr Karl looked over his shoulder then quickly turned back to his work, trying to cut the cord and detach the sac before the intruders could intercept him.
"And don't forget Cl-" Bobby started, but MJ threw a hand over his mouth, shaking her head violently.
on his laptop when everyone returned home. They looked up to see everyone standing in Dean’s doorway. Sam stood when he saw Gabriel somewhat hiding himself behind Castiel. No one else moved as Sam and Gabriel gravitated towards each other.
“Sammy, check this shit out,” he called out as he entered the room. Sam looked up from his book looking like he had ten pound sandbags under his eyes. Dean held up the bear to get their attention, and when he had it, he squeezed it again.
He and Dean hadn’t even progressed any further than those touches. He had assumed with Dean’s “player” reputation that the man would push for another round, but he simply cleaned him up, fed him, and chatted with him. It was very pleasant, but it was completely contrary to what he had previously thought about Dean. Had he missed something before while his head was lost in his work?
In silent agreement, everyone started moving. Everyone except Dean, who continued to just stand there. It had been months since they learned about the Grigori’s involvement in their kids’ futures. They had been the ones to start searching them out, tipping them off that they were the prey in the bid to make their kids’ lives better. They should have finished this sooner, instead of dicking around with falling in love. They put themselves before the safety of others, and people were dying because of that. A child lost his mother because of them.
Dean stopped him with a hand on his shoulder before pulling Cas into his arms. He held onto his angel, taking a few deep breaths before saying, "let's try something different tonight." He removed Cas' trench coat and placed it on the chair in the corner of the room. Piece by piece, he removed Castiel's clothing until the angel stood in nothing but his boxers, then proceeded to remove his own clothing. Cas didn't say a word, patiently letting his hunter take things at his own pace until they faced each other in nothing more than their underwear.
“I believe it was Doctor Evil who said ‘there really is nothing like a shorn scrotum’,” he said playfully, before bending down and running his tongue over the hairless area. Sam sucked in a breath at the sensation, completely different without the hair there. Gabriel chuckled and continued, using a gentle touch to indicate where the rope would go. “Next I’m going to tie a simple Swiss seat. It’ll go around your hips, around one leg and under, around the other leg and under, and tie off in the front. Rope’s not gonna touch the family jewels, and it’s not gonna split your backside. Is that okay with you?”
Sam and Mary entered Dean’s room, leaving Gabriel and the kids standing in the doorway. Mary laid a hand on Cas’ shoulder. “Gabriel is going to take Sam to get the Impala. Why don’t you go get cleaned up while I sit with Dean for a little while, hmm?” She smiled softly at Cas.
Kevin arrived in the middle of the battle between the Winchesters and the remaining four Grigori. Castiel and Gabriel were holding their own against Ramuel and Ertael; Asael was down. Sam and Mary were struggling against Danel, both Winchesters sluggish and losing blood. Kevin, taking a page from Dean’s battle strategy at Moondor, rushed Danel screaming, angel blade held high. Danel, somewhat perplexed at the Scribe rushing towards him, paused long enough to give the Winchesters the advantage. Mary slashed at the Grigori’s neck with her own blade, Sam grabbing him by the shoulder and plunging Gabriel’s angel blade through his heart. Kevin stuttered to a stop in front of the falling body.
“Where’s Gabriel?” Dean asked frantically. Sam was confused that Dean was there and why Cas wasn’t inside with them. He told them Gabe was just inside dancing, that they were having a good time.
Sam blinked a couple times. Gabriel had told him that the bond didn’t mean sexual love, but he didn’t think much about if that meant if there was sex at all or not in their future. And if there was, who it would be with. “Do your dads have a sexual relationship?” he asked her.
Dean couldn’t hold it in any longer. He burst out laughing, earning a punch in the shoulder from his brother. “Welcome to the other side, Sammy,” he said breathlessly, trying to control his laughter.
Dean wandered into the living room, beer in hand, seeing the two angels sitting on the couch flipping through photos.
"He'd still let you shower though," Gabriel quipped. "Did he put those old lady adhesives in the tubs after you slipped and fell?"
Dean laughed at the whole conversation, his heart warmed by the sight Cas and MJ made standing there like that, looking so much like father and daughter and smiling together.
"Yeah," Dean said on a ragged breath. "C'mere," he mumbled, pulling Cas down on top of him and wrapping his arms around him before rolling them to their side. "Tell ya what, we can talk about it when I have a few more brain cells to work with, okay?"
He looked at her hand for a moment before cautiously taking it in his. "That doesn't tell me much, sweetheart," he said, raising his other hand. "Perhaps you'd care to join me at my place and tell me more about yourself?" He snapped his fingers to blink them both out, but nothing happened. He snapped again with the same result and MJ giggled again.
“No, you’re not,” MJ said, taking his hand in hers and squeezing it. “We’ve intentionally kept our distance from you guys so that you could get to know us as we grow, and so you guys don’t raise us with preconceived notions of who we are and what we should be. Trust me, you’ll get to know him pretty well as he grows. You’ll get to see all the cute baby stuff he does, be there for his first words, his first steps, his first book. And by the time he’s older, you two are gonna know everything important about each other. Don’t stress it too much.”
Since they completed their bonding less than a month ago, so much had happened-Sam’s grace addiction, the pregnancy, Lady Toni’s arrival, the immediate threats to the children, and then… well, he still wasn’t ready to think about that. He had forgotten that Sam grounded him, kept him sane and happy. He needed Sam’s calming influence as much as Sam needed him to be silly and playful. They got out of balance and made bad decisions that cost them so much. That ended now.
Gabriel, who unfortunately was the soberest of the bunch, thought that was an excellent idea, urging his hunter to pray to the Scribe.
As soon as the door closed behind Dean, Cas pinned him to it with the full length of his body. He ran his fingers through Dean's hair and pressed their lips together. The move startled Dean, but he could definitely roll with it. He slid his hands down Cas' sides then cupped his ass, pulling him even closer. Cas moaned and Dean slid his tongue into his mouth, missing the taste of his angel.
Dean was starting to get the feeling that he hit a sore spot with Cas. He ran a hand through Cas’ hair, trying to soothe his ruffled feathers. “Hey, that’s totally cool. I get that you’re totally dedicated to your work, and that’s awesome. I’m just glad you took the time to let me in,” he said with a smile. Then with a wink, he added, “And not just because you’re a pretty face. You’re so much more than that, Cas.”
He found Sam sitting at the piano still, despite his student leaving hours ago. He was furiously scribbling at staved sheets, putting notes to paper.
Dean was out of the chair faster than you could say ‘pie’, following his angel. He got to the kitchen to find Cas preparing a bottle of formula for the baby. Dean pressed his body to Cas’ back, wrapping his arms around his waist and pressing soft kisses to the back of his neck. “You look so fucking adorable when you’re playing with the baby,” he whispered into his ear, nipping at the soft lobe.
“Not really,” he said. “I’ve gone back through all the info I collected before we left, and I still have no idea what to do with it all. I don’t know which would be better, to try to stop it before it all starts or to find a way to stop it at the point we left so we don’t screw with our timeline any more than necessary.” Bobby shrugged, shutting off his tablet and setting it on the table before looking his cousin in the eyes. “I mean, I miss the way things were before we were hunted. I miss the bunker; I miss the way we all worked together. I miss having Friday night movie night and Sunday dinners. I miss our friends, as unconventional as they are. Were. Will be. Whatever.”
A scream from MJ’s room broke their kiss. They gave each other a quick, fearful look before running down the hall. Dean tried to open the door, but it was locked. Cas flung his hand out and the door slammed open. Neither man was prepared for what they found.
Dean heard the call disconnect and threw his phone onto the dashboard. Cas looked at him with worry in his eyes. He didn’t need to ask Dean about the conversation, he had been able to hear it all.
“What the hell just happened?” he asked incredulously. Castiel just laughed and replied, “My sentiments exactly.”
any different than us?” he spat the word as if it were filth in his mouth. “You cannot tell me that you are not teaching them the Old Ways, and you certainly cannot tell me you would not do anything in your power to protect them. That is why you are here, correct?” Samyaza lifted an eyebrow at Gabriel in challenge, daring him to contradict him.
When Sam walked back in, Dean lifted his head and reached out for the bottle. Sam shook his head and took his place again at Castiel's back. He slicked up his fingers and reached underneath the angel. He deftly worked the angel open while massaging the main joint at the top of his left wing with his other hand. At the firm pressure to the joint Castiel's back bowed, grinding further down onto Dean's lap.
Castiel almost missed the question when he felt the skin on skin contact from Dean. Realizing the man was waiting for an answer, he shook off Dean’s hand and shook his head. “I know
“Pffffft,” Gabe said with a flip of his hand. “He’s only missing bits and pieces of the weeks you and Cassie fought. Really, I envy him.”
Gabriel let out a low whistle. "Haven't heard that name in a while. He made Kevin's list, but he couldn't find if he was still alive or not. Now we have a definitive answer on that. Finding him will be tricky though, probably the toughest challenge we'll face."
About that time, Dean pulled the Impala up to their picnic site. He got out of the car and smelling the coals of the grill, then he turned to Cas and said, “
"Sounds reasonable," Castiel agreed. "Why don't you and I go to Chuck's old home and look for any unfinished manuscripts or anything that can give us insight into what's been happening. I'm sure Dean and Gabriel can stay here and manage not to kill each other."
Castiel wasn’t surprised when Dean pulled the move he was planning, and he fell into the man’s arms easily. Dean released Castiel’s hand to wrap his arm around his waist, holding him tightly as his other hand snaked into Castiel’s hair. Castiel grabbed two handfuls of Dean’s ass and ground their hips together, making both men groan into each other’s mouths. With more teeth and tongue than lips, they ravaged each other.
"Not even a pretty please?" Gabriel said, mock pouting. Dean's head lolled again, but he grunted out a weak, "fuck you." "As you wish," Gabriel replied, pulsing his grace against Dean's prostate now, milking it until a steady stream of precome came from Dean's dick and a steady stream of moans came from his mouth. Once again, Gabriel stopped it all suddenly with a snap of his fingers.
MJ shrugged. "Lucifer is a big bag of dicks. At least if you're in charge there's a semblance of order. You've always been a better businessman that a soldier. All I ask in return is that you take the Winchesters off your radar. Completely and forever."
“LALALALALALALA,” Bobby said, fingers in his ears. “Are you guys done now? We actually do have some important information.”
The couple hours of storytime flew by, because Claire walked in the door astonished to see the full house. There were hugs and introductions all around, and lots of snarky comments from Claire. MJ and Bobby barely remembered her without the scar that traced her face and neck, and they'd never seen her smile so much. They knew what was going to happen though, and it made their hearts hurt.
Dean spluttered at that, but Castiel just laid a hand on his arm and said, “it’s alright Dean.” Dean looked at him with shock, then went back to drinking his beer sullenly.
Dean, Sam, Castiel, and Gabriel had finally gathered the correct ingredients for the spell to dimension-hop. Gabriel did the sigil and activated it, insisting that he had the mojo to get them exactly where they needed to be. Slapping his open palm on the sigil he'd painted on the door, it glowed. He opened the door, all four stepping through to wherever the hell they would end up, unsure of what they would find but pretty sure it wasn't going to be good.
“I believe it will be,” Castiel replied, slight smile on his lips. Dean gave him a kiss on the cheek and said, “damned right it will be,” and sauntered off in search of another beer.
and in the back of his mind Dean wondered why he'd never considered this before. He rolled his hips in a steady rhythm, pumping into Cas gently as the angel's head rolled from side to side. Cas would roll his hips in return, meeting Dean thrust for thrust.
Dean sighed. “Hop in Cas, welcome to our future.” As Cas got in, MJ did a little happy wiggle in her seat. She pulled her sunglasses off her t-shirt, put them on, looked at her dad and said “It’s 106 miles to Chicago, we have a full tank of gas, half a pack of cigarettes, it’s dark, and we’re wearing sunglasses…hit it!” Dean just laughed at that, “you got it, Elwood.”
“Lucifer,” Sam said calmly, “good to see you haven’t lost any of that personality between meat suits.”
"I said I am fine, Dean, get some sleep." Cas lifted his hand, two fingers outstretched like he was going to tap Dean's forehead and mojo him to sleep, but Dean grabbed his hand before he could try it.
“I’d like you to meet Dean Winchester,” he said, and Dean leaned around him to offer his hand to Castiel’s mother.
“It’s a good idea Sammy,” Gabriel said. “I want you to see how gorgeous you look, and I’d have spank bank material for when you and your brother are out on hunts.” That made Sam laugh again. “What do you say, gorgeous? Gonna let me play photographer while I play with you?”
What did Castiel think? He smiled to himself at the memory of their impromptu performance Friday night. Couple that with the anticipation of spending more time with Dean in order to prepare for the show, and he was almost vibrating in his skin. If he were ever to break from the norm and embark on an adventure, this would be it.
Dean white-knuckled the steering wheel and stomped on the accelerator. They drove the next couple hours like that-MJ singing along to 80’s and 90’s hip hop and rap, Cas bobbing his head along with the beat, and Dean just shaking his head in resignation, pedal to the metal so he could get this over with as quickly as possible.
“The hell?” Dean yelled, trying to push the two off of his lap, Gabriel laughing maniacally the entire time.
The strange tableau continued as hands scrabbled for purchase and orgasms were chased. Dean and Gabriel's hands twined on Castiel's hips while Sam reached over Gabriel's arms to pull at Cas' wings. When the first feather came out, Cas locked up and howled, shooting come down Dean's throats and his ass clamping down on Gabriel's cock. That started the chain reaction, the pressure pulling Gabriel's orgasm from him and his ass setting off Sam's. Dean fairly gagged with the
“How’s that going to work, anyways? I mean, Bobby’s still the same age, is he going to have a big brother or sister waiting for him when he gets back to his own time?”
Dean finally had to break the kiss to get a lungful of air. He stared into Cas' eyes as he fisted handfuls of hair. He wanted to say something, but he wasn't sure if he wanted to stop or keep going, or how much was the compulsion and how much was his own libido. Cas said it all though when he reached two fingers up and touched Dean's forehead, divesting him of all his clothing in the blink of an eye. Cas' own clothes were gone a fraction of a second later, leaving them skin to skin.
Bobby lunged for Gabriel and wrapped him in his arms, hugging him as hard as he could. Gabriel hugged him back, but Bobby could feel no strength in it. “Love you, Pops,” he whispered in Gabriel’s ear. He felt Gabriel smile against his neck, but doubted that smile reached his eyes. “Love you too, kiddo,” Gabriel told his son.
Sam laughed as Castiel caught Dean before he hit the floor. “Let him sleep it off Cas,” he said with amusement, “we can deal with the typical Dean Winchester freak-out when he wakes up.” Cas just nodded, picked Dean up as if he were a rag doll, and flew them to their room to let him do just that.
Gabriel went to work on Sam’s arms using a length of red rope this time. He used a technique called a dragonfly sleeve; loops around his wrists, forearms, and just above his elbows, with knots at each junction. The position caused a dull ache in Sam’s shoulders, but Gabriel’s grace had eased it to nothing in no time. Once again, after he was done, Gabriel checked the ropes to make sure it wasn’t tugging on hair or pinching any skin. Sam gave a tug with his arms, finding the rope constricting. It felt strange because his arms had never been tied in this way before, and it completely restricted his arm movements. If Gabriel hadn’t been touching and kissing him the entire time, reassuring him, he might have panicked.
“Wow,” Sam said, stunned. “You are really talented.” Bobby blushed and ducked his head. “Seriously, I mean
Sam looked up at her, blushing slightly. He’d asked Bobby how old he was, but never thought to ask him when his birthday actually was. Once again, he was feeling like a shit father. “Yeah, we should definitely do that,” he told her. Sighing, he said, “with everything that’s been going on, I still feel like I don’t know him that well. I haven’t even really spent that much time with him. I really am a shit dad.”
“Hey, look who’s back!” Gabriel exclaimed, he and Mary walking into the room, each carrying a baby. Gabriel crossed the room and accepted a hug from his oldest child. “Thanks for the heads up on the trips,” he said with a hip-check.
Dean could feel the tension seeping out of Cas, so he must have said something right. “C’mon,” he said, tugging him towards the kitchen, “we’ve had enough excitement for today. Let’s grab something to eat, huh?”
MJ just laughed. “No, Papa came up with the name. You wanted to name me Harley Quinn, you freakin’ Batman nut.”
"Prostate," was all Cas could say, he was breathing so hard. Dean smiled and hit that spot again, making Cas damned near scream. He kept up the assault until Cas was jello and practically sobbing.
“I am aware who James Bond is, Dean,” Castiel replied dryly. “However, one could argue if it were truly a James Bond theme, as everyone knows that Sean Connery is the only true James Bond, but in
“I know you’re a badass too, Mom,” Dean said as he got up to put his dishes in the sink, “but don’t you think you’re getting a little old for hunting?” Everyone looked at Dean in shock at the words that just came out of his mouth. Sam grabbed an oven mitt off the counter and threw it at his brother’s head.
"Dude, spoilers!" Dean yelled at him. Gabriel wrapped his arms around Sam's waist as everyone got comfortable and started the movie back up.
“Oh yeah, Uncle Dean, and it drives Dad nuts!” Bobby grinned gleefully. “You and I are the reigning Prank War kings. Dad plays the long game, but doesn’t have our imagination or flair for style.”
When the last dish was washed, rinsed, and put in the drying rack, Castiel spun Dean around, pulling him close. “Are you done with your chores, Dean?” Cas asked, his voice husky with desire. Dean shivered and nodded. His eyes never leaving his lover’s, Castiel kissed his way down Dean’s body, his fingers deftly undoing the button and zipper of his jeans.
When the conductor arrived at the podium, Castiel set the challenge piece under his chair and prepared for rehearsal. He pulled his rosin block from his bag and prepped his bow. A sideways glance told him Dean was doing the same, however he was doing it in such a manner that he looked like he was stroking the bow erotically. Cas flushed slightly and went back to his own pre-practice routine. It was going to be a long day.
“You didn’t even look at the music,” Cas said, slightly astonished. “What- How- You already know this piece?”
Cas looked up at Dean and very drily said, “on the bright side, they weren’t hit by a drunk driver.”
Castiel was startled by the smooth voice pulling him from the music, but even more startled to find that it belonged to Dean Winchester. He quickly recovered though, not giving the man the satisfaction of knowing he caught him off guard. Dean must have thought he was someone else, because his face dropped minutely before recovering, playing it off as though he knew who he was all along.
Dean dropped into a chair with a sigh, picking up his beer again. “How the hell am I supposed to figure this shit out without Sammy?” he grumbled. “He’s the one who’s good with
Gabriel waggled his eyebrows at her, then wrapped an arm around her waist and pulled her close. "I'm your favorite anyways, right?"
“Nothing for you to worry that pretty little head of yours over, Samshine,” Gabriel said a little too innocently. “Just doing some remodeling in our room, but because of how the old Men of Letters constructed the bunker, I can’t just snap up changes. You coming Deano?”
Standing next to their bed, Gabriel ran his hands up Sam’s chest, resting them on the back of his neck before pulling him down for a long, slow kiss, Sam’s fingers playing in the hair at the nape of his neck. Sam tried pushing them back towards the bed, but Gabriel stopped him, breaking their kiss.
“Because my mother is here, all of her friends are here, her life is here. She wants her perfect son to be here for her to show off.” Cas moved across the kitchen to lean against the fridge next to Dean. “Where your mother showed you unconditional love, I have to continually earn it from my own. Doubly so since I came out as gay. It’s a shortcoming she despises. So I have refrained from dating since I moved back and strove to be the best so she would have a son to be proud of.
“Now that everyone’s acquainted,” Mary interrupted, “why don’t we sit down and hear what the kids have to say about why they’re here.”
“What’s going on Cas?” Dean asked him, sidling back up to his angel’s side. “Something happen you wanna tell me about?”
So now he'd have time alone in a motel with Cas-no kids, no family, nothing and no one to interrupt them. His brain was caught in a loop between loving what they had and wondering what more they
Dean looked at Sam expectantly, resolutely ignoring the look of shock on his brother’s face. So what if he let Cas use his mom’s cello? It’s not like he’d never let anyone else play it before. Or touch it. Or even look at it funny. Okay, so maybe this is a first for him. But this was Cas. So maybe the dude didn’t know he was playing his mom’s cello, but he’s played next to the guy for two years and he’s treated his own instrument with nothing but care and respect. It wasn’t like he was gonna trash his mom’s cello for no reason or anything. Besides, how could he
"May I?" Dean asked this time. When MJ nodded, he reached over and picked up the jeans, extracting the photo. He wasn't prepared for what he saw.
“Yeah, Sleeping Beauty is finally awake,” Dean said with a grin. “Docs are running tests right now, Gabe says we have a couple hours.”
Sam stormed into his room and slammed his door. He pulled out everything he needed to summon an archangel, one particular archangel, and set to work. Before starting, he set his desk chair in the middle of the sigil he drew on the floor and circled it with a ring of holy fire. His Enochian was rusty, but he hoped it would do the trick.
They were standing in front of the Impala. His poor baby was dented and scratched to hell and rust was creeping up the wheel wells. They all looked just as rough. Bobby sat on the hood, elbows resting on his knees. Sam and Gabriel stood next to their son but holding onto each other tight. MJ stood next to Kevin, wrapped in his arms. Dean stood behind Cas, arms wrapped around him, both of their hands resting on his rounded belly.
Sam, Gabriel, and Castiel were waiting in the war room, weapons already strapped on but items strewn over the map table as they do a last-minute check of what they might and might not need.
Gabriel let go of MJ and faced Sam, Dean, and Castiel, purpose lighting his eyes. “We’re one step closer to finishing this. Let’s do it right.”
“That’s because you’re still you in the future, all self-sacrificing and fueled by righteousness and guilt,” Gabriel pointed out. “The kids know this, and are trying to protect you. If you knew everything they did, you’d try to play it that way, without feeling or thought, and believe it or not your feelings dictate a lot of what you do or don’t do. Right?” he asked pointedly.
was a television show. Sam and Dean Winchester weren't real, they were played by actors who looked exactly like us."
"Well, that may be a lead on who wants the kids on the angelic side," Dean snarled. His anger was overwhelmed by a feeling of sadness though, but it wasn't his own. He looked at Cas, who had gripped his hand and had his head bowed. "Cas, you ok?" he asked his angel, concerned.
Bobby looked at MJ, and they flanked Lucifer. MJ mouthed “I’m sorry” to her dads as Bobby said “Plan C.” They each took one of Lucifer’s arms and disappeared.
Dean walked into the library slowly and took a seat in the chair next to Castiel. He turned his chair so he was facing Cas and waited for his angel to do the same. He took a deep breath-it was now or never.
So they all sat down, filling everyone in on everything they talked about in Rome. Gabriel snapped up snacks for all of them as they talked, enjoying how happy Sam looked as he laughed and chatted with his family and Kevin. The archangel would do anything to keep that smile on his hunter's face.
"Because Dean can't stop making goo-goo eyes at that bloody angel of his. I don't see them ever having children."
