“I’ve brought your spring rolls,” he smiled. Sherlock closed his file and stood to take the bag from John’s hands. John gaped at him as he disappeared into the kitchen.
Sherlock and John head back to Baker Street after the cabbie incident.
“When I wasn’t in a rush and really want to relish my high, I used this. It wasn’t about the high, but the act rather. I haven’t used it in awhile.”
Sherlock enjoyed this part best: the sweet nothings from John. Being called “perfect” and “brilliant” made his chest warm. It made him feel pliant under John’s fingers. John caressed the delicate skin under Sherlock’s ear, feeling the other man melt deeper into his shoulder, and called Sherlock beautiful. John smiled against the side of Sherlock’s face. He was absolutely beautiful.
“What is “this” exactly?”
“Very well,” Sherlock sighed, defeated. “But I don’t want to try anything new.”
“He’s got his reasons, and it’s none of our business, so before you go about deducing him,” John smiled when Sherlock’s drifting gaze refocused on him. “Just drop it.”
TW: Suicide, suicidal thoughts
John’s hands were impatient as they undid Sherlock’s belt and trousers. Wanting nothing more than to feel Sherlock’s hot flesh, John wrapped his fingers around Sherlock’s firm length and tugged. Sherlock threw his head back at the pleasure. His own hands rushed to get out of his shirt. God, why did he have so many buttons? Sherlock’s shirt fell open, nipples stiffening at the cold air of the lab despite the red flush across his heated chest. John bent forward to press his mouth hotly to Sherlock’s ribcage, kissing and licking his way up to lap at the hardened buds of Sherlock’s nipples. Sherlock leaned into John’s tongue. His heart was hammering against his chest like it did during chases or when he did just a tad too much cocaine. It was bloody fantastic. The feel of John’s hands running over his skin, pushing, pulling as Sherlock was tugged away from the benchtop and flipped onto his stomach. Alarms went off in his head. There had been too much time spent in this position in front of the wrong person. The sharp bite of panic shortened his breath to quick gasps. John’s strong hand splayed across the pale expanse of Sherlock’s back underneath the sagging material of his dress shirt. The cold fear in his chest dissipated as soon as John’s warm hand pressed against his skin. John was nothing like the previous man. He trusted him like no other.
John woke with a start, heart pounding out his chest and sweat rolling down the back of his neck into his pillow. He gripped his shoulder as the crack of the rifle echoed in his ears. He remained still, breathing deeply as to calm himself. The last thing he needed was to have a panic attack right before he went to his first day of work. Just a few more breaths and he stood to take a quick shower. The water soothed him as it trailed over his short hair and muscled back. He dressed in a white button down, jeans and gun in the waist, and his brown shoes, which he despised because they were uncomfortable after a few hours but he wore them nonetheless. He grabbed his cane and jacket and left down the street.
Plenty of thoughts crossed John’s mind, but only one stood out in that instant. He put down his cup on the table riddled with lab equipment and approached the consulting detective. Sherlock cupped his drink with two hands. Despite their significant height difference, Sherlock gazed straight into John’s blue eyes. John held himself up well.
Sherlock’s Adam’s apple bobbed with several swallows. For a second, he looked like he was going to speak, but threw up nothing by bile on the sidewalk. Mrs. Hudson yelped. John removed Sherlock’s blue scarf and ran his hand through his sweat soaked curls. Sherlock gingerly wiped his mouth with his thumb and pressed himself into John’s side.
“And what is that supposed to mean?”
“Yes, I...” He trailed off as Sherlock looked at him intently.
“Are you ready, Sherlock,” John whispered hotly in his ear. Sherlock nodded hastily. John turned Sherlock’s face toward him and kissed him messily. The way Sherlock looked, reddened lips and desperate eyes meeting his over his shoulder, had him feeling like he was back in Afghanistan: blood rushing through his ears and an itch he couldn’t scratch until he was back in the barracks. The adrenaline of war would course through his veins well into camp, and the only thing he could think of to curb it was to spend the evening between someone’s legs. Each person would look at him the way Sherlock looked at him at that moment.
“I know I have hurt you,” John began. “In more ways than one.” Sherlock remained still. Maybe he really was asleep. Whether or not he heard him, it would make good practice to get everything out for when he did wake up.
Sherlock recognized the situation he was in. He had been in it before many years ago. Victor had threatened to out his drug use to his family, and the only way out of that was to keep his mouth shut and do as Victor pleased. Sherlock’s heart skipped a beat. He never wanted to go this route again, especially not with him. Sherlock tried to smother the panic that tightened his chest, but the more he tried, the wider Victor’s smile grew. Victor reached into shirt pocket and held a small parchment package between his fingertips.
Sherlock looked toward him again, his voice cracking, “I’m a fake.”
Sherlock closed his eyes and relived the warm feel of the cocaine entering his blood vessels. He had lied to John when he had said that he had given up everything. He still had the most recent vial of his seven percent. Would John stay if he knew that he still had some? It wasn’t the sort of experiment he was willing to test, but it would be inevitable once John’s schedule at the surgery resumed. His plans for it had changed; rather than forgetting the other man in the tub, he wanted to forget the pain he had caused. John may think that all is well, that his apology is the solution to the several stitches required for his head, his bloodshot eye, and his fractured ribs, but Sherlock was not consoled. His brain would not allow him to forget the raw anger in John’s face as he swung at him with deadly precision.
“It’ll help narrow down my search.”
John slid closer to the edge of his chair and clasped his hands together under his chin. He placed his feet on either side of Sherlock’s. He looked up at the other man to see that he had not moved, and his chest rose and fell smoothly. “I had imagined that I would tell you this when we were on better terms, that maybe I would wake up to you watching me one day. Your hair would be wild from the pillows, and all I would want to do was stay in bed with you and tell you all the things I have wanted to. I realize that time has passed, but you still deserve to know.”
On the drive back to Baker Street, John’s brow broke out in an anxious sweat. He couldn’t wait to feel more than just Sherlock’s hand on his skin. Sherlock was doing his best to keep his face aloof, but the excitement made him want to jump out his skin. Even his coat felt like too much. He loosened his scarf a bit to make room for the knot in his throat. Just because he didn’t have Sherlock’s massive intellect, John knew what arousal looked like, and Sherlock was falling prey to it.
Sherlock looked down at his own feet and crossed his arms behind his back. John hooked his finger around Sherlock’s belt loop.
“Right,” Lestrade dragged out. He could seriously use a smoke right now. “I hope they collected all his teeth. Do you know anything about that?” John turned his bloody hand over in his lap. His knuckles were torn on his left.
“Sherlock,” John whispered. “I don’t know how I can possibly make up for my mistakes. I won’t remind you of what it was I did, especially if it was deleted, but I know exactly what poisoned that amazing brain of yours. I can’t forgive my actions, just like I don’t expect you to, but I am going to do my best. That also means that I can’t allow you to destroy yourself like this. I can understand why you did it this last time, but I refuse to let you kill yourself. I have no problem forgiving you for lying, but please, Sherlock, don’t do this again. I can’t let you die from something so beneath you.” John leaned forward and kissed Sherlock’s cheek.
Sherlock reached back in search of John’s solid hand on his hip. He was feeling lightheaded from the pleasure and needed the reassurance that he was still here on earth with the man he loved. John’s fingers interlaced with his. Even though Sherlock struggled to keep his balance on one arm while John thrust his fingers into Sherlock’s arse, Sherlock memorized the ridges of John’s calloused trigger finger against his skin and inside him and the way John chuckled to himself when Sherlock told him that he had a bottle of lube in the pocket of his coat.
. DI Lestrade knelt beside John to place handcuffs on the suspect and dragged her to her feet.
“All right.” Sherlock’s breaths came out quickly, his outstretched hand trembling toward his friend.
“Don’t be ridiculous, John. I’m fine.”
Victor had no time to react. John slammed his wrist against the wall and disabled his arm with a grueling twist of the shoulder. John turned and swept out his feet from under him. Victor fell to the ground with a heavy
John could only see an image of a strung-out and withering Sherlock curled in on himself by the wall, shivering in a dirty sweatshirt. His hair would have been long and stringy after going unwashed for so long. He would smell of vomit and sweat. John glanced down to see scattered used needles and broken glass bottles.
John was average. Sherlock couldn’t help that he surpassed the norm by leaps and bounds. Rather than punishing him for his intellect and deductive abilities, John should praise him more than he actually does. All the times he’s called Sherlock brilliant and amazing is squashed by the thought that he still thinks he is a
“Are you all right?”
John considered the note. Maybe a previous doctor had already figured it out but didn’t want to tell her to head to therapy. Of course, John would be the one to.
When John stepped outside, he wasn’t expecting to see Sherlock standing by the curb. And he was definitely not expecting to see a NSY squad car and officers pointing at the younger man.
“We really shouldn’t be having this discussion in the state you’re in, John.”
“But I am,” Victor purred, reaching for Sherlock’s hand across the table. The clammy coolness of his palm made him flinch before it enveloped the top of his hand.
Sherlock flinched away. John kept his hands near Sherlock’s face and placed them slowly on his reddened cheeks.
He hated her.
“Why have I got this blanket? They keep putting this blanket on me.
Their height difference was solved with Sherlock seated, but even though Sherlock had swallowed John down plenty of times in the past, the aggression by which John shoved into his mouth was new. John held tightly onto Sherlock’s throat as he fucked into his mouth. Sherlock tried his best to keep eye contact with him. That was one of Sherlock’s major requirements in their relationship: that he got to see the changes in John’s facial expressions when they were together. Sherlock wanted to file away every crease and muscle twitch in his Mind Palace for future use, whether it be to determine John’s mood, or to just wank off to when John was away too long at surgery.
John had hardly noticed his quickening breaths and counted to ten forward and backwards until his breaths had returned to normal. He couldn’t stomach sitting there anymore, so he gathered his cane and jacket and left for a walk.
“And get all wrinkly?”
“She might not make it, John. It is best to prepare for that possibility.”
But he didn’t.
“My infidelity.”
He couldn’t go with him. Sherlock would figure out that John hesitated once he was treated, so John walked away from him.
John pushed the sleeves of his dark-green plaid shirt higher up his forearms and went to Lestrade’s side.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Repeat what you said, or so help me, Sherlock,” John’s fists curled at his sides.
Sherlock jerked forward. “Don’t you bring my work into this, and you know exactly what I think of the press.”
“Allow me,” he purred, taking the jacket from the older man and holding it out for his arms. He eased it on and rested his hands on John’s shoulders, thumbs rubbing circles into the back of his neck. John melted a little but remembered that they were still standing in a restaurant and cleared his throat before walking out the door, Sherlock close behind him.
“I am,” Sherlock growled. He wrapped his large pale hands around the sides of John’s face and mashed their lips together. Their kiss was a mess of saliva and teeth. He couldn’t catch his breath against John’s mouth, but it was so intoxicating, he didn’t give a damn. Sherlock shimmied his coat from his shoulders where it hung heavily at his elbows.
Sherlock said to himself. John removed his tie and wrapped it around his fist.
“Arrogant bastard, you knew we’d be doing this.” Sherlock teasingly swayed his reddened arse in front of John.
“No. I don’t think he had them when he approached me.” Lestrade pulled into the parking lot of Tesco and cut the engine.
“Okay, look up. I’m on the rooftop.”
(See the end of the chapter for
He needed to know how bad this had gotten.
He was his first love after all.
Thirty minutes later, John was once again eating alone, pushing around his food in the Styrofoam plate. He didn’t notice that he was staring off in the direction of the flat across the street until Sherlock came in a flurry once again. He whipped off his coat and scarf and settled in the middle of the room. He stared at the wall behind the couch for several moments before throwing his hands up and turning toward the window. John jerked his body away, ready to jump and hide in case Sherlock caught him staring once more, but the other man just bent down and picked up a violin. He watched as the other closed his eyes and began to play. John wasn’t sure what he was watching exactly- a performance or a man so invested in what was between his fingers, he seemed entranced. John focused on the man’s swaying head, oblivious to the world around him. The outside world seemed to blur. He was standing in the flat across the street, watching this strange human go from a whirring hurricane to slow oceanic waves all with the touch of a violin. John found himself biting his lower lip and growing hard in his jeans as he watched those fingers, long and artistic, float across the neck of the violin. His toes curled in his socks. He couldn’t tolerate it anymore. He hurried into his room, threw off his clothing and tugged himself hard on the bed. He fucked his own fist, imagining that it was Sherlock’s deft fingers around his cock rather than his trigger ones. He came with a silent yelp, arching his back off the bed.
“How do you know?”
Sherlock’s mouth twisted in a bitter scowl. “I say, Lestrade, your ex-wife must be really irksome that you believe you can speak to me that way.”
John stood and walked over to Sherlock. The detective just looked back down at the carpeted floor. John tangled his fingers in Sherlock’s hair and crouched next to him. He nuzzled his hands with his nose and removed his hands to caress his shoulders. Sherlock uncovered his face and met John’s face.
“Don’t you think that might be a little high for someone so out of practice.”
John corrected mentally. He may not know how John hesitated to call emergency when he passed out, but the wounds on his hand were obviously from fighting. There was only so much John could keep from Sherlock.
“I know where they’re sending him. I’ll go there.”
“John,” Sherlock eased off the armchair and pulled his knees to his chest. He would give all his attention to this man, lock himself in his flat to make sure that no one would disturb them just so that John would feel safe with him.
This chapter is a little heavy on the violence!
John took a seat in one of the stiff chairs in the corner. Mrs. Hudson rested her hand on Sherlock’s pale wrist. He tried his best to keep his eyes on Sherlock’s long dark lashes, but Mrs. Hudson’s cold gaze made it so much harder. John laid his head against Sherlock’s forearm and closed his eyes against the beeping of the monitor.
That was a special man over there. John still couldn’t explain; he could just feel their connection to one another.
“You said that aloud,” John sniggered.
“Welcome to St. Bartholomew’s Hospital, Doctor Watson. You’re expected in the morgue downstairs. Just follow the signs.”
“Any good?”
John couldn’t see anything but red, and he was pretty sure that for those few moments, he had blacked out from rage, because soon, he found himself with his fist raised and tears clinging to Sherlock’s eyelashes. Blood gushed from his nose and mingled with the sweat droplets that had fallen from John’s brow. With a shaky breath, John rose to his feet and stood at the far end of the room.
John Watson was a contradiction that Sherlock could never quite figure out completely. Most people had motivations for all of their actions, but John usually just did as he pleased. He was a dutiful soldier when he needed to be, but if that was all people saw in him, they were missing the best parts of him. The public saw Sherlock’s sidekick, the tired-looking blogger in a jumper, but John was a living weapon, and it was bloody wonderful. Sherlock had originally thought that his hectic life was the battlefield John craved, but it was always there in him. War waged behind John’s eyes and in the way his hand trembled doing mundane tasks. Give the man a pistol, however, and he’s been returned part of his body. John was just as addicted to things that killed him as Sherlock was, but unlike Sherlock, John was perfect despite it.
“Sorry, mate,” Lestrade exhaled when John looked his way before running after Sherlock.
“I don’t know how to put it into words right now.”
Taken aback, “Sorry?” John said.
The hooded man stepped away from the wall and neared John. John didn’t lean away when he stepped into his face.
“What was your task?” John’s question startled him. He had expected John to just sit quietly and take everything Sherlock said with a grain of salt, but again, he took him by surprise.
John slid his cock into the cleft of Sherlock’s arse. Sherlock groaned at the feeling of his own saliva drying between his arse cheeks as John pumped his cock between them, breaths huffing over his overheated skin.
“You don’t know how it hurt me,” he choked out. “You were everything to me, Sherlock.” At the sound of his name, a chord was struck inside of the detective. Sherlock took John’s hand from his chest and moved it back against John’s.
He was going to be the best version of himself for Sherlock, to not only make up for his past transgressions, but for the ones made by the Watson of Sherlock’s mind palace. He wouldn’t give Sherlock another memory that would ruin the safety of his mind again. When the world was too much, too much information, too many people, Sherlock escaped to the organized halls of his head, and for John to disrupt that peace, it was vile of him. It was something Moriarty would do. John was not going to give him more ammo to use against Sherlock, especially in his own damn head.
“And yet,” Lestrade smiled.
-Violence
The bedsit was bland, off-white and grey in the dim light coming in through the window. John Watson, retired army doctor of the Fifth Northumberland Fusiliers, placed his pathetic amount of belongings onto the cot. He began to place them neatly in their designated places. At the bottom of his suitcase, his Sig Sauer was wrapped in cloth. The heavy weight was comforting in his hand. The calluses on his fingers lined up with the trigger, and his thumb grazed the hammer. There were so many memories in this pistol. He had drawn it close to his chest before checking corners, peered down its sights at enemies, pressed the muzzle under his chin. There was not much honor in being invalided home. The injury to his shoulder might not have been so bad if the infection had not taken. He had a fuzzy memory of the same nurses and doctors he used to work alongside with staring down at him with worry as he went in and out of a feverish consciousness. His shoulder wound could be hidden though; it was the cane he relied on that made his situation that much worse. The ache in his leg would worsen with the slightest weather change or if he stood or sat too long. People stared at him. His therapist had explained that it was all in his head, that his insecurities made it seem like everyone was looking at him when they weren’t, that his limp was psychosomatic, but it was a hard thought to push away.
“Ms. Hooper will be giving you a sort of,” the nurse hesitated. “Orientation.” John nodded, thanked her, and left downstairs. He cursed to himself as he wobbled down the steps.
Sherlock and John get to learn a bit more about each other.
Okay, so I know it's been an extremely long time since I last updated, and I am INCREDIBLY sorry for the long ass wait, but as many of you know, college gets in the way of happiness. Anyways, I hope this chapter was decent, and I've got one more for y'all that I'm hoping to write this weekend.
Comfortable silence passed through them. Mycroft, of course, was the one to break it.
John and Sherlock's lives converge at the hospital.
, Sherlock thought to himself.
, John repeated in his head.
“Hey, Sherlock, you okay?”
“The milk?”
fuck me.” Sherlock swearing was a rarity, but for him to speak so candidly about their sexual relationship? That was a shock to John’s system, but one he welcomed greatly.
“But I’ve still got questions for you.”
“If you two want to get out of here faster, can we go ahead and wrap this up?”
John frowned to himself. “Why the morgue?”
John leaned around Sherlock to see his mouth quirked up. “Wouldn’t you love me all wrinkly?”
“You’re just not used to Greg being able to bite back at you.” Sherlock threw his arms down.
For a short moment, the stranger only stared at him, but it felt like John was standing there naked. Those piercing eyes dissecting him in mere seconds before he spoke again.
“Well, maybe we’ll simply switch to something less caffeinated. Now then, you need your rest. I’ll be off now.” She pecked Sherlock’s cheek and shuffled out. John was relieved to have her finally leave for the day. He could give Sherlock all the attention he needed without worrying that Mrs. Hudson was taking mental notes of his shortcomings. John kicked his socked feet up on the corner of Sherlock’s bed and opened a well-read magazine from the side table. Sherlock stared at the bed sheets over his legs. John tried to engross himself in the inane news of another celebrity scandal, but how could he when Sherlock was sitting right there, lost in his memories once again, and looking like a fallen angel. Sherlock’s messy curls had fallen in his face as he gazed unseeingly at himself, lips slightly parted. John smiled at Sherlock. He was going to be better, try to communicate better.
Sherlock looked at him pointedly. “Oh, I wouldn’t say that.”
“And what kind of man is that?”
“I’m not geriatric, John. Besides, I should be asking you that.” John did a quick body assessment and found that he felt bloody fantastic.
Sherlock would need some time to reorient himself, and John hoped that he would let him know if he wasn’t feeling any better as he headed for the upstairs bedroom to change. He would need to take a long shower after this disaster. John was about to take his first step up the stairs, when his stomach twisted.
John rummaged through the desk, opened his laptop to find it still on the lock screen, and let his hand linger on the haphazardly organized stack. Sherlock may not have the most organized method of file keeping, but this stack from Lestrade came together neatly. It was thrown atop the desk now. John glanced up toward the bison skull.
“Selfish?”
John stood and asked about tea. Sherlock shrugged.
Sherlock sat quietly tapping away at his phone in the corner of a Vietnamese restaurant. A bowl of chicken broth steamed in front of him. When eating felt like too much of a chore, he settled his anxiety with broth rather than cocaine.
That was the beginning of John’s new life.
“Stay away from him.”
“Are you calling me a liar?” John leaned forward and kissed Sherlock’s bare shoulder.
“The first hit was to relax me. I have done a total of three injections. The most recent was within the last couple of hours. As to why I look like this,” Sherlock frowned, “Victor has always had a particularly violent sexual past. I was just too lost in my own head to argue against feeding my own high.”
In the back of the cab, Sherlock’s hand in his, John was finally able to think that despite the awful things he had gone through and done, to be here with Sherlock made it all worth the pain. It took him long enough to reach this moment, so he was going to take it for all it was worth. Sherlock was his finally, and there was no one to get in the way of that.
“Sherlock,” he rasped. “I need to sit down.” Sherlock jerked his head up to see the unsteady look in his eye and quickly rose to guide him to his own chair, quickly yanking away his shirt. John plopped down with his legs splayed. Sherlock stood nervously off to the side with his shoulders hunched inward and hands in front of his erection.
“I mostly used disposable ones,” Sherlock confessed.
Lestrade smiled as Sherlock walked away. Taking the blanket from around his shoulders, Sherlock bundled it up as he approached John, standing at the side of a police car. He tossed the blanket through the open window of the car and ducked under the police tape.
“Well, we all can’t be idiots like you, John.” Sherlock froze immediately after the words escaped his lips. “My apologies,” he placed his hands over John’s on his chest. “I’m trying to lessen my insults toward you.”
“I know,” Lestrade sighed. He pushed away his drink. “Let’s get you home.”
“Nothing in particular.” Sherlock continued to ignore John’s concerned eyes. “We were just talking about how ridiculous you look with your collar up.” Sherlock whipped his head around toward John with an ugly scowl. John knew what they looked like with Sherlock looming over him like an angry shadow, trying to intimidate him with his height and icy glare. John was unfazed, however, and couldn’t help but smirk at him. It might work on other people, but there was nothing that Sherlock could that would make John flinch away from him.
Sherlock met his eyes. “Yes. I am sure of it.”
“I play the violin when I’m thinking. Potential flatmates should know the worst about each other.” Sherlock chuckled.
The sounds Sherlock made clenched around John’s heart. He never imagined Sherlock would breakdown like this, especially not in front of him, but whatever the damage Victor had done to him physically didn’t compare to what was happening in Sherlock’s head.
The bright lights of the store buzzed loudly in John’s ears. Lestrade said he should probably pick up a few things for another long night at the Yard and went his own way. John was thankful for the ride, especially after exhausting himself so much. He flexed his tender forearm as he held the basket at his side. John went straight for the milk that always seems to run out way too soon in their flat. The dried blood on his knuckles glowed under the fluorescent lighting as he reached out.
John closed the door behind her with a smile. He let out a long breath and climbed the steps again. Sherlock was sitting on the arm of John’s chair. He looked absolutely gorgeous in his black shirt and trousers.
“Please,” John started, “madmen like you don’t age.”
“You wouldn’t dare,” Sherlock growled.
John pressed his head into the back of the chair. He had a lot of making up to do.
Neither of them had brought up how Sherlock had gotten the straight open wounds that cross-hatched his body. Sherlock was thankful for that as much as he was for John’s gentle hands now. The bamboo switch Victor had used on him left bloody red welts across his skin. Every time he would hit the same spot again, Sherlock’s skin would split and burn, but with the cocaine coursing through his system, every hit felt intensely orgasmic.
“I could go a few more rounds.”
“I don’t know when. I would hate to ask Molly for advice on such a matter considering she has not been in a successful relationship since I have known her-”
“I’ll take you. You can give me your statement on the ride over.”
“Not all wounds heal properly, Doctor Watson.” John gripped his change and straightened up. “You of all people should know that the wounds we don’t see are the ones that hurt the most.” The man rose to his feet, blankets falling to the sidewalk, dusting himself off. He wore tailored blue slacks and a light blue button down.
“John,” Sherlock exclaimed. John’s heart skipped. He abandoned the bag to face Sherlock’s hidden eyes. With his head bent, Sherlock’s curls hung over his face. John glanced around to see that no one had suddenly entered the flat.
“Sherlock, why?”
“What in the bloody hell happened?” Lestrade asked John rather than Sherlock.
“Ah, Molly, coffee. Thank you.” He handed John his phone. “What happened to the lipstick?”
His heart sunk when Sherlock revealed that Mary was pregnant. It was the last thing he wanted to hear. The knot in his throat almost choked him. He tried his best to look happy, but Sherlock looked so incredibly sad. It was a slight flash, but they looked at each other like it was going to be the last. He and Mary had danced away, but John couldn’t get his face out of his head.
John lay in bed wishing he could just lie quietly next to Sherlock, hearing the cogs in his mind whirring busily and his gentle breaths. Sherlock was always careful to not breathe too loudly while John was trying to sleep. He was oddly considerate. John was thinking of Sherlock’s skin when he suddenly awoke, catching himself just before falling into a deep sleep. John sat up slowly and regretted that he didn’t think to bring the water Lestrade left out for him upstairs. He glanced over at the clock on his nightstand; it was just after three in the morning, and nearly fainted back into bed with joy when he remembered that it was the weekend and didn’t have work in the morning.
“All right there, Sherlock?”
“This phone call – it’s, er, it’s my note. It’s what people do, don’t they – leave a note?”
“Mary had to pick up the pieces, Sherlock. She was more than just a beautiful woman, but my savior. You don’t know how many times I tasted the muzzle of my gun.” Sherlock’s anger dissipated, leaving him empty inside.
John had stopped stroking him and was staring hard at him again. “You think too much,” he smirked.
They sat in silence while Sherlock mulled over what Mrs. Hudson had said. He went through the files he had on depression and like mental illnesses, but most of his data involved prescription drug names.
“Now, I know that’s bullshit,” John started.
Sherlock Holmes was beautiful in every sense of the word. John’s chest swelled with heat when he gazed on that face. He could tell the man was brilliant. He gave him a taste back at the hospital, but John could see it in the man’s stare and the way he scrutinized everything. There was an obvious clarity to him, one that John both admired and feared. He would hate to be the subject of those eyes.
“No, I’m coming in.”
John stood at the front desk, waiting to make sure all his paperwork was done. It was the end of his shift, and he had enough time to make it to the grocery before it got too late. The double doors down the hall were pushed open and Sherlock strode through, shoving his hands in his pockets, coat flaring behind him. John picked up his jaw from the floor when the man stood next to him.
“Just be sure you keep an eye on him.”
Let me know what y'all think! Kisses!!
Alrightyyyyy here we GO!!!!
John smiled.
Lestrade gave John a stern look. “What do you want with him?” John glanced over to Sherlock’s room where his shadow danced across the floor beneath the door.
“How about I let you take in as much as you’d like?” John took Sherlock’s hands in his and brought them to his shoulders. “Set the pace,”
All week he wanted to touch the man.
Sherlock gripped the edge of the armchair. “Wanted, or still do?”
The buildup in his lower belly grew. “Wait, Sherlock,” John cried.
“A simpleton maybe,” Sherlock grumbled to himself.
Back in his new flat, he put away his stuff and pulled back the drapes. The stranger- er, Sherlock- wasn’t there. He sighed disappointedly, and then stopped himself. Why the hell should he be disappointed? He doesn’t even know the man. John stared into his kitchen. He really should go to the grocery, but his leg was bothering him more today, and he didn’t really want to make the effort. He settled for takeaway again. In the back of his mind, he dreaded being the regular at the restaurant, but he did need dinner.
“You, me,” he laughed harder. “Us. We just captured a killer-”
John woke to gentle fingers carding through his hair. He lifted his head to see Sherlock staring off toward the wall sadly. Mrs. Hudson must have gone to get herself some tea while he slept. John gently squeezed his fingers around Sherlock’s arm.
After being released from hospital, Sherlock should be resting, but an unwanted visitor makes doing so difficult.
He was no longer in their flat, but in one of the many halls of his mind palace. John stepped out from one of the rooms. Fear struck Sherlock’s chest like a hammer. He had let himself get wrapped up in a fantasy and forgotten why he couldn’t trust the John of his mind palace. Sherlock got to his feet. John was not in his jumper and jacket anymore, but a finely tailored blue suit with a cheery grin.
The cocaine was more than just a cure for boredom. It seemed to slow down space, giving him ample time to feel the world around him rather than the usual maelstrom of sensory he was so accustomed to shifting through. It made living in such a dull world almost tolerable. He could stroll through his mind palace and relive his fondest memories without worrying about the contents of the basement. Most days, he had firm control over its contents. Moriarty’s taunts were annoying at best, but Sherlock had days when he was so caught up in the flurry of sensory input that he wouldn’t notice Moriarty’s loosened restraints. Usually, it was John that would square his shoulders and march down with stoic heroism, but recently, John would hurt him more than Moriarty. Sorting through files meant keeping the door locked behind him as John kicked at the lock, demanding to be let in, because how dare he keep things hidden from him.
He opened the front door and was met with Sherlock and two movers holding John’s chair, or one that looked exactly like his old one.
, smile spread dumbly from cheek to cheek.
When John had met Mary, he was hardly the man he used to be before Sherlock’s death. He had changed after the war, but now, he was nothing without the detective. His permanent scowl made his patients uneasy, and when the practice had threatened to let him go, he disappeared into a three-day drunken haze. He had spent so many years fighting the vice that had taken hold of his family, but how could he fight any more when there was nothing to live for?
“I want to spend the rest of my life making up for all the terrible things I have done to you.” John pressed his forehead to Sherlock’s. “Let’s make up all the time we wasted pretending that we were just flatmates.”
Just to make it clear, this chapter has vivid smut/sex scenes! Y'all know ;))
, even after he came down, and John’s suggestion had piqued his interest. Sherlock shivered at the thought.
“I’ve brought it. Something to make for dinner tomorrow too.”
Maybe he’d ask Lestrade…
“Sherlock.”
John stepped into the sitting room when the front door slammed shut, dressed for work. He had heard Sherlock cursing to himself in his regular flurry of motion downstairs as he hovered around his bedroom door, wondering if Sherlock could stomach being around him. John went into the kitchen to find it unsurprisingly cold and busied himself with making tea and tipping out a couple of Sherlock’s favorite ginger biscuits. He settled into the sofa and flipped through channels aimlessly.
Mike was talking about a flatshare or something when John was pulled from his thoughts. The park was just as it was before.
“That’s enough to be going on with, don’t you think?” He opened the door again, halfway out. “The name’s Sherlock Holmes, and the address is two two one B Baker Street.” And just like that, with a wink and a goodbye to Mike, he was gone.
John’s daydream cracked at the sound of Sherlock’s voice. Remembering where he was, he sprinted out from the back alley and slammed into the panting suspect. It only took a couple of movements to subdue the woman despite the gun she attempted to withdraw from her blazer. John pushed it out of the way and sat up to watch Sherlock jogging over with Lestrade in tow.
“Sherlock,”
“Lestrade has informed me that I should communicate my feelings to you in order to better this relationship, so I am here to make my thoughts known.”
“I’m quite sure you know your way around a hospital, but you’re correct.” John followed her gaze.
Sherlock smiled darkly and licked off the last pearly bead that had accumulated on John’s prick. John scrambled to his knees despite feeling dizzy and took Sherlock’s mouth. He licked his way in and wrapped a firm hand around Sherlock’s cock. He dipped his thumb into the slit and rubbed the wetness around softly. Sherlock moaned in John’s mouth, desperate and hazy. John tasted himself on Sherlock’s tongue as he pumped Sherlock slowly. The detective was unfocused with his kisses. The only thing he could feel was John’s hot skin against his; the way John’s lips were strong while his were lazy. His shallow breathing faded away as he grew closer to that dangerous peak. It had been a long while since another person had been trusted enough to interact with him at this level. He hadn’t needed to use his “charm” on the good doctor.
John stepped onto the desk and lifted the skull off the wall.
“How was Tesco?”
. John could envision emptying an entire clip into Victor’s limbs and pressing the hot muzzle to his face, branding his skin like he did to Sherlock. He wondered if the bastard would run once he pulled out his gun, or would he have his own? He was a drug dealer, so it was quite possible. The man in John’s mind was faceless. If anything, John looked forward to seeing his face, and the kind of man that Sherlock thought was worth hurting himself for. John watched the young men and women casually drink and chat outside pubs and restaurants as the cabbie drove by. At that age, John was finishing up his medical degree, counting the days until he could enlist in the army. He doesn’t look down on these kids for enjoying their lives, not like many bitter people his age. They had every right to enjoy themselves, because at any moment, it could be taken away. John only wished that they find their purpose for living. He had thought that his reason for living was the military, but after being invalided home, he realized just how quickly it could change, and he hoped to death that these kids would find a new one quicker than he did.
“C’mere, you bloody madman.” Sherlock nearly rammed his body into John’s to get at his mouth. John held Sherlock by the neck and reached for his aching erection with the other hand. Sherlock’s heart hammered away inside his chest. He unlatched his mouth from John’s and stared into the other man’s eyes. The hand at his crotch kept working him. Sherlock’s heart stuttered, not for the orgasm that was rising, but for the kind stoicism in John’s gaze. Sherlock would never love someone else. He couldn’t possibly find someone who came close to John.
When Sherlock opened his eyes, he was no longer in the overwhelming sun, but back in his flat. A bead of sweat escaped his hairline. John pressed two fingers into his carotid artery.
“There are a lot of romantic fantasies regarding the afterlife,” Sherlock began.
Sherlock opened his mouth. The sight of his own semen mixed with Sherlock’s spit in his abused mouth brought another bead of cum to his tip.
“Molly.”
When John finally came home, Sherlock had done some washing, replaced the jumper in its rightful spot, and slid into his navy dressing gown. He was on his third cold case when John entered. John looked weary from a long day, but obviously had too much unspent energy.
“You know how valuable my mind palace is,” Sherlock stated. “After we made our amends, I quickly discovered a grave problem in my mind palace. Moriarty’s web had managed to capture you, or at least, the projection of you that resides in there. The Watson of my mind patrols the halls with his gun at the ready. He keeps Moriarty in his restraints.” Sherlock breathed silently for a minute or two. He hoped that John would understand. That was the only thing he wanted, really, was for him to understand why he made the choices he had. Sherlock didn’t care if he liked it. He was always going to do what he thought was right, but if John was incapable of recognizing the “why” behind them, then he would know that their relationship would never reach his idealized version.
John gave the landlady a quick squeeze goodbye and jumped into the back, immediately grabbing onto Sherlock’s sweaty, trembling hand.
Sherlock’s eyes grew hot, but he managed to keep the tears at bay. Victor’s eyes watched him carefully. He may not have the intellect that Sherlock had, but Victor was still incredibly bright. Sherlock’s throat felt swollen and the words grated their way out.
“I love you, Mr. Holmes.”
Okay, so I haven't gone through and proofread this chapter, so please do not hesitate to comment on any discrepancies with the previous chapters and misspellings, and all that jazz.
“We’re in a lot of trouble,” Sherlock said.
Sherlock loosened his arms and stood tiredly in the middle of the sitting room. “He grates my nerves,” he muttered. John rose from the desk, abandoning his forgotten blog, and stood behind Sherlock, wrapping his arms around the taller man’s chest.
Sherlock slid off the stool. “The cabbie I shot? I had that bullet casing melted down into this ring.” It was a black band with a thin steel strip running through it, simple yet lovely, just as John was. John held out his hand for Sherlock’s and slid the ring on.
He knew that there had to be an end to their fun, but he didn’t think it would be so soon.
i hope this chapter makes everything worthwhile :)
“JOHN!”
“I am in a very big hurry, Mrs. Hudson, and I do not have time to listen to your ramblings.” Sherlock flew up the stairs without John.
“Almost?”
“There was someone from my younger days,” Sherlock began quietly. “We had grown up innocently together as children, but during our young adult lives, he had taken a different path from mine. Rather than let him go, I followed. We had a relationship through drugs and rough sex, but when Mycroft forced me into rehab, that ended as well. I had not seen him for years, but I always knew where exactly he dealt. When I would relapse, it was his product that I sought, and he never argued.” Sherlock lowered his face in his hands to breathe deeply. He wasn’t fully prepared to divulge this past with John, but the cocaine in his system made him loose.
John’s hand tightened around his throat and pushed him until the back of his head met the tile. Sherlock hollowed out his cheeks and kept as still as possible while John kept up a punishing pace. Saliva flowed freely from the corners of his mouth, coating his clothed hard-on. The head of John’s cock was threatening to choke him as he gagged and coughed around it. Sherlock’s arse was slipping from the toilet. He reached out for the bar on the wall to keep himself up, other hand scrabbling for purchase on John’s straining forearm. The tight grip on Sherlock’s throat was making the loo around him swirl and drag; his strained breathing sounded muffled to his own ears.
“And now you’re here,” Sherlock answered.
“I’ve brought you some of your favorite sweets. I don’t want to see a single one left when I come to check on you later.” Sherlock nodded into his mug. Mrs. Hudson gave his arm a gentle squeeze before leaving the flat, casting one more warning glance at John. Sherlock went into the sitting room, threw himself onto the sofa, and began picking at the tray Mrs. Hudson brought up.
John tugged Sherlock’s trousers roughly only to find that Sherlock wasn’t wearing any pants. He gave Sherlock’s perfectly round cheek a slap.
“Has he tried to hurt himself?”
As much as John wants to tell Sherlock what it is that he's feeling, he doesn't think Sherlock would understand, and he can't think of anything that would hurt him more.
In the moments that John was admiring the man, Sherlock took notice, as he always does. He faced the window once more, finishing his performance with a flourish. He made eye contact with John, the sturdy army doctor from the hospital. The older man quickly lifted his newspaper back up. John’s heart raced under his tattered old army shirt. His mouth was full of cotton. He gave himself another breath before he peeked over the paper again. Sherlock had put down his violin but was still holding his bow against his shoulder, tongue wetting his lower lip. A jolt ran down John’s spine. That familiar warmth was welling up in his gut. Sherlock removed his jacket, draped it over one of the chairs, and rolled up his sleeves, never letting his eyes leave the doctor. He didn’t know what had come into him, but John put down the paper and walked over to the window. Sherlock’s perfect lips curled up into a smile as he unbuttoned his shirt. Heat welled up in John’s face and in his groin. He could always appreciate a beautiful human, and Sherlock, oddly enough, was one of them. He removed his striped robe, letting it fall heavily onto the floor.
John lowered his phone. “No. SHERLOCK!”
Sherlock ran his palms from the backs of John’s calves to the tops of his muscular thighs, slipping his fingers under John’s boxer briefs. John’s body heat burned under his hands. Sherlock removed his hands and danced his fingers across the band of his pants. John breathed heavily above him as Sherlock’s face neared his crotch. Sherlock gently pulled John’s pants down, catching at his thick erection and had John step out of them. John’s cock bobbed up toward his stomach. Saliva flooded Sherlock’s mouth, but he gathered his composure and ran his hand around to the back of his thigh from between his legs. He reached up toward the full and muscular globes of John’s arse and rested his palm at the lower curve of John’s spine. Sherlock breathed heavily into the pelvic bone of John’s body, moistening the base of John’s cock with gentle licks. Sherlock turned on the balls of his feet so that the back of his head rested against where his thigh and crotch met. John squeezed his eyes shut at the feel of Sherlock’s silken curls against his cock. When John could breathe again, he glanced down to see Sherlock gazing at him with darkened eyes.
“Hmmm, so you are, huh? Did you not like the way I sent Sherl back to you? Would it make you feel better if I told you he enjoyed it?”
“Is your friend here? Your blogger?”
“Not really,” John said flatly. Sherlock was easy. The moment he thinks you’re not that interested in what he has to say, the more likely he is to spill. Sherlock whispered something from the sitting room, but John was too preoccupied opening a bag of crisps to drown out Sherlock’s attempts to get his attention.
“You’ve got a file on him?”
“It must’ve taken him a lot of effort not to make snide comments. Maybe he is learning self-control after all.”
“I have never been good with expressing my feelings or emotions. I think that’s why I made such a good army doctor; my emotions had to be pushed away to save people. I wasn’t ready for civilian life, I know that, and when I met you, you threw me back onto the battlefield. I couldn’t have been more grateful for that.”
Sherlock and John try to enter a new stage of their relationship, but Sherlock has managed to make everything more difficult.
“I’ll keep my nose clean,” John smiled. “Mostly.”
“Sorry about that, Mrs. Hudson. It’s been a long day.”
When John finally left the front door, Sherlock went to the window to watch John walk down the sidewalk, fists tight at his sides. Sherlock glanced at the stack of cold cases Lestrade had given him to pass the time during his recovery from a “stomach virus.” He and John had decided not to let Lestrade know of his little slip, lest Mycroft get wind of it. Sherlock stepped onto the desk carefully and removed the bison skull. A spare needle and his usual seven-percent were taped to the inside.
Sherlock thought.
Lestrade almost comically skidded to a halt at the threshold of their flat once Sherlock turned to face the DI. In that moment, Sherlock had forgotten what he looked like dressed in John’s old jumper and looking like he had just come back from the dead for real this time.
“Seems that you are in better health since your recent visit to hospital, brother mine,” Mycroft remarked as he entered the sitting room, making a direct line for John’s chair. John sat at the desk, tapping away at his laptop, and wished that he had stayed in his chair just so Mycroft would have to stand.
John splashed him with soapy water. “I’m not thick,” John yelled.
“Enough!” John hurled the cup. It shattered against the wall in hundreds of ceramic chunks and slivers. Hot tea splattered across the bookshelves and back onto John’s skin. Sherlock remained still in his seat. It was the most energy he had gotten out of John this week. John’s hands shook; tears lingered at the corners of his eyes. Sherlock sifted through his data, just something that would help in this situation, but there was nothing that would come across as genuine. The last thing he wanted to do was harm their friendship because of his lack of “people skills.” John would have said it was just common decency, but Sherlock found that in that moment, he had nothing that he hadn’t already used for a case. John would see through his ruse immediately.
“Now, you’ve got no reason to
The doctor leaned in. “I have dreamt about being this close to you,” he sighed like if him being in 221B was a dream he was about to awake from.
Sherlock straightened his back and lined up his feet. John kept his breathing even. Sherlock’s various poses were like an instruction manual full of boldly typed warnings.
“Sherlock,” John barely made out. “I’m . . . so-” Sherlock swallowed him whole, relaxing his throat so he wouldn’t gag so hard. The slick heat of Sherlock’s throat threw John over. His vision went white with the sheer force of his orgasm as he spilled himself down the detective’s throat. Sherlock swallowed what he could before he pulled off to gasp.
The detective took his cup gratefully and held the rim to his lips, eyes closed. John watched him. He looked so calm and certainly much better than previous. He could hardly tell that the man suffered from an overdose on cocaine. Sherlock opened his eyes and narrowed them at John.
“Sherlock, a man has been found dead in-”
as he pulled the fingers slowly out of his mouth and then ran his tongue up the inside of each one, his eyelashes lowering to half-mast.
Every time, Sherlock would scoff, but turn away with a worried quirk of his mouth.
“Your tan line doesn’t go past your wrists, suggesting that you’ve been out in the sun for long periods of time but with considerable sleeves. I noticed when you held the pan up to me. The way you stand is poised by military standards. You work at St. Bart’s and introduce yourself as “Doctor,” so you’re obviously a military doctor. So which is it: Afghanistan or Iraq?” Mycroft rolled his eyes once more. His brother the show off.
“That’s something for the common man.”
“Why the hell have you been spying on us?”
John rubbed his thumb across those brilliant cheekbones. Sherlock’s convulsions slowed to soft tremors, but John needed that ambulance to be faster. He ran his other hand down Sherlock’s side as he curled in on himself.
“Going somewhere?”
John was finally shirtless. Sherlock ran his hands over John’s perfectly stocky body. He loved all of it: freckles, scars, hard muscle, and the softness in his belly. Sherlock adored John in the skin he was in. Sherlock trailed his fingers over John’s warm skin as he walked over to his chair. John turned to follow him, unsure of where he was going. Sherlock sat sprawled in his chair; the bulge in his trousers was unmistakable. John stood there feeling uncomfortably aware of his hardening nipples in the coolness of the flat.
“You can have all of me,” Sherlock purred.
“Either way, rest up, and tell me how you feel in the morning, ya?” John hummed noncommittedly. Lestrade said his farewells and escaped the flat before he could find himself in the middle of something. Sherlock wasn’t home, which was not too odd, but since he had just deposited a stack of solved cases at the Yard, Lestrade figured Sherlock would be sitting upside-down in his chair or setting something on fire in the kitchen. He also hoped Sherlock wasn’t out getting shot at without him.
Okay so I wanna extend my BIGGEST APOLOGIES FOR TAKING SO GODDAMN LONG TO FINISH THIS. I AM SO SO INCREDIBLY SORRY. Seriously. I've just been dealing with some major writer's block and my depression hasn't been kind. I know you're going read this and be like, "Yo, that's it?" and I'm sorry to say that yeah that's all I could squeeze out. SO SORRY again
John stood there with his mouth agape. “Afghanistan,” he stuttered. “That-” Sherlock awaited the usual insults like “freak,” but they never came.
Lestrade thought. He had picked up enough of Sherlock’s deduction skills to notice little signs like that.
Sherlock closed his eyes again at the thought. Maybe it was time to ask John. It was bound to happen, so why push back the inevitable?
“Let me see.”
Sherlock spoke before he could. “Too much physical input.” John nodded.
Once inside, John removed Sherlock’s woolen coat and hung it up on the hook. The other man proceeded to lay on the couch in the fetal position.
“Do you believe in life after death?”
“I’m sorry, what?”
John didn’t look so satisfied though, and his smugness fell.
“You should be going,”
“My shoulder,” John smirked. Sherlock looked away embarrassed; he never wanted John to learn that Sherlock considered his shoulder a point of weakness. Physiologically speaking, it had been compromised, but he never expected to reveal that knowledge.
“Sherlock, I don’t want to do that,”
and without pause, took in John’s stiff cock. John gasped loudly at the sudden temperature change and dove his fingers into Sherlock’s hair. Sherlock sucked on him with one finger teasing the tight pucker of John’s arsehole while his other hand wrapped around the base of John’s hardness and followed the rhythm of his mouth. John didn’t want to reach orgasm so soon, but Sherlock’s tongue was absolute sin around his cock.
Groggily, Sherlock smiled and sat up. “Just a dream.” When John dipped back into the kitchen, Sherlock spread his fingers and frowned at the dark punctures between his fingers.
“Sit with me, Sherlock.” A hot wave washed through him as he slid into John’s side of the booth. The moment Sherlock settled in, John placed his hand in his lap. His fingers curled down Sherlock’s inner thigh, but didn’t move any further, even with Sherlock’s anxious fidgeting. John gulped down half the pint without even a glance toward his partner. Sherlock glared expectantly at him.
“Look, John. I’m going to do my best to protect your arse on this, but you went too far. I thought you were going to control yourself. That’s excessive force if I’ve ever seen it. I’ve seen hit-and-runs with less damage. What is going on?” John didn’t answer. Of course he wouldn’t. John was a man of few words when it came to personal issues.
Sand fell from Sherlock’s careful fingers.
Sherlock’s face was splotchy with broken blood vessels and bruises. John released Sherlock and bent down to observe his face closer. Sherlock tried to turn, to hide his face again, but John held his chin and bared his face to the light.
“You did bring up his ex-wife. You know that’s a sore topic for him.”
John closed his eyes and leaned his head against the edge of the top shelf. His head spun with too many thoughts. He was overthinking. The only thing he should be worrying about is getting home to Sherlock.
“Aren’t I always?”
“I don’t think you do.” John met Mrs. Hudson’s stern face. “Sherlock may not know what it’s like to be hit by someone he loves,” she paused to listen to Sherlock’s snoring. “I certainly won’t let him go through that.”
John immediately called for EMS. Sherlock’s heartbeat was rapid and his breathing shallow. Tears stung behind his eyes as he yelled for Mrs. Hudson.
“I love you, Sherlock. I’m going to worship every inch of you in our bed.” John fixed Sherlock’s hair and made sure his coat was buttoned enough to keep his tented trousers from causing a scene out in public. The World’s Greatest Detective had a reputation to uphold after all.
Just a glimpse into a life they could have had.
John chuckled. “But the police don’t consult amateurs.”
John frowned. “I came to apologize.”
“Sherlock,” John warned.
Freeing.
“Oh, what do you know?”
“Sherlock,” John hissed between gritted teeth.
“Your come is drying down my ass.”
“People say things they don’t mean when they are upset.”
He hadn’t felt the shift in the air or the light breath against his hair, but Sherlock was there, taking his left hand in his and carefully taking the letter opener from his now pliant hand. He gently urged John to sit on the couch while he got their med kit from the bathroom. When he returned, John was staring at his open palm with glazed eyes. John was still waiting for the sting, but it never came. The bloody lines cut through the natural paths on his palm. All he saw was the blood from Mrs. Hudson’s face where the American agent had struck her. He sat in silence while Sherlock cleaned and bandaged his hand. Sherlock glanced at him, but John’s eyes were still faraway. When he finished, they sat there quietly. It was only when John’s breathing grew heavy and slow that Sherlock draped an afghan over his sleeping body.
“Yoo-hoo,” Mrs. Hudson called gently from the doorway. She held a tray of fruit tarts and biscuits. “I’m glad to see you’re finally settled in.”
Once inside the cab, John considered all the different things he would do to
The front door opened again and let in the biting wind from outside. Plenty of party-goers hissed and complained at the slender man walking through. John could recognize that mop of curls in a crowd of fifty-thousand. Sherlock didn’t lower his collar or unwind himself from that bloody dramatic coat until he flopped himself down in front of John.
“Anymore and Lestrade might just keel over.” Sherlock turned in John’s arms and leaned in for a kiss. John happily obliged, gently taking in his lower lip between his teeth. Sherlock pressed his hips into John just above his belt. Their kisses grew more fervent as their hips ground against one another, erections brushing underneath too many layers of clothing. Sherlock slid away from John’s lips toward his neck, mouthing at the hot skin just below his jaw. John had no hope in stopping the sounds he was making, but Sherlock didn’t seem to mind at all. It was rather encouraging. John let his hand drift down Sherlock’s torso to rest firmly on his erection. A moan escaped Sherlock’s mouth that went straight to John’s cock. Sherlock released his iron grip on John’s back and followed John’s belt to the front. He leaned back to meet John’s eyes, hands hovering over his buckle.
She shook her head a little and beamed at the army doctor. “Shall I show you around then?”
“It is proving to be quite difficult, I’m afraid. Whatever it is that is going on with John, it is definitely not my area.”
I'm finding myself more distracted as of late, so to help me out, if there is anything wrong in this chapter, please do not hesitate to let me know. Thanks :)
“I don’t mean it!”
Sherlock turned his head to meet John’s lips, warm and just slightly chapped. John traced the detective’s bottom lip with his tongue.
Sherlock reached out to him with a quivering hand. John shoved it away from him. “Look at you. You are just a bloody addict. I don’t even know you. I am a
“Well, if it doesn’t apply to you, then you don’t need to know what Greg and I were-”
“You’re amazing, Sherlock.”
Sherlock’s smile was wicked as he locked eyes with those of Scotland Yard and licked a wet stripe along John’s jaw with a final nip of his earlobe.
He pushed the door open with gentle fingertips. The room smelled inherently of John and dust. It had been awhile since John had stayed in this bed, Sherlock thought as he went through John’s things. John never had as many things as Sherlock, sticking to the idea that wherever he was, it was only temporary, but he had even fewer things since leaving the house he and Mary shared. He snatched a brown leather belt from atop the dresser and sat at the edge of the bed. Sherlock had to get a move on if he wanted to have ample time to come down.
Lestrade blinked once, taken aback. “Sorry?”
Sherlock sat quietly, desperate to figure out why John was so upset, especially over things that were not true. He had always valued John. Since the moment he passed his mobile to him after just meeting him, he had known that this man was someone he could trust. His loyalty was written on his weathered face. Sherlock never just dragged him along, as much as it might have seemed that way; John was invaluable to Sherlock’s deductions, and he provided a perspective that Sherlock was not familiar with. John was the reason why so many people approached him; he gave him warmth. Of course, as much as he felt that John romanticized his work, it was because of him that he even had the mass amount of cases to sift through. Sherlock knew that he did not express these thoughts well, and he had difficulty articulating anything without an air of arrogance, but John was the closest thing he had to a friend. He missed the long hours of sitting together in their flat, John nagging over his inability to sit still and keep from walking on the furniture. Sherlock would watch him from the corner of his eye and marvel at the different ways John’s expressions would change, even the slightest, while he watched crap telly or read the newspaper. Sherlock could admit that he might not be a good man, but John made him better, and isn’t that what made partnerships work? Making each other better? All Sherlock wanted was to lay next to John and memorize every inch of his person. Every freckle, scar, birthmark, he wanted to file away in that warm room in his mind palace where he kept everything that reminded him of John. Everything else was placed in their respective rooms and left there to gather dust until he thought it necessary to bring them out again, but John, he had free reign over his mind palace. He would march through the halls, peering into rooms with his Sig tucked into the back of his jeans. Occasionally, he would pull files, and ask Sherlock what things meant, and despite the lack of patience he had in reality, he would spend hours in his head, following John around and answering his questions. It had never bothered him; John was genuinely curious about the secrets he held, and he never judged him when he revealed them. He loved John as much as he thought he could, but Sherlock knew that he could do more. It had just been such a long time.
Sherlock shoved John back. It was rare that he lost control of his emotions so quickly. John had not expected it and stumbled back into the desk.
“But today doesn’t seem to surprise you,”
He could feel his own head fluctuate between numbness and a ghostly grating. John didn’t know which was worse- not feeling anything at all or feeling every signal scratch against the inside of his skull. It was almost like razors rattled in his head, not hard enough to cause much damage but enough to nick and itch. John sighed and went upstairs to put on a pair of decently cleans jeans and his trainers without socks on. He grabbed his jacket on his way out.
“I trust that you won’t do something like this again.” Sherlock nodded. “I have not been the best to you, so I will excuse your actions as a lack of,” he cocked his head to the side and pursed his lips, “judgement. Let’s chalk it up as part of your relapse and work to be better together. I don’t want you to be hurt.” John held both of Sherlock’s hands to his lips.
“Did you read my message,” he whispered.
“The baby is not yours.”
Sherlock’s chest tightened even more. The slow way with which John’s eyes slid to meet his did not spell good things for him. The air in their flat thickened and weighed on Sherlock’s slim shoulders. Any words he had in his throat were caught in John’s calm stare. His pulse throbbed fast in his temple. John simply stood there, seeming seven-feet tall despite his compact frame; his knuckles were white around the horn. When John finally spoke, it was heard through layers of cotton. The blood rushing in Sherlock’s ears drowned out his words.
“Let me take you out to lunch.”
“Well, isn’t it bloody Sherlock Holmes,” the voice cooed. Sherlock kept his eyes focused on the brick in front of him. He had solved a number of cases slumped against that wall.
“Actually, do you know what? Ignore me.”
Sherlock barked out a cold laugh. “You’ve got your driver waiting outside. You have no intention of being here for much longer. Don’t be so dull, Mycroft. It doesn’t suit you.” Sherlock leaned in ever so slightly, back staying absolutely straight. “Just like today’s waistcoat. Try revisiting your tailor to get it resized,” he whispered threateningly.
When John finally glanced at his phone, his heart sank.
John had moved the last of his belongings back into Baker Street a few days later on the condition that Sherlock present any and all cocaine in the flat to him first. John sat on the sofa with a prepped vial held between his fingers. There was nothing on it- no label, no markings, nothing. It may have looked harmless to others, but as John stared up at Sherlock’s healing marks and the sickly pallor of his face, he knew otherwise. Sherlock hadn’t gone through the worst stages of withdrawal yet. The body aches and sweats had already begun. He and Sherlock had to do the washing twice already since they decided that John would be returning to Baker Street, because Sherlock had sweat through most of his lounge wear.
John shook his head. “No. All right, stop it now.” He started to walk toward the entrance, but Sherlock’s pleas stopped him once again.
“All but a couple of molars.”
“I need to find out where this guy is.”
Would Sherlock cry?
“Do you want to try something fresh?”
Sherlock was glad she was dead.
“You might want to ease up on the drinking,” Lestrade suggested. “At least while things with Sherlock are a little rocky.” John rolled his eyes, and Greg had to push his smirk away. That eye roll was Sherlock personified.
behind him. He sat at the edge of the tub and counted the cracks in the tile. There was not a single thought or memory that could fill the hollowness in his chest. Every positive memory was tainted with the echo of “freak.” It reverberated in his head and grated the inside of his skull. He squeezed his head, trying his best to physically snuff the word out, but he knew better. It would never work of course. He wasn’t an idiot.
The heat in John’s gut was growing. He didn’t have that much time before his orgasm would overtake him. John reached around Sherlock’s hip and wrapped his hand around Sherlock’s neglected, throbbing cock. It only took three pumps of Sherlock’s member before he was clenching around John’s cock, his voice reaching an octave he never thought he could reach, and coming over John’s fist. John chased his orgasm, using Sherlock’s tight body to finish himself off. He came inside Sherlock with a shout of the detective’s name.
This man that had once despised him for the things he’s said and done, and now stares into his eyes like he was made of starlight.
Sherlock growled through tight lips. John hurried to hand him the cup of ice chips that the nurse had just recently brought before Sherlock decided to make a mess of the floor. Sherlock greedily swallowed down the entire cup. John had left the room to alert the nurse of Sherlock’s consciousness.
John reached his hand out for the other man, but Sherlock stepped away. “Don’t think you’re the only one who has suffered from battle.”
“Sherlock, I’ve seen you arse naked. I need to see what else has been done to you.” Sherlock looked away toward John’s dresser. He wanted to rummage through it again and find that wonderfully scented jumper. John probably wouldn’t let him.
“You bring out my more poetic side,” John chuckled. “Consider it, Sherlock. It’s for the best.”
Before John could think of something else to say, a young woman walked in with a cup of coffee.
“I was just saying that if you hadn’t left, we wouldn’t have to do this,”
“But I love him,” John murmured to himself.
“Is that it?
John shook his head, taking a sip of his tea with a small smile playing on his lips. “It’s just you look so much better. So healthy,” he sighed. Sherlock lifted his chin. Of course he was. He was always fine.
“Problem?” John could hardly believe it as he glanced at Mike, who only smiled at the other man. Was this man thick in the head? He faced him again, trying not to let his disbelief be too obvious.
He needed more.
“Sherlock, your skin-” John was chasing his orgasm quickly.
John shrugged. “I guess I’m not a mind reader. What was it?”
“Are you a friend of his,” she questioned with suspicious and narrowed eyes.
“I figured they were more cases for Sherlock.”
Sherlock stood and aimed the pistol at John while he held the revolver at him. Sherlock glanced quickly at the paper as the flame died down, leaving less than half of it burned.
“You’re the one who shot him. Don’t blame me.”
“You could.” Sherlock laughed as he looks down at his friend. A tear dripped from his chin. He had lost his chance with John. He had lost the chance to hear those soft endearments whispered into his ear in the early hours of the morning while they lazed in a shared bed. Sherlock could almost see the sunlight streaming in through the window and catching on John’s eyelashes.
“Why so morose, my dear friend?”
“Yeah, it’s for shock.”
The ending the boys deserve.
“What Sherlock? What do you want?”
John had his eyes closed against the idiotic and regretful situation he had just placed himself in. He didn’t mean for it to come out; a thought like that would just normally stay hidden away in his head, but with Sherlock being so. . . Sherlock, it just slipped.
His heart skipped and dropped into the pit of his stomach.
Sherlock went with it. “John is a doctor after all.”
John stared at his quivering hands and balled them up tightly in his lap. “I never expected you to fix me, but I didn’t think that I would worsen,” he sighed. “I thought that maybe you would provide enough distraction that I wouldn’t have time to consider how much I wanted to die, but then you were the one to, and I was plunged into the worst of it.”
“Sherlock, I’m tired.”
“Yes, yes,” Sherlock growled with a dramatic twist of the wrist. “I don’t require the entirety of the Yard to watch me, George.”
“For me, yes. Not so much for you,” Sherlock grinned.
“How about I try again?” Sherlock jerked his head up. John pointed to his own head. “Think it, and I’m going to try to read your mind. Keep saying it over and over.” Sherlock didn’t understand what fool thing John was trying to do, but he closed his eyes and thought over and over, chanting in his head like he was reciting a prayer. John smiled to himself. Sherlock’s hands moved at his sides. His thoughts never managed to stay in his head; John just needed to wait until they reached his mouth.
“How bad did he hurt Sherlock?” John’s face evened out, and in that moment, John seemed ten years older. Whatever it was that happened, it was killing him.
Sherlock released John’s hands. “Your gun.” John eyeballed Sherlock’s calm face as he reached into the back of his jeans and handed over his Sig. Sherlock turned it over in his hands, looking for blood anywhere on the gun, and giving the muzzle a hard whiff.
“Sherlock? It’s the biggest one I’ve got.”
“Has all of your cocaine been cleared out?” Sherlock narrowed his stare.
“Of all the places,” he started to whine.
“No, stay exactly where you are. Don’t move.”
“Stop punishing yourself. There was no way you could have known if I hadn’t even deduced it.”
The doctor took that as a warning to get his arse up the stairs or he would have to spend the night alone with his hand. When he entered the sitting room, the sight of Sherlock standing in front of a fresh fire stark naked took his breath away. There was nothing more beautiful than seeing the mad detective in the flickering firelight.
He was still perfect as he slid from the armrest to the floor, resting his hands on John’s knees. Sherlock opened the front of his jeans, carefully reached in, and pulled John’s cock from his pants. The bite of the zipper’s teeth made John jerk. Sherlock yanked down his jeans with John lifting himself up. Sherlock resumed his nuzzling, taking in the heady scent of John’s crotch. It was inherently John. Cheap soap, sweat, and just, simply, himself was so incredibly intoxicating, Sherlock thought he would have to sit down next. He had gotten well acquainted with John’s smell over the years together, crushed up against each other in alleyways or bent over one another as knife wounds were stitched up. It was a smell Sherlock would bottle up and keep forever. Sherlock parted his lips and gave the head of John’s cock a wet kiss. John moaned above him.
Greg had to clear his throat to get their attention once more. The scene in front of him sent a jolt straight to his crotch, making him yearn for the passion they had.
John regrets his words to Sherlock, but Sherlock isn't quite ready to forgive him.
“Stop acting like a petulant child, Sherlock. You’re going into rehabilitation.”
Sherlock spat, “is not a word I appreciate. I have been advised to make you understand what it’s like for me to have that word said toward me. Unfortunately, I am not entirely sure how to do that.”
“What are you thinking about,” John breathed into Sherlock’s unmoving mouth.
“Will you just relax,” John growled. Sherlock threw himself onto a bench stool dramatically and crossed his arms over his chest with a childish pout. That luscious lower lip jutted out defiantly. John shifted on his feet before standing at the corner of the benchtop like he did those few years ago.
“For a brilliant man, you sure are a pathetic piece of shit.” Tears began to well up in Sherlock’s eyes. The clouds underneath him turned hot and rose around him, threatening to smother him. He wanted to ask John why he was being so cruel, but his throat hurt so much he couldn’t even swallow.
“Bend over in your chair,” John commanded. “Steady yourself on the back.” Sherlock’s brain was foggy with John’s stern voice. He loved hearing the steel in it. Sherlock imagined being in John’s company back in Afghanistan. How would John speak to him? If he acted just as he did now, would John have to punish his insubordination? Would John make him clean the latrines with his toothbrush like in those ridiculous films, or would John order him to run around the base until he vomited his stomach up? The quiver in Sherlock’s knees hurried him to bend over at the waist in front of his chair and grip the back so he wouldn’t collapse from the thought of John, dressed in his military fatigues, watching Sherlock run through his punishment. He imagined that John would be a fair captain, and Sherlock would have no reason to be angry at him for being reprimanded.
But then again, he had never known someone like he knew John. There was Mycroft, but that was purely out of blood relation and not something he would have been willing to develop if not for that minor fact. He observed John while he stared at the birds.
He took a slow breath. “I spent hours in my mind palace reliving the moments between us, chasing down criminals in wet alleyways, eating takeaway in the late hours covered in dirt and sweat. The times I could manage to sleep, I would dream of your anxious footsteps upstairs and the way your hand stilled when you held your gun. As much as I wanted to come home, I needed to make sure Moriarty’s web had been dismantled.”
“Your next patient hasn’t come in yet, so it’ll be a cancelled appointment.” John rolled his eyes. “But hey, you can take off early for lunch.”
“Why would I do that?”
“Not enough oxygen to that useless brain of yours,” Sherlock laughed. John eased himself onto his elbows. Sherlock stood and helped John up.
“You’re beautiful, Sherlock,” John muttered, shedding his jacket and jumper. Sherlock didn’t hesitate to mash his lips together with John’s, letting his tongue slip in just so. In John’s head, his thoughts flew by at breakneck speed.
“I was just angry. It’s just sometimes you don’t understand,”
“Sherlock,” John whispered. Sherlock stopped at the doorway of the kitchen. “Will you let me know if you feel any worse?” Sherlock hesitated. He had no right to worry John anymore, but the doctor would know if he was hiding any physical ailments from him. He nodded and proceeded to his room where he curled in on himself in the center of his bed.
Sherlock was jittery and quivering all morning, but in this moment, he felt stilled. The man was a live wire, but John grounded him, insulated him with warmth and firm grips. John was sturdy bodily and strong mentally- a soldier through and through. It was an odd feeling that both men shared. John missed excitement, and since he had moved in across the street, seeing Sherlock was a bit of a rush every time. The detective was wild and odd in physicality and intellectuality, and John was finally able to feel all of it under his fingertips. He practically buzzed under his palms. Electricity coursed through this man’s veins.
John lunged for Sherlock. He wrapped his tie around Sherlock’s neck with brutal strength and tightened. Sherlock thrashed against John for a panicked second before he elbowed him in the face. John growled and flipped the taller man over his shoulder, then dragged him up against his thigh. Sherlock struggled to breathe, facing reddening. His vision was darkening around the edges. Sherlock reached behind him and wrapped his arms behind John’s knees and pushed onto his feet as hard as he could. They were flung onto the bed. Sherlock rolled off onto the floor and scrambled for the Sig.
“I don’t think I will be needing to hold onto this any longer. What do you say, John?” She set the gun beside the tray.
John reached into his inner coat pocket and held a customary velvet black box.
John gingerly opened the warm, smooth box. It was lined with plush black velvet and was obviously something very cherished by its owner. The hypodermic needle inside was an antique and kept in pristine condition. Next to it were alcohol swabs and a neatly coiled rubber tourniquet.
“Sherlock,” John murmured sleepily. Sherlock nuzzled the back of John’s neck. John stiffened against him.
To not have to explain where he had been or what he had done or who he used to be was a relief. That beautiful man with the elegant violinist fingers and the calculating stare had asked John to come look at a flat with him tomorrow.
“You’re so gorgeous, Sherlock,” John groaned against Sherlock’s cheek. Sherlock hummed with satisfaction when John latched himself onto Sherlock’s neck, sucking a dark bruise for everyone to see. John sucked his way down Sherlock’s neck, his hands bunching in the sheets. He felt light-headed from the intensity of his arousal; his amplified senses aching for contact with every dip and angle of Sherlock’s body, torn between his need to taste Sherlock and feel him wholly. Sherlock’s hands slid up the back of his neck into his hair, one thumb absently massaging the soft skin behind his ear while his other fingers curled into the short blond strands. John shuddered at the touch, tasting the silkiness of his skin as his mouth opened against one of Sherlock’s nipples. Sherlock made a soft, yearning sound at the contact, fingers tightening in John’s hair. His breath came out quick and hot. He closed his mouth around Sherlock’s nipple and sucked. Sherlock let out a cry, the ends of his fingernails digging into John’s scalp. Tingles ran down John’s spine; he slid his hands down Sherlock’s sides, counting each indentation between his ribs. He pulled away from Sherlock’s nipple and kissed a line down past his belly button. Sherlock’s skin was flushed pink and his breathing was ragged. John glanced up at his face.
“You’re the blogger, aren’t you?” Victor stared at John’s stern face for a second longer before grinning from ear to ear, his fake accent completely dropped. “You are!” Victor took a step back and extended his hand out toward John. “What a pleasure it is to meet you.” John’s eyes didn’t waver from Victor’s young-looking freckled face. He looked at least five years younger than Sherlock, but if they had gone to university then surely they were around the same age.
“Just open it.”
“They are not,”
“An apology. It’s all true.”
“I am very aware that human nature is not my strength. Mary made that very clear to me. However, I don’t particularly appreciate your lack of responsibility in this issue.”
They stared at each other for a few seconds longer before she relaxed and set out to make tea. The clinking of ceramic mugs brought Sherlock out of the bedroom. Mrs. Hudson went over with a mug of tea.
“We need to have you tested.” Sherlock frowned. “For my peace of mind.” Sherlock agreed and pressed his forehead to John’s.
He couldn’t even fucking
“Come across my back,” Sherlock growled. John’s hands tightened on Sherlock’s hips at the thought, but there was no way he would with Sherlock’s body in the state it was in. John held some semblance of self-control enough to know that it was Not Good to ejaculate across Sherlock’s open wounds.
The thought of losing Sherlock tortured John daily. Instead of the Afghanistan sands, he’d dream of thousands of red sights on Sherlock’s bloodied corpse. John had to wade through pools of rifle shells just to find Moriarty lying in the same spot with Sherlock’s carved off face stapled to his, toothy grin spread ear to ear.
“I am feeling much better. Thank you.” John knew how he felt; he was a doctor after all, but Sherlock was aware of the standard “bedside” manners that John must be accustomed to providing his patients, live-in or otherwise. John continued to carefully observe Sherlock as he inhaled most of his plate. A little more than halfway through, Sherlock reached for a handful of ginger biscuits and pushed those into his mouth ungraciously. John ate his breakfast with less gusto than Sherlock and was impressed with his cooking skills despite having a long night with both Lestrade and Sherlock. While Sherlock chewed hastily on biscuits, John reached out to softly rub his thumb over the black bruise around Sherlock’s eye socket. Sherlock froze for a moment before easing his face into John’s hand.
“And I’ve yet to hear one.” John opened his mouth to speak again, when Sherlock spoke over him. “I have reached my limit when arguing about my leave. I cannot possibly explain why I left those years ago anymore.”
“Sherlock Holmes, are you jealous?” Sherlock jerked ramrod straight and crinkled his nose.
“Are you feeling better?”
“Oh god yes.”
“He’s going to need a lot of time in hospital to heal. You did a number on him, John.”
Sherlock stood. “The bullet they just dug out of the wall’s from a hand gun. Kill shot over that distance from that kind of a weapon – that’s a crack shot you’re looking for, but not just a marksman- a fighter. His hands couldn’t have shaken at all, so clearly he’s acclimatized to violence. He didn’t fire until I was in immediate danger, though, so strong moral principle. You’re looking for a man probably with a history of military service.” As he’s talking, he turns his head to look around the area and sees John standing some distance away behind the police tape.
Sherlock had a blanket draped over his shoulders. He frowned and tried to shrug it off when the DI came over.
“Go on, Sherlock. Show me who you really are,” John sang.
“I am perfectly fine,” John lied.
“Indubitably,” he handed John his plate. John took them into the kitchen, rubbing his temples at Sherlock’s stubbornness and at the sight of the table, which he refused to clean because of the unknown substances Sherlock had about it. “You haven’t noticed yet, have you?” Sherlock asked from the other room.
“John,” Sherlock whispered.
He lowered his head and turned.
When Sherlock didn’t answer, Victor dipped his head to meet his gaze. “I’ll ask my original question then. What have you come to forget, Sherlock?”
The woman put her hands on her hips. “That’s Sherlock’s room. You’re not supposed to step in there.” John swallowed hard and withdrew his gun. The woman gasped.
“I thought you were incredibly handsome when we first met, and I fell in love with you the moment you pulled out that gun at the pool. I have only ever wanted to be with you, but I never knew how to express it right, or hell, how to treat you right. I am so sorry I ever raised my hands toward you out of anger. I’m fully responsible, and I don’t expect you to forgive me or even like me after all I have done to you, but I just want you to know that this is how I feel. I have never once regretted becoming your flatmate.”
Swears mixed with his name as Sherlock panted and groaned, arms shaking under him. One last pull had the man below him forcing out a moan that sounded both pained and utterly blissed. Warm wetness spilled into the doctor’s palm as Sherlock shook under his body.  Sherlock dropped his body to the floor with a hard
“Sic’em, boy,” John growled. Nails skidding over the floor, Redbeard shot toward him. Sherlock raced to the key. The dog leapt over it and clamped his teeth around Sherlock’s outstretched arm. A cry slipped out of Sherlock’s lips. He twisted around to grip the key with the other arm as Redbeard dragged him toward John. Tears stung on their way down Sherlock’s face. He dug his nails into the floor, but it was no use as they were ripped out of their beds. He grasped helplessly for the walls, leaving a bloody trail behind.
“You,” Sherlock glanced away for a second before returning to John’s concerned gaze. “In my mind palace, you were as Moriarty: cruel and cold. I had to fix the data, or you would remain trapped as Moriarty’s minion. I had collected data that allowed Moriarty to worm his way in. I had to delete the file that corrupted you.”
Cold rain drizzled down on them while they waited for a taxi. The street was littered with Anti-Sherlock propaganda, and graffiti on the door. Lestrade kept an officer or two near Baker Street purely for the ruffians that defiled Mrs. Hudson’s front steps. When the pair finally reached the top of the stairs and settled inside, John was burning again. He tried to busy himself by cleaning after Sherlock’s experiments, while Sherlock lay on the couch with his hands in a mock steeple under his chin. From the corner of his eye, Sherlock observed John as he tidied. After several moments, John stood over the sink, shoulders hunched and quivering. Unsure of what to do, he called out for him.
Boiling water was poured over the gashes across his back. He fought against the tears at the corners of his eyes. The Siberians could smell weakness a mile away, so the last thing he needed to do was show it. Sherlock understood their language, but when their sentences were dotted with English, Sherlock had to pause his internal translation. His capturers didn’t speak an ounce of English.
“I don’t know what bloody reason he has to be in such a mood,” Sherlock murmured with a pout.
Before Sherlock jumped.
“I don’t know how I always allow you to hurt me.” John screwed his eyes tighter. Sherlock left the room and went straight to the bathroom, gently closing the door with a soft
Not even here.
John flattened his tongue on the underside of Sherlock as he slid back up. He massaged the head with his lips. Sherlock groaned, holding onto the back of John’s head like his life depended on it.
“What’s wrong, Sherlock?”
“Open.” John released Sherlock’s mouth to let the taller man drop open his mouth. John undid his jeans and pulled out his thick cock. Sherlock swore to himself. A lot of people might agree that Sherlock Holmes has a big mouth, but for John’s dick, it was hardly enough.
“You needin’ somethin’, mate?” The hair on the back of John’s neck rose on end. John looked toward the direction of where the voice came from and squinted at the man in the hoodie leaning against the wall, mostly hidden in shadow. John realized that he had come to a drug spot, and normally someone coming here would have every intention of buying drugs…
So, would he think of John negatively after learning about Victor? Would he be upset? And if he was, God forbid he be upset for Victor. John shook his head and went into the next aisle. Sherlock wouldn’t come to Victor’s defense. He was sure of it. They were trying to mend their relationship; siding with Victor would only widen the gap between them.
“I’m doing splendidly.”
Upstairs, he put away everything and decided to strip into his sleepwear and robe sooner than the night called for. He slid his gun back in its drawer. Today was his first day fully “assimilated” back into civilian life- flat, job, and grocery runs. It was a bit exhausting, and quite honestly, rather boring.
“Hungry?”
“Go get me another.” The steel in John’s voice made a shiver run through Sherlock’s spine. His cock was certainly interested in John’s ferocity. Sherlock swung his leg around to step out.
“Which was?”
Sherlock smiled to himself. He loved that man and all his little idiosyncrasies: the ridiculous way he typed with his forefingers; the blank stare he had when he didn’t understand something; or, how old he looked when reading the newspaper. It could be annoying sometimes, but it’s what made him up, and Sherlock thought John was absolute perfection.
“The back of the ambulance is for family only, sir.”
“Marginally,” Sherlock sighed. “It will only worsen as I have spent some time getting reacquainted with my drug of choice.”
There were no words exchanged or even a glance. Just an unbearably tight squeeze of his inner thigh. Sherlock tried to squirm away from John’s painful grasp, but the doctor held him down.
John would say
“I shouldn’t have said that,” John said from the doorway. Sherlock kept himself tall and continued to stare straight at the faucet. John stepped in and sat on the toilet with a sigh.
“It’s the first time you’ve helped me with the takeaway.” John removed his coat and placed it on a hook. “It smells like cleaner in here.”
“Yes, well, let’s remember the last time you said you could care for yourself.” Sherlock lowered his head and glowered at Greg through his eyelashes.
John sprinted out his flat and across the street. He knocked on the door labeled 221B hurriedly. The knocker crooked to the right. The woman he saw before opened the door.
“Don’t be an idiot, John. You can’t possibly know that.” John moved away a little, only noses apart from Sherlock. They stared into each other’s eyes.
Sherlock’s tongue encircled his glans, teasing at the slick slit. John whitekuckled the armrests; his chest rose and fell quickly, quivering with every swipe of tongue. Sherlock took him whole without warning. John had to fight the urge to buck up into his mouth when the head bumped the back of Sherlock’s throat. Sherlock hollowed out his cheeks as he drew back. John glanced down to see Sherlock gazing up at him with dark hooded eyes. Sherlock loosened his grip on John’s thighs and guided John’s right hand to the back of his head, never releasing John’s eyes. John furrowed his brow questioningly, but when Sherlock dove back down harder, gagging rough, John got the message and tightened his fingers in Sherlock’s curls, gently rocking into his mouth. Sherlock moaned, saliva dribbling down his chin and onto the carpet below. His knees ached and burned, but it only added to the airy, dizzy feeling he had as John cut off his breathing in short intervals. John’s pace quickened, and his grip in his hair tightened and pulled as John pumped into his throat. The heat in John’s belly was rising. He wasn’t going to last much longer. Not with Sherlock looking so debauched. Tears clung to the corner of Sherlock’s eyes as he coughed on spit and lack of air. John was climbing fast. He didn’t think he could last much longer.
“Fine, fine. We shot up together. I tied him up, whipped him, and fucked him. Every time I thought he was sobering up, I shot him up again. Is that all you wanted?” Victor was yelling at the top of his lungs now, so John covered his mouth with his hand and bent close to his face.
“Only if you’re rougher,” Sherlock growled in his ear.
Sherlock sat at the foot of the bed and fell back into the center, legs hanging down. John busied himself with removing Sherlock’s shoes and ignoring the sight of Sherlock’s back, decorated in marks across his old scars. When John warned Sherlock that he was going to remove his trousers, Sherlock jolted upward.
John couldn’t believe his eyes. The sight of Sherlock leaning back against his arm, fucking his own hand, sweat matting his curls to his forehead was an incredible image. John wished he had a mind palace of his own just to save this picture of Sherlock Holmes. No one else would get to see him like this. The flush across Sherlock’s cheeks and chest was a deep red. He panted hard as he reached his climax. Ribbons coated his abdomen and hand as his body trembled.
He knew that there was something wrong with that flat.
“It’s not like that,”
Hello everyone!!
Back at his bedsit, John’s thoughts buzzed. He couldn’t seem to get that brilliant stare out of his head. He had felt like he was looking down the barrel of a gun and at any moment it could fire. John had looked up the strange man, Sherlock Holmes- what a public school kind of name- and was impressed to find his website, the Science of Deduction. There was no picture up like John had on his blog, but he could still picture that perfect cupid’s bow spouting off deductions like a machine gun. He spoke so fast and fluidly like the thoughts were coming out straight from his brain, unfiltered and raw, but it wasn’t off-putting. John rather liked it. Sherlock was so brilliant, and the thought of seeing him again tomorrow made his gut feel warm. Usually by the evenings, he has felt the call of his sidearm, could taste the oil and metal in his mouth. He had done it once, pressed his Sig into his tongue. His heart had jumped. It was the most he had felt since being out on the battlefield, but hearing Sherlock be so candid was so refreshing and he craved more of it. In that moment, he was laid out bare under Sherlock’s sharp gaze, and it was so-
Mycroft lifted his eyebrows and put heavy emphasis on his eye roll. “I can see that.”
“Very well. I will gather his release papers.”
Sherlock waited what felt like hours before the sound of a familiar set of booted footsteps entered. He only wore his boots when they were playing out in public. It was a reminder to Sherlock of his current place when he felt particularly verbally abusive.
Let me know what you think! <3
“Oh, boys! How did your afternoon go? Solve any cases today? I’ve got some lovely pastries from that little bakery that you like, Sherl-”
“Sherlock,” she cooed. “I’m so glad you came by. I have been wanting to speak with you.”
“I’ve heard good things about your product. Who are you to turn down a paying customer?”
Sherlock shot up and stepped toward the door leading out of the flat. John gripped the back of Sherlock’s head, held him close to his body, and whispered, “I don’t think so” into his ear before slamming his face into the doorjamb. Sherlock’s cheek collided with the corner. John threw him into the coffee table. Sherlock gathered his hands beneath him and pushed himself to his knees.
“Intonation makes-”
“That’s not what I asked.”
The anger fled his body, replaced by curiosity.
of an umbrella tapping in the doorway made Sherlock roll his eyes.
Sherlock sighed heavily. “Fine, but I’m going to complain about it back at the flat.” John kissed the corner of Sherlock’s frown.
“Your actions seem to suggest otherwise.”
“You never answered my texts.”
John paused at the channel. The actress on-screen had tears streaming down her eyes, clutching broken pieces of china to her chest. She wailed hard with her back against the wall. John’s stomach turned, and he flipped the tele off. He checked his watch; he still had another hour before he usually left for work, but being here in the stuffy silence was too much, so he left and took the long way to the surgery.
“Critical condition,” Sherlock stated.
“I don’t understand how you can sit here and pretend everything is fine.” Sherlock made note of the bitterness at the final word as he put down his chopsticks.
“He cut his hand with a letter opener.”
Behind him, John held Sherlock’s sides with kisses to the base of his sweaty spine. Sherlock was still wearing those goddamn expensive trousers of his. How Sherlock moved as he did in them was a mystery to John, but God, did his arse look just delicious. John reached around to the front of Sherlock’s hips and undid his trousers. John cupped Sherlock’s erection through his undone trousesr, eliciting a strained sigh from the taller man. John yanked down both Sherlock’s trousers and pants in one swift motion and left them to gather at his ankles. John eased Sherlock’s legs as wide as his trousers would let him and caressed the bruises across his back. Sherlock’s breaths quickened as John’s hand hovered over the worse of his whippings.
“Sherlock,” John whispered. “Do you want to tell me what happened?”
Thanks for continuing this fic with me!
John stepped back into the sitting room and faced the windows once more, eyes scanning the room. He reached for his Sig just to remember that it was upstairs in his bedside table. John’s eyes landed on the stack of cold case files on the desk. Sherlock had said that he didn’t get through as many as he liked.
John leaned back against the bathroom tile, fingers gripping the sink. Look at him: thinking about fighting his wife. This is not what regular married couples do. They’re hardly a normal couple, right? He watched his wife make a perfect shot through a coin. Should he be impressed? Hardly. He had seen plenty of crackshots in Afghanistan. He was only worried about that gun being turned on Sherlock again. John looked into the mirror above the sink. The dark shadows under his eyes had faded, but with Sherlock ignoring his body’s need to sleep and heal, they never really went away. When he changed his bandages, John’s vision would blur with the rising tears. He never wanted Sherlock to have a matching bullet wound. The echo of a gunshot made John flinch. He gripped the edge of the sink till his knuckles went white, heart racing. He knew the sound was just a memory, louder than other times, but a ghost nonetheless. His shoulder ached.
Sherlock kissed the back of his hand and smiled up at him. “Only for my live-in doctor.”
“What did his face look like when you aimed it at him?”
“I researched you. Before we met, I discovered everything that I could to impress you. It’s a trick. Just a magic trick.”
“Mary,” John exclaimed. “What brings you here?” She turned to give her husband a tight smile.
“It had to be done while you were at work. I couldn’t have you around to see me sort through it all. Entering my mind palace was becoming riskier, and the longer I let it go, the worse it got.”
John’s youth had been pretty
John ran his hand through Sherlock’s hair to his cheek. Sherlock turned ever-so slightly till he could lick the tip of John’s middle finger from the corner of his mouth. Gently, Sherlock sucked in John’s finger. John’s cock throbbed hotly in the mess of Sherlock’s curls. Sherlock eased his other hand down the cleft of John’s arse. A moan escaped John’s lips. His heart beat quickly in his chest watching Sherlock suck on his finger like he was starving for it.
“Shall we see?”
Carefully, Sherlock reached out and held his friends shoulders, as a tear ran down his check. Immediately, they embraced each other, squeezing so hard it was as if they could never let go. John whimpered into Sherlock’s shoulder, unashamed by his tears, and Sherlock was both saddened and deeply glad to know how much it still affected him. Mary did hold him together when he was gone. He will forever be indebted to her (of course, not to her knowledge).
“Not now.” He huffed through gritted teeth. Greg frowned at him before finally noticing John’s shuffling form as he tried to escape the awkwardness of this situation.
Every step had a metallic echo as he made his way down the steps, needle and vial held in his palm. He climbed the desk again and knocked his papers to the floor with a muttered curse. Sherlock slowly put his bare feet to the floor again. The rug felt itchy under his toes. He wrapped loose newspaper pages around the used needle like a neat little package, stuck his arm in the kitchen bin to clear some of the garbage and wasted mold cultures, and threw it in. He covered the needle with the rest of the rubbish.
“You know what I mean. I just moved in, and look at us. We just met!” Sherlock’s bright eyes shone against the mess of dark curls that fell over his brow. He leaned down and pressed closed lips to John’s.
“Oh, goodness! You can’t possibly keep us apart. We’re so bloody perfect for one another.” Victor leaned forward. “Does that make you angry, John Watson?” John gritted his teeth. He could kill the fucking bastard. It would be so easy here in this alley. He could slam his head into the brick wall, causing a major concussion and definitely confusion. It would give him enough time to move him further into the alley where he would break every bone in his body and every tooth in his mouth.
John may have gone to war, but Sherlock has been in a different kind of battle and has the scars to prove it.
“I’ve had a lot of time to consider the best ways to burn you, Sherlock,” he said in a familiar sing-song manner. “Of course, I had some help, but what do you think?” He spread his arms and did a turn. “Certainly an upgrade from those hideous jumpers, as you call them.” John approached Sherlock.
"I'm ready for love and I'm ready for war
John knew. He knew what the memory was that Sherlock needed to delete. He was to blame for Sherlock’s hospitalization. It all pointed back to attacking Sherlock.
“Remember when we were such happy lads, Sherl? The world was just another adventure for us. What happened to that?” Victor Trevor smiled lazily at Sherlock from the shadows. Half his body leaned into the light Sherlock was in. Sherlock looked down at his own feet. He never could remember when he was happy. His past was always blurry with images of raised fists and mocking laughter.
The two men sat quietly, staring at their own feet. Sherlock gripped the sides of his head. John glanced up at him. Tears glistened at the corners of Sherlock’s eyes. “I just don’t recognize this person that you have made me.” John went to his side immediately. John had always considered Sherlock to be the most clinical, analytical mind he had known. Sherlock was supposed to be almost mechanic in his behavior toward others and the way he processed his own feelings, but seeing him now, hands twisted roughly into his hair in frustration, John considered that maybe Sherlock was the one with more emotions. John pressed his lips to Sherlock’s hair. In that quiet moment, he regretted all the times he called Sherlock a machine.
“I’m not doing that anymore.” Sherlock moved to stand, but Victor’s hand tightened painfully around Sherlock’s.
“He never managed to hurt me in previous trips into my mind palace. I was only there to retrieve information quickly. He was angry and violent, but we were separated by rooms he couldn’t get into, but he had strengthened over time. The longer that virus stayed filed away, the more belligerent he became. When I had reentered this last time, he knew why I had come, and he beat me to it.” Sherlock’s hand trembled in John’s. “I hadn’t even realized I had entered my mind palace. He had tricked me. I,” Sherlock paused. “I tried my best, but what is a detective to a soldier? I just managed to best him by exploiting a weakness of his. It was a lucky shot.”
“I’ll bring up dinner later,” and then she left John and Sherlock alone.
“What will it be Sherlock? Are you going to shoot me, or are we going to learn what happens if you die in here?”
Mary was kind with a quick tongue. It almost reminded him of Sherlock.
In front of 221, Sherlock hurriedly threw some notes at the driver. John would have made a smart comment about him finally paying for a cab ride, but he was too busy whipping the door open. They were just about to sprint up the steps to their flat when Mrs. Hudson poked her head out her door.
“A couple days ago, but I’m his landlady, not his housekeeper. I don’t keep my thumb on the boy.” John turned away from the landlady and held his gun firmly as he approached the door. He sucked in a quick breath and pushed through, aiming it at the open room.
John’s heart sank. Dread washed over him. “Oh God.”
“I hope it is not an issue,”
Sherlock radiated arrogant strength despite his thin body, but he knew that the man was a lithe predator under all that coat. John had treated stab wounds and stitched Sherlock enough to know what that lean muscle felt like under his fingers. How he craved to know how his skin felt when it was hot with arousal, writhing under his hands.
WARNING: I added the Non-con/rape warning specifically for this chapter. I did not want to upset anyone, so I thought better be safe than sorry. There is drug-induced sex implied in this chapter, and Sherlock's decision to get in bed with a person may not have been done fully sober.
He pushed it away and crossed his arms. John spoke again. “You aren’t going to be doing any of that while I am here. You know that, right?”
“I have not figured out what exactly it is that I want to say, quite frankly, but I do want to clear any questions that you may have.” Sherlock closed his eyes for a long time before speaking in a firm voice.
“Need to get the powder burns out of your fingers. I don’t suppose you’d serve time for this, but let’s avoid the court case.” John cleared his throat and glanced around nervously. A pang of worry struck Sherlock.
Sherlock snapped his eyes open. Sweat drenched his curls and back. His stomach twisted hard, and he vomited all over the floor. He hung his head between his knees. Sherlock should be relieved that his mind palace was reset, and John was his excellent self again, but he felt like he had been beaten and thrown into the Thames. Sherlock touched John’s jumper to find it sweat-soaked. He found his mobile and opened three messages from John.
“Sherlock,”
John saw through his bullshit. “No you didn’t. It’s how you get your kicks, isn’t it? You risk your life to prove you’re clever.”
“Is this,” John hesitated, “not okay?”
“Why are you saying this?”
When Sarah knocked on the door to ready him for the next patient, he slid his phone in his pocket and put on his polite smile.
They stared at each other in comfortable silence. John started to feel squirmy under Sherlock’s eyes, so he swallowed down the rest of his tea, stood, and went back into the kitchen to place it in the sink.
“Well, you’d know,” Sherlock smirked. John gazed up at him, still trying unsuccessfully to not look guilty.
“How many teeth did he lose?”
Instead of flicking through questions and “cases” on his blog like he had originally planned, Sherlock held the computer on his lap and stared at the infomercial on the tele. The feeling of John’s laptop slipping from his fingers woke him from his unsuspecting drift. He placed it on the floor and threw himself onto his side on the couch. With his eyes closed, his mind palace materialized, and John sat in his chair with a knowing smile.
“You’re such a clever man, Sherlock Holmes,” John murmured in his ear, tongue flicking out to lick his lips as it does when he’s waiting for a response. Sherlock opened his mouth but couldn’t speak. His words caught in his sandpaper rough throat. Hurt by Sherlock’s silence, John backed away. Sherlock craned his neck to look at the other man, but he was beyond his sights. The warmth that his hand left on Sherlock’s face dissipated.
Sherlock allowed himself a moment to cry over Redbeard. His body burned and ached, but his chest was heavy for his first best friend.
“I had to do it,” he sighed. “I had to make sure you and the others were safe.”
He was pleased to see light furnishings in the sitting room. Closing the door with his good leg, he stepped further in and smiled at the warmly decorated kitchen. He peered down the short hallway that led to the single bedroom. On the opposite side of the sitting room, the large expanse of windows were drawn open, letting the sounds of London pour in. The thin navy drapes were pulled back and tied. John neared them.
Sherlock was cold when John gripped his shoulders to turn him to his side so he wouldn’t choke on his own vomit. Sherlock was hardly aware of John’s presence, only feeling the air warm around him. The brunet was hovering off the ground. Occasionally, he felt his body shift, but he never touched earth again. He imagined that this is what it would feel like to lay next to that doctor from St. Bart’s, settled in the warmth of his muscular and firm grasp. Normally, Sherlock felt no attraction to anyone- all of them so plainly idiotic it insulted him- but there was something else to this ex-army doctor. He was just as readily deduced as anyone else was, but he found John Watson to be refreshing and surprising.
“We don’t know a thing about each other; I don’t know where we’re meeting; I don’t even know your name.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock had no reason to think that John was making his situation sound worse than what it actually was, because John was a tough man, and if he felt himself falling into a dark place that he himself has visited many a time, he had to help him. Sherlock thought back to those times he would catch John standing in his room, seemingly staring off into the distance lost in thought. John’s face had lost that inner glow, the most beautiful thing about him, and it never occurred to him that there may have been something wrong. He needed more data.
“You look better today,” John smiled when he sat in his chair, propped up by the Union Jack pillow. He just wanted to get off the topic of his leg. Sherlock had his elbows on his knees and his hands in those beautiful curls. He peeked at John through his pale fingers.
-Blood
“John,” Sherlock groaned. John rubbed Sherlock through his pants, nodding with his eyes closed. Sherlock’s heart was beating through his clothes. It was all so much: the rasp of his clothes against his overheated skin; the firm press of John’s palm against him, sending sparks flying behind his eyes; the growing need in the pit of his stomach.
“You have to heal, Sherlock.” John hoped that it would get through to him, because it was true. Sherlock had suffered from an overdose, and his body was wrecked.
They had stopped to eat at their regular Indian restaurant. The staff was excited to see them in person after delivering so many takeaway orders in the past couple of years. It was the first time since knowing John that Sherlock had eaten more than him. John had prodded his tandoori chicken until the server came to see if there was anything wrong.
“Would you like some ice chips,” John asked nervously. “You must be thirsty.” Sherlock made no movement.
Sherlock clenched his hands. Once again, he would have to start over. But what made this time different was John. Yes, he had been there for the other times, but this had a different taste. No longer was John’s disappointment directed at him. Sherlock was the victim of the situation. Now, whether Sherlock thought of it as a good thing or not, he couldn’t decide, because he still had some conscious decision in going along with Victor; but, at least John was no longer angry at him. He didn’t want to do anything that would upset him. At least, not on purpose.
John took it upon himself to make Sherlock the biggest fry-up he could manage and a nice steaming cup of overly sweet and creamy coffee. He had gone downstairs to ask Mrs. Hudson if she had any fresh sweets to Sherlock’s liking.
“It wasn’t deep enough to require stitches, but I get the sense that he wasn’t aware he was doing it.”
John finally said goodbye to the last patient of the morning and threw himself in his chair. He ran his hand through his hair, feeling a migraine coming on, and checked his phone. There was only a message from Greg asking if he wanted to get together after work for a pint. John answered back with a “God yes.”
“How could I ever love someone like that?”
“Well then, you two. I have a meeting with some gals for a pedicure. I’m finally going to get these sausages massaged and pampered.” She kissed John on the cheek. He accompanied her downstairs.
“Really? I thought it was a big improvement. Your mouth’s too small now.” He returned to his spot behind the station.
“Come then, John. I want to show you what I’ve got underneath the bed.”
“What did I tell you about talking?”
“What is it, Sherlock?” His voice was cold, steeled against its own shakiness.
“What did you do to him?”
But he was a
Sherlock was watching from a sniper’s nest, nestled in the Afghanistan rubble. John was hunched over one of his fallen mates, whispering calming words while pressing a roll of gauze to his chest. The shot rang out before Sherlock could register what had happened. Blood spilled down to the sand under his boots as he released the breath he had been holding. Sherlock glanced toward where the sniper was situated, but saw nothing but darkness in the windows. Trembling fingers reached out toward his and gripped tight. The young soldier at his feet had tears streaming down his temples. Sherlock would not let go of him. Wind carried sand into his face and stuck to the tears on his lashes. A sharp pain shot through him, and he was reminded of the pain he was trying his best to ignore. He glanced down at the soldier’s distant glazed eyes. A heaviness settled on his chest as he stood, spreading out toward his shoulders and squeezing at his neck. His heart stuttered; the Afghanistan heat smothered him. Sweat soaked the edges of his helmet, and he could hardly breathe. Sherlock undid his helmet and threw it to the ground. The howls of pain and commands died in his ears leaving a piercing ringing behind.
Tears gathered at the corners of his eyes. Sherlock’s heart hiccupped.
“What is happening, Sherlock? Are you okay? John?” She attempted to step around Sherlock. He placed a gentle hand on her shoulder.
John continued speaking with an unfaltering vice grip on his thigh. “Leave the door unlocked. I want to see your feet on the floor.” John let go of him, leaving a pulsating pain in his flesh. “Now go.”
“Not looking too hot there, Sherl. What have you come to forget?”
When EMS arrived and hoisted him in, John stood out of the way on the sidewalk. Mrs. Hudson gripped his bicep.
John leaned back and removed his jumper, tossing it to the floor. Sherlock sat up and crawled forward, covering John’s hands with his own when they got to the buttons of his shirt. Sherlock kissed John’s throat, slipping the buttons out one by one. Sherlock’s forehead was back against his own, his breath hot and desperate against John’s face. The shirt fell from John’s shoulders. Sherlock faced John’s torso.
Sherlock dreamt of warm tea on a winter morning and the way the heat radiated through his palms. It was a dream of soft grey light and maroon jumpers. Sherlock wanted to stay in that dream land, but they never stayed that way. Dreams turned into nightmares he had already lived through.
“It’s nothing I can’t handle,” John said flatly.
The tone in his voice was different than what he expected. He imagined anger and frustration, but concern was not one of them. He should’ve known better. It was a doctor’s job to worry. Sherlock shook his head slightly and buried his face back into the darkness of his collar. His head pounded, and the aches over his body were sharpening into pulsating pain. The smell of his wet coat was making him sick. He should just throw it out and make Mycroft replace it.
He hadn’t aimed his gun at someone other than himself in a while, and the fact that he was doing it to protect Sherlock made that trigger that much easier to pull. He watched as Detective Inspector Lestrade approached Sherlock about what had happened. He had a shock blanket wrapped around his shoulders, and John could not help but snap a faraway picture of the brooding man.
John followed Sherlock’s line of sight to the dresser. The last time he dug through it, he had noticed that a particular jumper had not been folded properly, or at least not to military standards, but he had thought nothing of it and simply refolded it. Looking at the lost gaze in Sherlock’s eyes, he grabbed Sherlock’s hand and led him carefully to the drawers.
“What are you two doing chatting about like hens? You’ve got work to do, Lestrade.”
“And how is it that you knew my ring size?”
“How do you feel about the violin?”
“Get up and go to the loo. Enter the first empty stall and sit on the toilet with your clothes on.” Sherlock cringed at the idea of ruining his fine tailored clothes on the bodily fluids of the common drunk.
Sherlock’s hand shot up to grip tightly around John’s wrist. John stilled against him, fighting his instinct to damage Sherlock’s hand.
“He is,” Mrs. Hudson confirmed with a pointed look toward his direction. “I’ll be out of your hair in a few, Sherlock. I just wanted to see how you were doing once you were up.”
John walked until his feet ached and night had fallen. Regency Park was empty when he found a bench to rest. He definitely made things worse by leaving Sherlock, but he couldn’t face him, not when he had lied. There was a good chance that Mrs. Hudson wouldn’t allow him back into Baker Street, but she wouldn’t understand.  He thought that they would move past all the lying, but Sherlock wasn’t ready to fully commit.
He was in the right spot.
When John pointed his Sig at Victor’s face, he expected the gun aimed back at him. What he didn’t expect was the cheerful look on his face.
“Well, you certainly need to take better care of yourself, even if you aren’t. We’re going to be living a healthier lifestyle now. No more late night cigarettes and takeaway.” Sherlock rolled his eyes. “And dare I say, no more tea.”
“These were unexpected, John. This is blatant murder.” He chewed his eggs before continuing. “Lestrade held a press release today. I’ve texted him several times. I am just awaiting his call.”
“I’d rather not.”
“Then who said anything about flatmates?”
Again, comments are ALWAYS appreciated, and if there is anything misspelled or otherwise, do not hesitate to let me know.
“What’s in there?”
Sherlock’s eyes darted behind his eyelids. He watched every image of what was about to happen flash through his head, but there was only one image he wanted to become reality, and there was only one way of seeing this thing’s end.
“How did you know about Afghanistan?
“I play the violin when I’m thinking. Sometimes I don’t talk for days on end. Would that bother you? Potential flatmates should know the worst about each other.” John can spot the fakeness in that smile a mile away.
“You’re so bloody gorgeous,” John muttered into his neck.
Sherlock hopes John understands why he used again, but John is trying to overcome his own emotions.
“Want to deduce the contestants on that new reality show?”
“Data,” John chuckled humorlessly. “It’s all just data in here. I’m nothing more than a convenient file at your disposal. And here I thought the tears for Redbeard were real.”
“Before you roll your eyes at the commonness of this gesture, I want to you to know that it’ll always be you and me against the rest of the world.” John opened the box to reveal a multi-metal ring settled in more black velvet.
Sherlock’s mouth quirked. “They always are.” He turned the gun in his hand; John slid it back into the waistband of his jeans, warm from Sherlock’s grip.
“Let’s get you something warm to put on.” John opened the drawer for Sherlock. The taller man peered in with a small smile and reached for the light beige jumper tucked under two others. He clutched it against his chest desperately and leaned into John’s shoulder. John rested his palm on the other man’s cheek, a tear rolling between his fingers. John pulled away to look at Sherlock as tears silently ran down his cheek.
Lestrade wiped his lips. “He’s so quick to forgive you. He needs to be mad this time.”
Sherlock was snapped out of his mind palace when John snatched the cigarette out of his mouth. He pursed his lips into a hard line and frowned up at the smaller man.
“No John. You don’t give yourself enough credit. You think I would bed a man that was imperfect? Just because your intellect does not even come close to mine,” John rolled his eyes, but Sherlock continued. “Does not mean that you are as perfect as they come. I could have anyone, John, but there is only you.” Sherlock pressed his forehead to John’s and whispered again.
John was about to lower his pants, when Sherlock whispered, “Wait,” and dropped to his knees at John’s feet.
“Don’t do that Sherlock. If this is the case, he is suffering something he might be able to get a handle on. The poor man suffers from PTSD already. Imagine if you start digging into his thoughts. He will resent you. A woman at my Tuesday bingo night has a son with depression, and it’s just terrible.”
John’s heart jumped. He itched for the gun at his waist.
Sherlock smirked crookedly before breaking the spell and walking away. John stood there, gripping the little table next to him. He hadn’t even realized how badly his knees shook. Ten minutes had passed without Sherlock’s return. John decided to finally go wash up.
It was awhile before John could tolerate living with Sherlock again. It wasn’t that he forgot how the man was, but rather, he didn’t think he could go back to living the way they used to, solving cases, fighting off assailants, and glaring down the press. He and John have managed to steer the press, welcoming back the famed detective, and Detective Inspector Lestrade was more than ecstatic and shocked to find that the egotistical ass was alive and well, and did whatever possible to keep Holmes in sight.
“Not now, Sherlock,”
“Oh, Sherlock,” she crowed, throwing her arms around the slender man. His head swirled in fog and sickness when she moved away. John noticed Sherlock swaying unsteadily and wrapped his arms around his ribs firmly.
Sherlock bit back his snarky retort and raised his fingers to bring someone over. John lunged forward and fisted Sherlock’s collar. Adrenaline surged through Sherlock’s veins at John’s suddenness, and how despite the violent movement, the table hardly rattled. The dimness of the pub didn’t allow for Sherlock to read John’s expression as well as he was used to, but John’s eyes were dark with something he couldn’t quite pinpoint despite its familiarity. Since the start of their little arrangement, Sherlock has found John to be unpredictable. He found it a bit unsettling at first: not being able to see John’s decisions before he could actually make them. But now, excitement coursed through Sherlock’s veins.
The other man was breathing deeply, trembling slightly as John pressed his fingers in for his pulse.
Sherlock’s throat tightened. He tried to escape into his head, but John’s touch yanked him back. He couldn’t leave him alone to swallow what he had seen. He would never leave him.
The doctor smiled cutely as he swallowed Sherlock completely one more time before offering his fingers to Sherlock’s mouth. Sherlock took them, closing his eyes as he did so, before sucking the whole of two fingers into his mouth. John made a sound like Sherlock had kicked him in the gut. Sherlock looked pointedly at John when he came off Sherlock’s cock with a dramatic
“You’re fully aware of the significance of this particular lab, right?”
“Well, yes.”
Sherlock stood suddenly with his hands behind his back. “Get your head out of your arse, Mycroft. It was a minor occurrence and will not be happening again as the issue has been resolved. Now, if you please,” he motioned to the door.
hard on the plate.
John rolled his eyes with a grimace. “How bad what?”
“Are we feeling better, then?” Sherlock nodded and captured John’s hand against his shoulder.
“Mm,”
“Of course, dear,” she smiled, handing over a tray of lemon tartelettes and ginger biscuits.
with some smut sprinkled in.
“That’s true, innit,” he smiled. Sherlock didn’t take his eyes off him. “But he wasn’t a very nice man.” Satisfied with John’s answers, Sherlock finally nodded in agreement, still watching him from the corner of his eye.
Sherlock and John crashed through their flat door in a tangle of coats and kisses. Sherlock’s mouth tasted heavily of katsudon and saké as John flicked his tongue across Sherlock’s. In a rush to get out of their coats, heating up too fast for comfort with a bottle of saké in their system, the two separated and removed their coats and shirts hastily. Sherlock’s deft fingers managed his clothes faster than John, and he impatiently assisted John with his layers, mouthing at John’s neck at the same time.
“I have spent the last couple of years paying for it,” Sherlock spat. “You have yet to understand the full weight of what I had done after all this time. You expect it to be swept under the rug and be forgotten, but it will always sit here in this room.”
“I know who you are. You’re the army doctor that lives across from Sherlock. Your little public displays of affection hardly go unnoticed.”
“Wh-what?”
Sherlock was taken aback. “Really?”
John switched on the telly and listened to Sherlock deduce the lives of each newscaster and meteorologist. Sherlock complained about the lack of tea when Mrs. Hudson walked in.
He went into the kitchen and found the tea and two reasonably clean cups. He set water to boil.
“I was just bringing your cold case files, that I would have solved sooner had I not been so preoccupied with these tedious arguments with John. I did not come here to chat about my private life like wealthy old women.”
Sherlock’s cheeks flushed. “I
“What?”
“Placing sentimentality in inanimate objects now?” John narrowed his gaze at him. Sherlock rolled his eyes. “Yes, I’m aware. This is where Stamford introduced us, and you passed me your phone.”
It had seemed like Sherlock was ready to make the next step, but when they tried to, Sherlock stepped away. John thought that maybe his drug use was in the way, keeping Sherlock mentally preoccupied with whatever it was he was trying to piece together. Sherlock only used when he was trying to think through things, so what
John retrieved his shirt and faced the windows. It wasn’t Sherlock’s fault that he was the way he was, and John shouldn’t be angry with him. He didn’t understand what was going on in Sherlock’s head, and he could hardly imagine what it’s like in there. John frowned at the bison skull above him. Sherlock’s skulls certainly knew more about him that John did.
“Please,” John said. “I love you so much.” Sherlock turned his head to gently brush his lips against John’s cheek. He swallowed hard against his tightening throat. It wouldn’t help to get teary eyed in front of John now. Sherlock’s mouth drifted toward John’s where they met gently. John reached up to hold Sherlock’s head behind his ear. They kissed softly before a nurse came in to check Sherlock’s leads, two of which that had come undone while they snogged in his bed. Sherlock leaned back against the bed and let the nurse fiddle with the electrodes.
. She remembered the brothers bickering on the plane and still wonders what was written in that list.
“I would love some.”
-Drug use/vivid drug use
John was more than certain that he loved that great git in the other room, and the fact that Sherlock had a drug problem didn’t change that, but it certainly disappointed him. A man with such a big brain thought so little of what it would do to him in the long run. John worried at his lower lip. Maybe he had put too much stress onto Sherlock. Flaunting his marriage in front of him while stealing kisses in the flat during lunch breaks must’ve upset him. And if that didn’t do it, John pummeling him on the floor did the trick. John rested his head on his hand.
“Really, Sherlock, I’m crushed! I just happened to be walking by when I saw that beautiful head of curls in the window.” Victor leaned in. “You know how much I hate seeing you alone.”
“Shut up,” the two of them answered grumpily. Lestrade smiled to himself.
“Did you enjoy your usual?”
“Shall I remind you, Sherlock,” Mycroft aimed his mechanical glare at John. “That I see and hear all.”
“John, it’s you and me against the world. No one will understand what we’ve gone through better than us.”
“You’ll love this,” Victor whispered into his ear.
At least, most of the time.
“Don’t ignore me, Sherl.” Victor sat down in the chair across from him, gently lifting it by the back so it wouldn’t scrape the floor.
“Sherlock,” John called out even softer.
Sherlock popped his medication after hearing John nag at him for the past three hours. He continued to pick at the sugar-free biscuits Mrs. Hudson had brought up earlier. John had the day off from work and was pestering him to eat, despite not eating himself. Sherlock thought that John would have learned that he didn’t always have to eat, but Sherlock simply complied. Sherlock took note of the time- ten past one in the afternoon. Normally, it was Sherlock who spent his days off lazing about, but John was still in bed under the covers. He had risen long enough to irritate Sherlock, but then it was straight back to bed. Sherlock wondered if his emotional instability was returning. He had hoped that their new sexual relationship would keep it at bay, but with John seeming unlike himself, Sherlock had reason to doubt.
“Open your eyes, Sherlock.” Sherlock relaxed the furrow in his brow and snapped his eyes open.
This man who healed and treated people with the same hands he bloodied with criminals.
John had spent many days thinking about dropping by 221B, and it rubbed him raw to know that Mary liked him. He should be happy that his wife likes his best friend, but Sherlock was his alone. Sherlock didn’t need anyone to like him except for John. He knew that it was a bit Not Good of him to be so possessive of a man he never really had, but still, wasn’t Sherlock mostly his? When he and Mary slept together, and she kissed his neck, he could never manage to stop himself from imagining that it was Sherlock on top of him, all sharp angles and lean muscle grinding on top of him. He would dream about Sherlock’s lips, that delectable cupid’s bow on his mouth or on other places. Mary became concerned with how many trips to the bathroom he would make during the night, but he reassured her that he had just been drinking more water since he started cycling to work.
Sherlock’s heart was aching in his chest. At that moment, Sherlock wanted to take John’s Sig and pull the trigger at his temple. This was a lot harder than how it seemed on the tele. Mind palace John made it seem so easy. For fuck’s sake, his chemistry education was easier than this. Sherlock was too scared that he would choke on his words if he tried to steady his breathing, so he stood there with his lungs burning from the strain and his hands trembling at his sides. He didn’t know if he would get another chance like this. When he saw his reflection, rather than turning around the other direction, Sherlock decided to take the plunge into the deep end. He had to get used to the man he was becoming, but he had no doubt that he needed John to be by his side through it all. John was the head as he was the heart. He kept Sherlock’s emotions in check and ran into the fray, no questions asked. Sherlock would never be whole again without him.
.” Sherlock fought the urge to glance at John, but judging from Moriarty’s smirk, he made it easy for him.
“Don’t you want to know?”
He wanted to disappear. Fade away into a husk of flesh, only supported by the hot harmony of cocaine searing his veins. Sherlock craved nothingness. He wanted to not be here, trapped in his own vessel, where the outside world bristled beneath the surface of his skin like a nuclear reactor, a constant bother.
. He never pulled it because there was always a nagging in the back of his head of something coming. He wasn’t sure if it was just him trying to be hopeful, but this past week put him in lighter spirits. The stern frown on his face was gone when he rose from bed to bathe despite his nightmares. He hated to think it, but his life seemed to have turned after meeting Sherlock.
John huffed, “I’m harmless.” Lestrade stared at him, but said nothing more. He trusted that John wouldn’t take whatever it was he was doing to the extreme, but to walk the battlefield with Sherlock Holmes meant that he was just as mental as the detective. He hoped that he wouldn’t have to answer a call because of the ex-soldier.
The dark haired stranger turned back from the door and steps into John’s personal space. “Is that what?”
“I’m not geriatric,” he snapped.
“You’re not on a case though.”
“I need to take something back from him.”
“Considering the baby isn’t yours to begin with, we could finally give each other every-“
“Come on – who’d want me for a flatmate?” John could hardly imagine himself living with another person. People might fear the invalided soldier with the stern mouth and sandblasted eyes. Mike chuckled to himself.
“When was the last time you saw him?”
“What in the bloody hell happened?” John grabbed Sherlock’s face again.
John caressed that gorgeous face and lined his cock up with Sherlock’s arse. Sherlock mouthed “please,” and it was everything he needed to hear before pushing in. Sherlock’s hands gripped the edge of the workbench so roughly his knuckles popped. A red flush painted his sharp cheeks and his chest. John bottomed out and let the both of them get adjusted. John pulled out slowly, leaving just his head, and reentered faster. He let Sherlock’s gasps and murmured pleas set the quickening pace. Sherlock was a mess of half-spoken words and breaths as John drove into him without mercy, hands gripping his hips to the point of bruising, but if he was hurting him, Sherlock made no move to mention it. John cocked his hip just so and brushed Sherlock’s prostate with every thrust. The detective was reduced to mindless babbling.
“Can I?” John nodded.
Once those words were out, the rest flowed out. He wanted to show Sherlock how weak he truly was. “I wanted to dig a knife into my arm until blood dripped through the floorboards. I wanted unconsciousness to envelope me.”
The cab slowed to a stop outside of 221B Baker Street. Sherlock let himself out against John’s request. Mrs. Hudson opened the door.
“Well, I can tell you right now, why that would,” John said proudly. “Donovan calls you that, and you’re not very fond of her.”
“Is this person still in your life?”
“Why won’t you tell me, John? I care for Sherlock too!” John stopped mid-stride and turned to the DI.
“Bit of trouble too, I bet.”
The walk to St. Bart’s was fairly quick and easy. He hadn’t even realized that he was already there until he heard himself speak.
John rose to his tired feet again and nearly ran out of the park to the main street to call for a cab. When he arrived at the hospital, he began to argue with the nurse at the front desk.
John frowned hard in both embarrassment and anger. “And who are you, might I ask?”
John isn't the type to walk into battle not knowing what to expect, so when he leaves the flat in search of blood, he's going to get it.
He was just sitting there fidgeting with the plate of biscuits when John could be thinking about God-knows-what! Sherlock pushed away from the table and entered their bedroom. John was snoozing quietly with the covers over his head. The sunlight streamed in brightly, bathing John’s sleeping form in grey light. Sherlock moved quietly to sit at the edge of the bed. He carefully eased himself along John’s side before lying beside him. John stirred when Sherlock pressed into his back.
To see it being snuffed out by his own hands made Sherlock’s throat dry. Whatever it was that was afflicting his friend, he had to do something about it, because it was destroying him. He noticed the slight splotchy red skin on John’s head where his hair had been ripped out when he had turned to watch the birds fly away when a biker rode past. Anger bubbled in Sherlock’s chest. How could someone so perfect do that to himself?
Lestrade was about to say something snarky, but Sherlock bounded out of his bedroom with his air-dried coat swinging around his shoulders.
John could no longer hear his heavy breathing or the blood rushing in his ears. There was a high-pitched ringing in his ears that reminded him of being back in the arid desert of Afghanistan, where the air was hotter than the dirt. John didn’t want this to happen now, but what did he expect when he went out looking for him? John knew exactly why he was out here.
Sherlock delves into his mind palace and fights to delete the file that makes him fear John.
Sherlock stepped back and draped his coat over the stool. “I don’t see why not,” Sherlock laughed with his arms spread. He looked delicious as always dressed in dark blue. “If it’s a matter of cleanliness, don’t worry. I sterilized the lab this morning.” John stared at him in disbelief.
John is not very nice.
John had trouble hiding the smile that pulled at his cheeks, but he glanced down at his feet to recover his thoughts for his heart was swelling so much it hurt his chest, and by God, it was distracting.
“I apologize for speaking to you in the manner I did at the surgery. I was angry.”
John shook his head and accepted the tea from Sherlock. As he drank, he considered that he had almost tried to find an answer to that question. He had been on the edge and gave too much thought to the idea. It was a dangerous path to continue down, and he had to be more careful not to venture down there again.
“Well, it sounds like you have several problems that can be traced back to anxiety. I suggest that you see a therapist about that. I’m sure that everything will clear up after seeing one.” The woman frowned a bit, but finally nodded.
John stood suddenly and was startled by Sherlock’s presence. He hadn’t realized he had been standing there.
,” Sherlock growled.
John had difficulty falling asleep. Every time he closed his eyes, he jerked awake at the sight of the hot Afghanistan sun. He gritted his teeth and hoped that exhaustion would take over.
Sherlock smiled to himself. He wondered what Victor looked like after John was done with him.
Case after case, running after suspects, Sherlock’s coat flapping behind him, he had never felt so alive. Some days were more difficult than the others; the lows after a case outlasted the highs. While Sherlock slept after a case, John laid in bed, wrapped in his sheets, and stared at the side wall for hours on end until he went downstairs to scald his tongue on tea. That’s when his Sig’s call would gain strength. He would stare at the bedside drawer that held it from his doorway. It had a life of its own.
“I’m done. I should leave.” Sherlock nearly sprinted to the door.
“I wanted to kill myself,” John blurted.
Down in the morgue, the icy eyed stranger took a riding crop to a dead man. He was panting hard by the end of the thwacking and rolled his shoulders. His hair was a mess of dark curls when he turned to face the window, jotting down notes in a little black notebook. He looked up and met John’s stare instead of Molly’s. John was finally able to get a good look at him. The man was tall and svelte with sharp cheekbones and perfectly defined heart-shaped lips. He had reasonably dark circles under his eyes, stark against his pale skin. John decided that his features were hawk-like, and wondered if the man was as predatory.
John cupped Sherlock’s jaw. “Okay, that’s okay. You can keep everything on.” John thought for a little bit. Sherlock has always had delicate senses, which made him a great detective, but maybe too much contact was just that: too much.
John turned against Sherlock and pressed his mouth into Sherlock’s softly. Their kisses quickly became more urgent, pressing their bodies harder into each other. John reached in between them and cupped Sherlock’s aching cock. Sherlock gasped into the other man’s mouth. He slid away from John’s lips and licked and mouthed at the spot behind his jaw. John continued to palm Sherlock through his bottoms.
Sherlock lifted his hands to cup John’s tanned face. Oh how beautiful he was- the man that anchored him. Every line, furrow, freckle, and pore was perfect under Sherlock’s scrutinizing gaze. Those awful jumpers made him look soft and meek when he obviously knew otherwise. Of course, Sherlock could deduce him. John wasn’t a difficult man; he wore his life story like he did those jumpers. What made him so unordinary- even by Sherlock’s standards- was John’s natural ability to deceive everyone with his appearance. A middle-aged ex-army doctor with a proclivity for unassuming clothing was hardly worth a second glance, but underneath all of that was a man who craved excitement, adrenaline. He could shoot a man with unwavering quickness and steady hands. He was solid, earthy, and real. John was something to hold onto when Sherlock disappeared into the confines of his own mind.
John pulled him closer, faintly aware of the eyes on them from the center of the crime scene. “I know that you need to take a breather. Lestrade doesn’t seem to be in the mood to let you steamroll over him.”
Sherlock stepped into his mind palace where Mary didn’t exist and John would press against his back in bed, laying gentle morning kisses into his hair. John would nuzzle into Sherlock’s neck, sliding his hands into the waistband of his pajama pants and caressing the spot where his hip met his thigh.
“Well, you’ve been really awful to him, John. Wouldn’t you agree?”
Sorry for the long wait yet again. I promise I'll try to get chapters out faster and regularly.
“I’m sorry, Sherlock. I just got a little bit dizzy is all,” he soothed. “You’re just perfect. Come here,” he motioned over. Sherlock sat on the arm of the chair, leaning down into John’s neck. John ran his fingers down Sherlock’s neck and whispered sweet words in his ear.
“I see that you’ve taken another day off today,” he spoke into his cup. “Are we going to be expecting unemployment benefits soon?” John switched his cup to his other hand since he couldn’t bring it to his mouth without it trembling.
John smirked and shook his head. “You’re a bloody psychopath.”
“Can you walk?” Sherlock nodded. “Right.” John was about to open the stall door when he grabbed Sherlock’s hand. “Did you enjoy yourself?”
“Eat,” John commanded. Sherlock frowned but gave in and sat up. “What makes a “string of suicides” any different from other suicides,” John asked in between bites of bacon.
“Then you are free to work. I aim to break my record of solving more than twelve cold cases today. I will certainly be preoccupied.”
Hours later, John finally finished his “orientation.” Molly had said that there was really nothing for him to do today until his paperwork was fully processed. John left her with a little wave.
During the entirety of dinner, their eyes never wavered from each other’s except to look down at their own food. They sat across from one another, feet rubbing against each other accidently. After a while though, those “accidental” touches were becoming blatant caresses, sometimes trailing up their pant legs.
John sniffed hard, nostrils flaring and fists clenching at his sides. Sherlock knew he was walking on thin ice, but if Mary died, wouldn’t life be easier? John could return to 221B for good and solve cases with him. Their relationship would finally be something serious; no more sneaking around and wishing John would press ever so much closer into him.
“Why don’t we test it out? What am I thinking, then?”
“I thought I would be the more difficult flatmate to live with,” Sherlock rumbled. John’s eyes snapped toward the still reclining figure.
Sherlock hadn’t realized that he had frozen, but now, he pressed his forehead to John’s and gave him a simple smile.
Sherlock dove for his mouth with increased vigor, biting at the other man’s lip and entangling his dexterous fingers in his short blond-grey hair. It only took a few seconds for John to start his hand up again. He eased Sherlock higher up the metaphorical mountain again before pumping fast enough to break Sherlock’s mouth away from his. Sherlock’s head was thrown back. Damp curls stuck to his forehead and the side of his face. His breathing was quick, and John would worry that he would hyperventilate if it wasn’t for how close the brunet was.
John wrapped his fingers around Sherlock’s and gave a gentle squeeze. “I’m not. I’m hurt that you would do this to yourself, but I’m more worried about you and what this man has done to you. My feelings are not important right now.” As John spoke, Sherlock looked away toward the wall and tried his best to contain the heart-wrenching sobs that threatened to rip through his throat. John placed his other hand over their joined fingers, and it broke him.
, John thought to himself. John settled with a warm cuppa in the chair once more. He let out a pleased sigh as he watched Sherlock settle onto the couch in his prayer pose again.
“Then why say it?”
Sherlock knew that this was the end of their relationship.
“I want to see you.”
“And it was there, outside of Bart’s, that I met Mary. I thought it was fate’s way of saying that it wasn’t my time yet, and I went with it.” John pressed his palms into his eyes, trying to shove back the memories of a false marriage. “But then you turned up again, and God! I should have known that you would not leave me. I wanted to believe in the long glances you’d give me or the gentle way you would touch me when you weren’t watching your movements. I was furious for a few days, but all I could think about was that crooked smile of yours and how you get less and less funny the more uncomfortable you feel.
Then there was Sherlock, who brought the war to him.
Sherlock had caught him countless times standing in the doorway.
“I do forgive you. I forgive your treatment toward me, your marriage to Mary, your ignorance toward my feelings for the majority of our flatshare.” Sherlock sat up properly, drawing his legs back toward him. He leaned forward with his elbows on his knees. John admired the ease in which Sherlock moved.
When John had stepped in front of Sherlock at the pool, Sherlock’s heart sank. How had he not deduced that it was John behind everything? He must’ve missed something. He had been letting his attachment to the army doctor get in the way. John’s heart beat in his throat. He hoped that Sherlock would find a way out of this, out of the Semtex vest. It felt as if his heart would set it off it beat so hard.
John panted in front of the fireplace, robe in tatters along with the stuffing of his chair, trembling in his boxers and tee. From behind, John looked small. Sherlock would never describe the man that way normally, but with his shoulders slumped and quivering, he looked almost fragile.
Sherlock thought quietly to himself. He couldn’t remember what exactly it was that allowed Moriarty’s venom to taint John’s memory, but he knew that he succeeded in deleting it. He was positive that it was for the best.
With Sherlock gently snoring away on the couch, John rose from his light doze and stumbled to where his jeans lay crumpled in a heap on the floor. He put on his bottoms and quietly went upstairs.
“Did he get any hits in?”
“I’ve not felt pain like that in years.”
“I suppose your relapse wasn’t enough for John to contact me.”
“I suppose I was never good at hiding things from you,” John laughed, eyes catching the light of the growing flame in Sherlock’s hand. John threw his pistol to the floor beside the bed and removed his suit jacket. Sherlock let the burning paper fall to the floor.
Sherlock tried to hide his coloring face, but John reached up and cupped his jaw. “I want to see and feel all of you.”
“I could go through all the details if you’d like,” John raised his hand in objection.
“What brought this on?” John didn’t answer Mrs. Hudson’s question, hoping that she would put two-and-two together.
“Sherlock,” Victor sighed gently. “Your face couldn’t possibly get any longer.”
But here, there was no Sherlock.
At the next floor, Sherlock threw his body into John’s door, but it did not budge. He rattled the locked doorknob. John reached the top step, not a single hair out of place.
When John woke, his back ached and his hand burned.
“It was none of your business.”
Sherlock pressed his hands together and placed them under his chin. “The nicotine helps me think.”
“Can I look at you, Sherlock? I want to see how bad it all is.” Sherlock watched John’s mouth move. It moved so beautifully around his words. He could watch John talk forever.
“Colleagues of some sort. I work at St. Bart’s.” John tried to push through, gut wrenching again, but the woman held strong.
Sherlock glanced at him through his lashes. John’s heart fluttered.
Lestrade smoothed his shirt. “So many years at the Yard has made me pretty intuitive.”
Please let me know if there are any typos! Again, I hope you enjoyed this chapter, and there will be more to come! <3
“Please, John.”
John didn’t find himself to be even remotely insulted. “So cocaine is a bit not good,” he started.
“Count wha-” John’s fist to his face interrupted him. John eyed him expectantly. Tears sprung to Victor’s eyes; blood dripped from his nose and mouth.
“Very good.”
“Sherlock,” John interrupted, turning onto his back.
“We would have to rely on the Yard to drive us around for leads.”
“You know what.” Sherlock rolled his eyes at him. “When are you going to ask? Now that you’re a romantic, I mean.”
