"You want to know who did it, Dean?" Castiel asked desperately. "Why you can't protect me from them?"
a casting couch thing, Meg? I can't compete with someone who can take Cas all over the world, someone who can help his career and I don't want to hold him back from doing what he loves. I won't be the albatross around his neck."
So Cas added it in, chanting it like a prayer that he would never forget even when his boyfriend made him pull over and move into the passenger seat because Cas was obviously getting sleepier and sleepier the closer they got to Kansas. He was saying them as he dozed off, seeing Dean's face backlit only by the stars that lent their light to the glow of the headlights that illuminated the interior of the car.
He started the car and grinned sheepishly at the man beside him when The Police started blaring from the radio. Castiel smiled at him, pushing his glasses farther up the bridge of his nose and sinking down low in the seat as he scooted closer to Dean.
I hope this is helprul and you enjoy! Updates will be posted once a week on Saturdays until its finished. I've already got quite a few episodes written so I hope to write and stay ahead of my posting schedule. If that changes I will let you know.
"That's on Tuesdays and Thursdays, along with abuse survivors and then either Andy or Lisa come by to do art or music therapy because those days are like really heavy for some people here. They end up being a way for people to try to decompress after those sessions."
"I figured you could take him home 'cause I need to grab some books and stuff I left at Ash's house." Jo explained trailing up the stairs after Ash. "I'll see you later Cas. Bye Garth."
a morning person," Balthazar announced as he meandered into the kitchen, thankfully clad in a pair of oversized pajama pants with his silk robe knotted loosely around his waist. "So caffeinate me first and then we'll come up with a way to fix your little romance drama so that you can come back to work."
His heart sank a little bit when Dean stopped himself from calling Cas sweetheart, it was by far his favorite endearment that the other boy used for him. He liked how Dean's voice would twang in a distinctly southern way just a little bit when he said it and he could almost picture his boyfriend dressed up in a pearl snap shirt and cowboy boots when the pet name was uttered.
"Do what?" she replied innocently, tucking her hair behind one of her ears, the force of her gaze transferring to her friend in front of her.
"I don't ever want to hear you say his name again," his father ordered, reaching into his back pocket and tossing a small roll of trash bags in Dean's direction. "Just pack up his shit and let's get the hell out of here. I have a job to finish in Eudora and you're coming with me. At least until I'm sure you've learned your lesson."
"No," Missouri answered slowly, waiting a beat as she filed away how Cas's shoulders dropped in defeat and he shook his head in confusion before adding, "But he did give it to me."
It was slow and each word hit him right it in the gut. It was by far the longest song on the B-side of the tape and he found himself sitting in the Impala looking up at his apartment complex like it had taken no time at all to get there and listening to the words as his heart beat unsteadily in his chest.
Dean's phone chirped from his pocket and he rushed to silence it as Bobby turned a murderous eye on him.
"What do you mean pack a bag?" Dean asked, levering himself up into a sitting position so that he could prop his back against the cushion of his bare mattress. "I have school on Monday, I've already missed a week. I can't miss any more or they aren't going to let me graduate."
It was going to be bad if he went, especially now that he didn't have his Meg shaped safety net to fall back on; he was going to do or say something stupid that would weird the other patient out and he would be left with no one to talk to. Because Dean would tell Charlie about his uncomfortable, unreciprocated crush (weren't all of his crushes like that?) and Charlie would tell Becky and Becky would tell Ash until everyone on the ward either felt sorry for him or were making fun of him behind his back. As far as he knew, Dean had no Muriel to save him from how potentially awkward this could all be if he tried to hang out with the other man alone.
The thought of his brother's reaction made him panicky, made breathing in the thick steamy air of the shower unbearable and too much to handle so Castiel cut his shower short and threw on the new clothes that he had picked out before going to toss the ones that Gabriel had lent him back into his room.
"Who said I can't finish it?" Dean replied lowly, sucking Castiel's earlobe into his mouth and nibbling on it slightly.
"So why'd she stop?" Dean asked, frowning at his sketchpad for a second before he reached down to smudge his thumb across the page.
"DEAN, GET THE FUCK UP!" Jo shouted, pulling on the blanket that he had wrapped himself up in like a cocoon and kicking at his mattress, her pony tail bouncing as she moved. "We're going to be late for the movie and you promised you would do this with me!"
Dean pouted for a moment and finished off the last warm dregs of his beer. He debated for a second before he decided with a nod that, yes, he needed another drink. That felt like the best idea he had had all night. He pushed himself to his feet unsteadily, ignoring Cassie's cry of disappointment as her legs fell back to the floor and waving her off when she made to follow him.
The larger boy cupped Castiel's face and he felt like Dean was looking at him like he really was an angel or a saint or something for having survived something like that. He didn't have the heart to tell him about what else had been done to him, at least not tonight. Castiel would wait to see how much Dean actually wanted this before he burdened his friend with anything else.
"I do pretty ok," an amused voice said, its owner coming out the door with his eyebrows waggling suggestively. The man stopped short when he saw the destruction in his path, a confused frown settling on his face as he looked up and up (and up when he turned his gaze to Sam)to the two men in front of him.
"Where did you get off to last night?" Charlie asked, crossing her legs underneath herself and pulling one of the throw pillows into her lap. "Keep in mind that you stole my car and I've low jacked that sucker so you can tell me or I can look it up online. Honesty is easier."
"Let me get this out, babe. I'm just as new at all of this as you are, but um…I haven't not liked the things that we've already been doing so I'm fine with just seeing where things go from there. I don't want you to feel pressured or like you have to be like the other people that I've…"
"...so Missouri is letting me go to see this lady, Suzy. She specializes in...well, what I have and Missouri thinks it will be a lot better for me than just reciting the Serenity Prayer over and over again in AA." Becky continued, smoothing the collar of her shirt as Crowley and Dick entered the room loudly discussing what sounded like plans for world domination. She got very still when Crowley slowed down as he approached her and dragged his eyes up and down her seated form, but as soon as she had moved on she drew in a shaky breath and accepted Charlie's pat on the shoulder with a tight smile before continuing. "Anyway, it will be good for me to be off the unit more anyway. Missouri says I'll be less prone to certain people here taking advantage of me if I'm gone for most of the day."
It was like flames licking his skin, melting him and reshaping him so that he could fit into Castiel's life in whatever way he could because so far the hiding and the desire to have the other man with him had been nagging at him like sharp corners jutting into his skin. Dean just knew that he couldn't lose Cas, even if he only saw him once a week, hell once a month it would just have to be enough if they could kiss like this whenever they saw each other.
The closer she got though and the more students that she saw in the hallway, talking and laughing and letting out surprised little exhaltations of surprise over gifts that had been left in their lockers, the more Naomi started to doubt that Chuck actually meant the words that he wrote in his letter in the way that she hoped he did. There were a lot of different types of love afterall. Maybe the English teacher had meant philia and storge, the kind of affectionate and familial love that Naomi associated with her siblings and that Chuck probably felt for her since she so often was there to be the shoulder that he leaned on. What if it wasn't eros or agape that the man felt for her? The heady, intoxicating, physical need to have her in his life like Naomi had to be amongst the towering stacks of books that traversed Chuck's apartment like she was always meant to be there. It could very well be possible that she was reading more between the lines of his handwritten letter than he meant for her to simply because she wanted to.
"Well the house is simply stunning, Crowley." Balthazar said from where he was standing leaned up against one of the counters with a glass of the wine that they had been drinking with dinner in his hand. "I hope you appreciate everything this man does for you, James. Most actors would kill for an agent like him."
"C'mon," he said climbling to his feet and offering Dean a hand up. His heart fluttered, like it always did when he was around the other boy when Dean took it and pulled himself to his feet, stumbling slightly and bumping into Castiel. "I've got your tape in the car."
"No," Dean said giving the boy a confused look and surreptitiously trying to shake off the way his skin was crawling where Michael had touched him. "I'm Dean."
"No!" Castiel screamed, shaking Dean hard enough to cause the other man to gasp in pain if he were still alive.
“I noticed,” Dean said nodding at Cas’s untouched glass of water before he reached for his own beer glass and noticed it had been swapped out as well. “Aw, beer...no.”
"It's the furthest thing from my mind," Balthazar said readily, heading up the stairs with a pointed look towards the bedroom Crowley had disappeared into. "Now if you'll excuse me, someone's feelings have been hurt and I know just the best way to make him feel better."
"You think I need protecting, Uncle Bobby?" Sam asked, clearing his throat when it came out rough with emotion and weak sounding.
"Maybe that's not a good idea, Dean. I…uh…I know that you're used to certain…things…happening when you spend the night with people and I uh…I'm not ready to do that." The smaller boy stammered out reaching for his shoes on the floor.
"Shut up!" his girlfriend said covering her face with her hands and stalking out behind Gilda who was muttering about wanting to rip her eyes out.
Lexi sighed heavily, turning her face so that she could press her ear against the place where Benny’s heart was thumping a wild tattoo that matched her own rapidly beating heart. As much as she wanted this, just this simply being held by someone who she believed would never take advantage of her, it just seemed to wildly impossible. Eve would never let her have this, especially with a client.
"Give it ten minutes," Cas said settling down on the edge of the naturally made ledge and letting his legs dangle off of the sides. He patted the spot beside him and Dean collapsed heavily on to the ground, leaning back a bit on his hands as his breathing evened out.
Dean is entranced as he watches the other man speak, watches his slightly wild gestures even though he is obviously trying to be professional, and watches the way his too blue eyes take on a fiery depth that make an answering spark ignite in Dean’s belly.
Dean nodded, handing the other man back the soggy towel in exchange for his jacket and his shoes that he picked up instead of putting them on over his dripping socks.
"I just meant the room, Meg." Castiel replied, looking around at Dean's band posters, now framed and spaced more evenly throughout the room, at the new lamp that he had bought the other boy that had a clapper so neither one of them would have to get out of bed to turn the light off because once the bed was all toasty and warm they always bickered and cajoled each other to try to see who's turn it was to do it.
It was then that Dean noticed Castiel enter the room, the agitated look the boy was wearing morphed into wide-eyed shock as Chuck unceremoniously poured a large splash of alcohol into one of the many coffee mugs hidden amongst the papers on his desk. It was a widely known fact to the rest of the student body that Chuck had to be sober to write, but buzzed to teach. Otherwise the instructor would stammer and stutter his way through every lesson. Dean thought the teacher was amazing, if a little strange.
"I asked him to play something by The Beatles, I know you like them." Castiel murmured, focusing on the way Dean's eyes flittered over his face and letting himself get lost in how the other boy 's hands felt on him and made dancing together so much more wonderful than he had thought it could be.
Castiel moaned and clutched at Dean's shoulders as the larger man started ghosting kisses down his chest, stopping to lavish attention on the dark, pert nipples and kiss the small moles that dotted the pale, board expanse of chest and stomach beneath him. Dean could feel his own erection throbbing as he reached the dark trail of hair leading down from Cas's belly button to mysterious places under those tight black boxers.
As he anxiously fidgeted with the coffee maker in the kitchen, Castiel tried not to fret too much about how queasy and heartsick he had felt seeing Balthazar treating Crowley better than he had been treating Dean this entire time. Sure, the director had a reputation as a love 'em and leave 'em type, but Cas was beginning to realize that he shouldn't just assume things about any relationship; not even his own.
“Roger that, Dr. Sexy.” The girl giggled, waggling her eyebrows at Castiel as the pair quickly started down the hall together. She paused for a second to call back to him though and the man she was with finally spared a glance his way, smirking at him causing crinkles to form at the corners of his green eyes as Castiel watched them go. “Hope they fix what’s wrong with you!”
"I wish I knew astrology," Cas said suddenly, stopping by one of the few picnic tables that wasn't situated under the large oak trees that the park sported. He hopped up onto the table top and leaned back so that he was lying down with his feet hanging off of the end and his head was close to the center of the wooden table. "You know, more than just the North Star or the Big Dipper."
So now here Dean is, hating everything about the situation from the paper gown that he’s wearing along with the fitted UnderArmour briefs he only wore for work to the cheery mass-produced artwork that is framed on the walls. It smells like antiseptic and powdered latex and Bengay, which is making him slightly nauseous. He’s got goosebumps from waiting in the subzero exam room when the nurse told him the doctor would be ‘just five more minutes’ half an hour ago.
Castiel asked confusedly, but all Dean could hear was his boyfriend trying to change the subject and it felt like just another thing that the actor was hiding just like he was hiding him and when was it going to end.
Dean had spotted him leaning against the chain link fence separating the track and football field from the bleachers and waved at Cas excitedly, taking the opportunity to do so while Coach Uriel was busy shouting direction to the defensive linemen. Castiel had noticed that Dean's own position on the team usually meant that he was running and catching the ball that was thrown at him by Alistair. Though the two boys weren't on friendly terms it seemed that they could put their differences aside for long enough to successfully get the ball to the end zone.
Luckily it happened sporadically enough that the man had only earned the title of being her ‘regular’ because he refused to see anyone else when she wasn’t there; he just came and went after asking around for her, not even lingering for a drink at the bar. And wasn’t it just stupid that the whole routine made her heart quicken just a little?
Dean flexed his fingers, looked at the red marks that the vase had left on his arms and gave his friend a withering look. "I don't want to hook up with some meat head from a gym, Meg."
“Sure thing, Nurse Ratched.” Dean said letting go of Castiel’s hand to salute the other man and then starting down the hallway.
He hated, absolutely hated, when she said his name at the end of every damn sentence. It was probably something they taught in grad school, something to show your patients you cared about them as individuals or some other psychobabble bullshit. He stifled the urge to snatch the legal pad out of her hand and rip it to pieces in her smug, concerned face. "I have joined the ROTC. They march with the band at games on Friday nights."
"Maybe I just want you to be nice to me." Castiel murmured, his cheeks coloring slightly as he looked up at Dean underneath his eyelashes.
"Oh my god," Castiel groaned, burying his face in his hands that smelled of the lemony-scented hand soap that he had just used to wash away the last traces of his indiscretion. "I'm so embarrassed."
Cas made a dash for the bed, settling down against the headboard with a pillow behind his back and the thin, hospital-issued topsheet thrown haphazardly over his thighs so that if someone walked in on him maybe he could pull it up fast enough that they wouldn't see what he was doing, not immediately at least. He allowed himself a muttered curse as his cock sprang free through the 'V' that was created when he carefully eased the zipper of his jeans down; restricted only by the thin fabric of his boxers that slid over his heated flesh like the teasing caress of a first-time lover.
Lexi nodded, rummaging around in the deep pockets on the other man’s coat until she came up with a rumpled gas receipt and a ballpoint pen. Heading over to the nightstand next to the bed, Lexi hastily scrawled her number across the back of the receipt and then turned and held it out to Benny, biting her lip so that she had something else to focus on besides the way her hand was shaking with nerves. There were a lot of things in her life that Lexi could say she wouldn’t mind taking back, but this didn’t feel like one of them.
"I have to wear underwear sometimes, Cas." Dean protested, speaking for the first time and of course it was something fucking snarky and sarcastic that just caused the other man to chuckle at him before leaning in to mouth along the curve of his erection, sucking on him through the coarse fabric and causing Dean to buck desperately into the other man's touch.
Unable to think of anything positive to write, Dean just wrote about all the ways he expected things to change. Not just with Cas, but with everyone. Because it
"Isn't that something that a father does?" he scream-talked into the other girl's hair, watching Dean as Jo pulled him farther onto the dance floor and started to bounce around him as his boyfriend laughed.
The shorter man exhaled loudly, not even realized that he had been holding his breath while Sam had been speaking and felt his mouth forming a trembling smile. "Alright then."
"Are you sure, Castiel?" Gabriel asked sounding apologetic and uncertain. None of his siblings knew how to act around him anymore, not after his mom had died and Castiel just felt more out of place in his patchwork family than ever before.
"Yea, whatever. Arms up, assbutt." Dean scoffed, reaching out to pull the other man's shirt over his head before getting rid of his own.
Dean pressed his face close to the smaller boy's jaw, murmuring softly in a way that Jo was pretty sure she wasn't meant to hear, "You're so sexy when you're full of righteous indignation, sweetheart."
“I have a proposal for you,” Dean’s roommate blurted unexpectedly from where they were both lounging on the couch eating ramen in their boxers on the world’s most depressing Saturday night.
“What do you think?” She asked smirking at him knowingly and crumpling up the now empty trail mix package that she shoved into one of the pockets of her white coat.
Becky paused when Dean stirred against Castiel's shoulder, covering her mouth with her fingertips when Dean frowned and shifted so that his arm that was between them was pressed along the length of Cas's leg, hand curled inwards on his knee. They both watch the other patient until he settled, making sure that Dean wasn't awake before looking back at each other.
Anna asked, sounding smug and snide in all the ways he hated girls to sound when it was directed at him.
"So now you're playing the birthday card?" Castiel asked, biting his lip and reminding himself that he needed to take care of the food and that he had already showered and as much as he wanted to run his hands all over Dean, especially when he had a smear of dirt or grease or something right over his cheekbone making him look rugged and manly and edible, he still had other birthday things to take care of first. "No, you shower. I'll clothes, then food."
He froze where he was shutting the door to her office and tried to will away the panicky, swooping lurch that his heart had given at her words in order to hold on to how the other patient's strong arms had enveloped him and made him feel like he was enough to make someone else happy, even if he couldn't make himself happy. But the panic was winning out and he could feel the warm glow that had been left in his chest fading as he turned slowly to face the therapist. Missouri was already sitting behind her desk, elbows on top of the cluttered surface with her fingers steepled underneath her chin and a calculating expression on her face.
The trip back to the apartment was filled with a tense silence and more than once Gabriel considered just getting in his car and going home to a hot shower where the only Sam Winchester he had to worry about was in his head and more than willing to skip the awkward 'getting to know you' stage.
Jo was seated at the kitchen table, dishing out pieces of birthday cake to anyone who wanted one with the help of Adam who was hovering over her shoulder. Ash was playing quarters at the kitchen counter with some guys from a couple of other schools that he knew from the skate park. Garth was chatting with Anna Novak amicably as he poured her a glass of soda and Cas, well that's what the problem was wasn't it?
"Well now that we're done with our after-school-special moment of the day," Charlie announced, clapping her hands together before she started delicately spreading butter into the crevices of her chocolate chip waffles. "Let's get down to business; I have some ice cream to win off of Dean."
Castiel was pretty sure that you didn't spend your free time ogling your friends. Imagining what it would feel like to hold their hand, how the warm weight of their fingers laced with your own as they leaned over an assignment in Chuck's perpetually dimmed classroom would quite possibly be the most perfect experience ever. Or looking at their lips when they talked or smiled or frowned or hell, did fucking anything that involved that perfect mouth and wondering if the perpetual stubble on Dean's jaw would be just the right about of abrasion to cause him to break out in goose bumps if it brushed again his neck.
Their breathing quickened and both men were groaning and muttering incoherent sweet nothings, making the kind of dopamine-induced declarations of affection that most one night stands regretted in the morning, but right now felt like the most sincere things that either man had ever uttered.
He had seen a lot of things in his lifetime, could vividly remember watching as the primates climbed out of the trees and turned their sticks into weapons and tools, gradually becoming more and more like the humans he knew now over the course of several millennia until he was left with Dean Winchester. Castiel had seen more things about Dean than any other angel, had seen how his soul had burned brightly in hell even though it had already started to fade from the bright, emerald silver that it was now into something tarnished and blackened with the imprints of the souls that he had tortured creeping like a flesh eating virus over the surface of Dean's psyche; it had taken years before the scars of his 40 years had finally started to fade.
“People like you are the reason why Starbucks is taking over,” Charlie groused, abandoning Dean as a hopeless cause as she moved to wipe down the shop’s expensive espresso machine.
"What do you call him?" Dean asked gesturing with his chin towards the kitchen window that faced the backyard. "Mr. Collins? James? You know that's just a stage name, right?"
The kitchen led into a formal dining room that faced the back of the house, with it's view of the ocean outside of the wide bay windows, a feature that reminded Castiel of his own kitchen and breakfast nook back in L.A. and he smiled when Dean nodded approvingly because he could almost picture the other man eating cereal and drinking coffee with him as they watched the morning sunrise in his backyard.
Dean swallowed hard and sauntered over to Cas with as much steadiness as he could muster. The light coming through the doorway made Castiel look like he was glowing, every eyelash standing out sharply and each tiny movement magnified a million times over for Dean. The way the other boy licked his lips nervously as Dean approached made him feel like the breath had been knocked out of him and his fingers tingled in a way that was similar to the pins and needles feeling of blood rushing back into a limb that had fallen asleep.
"I want to, sweetheart." Dean protested softly, reaching for him again only to frown in confusion when the other boy shook his head and grabbed his hand instead; lacing their fingers together in the space between them. "Why not, Cas?"
Cas responded by levering himself up over Dean and guiding his cock to his loosened hole, sinking down on to him with nothing more than his weight and a groan before he leaned down to kiss Dean using his teeth and his tongue in that way that just drove him crazy. He could feel the other boy clenching around him, adjusting to the new position that they hadn't tried yet before relaxing and taking him in until Dean's balls were nestled firmly against Castiel's ass.
"Don't think I don't know what you did there," Missouri said, wiping away the moisture from the corners of her eyes as her laughter turned to chuckles. "And its called deflection. Do you often use humor to change the direction of a conversation when it starts making you uncomfortable?"
"What the hell?" Dean mumbled, running his palms over the unfamiliar blanket that was covering the bed that was way too big to actually be his in a room that was entirely too clean and grown up looking to be in his tiny, depressing, empty apartment.
"It's okay," he admitted after a long minute of debate because no one had flat out asked him before if he liked what he was going to school for. Most people just assumed that he did because of how much time he spent focusing on school and nothing else; talking about it, breathing it, fuck injecting it straight into his cerebellum practically with how often he fell asleep on top of his books while he was studying. "I mean, I'm almost done with my Bachelor's so I might as well finish."
"Yea, her mom's up there too; chained to her throne upside down as punishment. There's a lot of Greek constellations. Some are heroes like Perseus and Hercules and stuff and some are bad people being punished for pissing off the wrong deity."
"Just fucking tell us what happened!" He shouted, throwing his hands out to his sides and knocking over a stack of CDs that had been perched precariously on the edge of his desk since the last time Dean had stayed the night.
Castiel looked up to see Crowley leaning against the wall across from him, watching him with a sharkish smile on his face. The other man was all in black today, decked out in dapper looking business casual with the top couple of buttons of his black dress shirt opened at the collar. He felt nothing when he looked at the other man; not the safe, comforting warmth that he felt around Dean or the burning, almost painful desire that he got with Meg. It was just a blankness, the empty nothingness that he had gotten so used to over the past year that he hadn't even realized until now that it hadn't been his constant companion since arriving at the hospital.
Never having had a mother, Castiel is understandably wary of the affection at first, but after a few more weeks and a few more nightmares that end with the same comforting, familial routine, he adjusts.
"My dad is not in the CIA," Garth muttered, sliding over to give his girlfriend room to sit at the table and dropping a kiss on her cheek.
"Thanks, El," Dean mumbled, accepting a pinch on the cheek from the other woman without even a grimace before taking Cas's hand in his and stepping out into the hallway.
So this fic is killing me, once I fix all of the romancy-angsty stuff I can actually get on with the plot of what I set out to do in the first place before I made this whole mess for myself. I can't promise it will be quick or painless, but eventually I will finish this fic even if it kills me.
Cas liked tea though, it was a taste that he had developed over the last four years during his friendship with Balthazar who preferred Earl Grey and his London fogs to the chia and herbal teas that he liked better. Usually he could keep those down so he resolutely opened the tea bag that had been provided for him on the tray, some weird brand that was probably ordered in bulk by the hospital in order to appease all of the different people that they treated.
"You don't still want to..." Dean started softly, gusting out a relieved breath when Castiel shook his head quickly beside him, the determined set of the other boy's jaw letting him know that it was true and he didn't need to know anything else. "Good. Because you don't get to do that, Cas. You don't get to just check out and leave anymore."
"I want you to come for me, Dean." Castiel growled into his lover's ear. He could feel the tingling in his spine and he wanted, no needed to see Dean come undone. God if it was the only good thing he ever did with his life, he needed to give this gorgeous man something to remember him by.
She didn't look back at the building as she unlocked the doors and climbed inside because she knew that the John was watching her, shitty prepaid cell phone pressed against his ear with her boss on the other end who had just told her to keep her fucking mouth shut and get back to Eden, all in that eerily polite voice that made her skin crawl. She could imagine Eve's dead, brown eyes flashing in irritation as the John had explained the bare minimum of the situation to the younger woman; skipping over the parts where he had fucking practically held a gun to her head and made her fuck his son.
"Dean wouldn't do that." Castiel replied defensively. "I've met his dad, remember? He would have too much to lose if it got back to him that he was fooling around with another boy."
"Fuck me, Dean." Castiel groaned, using that filthy perfect mouth to his benefit because he knew that it drove the other man crazy to hear him talk like that. "I want you inside me...want to...fucking hell...feel you come."
It had been nice to come home to find Cas there waiting for him and if he hadn't been so tired he probably would have pushed the other boy up against the wall and started ravaging him right then, but he was exhausted and also would've been fine curling up in his bed and sleeping with the other boy for the next million years or so. Cas was acting weird though and he had cooked for him, which wasn't something that had ever happened before and then he wouldn't let him into his bedroom. Something was going on and Dean still wasn't wholly convinced that a surprise party wouldn't be waiting for him when he got out of the shower.
"Remind me to write that Twilight lady a thank you note later," Gabriel said leering at the younger man who was straddling his legs as they sat on the couch in the Winchester's living room.
They’d been quarantined for ages it felt like. Which really, they were lucky. They both had jobs that they could do from home and their city had several options for grocery and food delivery within an hour. They had their health and all the streaming services and a washer and dryer in their apartment unit. What reason did they ever have to leave?
"So, what? You and Cas broke up or something and you've already moved on? You guys were together like two days ago!"
"Homecoming is where your team comes back to play on their own field after playing away games for a couple of weeks." Jo said beginning to pull fake flowers and beads and shiny stickers out a bag for the hobby store that they had just returned from. "It's always a big deal because it's like when everyone who graduated comes to town to see the game and each day of the week is a different spirit day like 'Beat the Buffalos' and everyone wears bandages and stuff on that day."
“I do know!” Castiel exclaimed, breaking off a piece of chocolate and absently taking a sip of his coffee to go with it. “Maybe you should just be pairing your coffee with food to enjoy it.”
"That's great, Castiel." Rachel beamed; this was why she had spent all of that time huddled over textbooks late at night as her son slept. So that she could reach someone who was drowning and pull them back from the edge.
"Thank you, sir," Castiel replied, snapping off a salute to the older man before turning to Dean with a shrug. "Flowers, easy enough."
Cas knew how his boyfriend felt about gifts, Christmas being the only exception to the rule and even then he knew Dean would be happy with just getting a home-cooked meal and a night away from his dad for the holidays. So that what he told Sam and Gabe to cover, the cooking. And he made a point to have Bobby find some excuse for Dean to be at work that day, some radiator crisis that the older man just couldn't possibly handle by himself and he tried very hard not to feel guilty when the other boy apologized for having to cancel their SAT study date that they had been planning for a week.
Sam waved him off absentmindedly and Dean headed into the building with a shrug, catching Gabriel's reply just as the door closed behind him.
Back then he had just tossed everything into a box because he wanted to get the reminders of what he had lost so fucking fast as far away as he could before he had started crying and begging Cas to stay with him. But now, now he wanted to hold onto everything that Cas had trusted him with; all of the secrets about his past and the possessions that he had left at the apartment because he thought they would be safe there and the tentative plans they had started to make for their future together felt like it was slipping away from him. It could all disappear for good if he pissed off John enough and that was the only thing keeping him from telling his father exactly where he could shove his sudden interest in Dean's life.
“It feels like everything is just building up and it’s this constant pressure that just grinding me into the ground and everyone else can handle it but me. I need some help and my family…I can’t take this to my family. I’m scared. I can’t go back out there because I might do something and I just need some help, Adam. Please, just help me.”
and sue him, Dean was a fucking romantic okay?) followed by a few underwriting spots and then the low, even voice of the hostess was back and it was all Dean could do not to grind his teeth as she greeted Balthazar with warm, unforced affection.
"Yea," he sighed running a tired hand over his face. Cas figured he should probably do damage control, especially if he wanted to help Sam out by allowing him to tell Dean in his own time, a luxury that hadn't been afforded to Castiel when everything came out.
He shrugged and tried to put on his most noncommittal face when he felt the other boy's hand's slide under the waistband, pulling the material away from his skin with a soft sound of suctioning from the wet fabric peeling off of him. They dropped wetly onto the shower floor and Cas kicked them away with an agitated frown creasing his forehead when they got tangled around his foot for a second. Dean just laughed and pulled the other boy closer, biting back a groan when his hips met the other boy's as they embraced.
The room was so silent that you could hear a pin drop and that Novak kid's mouth had dropped open in shock. Yea he probably wasn't used to getting these kind of lectures at that fancy private school he came from, but if Pam was going to do this, probably get in even more trouble for treating her students like the adults they were about to be, well then everyone was going to hear it whether or not they were too innocent to even consider doing whatever had happened in her classroom that left semen streaked on the wall and floor a couple of feet in from the door.
"Can't really rub my back if I'm laying on it," Castiel croaked out, feeling like he should cover himself up and like the other man had to be kidding him in some way because no one wanted him, no one ever even looked at him twice.
"That's bullshit and you know it. I would've pulled you and Cas aside and pushed your faces together until you two figured your fucking shit out. Seriously, you two have been dancing around each other since you met and it was reaching sickening levels of frustrating for the rest of us."
"You have no idea," Castiel replied putting his own head down on the other boy's. "Anyway, I thought he really liked me and even though he would barely talk to me around his friends and he only showed up at my room way after curfew to see me. I was happy for a bit. It was like I was the only one who knew the real Daniel and he didn't push me to meet my family or ask me about why I didn't go home for the holidays. Now I think it's just because he didn't care, because I would see him around school with this girl, Lillith, and he would treat me like I didn't exist."
Castiel watched wide eyed as Garth rushed in and put himself between Dean and the other two men, reaching out to put a hand on his shoulder before stopping himself when Dean flinched away from his outstretched hand.
Castiel nodded robotically, his face expressionless as tears began to track silently down his cheeks again. Sam felt useless because he couldn't even begin to think of how to help any of them, Gabe wasn't going to let him go after Dean himself and Bobby would kill him if he found out that he did it anyway. No, the only thing that Sam could do was wait and it was the worst kind of torture.
"Okay, we'll fast track it then," Charlie continued, shifting around on the bed until she could stretch her legs out a little bit in front of her. "Um…I had just been evicted, hearing voices, fired, blahblahblah. That's where we're at, so yea. I um…I was homeless, like for real this time because no shelter would take me in if I was talking to myself. They thought that maybe I was dangerous and I probably was, I mean I was so scared that someone would steal the little bit of stuff I had left that I probably would have killed someone if they had touched me.
No, the problem here was really the age thing. If he had met a 16 year old girl in his sociology class and taken a liking to her, well then her parents might be slightly surprised but not overly scandalized by the fact that he was a 20 year old college freshman and guardian of his two siblings wanting to steal their darling child's virtue. He didn't dare allow himself to hope that Sam's gruff looking older brother would be quite as accepting of the fact that a manther was lusting after his baby bro.
"Mmmm," his boyfriend had hummed against the small of his back, pulling the fabric of Castiel's boxers over the swell of his backside before nibbling at the newly revealed flesh. Cas could feel the cupid's bow smile against his skin even as he gasped from the not really painful sting of Dean's teeth. "What else did they warn you about me?"
He couldn't breathe. Where had all of the air gone? It was just here a minute ago, the room had literally been full of it and now it felt like he was in a vacuum or space because his lungs just wouldn't work and he was going to pass out. Dean Winchester was going to faint like a girl from Victorian England whose corset was laced too tight and it still wasn't going to be the most embarrassing thing he had ever done.
Burning popcorn was the final tip-off though, because Cas had been right there watching it, seeming uber-concerned and anxious when Dean left him alone in the kitchen to go to the bathroom before they started the movie. When that alarm had gone off while he was washing his hands he had just sighed and smiled before shaking his head and going out to help the other man air out the apartment while Meg called in an order for Chinese food instead. The third time couldn't be explained away and Dean had just kissed Cas when he tried to stammer out an apology because it was just so unbelievably adorable.
Both of his siblings knew about his blind date with Adam's cousin, but he still hadn't worked up the nerve to tell Jo that he was not going to keep waiting on Dean even though he would wait forever if that's how long it took for the other boy to even consider being with him. But in his therapy session with Rachel on Thursday they had talked a lot about being assertive and taking chances on things so he hadn't told Adam to cancel the date even though Cas didn't know if he could go through the entire night trying to be charming and witty when his heart wasn't really in it.
There it was again, another woman talking to him about sacrifice, like he hadn't already given up enough when he left Pontiac and his few friends at Lake Forrest in order to escape his father and Raphael. But that had been more out of self-preservation and less about a genuine sacrifice, like the ones that Gabriel and Anna had made by picking up their lives and moving to another state for him. Like Dean who was putting his relationship with his own father in jeopardy for wanting to be with him.
The actor smiled mischievously at him before diving back in to press himself against Dean's back, catching his mouth with an awkward over the shoulder kiss that was more teeth and tongues than actual lips, but Dean was past the point of caring when he felt Castiel slip a thigh through his own and heard the snap of the lube opening behind him. He hissed a bit when he felt the cool, slickened fingers of the other man probing and rimming around his entrance, but he was much more used to it than Cas was so Dean pressed back eagerly onto the intrusion, biting his lip when he felt the first finger slip past the tight ring of muscle and move inside of him.
He started towards homeroom and glanced down one of the side hallways as he passed, spotting his best friend talking to Becky at her locker, ignoring the other students rushing around as the other girl reached into her locker for something. Dean smiled widely and veered off his path to meet Cas so that he could walk with him to Mrs. Barnes's class.
A mixture of relief and fear washed through him, something out there was giving him a second chance, fate was bringing him back to Dean. The next time he saw him he was going to make sure he got to say goodbye.
"Dude, when did you get a job?" Dean asked, ushering the younger boy into the house and taking the pizza out of his hands, leading Kevin through to the living room and Sam who was frowning at his phone like it had personally offended him.
“Heading out?” Dean heard a gruff voice behind him ask as he went to retrieve his backpack from the tiny, dingy breakroom/office that had been haphazardly slapped on the side of Bobby’s shop several years earlier during a particularly toasty spring break when John had failed to come through yet again with his promises of a father/son camping trip for the two boys.
Thankfully it wasn't, but Rufus still gave him a weird look as he shuffled back to his bed and wrapped himself back up in his blankets mumbling something about "crazy ass white boys" that Castiel whole-heartedly agreed with. Once he was sure the other man was fully ensconced in his hospital issued bed linens, Castiel sat down on the edge of his bed, gnawing on a piece of loose skin that had started to peel off of his lips that were chapped from constantly biting and licking them anytime he was nervous, which was most of the time.
"You sound anything but fine," the therapist declared, not scoffing at him exactly, but Castiel could readily imagine the way the other woman's lips thinned when she was displeased that he wouldn't share with her. "I'm patient, Castiel. I can wait right here until you're ready to talk to me."
"Are we done with the dramatic build up, Charlie?" Dean asked teasingly behind him, the tone of his voice causing Castiel to grip harder onto the pillow in his lap and press it tightly into his lap in an effort to make his erection disappear from just sheer force of will alone. Unfortunately, the pressure on his over-sensitive member had the opposite effect, making it twitch and pulse expectantly in his jeans because finally it was getting some attention; attention that caused him to gasp and caused Dean's hands to still on his shoulders.
"Would you two shut up?" Crowley asked, pointing a stern finger at the iPad and looking pointedly at the picture that was displayed across the small screen. "Who is that, James?"
"Okay, that." Charlie started, pointing at him knowingly before her face fell again and she dropped her hand back down to her side. "That I can't explain, but he did do the drawing of the tea cup and the glasses for you, because of you. Wait, hold on. Don't fucking move, Cas."
"Your public support of their relationship will go a long way towards easing any negative feelings the public might have towards them, but honestly its about planting that seed of acceptance with your fans," Crowley explained simply. "It might also be a good idea to show support to a few LGBTQ organizations of your choosing, preferably local, but I know you have contacts in Boston from your wilder days so my only request is that it be youth oriented because that panders more to public sympathy. Also I know the bleeding-heart liberal in you enjoys that kind of thing."
"Homecoming dance. Remember, Dean? You go every year, I can't believe you forgot. Adam and I are going and you've got a date too, right Ash?"
Sam had found it difficult to leave the company of the floppy haired man sitting next to him and had been extra grumpy to his older brother that day, Dean had written it off as the test Sammy had to take being harder than the younger boy had been expecting. After that day, he found himself seeking out Gabriel as soon as he walked into their class, which was silly because they always sat in the same seats anyway. Sam felt his heart beating quicker when the other man smiled at him or let him in on one of the pranks he was planning to pull on another one of his instructors or a student.
He slowed his thrusts, moving his hand that was around Dean's chest up to cup the other man's jaw and tilt his head so that Castiel could speak right into his ear.
Meg did this to him too, twisted around the things he was talking about so the conversation got back to what was going on with her and he couldn't remember what story he had been trying to tell her in the first place. Girls must have a special class in school to learn how to do this shit because all of the guys he knew just talked and didn't layer everything with subtext like females did. It was always so confusing and frustrating that sometimes he wished he really were gay so he didn't have to deal with it anymore.
"I'm sorr-"Castiel began only to be startled back so his head rapped sharply against the door when Dean angled his face and moved in closer until the larger man's body was what was pressing him into the wood at his back instead of just his hands.
"It's okay," Castiel said weakly, shaking his head and wiping away the few tears that had slipped out. He looked at Dean, smiling apologetically. "I just...I thought I could handle it."
The smaller woman quirked an eyebrow at him and got into her car. After she started the ignition she cracked her window enough to sing the first couple of lines of the Ghostbusters theme song to him before cackling madly and peeling out of the parking lot.
"Yea, go," Chuck said with a sigh, giving Naomi one last smile as she mouthed 'I'm sorry' at him and turned to follow Tessa who had already set off back down the hallway. "I'll just...go back to molding the minds of the future and stuff, don't mind me."
It was part of the reason why he didn't want to have sex with Cas in the Impala, because car sex while hot as hell and it got the job done, was also not very comfortable and awkward when they might get interrupted. Dean liked to take his time with the other boy, make sure they both enjoyed themselves and didn't get a charliehorse or something from being bent like a pretzel in the back of a car. He wasn't opposed to having sex pretty much anywhere else, but the car was something he used for hookups and one night stands and he didn't want to associate those times with Cas in any way.
"Oh, I'm really terrible at tennis so I hope they don't keep that as Guy's profession. I can bowl, but I don't think that's quite as glamorous. No, I have no idea who they have cast as Bruno yet. Ideally? I would love to work with Zachary Quinto, but I think he may be busy with other projects."
"God, just fuck off already, Brick," the woman said with a huff, pushing ineffectively at her companion's bicep. "You haven't let me go to the bathroom by myself for a week, just give me two minutes."
"Not a fan," the other man replied simply, shaking his hand firmly before tilting his hat back and looking him up and down with a scrutinizing squint. "Not yet anyways, I'll give you the benefit of the doubt for now though since my boy seems to like you so much. Go on then, I'll make myself scarce. Just point me towards the caterer and you two can come get me when you're ready to go."
"Gross," the other man commented, but all Cas could see was the disapproving expression on Rufus's face as the older man looked at him from across the room. "I'll tell them, just...feel better dude."
Cas gave him an unconvinced look and stepped away from him as they entered the cafeteria, moving towards the line to get his food. “Either way, I think it would be better if I sat somewhere else today. Enjoy your lunch, Dean.”
That didn't stop the older man from pouring himself a few fingers of whiskey from a bottle of the good stuff that he kept in his desk before going to sit in his favorite armchair because Bobby had the feeling that he was definitely going to need it.
“How long have you been feeling suicidal?” The man asked, picking up a metal clipboard that had a whole new bunch of forms attached to it, flipping through it mechanically and jotting down some random jibberish that probably could only be read by doctors. Castiel knew that he couldn’t read Balth’s handwriting to save his life and he thought that the chicken-scratch had to be a prerequisite for wanting to be pre-med.
"I want to," Cas said, stepping close and kissing Dean's cheek causing the larger boy to shiver from the barely there touch of the other boy's lips. "You'll have to lead though and I may step on your feet so I'm going to apologize in advance for that."
"I must be doing something right if you're giving me my present early," Castiel muttered, pressing his face into Dean's neck with a contended sigh.
, the new science teacher is a hottie. Dean had missed his name, but he was looking forward to meeting up with the guy during first lunch and getting to know him in an entirely un-euphemistic way.  Or y’know...whatever happens.
The younger man cleared his throat and blinked his eyes a couple of times before giving the other man a shaky smile, "Thanks Bobby. If we need somewhere…well, it's just good to know Sam has options."
Castiel watched the older man leave, feeling slightly better about Dean, if that was the kind of person who the other boy considered family then maybe John hadn't messed up his son too badly with intolerant assholery. He waved a hand to get Barb's attention and ordered a piece of cherry pie.
"NO!" he yelled, blinking himself back into reality and out of his head where his father's voice was louder and clearer than it had been in months. Chuck's hand was on his shoulder and the older man looked startled and concerned and just the way that adults were supposed to look when you were acting strange and they cared about you. "I mean, I'm sorry. Chuck...I just really need to go. I've just...got to go."
“Alright guys, everyone good?” Charlie asked, doing a thumbs up around the room as she tugged the headphones that she usually wore while filming back onto her ears. “Great, Gabe should be here in five so you all know the drill. Chat, look busy, just act natural.”
“Just pray no one else comes in,” Charlie said breezily as she swanned past Castiel towards the employee lockers along the back wall.
"I know," Dean said, scooting over quickly to make room for Castiel on the couch and patting the recently vacated space next to him. "Come on, you're just in time. I thought you had gone out with the rest of the guys for the night or I would've called you when that singer you liked was on."
He sticks to the funny stuff that’s happened to them instead, even though there isn’t much. The time that Cas suddenly decided he wanted to be a hunter in what was probably the strangest, most surreal case of their lives; the one with that guy who turned stuff into cartoons and Dean had been seriously concerned just for a second that his heart would beat out of his chest when he watched the angel lift up that anvil off of what was left of the security guard at the bank. But then Cas had disappeared again, turning up just to kill Samandriel and making Dean question everything he knew about the angel all over again.
His dad had beaten the shit out of him when his mom had told the older Winchester about Andy Gallagher, thinking it was a cute story that John would laugh at. The bruises had just started to fade when his parents had had their last, big fight and Mary had packed her bags and left for good.
It was a lie, all of it it except for the ROTC part. Meg hadn't been calling him about the wedding, but she's texted him once or twice about all his stuff from Dean's apartment that he had just left there asking if he wanted her to bring it to him. And he's been ahead on his homework since before going to Chicago for the trial, hell he was ahead in pretty much all of his classes without even trying.
"Did he buy you those sheets too or did you pick them out together while you were playing house in the apartment that I was paying for?" John sneered; thumbing the off-button on Dean's phone and shoving it back deeply into the pocket of his jeans.
"We're taking a vote," Charlie said, cutting across the oppressive silence with her nonchalance as she reached out without looking and took Dean's hand in her own. Cas wished that he hadn't opened his mouth to begin with because the other man looked like he was about to cry and it was all his fault. "Brazilian Presidents, suicide via failed political coup, counts? Hands up for yes."
"I was scared there for a second," Castiel muttered, nudging his glasses up using Dean's shoulder and stumbling just a little when the other man barked out a laugh and started tugging him down the hallway towards the rec room; away from all the prying eyes of the other patients who were starting to stare at them for standing so close.
"Awww," Gabriel cooed, hopping up from Sam's lap and batting at the younger Winchester until he gave the older man his cell phone. "Let me get a picture, you two are so cute!"
"Yea, let's head home. I need some coffee and Captain Crunch is sounding pretty good right about now," Dean wrapped an arm around his little brother's shoulders, having to reach up slightly to do so and started to head towards the stairs.
After her last meeting with them she had heard one of them called her an 'ice queen', an insult that had been muttered as she left the room so they could talk about her sister and her family and why she supported such deviant behavior behind her back like a bunch of gossiping sorority girls. She did it for the kids who otherwise wouldn't get a chance to do the little, normal things that they deserved to do. Kids like Gilda and Castiel who just tried to be the best they could even when no one was watching. The Winchester boys who dealt with their miserable father that Naomi had seen once when she went to pick Chuck up from a bar after he had had too much to drink, kids like that deserved to have someone fighting for them.
Dean didn't think that Jo came up for air once the entire movie and maybe that was why he let Aaron kiss him as the narrator's voice recited a poem about the confusion of bees disappearing from their homes as the end credits rolled across the screen. Maybe he felt like he owed it to the other man for having to sit through his friend completely ignoring him the entire afternoon just for Dean's sake.
Honestly, the display shouldn’t have surprised him. It was getting close to fall and the air had a heaviness of an impending rainfall that could come any day. But the sight of the trenchcoated mannequin in the window knocked the wind out of Dean like a punch to the gut. The fact that it was paired with a blue tie and black sacks made matters worse.
Dean was pretty sure that the other man didn’t mean it like that, but it was only the first day and a lot could change over the course of the year.
And she was making an inordinately large amount of house calls, something that had been Eve's idea when business had started to slow down over the holidays and people were less inclined to spend time in a brothel as opposed to with their families; those had been some interesting clients. The paraplegic who had just wanted to make her come, had gotten off on just touching her and holding her and making her feel unashamed about how she made a living like she usually did. The girl that had gotten her as a Christmas present for her boyfriend, to be the third to their threesome that ended up with her watching more than participating because they got off on voyeurism more than anything else.
"You just need some more color or something." Jo said waving her hand abstractedly around in the air. "I'm gonna take you shopping."
Her phone beeped on the table and while Jo was distracted Castiel excused himself to go to the restroom.
The muscles in Dean's jaw clenched and he fixed Castiel with a hard stare before a small hand with red-painted nails settled on the other man's arm and a small dark haired woman pulled Dean to the side to talk in heated whispers. Cas watched, glancing around at the other scattered patrons and smiling sheepishly, as the woman gestured wildly towards where he was standing a couple of times and Dean just stood there shaking his head with his hands on his hips until the woman grabbed his chin and turned it towards Castiel, leaning in to say one last thing to him that made the emerald hardness of Dean's eyes soften towards him for a moment.
“Shouldn’t we do more than just that?” the other man asks once Dean has pulled him out of the throng of students and to a safe, open spot near the cafeteria doors. “They won’t learn their lesson…”
With John out of town so much it was easier to not be broke all the time, Dean ate most of his meals with Bobby or at Cas's house so he had pretty much stopped buying groceries apart from basics. He hadn't had to settle one of his dad's bar tabs in ages and all of the bills were practically nonexistent now that it was just him and Cas hanging around the apartment. Even then most of the time they kept to Dean's room, not even bothering to turn on any lights throughout the rest of the apartment because the other boy liked that they could cuddle up together more comfortably now in the faux full sized bed.
"You should see some of the delivery boys in this neighborhood," Dean said cautiously glancing around the hallway on his floor as he dragged Castiel up the last several steps before pulling the other man into a short, intense kiss. "They're hella buff."
Every single acid word was like a vicious hand twisting the knife of guilt that had been embedded in his chest ever since Mary left. All of this was his fault, John being crazy and Dean having to suffer for his father's sins. If he and John had never...well it was too late to fix those particular regrets, but it may not be too late to fix this before it became another one.
"Nothing," Castiel said quickly, shaking his head and trying to figure out exactly where he had lost control of the conversation; trying not to think of Dean who he had upset by being callous and ungrateful, again.
"I'm not being weird," Dean said sounding offended with a hand pressed to his chest. "Are you being weird, Cas? No? See Charlie, no one is being weird here."
"Comfortable?" Dean asked, quirking an amused eyebrow at Castiel when he bit his lip hesitantly before nodding. "Good, now be still and keep your book down low. I need to be able to see your face."
His knuckles were torn, bloody. When he bent down he had let out a soft, pained sounding wheeze that made her reach out abortedly to help him before she remembered,
Dean was confused by the sudden subject change, but just gave a noncommittal shrug. He was probably going to have to get some help in Algebra and Spanish was still as confusing as it always had been, but he figured the rest of the day would be a breeze after lunch.
"Awesome," Dean hummed; reminding himself that Victor had alway hated the greasy mechanic look; yet another reason why Castiel was nothing like his former boyfriend and why he had nothing to worry about. "I'm not even going to have to work at that one. Still washing your hair later?"
Anna shook her head, her hair swaying around her face as her hands disappeared out of her lap and Castiel could picture it, the tears that his brave, stubborn little sister was wiping away because she always had to protect everyone, even people who didn't deserve it. Even scum like Kevin Tran.
But they were just both so stubborn and Jo had been threatening him and Dean with watching Titanic until their ears bled at movie night tonight if they didn't get their shit together, but Castiel didn't think that he had anything to apologize for. All he had said was that Dean shouldn't let John define who he was and it probably came out a lot harsher and bitter than his memory was telling him because he had been really worked up from talking to Rachel about his own father.
Castiel hesitated for just a second before ducking into one of the showers at the darkened end of the hallway, keeping the lights off and his breathing quiet as the residual moisture on the tiled floor seeped through his socks and made him shiver. He sat down on the floor with his knees to his chest and wrapped his arms around his legs, letting his head fall back until it clunked against the wall behind him and all he could feel was the dull throb where he skull had hit the tile until that faded too and he could feel nothing. It was kind of comforting to feel nothing, he had grown accustomed to numbness over the last year and after all of the emotions of the day he needed this safe place where he could just be in a vacuum for a while.
"You're right, you are a saint," Dean corrected himself, perching on the back of the couch and crossing his leg onto his knee so that he could tie up the laces of his boots. "And I will feed you for the rest of your life if it means that I get to see Cas every day and can keep him away from Balthazar Roche."
"Guess your mojo's all gone," Dean mumbled, coughing on his words and splattering a fine spray of blood over the front of Castiel's new trench coat and face. "Again. You're not the energizer bunny anymore, heh bunny."
"Anytime," he replied and then moved as quickly as he could back to his favorite stall to change, he could feel eyes on his back as he moved and he hoped that no one noticed the scars.
In the last week leading up to his final year, Castiel had finally slowed down enough to recognize the feelings of dread creeping up on him as the start of the school year loomed ominously. This was unusual since as a rule Castiel typically couldn’t wait to return to school and get away from home. But home meant something different now, it wasn’t the disapproving silences of his father and eldest brother or the ill-concealed contemptuous whispers of his neighbors. It meant the warm laughter of Anna now that she was showing him affection again and Gabe’s undying involvement in British period dramas that caused him to smile when Gabe openly bawled for his favorite characters’ misfortunes. It was something that had him quickening his pace on his morning runs and desiring solitude a little less. The dread though was nothing new, it had become all too familiar a feeling during his final days at Lake Forrest and his final week in Pontiac at the house he had always felt ambivalent about calling home. It was familiar, but different. It wasn’t the dread of being harmed or discovered, been there done that and Castiel sure as hell wasn’t going to put himself in that situation again. No, it was the dread that he could potentially harm the only two people he could still claim to care about. Thoughts of this nature had been invading Castiel’s mind and the shelter he had once found in running and music were long longer his safe haven from troubling feelings and memories.
"So are we taking a picture?" Meg asked briskly, jutting her chin at the phone that he was still holding loosely down by his side. "Did I hear that right? Ma Collins wants a photo op?"
"So you're inviting him to lunch then?" Bobby asked, fingers tapping on his knee to the soft piano- backed cover of Elvis's
He shrugged at that, depressing hadn't been the word he used to describe how Dean's room looked now that it was all his, half empty and still sporting Sam's old matching bare twin sized bed and the empty bookshelf that the younger boy had built that Cas still didn't understand why Dean wasn't using since his boyfriend's own small bookshelf was overflowing. Castiel had used the word dreary and probably gloomy, but he was pretty certain he hadn't said depressing. Okay, Dean
"My brother is a complicated person, Dean. He's not very good at talking about his feelings, you have to spend a lot of time with him to be able to read between the lines. I think you know what I'm talking about. Anyway, Castiel has also been hurt a lot by people that he trusted. People that he thought cared about him or had his best interests at heart and I just need to know that you aren't going to do that too."
Cas knew there was no chance in hell of him going to that support group, he didn't need it because he wasn't any of those things. He was just...he had confusing feelings and...questions. Questions that he didn't feel comfortable asking a stranger about and no one in his family would understand.
"Why Clarence?" Dean asked, adjusting her driver's seat to accommodate his bow legs and hurriedly turning down the radio when Alanis Morrisette started blaring out as soon as the car was turned on.
Dean blinked in surprise. He wasn't used to this side of Cas who was now leaning back on his hands on the table, his slim runner's body stretched out like a contented cat in the sunlight filtering through the morning clouds. "No. I..I mean, yes? I'll, uh, pass it on to everyone that way you know when we're planning stuff."
"You really do have the worst timing, Tess." Chuck replied, not taking his eyes off of Naomi even as she blushed and ducked her head; giving his hand one last squeeze before she pulled it out of his grasp. "Even worse than the mailman."
"Is that a no, then?" Sam deadpanned, pressing his lips firmly together to keep the edge out of his voice.
"Yea," the girl said searching his face as she dropped her hands down to his shoulders and he was grateful because he felt like without the support of this girl he had literally hated less than fifteen minutes ago then he would be laid out on the floor just from the way he was feeling right now. "The damn tape he spent like ten hours or something making for you. The one that you never talked to him about because it made you uncomfortable."
"I kinda thought that's what you were doing," Castiel replied mischievously, pressing closer to the other boy so that he could settle his face in the crook of Dean's neck.
His boyfriend took one look at Castiel and stooped to gather him up in his arms, rubbing small circles into the other boy's back and making soothing shushing sounds as he told the panicked boy that it was all going to be fine, nothing was going to hurt him, Dean would make sure that nothing ever hurt him again.
"Most people scrapbook," Castiel sighed, straightening up and offering his jacket to the wardrobe girl who was hovering nearby.
Castiel tilted his head at the girl and thinned his lips. Jo sighed in frustration and reached out a hand across the aisle to playfully ruffle his hair.
"Told him what?" Dean asked suddenly, leaning forward and tugging on the end of Charlie's hair, shooting a nervously look at Castiel and he couldn't help himself from looking down at Dean's fabric covered forearms again before dropping his eyes guiltily to his lap.
He put his own red plaid Sherpa style hat on his head and looped his scarf around his neck before nestling his hands back under the blanket and surreptitiously sliding closer to his friend. A couple of minutes later he put one of his hands on Castiel's leg and the smaller boy jumped a bit at the contact, looking at Dean with wide eyes and shaking his head slightly.
"Just don't call me Deany-poo," Dean teased, pressing his knee back into Castiel's and grinning madly down at his waffles as he liberally applied butter and syrup to the breakfast pastry. "You ready to play, Ash? I'm pretty sure it was your turn when we left off."
"Uh," he tried to find the answer in the context clues, Gabe was halfway out of the Cadillac with the garment bag containing his tuxedo hanging off of one finger. Probably something about the dance. "You asked when Dean would be here?"
"Yea, his mom was like super religious, named him after an angel. That's how I knew what your name meant, Clarence. He was a bit obsessed with like angel lore and stuff when we first met, now he's thinking of doing political science." Meg shrugged. "I think we should do Chinese. I'm craving eggrolls."
"Reclaiming what?" face-tattoo snapped impatiently, nodding at the man who had been working with the car battery to continue with what he was doing and yea, he
Dean loves kissing Cas, loves how the angel’s mouth tastes like ozone and power. He especially loves having the other man surrounding him, over him, inside of him, just like this. Like this he can focus on the solid weight of Cas, anchoring him down when all Dean wants to do is be swept away by the whirling dervish created by  their bodies. Just like this, Dean can breathe in nothing but the scent of the other man, crushed pine needles and petrichor,  like a forest after a cleansing and violent storm.
“I know, right!” The other man agrees, looking down at the clipboard when Dean hands it back to him, his smile turning fond. “Well, thanks Dean Winchester. If we manage to pull it off we’ll put your name in our newsletter.”
"A way through locked doors?" Dean asked, surprised that his brain was functioning still when it felt like all of the blood in his body was trying to decide if it wanted to race to his face for the hardest blush of his life or to his dick because he was already leaning more towards hot than embarrassed about the other man having discovered pretty much his one and only weird kink.
"My ears aren't pierced," Charlie said despondently, pushing her half-eaten tray away towards the center of the table. "And I don't know what to do with my hair or how to do makeup because my mom didn't teach me before she-before. I'm just the most pathetic fucking excuse of a girl ever. I have a GED, jobs skills that don't mean shit, and a fucking metric ton of hospital bills that I'm going to have to pay when I get out of here. I'm enough to make any social worker second-guess their career choice."
"It's okay," he whispered into Anna's hair, rocking her gently as she cried onto the grey t-shirt he was wearing. "I'm right here. I'm okay. You saved me, Anna-Banana. You're my hero, remember?"
"He's gonna stay here," Meg said, sounding small and tired and just making him feel worse for dragging her into al lof this too. "Gabe's got enough on his plate already...Cas said he would go home Monday, but I told him he can stay as long as he needs to. Dean's probably just off hiding somewhere with his tail between his legs for fucking up this shit again. I'm pretty convinced that he's never going to realize just how much Cas loves him, I mean, Jo. When I say he looked bad when I found him, I mean he looked terrible. Now he's like fucking comatose on my couch and all I can think to do is make him soup, I'm useless at this nursemaid bullshit. Yea...maybe you should. Yea, see you soon. Bye."
Once the sheets were off he reached for the pillows because some of Lexi's makeup was on the pillowcases on his side of the bed and nope, the tear stains and the mascara smears were probably even worse to look at than any of the other body fluids that had gotten on the sheets. But when he picked up Cas's pillows on the side of the bed that was furthest away from the door he was hit full force with the smell of his boyfriend; the clean minty smell that made his skin tingle and his heart pound only now it brought how completely and utterly he had failed the other boy into sharp relief as he hugged the pillow to his chest and his knees gave out underneath him.
He spends the rest of that drive wondering if the other man feels it too. And the next one as well, and the next, and the next. Until one night, when Sam is back at the bunker and the angel and Dean head out together to pick up dinner, Dean drives this time and Castiel sits resolutely across the Impala’s bench seat from the hunter.
“How could this ever have been better?” Sam exclaimed, ignoring the hot blood that was seeping into the leg of his jeans, ignoring as much about this moment as he could so he wouldn’t have nightmares about it later.
"Dean fuck!" Castiel blurted, loud in the quiet of the room before he muffled the noises that he was making into the hand that wasn't slick with lotion and precome and stroking his cock.
They talked for a while about the party and how Ellen, Jo's mom, usually required any minors who were drinking to turn their keys over to her and they would be returned in the morning over pancakes and bacon. Castiel didn't think he would be drinking, but it would be interesting to stay the night over at Jo's house. With Dean.
The man knew that the whole PFLAG thing was really stressing her out, especially since she could not blatantly support the debate one way or another because the school board wanted her to remain an impartial figurehead, only stepping in if it looked like the situation was going to boil over into violence or a lawsuit like it almost had several years earlier. Chuck knew that Naomi's younger sister was a lesbian, he had met her once a long time ago when his boss had first started at the school and she had been out celebrating her sister's pregnancy with her sibling and the other woman's partner; they had happened to be at the same restaurant where he and Rebecca were having another forced, uncomfortable date as suggested they should do by their marriage counselor.
"Good, well listen. I know this is going to sound strange and possibly offensive, but did you come to that party that night knowing that you were going to hook up with someone?" Castiel held his breath.
"See!" Dean said petulantly, throwing a middle finger vaguely in Gabriel's direction and burying his face in Castiel's neck. "Tell the bad man he's wrong. Tell him I have a great butt."
"And why you won't just tell him is beyond me," Jo said snatching the stickers out of his hand and picking out Adam's name from the letters.
"Move Dean!" The boy said, nudging at Dean until he startled out of his stupor and continued to chase after the gruff looking older man. "Stop, dad. Come back here and talk to him!"
The other boy pulled back suddenly and wiped his hands over his over his face and hair in an agitated way, causing his sweat drenched hair to stick up at odd angles. Castiel jumped slightly at the action and glanced around nervously at the other players who were still ignoring him as they moved around gathering their things. "I just don't know what else to do! Nothing I ever do is good enough for anyone."
But he didn't want to make Cas feel guilty about it so he had waited until the other man texted him first before calling as soon as he got off work, wanting to hear the actor's voice before he collapsed into his big, empty bed all by himself for the first time in almost a week. Dean didn't know how well he was actually going to be able to sleep, but it had less to do with wearing himself out with Cas like had happened almost every night since they had decided to do this whole crazy, shitty hiding thing and more to do with the fact that he had gotten used to having another body that he could spoon up against throughout the night.
He groaned when the other man's hand fell to the button and zipper of his jeans and those long fingers made quick work of freeing him from what Dean's lust addled brain had started thinking of as denim purgatory.
"I believe that good is probably the most appropriate way to describe it, yes." Castiel replied cryptically, a smiling tugging at the corners of his mouth. "Did you enjoy your time with Adam's family?"
She tucked her hair back behind her ear and tried to set her features back to the mask of impassivity that she wore around the students, but finding herself smirking again when Chuck waved for her attention, pointing out the outlandish white tuxedo that Uriel had chosen to wear to the dance this year as he walked in hulking and glowering over the students like he would rather be anywhere else, but chaperoning the winter ball with his fellow instructors. Naomi had to hide her smile behind her hand when Chuck mimed a gorilla behind the larger man's back, turning away quickly when Uriel looked back at him at him suspiciously.
Castiel nodded slightly at his older brother, fighting against the tight metal bands that seemed to have wrapped themselves around his lungs so that he could take in a breath. He looked past the older man to see Dean standing with his jaw set and his fists clenched as he watched the exchange between the two of them.
"Stop you're going to give me a complex," Cas murmured leaning into give him a kiss that was much more tame now that they had an audience.
"Guys, no." Dean wasn't above begging, especially when he was sure the main topic of the intervention revolved around a certain blue-eyed someone. "Seriously, I just wanted to eat and visit with my brother and regret all of my life choices in peace. Can we just not?"
star!' the headline proclaimed, emblazoned in obnoxious red over a picture of Meg and Charlie hugging when the brunette had parted ways with them to retrieve Dean's car. The focus was on Castiel in the background, observing their embrace with what might look like jealousy to anyone else, but was really sadness when he had realized that he may never get a chance to hug Dean again.
He thought burying his face in his arms where he had crossed them on top of the toilet and groaning weakly at the pair, hoping that it would be enough to make them go away so that he could feel terrible and wallow in how miserably confusing his life was without an audience to judge him for it.
Dean groaned embarrassingly loud when Cas finally touched him, wrapping a hand around his cock and stroking him a couple of times before leaning in and wrapping those amazing, pink lips around the head and flicking his tongue into the slit with a pleased sounding little hum. He knotted his hands in the sheets next to his hips, throwing his head back on the pillow beneath him when Castiel bobbed farther down on his erection the first time. Dean didn't know how long he would last if the other boy kept up with the way he was alternating between stroking him and fondling his testicles like a complete expert at giving head even though Dean knew for a fact that this was a first for his boyfriend, but for once they had all night and it wasn't like his dad was going to barge into a fancy hotel looking for him so he forced himself to stop thinking and just enjoy how his boyfriend's hot, wet mouth felt wrapped around him.
"Asshole," Dean murmured, moving his other hand off of Castiel's hip to slide it into the back of the smaller boy's jeans, digging his nails into the skin beneath the thin fabric of his boyfriend's boxers urging him to move against him faster, harder, rougher.
There were also a lot of sweat pants and pajama pants, shirts that were old and stretched and worn out so they would probably fit him even though he was taller than Gabriel by a good six inches. Castiel put it all away neatly and meticulously, arranging it like he did his own clothes back home even though there was barely enough to fill the top drawer of the dresser. He put his toiletries on top with the tallest bottles in the back, labels all turned the same way so that he could read them with or without his glasses on.
"Well, if he's good looking I guess that makes up for having a messed up family," Castiel supplied and he couldn't help from thinking of Dean as he said it since the other boy's family was pretty unusual in its own way.
It scared him almost as much as being tugged into Dean and Charlie's room once he had reached it did. Because getting slammed back against the door hard enough that the air was knocked out of him by a Dean who had half-wild eyes and hair that was sticking up in all directions like he had been running his fingers through it was really the last thing he expected. The other man's hands were planted firmly on his chest, one curving over his collarbone and the other right on top of his rapidly beating heart.
"I've been part of this madness since meeting Gabe. You Shurleys are like quicksand, you just sucked me right in and the harder I struggle to get away the deeper I get." Kali joked, catching his chin in her hand and looking at him sternly. "Love you, Cas. Be good and safe and just...give this a chance, for me?"
"Cas, I don't think I can-" Dean began because he didn't think he could handle deep throating the other boy. He prided himself on his sexual prowess, but everything he was doing with Castiel was new and different and that for sure was something that he was going to have to work himself up to before he was any good at it.
Gilda shook her head and waved a finger at Dean to wait as she sipped at her Gatorade in an effort to cool her burning mouth. "No, he went to look for you and then came back. I saw him talking to Virgil, he said he wasn't feeling well and asked if he could go home."
He just had to keep up the charade, the perfect son charade that he hadn't realized that he had been resenting and faking for years while John just did whatever the fuck he wanted and neglected him and Sam in the process until just now. Dean could do this and just like with Lexi he didn't really have a choice, not if he wanted to keep Cas safe from John. But he sure as fuck would take the first opportunity to run away from his dad and back to his real family as soon as he fucking could.
"Your brother tells me you have made some friends," She said, scribbling a quick note at how his jaw clenched slightly as he nodded at her comment. "Why don't you tell me about them?"
The Brit had been surprisingly cool about the whole thing, even helping Cas when they decided to move in together and finding a new roommate that was a flight attendant or something and was never home to complain about his messes or his one night stands that Cas knew he was indulging in again now that he was single for the first time in almost four years. So it had all worked out, he had his
The other girl just shrugged slightly, looking at Crowley and Castiel on the bench with a shy smile on her face and tugging on the hem of her sweatshirt. Crowley preened under the attention of the three people, well two since Dean was just looking at Castiel with a small frown on his face as he led the two girls into the cafeteria and to a table in the far corner of the room.
The woman moved away so that her back was towards him and she was talking over her shoulder. "I'm not telling him, jocko homo. He's riding here with Jo, I'm finding out how long until they get here."
"It's…scary." He began slowly, tilting his head and looking at the therapist who was leaning forward in her chair slightly like her whole body was focusing in on what he was saying. "But, something about how Dean looks at me makes feel like maybe it would be different than last time."
"There are several ways we could spin this," Crowley said calmly, taking the device back and tapping around on it until the screen went dark again; Castiel was just shaking his head in defeat beside him and the agent considered for a moment patting the other man on the back to reassure him. But he was in recovery mode right now and the sentiments would just have to wait until he was off the clock. "The old standby of a jilted lover would earn you sympathy, but I think our best option is to go with the statement that you two simply wanted different things. Which is ironically apt if you think about it.
"Yea," Castiel said smiling softly to himself, suddenly shy as he ran a hand over the back of his neck. "I probably wouldn't pass inspection in a million years.
"And your grand idea was going to church?" the woman asked with a shrewdly arched eyebrow. "Guess you didn't work things out with your guy, huh?"
"Studies show that some mental illnesses may run in families, but y'know what? I'll make you a deal, something to make it worth your while to actually get something out of this place instead of just faking getting better so that you don't miss finals or whatever else you are obsessing about."
“Don’t sell yourself short!” Stevie said enthusiastically. “That’s a good foundation for baton skills. Show me what you remember.”
It had never been this strong before, the need that he got with some of his partners to make sure they never forgot him; to mark them and write his name on their skin so that everyone else would stay the fuck away from what was his. Dean pressed his mouth to Castiel's pulse point, sucking softly at the thrumming vein beneath the other man's skin; fighting back the urge to leave tell-tale bruises up and down the other man's pale neck because how the fuck would it look if he went into film on Monday with hickeys all over him and where would Cas tell Crowley he had gotten them?
They both opted to not get dessert and while Sam stepped out to take a call from his brother, Gabriel paid for both of their meals, still resolutely telling himself that this dinner was not a date. He gave Barb a hug on his way out of the restaurant and promised that he would talk to her soon, the man usually stopped in after classes to study over a plate of fries and a milkshake.
"Whoa, Cas," Dean said lowly wanting to just lean in and give the other boy a kiss, but if the expression on his friend's face was any indication of how welcome that would be then Dean figured he should just let Castiel set the precedent for how much PDA would be acceptable. "Not that I don't like being close to you, but maybe some personal space. Y'know, just enough so I can breathe."
The pizza arrived and Garth paused the movie long enough to dart up the stairs and pay the delivery boy and gather some plates so that everyone could eat while they finished the first movie. Dean ate almost half a pizza by himself, which wasn't too much more than normal, but he was famished from the long, grueling practice that Coach Uriel had put them through earlier in the afternoon. He felt sleepy and full and the only thing keeping him awake was the trivia about the movie that Cas kept whispering in his ear.
"You were pretty spaced out, dude." Charlie said, shaking her head at the drawing one last time like she was disgusted with it now before looking back up at him mischievously. "What was making you so jumpy?"
He tried to be gentle even though the animalistic part of him was screaming out and telling him just to drive himself as deep and as hard as he could into Castiel, claiming him in the most intimate way possible, but Dean didn't; taking his time to marvel at the way Cas's body adjusted to the intrusion of first one finger and then a second, making needy adorable sounds that had him kissing softly at the other man's neck and collarbones, being tender because he knew how much the other man might already be hurting.
They couldn't find him because of the warding, but they could follow the prayer maybe and it didn't matter who it was because he could fight his way out of this if the help turned out to be unfriendly, but he couldn't let Dean Winchester die again. Not now that he understood about all of the reasons why Dean did the stupid, foolhardy things he did for Sam and Lisa and Bobby and Kevin. If anything equated to love for Dean it was grand, dangerous gestures and facing down a brain-washed angel intent on killing anyone who got between him and his mission was pretty damn dangerous.
He had been trying, like really trying to get past his crush on Castiel, especially after Anna had let him know that she thought it would just hurt her brother if Dean acted on his feelings. But he could only manage half-hearted flirting with the girls at school and for some reason they were acting like the fact that he was not perusing them with his normal enthusiasm was some kind of personal challenge to their entire sex or something. Most days he couldn't even make it down the hallway without ending up with someone plastered to his side or getting a scribbled down phone number shoved into his hand.
He spun when he heard his name called, finally spotting Dean near the bleachers for the visiting team seemingly oblivious to the dirty looks he was getting from the golden-clad players and parents milling around despondently as they gathered their things to make the drive back to their own school across town. Castiel didn't notice the unfamiliar girl until he was almost right upon the pair, he was just so focused on Dean and how perfect he looked in his uniform even though he was all sweaty and dirty and ruffled.
"Nah," Maggie said knowingly. "Castiel will come up with something good. I think he has secret hidden depths that will shock and astound us all, don't ya?"
Sam's usually stoic countenance shifted suddenly to one that Dean could only describe as a cross between apprehensive, amused, and maybe...constipated. But maybe it was just the drugs talking cause by the time the assassin approached where he was lying in his hospital bed the other man's face was once again carefully blank. Luckily Dean had always been able to read the agent code-named Bluebeard and he could tell that the other man was hiding something.
He wasn't complaining, really. Dean didn't care who else he was with as long as he was with Cas, his night had gotten a million times better when he realized the angel hadn't gone out to the bar with their strange assortment of roommates. Neither one of them was going to get a kiss at midnight which sucked, but it sure beat the hell out of someone else besides him getting to kiss Cas. It was petty, but he had never claimed to not be petty.
"Aaron," the smaller man said sticking his hand out nervously to Dean as Jo threw herself into the arms of the man who Dean was pretty sure was probably distantly related to Andre the Giant.
"You think that this is easy for me?" John retaliated, narrowing his eyes as he watched Dean go around his room and gather books and clothes and CDs that he should've noticed before now as not belonging to his son. "Do you think I like doing this to you? Because I don't, Dean."
The larger boy laughed, put a guiding hand on the small of his back and draped his suit jacket over his shoulder for a moment so that he could unlock his front door. "'Course I want you around, Cas. Mi casa es su casa."
"Ugh," Dean groaned, throwing his head back dramatically giving Cas the opportunity to admire the other man's profile and the taunt muscles in his neck; he had to get as much ogling in as possible before he didn't have Dean to ogle any more. "We always miss
He hooked his fingers under the elastic waistband of Castiel's underwear and pulled them off, shuffling around until he was kneeling between legs of the other man. His own cock was curled up tight and aching against his stomach and he felt it twitch as he took in the sight of Castiel fully exposed and laid out on his bed.
“And I’m taking the GRE in a couple of weeks and there are all of these summer internships I have to apply for,” Castiel reached into his bag and pulled out the thick ream of applications that he hadn’t finished yet so that he could show them to the girl.
"Are you sure, Gabe?" Cas asked, glancing over at Dean who was doing his best to imitate the puppy-dog eyes that Sam had used on his older brother only days before.
"Well, we could've shown up all sweaty, Jo." Dean said, flinging his jacket down onto the back of the couch and ambling over to where Garth and Ash were playing ping pong on the scratched table with a dented ball. "But we didn't want our pheromones screwing up your chances with soldier boy."
"Right," Dean said laughing and climbing out of the car. He stopped short however; when he noticed Castiel looking around the parking lot and he realized that his friend was trying to spot his girlfriend's faded green Honda. "You're serious?'
Castiel looked around the table, squirming under the gaze of everyone who was now looking at him and how he had picked up the tea off of his tray, pushing the rest away from himself so that he could wrap his fingers around the warm plastic mug in an effort to gain some strength from the soothing beverage.
Cas let out a laugh, startling himself with how genuine it felt. "I uh...I go to morning Mass usually. Today...this...I just kinda felt like I needed to do something for myself."
“I think you’re right, Karen,” Mary said knowingly to the other woman who had finally released Samandriel from his last layer to be dragged off by Sammy after both of their older brothers. “I think we’re going to be switching the boys to public school. “
"Is it just me or are you expecting Gabriel to jump out and scare you too?" Dean asked, cautiously opening the pantry in the Novak household so that he could try to figure out something for him and Sam to make for dinner. "I mean, I know we just dropped them all off at the airport, but the house is too quiet."
"Yea, she's been sending me messages since people started showing up at her apartment. In the last one she told me that Adam and Michael had just gotten there." Castiel said pulling out his phone and looking down at the last message he had received from Meg over half an hour before.
"You see those boys in that picture?" Missouri began, pointing at the frame that held an old photo of two little boys standing on the steps of the Museum of Natural History wearing late 90s windbreakers and matching fanny packs along with twin looks of excitement on their smiling faces. One was taller and had his arm looped lazily around the shoulders of the shorter one who had shaggy brown hair and a was clutching a large grey model airplane in his hands; the whole setup looked vaguely like the kind of photo his parents used to force him and his siblings to take when they went on family outings or vacations. There was one particularly embarrassing one of him mimicking a teenaged Michael asking Peter Pan to marry him at Disneyland when they had gone on a book signing tour with their father; Castiel just nodded in reply to the therapist's question.
“Jeeeez,” Dean wined, flopping down onto his back and reaching out with his arms to drag Castiel in until the angel’s head rested on his chest. “You’re such a weirdo. Go to sleep, Cas.”
The other man stiffened beside him, but didn't look up and Cas was able to tear his eyes off of Dean's wrists long enough to meet Charlie's red-rimmed green eyes that were shining with worry for the man sitting between them.
"I don't know what you're talking about," Cas replied weakly, his palms immediately feeling sweaty from the lie and the resulting eye-roll that it earned from his roommate. "I don't have a boyfriend."
That stopped the boy and his friends cold, their laughter quickly becoming uncomfortable and then nonexistent. Castiel grinned as he watched them shift awkwardly; he hoped all of the teachers were like Mrs. Barnes. "I'm going to call roll, please respond with something appropriate when you hear your name."
Cas grabbed the puzzle book that Gabe had given him and marked the page he was working on before pulling out the pencil that he had used to hold his spot and flipping to the back cover where the smooth, blank page glared out at him blindingly white just begging to be filled with an orderly numbered list that he could cross off and feel accomplished about finishing. He took the spot Charlie had been in, kicking off his shoes and pressing his back against the wall with the pillow in his lap for a table. The drawing ended up propped against an empty, upside down water glass on the nightstand so that it wouldn't get wrinkled or torn from being on the bed.
, Castiel thought turning towards the bathroom even though it made his pulse pound in his ears because Meg and Dean's apartments had the same sort of set up and the jolt of terror that had shot through him right after he had opened the bathroom door to see John standing there kept replaying on repeat in his head over and over in time with the dull throb at the back of his skull.
It took everything Castiel had to not curse his old friend up and down for being a big fucking hypocrite, but instead he bit his tongue until it hurt because he knew that the country wouldn't give two fucks if another Hollywood talent agent turned out to be gay and Balthazar had a reputation for being undiscriminating when it came to his partners' sex. Plus they were foreign so the Midwest housewives who followed celebrity gossip could rest easy since they weren't contaminating their good little American sons when they left home to be actors only to get turned into porn stars that knew their way around a dick much better than their mother's ever could. Castiel knew that's where a lot of unlucky, young actors ended up and he wrote off his own avoidance of that profession to just more dumb luck bestowed upon him for probably having been a dung beetle in a past life.
"It was an accident, Cas. He didn't mean to hurt me I just got in his way. And I'm not going to let him do anything to my fucking brother, would you let someone hurt Anna? You're being ridiculous right now!"
Dean knows that it isn’t going to change anything, finally kissing Castiel, but hell, it’s not like stranger things haven’t happened to him before.
This year he put off his physical until the last possible moment, hoping that the chief might be too distracted by the rash of petty arsonry that’s been going on around town to keep up with his paperwork. But of course, the chief had remembered; waiting until Dean was already suited up and climbing onto the fire truck before pulling him off of it by the back of his jacket and ordering him to ‘Go to the damn doctor already, ya idjit.’
"How does it work?" Dean asked softly, his eyes wide and so so green that Cas felt like he could fall into them and never find his way out.
James never let go of his damn phone long enough for him to steal it and give the woman a blasted ring like he wanted to do and that traitor Charlie refused to help him until he made some kind of romantic declaration towards her boss, which was unnecessary because Balthazar was not some neurotic sodding teenager who needed constant reassurance from him. So he took the only route left open to him, following her or more accurately, following the paparazzi that were following her.
It wasn't until much later that evening that Dean received another message. Bobby's burgers had been excellent as always, if the whole mechanic things stopped working for him Dean thought he could always open a food truck and make a killing. Ellen's apple pie was toasty from the oven and the ice cream was the perfect degree of melty goodness.
"Well, that's never going to happen," Dean scoffed, pulling back to press his forehead against Castiel's breathing heavily into the space between them as his hips canted upwards, seeking friction against the only person he could imagine dying for. "I'd have to be pretty stupid to give you up."
Jo nodded and moved back around the table where she began to gather up their scattered purchases. "So are you going to tell the others?"
“Alright!” Jo said clapping her hands together and steering him down the hallway with a guiding hand on the small of his back. “I think you’ve had just about enough of us, right? Let’s get one of the others to show you around and we’ll get your room set up.”
She had thrown Dean around a bit by the time Castiel got there, crushing more than one rib and puncturing one of his lungs with the shards of bone that were rattling around like loose puzzle pieces inside of the other man's chest. Abaddon had ran the second she had realized that Castiel had a grace back, making some snide comment about him picking up all kinds of bad habits from his pets before fleeing with a wrathful chuckle because she knew that Castiel wouldn't follow her, not while Dean's crumpled, broken form was still breathing.
He had decided to give Dean the extra time to come talk to him because of something that Anna said to him when she came back from the homecoming dance. She had woken him from where he had been dozing on the living room couch, Calculus homework left strewn all over the coffee table from where he had given up on it earlier in the evening with this impassioned speech about not giving up on the things that he wanted and how maybe Dean was just as scared to talk to him as Cas was of initiating the conversation himself. But he had initiated, that's what the tape was and Dean wasn't scared of anything
I'm so sorry this is late. I've literally worked fourteen days straight and counting and fell asleep before posting this up last night. Also say what you will about
"Not really," Sam called merrily as Gabriel climbed into his lap, slinging his arms around the larger boy's neck and sticking his tongue out at Anna who made a little mew of distaste.
The students were then left to their own devices and Pam went back to idly flipping through a magazine at her desk.
"Which room?" Dean asked the sales girl, so single-minded in his desire to confront Cas that he only knew that he probably sounded scary as fuck because of the expression that flickered across the other woman's face as she pointed towards the changing room at the end of the short hallway.
“That’s it,” Gabriel growled as he swung the car wildly into a parking spot marked ‘Visitor’ in front of the sprawling single story building. He turned as pointed an accusing finger at his younger brother, his hazel eyes glinting madly. “Total Eclipse of the Heart is a fucking classic and I will not put up with you besmirching Bonnie’s good name after you’ve already assaulted her. Now get out of the car.”
This was like pulling teeth to write. No triggers, just painful writing on my part because it didn't flow.
The video ended with Gabby arching a shrewd eyebrow before she smirked and then burst into those distinctive giggles of hers and the screen faded to black.
"Okay," Meg said punching the pause button on the part where you could best see the man's face. "Now tell me if I'm going crazy or something. But isn't that..."
"Gross," Castiel said, earning a huffing laugh from Dean beside him who was still rubbing at his wrists, but had also started softly scratching at his denim covered thighs too, his short nails sounding raspy loud against the texture of the fabric.
Dean shrugged, it was getting late. There weren't many people left in the bar and if he decided to duck out he was pretty sure Jo or Jess could handle things without him. The phone vibrated on the bar again and both men looked down to see a picture of an angry looking man in a black suit flashing across the screen. He looked up to see Castiel biting his lip indecisively, a finger hovering over the ignore button lit up on the touch screen.
"I can interact with people," he replied weakly, banging his head softly on the wall behind him and just wishing that it would be enough that his skull might cave in and put him out of his misery already. "I haven't been answering your texts because I'm interacting with people. I'm not a complete social reject."
"I guess your date went about as well as mine did," Dean commented, referring to the outting that his manager had the night before with one of their regulars, an intimidating brunette girl named Ruby who always looked slightly strung out to Dean.
Dean smirked and typed without thinking. It was only after pressing 'send' that he realized the other way his message could be read.
He choked back a laugh at that one, thinking of how she had done nothing but look down her nose at his resume that was much less impressive than her own and ignore him when he tried to strike up friendly between takes conversations while they were waiting for Balthazar to change blocking around or cameras to reset. No wonder Gabriel Novak had abandoned that frigid ship as quickly as humanly possible, but he kept those comments to himself because James Collins was known for being a nice guy.
He heard the click, saw the flash out of the corner of his eye, but none of that mattered because then Cas was tugging him towards the door, calling out a hurried goodbye to Sam and Gabriel, telling Anna he would see her there as she waited around for Kevin to show up to get her. They rushed out to the Impala and Cas let Dean open his door for him, ducking his head bashfully as he climbed in. A million times they had ridden around together- from school, to the nature park to jog, just driving around sometimes talking about nothing in particular, but this car ride felt important, like it was a milestone or something that they were sharing together.
"Yea, yea, go take over the world or whatever, brain." Dean said, waving the other girl away before taking a tentative sip out of the glass of water in his hands and chuckling to himself for a second. "Well if you had mono I guess I'm fucked now, Cas."
With Dean pined underneath him it was easy to forget about the fact that come morning, his boyfriend was going to know everything about him and then it would be the larger boy's decision of whether or not Castiel was worth sticking around for, sullied and fallen as he was. It was easy to focus instead on how his boyfriend groaned and tightened his grip on his hair when Castiel muttered that he loved him into the hot, damp skin of the other boy's neck. And how the worldly, experienced, heartbreaking Dean Winchester was rutting against the thigh that Cas had slipped between his legs, pressing his insistent erection against Castiel's hip with stuttering, needy motions.
Castiel's fingers teased his own on the seat between them, it almost felt normal and it definitely felt better than hiding. Let the media come at them; take pictures, make up rumors, throw around wild accusations and conjecture like they knew anything about the people whose lives they were playing with. They could face it; together like they should've been doing this whole time and Dean could swallow down the burning jealously that he felt whenever he thought of anyone else touching Cas.
After finishing what the instructor informed them would be their standard workout (consisting of the mile everyone had run, jumping jacks, push ups, and sit ups) at Wednesday meetings, ten students had remained to begin learning the marching program Sanz had created and Cas was pleased that the other cadets seemed as dedicated to achieving the perfection required for the routine to happen with no one getting knocked out by one of the study replica guns as he was. He noticed that Adam especially was worried about someone getting injured and thought about how the younger boy's considerate nature might fair if it were to be matched with Jo's own need to mother all of the guys in her life.
Holly just smirked to herself because yea, she did have some pretty great fucking legs and at least she had remembered to shave her legs this morning even if she hadn’t had time to shave her face.
When the movie was over he saw his little brother hesitate for a moment before gently pushing at Dean to get off of him so that he could go home. Gabriel could understand the sentiment because he liked being able to sleep alone with Sam too and through some previously unspoken agreement, Wednesdays had always meant that Dean stayed over at their house while Gabriel and Sam made the best of the younger Winchester's small twin bed. But its not like they weren't going to see the two boys all day tomorrow, so he decided to exercise some authority over Cas and make him come home, especially since he needed the younger boy's help with the food that they had agreed to bring over to Bobby's house the next day.
should have it's first chapter up sometime next week and it will be starting off with a bang so keep your eyes peeled.
Sometimes the pain was so fresh it ate at him like a sickness; like a creeping, oozing sore that couldn’t be healed no matter what he tried or how long had passed.
Up close the guy was probably even more handsome, like movie star handsome. Dean watched as he picked up his glasses and placed them back on his perfect nose and god, it was just the cutest gesture and the only thing that could make it better would be if they were held together by masking tape in the center. The other man licked his chapped pink lips and Dean knew that he should probably be saying something right about now, asking him what he wanted to drink, doing his job, something.
"Not happening," Bobby replied, toeing the plastic tub under the nearest desk and handing Castiel the stack of clothes and toiletries he had removed from the bag Gabriel had brought him instead. "Dr. Mosely's going to talk to you in the morning and then maybe you can have your schoolwork, until then the only books you're allowed to touch are the ones your brother just brought you."
"Fresh air would be nice," Charlie muttered, double stepping to keep up with Cas and Dean's longer strides; her smile said she was joking, but Cas could hear something wistful in her voice that made him remember that she was a sane person trapped in a place full of nut jobs. Of course she wanted to get out of here, so why wasn't he itching to do the same?
"I sure as hell hope so," Dean muttered, wiping angrily at his eyes that were now blurred by tears and cursing under his breath when he pushed the salty, stinging liquid into the cut that he had running across his left cheekbone. "Cas is smart though, he'll know not to try to help me by himself."
Dean briefly considered bailing and going ahead to the cafeteria, but it’s not like anyone else was going to be there yet and he was just going to end up sitting at their table by himself if he left. Plus, Castiel’s response to the sonnet confused him. That poem seemed pretty damn bleak to Dean or maybe he just didn’t get it. He looked over at his tablemate who had started doodling idly on the cover of his notebook and Dean quickly scribbled a message onto the blank page of his spiral before sliding it over to bump against the hand that Cas had splayed over his iPod that was on the desk between them.
"Jeez, cas...tryna sleep...yes, already. Whatever, just shut up." Dean mumbled, shutting his eyes just as Castiel's head shot up, letting out a heavy breath that wasn't followed by another inhale.
Castiel nodded dumbly, inadvertently drawing Dean's attention back to his lips as he licked them. He could hear his blood rushing in his ears and feel his pulse pounding in his leg where Dean's hand was resting and he wasn't hard, but he also had a feeling that it would take much for that to be the case. He wanted to press Dean against a wall and bury his face in the other man's neck, he wanted Dean to grip his hair and pull his mouth around to where he wanted it, and he wanted to be surrounded by the touch and the taste and the smell of Dean for the rest of his fucking life.
“I kinda hope it is,” Dean admitted sheepishly. “But if you want we can just start with dinner and see where it goes from there?’
The younger man let out a scoff of disbelief that had Bobby just lifting an eyebrow at Cas once the boy realized that he had actually made the noise out loud, his red-shot blue eyes widening in terror before he shook his head quickly.
Ash waved Castiel out of the room, grabbing onto the sleeve of his shirt that he had been wearing since meeting Dean the night before once he got close enough and dragging him down the hall towards the nurse's station.
The conversation got away from Dean almost as soon as they got back to the Novak house, him driving behind Cas in the Impala so that his boyfriend could get the Cadillac back to Gabe before the older man freaked out. They failed to follow through with their plans of pie first, snow later mostly because as soon as Dean got out of his car Cas jumped him again, knocking him back hard onto the snow covered lawn and shoving a handful of flaky powder in the larger boy's face.
“Ay-men!” Holly recited along with the other girls, waiting for Gabby’s call of “Now let the music play!” before rushing over to gather Kim Chi close to her in a celebratory hug.
himself stay away from Dean. And he didn't want to even though he could shake the feeling that all of this, them, would end in disaster.
The elation that Dean had had feeling how alive his boyfriend was as he thrust into him and held him close and shaking while they both came down from their post-orgasmic high before Cas had made the muffled suggestion that they take a shower that had finally made Dean brave enough to ask the other boy how much it hurt and Cas had offered to explain it in the only way he could. He shook his head, leaning away from the woman's outstretched hand because how could be explain how things had gotten so fucked up without going all the way back to the beginning?
"Who the hell is that?" Charlie asked, sounding incredulous and winking at Castiel conspiratorially as she elbowed Ash in the side. "You made that one up."
God, it was the cheesiest joke. But of course they all laughed because it was a joke told by Gabby fuckin’ Reale. One made sure to laugh at all of mother’s jokes.
Dean took the outthrust bills and went to shove them in the pocket of his faded, grease stained jeans before noticing exactly how much Bobby had actually given him and scrambling to give it back. “Whoa, Bobby! There is way too much here, I only worked two days and I cut out early yesterday because I had to take gigantor school shopping, there’s like three times that amount here.”
"It's fine, Adam." Dean mumbled, looking over at Michael and trying to figure how Cas would feel being trapped in this other boy's gaze.
He moved his waffles next, placing them carefully on Dean's tray and then scooting the whole thing back towards the other man before remembering that Dean needed syrup and butter too, so he held them out with an expression that he hoped look nonchalant. His heart felt like it was going to beat out of his chest, this was probably the smoothest gesture he had ever made to someone he liked. Most of the time he was a stumbling, stuttering mess, but with Dean...he could probably handle pretending to be cool for at least five minutes or so.
"A hour," Dean countered, kissing the other man's neck after he said it because the taste of summer rain had faded off of his mouth far too quickly since he had last seen Cas.
He reached for the door handle, not really caring that the car was still moving but was startled out of his thoughts when he heard all of the locks of the car engage at once. Castiel whipped around in his seat from where he was watching Dean's receding back to shoot the driver a dirty look. The kid was young, really young. He looked like he was playing dress up in his chauffer uniform and had an apologetic expression on his face that Castiel could see in the rearview mirror.
After a couple of long minutes, where Bobby was sure Jody was either throwing a stapler at the hapless cop who had to tell her she had a call or demanding that the kid get her a cup of coffee, the hold music abruptly cut out and a sharp female voice took its place.
"Your boss works for HYDRA," the archer answered simply, flexing his arms again because he was pretty sure if he broke his pinkie he could get one of his hands out and start working on the bulky knots keeping him bound. As long as it wasn't his shooting hand, he could handle wearing a splint for a day or two until Medical stopped hovering over him. "They stole schematics for weapons that S.H.I.E.L.D. had been developing based on Asgardian and Jotunheimian technology. I drew the short straw and had to come fetch them."
"You will need them eventually, Cas." Meg corrected, picking out a grape from the salad and tossing it up in the air to catch in her mouth. She held out her hands in a 'ta-da' gesture, waving her fingers expressively at the trio of housemates who were just watching her with expressions of confused politeness on their faces. "Philistines, that was impressive and you know it. Not as impressive as Dean and Cas's never ending supply of prophylactics, but whatever it's still pretty good."
He was trying to remember if Meg liked moo-shu chicken or pork better when he heard the smaller woman screeching his name from where he had gone into the kitchen to get the number for the restaurant off of the memo pad she had attached to her fridge and a drink.
He tossed his messenger bag which was heavy with half-written essays and blank applications for summer internships over his shoulder, pulled up the sleeves of his cardigan that he had decided to wear since the March weather was still nippy and took one last look around his apartment before setting off. Almost four years in the dwelling and it still felt like it belonged more to Balthazar than it did him and once during a party, someone had asked him who the enigmatic Brit’s lucky roommate was and hadn’t seemed very convinced when Castiel replied that he was it. Most people looked supremely unimpressed when they met him, especially when they learned who his family was and how little he had done to earn the name that had been given to him when he was adopted at age two.
Alfie just rolled his eyes and got up to take the burgers off of the grill, "I get the feeling I should've stayed at the hotel."
No, if anything it was those fucking queer Novak boys; poisoning his sons against him. He had had his suspicions about that Cas kid since the first time that he had seen him, but everything with Sam and the older Novak had just been more urgent and obvious and something he had honestly thought he could fix at the time. But his lectures had just driven his youngest son right into the arms of that jailbaiting homo and Dean hadn't been around to hear most of them so how could he have known?
"Sure!" Charlie exclaimed, pressing a hand against her chest in relief and tugging on the baggy sleeve of Becky's sweatshirt to get the other girl moving. "Yes, yes. We'll go. Come on, Becky we're going come on before he gets all grouchy again."
Dean reached out a hand to cup the other boy's face and fought to even out his breathing, letting out a few more giggles and wiping at his eyes with the back of his hand. "Nothing, babe. I just...I'm just really happy."
Later he would admit that Mary was a lot more than that, that she genuinely had feelings for John and maybe it hadn't been love, but if he had left after the wedding it probably could have been someday. But he had been stubborn and angry and unwilling to let go of John even though he was married now with a son because the other man had been his first. He might have inherited his father's penchant for self-destructive behavior just a little bit when he bought the old scrap yard on the outskirts of town and started up the garage, hiring John as his first employee because hell, he had a family to support now and Dean was going to be the closest thing he ever had to a kid so he wanted to make sure his friend's son was taken care of.
He swallowed the lump in his throat and forced a grin at his teacher, getting to his feet with much more aplomb than he felt. With a quick prayer to whatever or whoever might have been listening, though Castiel liked to think that somewhere God's voicemail was not entirely full just yet, he faced his classmates seeing interest, mirth, hostility, exhaustion, hunger, confusion, and a myriad of other emotions screaming back at him from the audience in front of him.
"Charlie said my book was in here," Castiel began, smirking at how cute the guilty expression that skirted over Dean's features was. "Now is it or was that just an elaborate ruse to get me alone so that you could glom onto me? It's welcome glomming by the way, feel free to glom anytime the glomming urge strikes you. In fact, if we are in the same general vicinity I will be disappointed in there is no intense huggature going on."
"And you do all of the maintenance yourself," Balthazar marveled, adjusting his deep V-neck shirt where it had gotten hiked up when Crowley had caught the other man before he fell. "You're just a regular Renaissance Man, James."
"No sir," the girl announced, her voice bringing Castiel's attention back to her as she pointed at the showers just a short way down the hallway. "You said that last night and then it turned into three hours of you Gossip Girl-ing all over me. I had to beg Hestible Lecter to let me use the showers after lights out last night just so I could scrub off all the man-pain after you fell asleep. I'm sleep-deprived, hungry, and I have cramps; please go take a shower."
The chances of the lock still being there were astronomical and Cas should know that, he was almost done with his dissertation for his doctorate in theoretical physics after all.
"Hon, you didn't have a level to lose and you should want to follow the rules every day, not just when you want brownie points," Ellen responded, putting her hands on her hips and sighing when Dean turned puppy-dog eyes onto her. "Three days and I don't want to hear you and Charlie playing that idiotic game. The one that leaves you both covered in bruises that make it look like Bobby and I are abusing you."
Dean's brow furrowed as he followed his friend as she lifted the lid of her trunk to reveal a springy, jumbled mass of blue, purple, and dark red flowers mixed arranged in a large rectangular vase with dark green foliage peppered in liberally. It was beautiful without being overly feminine or making him feel like they were sent out of pity. Because it was obvious who they were from, there was only one person who dean could think of that would have any reason to send him something so wonderful.
"Well she will too," Tessa said quickly, making a come on gesture with her hands when both Naomi and Chuck gave her a pointed look. "I'm being the honest expediter here. You both like each other and you both have issues with relationships, you're both going to try to talk yourself out of this. Don't. Can I have Naomi now? Because I've got some serious fuckery going on and zero time for this."
"Mom, yea." Alfie blurted, his voice sounding high-pitched and nervous. "Just y'know, calling you like I said I would. I know that you worry."
Jo nodded, pushing up the fake glasses on her nose that she was wearing for her costume, some character out of a movie that Castiel had never heard of, but it wasn't much different from what she normally wore to school, her hair was just ratted up and her clothes were a bit baggier.
"No," Castiel lied, deciding that it was better if his older brother didn't know how close he had actually come to jumping of the Brooklyn Bridge that morning. "I just felt really bad and there was no one else there to talk to so I came here and signed myself in for a bit."
an Andrea, whatever that meant, but the moniker was even further from her real name than Lexi was so she had thought it might make it even easier to repress whatever this new john was about to ask her to do.
When had they started letting girlfriends and boyfriends come to movie night? When had it become a rule that just because you were hooking up with someone they were automatically part of the group? They had never let Dean bring a date to movie night, but then again most of the girls in his life weren't exactly the type to stick around and cuddle and get to know each other after they finished with him.
Cas kept catching glimpses of red clad shoulder pads suspended under tan skin and light brown hair and his heart leapt in his throat every time even though it kept turning out to be some other player and not Dean. The longer he milled through the crowd getting separated from his friends in the process, the dumber he felt for being so silly, but something about the excitement of the fans around him and the buzzing of the stadium lights made him feel like he was living in a sappy, romantic comedy and any minute now the hero was going to sweep him up and they would kiss triumphantly, the camera panning out until they were lost in the crush of the crowd surrounding them.
He tried and failed not to gawk, his mouth going dry and the temperature of the hallway seeming to suddenly spike as he took in the way that the dark haired boy was fidgeting with the lacy hem of the poofy black skirt he was wearing. Smoothing the material with a look of intense concentration on his face before moving on to fix the bows that were at the top of the matching thigh high stockings he was wearing. Complicated looking black and white platform shoes completed the outfit and it wasn’t until Dean heard the sound of a throat being pointedly cleared that he realized he had been caught staring.
“You love me?” Castiel asked, his voice going hopeful for just a second before pain flashed across his features again. “You mean
"My brother told me that ROTC did a lot of community service, when will we have time for that, sir?"
"Meg, I'm sorry." He said nudging her arm with his foot. Meg rolled her eyes at him and crossed her arms over her chest. "Really, I am. You're right. Cas and I, we weren't anything compared to you and Bella. I need to stop being so stupid about the whole thing. I'll call that guy I went out with tonight, he wasn't that bad of a kisser."
"It's actually a really good book," Missouri said setting it back down beside his bag. "Different from everything else he's written, darker."
The boy flinched slightly at the bell, like he hadn't been expecting it to be so loud. He looked at Jo with wide eyes and she couldn't help but smile. "Hi! My name is Jo. Let me see what your schedule looks like and then I can tell you where to go."
"Just get ready for work, Meg." He said hollowly, tearing his eyes off of the screen and shaking off her hand before he left the bedroom without another word.
Maybe it wasn't his place to say anything. Yes, Dean and Sam were practically his family, but John was their flesh and blood father and even though words could cut deep all of your instincts told you to forgive them. Another thing he had been pissed off about when he was talking to Rachel. He could admit that he had probably been projecting just a little bit during his and Dean's fight, but that didn't make anything that he said to his boyfriend any less true.
"Dean," Castiel said softly, adjusting the bundle in his arms so that he could pat his friend on the shoulder causing Dean to look at him for the first time, eyes widening slightly as he took in the other boy's lack of clothing. "I am sure he wasn't talking to just you. You can't take responsibility for the whole team, just do your best. That's all anyone is going to ask."
Castiel's face fell for a second when Dean mentioned snow and he thought that his boyfriend would crack and tell him what he wanted to know, but then the other boy's face hardened even more and he threw the keys hard at Dean's chest.
He gave the younger boy a sympathetic look as he passed where Adam and Jo were sitting together on the couch bickering in hushed tones about nothing in particular, but Cas knew that the girl was still upset about the whole Michael thing; less about the younger boy thinking that his cousin could possibly ever in a million years be good enough for Castiel and more for Adam not telling her.
The salty, smell of the ocean would be covered up by the pollution in the air if he were to open the window, but Castiel imagined that Dean's briny scent was with him in the car. He surreptitiously sniffed his trench coat and was surprised to find that it did actually smell faintly of pumpkins. Of autum and the leaves changing colors and home. He swallowed the lump in his throat and stared out the window with eyes that had glossed over with tears, Cas thought this was all so unfair and the irony was not lost on him when he realized how selfish that sounded. He already had so much and still he wasn't happy.
"Fuck, Cas," Dean swore without heat, taking the last long step that brought them chest to chest before he hesitantly wrapped his arms around the actor's waist and leaned in to press his face into the curve of Castiel's neck. "I think we need to talk. Really talk. And then figure it out from there."
Dean shrugged, his stomach roiling uncomfortably again from the lie. Yea, he’d known exactly how much what he’d done would hurt Cas. And christ, he was so fucking sorry.
“I’d settle for your letting me buy you a beer,” Dean replies cautiously, unwilling to let this strange, impassioned man out of his sight so soon.
He snatched down the one for a nearby pizza place; it felt like a pizza kind of night and went to sit back down next to Meg. Dean pulled his phone out of the pocket of his pajama pants and dialed in the number, quickly placing an order for a large meat lover's with extra cheese and sauce that the man assured him would arrive in less than thirty minutes or it was free.
Dean's breath caught in his throat when Castiel's blue eyes locked onto his own and he saw the unspoken question in them. Dean gave the other boy a slight nod and watched as the smaller boy's face lit up like he had just gotten the best Christmas present of his life.
"No!" Castiel said tightening his hold around Dean's waist and burying his face in the larger man's neck. "Let's just stay here all day."
"I'm the guest," Castiel grumbled darkly before turning over and stretching out to pull the chain that would cut off the lamp.
The agent shrugged his acceptance of the apology, allowing the silence to stretch companionably between them for a couple of minutes before he reached to retrieve the papers he had been working on before. Crowley cleared his throat briskly and settled his glasses back on his face and Castiel figured that it was probably a signal that the conversation was over at least for now. Except there was still one thing bothering him.
The thought had been growing in his mind as he worked, periodically moving down towards the end of the bar where Cas and Meg had parked themselves to refill their drinks and flirt subtly with the other man in a way that made Castiel's eyes light up when he laughed at Dean's cheesy pick up lines. It felt so comfortable and familiar, like they had never been apart and it wasn't until the bar had started getting busy that Dean noticed how many stares Cas was getting. Not just the kind of stares that someone as good looking as the other man probably got on a regular basis, it was the stares of the general public suddenly finding themselves confronted with someone famous.
"Did we just have our first fight?" Castiel asked innocently, leaning into Dean's chest as his voice dropped lower.
Dean was frozen to the spot, thanking god that it was him who was having to deal with John having very obviously lost his mind and not Sammy because his younger brother would've already popped off about the 'those kind of people' comment and gotten himself killed. But Dean knew how stubborn his dad could be and usually once he had made him mind up it was pointless arguing with him. So if John was crazy and crazy was saying that he was going to shoot Cas if Dean didn't do what he was told and kept arguing with him then Dean was going to not poke crazy with a stick and be surprised when he got the exact response he knew he had been threatened with.
Castiel couldn't help but agree, he didn't think he would ever be prouder of his little sister than he had been when he had ran out of Jo's house to see her standing over three men twice her size just outside of the Cadillac, wielding a small pink can of pepper spray and shouting the most colorful obscenities he had ever heard anyone use.
“I’m Dr. Novak,” the other man answered, putting the earbuds of his stethoscope into his ears before he stepped into Dean’s space and started lifting it towards his chest. “But you can call me Castiel, if that helps with the confusion.”
Castiel stuttered a bit at Jo's sudden offer before finding his voice again, "I have an ROTC meeting afterschool today. I will be busy."
"Y'know, that is excellent advice," Castiel said, getting up and heading in Dean's direction, grabbing two of the beers off of the table as he went. "You should be a doctor or something, Ash."
He snagged one of the free plastic rosaries out of a decorative dish near the entrance as he went, wondering if he could remember the whole Hail Mary without having to Google it. Shit, he was practically whistling. Damn it felt good to be forgiven.
"This is the first time since Daniel, right?" she asked quietly, not wanting the younger man to shut down again like he had so many times before when she brought up his former classmate.
good graces without Dean having to climb through dusty ventilation shafts, but the assassin had walked out of their last sparring session in frustration when Dean had stopped fighting back and the Russian was notorious for holding grudges. So the archer scrapped that plan.
Dean wasn't looking to become an alcoholic by drowning all of his bad feeling in a bottle of bourbon, but he was sure as hell starting feel like that was exactly what could happen if he continued like this.
"Just so you know, Cas," Dean whispered low enough that Cas was pretty sure Ash and Charlie couldn't hear him over the screeching sound effects that were blaring out of the television. "I've been wanting to touch your hair since the first time I saw you."
in the room with him, which honestly he'd been up against worse odds before (Budapest came roaring to the forefront of his mind), but that wasn't what was making him doubt his whole grand untested plan. The simple fact of the matter was, he was getting a little bit desperate. Despite his cock-suredness and ability to withstand pretty much any physical torture known to man, Dean was still not 100% comfortable with being back in the field since the whole Michael taking control of his mind with his weird celestial scepter ma-bob.
Cas flinched, startled by the contact and his eyes skimmed over the page before he looked up at Dean with the curious tilt to his head that Dean was beginning to associate with the boy. He pulled the notebook closer and scrawled a response, his handwriting messier when he wasn’t taking care to make it legible. Dean had trouble making it out in the dim light of the room.
It was so hard to tear himself away from the other boy who was sitting on the edge of the bed in his blue slacks with his white button down gaping open revealing the taunt muscles of his chest and abdomen, but Becky said if nothing else lube was essential so he didn't hurt Cas. Dean raced down to his car as quickly as possible, ignoring the desk clerk who yelled at him not to run and ripped the bottle of lube out of its box along with a handful of condoms that he quickly shoved into the pockets of his pants before speed-walking back to the elevator.
"I'm not going to last very long," Castiel admitted to Dean who just grinned at him from around the head of his cock, bobbing down farther on him as his right hand disappeared out of Cas's view below the edge of the couch. "But that was the point, you sneaky bastard."
Castiel gave the woman a shaky smile and then looked over to where Gabriel was giving Anna a tight hug on the couch that Rachel had had brought in from the waiting room for the evening for them to sit on. He felt like his little sister should be the one getting the praise. It was easy for him and Gabe to stand up to their father. After all, Reverad Novak had explicitly stated that the pair were as good as dead to him and he had probably burned all of their pictures too, just like he had done to their mother's after she had passed away.
Gabriel was still pulling them out of school for the whole week though; apparently it was something that the older man had set up with the school back when he was registering Castiel and Anna for classes and they were flying out to Chicago on Monday morning. Dean had refused to let them take a taxi to the airport, saying it was the least he and Sam could do for the Novaks claiming that it wasn't really house sitting since Sam was already living there and eating them out of house and home.
He hadn't expected to find his bed empty when he returned. Dean looked around the small space confusedly, checking the bathroom and small kitchen before he finally noticed that the note he had left had been moved to the small table close to the door where he usually ditched his car keys and wallet when he walked in the door. Underneath his written note, there was another added on in small neat handwriting that was so different from his own messy barely legible scrawl.
He watched as Rachel arched an eyebrow at his response and immediately realized his slip up. Damn, Nick Fury was so going to fire him.
"Here," Charlie said breathlessly, appearing in the doorway with a sketchbook, the one that Lisa had pressed into Dean's hands that first day that the other man had been so excited about seeing her. Castiel couldn't believe that he had forgotten about that. "But don't tell him I showed you this, he would kill me."
"Stop staring at me like we haven't been fighting for a week," He snapped, crossing his arms over his chest and rolling his eyes when he heard Coach Wisdom still talking about how Kevin started that fight at the dance and he didn't understand why the whole baseball team had to suffer because of some freshman.
"We'll order pizza!" Charlie declared loudly before turning back to Becky and chattering excitedly about how great it was going to be once she had discharged and was on her own again.
So the week had passed in a blur of him and Cas spending as much time together as possible with Dean doing all of the cooking anytime he wasn't working and Castiel wasn't running around being handsome for photographers all over San Francisco as he got fitted for his wardrobe for the movie and rushing off to the places that Crowley barked at him to go to over the phone so that he could be seen with the right people and the hype for the movie could continue to build before they even started filming.
"You're real sweet sometimes, Gabs." Sam muttered, bumping his shoulder against the other man's before holding open the short swinging door so they could head towards the Impala that Cas and Dean were probably already molesting each other in.
He shrugged, glancing into the day area. Dean wasn't in there, but he had left Ash sitting on one of the couches with Becky at the other end, chattering and gesturing animatedly even though the other man didn't seem to be responding.
It was Thursday night after his therapy appointment with Rachel and for the first time he had ducked out of dinner with Gabriel to allow his older brother some time to spend with Sam. Apparently the pair had told Dean about their relationship and the older Winchester hadn't freaked out about the whole thing.
"After I put Nair in Dean's shampoo this morning," the other man said softly and breezily. "Call it payback for his leaving my house unattended."
He just took a deep breath instead and barred his teeth in something that he hoped looked more like a smile instead of a grimace for the other girl. "I'm still going to meet Dean, Charlie. Just...can you give me some privacy?"
"Hey!" Charlie exclaimed, shaking Castiel lightly on the shoulder. "That's good news, you only need one kidney to live, Cas. So he can't be that mad."
Dean followed quickly and was led into a doorless office that contained a padded, reclining tattooing chair, a very large tool chest that was covered in stickers, and even more art featuring tribal tattoos on the walls.
"Is...is this okay?" Castiel asked hesitantly, gesturing up and down himself and biting his lip like he hadn't meant to ask Dean the question in the first place.
"Fuck...Dean, yes right fucking there," Castiel muttered, hot and gravely in to his ear before nipping his jaw, grazing his teeth along the stubble in a way that just made Dean growl in reply because speech had long ago abandoned him when he surrendered to his more primal need to make Cas cry out his name and writhe beneath him.
The larger boy tossed on the first pieces of clothing that he snatched off the floor, only bothering with putting on more than boxers in an effort to maintain any shred of privacy he and Cas might have left after the other boy had woke him up in the middle of the night with urgent, messy kisses all over his face that ended up in them gasping and moaning as they touched each other, trying to be as quiet as possible and probably failing in an effort to try to not wake up Bobby.
"So you don't like red heads, got it." Jo said with a laugh, her expression turning suddenly impish as she pointed out a busty blonde girl standing in line at the Panda Express near where they were sitting. "What about her?"
“Whole block's out,” the stranger offered without preamble. “At least as much of it as I could see in the snow, I think it’s a blizzard.”
And like they’d just signed closing paperwork on their new house a week ago and Dean had been riding that high all through the tedious task of packing up their home and loading the UHaul until here he stood. The picture thing had been something Cas had wanted to do. Had seen it on TikTok or some other dumb social media site and Dean had never been one to refuse his partner anything.
Sam...he could almost understand Sam; the kid had always been 'sensitive', bookish, kept to himself, and didn't want to play the sports or do the rough and tumble little boy things that Dean had always been so keen on doing. It had almost come as a relief when the little faggot had moved out, with Bobby saying that if John couldn't see that he was doing the same thing to his youngest son that his old friend's father had done to them then he was delusional. John knew though that the only thing he had ever been delusional about was how he had felt about Bobby and about how Bobby had felt about him. It wouldn't have been so easy for the other man to walk away if they had been in love, if Bobby had ever loved him.
A little over midway through the trip he fell asleep, face pressed up against the glass of the window and his trench coat pulled up over his head to block out the light and make a snug, warm pumpkin scented haven that he could wallow in. A soft tapping on sound near his face is what brought him back and he snorted and sputtered as he woke up, the cold glass making his face feel flat and his glasses pinching his nose from where they had settled crookedly in his sleep.
The angel paused, his eyes crinkling at the corners as they flitted over Dean’s features. “Dean, I really don’t care.”
It was the only way he was going to make it through the night, sleeping in that tiny bed with Dean and even though Castiel knew this it didn't make him feel any less awkward about the whole thing. The other boy probably didn't have this kind of problem, getting aroused at even the mention of sleeping with another person.
Pros...pros...Dean knew that there were pros to dating Cas, but it was hard to put them into words. Mainly it was just that he was happy when he was around the other man, felt lighter and safer with the actor than he had in a long time. But was that all?
“Ugh don’t go,” Lexi replied, frustrated. “That’s not what I meant, I just...Jesus, Benny, you don’t even know my name and you want to take me out to dinner and a movie? I’m a fucking whore, okay? You could do so much better.”
“That’s right,” Dean muttered pointing a stern finger at his reflection. “That’s why you’re doing this. Now go get ‘em tiger!”
"Sorry, Mr. Collins," The man said in a voice that sounded sincerely repentant. "Mr. Crowley said if I let you out of the car he would put me on a rack and make sure I died slowly."
“Guys,” Jo said getting the attention of the early risers who were in the room. Castiel could see from the clock that it was just after eight; Balthazar and Meg probably weren’t even up yet. “This is Castiel. I need a volunteer to show him around while Garth and I get his room together. Anyone?”
He took a shuddering breath in and disconnected the call, not leaving a message yet again because what was the point? Dean was probably dead or at least wished he was and Cas had done nothing to help him. Just waited around like an idiot while John took him away somewhere because he was scared of having more people he cared about get hurt. Dean was going to die and Cas would never be able to forgive himself for it; it would only be a matter of time before the simple act of living without the other boy became unbearable. Until then, all he could do was count.
He could hear muffled voices coming from around the corner in the direction of the rec room, but he was too lost in thought, concerned with whatever it was that Charlie might show him to bother with investigating it. It was probably someone playing a video game already, something violent if the noises that sounded like shouting were anything to go by, probably Dick and Crowley since he hadn't seen them yet this morning.
Also, please let me know what you think about how everything is working out. This is not the end, how could it be?!? Honestly, it was never supposed to take us this long to get here, but I guess I just got carried away.
"Then makes you dumber," Meg said sticking her tongue out at other man before they both turned back to the TV when they heard the tell-tale sound of a staged slap.
"Oh-kay," Gabriel said rolling his eyes slightly before pulling him into another tight hug, which Castiel returned tentatively. He never used to have a problem with hugs, but it had become a problem over the last year when his body had started acting out on him anytime it wanted to, he was pretty certain that he wouldn't be getting a boner around his brother though, adopted or not it was still weird as shit. "I love you Castiel. And you're going to be fine, asking for help is a big step and I'll do better so that you feel like you can come to me in the future."
He knew he had been dreaming, could remember a vague image of a green scarf and the taste of chocolate, but the rest was slipping away from him; like water carried in someone's cupped hands, the more careful you are not to lose any of it the faster it seems to disappear between the cracks and crevices of your fingers. There had been something about pictures, embarrassing ones?
"Six means you're singing show tunes and camping out in a line to buy tickets to a Streisand concert. You have matching poodles and go to equality rallies and stuff. Yea, I think I get it, Sammy. What does this have to do with you getting in a fight with some of Jo's douche bag party guests?"
"Hey, lady," he began thickly, wincing when he ran a hand through his hair and his battered knuckles brushed through his sweat spiked hair. "Don't freak out or anything, its fine. I'm gonna be fine, just try to calm down."
“Ugh okay,” Dean groaned, throwing up his hands as he made his way towards the dunk tank’s ladder and toed off his shoes. “For the kids.”
“Can you keep it down?” A wan sounding male voice piped from farther down the hallway. Castiel noticed for the first time a smallish man with pale skin sagging off of his skeletal frame and dark circles under his eyes wearing white pajamas under a blue housecoat watching him along with several other people who had poked their heads out of the various doorways that lined the ward. “Some of us are trying to sleep.”
The door swung open suddenly from the inside, catching Sam in the shoulder causing him to stumble back half a step and drop his messenger back, where it promptly exploded, sending spirals and pens scattering.
He shrugged and headed towards the showers, taking care to flip the sign so that no one would walk in on him like he was terrified of happening after Dean's introductory warning the day before. It felt like a lifetime ago that he had gotten on the ward, way more than just a day and he wondered how his mom had been able to stand all of that time that she had spent sitting in hospitals while she got chemotherapy or the final languishing weeks that she had been confined to a bed stuck full of tubes and surrounded by beeping machines as the world crept on endlessly around her. Time moved differently here than other places, slower.
Castiel watched his friend turn and walk away, standing just outside the circle of light cast by the streetlights at the entrance of the park until Dean's leather clad back was no longer visible. The thrumming under his skin hadn't abated. He just wished that the other boy felt it too.
"We locked the door," Sam defended, putting his hand on the other man's arm and squeezing slightly. "Which is more than you do most of the time. Kev said he and his mom would do a drive by to make sure that no one broke in, don't worry about it."
At least that's what he thought until he heard a low, impressed whistle come from the chairs that had been arranged in front of him and his head shot up to see Dean giving him a tired, red-eyed half smirk from the second row of seats. The other man's smile faltered as Castiel stared back at wide-eyed at him, shocked that he had been so engrossed in playing the keyboard that he hadn't even noticed Dean sneak into the room. Dean cleared his throat after a few seconds of just the two of them staring at each other and dropped his gaze down to his hands that Cas realized after a confused blink were clutching tightly at the curved wooden spine of a tambourine.
"No one deserves this," Castiel replied, forcing back the memory of his brother pinning him to the cold, bare concrete floor of their basement; knees holding down his arms as the older man had cut the cross over his heart, saying that he deserved it. That it was the only way that he could be saved and be with them all in heaven one day.
“Cool,” Castiel said, moving over to pick up the ground coffee that Charlie had set aside for another tasting. “I have a study guide for the written portion if you want to borrow it. It's a few years old, but I doubt much has changed since I took the test.”
Cas can probably feel how chapped they are now, but Dean doubts that he knows what lip balm is. He makes a mental note to stop somewhere and pick some up for the other man at a gas station or something before they reach Garth’s house. Dean is so lost in thought that he doesn’t even answer Cas, thinking about what else the other man might need now that he is human; things that he had just forgotten about himself in his haste to get them out the door before Zeke took off somewhere with Sam’s body or overlooked because they were things that were obvious to him, deodorant and shampoo maybe some razors so that Cas could shave. Did he know how to shave? Maybe he could teach him if he had time before heading back to the bunker.
Samuil pushed himself purposefully out of his chair, stalking towards Cas in a way that still managed to look menacing despite the fact that the assassin was wearing S.H.I.E.L.D. issued sweatpants and a t-shirt. Agent Collins stood his ground, exuding that air of confidence and calm that Dean had found so attractive when he was first learning the ropes at S.H.I.E.L.D. It had helped that Collins hadn't talked to him like he was a piece of uneducated, carnie, criminal scum, but right now the past wasn't what concerned him.
"Do you have a lot of anger, Castiel?" the other woman asked, receiving a noncommittal shrug in return. The boy didn't know what the hell he needed. "Well how about this, you come to one of the group therapies; there is one after breakfast and one after lunch and then spend the rest of the day today sitting in on any other one's that stick out for you. You and I can talk again in the morning and decide on which ones will work out best."
"I think both of us would be better off not living in that apartment anymore," Sam replied seriously, repeating the sentiment that all of the Novaks had expressed on the ride to the airport in his Impala when Dean had made the comment that it was going to be lonely without Cas staying over every night with him. "No one would blame you for getting your own place, you are eighteen now. Or hell, come stay here, it's not like you don't already just walk in whenever you want anyway."
"I do a lot of things on purpose, Cas." Gabriel said eyeing a clump of snow in a scientific way before promptly diving over and shoving it down the back of Sam's shirt. The younger boy shrieked and batted the other man away, standing up quickly to try to shake the icy slush out of his clothing. "That for instance, I did that on purpose."
"Dean," Castiel said softly, using his other hand to cup his face and bring his head up so that Dean had to look at the other boy. "It's better that he's not here anymore. I know you miss him, but Sam's safer away from your dad."
"I'll let my dad know that he's marketing to the wrong group then, he should be targeting the unhappy housewife demographic," Castiel replied, laughing when Dean's expression immediately changed to one of shock and disbelief. "Seriously though, his other books are better; he just wrote this one at a rough time."
Castiel seemed to consider this information for a moment before giving Dean a serious, approving nod. “I like it. Castiel is so serious sounding; I was named for the Angel of Thursday. My brother, Gabriel, calls me Cassie.”
"Fuck, Cas. Shit." Dean cursed, throwing his hands out to the sides before reason caught up with him and he gingerly pushed the actor away from him; craning his neck so that he could see Cas biting his lip with a pained expression on his face. "I'm sorry, baby. I'm so fucking sorry, that was stupid so stupid. Damnit."
The cold morning sunlight bled into the room around the neglected gauzy curtains that had been covering the windows for as long as Dean could remember and a glance outside had him smiling when he realized that it had finally snowed hard enough to stick, like the weather had been waiting for Castiel's birthday to happen before it finally made up its mind about winter. He had already started mentally compacting the perfect snowball in his head, one that would look amazing exploding in Gabriel's face and pretty much satisfy the protective need he had to pummel the other man anytime he saw Gabe touch Sam without making his brother hate him, when he saw it.
"That just sounds like the name of a guy who'd off himself," Charlie said with a shudder. "Brood. I think I understand why you say this game is morbid now, Becks. But I want that ice cream so how about...Oh, Howard W. Campbell Jr., spy, and hung himself."
"I hear that," Charlie declared, putting up a hand for a high five that the other girl immediately reciprocated. "But she probably wouldn't do it for Cas either, because she would know that he's asking for Dean."
“You were in the emergency room earlier, right?” Dean asked ahead of him, turning slightly and grinning as he ran a hand nervously over the back of his neck. “You were talking to Charlie.”
"I've got to go," Castiel muttered, jumping to his feet and heading out of the room because the teasing tone in the other man's voice reminded him too much of how dream Dean had talked to him and it was scary how...comfortable it felt, familiar. "Y'know, homework stuff. My book is in my room, I'm going to go get it."
"Are you really in AA?" Namoi asked suddenly, needing to know because that was going to be the deal breaker for her; unlike his ex she liked the writing and how Chuck could get lost in the worlds he created for his characters, but sobriety was going to be a must. "I don't think you're lying, but I need to know you're serious. I need to know its going to stick."
“Oh, suicidal. Huh, well then I guess that’s one less rage-a-holic that I might get punched by. Anyway, you’re therapist is going to be Dr. Mosely and she’s a great lady, stern when she needs to be but very perceptive. She’s not in on the weekends so you won’t see her until tomorrow, but all of the groups and stuff are during the week anyway so we just kind of chill on the weekends.”
But Hael was a woman and even though she eyed his biceps when Castiel was doing half-hearted pushups as part of his cooldown, the thought of whoring himself out for five minutes with an iPhone kinda made him nauseous. Or that could’ve been the mini bottles of vodka he’d been slamming back with Raphael, Kev, and Charlie last night as they’d eaten delivered pizza in Kevin’s hotel suite. Balthazar had stuck to nursing a beer, amused by their antics, but otherwise aloof in the way that Castiel thought only took away from the other man’s attractiveness.
"Something strong, please." Castiel said wringing his hands anxiously as she looked up at him wide-eyed when he spoke.
"Sure," she said, smirking at him knowingly. "You should call Mike, he wanted to know if you planned on turning in those internship applications still. He said he would talk to your teachers about school if you need him to and that a couple of the internships would extend their deadlines if he just asked."
"You've been engaged for a year?" Castiel said stunned, swallowing hard and shaking his head confusedly.
The smaller boy thrust his hips forward again, hard. Tugging on Dean's hair until he opened his eyes from where they had fluttered shut as the sensation of his stroking hand coupled with the movement of the other boy in his mouth overwhelmed him."Okay, fine. But next time, you wait. You'll wait until I say you can."
Disappointment laced with relief because the familiar looking drawing of Dr. Mosely in her office wasn't signed by Dean, in fact it was a stretch to call the loopy, scrawled initials at the bottom of the drawing a signature at all. He had just been so excited to have a clue about who his secret admirer was that he had started rushing towards the day area and Charlie so he could tell her about it before the sudden realization that it was a 'M' and not a 'D' doodled in front of the 'W' that stood for the artists' last name had completely knocked the wind out of his sails and brought him to a standstill in the middle of the hallway.
“I’d like that,” Castiel admitted, scuffing the toe of his platform against the floor shyly as he looked up at Dean underneath his eyelashes. “And you look really nice too by the way. Very pretty.”
Only it wasn't that either that had him sitting up on the couch in his living room, the hand that was still clutching his phone even as he slept shooting up to his heart as he jerked himself awake to the sound of the front door slamming and his brother's voice filtering into the living room.
“I’m kidding,”  the other man deadpanned, kneeling to put his shoes on. “We shared an Uber and then you insisted on letting me sleep on the couch in your suite. Nothing happened.”
So why could Sam see Agent Castiel Collins too? And why was Kevin stepping forward to shake his husband's free hand, the one that wasn't holding a cup of coffee from The Hub's canteen? And why was Crowley calling Cas 'Agent Feathers' before frowning at the dead man's crooked blue tie, the one that Dean had given Cas for his handler's birthday during his first year at S.H.I.E.L.D., like it had personally insulted him?
"You're just so cute and smart," Dean continued, his tone hushed and reverent. "And I know you're way too good for me, but I still want to try. I don't know if I'll ever feel like this again, Cas and I don't want to miss out just because I'm scared. I bet you're not scared of anything, maybe that's why I like you so much."
"Well, when you feel ready I'm sure you will find the right way to tell him. You deserve to be happy Castiel."
"See how is that fair?" Ash asked, small crumbs of toast flying out of his mouth as he tried to speak and eat at the same time. "If anyone should be able to leave its me. This place is only making me feel like the man is all over me, watching me, because they fucking
"Ugh, god no," the redhead said quickly, shaking her head at the other man as he fell to his knees beside her. "And thank you, for announcing my porn proclivities to everyone. You're a real pal there,
"What happened, Cas?" Sam asked, wrapping his arms around the older man's waist and forcing him to be still instead of continuing to squirm as he tried to get comfortable. "Did you guys get in a fight for something?"
“Adam,” Castiel began seriously. “I told you I want to kill myself and you’re just going to send me home with a piece of paper? What if I do something?”
