“Absolutely not. I’ve read your life record- associating with you for any reason would be less than advantageous.”
anymore. He was just walking to nowhere, over the dead bodies and under the withered tree branches that reached out to him through gaps in chain-link fences over and over again in some morbid loop. He didn’t know why, but he’d be walking on that cold concrete until he was commanded to stop, or until the street lights faded off at the end of the road, or until the same person who had killed the people he stepped over made his rounds again and tore him limb from limb. The only real choice he had was which direction to take, and even then, it all depended on what the voices in his head said.
, and it had a heart and a will of its own, and Dean had to see this journey through just to take a chance on it.
“Joel, I think this is where we need the Reaper.” After Sam laid down the virgin’s blood, he turned to them; setting the final jar down and looking over to his brother, who had now found himself easily fixated on the finished piece. “Dean, it’s time.”
“He was...close to us. To me.” Dean finally spoke. “We did some of everything together, including kill some of the angels you mentioned, and he made everyday feel better for me. Special. Whenever I needed him, he was there- and whenever he needed me, I tried to do anything I could to ease his pain. Before I knew it, I-I realized I had fallen in love with him.”
Nice and easy, like a river of well-aged whiskey, Joel laughed- and when Maryanne followed suit, Dean felt the sensation of loneliness grow that much stronger as he waited for the two of them to remember that they weren’t the only two people who existed on the planet. When he turned to Sam, he found that his younger brother looked more than used to it, and wondered if the emotion he felt then was what it was like to be a third wheel. Shuffling on his feet and wondering just how long it would take for them to acknowledge his existence again, Dean clasped his hands together silently and breathed a sigh of relief when their string of connection had finally been cut and they looked back at their two guests.
“If it was, you'd know it." Sam explained "Before we left Joel's- well his vessel's- house, I snatched it from the coffee table. Do you think it’s his?”
“It’s boring down here, you know.” Ephraim said with a yawn, scowling as he looked around and scrunched his nose at the slight imperfections he saw around his recreated reality. “Of course now, as you can see, I can change it to wherever I want; but whenever I first came down here,it was different. Quiet. Nothing but this black sludge all around, choking me, dissecting me, eating me.” The angel flicked his hands and clicked his tongue when he realized that the ooze on his arms was the one thing that would stay put despite any other changes he made to the Empty, as if that was something he hadn’t already tried before in the years he’d been down there.
Dean finally reunites with his brother and chooses to put aside the thought of making easy conversation in favor of the priority of formulating how to get *him* back. A passive aggressive argument and tons of apologizing ensues.
It was because he knew the plan he had created was flawed, and he knew that it was only a matter of days until he’d have to go through with it.
“Of course, Dean.” The peeks of Ephraim’s grin could be seen as he patted Dean’s shoulder. “If you do a good job, I might even give him a few of his powers back.”
“What, ‘cause you kill off your vessels so often?” Dean didn’t wait to hear an answer before flinging the door open and pointing inside the room. “Come on, get inside.”
The car revved to a start as Sam pulled off yet again, heading to another location in Yonkers and driving idly to the mellow sounds of Joleyne, the country melody being the only sound that echoed within the Chevrolet Impala. An unknown tranquility rode with them, like a foreign feeling between strangers, and Dean just couldn’t understand why Sam was so on edge, all of a sudden.
“Humans sure do evolve quickly. Trapping a Reaper?" He was impressed, which was an emotion Dean could tell was hard to come by when it came to him. “Do you need my help for anything at all?”
“Well, it’ll spit him back out as soon as it realizes that Dean doesn’t belong there.” Joel now idly waved his other hand in the air as he spoke, slapping away mosquitoes that had begun their early morning flight. “No matter how the scene plays out, Dean will inevitably be cast back into Earth after a few seconds at max. The Empty is a place solely designed for God’s servants- and no matter how hard he tries, if he tries, Ephraim can’t go against that rule.”
was back in the world with him, but he relaxed a bit when he realized that the affirming thought had gotten just a bit more believable for him.
“Tha-That’s-” He stuttered before giving a huff. “Just get ready to get in the damn car, you two. We’re headed to Scottsdale.”
Dean lifted himself from the car and heard the door creak open as Sam hopped in, closing the driver’s door with a dull thunk and quickly pulling off towards the job’s location- a secluded mansion further ahead, hidden behind thick brush and even thicker fog. Finally, it was just Dean and Cas, now, in the middle of a dead country town with no plans and a helluva lot of time to kill. It almost felt honeymoonish, in a weird but strangely comfortable way, and Dean could tell that Castiel was just as clueless as he was when it came to what the fuck they were gonna do.
For the first time in his life, he was indecisive, and the thick silence that sat between them sure as hell wasn’t helping him make up his mind in the slightest.
“Joel said that you couldn’t have any power as a Shepherd of The Empty.” Dean didn’t answer the question. He didn’t want to accept what Ephraim was suggesting. “He said it was just a title.”
The woman laughed, clutching her sides and slowly stumbling out from the counter. “That is the dumbest, most totally outrageous logic I’ve ever heard, man!“
“That’s what I said. The short one.” Joel pointed at Dean with his cigarette and took a breath, blowing the smoke out of the gap in the window and not noticing Dean’s deadpan expression.
“Whatcha thinking about, Cas?” Castiel didn’t realize how much he’d zoned out until he felt the voice in his ear.  Startled, his eyes flew to Dean standing next to him.
He stands and preens for a few minutes before he sees Cas visibly shake himself, turn off the engine, and climb off the tractor.  Cas walks slowly over to Dean and says in his low voice, “Hello Dean.”  Dean visibly shivers at hearing his name in that gravel tone.
It isn’t until Saturday afternoon that Emma remembers her project and she loudly tells Dean about the letter she is supposed to write to Santa Claus and take to school on Monday.  Cas has gone out to run errands without Emma because taking Emma always adds at least an hour to any time he budgets for getting things done. Dean is always happy to stay at Cas’ with her.  They are at the kitchen table with a couple of Christmas themed coloring books and a tub full of crayons when she brings it up.
“Is it really that early?”  Dean holds up his wrist towards Cas and taps his smartwatch.  6:09 am pops up on the face before going black again.  Cas’ cheeks again turn pink.
“Just so you know, I’ve never taken anyone to that diner that we went to on our first date.  I’ve never brought anyone to a family barbecue before.  Ask Sammy.  Lisa’s been to Blue Falls before.  She came to meet Sam once when we’d just started living together.  I didn’t take her to that diner.  I didn’t throw a barbecue at Sam’s house when I brought her to town.”  Hope and insecurity flowed through Castiel at Dean’s confession.  Dean looked sincere but his past was trying to convince him that Dean was lying.  “Cas, this whole thing where we date?  I’ve told you that relationships are not my strong suit and I mean it.  Of course I’m afraid of screwing it up.  Who wouldn’t be considering my history?  But this matters – you matter.”  Dean stepped closer and brought his other hand up to Cas’ face, cupping his jaw carefully.  Cas felt cherished by the gesture – something he hadn’t felt in a long, long time.  “I don’t know how it happened so fast, but you matter to me Cas.  Please believe me.”
Cas might come from a family with money but Dean comes from a single family and will need all the scholarship help he can get in order to pay for college. Dean’s proud to work part-time on the weekends for his Uncle Bobby to save money for himself once he gets to college. Heck, without Cas’ help Dean wouldn’t even be going to college. He’s the one that helped Dean find and fill out all those scholarship applications. Charlie helped, of course, but without Cas pushing Dean to keep submitting them, he wouldn’t be in a place to even accept the offers he received.
Determined to face Dean and the consequences of his half-baked decision, Cas went back out to confront Dean only to find that the table he and Lisa had been sitting at was now empty.  Quickly retreating back to the kitchen, Cas found Jo there and cornered her before she could sprint back out to serve her customers.
As Dean continues to hear the tractor make its rounds on the large patch of grass behind the farmhouse, he grits his teeth and thinks that Cas has to be done soon.  Cas will be finished and then he’ll turn off the tractor and Dean can go back to his own thoughts without the benefit of the buzz from the engine in his head.  It takes 20 minutes of hearing the tractor for Dean to lose his temper and storm out the door and down the steps.  The first thing that vaguely registers in his mind is that it is cold outside.  He glances down to see that he’s only wearing a grey pair of sweatpants he dragged on when he got out of bed and the tags around his neck that he hasn’t gotten comfortable with removing just yet.  He realizes that he didn’t even put his sliders on when he hops down off of the last step on to gravel and has to bite back a curse when a rock lands in that soft spot between his first two toes.  He’s been trying so hard not to curse because he wants to be a good example for Claire.  She does not need to be sharing his bad language with the other kids in preschool.  Cas wouldn’t let him hear the end of it if that were the case.
“Dean, please don’t stress yourself unduly about this.  You will be a wonderful uncle when the time comes and the pup will be better off for having so many loving, caring family members.  Sam is probably feeling a lot of pressure to be the stoic, unflappable alpha mate,” Cas argues.  “I bet he’ll be just as sappy as you once that little girl or boy is born.  And you’re still young enough to start a family.  When the time is right, it’ll happen for you.”
“Oh, no that’s…” Castiel stops and takes a deep breath.  “She doesn’t have a father.”  Seeing Dean’s comic disbelief means that Cas will have to explain a little better.  Cas doesn’t want to talk about it
“Yeah, but this shop... its-- its different. There’s supposedly a medium who owns it that can ‘direct you to whatever it is that you cannot find’, whatever that means.” Sam said, reading from the tourism guide that popped up on his phone and raising a brow once the meaning of the words registered.
“Kidding! Kidding, just yanking your chain.” Tommy’s voice got lower and lower the more she spoke until she was just mumbling with a smile on her face, but she returned to her otherwise serious expression and pushed the shell away. When she didn’t make any other movements or say any other ‘premonition mumbo jumbo’, as Dean affectionately called it, Sam pointed at the turtle shell and flipped his finger back and forth from it to her a few times.
Before Castiel could make a move to leave, packing up the rest of their food with a soft rustle of the plastic bags, Dean slipped a gun he had taken from the trunk of the car out of his pocket and showed it off like a badge of honor, putting a finger in the air to silence any objections that would come his way and clearing his throat.
They agreed to meet at a small coffee shop at the center of the city, wanting the quaint silence of it in order to quiet their thoughts and devise another plan for the next few days, and Dean was the first to arrive as he reserved two bar seats for he and his brother. When Sam joined him, the two let their conversation drift right back to the plan to bring
Flipping back to the page of the journal just as the car revved back to a start, Sam pointed at the last name that wasn’t crossed out and cleared his throat.
Sam’s face paled, and if Dean wasn’t so on-edge, he would have laughed at how flustered Sam had gotten. “Shit, I’m um- I’m sorry. About the whole ‘mister’ thing and the uh… other stuff I said.”
She was older, most likely in her late 50’s or middle 60’s, but she had a certain southern charm about her that made her brown skin sparkle against the fluorescent lights that shone over her bed and a sharpness in her cheekbones that made her seem 20 or 30 years younger than she was. If you tried hard enough, you could almost forget the wires that were hooked up to her fingers and stuck to her body, and if you tried even harder, you could see her in any situation other than the one she was in at that moment, dressed in a flowing floral dress instead of her bland hospital gown and busying herself with the preparation of a cake instead of previously staring out of the window with a tired posture and a thick book on dream interpretation resting on her lap. As Joel passed by them, Dean could feel the discomfort radiate off of him, and noticed that they weren’t the only ones who weren’t a fan of being in hospital rooms.
They walked, explored, talked and repeated the process for a few more times until Dean felt Castiel stop again, this time fixated on another storefront in another building. This one was more crowded, though, as Dean felt people brush up against him more times than he would have liked, and he felt Cas put the bag of ceramics in his hand as he prepared to leave.
“Alright then.” He said as he stood up from the table. “I’m gonna go outside for a bit and cool off. I’ll be back soon.”
Castiel didn’t leave, but didn’t sit back down either, and Dean felt like he was holding on to a fraying thread as the possibility of being alone again gnawed at the back of his brain.
“I’d rather not style your ass, thank you very much, and I slept last night.” Dean replied, the sly sarcasm nearly dripping off of his tongue as he made his snide little remarks.
After walking for what felt like years, he himself at a crossroads, his feet sounding wet against the bloodied walkway and splatters of the liquid turning brown on his ankles and heels. He went left at the barking of something else’s command in his ear- too lethargic to think for himself and too curious to forego getting closer to the warm glow of the house that stood at the end of the street, and noticed the street lights burst and break from out of his peripheral the minute he recognized the three people in the upstairs window of what he now remembered was the original Winchester family house.
, and the thought of everything going back to how it was before seemed like it would be nothing but a pipe dream.
The two of them exchanged a dry laugh at that and soon fell silent, simply watching the evening clouds roll by to the sound of Janis Joplin until they’d have to force themselves to think about something other than the future again.
He didn’t know why Castiel suddenly stopped when he said that, but he didn’t dwell on it for too long. He didn’t dwell on it at all, in all honesty, and Castiel cleared his throat and kept walking just like nothing had happened.
With nothing but a wavering focus and a tired shame, he heard Ephraim’s laugh ring through the sky as loud as the cacophonic booming of a storm unneeded until the angel’s fingers snapped in the air and the world returned to its intended black, unstable darkness. And when Dean finally lifted his gaze, squinting in the dark and looking for the man he had pledged his allegiance to, he found Ephraim long gone-- though the world continued to turn as if he still stood right beside him. Mocking him. Scaring him.
“I sent you the basics last night- the Lapis Lazuli, and the Calcite, and the henbane, and the other boring shit. I didn’t bother to send you the rest of it.”
“Your help.” The question was answered before it was completely asked, piles of black ooze beginning to appear all around the both of them and taking on human appearances that looked real but not
waiting for Dean in the same way Maryanne would wait for Joel?  Would he stay with Dean until he was withered and grey, and still be able to look at him like he hadn’t aged a minute? Could the two of them truly be happy again, alone and in their own corner of the world, and just
“You could have told me it was getting dark, Cas.” Dean murmured lowly, taking his hands off of the barrel of the pistol and drumming his fingers on the edge of the table. “I know you didn’t want to spend this much time just… doing this. With me.” He sounded awkward, which he hated, but he just didn’t know how to stop being so uncertain. He was always uncertain with Castiel, he realized, but whether that was because of what happened or how he felt about him was anybody’s guess. But it wasn’t
“Maybe we should just give up on the whole ‘go west’ idea and use the grim reaper only for the spell, instead. At least then I can just kill myself and get it out of the way.”
Castiel whizzed away like a kid in a candy store, and Dean could hear the clinking of even more ceramics as he grabbed every piece he laughed at- which was a lot more than Dean had originally expected. In the end, Cas purchased what he said was fifteen, but was probably more, and described them all to him with endless detail as they walked out of the store and continued down the main street.
If he did ever see Chuck again, he’d probably just kick his ass one more time for good measure and extra pleasure.
Sam coughed in a way that let Dean know he was uncomfortable, but he didn’t care. He needed him to say it, to acknowledge it. They wouldn’t be able to move on until the fact indicated by Dean’s cloudy eyes and far off look finally felt normal.
"Really? I was expecting we'd be using a bit more- you know, given with the whole 'beating heart' thing." Joel took the journal from Sam's hands and pointed at the item listed as if he were reporting inciting evidence to Elena.
Say what I’m ‘planning’ to do, Joel, and stop tip-toeing around the subject.” Dean didn’t know whether he was angry at Joel or at himself, but the emotion showed either way as pushed himself from the bike rack with a sudden force that almost broke it and let the venom in his voice drip from between the gaps in his teeth. “Since you’ve been my little ‘guardian angel’ for a week, and you’ve kept hinting at it like its 'our special little secret' every other fuckin' hour, tell me what I’m going to do. Tell me what you already know.”
Fuck. Dean thought he had Castiel figured out- that he knew what every inflection in his words meant and what every sentence he said hid within itself- but now, he didn’t know anything anymore. He was just so
“You should listen to him, newbie.” Joel whispered, bucking his eyes and pointing down to the floor. “Look down.”
Grabbing a beer from the case and putting the rest of them in the refrigerator, Dean twisted off the cap and took a long swig, staring at the late night sky and noticing the stars twinkle in the air with a pensive eye.
“Coming, Sam.” Castiel called, and Dean couldn’t stop the frown from forming on his face when he felt Cas stand up and walk ahead. Soon stopping just in front of him, Cas outstretched his hand and waited for Dean to take it.
was with him, whenever the two of them killed monsters and saved innocent people together. When he heard that voice, scratchy and innocent but always finding a way to pierce his soul and leaving his head a muddled mess, life was worth living again. Sam was his only brother, and Dean loved him, but
“I might have been wrong.” Sam admitted slowly- much to the curiosity of his older brother- and shuffled in his backpack, yanking out an old Stanford notebook from years ago and flicking to the end page before slamming it down on the middle of the table. “Check this out.”
There was no use in waiting around, sitting and stopping like time would magically reverse to a happier point, and Dean groaned with the creaking of his bones as he stood up from the floor and began to pack in preparation for the road ahead. He made sure to put each book back into the brown duffel bag he carried with meticulous grace, taking extra care with that one book, in particular, and began to leave the hotel for the ride out to West Point. It was only a matter of time until the ritual would commence, at least, that's what he told himself, and he looked to the day it would all be over with a shine in his eyes he was once convinced would never come to see the light of day again. In his own little way, silently and subtly, he tried to tell himself that everything would be alright. He knew it wouldn’t matter, because it would never be alright until
“Cas!” Dean called, darting his head around like he would magically be able to see people staring back at them.
something, and he’d have to remind himself to thank Chuck for ruining his life when he saw him again.
He had fallen asleep in that same curled position, too drained to climb into bed after collapsing under the weight of his own exhaustion, grief and uncertainty, but he felt better than he had in days when he woke up in the later hours of the morning and stretched out on the floor. The text message of elements needed was sent to Sam at some point during the night, though he didn’t remember when or how he had sent it, and Sam quickly responded with an address in Ellijay, Georgia that would ideally have most of the ‘easier to obtain’ items they needed to perform the ritual. For a split second, he thanked his lucky stars that he had a brother like Sam to rely on, but he pushed the thought away just as quickly. Sam wasn’t supposed to be helping him with something he should have nothing to do with, with an Emptiness so deep and dangerous that it managed to rip Dean in half without even having touched him at all. But this was who they were, and no matter how much Dean tried to live without needing or burdening anyone anymore, he would always need his little brother whenever it came to a hunt like this. At least for now.
Castiel wasn’t scheduled to work tonight so Dean had planned on taking him to dinner.  However, when he woke he felt like his head was about to explode.  Shifting in bed Cas noted that his equilibrium was off as well.  He groaned and buried his head in his pillow.  What horrible timing for a migraine to pop up.  He wasn’t too surprised, though.  He tended to get them whenever he was under stress.  The upcoming weekend as well as learning that Dean was aware of the events in Chicago were enough to throw his body out of whack.  He grabbed his phone from the side table.  Cracking open an eye just wide enough to see the phone he opened up the messaging app.
“Is something wrong?” He asks in a low voice, afraid that the party has gone off the rails before it has even really begun.
Dean stays silent this time.  He knows that it will be impossible to try and get a word in with Cas as upset as he appears to be.
“Will you see if she will sit still long enough for you to wash her face?”  Cas carefully hands the washcloth to Dean without touching him.  “She’s got soup and juice all over her face and maybe it will help her calm down if I’m not ‘attacking her’ at the moment.”  The frustration in Cas’ voice is still evident but Dean knows he has this sappy look on his face when Cas’ eyes soften.  Cas must not have realized he was doing the finger quotes thing again.
Another of Dean’s fantastic ideas was to have teams at the firm compete for prizes by decorating a tree with different themes.  The winning team gets a paid lunch at the brewery and a donation to a charity of their choice. The trees will all be donated to families in the area that cannot afford to buy and decorate a tree of their own.  If Cas didn’t already know how big Dean’s heart was, that would have been a dead giveaway. As someone who didn’t always have a tree or presents when he was growing up, Dean always tried to go the extra mile during the holidays.
“Cas, I need you to weigh in on this venue.  We’ve only got three months to go and you haven’t told me if you think the partners will want to have the party at Old Market Brewery or not.”  Dean has brochures and papers strewn all over the dining room, his laptop open to a budgeting spreadsheet perched precariously at the corner of the table. Their ability to eat at the table has suffered in weeks past, but Cas knows the alternative would be to plan this party on his own, a sacrifice he is certainly not willing to make.
, Dean thinks fondly. Cas’ glasses are sliding down his nose and he’s run his hands through his hair so often that it’s practically standing up on end.
What crap.  What kind of alpha eats all-natural, organic peanut butter?  His brother, the biggest non-alpha to ever alpha, that’s who.
“Normally I would say yes, Sam, but I wanted to solidify my place there before I start bringing Dean into the equation.  This isn’t the type of employer that would fire me for not being straight, but I just don’t want to bring that kind of attention to either myself or the partners.”
“You’re a little early for the rodeo, aren’t you Dean?  Or did you get your months mixed up?” Jo grabbed a pint glass and began to fill it with a local IPA.  There was curiosity in her eyes but also affection.  Cas’ stomach twisted a little.  He could see how close these two were and it made him jealous.  Aside from his brother with whom he was staying he had few friends and even fewer romantic prospects.  It was easy to get jealous over his coworker and her apparent relationship with the good-looking cowboy.
“Hello, precious girl.  Did you have fun at school today?”  He walks back to the car with Emma in his arms as she begins to babble about lessons and toys and nap time.  She takes bites off her cookies as they walk and even offers Cas the cookie. By shoving it at his lips. He’ll miss this phase of her life as she continues to grow.  He briefly entertains the thought of another child, maybe one with blonde hair and freckles, but shakes it off quickly. He and Dean haven’t really been together long enough to talk about giving Emma a sibling.
It’s time for the speech and Cas suddenly has a whole swarm of butterflies playing volleyball in his stomach.  He hasn’t been this nervous since he interviewed to join the firm. He’s not going to be dramatic and say that his whole life hinges on the outcome of this speech because Sam has assured him that everything is going to go his way, but he’d be lying if he didn’t have some level of anxiety over this.
“Yes, I haven’t seen you and Amelia at the Roadhouse for months,” Cas replied.  It had been Mother’s Day the last time Sam had brought Amelia into the Roadhouse.  The couple did not have kids but Sam liked to joke that Amelia mothered all the pets and pet owners in the area in her job as the local veterinarian.
“Of course I do, Cas.  You’re brilliant, sexy, kind and you’re obviously a family guy.  I think you are exactly what I’ve been waiting for.  And Emma is like a mini version of you.  She’s smart, engaging and obviously very affectionate,” he says as he runs his hand over her hair and down her back.  Emma seems to be ignoring the two grown-ups as she continues to color.  Cas thinks she looks just as at home on Dean’s lap as she does on his.  “I think this is the perfect time to ask if you’re up for another date,” Dean pleads.  Dean looks shyly at their hands still joined on top of the table.  It is strange to see him as anything other than cool and confident.  Frankly it is quite adorable to see the normally composed alpha as anxious as Cas himself has felt.  “Just you and me this time?  That new Marvel movie is coming out this weekend.  We could go out to that new diner by the mall before the late showing.”
“We didn’t see your car, so I told Claire that you were probably going to meet us at home.  So we drove home. We drove home past the Roadhouse. And do you know what I saw when we drove past the Roadhouse, Dean?”
“I, uh, couldn’t sleep last night.  I guess I was up early and thought I would get a head start on my chores for today.”
“I would like to ask someone to come up and join me at the front of the room.  Dean?” He holds out his hand, hoping Dean will come and take it. Almost as one, the room turns and looks at Dean who has been standing with his hands in his pockets for the duration of the speech.  He looks confused, but slowly walks towards Cas with a smile on his face. Dean doesn’t take his hand but does stand right next to him; close enough that Cas can feel his body heat.
“I guess it’s a good thing you are on clean up duty today.”  Cas is a little stiff in his responses. He’s not smiling as readily as he has this past week.  Yep, disappointed for sure.
“How lucky for me,” Dean replies.  Instead of the confusion, derision or outright hatred Cas was expecting, Dean actually seems delighted by the fact that Cas is an unmated omega with a daughter to raise.  How is this man even real?  “So Emma, how do you feel about hot chocolate?  There’s a café close by that serves the best.”  And now he wants to take Emma out for hot chocolate?  Is he going to invite Cas too?
“You thinking about proposing to my brother, Cas?”  Sam has lowered his voice for which Cas is thankful as he wouldn’t want to ruin the surprise.
Emma must get tired of hiding because she soon crawls out from behind the couch and into Dean’s lap.  He immediately cuddles with her as her thumb goes to her mouth and her eyes drift to the TV where My Little Pony is still playing softly in the background.  She must not notices when Cas comes back into the living room because she starts when he picks her up and starts walking into the kitchen.
“And, frankly, I’m grateful that you take “alone” time at the Roadhouse and don’t bring it back to the apartment.  I don’t know if I could handle knowing that you brought someone home with you while you are still trying to build a relationship with Claire and prove to the state of Illinois that you are fit to be her parent full time.”
When Cas came home on break from college and announced he was pregnant, he was terrified because he didn’t think his big family would understand or would get all protective.  He was surprised and gratified that they wanted to support him by helping out and that they didn’t try to smother him or make him feel less because he didn’t mean to have a pup this early in his life.  His family were lifesavers while he struggled to finish his degree and he has a feeling they would be just as helpful even if he had a partner.  So he does dream about providing brothers and sisters for Emma at some point.  He misses being pregnant and wonders about going through the experience with an alpha next time around.
” Now it was time for Sam to laugh, low and hearty, and Dean shot him a fiery glower until his brother decided to quiet down.
“I’d hope not, Dean.” Castiel leaned in closer to his boyfriend and put his hand on his, his face inches from Dean’s as he looked up at him. “Because I don’t know what I’d do without you.”
“Knowing you, I probably will- even after you and Cas come back.” Sam wriggled his eyebrows but kept his eyes on blue powder, shaking the clumped lapis lazuli to unpack it in it’s jar. “You avoid commitment like the plague, you know."
“Um, get your ass over here?” He said it more like it was a question than a command, looking confused and feeling a sharp stare at the back of his head from the shop that he painfully ignored.
The phone clicked, and Dean finally let the tears cascade down his cheeks and onto his blue jeans, holding onto his knees and feeling himself break from the inside out. He was one step closer.
“Something along those lines.” Dean replied to Sam in a sigh, shifting his attention back to the occasional blurs of cars the three of them passed by on their way to New Iberia, Louisiana and only half-listening to the continued fight between Sam and Joel on which woman of rock was better than the other.
“These are the two I was telling you about over the phone.” Joel dove in the bag and took out a small pot of tulips, dusting off the dirt that had spilled over the side of the pot with his hands and wiping his hands on his jeans.
“Oh, my-” Dean noticed the police officers glance at them again and grabbed his brother’s hand, dragging him to the closest receptionist’s desk with the most ‘panicky-average’ face he could muster to put on. “Let’s hurry.”
Dean sucked his cheek and bit at the skin, moving his jaw back and forth when he realized that his answer was most definitely not one that Sam would have wanted to hear- and the detailed version of that answer was one that would probably leave a stain on their relationship so dark that not even beers and apologies could clear it. “Next subject, Sam.”
“I don’t care if you want to jump out into The Empty to get Castiel back and live your happily ever after. I don’t care if you kill Ephraim. Hell, in all honesty, I shouldn’t care about any of the bullshit you want to get yourself into- from now or forever.” Joel shook a hand through his dark hair and kicked a broken shard of glass into a small patch of grass nearby. “But I can’t help but care about what you’re
He saw it all, fresh in his mind and seared into his pupils, and he never let himself forget it. Not when he was asleep or awake, moving constantly or stuck in place, trying to live properly or trying to die recklessly. It was a curse, a pair of iron shackles that kept his head low to the ground and refused to release themselves from him until he found a way to fix the unfixable and repair the irrevocable. Dean told himself that it was impossible, and he could almost bring himself to believe the thought, but he couldn’t stop searching for the one chance he convinced himself existed somewhere in the abyss of occult knowledge that he had grown so accustomed to diving into. There was a way to bring him back. There was always a way to bring him back. There had to be a way to bring him back.
“I never wanted this, Dean.” Castiel said, and the soft but sharp sound of his voice made him feel a painful twinge in his heart.
“I’m sure that you’ll find a nice little Tinder date in our next location, Sam.” Castiel piped in. Dean had told him about the idea of Tinder dates a few days ago, and after hearing that tidbit, he didn’t regret it one bit.
“I wasn’t knocked out!” He protested as he folded the map up and put it in the glove compartment. “I was… blinking slowly.”
“What the hell was that for?” He immediately sat up and wiped the water from his eyes, coughing wildly due to the water that had sank into his nostrils.
Probably because both of them knew there was nothing that would ever replace the pieces of themselves that were lost solely because they wanted to be together for just a little while longer.
They soon stopped in front of an old brick building, and Dean could’ve smelt the intensity of rubbing oil and incense from a mile away. It already felt like it would be one of those older, devious looking thrift stores that everyone saw and no one wanted to walk into, but he didn’t move if Castiel didn’t move- and Castiel wasn’t even acting like he wanted to as he fixated on the inside of the building from the storefront window. This was going to be fun.
“Well you can’t just leave him alive, Joel.” The woman said it like it was common knowledge, something that Dean very much had not expected her to say.
, and as the hours passed, he had been struggling to come to terms with the fact that there was no chance of getting it back. His life as a hunter was over, his life protecting his brother was over, and now he had to make the transition into a ‘stable life’- whatever the hell that meant. He had sacrificed it all, and  he had sacrificed it for no other reason than to hear two words from the man he had gradually ended up falling in love with.
Castiel’s eternally matter-of-fact tone and calm demeanor was a welcome feeling in the middle of Dean’s worriedness and Sam’s defensiveness, and it was like a godsend had washed over the both of them. How ironic, considering Cas’ newfound mortality.
Sam went quiet, taking another drink and flinging his hand in the air like the waving of a white flag. “...Well, shit.”
At the sight of Dean’s impassive expression, Sam sobered up, straightening in his seat and pushing his plate of food aside. Dean appreciated his loyalty, though he said nothing at all to acknowledge it, and he flipped to the dog-eared page with a routine ease while preparing to discuss the shortcomings of the instructions. It was what he was there for, what they were there together for, and the rest of their ‘normal’ conversation would have to wait for another time- a time when
“Really?” She said, not holding back an ounce of her surprise as she grabbed the knife from its display case.
Before he could feel himself fall, he crashed onto the walnut hardwood floor and heard the dining chair he had previously been sitting on tumble down along with him, one of his feet caught in between two of its grooves and his head throbbing with the first bit of physical pain he had actually felt in days. A lone book had toppled from the stack that stood next to him and onto his torso with a dull ‘oomf’, seeming to remind Dean that he still had work to do whether he was exhausted or not, and with a groan, he sat up and flicked through its pages with an absent mind and a steadily emptying will to stay up any longer. More than anything, he finally found himself wanting to go to sleep- which he was both more than ready for and needlessly ashamed of- but he wanted to at least explore one more lead until he succumbed to the sensation of sleep that his body had rudely told him it needed.
name ever since he was taken, and hearing it again from Sam after months of ignoring its very existence felt like someone had poured acid in his ears and left it to bubble in his brain until it spilled out the other side. He half-expected for him to show up and tell him that it was all nothing but an elaborate prank, but he knew better. He knew better, but he still wanted it, and the fact that he didn’t see those familiar blue eyes looking slightly up at him when the name registered hit him like a punch in the gut. He didn’t want to hear it anymore, or think about it anymore, but when he saw Joel’s face light up at the sound of the name and stand up just a little straighter, he knew that the name
“What are you talking about? Why would you break into my house like this? I don’t even know who you-”
“I always have, haven’t I?” Maryanne smiled, cupping the side of Joel’s face and keeping her hold tight.
Christ, this kid was nosy as hell, wasn’t he? Or maybe it was just his attempt at a conversation, something that Dean had become increasingly less used to having with strangers over the past few days. Either way, he still found it a bit unnecessary, and leaned over the counter with a Cheshire grin with the plan to joke written all over his face. “Oh, the usual things.” Dean started to tease. “Virgin blood, a beating heart, a Grim Reaper and an Angel.”
Tumbling deeper, deeper into that abrupt abyss of nothing as the water evaporated around him, bobbing into pain and out into a hollow relief in some ever-present cycle his body had no control over and drifting into forbidding tundras of darkness until his eyes could see only the sight of blindness and his body had forgotten the feeling of standing on solid earth; all too suddenly, Dean was trapped in an endless cycle of destruction and rebirth until he could no longer differentiate his dreams from his lucid reality. He wasn’t on Earth, anymore. He wasn’t anywhere.
." The plea was emphasized. "She'll be more likely to listen to you, right? With the whole angel of Death thing."
“Jesus fuckin Christ, are any of ‘em still alive?” Joel looked offended more than upset at the deaths of his brothers, which the Winchesters were coming to notice was a recurring theme whenever it came to the angels’ feelings about each other.
He didn’t mean to hurt Castiel, but he just couldn’t control what he felt, or how it came out in every little thing he did recently.
“When the gateway opened, and as he was falling into the darkness, I...I saw a face behind him.” Dean felt his heart begin to race in his chest as he relived the moment, closing his eyes and seeing every detail just as clearly as he had back then. “It was smiling at me, taunting me with yellow eyes, wrapping its fingers around his neck and telling me to come find him. It told me to jump in
“Woah, woah there partner.” Ephraim raised two defensive hands, feigning a shock both of them knew he didn’t have. “Take a seat. Wipe the load off. No one’s in any rush here, especially considering how long it took you to come and see me.”
They sprinted their way up the elevator and to the third floor, running towards their destination with their gazes locked straight ahead and their arms pumping back and forth with each step. Then, as quietly as they could, they skittered to an abrupt halt when they caught the slightly far off glimpse of a young man with one hand holding a large paper bag and his other on the doorknob of room 346 standing in the middle of the hospital hallway.
Sam clicked his tongue and shook his head, brushing past Dean with a laugh. “You’d just better not have used up all of the hot water, Dean. I know that for sure.”
Dean gave a sad half-smile, trying to put on the cracked pieces of the strong resolve Joel had broken minutes earlier, and wiped away a rebellious tear that had somehow managed to roll down his face.
Dean and Cas both talked about what they wanted out of a relationship and maybe out of a life together.  Dean confessed that he’d have to keep doing public appearances for the next 6 months or so but he would be done with riding after the current rodeo circuit season.  Cas confessed that he didn’t really like waiting tables and would endeavor to get his teaching certificate in Texas before the school year started.  They talked about moving in together but agreed that 3 weeks was too soon to consider a change that big.  They both agreed that they would reconsider when Christmas rolled around.
“Her ‘father’ left before she was born.”  How cute, Dean thinks.  Castiel used actual finger quotes.  Could this man get any more adorable than he already was?  Dean would just have to find out.
It takes him a few moments to realize that the alpha is still standing next to him, elbow propped against the counter.  Castiel has heard all sorts of horror stories about what could happen to children who were taken by unscrupulous alphas or desperate omegas.  He takes a deep breath and turns to the man.  For a moment Castiel is speechless.  He didn’t notice before but the man is gorgeous.  He has kind, hazel-green eyes and a wide, genuine smile.  Thankfully his mouth isn’t as paralyzed as his brain because before he realizes it he is speaking.
Dean snorts at this.  The pup doesn’t want peanut butter; Jess wants peanut butter.  And Sam doesn’t say no to Jess.  As his omega sister-in-law gets closer to her due date Sam doesn’t stray far from her side either, it seems.  Hence Dean’s impromptu trip to the grocery store for peanut butter.
This store is larger than the small local grocery store by their house where people know that he is an omega.  He doesn’t get as nervous as he used to being in public as an omega alone but any new place with new people is breeding ground for bad experiences.  And with brand new sights, sounds and especially smells, Emma, his daughter, isn’t making this any easier on him.  Although she is currently sitting in the cart, she is talking to every stranger they pass in the store.
As Dean continues to contemplate the wonders of a whole aisle filled with peanut butter, he feels a slight tug on his pant leg.  He looks around before looking down to see a little girl with pigtails and a purple dress smiling up at him.
He starts waving his hands in the air as he storms over to where Cas has started mowing the side yard.  Cas apparently doesn’t see him at first because he turns the tractor and starts away from Dean.  Dean stands there with his hands on his hips and waits for Cas to get to the end of the row before he turns around.  Dean notices with a perverse sense of smugness that Cas stops the tractor, his mouth open and his cheeks turning pink, but does not turn off the tractor.  He’s seen flashes of this side of Cas since he moved out to the orchard, but this is the first time that Dean thinks that he’s ready to accept that this attraction he’s started feeling for Cas might be reciprocated.  Dean’s not above using it to his advantage.
Then came the mental attraction.  Not only was Cas spectacular to look at but Dean found himself laughing at Cas’ dry humor and melting at his compassion for the kids going through tough times.  It had been the little things that got Dean to thinking that maybe he was becoming more than friendly with Cas.  First, Cas is very sweet and good with his foster kids.  That isn’t enough of a reason but it’s also not a deterrent.  If he’s going to be a proper parent to Claire, he needs a partner that can truly help him raise his daughter.  He’s seen how Cas is with the other kids that cycle through the orchard.  It’s a patience thing, Dean thinks, and it’s something he’s still working on.  Claire is a delight most days but she’s also a child who is testing her boundaries with Cas, who has only been a parental figure for a year, and Dean, who has been her father for just about six months.  Dean had to learn quickly that he’s not allowed to run away from a three-year-old when she starts getting cranky.  Cas had laughed behind his hand when Dean had just stood there watching Claire have a meltdown when she was told that she could not go out and splash in puddles because Dean didn’t want to clean her up afterwards.
He has survived another tense moment with Cas.  Cas, the man who has spent the last year raising Dean’s daughter, Claire; Cas, the man who has allowed Dean to stay on his property and get to know his 3 year old daughter; Cas, the man whom Dean may want to potentially start building a life with.  Maybe.  If that is something that Cas wants.  Dean’s really too scared to ask him at this point.
Cas.  Castiel Novak.  The most infuriating, melodramatic, intense, stubborn, caring, charismatic, gorgeous man Dean has met in a long time.  Maybe ever.  Also the owner of said orchard and the man potentially in charge of Dean’s immediate future.
Dean turns and winks at Emma as she peeks out at him.  She giggles but immediately slaps her hand over her mouth as Dean shushes her.  He can hear Cas calling for Emma and is tempted to give her up considering he doesn’t want to get on Cas’ bad side when the poor man is still so sick, but Emma looks just too cute all curled up in a ball behind the couch that he keeps quiet.  After all, how mad could Cas get?
Castiel had been spending a quiet Thursday night working at the Roadhouse when Dean Winchester had first sauntered into the bar.  He’d noticed the man hovering inside the door with a smile on his face.  He looked like he fit in around Blue Falls with his dusty jeans, plaid button-down shirt rolled up past his elbows and dark work boots looking like they had walked a million miles.  He didn’t wear a hat like many of the ranchers around the area and Cas could tell that his face had tanned a little from exposure to the sun.  This man was gorgeous.  And probably straight as most of the cowboys that came into the Roadhouse were these days.  Castiel didn’t like to assume because even though Blue Falls was about as progressive an area as Texas got these days he’d been subjected to some pretty nasty language his first few weeks as a server due to trying out his rusty flirting skills.  It hadn’t taken him long to perfect the “polite interest” persona when anyone, male or female, came into the bar.  Cas had to remind himself that this was probably a good thing given the beating his personal life had taken upon leaving Chicago last year.  He’d lost faith in himself and his ability to know a good situation.  His brother, Gabriel, had assured him that he would gain confidence with time but he was still so insecure.  He sighed and pushed the bad memories away as he turned to walk over and offer to seat the man, but then he heard a screech from behind him and he stopped in his tracks.
“Jo, I – I don’t know if I’m okay.”  Castiel took a deep breath and started over.  “Did you know Dean’s manager was a woman?”
Dean scans the letter template.  It’s definitely different from what he did when he and Sam were in school.  He can’t actually remember filling out something like this all those years ago.  Maybe they were just given a blank piece of paper and told to go to town.
The two stood together for a little while longer until Dean was called back to the grill by Sam.  He gave Cas a quick peck on the lips before wandering off.  Cas was roped into a conversation with Ellen and Jo.  Their eyes met quite a few times over the course of the evening and neither man could help smiling when it happened.
By the time darkness rolled around and the fireworks started Dean and Cas had fallen silent.  They sat on the deck of Dean’s apartment and could barely see the pyrotechnic display being set off from the rodeo grounds in town.  Castiel was exhausted from the emotional roller coaster he’d been on for the past week and was ready for things to quiet down now that the rodeo was over.  He was optimistic about his future for the first time in over a year and he had a feeling it had everything to do with the man he was snuggled next to.  Dean kept running his hands up and down Cas’ arms and planting kisses on his forehead and his ears.  Cas tried not to shiver each time a kiss tickled but he had a feeling Dean knew how he was affecting Cas and chose to keep kissing him anyway.  Cas took a deep breath and let it out slowly letting himself relax into Dean.  This right here was a perfect moment and he didn’t want to forget it.  It might be cheesy but he hoped he’d get to keep this cowboy ever after.
“They’re good.  Between my current caseload and the holiday party, I’ve been spending more time at the office than I would like, but your brother is his usual supportive self.”
Dean drove Cas home and gave him a chaste kiss at the bottom of the stairs to the apartment Cas shared with his brother.  It was early enough that Gabriel would still be awake and Cas wasn’t ready to tempt fate by kissing his date where Gabe could see him.  Cas could tell that Dean wanted to be invited upstairs but Cas still shied away from intimacy, as though afraid that letting himself open up would lead to a repeat of the events that drove him from Chicago.  It didn’t seem to bother Dean too much when Cas shook his head and started up the stairs alone.  Dean stood at the bottom of the stairs watching Cas until he disappeared behind the door to his apartment.  Cas stood at the door to his apartment until he heard the throaty growl of Dean’s car pull away from the curb.  Smiling to himself, he turned and went into his room determined to ignore Gabriel for at least the night.
Cas goes to the door and opens it, immediately drawing Dean into the room and wrapping his arms around Dean’s middle.
“We are going on a date.  I’m going to take you out Saturday night.”  Cas was floored.  This man was good-looking and successful.  Why did he need to ask plain ol’ Castiel out on a date?
“Okay Emma.  We’ll look at the paper and make a plan when we get home.  How does mac and cheese sound for dinner tonight?”
“Yeah, I remember. I had to drag you away from their booth in order to get back to the Hall H line. You were about ready to say ‘screw it’ to the line just so you could keep talking to the engineer guy showing them off.” They both smile at this memory. It was the first time either of their parents had allowed them to go to San Diego unchaperoned. Dean, Cas, and Charlie had rented a condo close to the convention center thanks to Cas’ dad and his connections.
As soon as Cas announces that lunch is over, Dean grabs Emma and escapes back to the living room and My Little Pony.
“Hey baby girl,” Dean reaches down and picks up Emma.  “I wanted to see you and the munchkin,” he says to Cas.  “I brought some things with me to help you out.  Let me get her settled in front of the TV with some My Little Pony and then I’ll heat up some soup for the both of you.”
“Yeah, Dean. I do live here, remember?  How are you Castiel?” Sam gave Cas a polite smile and a nod.
“I’m sorry, I didn’t hear that.  What did you say?”  Cas walks into the dining room to ask. Dean looks at him with confusion, but Cas can tell it’s a little bit of an act.  Maybe he didn’t mean to say it that loud, but it’s too late to take it back.
“Aw shucks, Cas.  You sure know how to make a guy blush.”  Dean says it like a tease, but Cas can see the tips of his ears turn pink and he knows that his neck and chest are probably starting to flush as well.
“My daughter…she…she wandered away for a moment.  Please…if she comes back just keep her here.”  Cas leaves the bag of groceries with the store clerk and sprints to the last place they were before coming to the front of the store.
“Bye, little brother.”  Dean ends the call and throws the washcloth in the sink.  He taps the phone against his chin a few times.
so what info can he give Dean that will appease the alpha mentality he’s sure lives under the surface.  “Her ‘father’ left before she was born.”
Cas doesn’t hear any noise from the living room as he finishes loading dishes and gets the dishwasher running.  The process of cleaning up after lunch has soothed any of the remaining ire Cas was still feeling after the frustration of Emma’s tantrum.  The kitchen is as clean as it’s going to get at this point so he grabs a mug of tea from the microwave where it was heating up and wanders into the living room to see what Dean and Emma are up to.
“Yeah, about that.  Is there some reason that you are mowing the lawn at 6:00 am this morning?”  Dean sees Cas’ forehead crease as the man frowns.  Cas almost looks confused for a moment.
“For those of you who haven’t been introduced, this is Dean Winchester.  He’s responsible for putting together the entire party from start to finish.  In fact, the only thing that I can take credit for is hiring him in the first place.”  Once again, polite laughter follows this pronouncement as well as some applause. The butterflies in Cas’ stomach have now taken up a game of dodge-ball, but he’s determined to get through this next part with all the confidence he can muster.
Stepping up to the table Castiel gave Dean and the woman a tight smile.  “Dean, I didn’t expect to see you here tonight,” he said with a question in his voice.
“You are a charmer, sweetheart.  You must get that from your mama.”  Dean looks back to the omega, Castiel, to see him blushing.  Totally charming.  He doesn’t see a mating mark but that doesn’t mean there isn’t an alpha waiting at home for this pair.  How to ask the delicate question, though?
Dean smiles at the picture these two make.  The omega looks frazzled by the sight of his hair standing up on end as though he was trying to pull it out of his head.  His hair is dark, nothing like Emma’s light red coloring, and although not currently sporting a tan Dean can see by the skin tone that the man would color nicely after being in the sun for a few hours.  And although Dean thought Emma’s eyes were pretty when he first saw her they are nothing next to the deep ocean blue of this man’s eyes.  Dean called Emma pretty, he would certainly call this man stunning.
Cas must be in the kitchen if he has parked Claire in front of the television for the time being.  Dean wanders in to find Cas standing in front of the stove.
She doesn’t look up from her coloring book when she says, “Mr. Dean, will you help me write a letter to Santa?”
Cas had called him a few days earlier asking if they could reschedule their regular Saturday date.  Emma brought home a fall bug from daycare and she and Cas had sounded stuffed up.  Dean’s Alpha decided without his conscious thought that he would turn their normal Saturday play time into “take care of his pack” time.
It isn’t that Cas doesn’t date, but he usually waits until he’s known the person for more than 15 minutes.  Dean seems to have a way about him that not only charmed Cas in that grocery store but Emma as well.  Dean comes to the table with a tray that includes two coffees, a hot chocolate in a kids travel cup, two ice waters, a cookie and two large muffins.  Dean places the cookie and the hot chocolate in front of Emma and the muffins, water and coffee in front of himself and Cas.
“You too, Cas.  Dean’s been telling me all about you.  I haven’t been able to shut him up since this morning.”  She turned and looked at Dean as she spoke.  Cas could see the twinkle in her eye as she did and it made the back of his throat hurt.  He swallowed a few times as he stood there, unsure of what to say next.  She looked at Dean like they had history.  Dean didn’t talk about his past so maybe they did.  Cas didn’t know why this was making him so emotional; it wasn’t like he was unaware that Dean had been with others before him.
Emma grabs the crayon and huffs.  She’s used to getting her own way with her uncles, he knows.  Cas constantly complains about how his brothers will drop anything to make sure that princess Emma, as her uncles call her, doesn’t have to lift a finger.  She starts at the bottom with her name. Dean and Cas have both been working with her to make sure she can spell it out and make it legible. She makes it through her name with no issues and moves back up to start writing what she wants from Santa for Christmas.
“Emma!”  Cas hurries towards the customer service counter and his baby girl.  “Mama!” Emma turns and reaches out for him.  How lucky could Castiel be that a nice man, a decent man, has found his daughter and kept her safe.  He grabs her from the man and envelops her in his arms.  “Oh honey, you had mama so worried!”  He discretely scents his daughter while kissing her forehead.  “Never do that to mama again,” he whispers in her ear.
“That's the last detail. Everything's been accounted for.” Sam finally finished, closing the journal and putting away the ingredients they had gotten from Tommy’s. “All that’ll be left is for you to go down there and… handle Ephraim. By yourself.”
“Where’s the next stop, Sam?” He asked, stepping away from his thoughts and putting his focus back on the more pressing objective that stood ahead of them. “I think I’m gonna go crazy if I stay in this damn position for much longer.”
Sam was probably worried, scouring the earth for the last bit of family that he had left and failing miserably, but Dean tried his hardest to suppress the concern that picked at his heart under his tired features as he sat hunched over a rickety dining table and tried to make sense of a book that was inherently senseless. His little brother couldn’t begin to understand how Dean felt, how his heart constantly broke and reformed in his chest with every waking moment, how his mind was a garbled mess of incoherent thoughts and half-formed emotions. He couldn’t understand how excruciating it was to exist in a world that built him up and molded him from clay just to tear him down and shatter him into fragments so small that they floated in the air and burned in the atmosphere. Sam couldn’t understand any of it, no matter how hard he tried or how hard he wanted to, and Dean didn’t want him to understand, either. He just wanted to get out of his way, as he had already accepted that he would never be able to be the big brother he once was ever again.
Tommy drove the heated iron skewer into the center of the shell and watched the bone crack, small gaps slowly appearing all over it until Tommy released the iron from its place and set it back down on the radiator. Before she began to read, she grabbed a small vial of ink from the table and poured it into the mark the skewer left, watching the black liquid seep into the cracks with a disinterested look. “If you drive west, and go for hours, you’ll see one of the first people you’re looking for- the angel.” She started finally, tracing her manicured finger over the darkened marks in the bone and gnawing at her bottom lip, her eyebrows scrunched as she translated the message. “I’d be careful if I were you, though- it says here that you’re gonna die when you meet them.”
Sam clicked his tongue and rolled his eyes, beginning his retort in a sardonic drawl. “So in other words, you’re just jealous that I’m strong
Curious, needy questions waltzed slowly in the forefront of his mind and took Dean over completely, but he pushed them down with a heavy swallow and tried to keep his thoughts from drifting again. He knew that he wouldn’t get the answers to his questions until he could finally see his angel and ask them in person, with their eyes on each other’s and their warm hands intertwined for the first time in what felt like a million little eternities. He prayed that the answers to them were everything he hoped they would be- and as much as he was coming to detest the smug archangel that now stood in front of him, he needed nothing more than for he and Cas to live a life that would replicate Joel’s perfectly.
“What can I say?” Joel thunked the side of Dean’s head with the same sly grin he always wore.  “I’d feel bad if you carried it all by yourself.”
Dean let go of Castiel immediately and shot off towards the sound of Sam’s voice like a bullet, bumping into him and instantly smelling the thick metallic scent of blood that he had gotten so used to over the years. Sam was hurt, he had to be, and the heaviness of that fact weighed on Dean’s body like a grand piano.
Castiel’s arms wrapped around Dean’s body and held on tightly, pressing his lips to his and making Dean fall into an abyss of ecstasy that he wanted to get lost in for eternity. The taste of spearmint flavored Chapstick sent shudders down his spine and made flowers bloom in his mind, the sheer warmth flooding into Dean’s senses and overloading his heart with nothing but the sensation of pure bliss. With shaking hands, hands that were afraid of the future but content in the present, he placed one on the back of his angel, the other on his head and let his hold linger for what felt like his own version of forever.
“Go alone.” Tommy’s voice lowered a few octaves, stopping the brothers in their tracks as they looked back at her. When she realized the attention she had gathered, she shook her head and tried to come across as less commandeering.
“Other page, jerk.” Sam showed him an old list marked ‘EBA’ on the other side of the notebook, most of the messily written items crossed out behind wobbly lines.
Slowly but steadily, they were nearing the finish line with each passing day, and it wouldn’t be long until Dean would take that step into darkness and prepare to engage in the biggest fight of his life. Maybe that explained why he’d been having nightmares every time he fell asleep for the past three days.
For the first time in the entire exchange, Joel looked at him, his eyes swimming with an emotion that was less than concern but more than pity, and stepped closer.
He whistled as he walked off and left his would-be robber in the trash, his bag of donuts in one hand and his cup of coffee in the other, and once again got too lost in his own headspace to notice the mind-blown Dean who stood a distance away with the scene of it all stuck on his mind like a well placed post-it note.
Kissing his forehead and letting his lips stay for just a second longer than usual, he pulled away and smiled at the butterflies that still managed to fly in his chest just like they did every single time he was around him. “...I don’t either, Cas.”
At the sound of her question, Joel sighed and stood up, opening a small gap in the window and lighting a cigarette like he wouldn’t be able to answer her without being at least a little intoxicated.
be thrown in there, too, but didn’t think too much of it when he didn’t. They probably just forgot to mention it.
was taken? What’s making you like this? In advance, I already know it's not just because you miss him.”
would want to be nothing but an assimilated mess in an afterlife he was never supposed to be in in the first place, that he would be happy in a plane like that just because it was ‘best’? He didn’t belong there, in The Empty, or The End, or whatever they wanted to call it, and Dean knew he didn’t. He couldn’t explain how or why he knew, but he did, and he heard those subtle cries for help seep from the walls and step into his ears every single minute he spent alive and moving. Hell, even if in some fucked-up turn of events he
“Oh, no. I’ve seen this enough times to know how it goes.” Joel walked towards one of the dining seats and gestured for him to begin. “Besides, I’d like to make a little conversation with your Reaper friend anyway.”
. In hindsight, it made sense, with the constant look of an aged distance on his face hidden behind subtle smirks and upturned eyes, but the knowledge of it sent shivers up and down Dean’s spine as he turned to face the easy-going man who looked like Elena had only pointed out the most basic of information. That could have explained why Joel’s mere presence commanded a daunting attention, or why he seemed to have had no qualms with ripping his own vessel’s heart out, or answered for any other strange thing he had done since Dean and Sam had first met him,, too- but before Dean had the chance to think it through, he realized the conversation was continuing without him.
Cas had been hoping to have a few moments alone with Dean but the way he stuck to Lisa’s side the whole time Cas had been standing there was upsetting.  He looked away and blinked back tears.  It was stupid to cry, he knew, but it felt as though Dean had been keeping this from him.  “I’m sorry, Dean.  I have to get back to work.” Cas turned and quickly made his way back to the kitchen.  He thought he might have heard Dean call his name but no one appeared to try and stop him from leaving.  He pushed through the kitchen door and stopped just inside.  Leaning up against the wall, he took a few deep breaths and tried to get himself under control.  How was he ever going to finish his shift with all these emotions swirling through him?  He shook his head and closed his eyes.  When he opened them a few minutes later, Jo was coming through the door.  She stopped and appeared to look Cas over.
“And how exactly does Sam know how I ended up in Blue Falls?” Cas’ heart sped up a little at hearing this confession from Dean.  He didn’t want anyone to know how he ended up in this little corner of Texas.  He didn’t even want his brother to know but since Cas had needed a place to crash Gabriel had become his only option.
Cas turns a full circle, frantically calling out for his daughter.  The store clerk, concerned, asks what happened and if she can do anything to help.
“Point of fact, Cas, I didn’t tell anyone on the wrestling team about those robot kits. You and Charlie might be the only people in school that know.” Dean is catching all of Cas’ tells. He isn’t sitting still, wiggling in his chair with every question; he won’t look at Dean and instead is looking at everything in his room but Dean; and he keeps licking his lips. Dean knows he only does that when he isn’t sure how to answer someone. Cas hates to lie, Dean knows this, but Cas is very good at deflecting. Dean has a feeling that he’s doing that now.
Cas put his phone down and rolled over.  Staring at his screen like that had made the daggers behind his eyes sink in deeper.  Probably not smart but easier than calling Dean and trying to explain to him over the phone that he would have to cancel their date.  Cas was already close to crying from the pain in his head.  Telling Dean that he wouldn’t be able to see him until Monday would definitely have made him break down.
She looks around and he sees the moment she suddenly realizes she’s alone because her eyes well up with tears and her face scrunches up.  Dean is positive that she’s about to cry.  Before she even gets started Dean picks her up and cuddles her next to his side.
Cas smiles and nods excitedly, already thinking about the upcoming weekend and which of Emma’s uncles would be willing to take her for a night.
“Friends, colleagues, guests; I want to thank you for making tonight memorable in so many ways.  When the partners first asked me to plan this get-together, it felt like I had just been handed the hardest and most important case of my life.  In fact, I would have taken on 20 cases if it meant not being in charge of tonight’s festivities. Please never ask me to do this again.” Everyone laughs politely at this.  It gives Cas time to take another breath and to once again collect his thoughts.
“Hey baby, it’s time to take your medicine,” Cas calls from the kitchen.  Dean sees the look on Emma’s face and he has to stifle a chuckle.  Emma looks terrified and she immediately runs behind the couch trying to hide.
“What, uh,” Cas hesitates. “What was your gift?” He’s not fidgeting, really, but Dean sees him drawing circles with his fingertip on the desktop.
Dean rubs his eyes and grabs his phone from the nightstand.  Waking up the screen, he remembers why he is doing all of this.  Claire’s sunny smile shines back at him.  His daughter.  The one he didn’t even know about until about 6 months ago.  His daughter who looks nothing like him but sure acts like a miniature version of him even though she’s only 3 years old.  His daughter who lost her mother to a drunk driver at a too young age.  Dean knows this from experience.  So he’s resolved to give Claire everything he can because every child deserves to grow up happy and healthy.  There’s a lot he’s discovered in the past half year that he would do for this little girl.  And he guesses that getting up early is just one of them.
Dean paused, contemplating his next few sentences. “Yeah, you’re right about that part. We’ll say 'a quiet voice', instead.”
Dean walked over to the sound of Castiel’s voice and stuck close to him, falling into that same scent of mint as he let him lead back towards the middle of the city. The walk was long, though Dean didn’t necessarily mind, and they talked about any and everything as Cas whispered deep descriptions of the nightlife of the town in his ear, learning his lesson from earlier that day, painting a picture just for Dean to see and trying his hardest to make sure that the both of them could get swept up in the beauty that came from the soft yellow string lights that lined the awnings above them and the small quaintness of the town that stood all around them.
“Too much.” Joel replied simply, but cracked his knuckles and decided to elaborate into the story the both of his guests were apparently asking for.
Hiding out was never something Dean liked to do. It was cramped, and uncomfortable, and the sound of nothing but heavy breathing was gross- unless he was doing something
“I’m just.. I’m not handling the ‘being blind’ thing well. I’m not handling any of this well. And I’m…” he swallowed. Did he really want to admit it? Say the words out loud and empty his heart like this? It was a battle of pride versus raw emotion, a battle that was quickly becoming more and more one-sided, and before he knew it, Dean had already let the confession enter into the air and swirl around the both of them.
Joel only hummed at his response, preparing to say something before thinking better of it, and took three short steps back before taking another cigarette out of its case and lighting it slowly.
They sat together like that, watching the night go by for a while and just enjoying each other’s company as they exchanged small tokens of conversation between each other (including a particularly hilarious exchange about the newest works Chuck had written now that he was stripped of his Godhood), until Sam had yawned one too many times and Dean had felt himself nod off mid-conversation. It was quiet, comfortably so, but Dean found himself yearning for the comfort of a mattress and the warmth of a silk comforter draped over him much more than he wanted to stay awake any longer-- and it didn’t take a rocket scientist to tell that Sam was thinking the same thing as his head started to loll back and jerk forward in a constant repetition.
(TW: Suicide. Not described in massive detail, but if you want to skip it, look for the bolded word "Hello" after reading "You might not want to be in here, Sam".)
“You’re trapped with the grace you’re given.” Joel took a breath and blew up billowy puffs of smoke, keeping his eyes focused on the grey clouds as he and Dean stared silently out at the parking lot. “You can never turn it off, and in my case, it serves as a constant reminder that you’ve been tasked with the hassle that is giving humans ‘heavenly guidance’.”
“My dear Castiel,” Balthazar says, “Anna isn’t available to do the planning this year owing to the 3 months she will be taking off starting in November.”  Balthazar is calm as he explains that Castiel has been handed the checkbook and the checklist to putting together the company holiday party-slash-open house.  Anna always did such a wonderful job, but that was a part of her job duties as office manager for the law firm. Castiel, despite only joining the firm a few years ago, hadn’t been brought on for his party planning skills.  He takes a deep breath and counts down from ten.
“Cas.”  Dean slapped his hands on the table top and stood up.  Cas started, half afraid Dean would topple over.
“I came because we need to talk, Dean.  Tonight’s events have made some things very clear to me and I think I need to get this off my chest.”  Dean and Lisa shared a look and Lisa started to get up.
Dean and Eileen are in the kitchen trading recipes, leaving Cas and Sam to sip expensive bourbon in front of the fireplace.  Spending time with Sam and Eileen is always relaxing for Cas.  He always tries to take extra days off during the Thanksgiving holiday since he doesn’t really take time for himself at any other time of year.  This year he’s tried to keep his vacation stress-free, but it has been difficult considering the party is less than one month away and there is still so much to be finished before then.
“My name’s Dean and it was no problem…” He pauses like he is waiting for something.  Once again, his brain freezes and Castiel doesn’t quite know what to say.  The alpha knows he is an omega so why isn’t he just using their designation titles?
Sam makes it sound so simple but Dean is going to tie himself up in knots until tomorrow when he gets a chance to talk to Cas.  He takes a deep breath, holds it, and then exhales slowly. “Yeah, alright Sam. I get it. Thanks, man. I appreciate the pep talk.”
Cas decides to head for the front of the store and the customer service counter.  Surely she hasn’t left the store and can be paged.  As he turns the corner of the aisle, he sees a man, an Alpha, at the customer service counter holding his daughter.
“Cas, we’re giving you carte blanche with the budget.  Hire yourself a party planner, if you must, but you will select a date, a venue and an appropriate menu so that the firm can celebrate a banner year.”
“Ah, well.  You can blame that on Jo and Sam.  Jo noticed you looking at me that night at the Roadhouse and she mentioned to me that you were open to dating all genders.  Her words, not mine.  Sam confirmed it by telling me a little about how you ended up in Blue Falls.”
“That is nothing you should be admitting to, Dean.  You know I always tell you to read those contracts when I send them to you,” she admonished.
“Cas, I honestly don’t have any idea what you are talking about.  Lisa is helping me end my contract obligations so that I can be free to stay with you here in Blue Falls.  Nothing is going on between us and if you had just stuck around and talked to me at the Roadhouse, you wouldn’t be bursting in here demanding we break up.”  Dean looked bewildered at Cas’ admission.  Dean’s reactions to everything Cas had said so far were starting to confuse him.
“Dean, please don’t take my hesitance in responding as some sort of negative reaction.  I’m just trying to wrap my head around the fact that you want both me and Emma.”  It is exhilarating and scary at the same time; Cas has never expected that he would find someone this close to perfect.  He’s not ruling out another pinch just to double check that he’s awake and that this is really happening.
“Not as much as Gabriel does, that’s for sure.  Gabe clamed up once he realized he’d been spilling the beans.  Sam told me it was a bad break up and that the cops had to get involved but that is really all he knows.  So that’s all I know.”  Cas hummed but didn’t say anything.  Truthfully, he didn’t like to think about the events that had driven him to Blue Falls.  He’d been in Texas for almost 7 months.  The nightmares surrounding the events that led him to Blue Falls had almost disappeared.  His hesitation must have shown in his face because Dean pulled him closer.
“Jesus, Dean.  Don’t you think you should ask him if he’s busy first?  Or maybe if he’s working?”  Sam was laughing but it was aimed at his brother, so Cas didn’t feel like Sam was making fun of him.
“Same, man.  Claire seems to be pretty easy going.  She doesn’t really use that word either.  But I think that’s more a Cas thing than a Claire thing.”
“Who, Lisa? Yeah, they go way back.  Dean and Lisa used to be a couple back when Dean was in his mid-twenties.  Real serious, too.  Me and mom thought they’d get married, especially since Dean was practically acting like Ben’s dad for a while.  I guess Lisa wasn’t keen on all his travelling during the early days of his rodeo career so she dumped him.  Agreed to keep managing him, though.”  Cas let his head fall against the wall.
“Yeah, you couldn’t keep your eyes off me, could ya?” Dean bounced his eyebrows up and down in a way that Cas thought was supposed to be sexy but only made him look silly.  Cas couldn’t help but laugh.
Dean’s naked chest.  Dean barely stops himself from sucking in his stomach just a little.  He doesn’t have nearly the same level of physical fitness as he did 6 months ago when he was handed an honorable discharge by the United States Army and sent off into the civilian world.  He’s still in decent shape but he can feel a little bit of pooch poking out above the waistband of his sweatpants.
“Okay, okay.  I get it,” he chuckles.  “Excellent idea if I do say so myself.  Let’s get home and get started on dinner.”  As Cas drives home, he completely forgets about the light green paper that Emma had clutched in her tiny fist and the project she was supposed to complete.
In some ways growing up with a big family was nice but in other ways Castiel couldn’t wait to get out of the house.  His family hadn’t kept him from having a social life in high school, but he wasn’t the most popular kid.  He had friends and dated but still felt like he struggled when it came to social interaction.  College was a revelation to him.  Suddenly he found himself with no adult supervision (“It was liberating and a little scary to find out that I was the adult,” he tells Dean as they continue to learn more about each other.) and he went a little wild.
Dean hadn’t sent him a text all day and Cas was kind of missing the man.  They hadn’t gone an entire day without some form of communication since that first date.  It was making him a little short with the other servers.  Ellen had commented on his attitude and Cas just brushed it off at being stressed at the number of people at the Roadhouse that night.  Cas hadn’t expected Dean to come in so was surprised when Jo mentioned seeing Dean and his manager in one of the corner booths.
The old man huffed and adjusted his suspenders, sighing before opening the door and walking towards his beaten down van with a strangely irritated look on his face. Thanking the cashier, Dean made way back to his own car soon after, but kept his eyes on the back of the other customer’s head until he had no choice but to sit down in his own seat and turn the car back on. Something about him was...off, but recognizable, and if Dean wasn’t so focused on finding the angel he was looking for, he would have tried to discern what the uneasy feeling in his chest was.
“Dean, do you want to know what’s in my hand?” Castiel asked eagerly, standing in front of him and quite obviously holding the object out like it was a first place trophy.
“Yeah right, I beat you to everything. Besides, didn’t I already beat you at… just about everything academically?”
But if Sam understood Joel’s statement the same way Dean did, he didn’t show it. “Then, in that case, everything’s ready.” He looked to Joel, who flashed a thumbs up, and then to Dean, who was unconsciously tapping his foot on the flooring.  “Dean, you wanna go over it one last time?”
“It was fine, Sam. Very… eventful. I also got ceramics.” Castiel’s voice was in a hushed murmur, like he didn’t know whether or not to contribute to the conversation between them. Dean didn’t blame him- Sam was being a bitch.
“So I’ll follow you there, and then we’ll reconvene in another city after I’ve gotten what I need?” Dean asked, stuffing his hands in his pockets as he walked down the sidewalk.
“Ah,” Dean put a hand to his temple and groaned, acting like the word ‘blind’ had been buried under the rest of his vocabulary and forgotten there. “There it is.”
.  He just wanted to keep everything bottled up, and move on like nothing ever happened. Like he could see, and hunt, and fight, and fuck around just like normal.
“So?” The angel asked, taking steps away and waving the ‘people’ back down into the ground with the motion of his wrist. “What do you say?”
Joel didn’t speak, looking off into the distance until Dean slammed his hand onto the bike rail. “Just say it so I don’t have to.”
Sam nodded in agreement, and with a quick stride onto the sidewalk, the two men tried to blend in as well as possible with the talkative group of people and kept their faces down and centered on absolutely nothing. Most of the group didn’t notice them at all, though a couple that were trailing behind looked at the two men suspiciously, and they passed the police officers that stood by the entrance with a clean ease.
“Good luck on your journey, Mr. Winchester.” She smiled at Sam, picking up her cigarette from earlier and lighting it again. “And to you,
“Here.” Castiel directed him to an unknown but intimate hunk of steel and aluminum and let his hands wander around it like a lost child, making sure to feel every aspect of it and let the texture be ingrained into his mind. Dean felt something, like he was onto something, but he wasn’t going to lie- he had no fucking clue what the thing in his hands was.
The conversation faded over time as the two of them lost themselves in their thoughts, though there was a comfortable silence that had taken its place, and Dean felt Castiel slow his pace as they got closer and closer to their rendezvous point. Was Sam there already? He’d better have been, because Dean was still just as nervous as he had been since he heard those tires screech away earlier that day- and the longer time went on, the more that anxiousness grew.
“Sadly. I know you were terribly busy.” Joel freely let the sarcasm drip from his teeth all as he spoke, looking at the tight-lipped Elena and stretching out a smile of his own before turning back to Sam and Dean. “This is our cue.”
A chair slowly materialized behind Dean, black and white and properly cushioned all around, but he didn't sit down. Not until he saw Ephraim do it first, plopping down in his own identical seat and outstretching a hand to Dean's as if ensuring that all was fine. Even after seeing it with his own eyes, Dean still took a few extra minutes to stand, and when he realized that the only way the conversation would continue was if he accepted Ephraim's so-called generosity, he took the bait and sat uncomfortably in the seat in front of him.
“I do not care.” She responded in the same monotonous tone. “I have been assigned to guide your soul to the afterlife. There is nothing you could do or say that would dissuade me from my mission.”
It was early in the morning, too early for him to be up and moving about outside of the bunker, but he couldn’t bring himself to go to sleep. He was too busy reliving the past few days, reliving
After a few more moments of watching the lake drift by, Dean then got out of the car, hiking boots hitting stony gravel that crunched with each footstep he took through low swinging branches and steep slopes to the edge of the riverbank.
“Ephraim doesn’t have the power to do anything like that.” Joel gave the short answer and yawned, something Dean found to be both strangely hilarious and extremely paradoxical. “He’s just a Shepherd- he can’t control The Empty in any way, shape or form.”
“All of it. I’m sorry for all of it.” He wasn’t sorry for shit. Perhaps that was why Ephraim saw right through it.
There was a rustling on the other end as Sam moved about on his bed, and Dean could hear a light flick on in the background. “Dean? Dean-- thank
“Holy hell, man, you just don’t know when to stop, do you? Making my show my face this late at night.” The man puffed with a glare, scolding his mugger like he had just knocked over his favorite cookie jar. “Now, if you’ll excuse me, I have a show to watch. Another Gilmore Girls rerun is coming on at 8.”
He said it like it was common knowledge, but when his floaty sounding answer was met with 4 equally bewildered eyes, Joel shook his head and ran exasperated fingers in his short black hair.
Dean drummed his fingers on the table, agreeing with the idea. “Worst case scenario is that we lose a few minutes of our time.”
Joel's, then they had to make their way up to the hospital room as soon as they could so they could ambush him right in the hallway before he expected a thing. It was a violent plan, but whenever you threatened the safety of Dean's car, things always got violent.
After rinsing his face and brushing his teeth, he slipped on his clothes and paid close attention to the faded black palm print that still stained his jacket, resting on his heart and reminding him of who belonged there. Putting his hand on the print- he didn’t feel right calling it a stain- he felt the drumming of his heartbeat under his clothes and clutched at the cloth material, taking a breath and nodding in the mirror with an added layer of resolution in his face. If he waited around any longer, wondering if he could succeed and asking himself if he would even want to see him again, he would only be letting the gap that stood between them grow larger and larger until it could no longer be crossed. He had done enough brooding, enough wallowing, enough crying. Now, it was time to take that first step into the unknown and finally go get him, and that was exactly what he was going to do.
Sam thought it was boring, and he told him so every time they stumbled upon a lake on their way to a hunt or just sat by one to kill time, but he never cared about his brother’s opinion whenever it was just him and the water. The way the waves crashed upon themselves, mixing their currents to abide by the wind’s directions and swirling around in front of him like a beckoning call, was a calm in the tempest that he called his everyday life and a song to the storms that bellowed haunting thoughts in his mind.
Castiel sighed, but he took the gun from Dean’s hands and set it down on the table, disassembling it with an ease his lover had lost for what felt like an eternity ago.
“You might...not want to be in here, Sam.” Dean said out of the corner of his mouth as he shuffled in his backpack for his lethal item of choice, and he could hear Sam gulp from across the room and shuffle away.
“Yeah, is being in the car with me that insufferable? I might be offended depending on your answer.” Joel drawled through smiling teeth, his eternally snobbish voice managing to jolt Dean from his still half-sleep.
“Cas? What did you- what did-” he started, but he knew it was too late. Cas was already gone, much to his distaste, and he had no choice but to wait until his boyfriend came back for him.
Dean let the other part of his sentence slip in one ear and out of the other, putting a hand on his heart and feigning an offense he never had. “My little brother, beating me to something? Hell no- if anything,
“Just who did you take this power from, Ephraim?” Dean fumbled about in the chair, but it was no use to pretend that he had a chance of escaping. “Who did you steal it from?”
He cackled, hunching over at the thought of it, and it didn’t take a genius to know that Sam was growing increasingly flustered by the second.
“Get Castiel back, I know that.” Joel interrupted, circling his finger in the air. “My question is, how? You gonna defeat Ephraim in a page-turning battle and kill him twice? Maybe go toe-to-toe with the black ooze itself?”
done whatever you wanted.” Joel quipped with a smirk, though his tense adam’s apple that hung suspended in the middle of his throat showed that he wasn’t happy with the situation in the slightest. “But before I go-” With a slow, airy step, he walked to Maryanne with a wink and brightened at the sound of her laughter like she had told him a wonderful secret.
“No, that was last night. You missed it just by a couple of hours.” Dean pried his eyes from the case just long enough to turn back to Sam and smirk.
Dean should have known better than to think that things would change, or that life would be different. Surviving The Empty, defeating Chuck, killing vampires and zombies alike- it was all part of routine for the three of them, and that's how it would be until the day things ultimately ended- but that wouldn't be happening anytime soon. In the end, there was only one truth that bound the three of them together, and it was one that would last for eternity.
Dean shook his head, instantly forgetting the millisecond long tension he had felt settle in his body. “Nothing. Just figured it was a weird coincidence.”
“Ever since, it's been my only mission to keep her safe.” Joel uttered the words like he was saying something inherently horrid, his body now completely turned to the window and the butt of his cigarette squashed in the flower pot by his side. “That’s why I’m hiding out here, and why it’ll stay that way until Maryanne…
, Castiel let the words spill from his lips in a whisper, the sounds of validation so soothing in Dean’s ears that he was almost certain he’d become addicted to it before long.
Hiking up the steps soon after he deemed the coast to be clear and glancing into the multi-paned window through the gap in the ugly floral curtains, he confirmed the person in the living room to be the man he was looking for and pointed at him for Sam to see. “Alright- that’s the guy. You ready?”
The choice had been made and the line had been crossed, which Dean had been all too quick to determine, and he could tell that Sam wasn’t going to stop him. He could tell that Sam knew he
After being touched by The Empty’s winding fingers and robbed of their 'assets', transported back to Earth and beating Chuck’s ass (something Dean never thought he’d be able to put on his resume), they had reached the end of the story. Now, Dean was blind, Castiel was mortal, and God was too. That was the textbook answer that Dean had come to accept, devoid of all emotion and simply stating fact.
The crisp Louisiana breeze nipped at Dean’s nose like a mosquito bite the minute he opened the front door and took a while to stand outside of their motel room, the parking lot ahead being desolate with the exception of three cars, and he felt himself breathe as he watched his exhale escape into the air in a brush of white fog.
"Works out for me, then." Dean interrupted, and Joel muttered hints of a reply as he adhered to Elena's command, pricked his thumb, and let a drop of blood fall into the center of the circle.
“Let’s just say we have a process.” Sam answered, staying with Joel a distance away as Dean worked things out with the receptionist. “It’s pretty grizzly, but we usually use that way to summon a Reaper if we’re short on options. Once we have them, we plan to trap them just in case they try to leave too soon- or if they want to take Dean with them.”
“Of course, Dean.” Castiel put a hand to Dean’s cheek and slowly rubbed his thumb against his auburn brown stubble, and Dean could hear the smile that was in his words. He wished he could see it, too, but it was too late for that. All he could do was imagine it, and his general picture of it was good enough.
“Ah.” Castiel sounded sheepish and pulled away from Dean’s ear, coughing awkwardly into his hand. “I didn’t think you’d catch that.”
They stood like that for 3 straight minutes, with Dean being too restless to go to sleep back inside the motel room and Joel solemnly thinking of things that the company beside him couldn’t even begin to imagine. Dean didn’t know what else to say that wouldn’t unearth the topic that had previously killed the mood until familiarly soothing lyrics eased their way out of the inn’s age-old announcement speakers and wafted around the two of them.
“Because I do, Sam.” Dean put the finality of his words in his sentence as Sam pulled into one of the vacant parking spots of the Crown Prince Inn- a strange name considering how the place looked like 18 people had been murdered in it- and unbuckled his seatbelt. “Don’t worry about it. I’m going to be fine.”
“Yeah, I got that already.” Joel hissed.  “Look, I don’t want to get ugly in a hospital, but I can and will render the both of you powerless if you don’t leave me alone.”
Thankfully he disguised his emotions well, and always made sure to evade the question when Sam asked him just how he intended to ‘kill’ Ephraim in the first place, but recently, there was always a pair of eyes locked on the back of his head that saw through every façade and every half-assed joke Dean tried to create.  It was like Joel knew him, every part of him, and read through his mind like an old picture book the longer time went on. He was supposed to be an angel of mortal empathy, and Dean had already learned that fact through a 5 minute google search, but there was still something more to Joel that Dean couldn’t figure out. Somehow, Joel knew more than he said he did, felt more, saw more- and all of it seemed to be silently at Dean’s expense.
“Here we are- room 205.” Sam jabbed the keycard into the lock with a sharp click, swinging the door open. Before they could settle into the hotel room, Sam snapped and muttered a few curses under his breath, grabbing his wallet suddenly from his bag and turning back around towards the door. “I forgot to get something on the way here- a celebratory gift. I’ll be back in a second.”
“Well I don’t, and I don’t have time for games.” The chair crattled and clanked as Dean stood up, but the movements weren’t quite fast enough to evade the eye of Ephraim himself. In seconds, oozing black tentacles appeared from the ground, wrapped around Dean’s arms and legs and sat him back down in his chair with a force used more as a warning than a full display of power; and it kept him there, secured in that cushion and tight around his wrists.
“You wouldn’t wake up when I tried all of the other ways, so I figured that I had to resort to… stronger measures.” Sam pouted, batting his eyelashes and clasping his hands together in the most ‘innocent’ way he could- which for a 24 year old, wasn’t very innocent at all.
He only kneeled, his knees scraping concrete through thick denim jeans and his head tilted further down so to see nothing at all but the shifting and crackling of the ground below him, and he let the weakness of his action show as the sign of his acceptance.
“We need your help.” Sam repeated Dean’s words from the night with the most calm voice he could muster, acting like he was soothing a cat from a tree.
“We’re looking for room 346.” Dean said the minute he locked eyes on her, trying his best to look as normal as he could as Sam hunched over next to him, his back turned to the police officer’s in an attempt to stop them from getting a good glimpse of either of their faces.
“Maybe--” Sam grunted as he sat back down, opening his bottle of beer before speaking again. “Maybe it’s just a mirage. Like a human illusion that The Empty designed for you to see, or something.”
Dean flicked through the pages of yet another book and tried to focus against the pitter-pattering sounds of somber rain, the pile of other unread ones and already read ones beginning to muddle together on the floor to his left, and felt his head begin to nod back and forth as he slowly lost the battle to his long-withstanding exhaustion. His watch read ‘3:36’, and he cursed with a stretch before slumping his elbows down on the table’s cold glass surface and resting his head on his hand. Yet again, he had lost all concept of time, and the consequences showed as his eyes began to glass over with the sweet promise of sleep hot on their heels. Not yet. He still had to decipher the Latin passage that he hadn’t been able to translate earlier that week, and try to connect the ancient illustrations in the 18th book he had ‘borrowed’ to the ooze that had formed from the ground and seemed to absorb everything that day, and do a million other things that he was rapidly forgetting the more his brain began to shut down and his body began to lose all its tension.
Patting Sam's back as if a spur to action, he prompted him to start walking towards the revolving glass doors that stood in front of them before stopping him just as fast as they turned the corner.
too.” It looked like it physically pained him to say the words. “That’s why I haven’t been an ‘angel’ for the past 32 years, either.”
Comments, Kudos, and Anything Elses are all greatly appreciated, and I thank you for helping me get to 1k+ hits.
“Something tells me that you didn’t try jack shit.” Dean murmured, glaring at Sam’s smug leer. In spite of his earlier protests, he stood up from the bed and wiped down his shirt, flinging the small beads of water onto the carpet and sauntering off to change clothes in the bathroom.
His angel, perfect and warm, was all Dean could ever want and ever need in his life, and even when the song had ended and bland commercials had taken its place, the whisper of the melody and the low utterance of the lyrics somehow still rang out as loudly as they had before.
“Is that what you’re about to do?” Dean asked, smelling the slight hint of menthol in the tobacco smoke as he put his hand on the top of the silver bike rail in front of him. “Give me heavenly guidance?”
The chapter where the duo meets a fortune teller- and she tells them some fairly interesting new information.
“You heard me.” Joel stepped up from his chair and sauntered towards the woman in the trap, yawning as he made his way to her. “If I offered to become the angel of Death again, would that make you change your mind?”
“You know.. Dean stuff.” Dean didn’t really have an answer, so he just said the first three examples that came to mind. “Beer, clothes, maybe a sex swing if I felt frisky.”
It was the first thing Dean noticed as he took small steps down a desolate sidewalk, trapped between a world of brokenness and a world of mystery with nothing but orange street lights overhead to guide his path.
“Yeah.” It was all Dean could say to keep scalding tears from rushing down his face and worrying his brother anymore than he already had.
Dean’s face turned white as a sheet as the words registered, but he cleared his throat and tried to put on his usual mask of inner confidence as he went for the door. He could already tell this wasn’t a talk he wanted to have, and much less with a stranger he had just met. “Did your little turtle shell tell you that, too?”
“You too.” He nodded at Joel, who had been standing silently by the front door for the past 25 minutes.
“You worked with Reapers?” When Joel only responded in a haphazard shrug, Dean turned to Elena. “He worked with Reapers?”
When he thought about it, he guessed that maybe the beauty of the water was just a way for him to find a single good thing on the solemnly grey day that he had been preparing himself for since he could first see the future again, but maybe fate had just decided to bless him one more time before he defied it for what he guessed would be the last time. Either way, he knew that the reasoning didn’t matter.
