Dean was only able to get his jeans down so far, but he couldn’t wait, so when he felt Cas push up against him, he immediately started grinding down against him, needing some kind of friction. He kissed Cas deeply the entire time, needing his whole body to be occupied. After a little while he pulled back just enough to get his boxers down, not caring that they were bunched up by his ankles. He pushed Cas’s legs up so they were wrapped around his waist, making it easier for him to get deeper inside of him. He lined himself up with Cas’s entrance and slid in deeply, having no trouble since Cas was already loose from earlier. He groaned by Cas’s ear, starting to move his hips
Castiel followed dean down the halls and nervously looked around, holding his arms to his chest and trying to calm down.  He looked at dean once he opened a closet, the smell of cleaner and old fabric hitting him in the face.  His heart beat got faster and he could hear it in his ears.  He did as he said, kneeling onto the ground with a sigh and looking up at him with a small glare.
Eventually class was over and Castiel had a free period to go study in the library.  He stood up from the desk and walked out to the hallway, the bell ringing as he walked into the library and opened a door to the private room he was going to use for a while.  It didn’t have any windows, and it was sound proof.  Making it the perfect place to study.  He sat down and shut the door, since there wasn’t a lock, and opened his backpack, pulling out his laptop and beginning to do some work.
Dean had planned to go just hangout with his friends and skip this period, but he was honestly way too interested in Cas, having learned his name during attendance, to leave the school. He followed the boy to the library and saw what room he went in and smirked. He waited a little while before walking over and opening the door. He walked inside and shit the door behind him, sitting next to Cas. “Hey there, seems like we didn’t get to finish our conversation from earlier.” He said with a smirk
“You’ll see. It’s not too exciting though, so don’t get your hopes up.” Dean said with a small shrug. He drove to a spot he often went to that was just outside of town, the edge of some woods. Once he got there he parked, grabbing something from the glove box and getting out of the car. “C’mon Cassie.” He said, not even realizing he’d started using that nickname. He knew there was rarely anyone around, so he didn’t need to worry about anyone catching them. He took out a blunt and lit it, taking a drag from it and then blowing out the smoke before holding it out to Cas. “Try it.” He hummed
Castiel saw the look in deans eyes when he said his parents would be gone for five more days, swallowing slightly.  He sighed deeply and shrugged.  “I really don’t care.  I don’t get out that often, so I don’t know many places.”  He stood up to pull on his boxers and jeans.  “Also, what’s with the nickname?”  He furrowed his eyebrows and looked at him in confusion.
Castiel went limp against the chair he was in, panting heavily and letting out small sounds as he tried to catch his breath and calm down.  He felt dean pull out and he suppressed a whine, his legs shaking as he felt his body become like jelly.  It was a weird feeling, but he kind of liked it?  He looked up at dean, knowing exactly what dean wanted to hear from him.  He frowned and glared slightly.  Truthfully, it felt wonderful, and he’d be more then happy to do it again (on a bed) but he wasn’t about to tell him that, only making his ego grow further.  “Thanks...” He panted.  “For taking it slow.”  He glared and adjusted himself in the chair, pulling up his boxers and using his jacket to wipe away the semen on his stomach.  He wasn’t about to thank dean for taking his virginity without his verbal consent (he had him against the wall, and then he asked if he wanted him to stop?) so fuck his feelings.  He didn’t care.  “Now will you leave?”  He snapped at him.
Castiel was relieved that dean was giving him a break.  He eventually caught his breath and stared at him, his hands still shaking.  He was about to say no, when he added the last part to his sentence.  He closed his mouth and paused, thinking about it.  He was right, his parents would have him just say “no” immediately, but did he really want to stop?  It felt good, so far at least.  He closed his eyes for a moment, trying to decide what he was going to do.  He forced his eyes open again and he bit the inside of his bottom lip roughly.  He closed his eyes before speaking again, finally deciding.  “You c-can k-keep going...” he whispered.  “Just...” he knew he would sound like a pussy, but he had to say it.  “Just go s-slow?”  He said quietly.
Castiel slept for a few hours before waking up, yawning deeply and noticing the position he was in.  He smiled slightly and sat up, sighing and gently shaking Dean awake.  “Dean?  Let’s go upstairs.”  He said quietly, kissing his cheek and standing up.  He wanted them both to sleep upstairs in his bed, it was a lot more comfortable then his couch, anyway.
Deans words went through one ear and out the other, his head up in the clouds as he tried to think about literally anything.  He looked at dean when he saw him hold out the joint, taking it from him and taking a drag from it without hesitating.  He sighed deeply to himself, finally thinking about something.  He thought about dean.  How good he felt earlier that day and a few days ago.  He remembered how good it felt and he wanted it again.  He really wanted it again.
He shrugged and looked out the front window.  “You’re the one who said “scratch that.” Unless you /really/ want ice cream?”  He raised an eyebrow at him.  He looked around the front of the car and noticed the flat space that the seat provided.  So... why the hell did he think about how there was enough room for dean to fuck him here?
Dean knew Cas would have questions, and he’d answer them, he just wouldn’t go into full detail. He wouldn’t ever do that unless he had to. He didn’t want anyone to pity him because of his situation, especially not someone he was starting to like and take an interest in. “I’m just not that interest.” He said with a soft chuckle. “There’s nothing to really know.” He said with a soft, casual shrug. “We could try things out. You’re the first person I’ve actually liked in a while so.. I don’t see the harm in trying and seeing where it goes.” He then said with a small smile
Castiel watched him with disdain, staring at him with a frown.  He saw him blow the smoke towards him, making him turn his head away and cough roughly, his eyes welling up with tears.  He looked back at him and sighed, glancing at the joint in his hand.  He thought about his words and looked down, realizing that he was pretty much right.  He sighed deeply in defeat and took the joint from him, pausing before hesitantly taking a much shorter drag before pulling it away and coughing like he was about to hack up a lung.  Tears were in his eyes as he wiped them away, trying to catch his breath again.  “Fuck...” he said softly, coughing a little more before handing the joint back to dean.  He’s heard about getting high, and he knows that some people love it, so he figured he might as well try it.  He had sex with a guy, why not smoke too?
away when the timer went off.  He grabbed an oven mitt and checked on the cookies, deciding that they were done.  He pulled them out and sat them onto the stove to cool, taking off the oven mitt and turning off the oven.  “Great.  Now my house smells like weed.”  He laughed to himself.
Dean was catching his breath as he listened to Cas, at first thinking he was going to complain ba out something, but grinning when he heard what he was actually saying. “Good. It feels so much better when I don’t.” He said, leaning down and kissing Cas deeply. He stayed there with him like that for a little while, just enjoying both of the highs he was feeling. Eventually though, he back up, pulling out of Cas and sitting back on the couch, exhaling deeply and then chuckling softly. “That was really fuckin good” he breathed, running his fingers through his hair
Castiel listened to dean walk around and behind him, hearing him kneel down and suddenly laying his hands onto his ass, making him flinch.  He tried to look back, furrowed his eyebrows.  “What are you-“ he suddenly felt a tongue around his hole and his words turned into a loud gasp then to a moan.  He pushed his face into the couch cushion, trying to quiet himself as he felt the strange but wonderful feeling around him, digging his nails and fingers into the back of the couch.
Dean listens and chuckled softly, “no, I haven’t. Wanna change that?” He smirked, walking over to Cas and resting his hands on his car on either side of Cas’s waist. “Cause hell, I’d love that.” He said, leaning forward and pressing his lips against Cas’s. Dean hadn’t really been thinking about anything, but now that Cas mentioned sex, he couldn’t help but already starting to get hard
Castiel watched dean move closer, staring at him and slowly turning so he was sitting against the arm of the couch, swallowing heavily as he saw dean go to touch him.  He forced his mouth to stay closed while letting out a moan, looking at him with a smirk. “How many times have you said that before?”  He said quietly.  For some reason, imagining someone else with dean made him jealous.  He hated that he felt jealous, but he did, and he really couldn’t explain it.  Well, he could actually.  He just wanted dean to be his and only his.
Dean never cuddled with anyone after sex. Maybe sometimes he’d stick around if they both fell asleep, but he’d always be gone before the person woke up. He always wanted something that, though. Secretly, Dean craved affection and attention. It was something he longed for. Being in his altered state of mind, plus the afterglow of what they’d just done, Dean wasn’t thinking about having to be on guard or act tough. He was just thinking about what he wanted, and Damn did cuddling sound nice right now. He slouched in the seat a bit, a position he would be in when he wanted to take a quick nap in the car without actual laying down in the seat. “C’mere.” He mumbled, holding his arms out for Cas
Castiel looked at dean in total confusion before sighing a bit, leaning forward and resting his head in his palm.  “You don’t need to beat anyone up.”  He said softly.  “It’s no one specific.  It’s just how I was raised.”  He mumbled.  “My parents are the most conservative Christians you’ll ever meet.  And I was raised to be exactly like them, I went to church every Sunday, I went to Bible study every week, I read the Bible morning, noon, and night, and yet...”. He sighed and rubbed his face.  “I’ve known I was gay since I was 12, and I’ve hated myself ever since.  Now I realize how fucked up my parents are and what they’re teaching is just... psychotic, but I still can’t help but be mad at myself.”  He frowned and looked away.  “And I can’t tell my parents.  Or I’ll be kicked out and cut off from the family.”  He sighed.
Dean watched Cas, seeing how he teared up from the smoke. “You’ll get used to that.” He hummed. He kept watching, wanting to know how Cas would react. He chuckled when he started coughing, thinking it was a bit funny. “You good?” He said, taking the blunt back and taking a hit. “It’ll take a little while to get used to, but keep trying, you’ll figure it out.” He said, not wanting to let Cas give up just yet because he thought he would enjoy being high. “Try again.” He said, passing it back to Cas
Homeschooled up until his junior year, he was finally starting his senior year.  It was as only his second year in public school, and he wasn’t even close to being prepared to go.  Castiel had been dreading this moment for a long time.  He was very optimistic in the beginning of his junior year, but that was until he was beaten up by some of the schools assholes just because he lived under a rock for 16 years.  He had very dorky and stupid shirts that his parents had bought him, so he did a complete wardrobe change, and wore some different things.  He looked better now, styled his hair a different way and acted like a different person then two years ago, who thought the whole world was a kind and happy place.
Castiel snorted and shook his head as dean teased him, sticking his tongue out at him and smiling a little as he spoke.  He sighed deeply and looked down for a moment.  “Dean, I want to know you.  I really want to, because I want to...” he sighed and shrugged.  “I wanna be with you.”  He muttered softly.  “But I can tell something else is going on.  I just want to... I want to know you.”  He shrugged a little bit and stared at the ground.  “But if you don’t want to, that’s okay.  I get it.”  He said softly.  “But I’m not gonna be any less interested in you if you tell me.”  He gave him a reassuring smile.
Dean was surprised with the way Cas responded, having expected him to just leave him alone and not question him anymore. Despite what Cas was saying, Dean kind of liked the way he was talking. He sounded hot, and like he could run somebody around who was much bigger than him. He started listening again to what he was saying though, and he looked down rather than answer. When he felt Cas move his chin and growl, he just wanted to pounce. “Yeah, got it.” He said, not necessarily being intimidated by Cas, but rather letting his vulnerable side feel the smaller boys wrath. He let Cas’s words sink it rather than let his hard, ‘I don’t give a shit’ attitude, shell take all of it. He felt the need to speak up and say something stupid, anything to make himself seem like the bigger person out of the two of them and to make Cas leave him alone. But he knew that was just the guard he’d created for himself, so he held himself back, staying quiet instead
Castiel was trembling as he felt him add more fingers, stretching him open and making him groan.  He heard the condom wrapper and his eyes widened, a pit of dread and arousal inside of his gut rising into his entire body.  He felt dean push inside of him and he gasped into the couch, letting out a mix of moans and whimpers.  He kept his face in the couch cushion when he could hear dean right next to his ear, making him shiver and cry out a little louder as dean pushed inside of him.
Castiel nodded slightly, sighing a little once he was done coughing.  “Yeah, fine.  Just smoking weed, I’m doing great.”  He gave him a passive aggressive smile, sighing a little and wiping the tears away.  He looked at him when he handed it out to him again, frowning slightly before sighing deeply and taking it from him once again.  He took a deep breath in before taking another drag from it, coughing again, but keeping his mouth closed and coughing a lot less then the first time.  He handed it back to dean, suddenly feeling himself relax.  He sat against the hood of the car, slowly becoming light headed.  He tried focusing on something, but he could barely think, it was like a fog was in his head instead of his brain, slowly seeping out as he sighed.  Was he high?  He smiled slightly to himself, enjoying the thought of being high for the first time in spite of his parents.
Castiel scoffed when he said a week long sleep over.  “Yeah, sure.   A week long sleepover, except instead of little girls talking about their crushes and scary stories, it’s two guys smoking weed and fucking each other probably around 10 times a day.”  He rolled his eyes, smiling a little to himself.  He sighed a little and yawned, closing his eyes again and resting a little longer.  He was still tired, and he knew he’d be sore as all hell by the next morning, since they also had the rest of the day to have as much sex as they wanted.
Dean looked back at the boy through the mirror, immediately knowing he’d seen him somewhere before, but not being able to place where. “Hey, you.” He said before the boy could leave. “Where have I seen you before?” He said, turning to face him. Not knowing felt like an itch that Dean needed to scratch. The boy seemed so familiar, but why?
Dean grinned when Cas asked about his car, always loving to talk about it. “She’s a ‘67 Impala.” He said proudly, starting the car and beginning to drive. “This car is my baby, I’d do anything for it.” He said, seeming to be in a much better mood now than he usually was at school, not being so hostile. Dean knew he didn’t really know Cas, but he felt comfortable around him. Maybe it was because they were in similar situations.. Dean wasn’t sure, and he tried not to let the thought linger in his mind too much, not wanting to think about how he’d eventually have to go home after he hung out with Cas. John would be there. Of course. The only reason Dean didn’t just leave and not come back was because he knew his little brother was there with their dad, and he couldn’t leave him behind
Dean tossed the condom into the trash can and pulled up his boxers and jeans, fixing his belt as Cas started to speak. He grinned when Cas thanked him, though furrowed his brows at what the boy said next. “Oh c’mon, baby blue, I didn’t make you mad, did I?” He said in a teasing tone. “Those sounds you were making didn’t sound very angry to me.” He smirked. When Cas snapped at him, though, his attitude turned into a more serious and threatening one. “Who the fuck do you think you’re talking to, huh? I own this school, and everyone in it, which includes you. So unless you want me to make your like even worse than it already is, I’d watch how the fuck you talk to me.” He hissed. He then smirked. “I’ve got an idea, Wanna hear it? Good. I’ll go easy on you, won’t bother you too much. Or tell the whole school, and your precious little parents, that you’re a twink. All you gotta do is... be my bitch.” Dean said simply. “Just hangout whenever I ask you to, be ready to fuck.. That’s all.  Not such a bad deal. I’d consider it, if I were you.” Dean said lowly, willing to do almost anything to keep his reputation and not let some nobody new kid talk down to him.
Dean hissed, leaning back, “Fuck.” He growled, putting his finger up to his lip and then seeing the blood that was on it. He chuckled darkly, “you’re gonna get it now.” He said, standing over Cas and pushing him down in the booth seat, hovering over him. He pinned Cas’s hands over his head, having control of most of his body except for his legs. He leaned down, though stopped right before their lips touched. “You gonna let your parents keep sheltering you? Or are you gonna act like a normal kid. Your own fucking person.” He growled, leaning down and kissing at Cas’s neck, using his free hand to rub over Cas’s crotch
Castiel gestured for him to come closer, handing him the correct measuring cups and gesturing to the flour.  “Scoop up some flour, then push off the excess with this butter knife, then pour it into the bowl.”  He handed him the butter knife.  He stood back and waited to see if dean could figure it out, giving him a reassuring smile.
The kiss disgusted him, not because it didn’t feel good, but because of who gave it to him and from the context of the situation.  Castiel walked out of the room, out of the library and into the bathroom, locking himself in a stall, dropping his backpack onto the floor and curling up on top of the toilet, his knees pressed against his chest.  He pushed his head into his knees, sniffling quietly and trying not to cry.  It was the first day of his senior year, and he was already some assholes fuck toy, just because he threatened to tell his parents that he was gay.  He couldn’t risk his parents finding out, or his life, believe it or not, would get even worse than it already was.
Castiel scoffed softly, shaking his head.  “Yeah, well being “the smart type” comes from being homeschooled most of your life and never being let out of the house.  So, I made myself busy with baking, cooking, studying, and reading books.  I have a tv, but my parents never liked video games.  They mostly let me have a tv so I could watch educational documentaries, but, once they got promoted, they were gone about 2 and a half weeks every month.”  He sighed.  “Now it’s about three weeks every month, but I don’t really care.”  He shrugged.  “I’ve been taking care of myself since I was 10.”  He didn’t mean to ramble, but he usually never got to complain about his parents to anyone.  He looked at the cookies dean was making and smiled.  “They look good.”  He said to him.
Castiel smiled as dean groggily stood up and made his way to Castiels bedroom.  Castiel took his hand and lifted up his duffel bag, helping him up the stairs, down the halls and to his bedroom.  He helped dean get into more comfortable clothes before getting into some sweats himself and laying down next to him in the bed.  He wanted to wrap around him like a baby koala, but he also didnt want to seem needy or weird…
Castiel smiled and laughed softly, finding it sweet that Dean called his car a “she” and named it baby.  “Well, she’s a very pretty car.”  He added, looking out the window and watching the scenery pass by.  He wasn’t allowed to leave the house that often, so he didn’t really know the neighborhood, despite being born and raised here his entire life.  He was silent for a few moments before turning his head towards dean to face him.  “So, where are we going?”  He asked softly, raising an eyebrow.
Castiel smiled slightly when dean mentioned his little brother, taking the tray of cookies and putting it into the oven.  “Your brothers name is Sam, right?  How old is he?”  He smiled, setting a timer for about ten minutes.  Castiel has always wanted a sibling, just someone to talk to.  He has a little cousin, Anna, and she’s about Sams age, but he doesn’t see her often since she lives two states over with her parents, who are very kind people.  Castiel wasn’t afraid to admit that he loved his uncle and aunt more then his parents, and he was pretty sure his parents were the same way.
Dean went on with his day, feeling a little bit better but not entirely. Nothing could really make him feel better, he always seemed to be a little angry at everything. Later that day, after school, Dean found himself getting restless, not wanting to go home to his dad. He was just driving around town, but then got an idea. He texted Cas,
Castiel looked over at him in suspicion, raising an eyebrow.  “I guess...” he said softly.  “But I already lost my virginity to a man, so it’s not like I can do much more to rebel against them.”  He shrugged a little bit.  He rolled his eyes.  “Yeah, okay.  So what’s your idea?”  He raised his eyebrows and tried to guess what he might be planning.
Castiel could see how much dean loved his little brother, nodding softly and smiling a little bit.  “That’s awesome.  I don’t have any siblings, but I do have a little cousin, Anna.  I think she’s 6, she’ll turn seven in about 4 months.”  He smiled a little bit as he thought about her.  He sighed and adjusted himself in his seat, leaning back a little.  “I’d love to meet him.  Maybe this Saturday we should do something, I know the county fair is here.  Maybe I could invite Anna.”  He smiled and shrugged a little bit.
Castiel hummed softly.  “I think your just trying to hide your secret obsession.”  He grinned to himself, turning on a horror movie he figured they’d both like.  He heard it was good, so he wanted to try watching it with dean.  He leaned back and rolled his eyes.  “Alright, fine.  Pride and prejudice?  I can see you fawning over a poster of mr Darcy.”  He giggled to himself.
Castiel didn’t really know how to respond to that, so he just stayed silent before hesitantly speaking.  “Thanks...” he said softly.  He held his arms again and glared at the back of his head when he said “almost” which also meant he was still going to.  He stopped walking when dean turned to him, sighing a little and shrugging.  “I don’t care.”  He frowned slightly, really not giving a single shit as to what they did and where they did it.
Dean listened, staying quiet the whole time while Cas explained his situation. He felt a little guilty about how he’s blackmailed Cas now, not realizing that his situation was similar to his own. “Fuck what they think.” He said with a casual shrug, relaxing against the couch. “Sure, maybe don’t tell them yet, but who cares? Do what you want when you’re out, they can’t control yo i that much.” He said to Cas, looking over at him. “If you keep living the way they want you to, your life will be fucked. You’ll never actually get to live.” He said, trying his best to explain how he felt, but being terrible with words. He was in a similar situation with his father, but John wasn’t as strict, not really caring where Dena went and what he did. But boy, if he ever found out.. she shook his head slightly at the thought, not wanting to finish it. He then jumped up from the couch. “Why don’t we go do something? I don’t know where your parents are but I’m guessing since you let me in here they’ll Be gone for a while. Why don’t you let me drive you somewhere and we can do something fun. Nothing crazy, don’t wanna kill you with excitement the first time you leave your house without your parents permission.” He teased at the end, though he was clearly just joking
Castiel got a glass of milk and sipped from it as he walked back to the living room, sitting down next to him and sighing a bit.  He sat the glass down and wondered what their relationship was now.  He yawned and leaned his head against deans shoulder, watching the tv quietly.  He was still tired, but he wanted to make sure dean and him were... together?  He honestly had no idea.  One thing he wanted to find out was what dean was still hiding from him.  He could keep secrets from him, that’s fine.  But if they’re in a relationship, he can’t not know.  He wants to help, and he can’t help unless dean lets him.
Dean chuckled, “then we’re gonna have a new conversation. About who you think you are taking to me like that.” He said with a growl. “I gotta hand it to ya, you’ve got some balls, especially knowing what happened last year. But I’m not the one you want to test your luck with. I don’t care what happened last year, I’ll make this year for you a living hell.” He threatened, though he couldn’t help but be intrigued by the boys attitude
Castiel put on an apron and began making the dough, looking at dean when he walked back inside.  He smiled and nodded softly.  “Great.  Just put it there, I’ll use it.”  He said to him, cracking an egg and vanilla into it, mixing it together and then going to add the dry ingredients.  “You wanna help?”  He looked at dean and raised an eyebrow.
Dean loved every sound Cas made, it being motivation for him to go harder and deeper. He thrusted into Cas deeply, snapping his hips forward quickly. He moved slightly, hoping that with his new angles he’d be able to nail Castiel’s prostate and send him over the edge sooner
Dean smirked, moving one of his hands over Cas’s mouth to quiet him. “Seems like you wanna get caught.. want the whole school to know who’s fucking you?” He breathed, snapping his hips forward particularly harshly once, trying to get to Cas’s prostate. He knew they couldn’t go for much longer, so he was trying to get off as quickly as he could
Dean gave a Cas a few seconds to adjust before he started to move his hips, though he couldn’t do much yet because of how tight Cas still was. “Fuck.. you’re so tight..” he groaned quietly. He looked to Cas’s face, wanting to see how he was reacting. “Shh.. don’t make noise or we’ll get caught. Not that I care, but I’m sure your precious little parents would.” He smirked. He held Cas’s hip with one hand, getting to a steady thrusting pace
Castiel held onto deans shoulders, crying out softly as he felt dean move his hips back and forth in and out of him.  He felt amazing, and being high only made it even better, it felt like he was floating, pleasure coursing through him as he did.  He pushed his face into deans neck, moaning quietly.  “Fuck, dean.”  He said in almost a whisper.
Dean smiled at the mention of Sam, his little brother being the one person in his life that actually made him happy. “Yeah, his name’s Sam, he’s seven. He’s real smart too, already knows how to read and write for the most part.” He said proudly. All Dean wanted for Sam was to have a better life than he did. Dean had already suffered, and he’d continue to do so if that meant keeping Sam safe and out of harms way
Dean smirked at the responses he got from Cas, always loving to see how he could make someone else feel. He Kissed Cas deeply for a moment, though he could already feel himself getting impatient, so he started trialing his lips down his neck, sucking dark marks into his skin. He then reached down with both hands to start pulling Cas’s pants down, eager to get going.
Dean had become a pretty light sleeper over the years, so when Cas started moving, he woke up. He was still half asleep though, only having woken up enough to see what was going on quickly and then closing his eyes again when he realized he was fine. He wasn’t at home. He adjusted his arm around Cas, having been comfortable the way they had been before. “Hm?” He mumbled, his voice a little rough from even the short amount of sleep he’d got. “What is it?” He asked, his voice deeper than normal but he didn’t sound aggressive. He just sounded sleepy, really
Dean smiled softly at the gesture and moved over to the spot Cas had patted. He thought for a moment, thinking about what parts of his life he could actually tell Cas that would make him seem just normal. “I have a little brother Sam, you already know that. We live with just our dad because our mom died in a car accident a couple months after Sam was born.” He said, seeming to be a little more casual about it. He had to act casual when he talked about it otherwise he would get upset, and that was the last thing he wanted when he was around Cas. “My dad is a business guy so he goes on business trips for a few days once and a while so I have to take care of my brother while he’s gone. That’s about it.” He said, looking over to Cas. “See? Not that interesting.” He said with a soft chuckle
Castiel looked at him and backed up further until he was against the wall.  It was a small room, so there wasn’t many places for him to go.  He swallowed heavily when he said he could make it better, for him at least.  Before Castiel could say something, he opened his mouth to speak when he felt deans lips against his own.  He panicked and pushed Dean away from him, standing up against the wall.  “What the hell?!”  He gasped and felt his hands shake.  The lingering feeling of deans lips on his own was not something he didn’t enjoy if he was being honest.  But it was still wrong to just kiss him like that!  ...right?
Castiel felt his breath get caught in his throat as he felt dean stretch him further.  He hissed slightly in pain, gritting his teeth and forcing himself to stay quiet.  He heard the wrapper around the condom get removed and he felt himself grow even more terrified then before.  He had no idea how this was going to feel, but he knew it was going to hurt.  He suddenly felt the penetration inside of him and he gasped, choking on his breath as he felt dean push into him further.  He wanted to yell, maybe even scream, but he forced himself to shut up, he could not risk getting caught and having his parents find out.
Dean shrugged, “I dunno, we can just fuckin get ice cream or something.” He suggested, though he grinned when Cas said his parents would be gone for much longer. “Scratch that then, unless you /really/ want ice cream. Sometimes it’s nice to just drive around. You can pick, baby blue.” He said, honestly not really minding whatever they did
Dean fucked into Cas roughly, feeling himself getting closer and closer with each thrust. He soon came, burying himself deep inside of Cas with a groan. “Fuck..” he breathed out, rolling his hips through his high before coming to a stop and pulling out. He exhaled deeply and took off the condom, taking it off and tying it up. He chuckled as he looked to Cas again, “maybe it was just me, but seems like you liked that. A lot.” He said.
Dean grinned when he saw Cas cum, feeling proud that he’d gotten him to do that. He kept thrusting into him for a little while longer before he came as well, groaning quietly and rolling his hips through his high. Once he was done he took a second to breath before pulling out, slipping off the condom and tying it up to throw away. He looked down to Cas and chuckled, “so, what’d ya think?” He said, honestly just wanting Cas to compliment him so his ego could go up. He really expected Cas to beg for more and to be able to see him again
Castiel sighed and smiled slightly to himself.  “Oh god.”  He said quietly.  He scoffed and shook his head.  “Mm... Nope, I think baby green suits you.”  He smirked and pinched deans cheek teasingly, leaning back against his shoulder.  Castiel laughed and sighed.  “Uhuh.”  He smirked.  “Thanks for saying fine,” he put his lips right next to deans ear.  “But I wasn’t asking.”  He whispered into his ear, becoming more and more confident around dean.  He wasn’t afraid of him, honestly.  He liked teasing him, and he could tell he liked it when he bossed him around.
Castiel pulled out his notebook and a pen, using it to take down the rest of the information he could find online.  He went to his docs and transferred all of his written notes to be online, since it was easier to access them. That way.  He heard the door open when he suddenly saw dean, frowning and sitting up straight.  “What are you doing?”  He furrowed his eyebrows.  “We weren’t having a conversation.  Also, this is a private room.  I’d appreciate it if you’d leave.”  He glared slightly and turned back to his notebook and laptop.  He didn’t give two shits about this guy.  He was just wanted to get through this god forsaken school year.
Dean held himself up with one hand, his other hand on Castiel’s hips. “Fuck..” he moaned quietly, thrusting into Cas deeply. “You feel so fucking good..” he breathed next to Cas’s ear, enjoying himself more than he had in a while. He leaned down, sucking more marks onto Cas’s neck occasionally as he drilled his hips into Cas’s
Dean shrugged, “well.. you’ve got balls then.” He said, an amused look on his face. “Good luck out there.” He chuckled softly, knowing that kids would probably give the boy a hard time still
Dean rolled his eyes and chuckled softly. “If you think you can’t walk now, just you wait.” He smirked. He listened to Cas’s deal and thought for a second. “Okay, first of all.. not baby green. /big/ green.” He said with a grin, part of him trying not to laugh. “But fine, I guess those aren’t such bad conditions.” He hummed, looking back at Cas. He couldn’t help but like the boy in front of him. Something about his attitude and the way he didn’t treat Dean the exact same way as everyone else. It made Dean feel more human
Castiel shrugged a little.  “I like marvel movies.”  He laughed and sat down next to him, setting the cookies onto the coffee table.  “But you look like such an Edward fan, right?  I’m more for Jacob, but I can see you liking the sparkly emo vampire.”  He teased and turned on the tv, going to Netflix and scrolling through the movies.  He also liked horror, but he was nervous he’d be too scared or jumpy around dean.
Dean nodded and got up, heading out to his car. He grabbed the weed from his glove box and put it in his jacket pocket so no one could see, just to humor Cas, and then brought it back inside. Once he was back inside and in the kitchen with Cas, he held up the bag to show it off. “We should probably only put half of this.” He told him, having brought the rest so they could use it over the next few days that he was there
Castiel ignored deans statement and bit down on the fabric of the couch, forcing himself to stay quiet.  He didn’t want to give dean the satisfaction of knowing he was making him feel good.  He clawed and the back of the couch,  curling his fingers and pressing his face further into the couch cushion.  He arched his back and (unwillingly) tried pushing his ass back onto deans tongue as he fucked him with it.  He wanted more, holy shit he wanted more
Dean listened and did as he was told, scooping the flour into the measuring cup and then using the butter knife to even it out on the top. He then poured it into the bowl, having a concentrated look on his face as he tried not to spill it. Once he was done he smiled, “easy.” He said confidently
His heart beat only increased as dean pushed down his pants and showed himself off.  He shivered and resisted rolling his eyes at the statement.  Favor?  Favor for what?  Who the hell wants a favor like this?  The thing he was most scared about was actually that he had no idea what the hell he was doing.  He swallowed heavily and his chest herd his mouth, forcing it open wider when he realized how nervous he was.  The only real thought going through his head was: “don’t bite down, don’t bite down, don’t bite down.”
Dean read the text and almost immediately.  he sent, honestly not caring if there were other people home at Cas’s house. He just wanted what he wanted, he wasn’t concerned with anyone else.  he then asked before her let Castiel even answer his first request
Dean was stunned by Cas’s house, never having been so close to one that was so nice looking. It was even nicer looking on the inside, Dean couldn’t really get over it. “Shit man.. you’ve got a really nice fuckin house.” He said, looking around as he took a few steps inside. “Almost makes me not want to disturb anything.” He chuckled softly before turning back to Cas. “Where do you wanna do it this time?” He asked, giving Cas a little bit of a choice
Castiel walked out of the stall and noticed dean Winchester standing in front of the mirror.  He swallowed slightly and tried to pretend like he didn’t notice him, washing his hands and quickly drying them, trying to get out of the bathroom as fast as he could.  He knew dean Winchester, everyone knew dean Winchester, he was the most intimidating and badass person who went to this school.  And Castiel was terrified of him.
Castiel snorted softly and shook his head, taking a slice himself.  “No, that’s not what I meant.”  He laughed.  “I mean cooking.  Cake, bread, cookies, that type of thing.”  He said softly.  “I can assume you’ve gotten baked before, but that’s not what I was asking.”  He smiled, thinking dean was adorable.
Dean was pleased with how easily Cas seemed to comply, and that alone seemed to de-stress him a bit. He started walking, leading Cas down to a hall of the school that didn’t have too many classes and where most students and teachers didn’t go. He gave a quick glance around just to make sure no one else was around then before opening a janitors closet and walking inside. Once Cas was inside with him he closed the door and then started to undo his belt. “Get on your knees.” He instructed
Castiel could tell Dean was going to go slower at first, then to build up.  He knew dean was going to take his time, since they weren’t in school anymore.  He gripped the couch tighter and held himself there, giving dean control of his hips and legs.  He could barely move any parts below his waist without moaning or crying out.  He could feel the same pressure as before build up inside his lower stomach, and he could feel it getting bigger and bigger, making it harder for him to suppress his moans.
Even if Castiel sort of consented to this, he still couldn’t stop shaking.   He heard dean say that he’d “see what he could do” which also meant, no.  He’s not going to go slow.  That only scared Castiel further, but he didn’t want to deny dean any further, he was afraid he’d take him by force and end up hurting him more.  He thought that maybe if he let him do what he wanted with him, he’d be a little more gentle.  He swallowed heavily and pushed his boxers off of his hips, trying to avoid looking at dean and his size.  All he knew was that he was really, really big.
Dean watched Cas, knowing the look on the boys face. There was obviously something else going on. Sure, he was probably pissed at him, who wouldn’t be? But there was something else behind that. Dean knew because that’s exactly how he was. He pushed his feelings down or blamed something else for the cause of it, though only he knew the truth. He didn’t really now Cas, but he could sympathize with him in that way. Dean didn’t know how to talk to people, though, especially not about feelings. He also had a reputation to uphold. “What is it then?” He asked, flopping down onto the couch, though giving Cas some space.
“Hell yeah.” Dean said, following Cas to the living room. He sat down on the couch one he got there and kicked his shoes off, looking over to Cas with a smile. “What kind of movies do you like?” He asked him, hoping they’d have the same taste. “Please don’t say those sappy chick flick ones.” He said
Dean listened, knowing that Cas was hitting every nail on the head with what he was saying. Was he really that easy to read? He’s worked to hard to close people out and make it so that no one knew what he was thinking or how he was feeling, and it worked almost all of the time too. But here Cas was, someone he’d only known for a week or so, reading him like an open book. He didn’t know if he should admit it or not. Sure, he felt a little more comfortable with Cas than anyone else, but he still didn’t /know/ him. He was going to keep his true feelings to himself, but when Cas started grinding down on him, he couldn’t help but want more. “Guess you got me there, huh?” He said with a soft chuckle, though it was hesitant since deep down he was still didn’t want to reveal that part of him to anyone. He tried to seem confident though, not wanting Cas to think he could push him about. “Ready for round two?” He smirked. “Or.. three really.” He chuckled
No, no no no, no not happening.  No fucking way.  He was not going to fall for this asshole, not now, not in a million years.
Castiel sighed when he heard his label.  He was known as the homeschooled kid to everyone, and it was getting annoying.  He listened and frowned.  “Yeah?  It’s one more year.  I just wanna get it over with.”  He sighed slightly and shrugged.
He got things settled and made sure everything was together and ready.  He sat down on his couch after a while and waited for dean to show up.  He heard a knock and quickly stood up, eagerly running to the door when he saw the pizza man.  He cleared his throat and paid him, taking the food from him and shutting the door after thanking him.  He sat the pizza onto the table when he realized that he practically ran to the door when he heard a knock.  He sighed and rubbed his face, realizing that he was way too eager for a guy he just had sex with a couple times.  He wished he would have the confidence to ask dean how he felt about him, but he really didn’t think he’d ever be able to.  He suddenly heard another knock, standing up and walking to the front door.  He opened it and smiled, letting him inside and shutting it behind him.  “I don’t really know what toppings you like, so I did half pepperoni and half sausage.”  He said softly, locking the door and pulling down the blinds.  It was getting late and dark, so keeping the drapes open when the light is on in the house is never a good idea.  Especially when they had the chance of having sex in literally anywhere in this house.
Castiel looked at dean when he began walking towards him, looking up at him with a relaxed, almost tired expression.  He sighed slightly, but before he could respond to him dean pushed his lips against him.  Instead of pushing him away or resisting him, he waited a moment before wrapping his arms around deans neck, pushing his lips in deeper.  He took small breaths in between the kisses, humming quietly.
Castiel needed to remember to breath as he felt dean push in and out of him.  He swallowed heavily and gasped as dean sped up, holding onto him as he felt him slide in and out, feeling every inch of him move inside of him.  It felt amazing, it felt better then anything he could’ve imagine.  Not only that, but he was high as fuck, which helped a lot with the pain vs. pleasure.  He hissed softly as he felt deans fingers in his skin, knowing he was leaving bruises on his pale skin.  “Y...you too...” he moaned out.  He could feel his climax rising, the pressure in his gut building up.  He came only after about 5 minutes of moving and letting out sounds of pleasure, bucking his hips up and cumming over their chests with a loud groan.
Castiel sighed and nodded softly, putting some dishes into the sink.  “Yeah.  I hate pitying myself, it’s a waste of time.”  He rolled his eyes.  He scoffed and smiled a little, shrugging.  “I can buy people whatever they want, but that doesn’t change that I’m a scrawny homeschooled kid.”  He said softly, quoting dean the first day of school.  He smiled to himself and glanced back at him.  “But apparently, I’ve got balls for coming back.”  He smirked and turned back to the sink.
“Alright...” he sighed once dean suggested ice cream, following close behind him.  Castiel walked out of his house, locking the door behind him before getting into deans car and shutting the door.  He leaned back on the seat and sighed, looking around the interior of the car.  “You have a nice car.  What year is it?”  He knew it was old, he just wasn’t sure how old.  He also didn’t want to think about how he was just leaving home with Dean Winchester, supposedly going to get ice cream.
Castiel gasped softly after pulling off most of his and deans clothes, pushing his lips deeper against him.  He let his head fall back, giving dean more access to his neck as he panted.  Dean slipped inside of him, crying out softly and hugging himself closer while keeping his legs around deans waist, hoping he’d push in deeper inside it him.  God he felt so good, trying his best to push his hips further onto deans cock.
“Well I’d offer to make some, but I don’t exactly know how. I’m more of a pie kinda guy.” Dean said with a soft chuckle. “The best I could probably do is throw some of those frozen cookies in the oven.” Baking was a thing Dean loved since he always remembered doing it with his mom, and he always remembered being happy while doing it. So he wasn’t opposed to baking, if that was what Cas wanted to do
Castiel tipped his head back and sighed deeply, closing his eyes and enjoying the feeling he was receiving.  He gently dug his fingers into deans shoulder blades, swallowing heavily and moving his hips to help get his pants down as well, kicking them off and away from them.  He wrapped his legs around his waist, He pushed his hands up his chest under his shirt, bunching up the fabric as he forced it over his head.
Dean listened to Cas, his instinct reaction being to reject Cas’s idea and to push him away. he looked away for a moment, having a little more of a serious look on his face rather than the playful one he’d had on a few minutes prior. “I...” he started, clenching his jaw a bit. “Why do you care so much? It doesn’t matter.” He said, shrugging and looking away. “We’re just here to fuck, you don’t need to know anything about me for that.” He said, starting to close himself off again, never having talked to anyone about himself before. He’d never let anyone see what he was really like. And as much as he wanted to be open with Cas, he wouldn’t allow himself. He hated it, because he knew Cas deserved to know more about him, but he just couldn’t allow himself to open up. Not yet, anyway
Castiel could feel deans eyes on him every couple of minutes, and he was starting to get on his nerves.  He sighed to himself and swallowed heavily, shivers running down his back as he filled out the papers while the teacher spoke.
Dean pulled out of Cas’s mouth once he was done, letting him collect himself. “Not terrible, but you definitely have to work on it.” He commented as he grabbed a near by rag to clean himself off quickly, tossing it away once he was done. He put himself away and tugged his pants back up, fixing his belt. “Try deep thrusting a popsicle, that should help for next time.” He said, patting Cas’s shoulder before leaving the closet and walking off to wherever it was that he needed to go
Castiel stared up at him and swallowed heavily, his chest heaving up and down as dean continued standing over him.  Now he understood why he was considered to be the most intimidating guy in school.  He glared at him.  “I-I’m not a prude!  It’s not m-my fault that m-my parents sheltered m-me until I was 16.”  He forced himself to say, flinching roughly as Dean tried tugging his jeans down.  Castiel saw him lean back in, and he panicked, doing the first thing he could think of, which was to bite deans lip as he kissed him.
Dean watched Cas, seeing him starting to relax a bit and not be so worried about what was going on. “See? You’re getting the hang of it. Not so bad now, huh?” He hummed, taking another hit. “You’ll feel it soon.” He told him. He smiled for a little while longer, until he was decently high and then passed it back to Cas. “Have the rest, it’ll get ya up there.” He chuckled softly, leaning against the trunk of a nearby tree
Dean let out a deep exhale, relaxing slightly. He let Cas get used to the feeling before using his hand to guide Cas’s head a bit, not forcing him down but giving him a good starting rhythm to keep up with. He let his shoulders drop, trying to release his tension
Castiel sighed and looked down, trying to think if this was a bad idea or not.  “Um... do... do you wanna stay over for the week?”  He asked quietly.  “You don’t have to, I get it if you can’t, or if you don’t want to.  I just... just thought I’d ask.”  He swallowed heavily and nervously played with his hands, his heartbeat ringing in his ears.  He was nervous about deans reaction, what if he was disgusted and hated him now?  But he might say yes, right?  Jesus, he was terrified of What dean was going to say.
Castiel narrowed his eyes and sighed deeply.  He grabbed deans chin and turned his head to face him, looking into his eyes.  “Don’t try to pull that bullshit with me, Dean Winchester.  If we’re just here to fuck, why the hell would I ask you to stay over for the weekend?  Why would you have brought me up here, or said you would beat someone up for me?”  He glared.  “So, that “we’re just here to fuck” Is bullshit.”  He sighed and let his shoulders fall.  “I get it.  There’s secrets you don’t want others to know because you’re afraid of letting yourself become vulnerable.”  His tone suddenly became softer.  “And that’s fine, you don’t need to share it with me, not now anyway.”  He sighed.  “But don’t try that “we’re just here to fuck” bull shit on me.  Understood?”  He stared at him and grabbed his chin again when he didn’t respond after a few moments.  “I said, understood?”  He growled softly.
Dean smirked, seeing all the emotion cross over Castiel’s face. He knew he’d struck a nerve, but that was what he had to do to get what he wanted from him. He loves the idea of having someone around to Fuck and do stuff with whenever he wanted, it was like a dream come true. He took the price of paper and folded it up, putting it in his pocket. He stopped Cas though before he could leave the room. “Perfect.” He hummed with a smile, leaning down and pressing a kiss to the boys lips before cutting in front of him and leaving the room. He almost had a smile on his face, being excited about what was to come for him. And Cas too, he guessed. He was most important to himself though. He was the only person who could care for himself, so he had to keep telling himself that he cared, because otherwise he knew no one else did. He walked to a spot him and his friends usually met up at to hangout when they skipped, just joining in on whatever conversation was being had.
Dean wasn’t surprised that Cas had never had a boyfriend. He just didn’t seem like the type to have. He listened to the rest of what he said, thinking about it. “You’re allowed to say what you want, you know. I’m not one of your parents, I’m not gonna yell at you for saying you want a boyfriend.” He chuckled softly. “Relationships are cool.. but if you’re not with the right person you’ll just get fucked over.” He said, starting to think out loud too. “You have to know someone, but you usually don’t until after you start dating, so either it’ll go really cold or really bad.” He said, it honestly being what he thought. Cas was really the only person  Dean was decently open with, but Cas still didn’t /know/ him. If he heard about everything Dean had been through he’d probably run off, not wanting to be around him. That’s what Dean thought everyone would do to him if they knew the truth
Dean chuckled, “yeah, you do. Everyone in the school knew about you and who you were, I didn’t really care though so I didn’t ever say anything to you.” He admitted. “But then you came back so I had to check you out.” He smirked and then chuckled. “If you talked to more people and let all of them hear your attitude I’m sure some people would be scared of you.”
Castiel had a normal few days.  Well, as normal as you can be when you were fucked in the school library.  He couldn’t walk that well the next day, but he eventually built up his stamina and strength so he was able to walk easily again.  He hadn’t heard from dean for a while, at least three days, and he had hoped that maybe he lost his number, or he forgot and just didn’t care?  He was putting some books into his locker when he heard the same deep voice, making him flinch and look at him.  He swallowed heavily and sighed, knowing exactly what was going to happen soon.  He didn’t say anything, he only pushed the rest of his things into his locker so he didn’t have to deal with them.  He shut the locker and looked at dean, waiting for him to start walking so he could follow him.
Dean was surprised with how easily Cas was opening up to him being jt was only his second time, but he didn’t hesitate to add a third finger to make the process go faster. “C’mon, baby.. I know you want to.. let me hear you.” He encouraged again. After a little while more he pulled his fingers out, satisfied with the way he was stretched. He opened the condom and slipped it onto himself before putting his hands on Cas’s hips again. He slowly pushed in, groaning quietly and being a little more careful this time, clearly not being rushed
Dean chuckled, “well yeah.. but doesn’t mean we have to hate each other, right?” He said with an almost hopeful smile. “Did someone say something? You know, as much of an asshole as you think I am, I’m not. I don’t want you to be miserable, so who was it? I’ll beat someone up if I have to.” He said casually. Was he afraid to beat anyone up? Hell no. But would he normally do this for a fling? No. He couldn’t help but want to keep Cas around, and to do that he’d need to make sure Cas was feeling okay. So if he needed to find someone and beat them up for Cas, he figured he’d do it. He didn’t know why, but defending the boy just seemed right to him
Castiel rolled his eyes and dried his hands off, adjusting his backpack and walking past dean.  “Thanks, douche.”  He said under his breath, walking towards the exit of the bathroom.
He walked into the school building, his backpack hanging over his right shoulder as he walked to his first period.  He stopped by the bathroom before he did though, just to relieve himself and freshen up before going to class for the first time this year.
Unfortunately, none of Deans friends were in the class, so he couldn’t fill them in on his plans with the new, but not really so new, kid. He wanted to figure the kid out, find out why he thought he could talk to him that way
Castiel got into the passengers seat, shutting the door and staying silent as they drove back to his house.  He couldn’t stop thinking about what he’d done wrong, or if dean really just didn’t like him like that.  When they got to his house, he sighed and decided that he wasn’t letting dean get away from him that easily.  “So, you’ll go back to your house to grab some clothes and things, and I’ll order some pizza for us for dinner.”  He opened the door.  “I’ll see you in 15 minutes, okay?”  He raised his eyebrows.
Dean smirked, “knew you’d like that.” He said, continuing to touch Cas. “Bet you’ve never even touched yourself before.. not when something like that could make you moan.” He said, moving his lips back up to Castiel’s jaw, then his lips. “You know you want to enjoy it, let me make it good for you too.” He said, his lips hovering over Cas’s.
Everything was going by so fast he could barely process it.  He coughed when he pulled his fingers out, shivering and listening to him.  Relax?  Haha, yeah, relax.  Don’t worry about the guy who just walked in here and decided that you were having sex with him, don’t worry about how you’re losing your virginity to a douche in the school library, don’t worry, just relax!  Bullshit.  He felt deans fingers inside of him and he gasped, crying out softly and trying to stay quiet.  He dug his fingers into deans shoulders and craned his neck, unwillingly giving dean more access.
Dean rolled his eyes, “you wish I was.” He said, grabbing one of the cookies and eating it. “Jokes on you, I’ve never seen that.” He said, a proud look on his face knowing that he wouldn’t have to answer what Cas said because he didn’t know the movie. He looked to the television, hoping Cas had put on a good movie
Castiel felt like there was a frog in his throat, he could barely breath without letting out a moan.  He swallowed heavily and looked at dean in the eyes, noticing how green they were.  He felt dean continue to touch him, feeling the pleasure of it overwhelm him.  He felt tears well up in his eyes, not so much because he didn’t want this (even though that was sort of part of it) but because he was scared.  He’d never even touched himself before, dean was right.  It felt amazing, but he couldn’t help but be scared of it all.  He was mostly scared of it hurting, since he knew how painful this could be if not done in the correct way.
Dean raised a brow, “kill yourself? They really did brainwash you.” He chuckled, shaking his head and taking another hit. He blew the smoke out towards Cas, wanting him to realize that it wouldn’t kill him. “You know it won’t hurt you, right? All it’ll do is make you feel good.” He told him. “Just try it. Nothing bad is Gonna happen. You’re just letting your parents win by thinking it’ll kill you.” He said, offering it to Cas once again
Dean just smirked, knowing that Cas enjoyed what he was doing, even if he wouldn’t admit it. He kept that up for a little while before he decides to start using his fingers to stretch Cas, using two to start with this time instead of one. He leaned over him, kissing at the back of his neck. “I know you want to moan.. just do it, let me hear how loud you can be.” He purred encouragingly
Dena listened and shook his head. “Easy? I wouldn’t know where to start.” He said honestly and chuckled. “You look like the smart type, though, so I’m not surprised.” He said, walking over to the sink and washing his hands. Once he was done he dried them off and then walked over to here Cas was to help him roll the cookies. He copied the amount of dough he saw Cas pick up to the best of his ability, though he couldn’t seem to get them as perfect as Cas did
Castiel didn’t really know what that meant, until he felt a release inside of him explode out of him. His eyes widened and he arched his back, and instead of being loud with moans or something like that, he choked on his breath and made a series of small sounds and squeaks, which made him sound like a puppy that couldn’t breath.  What the hell was happening?!
Castiel backed up in his chair, looking at dean cautiously and glancing away.  “What do you mean what happened last year?”  He raised an eyebrow.  He frowned and glared at him.  “My life is already a living hell.  I’d be surprised if you made it worse.”  He turned back to his notebook and laptop.  His parents were extremely religious, and he wasn’t exposed to the until he was 16, which is a horrible time to discover the world.  He also figured out that he was gay, and that made his life 100x worse.
Dean was feared by most almost as soon as he stepped foot into his high school. Now that he was a senior, his reputation and attitude was only amplified. /everyone/ knew him. Most wouldn’t dare speak to him, let alone look at him too long! The only people Dean talked to were his small group of misfit friends who other people were also intimidated by, though not as much as Dean. Dean had actually decided to go to school one day, and his friends had split off after the first few minutes of arriving to go so who knows what, though Dean knew he was terrible at math, so he needed to actually go to the class. She went to his locker and got his books, carrying them back to his first period. He noticed he still had some time before the bell rang, so he headed to the bathroom to hangout until class started. He walked in, pushing the door open like he owned the place and then walking over to one of the sinks, looking in the mirror
Dean couldn’t help but get impatient, so he soon just started fucking into Cas’s mouth. He knew he probably shouldn’t have done it, but he knew they were on a tight schedule and he just needed a quick release. It wasn’t too long before he felt himself getting close, so he started stroking his base where Cas’s mouth couldn’t reach. He groaned quietly, soon releasing inside of Cas’s mouth
Dean walked over and set the bag down on the counter next to where Cas was working. He watched what Cas did, caught a little off guard when Cas asked if he wanted to help. It was what his mom would always do. Whenever Dean would see her baking, he stand and watch, and she’d asked him if he wanted to help. He always said yes, enjoying the time with her. He shrugged, “I dunno, I don’t even know what to do.” He said with a soft chuckle
Castiel was lying on the couch, pitying himself when he heard a loud car engine enter his driveway.  He had a nice 3 story house, so it was going to be interesting see an old and dirty car in the driveway of a large and pristine house.  He heard the knocks and sighed, ignoring the nervous punches in his stomach and standing up, walking to the front door and opening it.  He gave dean a fake smile and gestured for him to come inside.  This was a bad idea, and he knew it.
Deans mind was racing the entire time he drove back to Cas’s house, thinking that Cas was tired of him ‘being difficult’, just like everyone had said to him since he was little. When he parked in Cas’s driveway he was ready to ask Cas if he just wanted him to leave, but was relieved when Cas spoke up first. He gave a soft nod, “yeah, I’ll be right back.” He said, giving Cas a small smile. He let Cas go before driving back to his house, praying that his dad wasn’t home. He bit his lip though when he saw that he was, anxiety coursing through him. The one good thing was that John was probably drunk already already, so if he could just sneak past him, he wouldn’t even realize that he came home late in the first place, which would be good. He parked his car outside and walked inside, being a bit relieved to see his dad passed out on the couch. He snuck to his room, though on the way stopped by his little brothers room to check on him. He opened the door slowly and smiled softly when he saw Sam playing with a few toys. He was just glad that John hadn’t hurt Sam. “Hey Sammy.” He said, walking into the room and taking a seat on Sams bed. He talked with Sam for a little while, just asking him the simple question that a child should be asked. Like how was his day, how was school, did he have fun. He also asked about John, too, though he was relieved to hear that he hadn’t bothered Sam after picking him up from school. He then told Sam that he was going to be gone for a little while, just hanging out with a friend. But he reminded him of the little code system they had, and he got out his old flip phone that he let Sam use, but just in case of an emergency that Dean wasn’t there. He knew Sam knew what to do already, but reminded his brother how to spell out the word ‘help’ and how to send it to him if something bad happened. He showed Sam where he hid the phone under his bed and then gave him a hug before saying bye. He went to his own room and packed a bag for Cas’s house, Carefully sneaking back out past his dad. The last thing he needed was to show up to Cas’s with a black eye and get questioned about that. Luckily he was able to get out and drive back to Cas’s house without a problem. When he pulled up in Cas’s drive way he parked and got out of the car with his small duffle bag slung over his shoulder. He was later than he’d said he’d show up again, but he didn’t think it really mattered too much because he was there now. He knocked on the door a couple of times, waiting for Cas to answer.
“I’m sorry!”  He said quickly.  He really didn’t mean to bite his lip, he just panicked and that was his first instinct.  He gasped as dean pushed him into the chair, trying to pull his arms away as his chest was heaving up and down, close to hyperventilating.  He watched him as he spoke, trying to find something to say.  “I- they- they never- I didn’t-“ he tried to speak when dean suddenly began kissing his neck and rubbing at his crotch, making him let out an involuntarily moan, freezing when he suddenly realized what he’d just done.  He squeezed his eyes shut and whimpered, scared of what dean was planning on doing to him.
Dean shrugged, “we can just skip to something else then. Maybe ice cream later.” He said, smirking some and driving out of the center of town. “You wanna kinda.. rebel, against your parents right? You can’t /want/ to keep living the way they’re making you, it’s not even really a life.” He said. “I have idea to help you get a little farther away from what you’re expected to be like. It’s not much, but it might make you feel better.” He chuckled softly
Castiel looked up and saw him stand to put on his boxers, sighing deeply and swallowing heavily.  He was gonna do it.  He felt like he might throw up, but he was still going to do it.  “Have… have you ever been in a relationship?”  He asked softly, grabbing a cookie to help calm his nerves.  He looked at dean nervously, bouncing his leg up and down as he waited for deans response.  He was absolutely terrified about what he’d say, but he really needed to know.  “And not a relationship like this, like a friends with benefits, but an actual relationship.”  He clarified, feeling his hands start to shake, making him quickly take another bite of the cookie.
Dean shivered slightly when he felt Cas’s dig his nails into his shoulder, loving it. He scissored his fingers open and closed inside of Cas, trying to get him as loose as he could as fast as he could. After a minute or so he pulled his fingers out and tugged his boxers down, exposing his hard cock. He opened the condom and slipped it on, positioning himself over Cas once again, lust blown pupils looking down at the boy. “Ready?” He said lowly, though he didn’t wait for Cas to respond before he pushed into Cas, groaning quietly at how tight he was
Dean raised a brow, not used to anyone talking to him like that. No one ever dared. He didn’t feel like chasing the kid out of the bathroom, so right after the bell rang he walked out of the bathroom and to his first class. When he walked in, he immediately noticed the boy, seeing that they had the same first class. He smirked, taking his seat
Dean raised his brows, “oh so you’re actually rich.” He said, not realizing Cas was /that/ wealthy. “Be glad your parents don’t ask, you can whatever you want whenever you want, that’s pretty fuckin awesome.” He said with a smirk. “You know much shit you could do? You could probably run our whole school with that type of power.” He chuckled
“Don’t be mad at me, sweetheart, I’m doing you a favor.” Dean smirked, taking off his belt and pushing his pants and boxers down, showing how hard he was already. “Use your mouth.” Was all he said, expecting Cas to just start
Castiel watched dean crawl in between his legs, kissing him back as deep as he could as dean pulled his shirt off.  Castiel moved his hands onto his back and sliding them down his back.  He pushed his hands up his shirt, bunching up and fabric and pulling it off of him.  He moaned softly against his lips and lifted his hips, helping dean pull off his pants.  He felt the hickeys on his neck, sighing against his lips. He helped remove his clothes, pressing his fingers into deans back to hold his chest close to his own.  He moaned into the kiss again, trying to grind against him.  He wanted this so much, he needed it.  He could only imagine how good it would feel now that he really wanted this.
Castiel couldn’t wipe the smile off of his face.  He just loves teasing him, seeing his smile made him smile.  He didn’t know why he felt like this around him, he just felt giddy and happy to be with him.  He had no idea why, but he wanted to find out.  He saw him eat the rest of the cookie, gawking at him and scoffing.  “And you’re a dummy.”  He smiled and scoffed a laugh, sighing deeply.  He leaned against the counter and hummed softly.  “It works out?  What works out?”  He smiled, wanting to hear dean say that they were either friends or boy...
Dean smiled against Cas’s lips, kissing him deeply, one hand sliding around Cas’s waist and keeping him close to himself. He kissed him for a little while long before taking the blunt Cas still had, taking a few long drags and blowing the smoke out a little bit away from Cas, except the last time he held the smoke in and kissed Cas again, blowing the smoke out into the boys mouth. The blunt was mostly finished by then, so Dean dropped it to the ground and stopped it out with his boot. “Get in the backseat and take your clothes off.” He instructed, leaning back a bit so Cas could actually move
“I have no idea what you’re talking about.” Dean purred, though he knew exactly what Cas was asking. He moved even more forward so he was between Cas’s legs, staring at the boy like an animal who was looking at its prey. He leaned forward, kissing Cas deeply and starting to palm him through his pants.
Castiel smiled and stared at Dean for a little while before getting a cookie and beginning to eat it.  He sighed and got another one after about 10 minutes, eating it and beginning to feel more and more light headed.  He suddenly began remembering how good he felt being with dean, and the need for it again.  He smirked to himself.  “I think weed makes me horny.”  He said softly, continuing to watch the movie.
Castiel smiled a little when Dean agreed with him, sighing softly as they stayed in the same position for a while, staying next to deans warm and strong body as he slowly dozed off.  He opened his eyes suddenly when dean moved away from him, frowning a bit and sitting up to look at him.  He smiled a little, nodding softly.  “Yeah.”  He said quietly, swallowing heavily and feeling the urge to ask him.  He wanted to, desperately, but he was so scared of the rejection he might receive.  What if dean really didn’t like him in any other way?  But what if he did?  He really wouldn’t ever find out unless he asked…
He felt deans hand go over his mouth, making him pause and look up at him.  He heard him speak and wanted to snap at him with something else, but dean snapped his hips up inside of him and he whimpered loudly.  He squeezed his eyes shut and chocked as he tried to stay quiet, flinching roughly and feeling something in his gut grow.  It was like something was trying to get out, like it was about to burst out of him with more force then he could describe.  What was it?  Was it normal?  God, he felt like such a twink.
Dean smiled at the small praise, it making him happy. As stupid as it might sound, simply being told ‘good job’ by someone who sounded like they meant it was enough to put Dean in a good mood. He didn’t heard those words together a lot directed at himself, so it meant something to him when someone said them. He then took the little measuring spoon and repeated the steps Cas had told him, scooping the baking soda, scraping off the excess from the top, and then pouring it into the bowl. “Piece of cake.” He hummed happily. “How do you know how to make this?” He asked curiously. “Is it like a family recipe or something?”
Dean quickly cooled down the cookie and chewed it up, swallowing it down. “I know, but I-“ he started, then listening to what Cas said next. He shook his head a few times, taking the glass of water Cas handed to him. “You’re a real asshole, you know that?” He said, taking a sip of the water. He then set the cup of water down and grinned a bit, “but so am I, so I guess it works out.” He said, grabbing the other half of the cookie that he’d already taken a bite out of and eating it
Dean grinned at that, “yeah? That’d be fuckin awesome.” He said, finishing up his own slice of pizza as well. “I have some in my car, we can just add it in.” He said, getting even more excited about baking now. “They won’t kick in for like an hour or so after we eat them, so we should probably watch a movie or something while we wait
At first, Dean thought Cas was just going to tease him and say he didn’t want to fuck, but when he heard what he said, he couldn’t help but grin. As much as he’d never admitted, Dean loved being bossed around when it came to these type of things. He quickly followed Cas into the backseat, already unbuckling his own belt and sliding it off, dropping it into the front seat where it wouldn’t be in their way. He crawled between his legs and then propped his hands up on either side of Cas, leaning down and kissing him deeply. He then trailed his lips down Cas’s jaw and to his neck, sucking a couple of hickeys onto his collar bone. He then pulled Cas’s shirt off, kissing down his chest and making his way to the hem of his pants
Dean smiled when he saw Cas, seeming to be in a better mood than he had been when he dropped Cas off here. “Hey.” He said with a grin, walking inside. He listened to what Cas said about the pizza as he walked into the room where he smelled the pizza. “I’ll eat pretty much anything, so that’s fine.” He said, setting his bed down before taking a seat. “Mind if I start? I’m starving.” He said, opening the pizza box and taking a slice
Castiel held onto deans thighs to steady himself, breathing heavily as he continued.  He could feel deans hand in his hair began to move his head, making him panic slightly.  He made a few small sounds, mostly whimpers, as he forced himself to keep going.  He couldn’t stop now, he just had to get this bullshit over with.  The sooner he did it, the sooner he could walk away.
Castiel could only sigh and look down.  He was born and raised to be a Christian, a perfect little angel with a soul so pure, even the pope would be jealous.  His parents taught him every single day about the Jesus Christ and the lord, he’d read the Bible every morning and every night, and he’d never miss Bible study or church, but now... now he was someones bitch.  Not only that, but a guys bitch.  He knew he was gay ever since he was 12, but he’d pray and pray and pray for it to go away, he’d beg to find women attractive, to go out with one and maybe even kiss her.  But he couldn’t.  Every date with a female he’s gone on, he’d spend the entire time looking at the male waiters that walked around the restaurant.  He leaned back against the couch and looked to the side, trying to seem careless instead of sad.  “Yeah, okay.”  He said softly.  “You’re right.”
Dean chuckled, shaking his head. He liked Cas’s attitude, though he didn’t want to admit that yet. “Hm.. maybe if I don’t make it worse, I can make it a lot better.” He purred, moving closer to Cas and putting one arm on the table in front of him so he was closer and almost boxing Cas him in. “For me, at least.” He smirked, leaning close and pressing his lips to Cas’s forcefully.
Castiel sighed and nodded in agreement.  He was right.  He looked up at him and laughed quietly.  “Sometimes you’ll get fucked over in the bad way, and sometimes you’ll get fucked over in a good way.”  He smirked, imagining dean fucking him against a counter.  That sounded wonderful.  He sighed and leaned back against the couch, biting the inside of his bottom lip.  He rubbed his face and tried to say it quietly enough so dean wouldn’t be able to decipher it.  “I really like you...” he whispered under his breath, half hoping he heard him and half hoping he didn’t.
