But Holmes didn't trust his brother an inch. Not with this. "Not here. I know you have what you believe to be my best interests at heart, and I know how you feel about him. Bear me no ill will when I tell you I do not trust you in this. A vampire in the foyer of the Diogenes is a heart waiting for a silver bullet."
He found Holmes’ inner landscape to be a fascinating dichotomy of equal parts frenetic chaos and ridged discipline. Chaotic because of the constant assault it was under; every sight, every sound, every smell coming to him in startling clarity. He had no filter at all, no ability to ignore the world around him. He was open and receiving at all times, and the sheer volume of information that came pouring in from every direction would surely have driven lesser men mad.
And suddenly Watson understood Holmes’ reticence, his somber mood. Stamford hadn’t just hidden the truth from him; he had kept him deliberately blind to it. That would not sit well for a man like Holmes.
“We are all God’s children,” the pastor replied with a serene smile. “Now, supper is served before dark, as I am used to retiring early for the evening and the maid does not stay overnight. You may come to the kitchen door of the cottage and receive food at the toll of the diner bell, and set the dishes outside the door again when you are finished; the maid will collect them in the morning.”
"The church, yes... I thought for certain Newman was behind the order to kill me. But Langley and Kramer were both victims of Montressor, in the end."
"Escape? Is he - no, tell me later," he said, shaking his head and turning to the stairs. They made their way down and out through the kitchen door as heavy black smoke rolled out the upper window. The attic walls began to smolder as they exited into the alley by the coal shed.
Watson smiled as he poured Holmes another drink, those lovely hands like living marble. "I would say my sleep has been light, but daylight forces the deepest slumber whether I wish it or not. Still, I would prefer somewhere more secure. But until such a place can be found, I would like to stay here."
"Good morning,” the Father said in the same deadened tones as before, offering his hand. "I am Father Newman. What brings you to our church today?"
He sighed, drummed his fingers on the corner of the window in frustration, then sat heavily in his chair and grabbed his pipe, tearing open the letter and scanning it's contents.
to say I was unsurprised to receive a telegram from the Yard telling me of your injury. I was only surprised that it had taken so long to occur.”
Holmes gave a derisive snort. "As I am the detective surely that is for me to decide. And you forget that I have not yet agreed to take your case. Thus my ‘mission’, as yet, is undetermined. But if you should like me to weigh the merits of your story you might start by telling me the truth.” He glanced at Jackson again, “I know of few men who when hounded by a murderer would come to my door in the dead of night having first taken such fastidious care of their appearance.”
Watson snorted. "Shall I call you Moses then?" he asked with a quiet laugh.
What a hopelessly foolish presumption.
“What is his plan, then, if not open war?”
Holmes’ brows reached for his hairline. “Since when have you ever cared for the progression of science?”
Were he to die in that eternal moment, it would be the best of endings.
“Good Morning, Mister Holmes," Father Deighton said gravely. “Or should I call you Mister Blevins?”
He didn't eat, in fact. He didn't require food to sustain him.
, and he shot Watson a captious gaze,  "Is it not obvious? Were it simply a willingness to murder they would not have copied the crime. You are being framed, Doctor."
"He didn't. But I don't suppose you'll believe that either."
Watson looked ashamed, and a wild sort of possessiveness flooded through Holmes’ limbs. “I-”
"Because I am out of samples," Holmes answered as if it should be obvious, and as Watson drew near he could see Holmes' own threadbare shirt had one sleeve missing past the elbow.
"If I were you could hardly expect me to own it," Holmes countered reasonably, a sperious grin cut across his face.
“You...mmph...you are...thinking too loudly again,” Watson said between kisses, as he pulled Holmes sneaking hands away from his waistcoat.
"Seven Years' War, 1754. I was a doctor then, too."
"I do not see how he could, unless he is far more acquainted with vampires than myself. In any case, if he did, he would not have left me alone with you."
Holmes nodded, and immediately enfolded himself in Watson’s arms. Impossible man. "I have learned a good deal more today than I expected to," he replied, wandering hands already tucking themselves under Watson’s waistcoat.
“You are alone, excellent. We must talk.” He did not wait for an answer. "We were right in that the person who sent Langley after you and the person who killed Kramer were one in the same. However, it was not the church, not directly. I believe with near certainty that it was Mister Montressor, the husband of your former patient.”
"That is madness," Holmes corrected contemptuously. "Where did they find you, Bedlam perhaps? You‘re certainly no priest; you’ve never been indoctrinated.”
"What he doesn't reveal will be just as pertinent."
Holmes felt the foundation of his entire world shudder and he reeled, the revelation nearly bringing him to his knees as he staggered backwards to his chair. His bones felt like they were made of water; too weak and insubstantial to hold him and he collapsed onto the leather cushions, great noise in his head like a rushing river.
"I don't like pears," he said simply.
That made Watson laugh all the more, and it felt good. "You're alive, and you will recover. But I should like to examine your wounds; hopefully the doctors here haven’t butchered you too badly."
“Firstly, that a man was held prisoner in this room, chained to the bed you see there- at least until last night. As for the others-” he paused as a sudden rush of blood swelled into his head, blurring his vision and muting all sound and he knew with the certainty of experience what was about to happen. “Ah, Inspector...as delighted as I am that you are here, I fear we must continue...this conversation after...” the words fell apart at the end, unraveling like yarn and vaguely he heard Lestrade yelling again for a stretcher, something panicked in his voice.
"Of course," Mycroft answered, and for a moment sounded nearly genuine. It was a moment that passed between them unremarked upon, like so many others.  "Now, onto the business of your recent streak of carelessness... I once again request that you take more care with yourself, brother."
"Allow me to prove to you that there is nothing in the dark, and no reason to fear the night. The sun has just set; accompany me outside. Both of you."
Trigger warnings: Uhh...fire and angst?
The man seemed only mildly surprised. “Investigating - I see. You’re a detective?” he asked, running a cursory eye over him. “Don’t look like a Yard man.”
By the time Watson joined him a few minutes later Holmes had nearly finished pouring half a gin bottle’s worth of accelerant at strategic points around the room. “Place it in the center of the attic there, and douse the corpse with the remainder of this,” he instructed, handing over the bottle as he went to open the street-facing window.
“You know?”
"I trust no one," Montressor hissed, but a moment later held something out to him; it was a crucifix of fine silver, similar to the one Langley had worn. "Take this," he said, thrusting it through the crack in the door. Holmes reached out and wrapped his hand around it firmly, keeping his eyes locked on Montressor's. The man relaxed the slightest bit and opened the door wide enough for Holmes to slip inside, the deadbolt clicking into place behind him. Before him was a small but comfortable sitting room, fire blazing in the hearth.
"Yes," she said with a nod. "He's got electricity, did you know?"
"As it so often goes," the reverend agreed. "But your circumstances are different this time. This time you are here – in the presence of God, and among men who can help you.” He looked at Newman. “Were all the stolen items recovered?”
“Then we are at an impasse.”
“Well,” Watson replied, feeling nettled but determined to get the man to open up about
“Consider it considered,” Holmes answered, face a ripple of slow puzzlement as he watched his brother depart. “That was most peculiar,” he said after Mycroft had left and they were alone again, and Watson nodded slowly.
Watson was sorry for that; he couldn't explain the extreme whims he suddenly found himself subject to when it came to Holmes. He told himself it was duty. He told himself it was loyalty to Stamford.
feed when we are hungry; it- it is not a compulsion that can be denied."
"I was going to suggest you leave before dawn," Watson replied. "That would give you a few hours to recover, with time to slip away before being noticed." He glanced at Holmes, keeping watch over his recovery. "It's the least I can do..." his voice trailed off, remembering the taste of Holmes' blood in his mouth, the mad rush of thoughts from his mind. "Thank you," he added softly a moment later. "That was not something most men would consider doing voluntarily."
"By dawn you will be even stronger," Watson promised, holding out a steadying arm. "You'll be able to outrun them in no time." A brief look of consternation crossed his face, and he said haltingly,"By the way...I don't know for certain, but what if you continued to pretend you're severely injured, in order to not raise suspicion from others? If you're gallivanting about London two days after shattering your knee, someone is going to be suspicious. People might assume you faked the injury in the first place; that could throw the entire investigation into question."
Sentiment, it seemed, was Watson’s purview.
Watson’s face went a shade whiter than normal, Holmes’ words hitting perhaps harder than anticipated. "I never intended that," he replied lamely, but that earned him only a derisive scoff.
“It is highly unlikely the deaths are unrelated," Holmes agreed.
Holmes felt Watson’s temper flair like a distant thunder storm, but he mastered himself, corralling those monstrous instincts with the ease of a hundred years' practice.
He plucked up a sprig of dried sage and gave a delicate sniff, did likewise with the cedar. "Have you ritualistic chalk?"
"And did you have such guidance?" Holmes asked, already having deduced the answer.
"For the moment, it is to wait. To move against Newman the evidence must be irrefutable, else the church will step in to shield him."
He looked about, pondering if there were any reason at all to stay awake and was moderately surprised to find himself in a private room rather than one of the crowded medical wards crammed wall-to-wall with beds and dying men.
"Hush now," Watson said again, throat feeling tight. He laid him gently propped against the far wall – the one not adorned with the blood of a dead priest, thank you very much - because there was simply nowhere comfortable to put him, and he couldn’t take him anywhere yet, not until he'd seen to the worst of his injuries.
“Certainly, but you must admit that it worked.”
The next day there was one more beggar huddled on the steps of Saint Cyprian's. It didn't mean much; the state of the empire was such as to ensure a steadily revolving cycle of ragged men, women and orphans hovering about the church, each spot abandoned and taken up again as the unfortunates of society met their various untimely and oft unpleasant ends.
"How are you feeling, Mr. Holmes?"
“I’d rather he not want to kill me at all."
"Do so. Make it appear whoever was kept here...got loose. It would not hurt the cause to track a few footprints of blood down the hall on the way out."
“You may do as you please, provided you abide within God’s law.”
Holmes said nothing, still waiting, dissecting the doctor with his eyes and obviously finding him lacking.
flows the other way."
felt compelled to respond to, broken as he was.
"What
Mycroft glowered. "And even that is a fate better than he deserves for doing this to you," he growled. "He would live; you shall not, if you cannot free yourself of his influence. He will drain you dry, and you will think it glorious to serve as his dinner."
"I am being serious," Watson said, reading Holmes' sour expression. "I could set up a drop location somewhere neutral to both of us."
"Torture is a heavy word. They are lead through the valley of pain to confession; what they choose after is their own will.”
He sat back, stretched one long arm out wide to encompass the whole of the city. "And here you are, the rouge Prince of London. They cannot leverage your bloodline against you because they do not know whose child you are; not even you have that knowledge and I must admire your sire for that, at least. In telling you nothing she protected you both."
not to notice Watson’s true nature...and just happen to mention absolutely none of this to either Holmes or the Diogenes.
"Narrows our list to whom, exactly?" Lestrade demanded, folding his arms. Across the table Watson idly finished up the autopsy, stuffing all of the man's parts back inside him for the undertaker to dispose of.
"Save their souls? By murdering them? He sounds like a sadist with a fancy excuse for inflicting pain."
"That...is a problem," Holmes said, which definitely wasn’t the 'thank you for saving my life' that Watson might have been expecting. But when had Sherlock Holmes ever done the expected?
that to do with anything?” he demanded, incredulity punching the words into the stratosphere.
Holmes face was serene, and gave nothing away. "Unfortunately I do not know what questions the police have asked," he replied. "I am not affiliated with them on that particular case and thus am not privy to the details of their work. But as I am here and the murder has yet to be solved, I saw no harm in asking. Idle questions often open doors to the most surprising places."
"Can't say I like the idea. I'll be sending two men up with you, to catch you before you break your neck when you slip off that wet slate."
“If by ‘work’ you mean you forced me out of your mind, then yes. Yes, it worked. You also fugued; had I been any other vampire, you would be dead.”
Mycroft sighed heavily. "Irresponsible," he intoned as they approached the front door. Mycroft’s personal carriage waited street-side for them, and his trusted valet, Carruthers, stepped down to help Holmes up into the clarence.
“He does not kill when he feeds.” Holmes’ tone was dismissive, and Mycroft's mouth dipped into a cynical frown.
"He was not my ally, doctor, but my lover; the only reason I did not follow him to the grave was a promise he extracted from me some time ago. I have lived for that promise, and will continue to do so. But the day he died-"
"What!?" Gregson looked from Holmes to the roof and back again. "Are you mad? You'll fall and break your damn neck! I'll be blamed for killing Sherlock Holmes! Absolutely not."
As Holmes approached, another Inspector by the name of Gregson broke away from the throng and stepped over to him.
Holmes did not respond to that, turning his attention to the cadaver once more. “I found burnt cedar and sage in the alley where he fell, and these in his pockets,” From his coat he produced a few small items; a pinch of salt sewn into the corner of a small square of cotton, and a plain white crystal made of smokey quartz.
Watson nodded, gaining far more understanding from Holmes’ mind than his words. Holmes’ control was impressive, but even he had limits, and there were times when that chaotic ocean of sensory input broke like a tsunami, threatening to drown him. In times like that, cutting himself off from the world and retreating inward was simply a matter of survival, and to do anything less was to court madness. To use it as a weapon was theoretically possible, but that was a sword that could cut both ways.
"No," he replied, and Holmes heard the loneliness of years echo in his voice. "When you are bleeding to death after sunset on a cold battlefield you do not ask the angel in white who appears before you if she is saving your soul or sealing a covenant with the devil."
He crossed to the window and examined the glass, unsurprised to find a lack of fingerprints. Fingerprints required oil from the skin to adhere to a surface. If one were wearing gloves - or the skin in question had no oil - there would be no transference. There was however a bit of dirt on the windowsill and upon the floor inside the room, but nothing else. No rope fibers, nor marks where a grapple hook might have taken hold.
“I have my own theories," he replied lazily.
He fell asleep.
He arrived at Holmes’ flat the next evening, coming down from the roof and landing on the thin ledge of windowsill as securely as any man stood on solid ground. Holmes had left the widow unlocked and Watson let himself in, finding the detective deep in whatever chemical experiment had caught his attention some hours ago.
Watson looked about himself with keen interest. Here was stored Holmes’ great wealth of knowledge, every piece of data he could grasp and retain cataloged, cross-referenced and stowed carefully away. He could feel Holmes urging him on, inviting him to explore, and so Watson thought ‘vampires’. It took but a moment and then the library shifted, the shelves folding inward and moving apart like a child’s kaleidoscope, until he was facing a new bookshelf that had not been there before. Watson had not moved at all, rather the library had rearranged itself around him, and now presented him with all the information Holmes had acquired on the subject of vampires, both fact and fiction, and each tome helpfully labelled as such.
"I have to go now," he said, gently untangling their limbs. "The sun is rising, and I'm not safe here."
As he left Holmes reflected on the fact that he had probably felt like a greater villain sometime in the past.
Their proximity had been extremely close for the past minute, and so it took less than a blink of an eye for Jackson to take Holmes' chin in his hand, his cold grip firm and immovable.
"Scaling walls is within the known boundaries of science," Holmes replied, "flying men are not."
It's purpose these days was of a wholly different nature.
, not a bolt-hole."
The flat certainly looked as though it had fallen victim to the Yard’s particularly destructive brand of ‘wandering’. Three separate officers at least had trampled back and forth, making a mess of things.
"Quite certain; he had attention only for me every time I observed him, and upon him noticing my notice he would turn away and pretended to engage himself elsewhere."
Watson didn't deny it. "You are mortal," he retorted. "An exceptional one I grant, but still only human. This is not a game you can win, Holmes. If the sire truly means to take the city, it is doubtful he will come alone. How much of a chance do you truly think you have against a vampire clan?"
"You've found her,” she replied, looking none too happy with the fact.  “What of it? He still owes rent; I don't care if he's dead.”
A small smile – perhaps even a genuine one – pushed at the corner of the doctor’s mouth. “That is quite remarkable,” he said, the barest hint of admiration in his voice.
Holmes smiled to himself, glad that Lestrade had gathered those particular threads together on his own, as that made Holmes' job all the easier. “Oh, is there now?”
Watson pondered all that. "I thought about the reasons I was chosen for many years," he admitted. "I thought it a curse at first; cursed to kill when I'd been a doctor in life. But eventually I learned how to let people live while getting what I needed, and I was able to set myself up as a doctor,  and obtain blood without either thrall or murder. The question always remained, though."
Trigger warnings: none
“I don’t have a claim-” Watson began.
"Then my instruction is the same it was a week ago; if I am gone longer than a night, seek me out in the clergy house cellar. If I require your assistance I will try to send word before then, but there may not be time."
He dare not risk exposing information over open channels until he knew for certain who and what had been inside his flat. The mostly likely suspect was Watson, but that was not a certainty, and until he could be certain he must treat the threat as legitimate.
"This will be... very similar to the other experience," he added. He stood and grabbed the armchair, moving it to the settee as though it weighed less than a pillow. He sat again and licked his lips nervously.
Sunlight had only just cracked the edge of the slate colored horizon when Holmes slipped into an uneasy slumber, crumpled like discarded laundry at the edge of the settee. But rest was as fleeting as every other good thing in the world and barely an hour passed before he was roused by another flurry of pounding on the door.
he thought miserably, Holmes’ damned, infernal
"You should go," Watson ground out, tone low and bestial and hardly sounding like a man at all.
"Don't- there is no apology. Come here." It was as articulate as he could be under the circumstances.
It was not the reaction he had hoped for, though he knew well enough it was the only one to expect. He waited a moment, watching Holmes write then trudged doggedly forward, wanting to unburden himself, confess while Holmes was still his own man, capable of feelings and actions that were more than an extension of Watson's desires. "You probably don't remember, but you asked me to stay, that night in the hospital."
"That would depend on what proof was presented, but now it is my turn to ask a question: what is it you expect me to do about the person who is after you? If your fantastical claims are true this individual may have very valid reasons for wanting you back in your grave, the least of which is that it is undeniably where you belong. Such actions might not even be criminal; I do not know that England's laws against murder apply to persons already dead."
"Are you asking me to quit, as your client?" Watson asked in all seriousness.
Infuriating, impossible man. But Watson could not argue with the logic of it, and Holmes' knowing look said he was aware of it.
The rest of it fell away, insignificant.
It was mid-afternoon when he arrived in Regent’s square, the streets busy with pedestrians and traffic. The area around the square was one of the more affluent areas of Camden borough and it showed among the local populace, men in fur collared coats with their silver-tipped canes tapping on the cobblestones, and women in taffeta gowns and bustles edged with lace.  Whatever work Kramer did, it paid him well enough.
“Murder guided me here, not providence."
Holmes gave him an almost-smile in return. "Good night, brother."
you, brother. You make your days dangerous enough without involving yourself in the world of the supernatural. And you would have, had you known. Indeed, barely a month has passed and yet here you are; a vampire’s thrall already. How could you begrudge him either his secrecy or the lengths he went to in order to secure it? He was
Watson looked at the proffered hand for a moment, then took it, and Holmes was reminded again how very cold the doctor’s skin was.
enough to register annoyance with, and for his part Holmes was the only man on Earth who knew Mycroft intimately enough to know how to illicit such a reaction in the first place.
But for the first time in days he wasn't in pain, and that was a good thing. Eventually, he even managed to fall asleep.
“Of course,” he said, and looked about for a distraction, eyes falling on the vicar laying still and dead in a pool of his own blood. “To think
"There may be many days I'd disagree with you, Doctor," Holmes said, fitting his hat on again as he stood, "but fortunately this is not one of them. Now, on to the business at hand. I mean to visit Saint Cyprian's in the morning."
"I did not know that the effect ranged beyond immediate memory, but if so that makes my work much easier."
“I admit I have no head for strategy,” Watson said, backing down because he was sensible enough to know that fighting amongst themselves would be detrimental to their cause, “but here’s what I don’t understand; if Moriarty is so very old, why is he bothering with such an elaborate ploy? He could best me easily; why not simply invade the city with his clan and take it?”
“Excitement,” Lestrade repeated with an incredulous shake of his head, staring at Father Deighton’s body where it lay crumpled against the wall.  He glanced at Holmes again and blanched, turning towards the door with a gruff shout. “Hurry up with that stretcher, lads!”
"I swear I've told nothing but the truth," he protested. "What's best for Holmes is, logically, for me to stay away from him as much as possible, to guard him from afar and keep watch while allowing him his free will. But I... I can't stay away. I’ve
"Thrall can effect each man differently,” Holmes reminded him. “Newman was able to spend considerable time parted from his master and seemed unburdened, though he still did his bidding.  As for yourself...I cannot say. Perhaps the vampire feels a reflection of the thrall."
Watson frowned. "What if it won't fade?" he asked, looking down at Holmes in renewed worry. "What if... after two weeks, he still bends to my will?"
Holmes sighed, scowling down at the bit of paper in something like offense.  He was forced to concede that however perfect a predator Watson may be, he was utter shit as a detective. The doctor had managed to tell him precisely nothing about Kramer he did not already know.
“You are meant to be assisting him in mental defense, not making him more vulnerable to attack.”  Mycroft's tone was acerbic, even antagonistic, but his hands were gentle as the arranged Holmes’ limbs in a more comfortable position.
"You are as observant as he said you were," he said thoughtfully, as though speaking to himself. He blinked and addressed Holmes properly. "Yes, there is a specific reason this man was hired. I do not think revealing that reason is particularly relevant to your mission."
"Because he is a murderer. There was a fire at Cavendish square tonight; I have just come from there." And if those two sentences were not technically related, they were still true.
”I’m in need of a someone to split the rent and was hoping he could go halves with me on the rooms. What do you
Holmes started as well, shrinking back with a guilty look upon his face. "Sorry gov'nr!" he wailed, falling wretchedly to his knees. "I couldn’t stop meself..."
Holmes laughed at him. "Whatever my sins, they are between myself and whatever God may exist. If there is such a being, you forsook him the moment you decided to murder people in his name. If there is not, there is certainly no point in 'confessing' anything to you."
sit down. Not until he felt like it, which he certainly did not. "On the surface, it would appear he is attempting to save their souls, though I am not certain that is the case," he replied, ignoring Watson's attempts to nanny him.
crime?” Holmes challenged, because the longer he could keep Deighton talking the better his odds at escape, and the longer he could avoid what looked increasingly likely to be the inevitable.
"I hope you are right," Montressor said at length, squeezing her shoulder and looking at Holmes with desperate hope. "Will you bring this man to justice? He has done us great harm. You cannot imagine what I- what we have endured. The- the
had been on Holmes’ list, but that was likely because it never occurred to him as a possibility he need guard against. That left Watson’s judgement alone, and his judgement suffered rather badly whenever Holmes was around.
“Do you know who he was planning to meet the night of his death?”
not. His skin was dead; the stolen blood that sustained his strange life would not be wasted on warming his flesh.
Watson. Freedom from "Them", from their society, their games, their rules. Freedom even from your own sire. You will never feel indebted to one of them, their games mean nothing to you. You spit on their graves because you have never been given a reason to do otherwise. You never knew your sire, and thus your heart will never be moved by one of them suing for clemency in her name. She picked you out of a multitude of soldiers and killers and brave men following orders. And then she left you there to either live or die on your own.
Holmes sighed, body relaxing into Watson's grip as he gave himself over, feelings of contentment, want and desire pouring off him like heat. "Please-" he begged, and Watson nearly choked on his own words, unspoken assurances that yes, of course, anything Holmes wanted. He sank his teeth into Holmes’ neck and the sweet ambrosia of the detective’s blood flooded his mouth. He could taste their blood mixed together, and it was perfect. His eyes rolled upward and he flushed with pleasure for the second time that night.
"Hmmm," Holmes replied dismissively, brushing Gregson aside and peering up at the corpse. "What is being done to retrieve it?"
be the one who informs Mister Holmes of the fact.”
"Oh, I am certain it was," Mycroft sneered in disgust. "
"I shall comply then,” he said, and tried not to sound condescending. “You did say my obedience was a requirement for you to take on my case, yes?"
"Not anymore," he replied shortly, and the silence that followed weighted on them both. "Perhaps someone on your end, or are you also out of trusted associates?"
“What is the trouble?”
"No," Watson said thoughtlessly, "he said you only wandered blindly when you knew he was there." The effect on Holmes was immediate. The detective went cold, a heavy portcullis crashing down behind his eyes, locking Watson out.
Lucy Montressor greeted him with a warm smile. "Mr. Holmes!" she said pleasantly. "How nice to see you again. I'm afraid James isn't home just yet."
Just before sundown he disappeared into one of his boltholes - a rented room on the top floor of a weather beaten pub - and emerged a changed man; no longer a limping beggar but a salt-and-peppered haired sailor with a scar over one cheek. He sent word via his Irregulars to Watson, requesting the doctor meet him there.
“Then you are in as much danger as ever. I think I am glad, now, that you are staying here.” Watson bit his lip as he spoke, an endearingly human trait. Holmes wondered if he would find it so endearing were he not so enthralled. Probably not.
"He doesn't need to feed," Holmes agreed dumbly, hopelessly enthralled. All the vampiric blood in his body wanted was to be close to its source.
“His eyes, yes. Also his mouth, his nose, his ears and hands. Everything about man tells a story, if one but observes the details. For instance, I know you fed before you came here tonight.”
"Yes?" he prompted, leaning in close.
"I don't know – a week or two perhaps, even for a low-level of influence. I- I'm not sure how much more blood it would take for that to happen; it can be subtle at first."
instead. I tracked him to the church and found him standing outside speaking to Newman and another man whom I didn't recognize; he was certainly not a patron. I've not the slightest idea who the stranger was or how he became mixed up in the affair, but it was then I knew for certain it was Newman who had set Langley upon me."
The body lay face down on the cobblestones, one arm outstretched toward the street in a futile plea for deliverance. The brick walls of the narrow alley were stained with arterial spray, blood that had appeared black in the moonlight now a deep rust color in the flickering light of the oil lamp. Beneath the dead man the sticky remains of a puddle seeped and trickled its way through the cobbles toward the main road, filling Holmes' nose with the coppery scent of blood. A crude chalk circle had been drawn around the body, criss-crossed with strange symbols and lines. It was only partially intact, the man’s blood spilling over and obscuring the markings. Next to him lay three dried sprigs of sage.
As they were seated together this was not difficult, a simple matter of reaching out and taking the doctor’s hand.
Holmes’ hands stilled, and Watson felt his friend's emotions swell. “It is...not so long a story.”
He checked his watch; it was a quarter past eight.
They were seated once again in the foyer, on the faded red settee his brother had grudgingly furnished, having concluded that Watson would not stop visiting Holmes in the foyer, and that Holmes would not stop encouraging him to do so.  In this he was of course correct, and though he hadn’t liked it Mycroft was sensible enough to pick his battles, and they currently had a much larger one to concern themselves with.
Deighton tapped his fingers against his leg. “Confess your sins, Mister Holmes. I assure you I take no pleasure from this work, none at all, and I would rather it be done quickly. Confess to the Doctor’s whereabouts – that creature who wears a man’s face. Tell us where he is, and begin to unburden your soul from the shadow cast over it.”
It was now simply a matter of waiting for Holmes to realize that truth for himself - which he would, eventually. Holmes seemed to do nothing so well as he uncovered the truth.
Holmes coughed at him and didn’t answer.
And then, well...then there was Holmes.
Watson considered. "The vicar’s sermons had been growing rather bizarre,” he admitted. “He had long been focused on proselytizing- but now I think of it, he preached a good deal about ‘purity of the blood’ towards the end there, before I left. Given Deighton’s sudden fixation on blood and purity, it seems reasonable that Newman is – or was – a member of some obscure sect of Christianity, one that took the idea of the blood of Christ a bit too literally perhaps. If he befriended Deighton and slowly converted the man to his way of thinking, he might be trying to save these men’s souls through some obscure ritual. It would explain why the unfortunate are being targeted, those with vices they perceive as wicked.”
Perhaps, at least, Watson now understood why Holmes so vehemently insisted on the honesty of his clients...
“And you know how I shall respond,” Holmes replied, and Mycroft nodded gravely.
?" he asked breathlessly, eyes wide and open as the sky and Holmes answered placidly, “In what sense?”
“Fight him!” a familiar voice screamed, and then he was being pulled away from the bed, chair rolling across the floor and turning him from the vampire's gaze.
“It is the most likely explanation, given all evidence. He still has his pocketbook, watch and ring, thus it was not the work of a random thief. We already know it was not a vampire. The chalk markings and ceder tell us he was performing some sort of protective ritual, and the circle was large; enough so that two men might fit comfortably within. That he believed something was after him is beyond doubt, thus were he alone and in a hurry he would have made the circle small so as to save time. Then of course, there is the most damning evidence; not what was found on the body, but rather what was missing from it."
"I'm sorry," he said yet again. The last person he'd apologized to so profusely had been Stamford himself, though the man had no longer been alive to hear the words... Watson pushed that thought quickly away. "What are you planning to do now?"
"No," Holmes replied, "And are you certain your Master has not left his home after dark since then?"
"You know nothing," Holmes croaked, holding his pain in check. "‘Thus in Christ are we redeemed from the curse of the law, by Christ's blood spilled are we all saved.’ Galatians 3:13. You ought to try reading the
"The world is in motion,” Holmes answered, “I do not see how any man can be a part of it and not also move. How are you getting on?”
Holmes found himself mildly disappointed and rather unimpressed. "'Curious but skeptical' would be obvious to anyone. Of course I am curious; I am asking you questions. Of course I am skeptical; you have claimed the ability to read minds.” He shook his head, “You will have to do better than that, Doctor.”
"Doctor Jackson is no longer a member of this congregation," the priest reminded him, his voice firm. "But perhaps if you speak with him, he will give you the name I cannot."
They will not come for
“Is it such a problem?” Sturgerson ventured, and Mycroft’s only answer was a derisive snort.
Contrary bastard. "I am not gambling your well-being for the sake of scientific inquiry, Holmes. We'll think of something else."
"Yes," Holmes whispered back. "And you are my doctor."
“Fascinating,” he murmured, and pressed his ear to Watson's too-still chest, but no air stirred the lungs. He waited, marking the time. It took a full five minutes for that vampiric heart to produce a slow, solitary thump.
Holmes let out a shaky breath once they were gone, letting go of the pain - and yes, fear - that he had held in check. He swallowed, feeling the metal cuff press against his throat. Various injuries made themselves known, his leg and shoulder throbbing, bruises blooming like purple colored flowers under his skin. He had possibly been in worse circumstances before, but he could not recall when.
“True, but they were not. They were made by a man who wore military boots with the heels worn down and a large crack in the leather sole. I often smoke in my parlor and dispose of the ash out the window; he had a bit of tobacco stuck to the bottom of his left boot.”
"Yes. I apologize - I was looking for you."
Deighton backed fearfully away, one hand up in a futile attempt at defense, the other making the sign of the cross over his body. But there was no God in this place and had not been for a very long time. Watson grabbed him almost as an afterthought, flinging him against the wall with shocking strength. The impact caved the back of the vicar’s head in and he slid down the wall in a crumpled heap of bones, a red streak of gore trailing behind him.
“That is why he always knew so much,” he said simply, and Holmes gave a slow nod. He had fallen silent at the conclusion of the story and had yet to speak. But he didn’t need to speak to be understood. Watson’s hand on his shoulder was a conduit through which Holmes’ emotions flowed, and he wondered if Holmes would consider that a violation of his privacy and dropped his hand, feeling guilty. He wondered if it was one of those things he should have put on the list...
“You might make use of the time by taking some instruction in mental defense,” Mycroft broke in, in that staid, authoritative manner of his. “For we all know that you will be out on the street and throwing yourself into trouble within hours of the thrall’s ending, and any promise I might extract from you to the contrary would be disingenuous to say the least.”
thing, was to re-align his thinking to encompass new information.
Eventually there was another carriage outside, and Holmes recognized Lestrade’s footsteps coming up.
“That you persist in such deceit even now reveals how blighted your soul has become. It is providence that has guided your sinner’s feet here.”
"What's that?" Watson pulled away, looking up at him with his hair mussed and clothes pulled askew. He looked adorably stupefied, and Holmes wanted to kiss him again. But his mind had started to work properly.
“What’s your business here, sir?” he asked, hand hovering near his baton.
kill you."
Watson. Let me begin by saying that every man in this room is armed with silver, myself included. We’ve two sharpshooters on the roof opposite, and every other exit from this foyer has been warded against your entry. It is only due to my brother suing for clemency on your behalf that this meeting is taking place at all. Left to my own discretion, you would already be dead and your body turned to ash. It would be extremely unwise to act in a perfidious manner.”
Such was not the case, this time.
“What is your ‘warning’?” Mycroft demanded, obstinately refusing to tell Holmes anything at all.
"It is the only one I know of," he replied cautiously, "but again, I know very little. As we age our blood becomes more potent and that is reflected in all things, including the fortitude of our thralls."
But there was little to be gained from standing uselessly about mooning over the past, and even less by clinging to such childish feelings as jealousy over a man who a fortnight ago hadn't even known he existed. He had a job to do, a murderer to catch, and, perhaps, a detective to keep an eye on. He had meant what he'd said the last time they spoke; he would not allow harm to come to Sherlock Holmes.
A secret smile of indeterminable origin played around the edge of Holmes mouth. "Refuse to help? No, but he might not choose to help in the way I wish."
Watson blinked, taking a moment to work his way around Holmes' logic. "I- I don't know. But not if the thrall is a reflection of my feelings towards
The two priests shared a tilted look. "He was a member of my congregation," the vicar said sadly. "A troubled man, with a troubled soul and his past sins wore heavily upon him. He joined the army at a young age, and while there saw and committed many horrors of which he could not forget. Father Newman and I did our best to help him, but..." He gave a trembling sigh and Newman stepped quickly forward, placing a steadying hand beneath his arm, and displaying a level of concern that had been absent in every other interaction Holmes had observed between them.
Watson nodded slowly. “I don't relish the idea of putting myself at risk. However, he likely has far more information about vampires than I do, and may be able to help in other ways as well. Besides, I wish to prove to him that you are not "just a thrall" to me. You are not disposable."
"I'm sorry," Watson said in earnest. "Please try. I- I had no idea it would be so strong - I find myself wanting to bend to
"Plying my trade, nanny," he replied coolly, ignoring her fluttering as he glanced at the plain white envelope. "And securing your rent. Do be a dear and bring up some tea."
"Because how you lie matters. Whether you are parroting him, or if you truly believe what you say. It tells me how strong his hold is over you."
"I am not; I am a detective investigating his murder."
But he would not. Watson knew this as surely as he knew the sun would rise. If Holmes were to do any of these things of his own volition, they would have been done already. Holmes was crafty, dangerous in his way and quite possibly deranged but he was fundamentally a man of his word. He would not move against Watson now unless the doctor's own actions demanded it. Fortunately, Watson had spent a century mastering his darker impulses; he was in no danger of making Holmes his enemy.
He pondered for a moment the wisdom of their having joined forces: Holmes was a man who could, with very little effort, make life extremely difficult for Watson if he so chose. He could discover his lair, reveal him to the Yard, set dozens of hunters against him...or pierce him through the heart with the business end of a well-sharpened stake.
"You may ask; there is no guarantee I will answer."
A white-cloaked nurse bustled in, syringe of morphine in her hand.
Somewhere in the cursed house, something screamed. A great, shrieking howl that brought to mind visions of hell and dancing demons, of eternal fire and tormented souls wailing in lament. It was horrific, and he almost dismissed it as a hallucination dredged up by his fever-soaked mind but no- both the vicar and Newman whipped their heads around.
was the man Stamford had chosen as a lover; the man Stamford had died for.
"What can you tell me of your visits to Doctor Jackson's practice?" he asked, because exchanging mindless pleasantries had never been his way - certainly not during an investigation.
the detective - not quickly anyway – but he could keep him alive, and relieve the worst of his agony. Already the bleeding from the larger wounds had slowed, and smaller ones stopped entirely. He was hardly well but he would survive.
"Watson," Holmes said gently, because the doctor at least would listen to him.
Newman gave his head a firm shake and his stomach roiled dangerously.
They had once been a prominent sept in what would eventually be the county of Kerry, and made their ancestral home along the Maine river. Invigorated, Holmes searched the extensive appendix – which comprised nearly the whole of the third volume – for details.
James
Holmes nodded. "Thank you," he said, tossing her a coin and she caught it, looking at it in confusion.
"Your- your blood?" he said, words slurred and misshapen and the edge of panic in his voice told Watson exactly what he was thinking.
"You've been hired to investigate the underclass?" the vicar asked mildly, sounding slightly disbelieving.
Holmes bribed his way into a spot with a bit of tobacco and a few coins.
“I do not think I could even hope to fight a vampire so old,” Watson said, listening with widened eyes as Holmes told him all he had learned about “James Moriarty”.
"Ho there," he called, catching the guard's attention.
"It could have been." Mycroft narrowed his eyes. "You were lucky, and I know neither of us believes in luck."
“The Irregulars have called them already," Holmes reassured him, "they will be here within the next five minutes.”
He was safe now. Watson had come.
"Yes, do,” Holmes replied, soaking up as much of Watson as he could before the dawn pulled them apart again.
Watson arrived with the evening, took a seat and ordered a drink for the sake of appearances, glancing briefly around the room in search of Holmes. After a moment's observation Holmes' swaggered over with the lurching steps of a man used to the feeling of waves rolling under his feet. "Sure a toff like you could spare the coin to buy man a drink," he slurred, and Watson looked up at him with an untroubled gaze, nose wrinkling faintly in distaste.
The vicar gestured for him to continue while Newman looked on with thinly veiled suspicion.
"A doctor, Doctor Jackson. I believe he runs an evening clinic somewhere near Cavendish. In any case, I confronted him about the rumors, and soon after he left of his own accord - that was some few weeks before Langley died. He made no confession before he went, nor farewells, and that might - to some - be taken as evidence of his guilt. It is
"Holmes," the inspector said, looking about the small flat. "Montressor is secure. Is this his wife?"
"It was, though as your case is nearly at an end your word will not bind you for much longer."
Mycroft's eyes followed Holmes as he left the room, anger just held in check, tempered by the sadness in Holmes' words.
"Much obliged," Holmes replied, nodding his head and touching the edge of his cap with a grubby finger. "What else ye want me ta do?"
Lestrade nodded, looking thoughtful. "It seems very possible, then, that if Jackson suspected something and Deighton knew, he might have plotted against him.  After all Jackson was a doctor, and much respected at the time. Couldn’t make him disappear with the same ease as a vagrant off the street."
"Doctor, actually," the man answered. "Doctor Jackson. I apologize for not introducing myself; this matter has me quite concerned."
A ghost of a smile touched Holmes’ lips, but he was not yet ready to forgive his brother. How he wanted Watson...the world would make sense again once Watson was by his side...but Mycroft was right at least, that now was not the time for high emotion.
Vicar Newman waited with Holmes until the conclusion of Mass, then marched him to the vicar by his ear – quite literally. Holmes explained again what he had done and why, pathetic figure crumpled on his knees, grabbing imploringly at the hem of the priest's robe.
"I should like you to try," Holmes pressed. He was a man of science; he dealt in all things with facts and cold reason. Watson should have known better than to make such an outlandish claim if he did not intend to back it up.
The man turned and opened the door wordlessly, eyeing Watson with open mistrust. Holmes hesitated, recalling the uncomfortable restriction of the Diogenes’ protective wards. If Mycroft wished to betray him, all he had to do was ward the front door. Watson would be unable to defend himself, and Holmes unable to come to his aid.
“Quite so.”
"I don't think filling the attacker's mind with endless information on a subject is a good idea if they are probing for something you do not wish to share..."
Mycroft snorted. "We shall see about that. Sit,” he directed, claiming the middle chair for himself and thus ensuring Holmes and Watson would be separated. Watson glanced at him with faint trepidation, then took the chair on the left. Holmes shared the look, his concern bordering on worry because he did not underestimate his brother. Many people did, judging the elder Holmes on his girth and idleness and seeming lack of ambition.
“So you dismissed them,” Holmes finished, his mind already ticking away at the problem at hand...and it's obvious solution.
Holmes shot his brother a tilted look. “You are taking a rather keen interest in my client’s affairs." Mycroft taking an interest in Watson would be problematic to say the least. Holmes could manage the public, the church and even the Yard with nominal effort. Mycroft was a different matter.
"How long have they told you to stay here?"
“A predicament,” Holmes repeated, and though he appeared outwardly calm, Watson could feel his heightened emotion, the intensity with which he focused on Mycroft’s words. “And what is the nature of this...predicament?”
The moment the heavy oak door slid shut, something peculiar began to happen.
"Ah, excellent. It will no doubt prove a welcome distraction during my convalescence."
It was not every day, after all, that one had a vampire sleeping under one’s roof.
, belonged to
“That you must prepare for war. The sire of the vicar’s son is coming, and he will not be alone. If we do not stand together, I fear London will fall.” He then told his brother the whole of the story, from his first meeting with Watson to his last, omitting only the personal details which would only disquiet his brother further, and which Holmes had no desire to share in any case.
Mycroft’s eyes widened in alarm and his hand slammed hard against the foyer desk, upsetting the ink well and covering the desk top in a wash of black.
It should take him no more than ten, less if Newman could be avoided, though that was doubtful. The sham priest would almost certainly be with his latest victim.
“A little over four years.”
kill me.”
“How could I not know?” he whispered. He, who knew so much, who could read a man’s history from the callouses on his hands, the mud on his shoes. How could he not know something so profound about his closest of companions? About his very lover? It made no sense, and yet Mycroft told the truth, that was evident enough.
Holmes' face tightened, and Watson felt uncommonly like a school boy who had disappointed a favored teacher. "A good many things.
“Good evening,” he said easily, pulling the man's stomach out and setting it aside. "You must be Mr. Holmes.” A faint smile teased the doctor’s lips as he added, “Inspector Lestrade has warned me about you.”
A shadow shifted over the doctor’s face. “I
Watson nodded, Mycroft continued.
That made Holmes laugh, a sharp bark that threw his head back, the planes of his face momentarily illuminated by the lamplight. "I would not argue the point at all, but I doubt there are many who would not agree I am nearly there in any case."
He looked at Mycroft for a long moment. "It will be his decision; I fully plan on telling him how little I trust your word in this. If he does come, consider what that says of him. Consider too that Stamford - one of your own - was his friend. All he has done, from taking my council to saving my life was done before the thrall."
Holmes shrugged, unbothered. “When the scientific mind is presented with new data it must mold it’s thinking to encompasses it. The mistake far too many people make is in rejecting the new, because they are comfortable with the status quo.”
. He had never had a thrall before, and the few vampires he'd conversed with on the subject had led him to understand it was not a particularly momentous act on his end; it was the human’s mind which was influenced, not the Master’s. As such, he had not expected to feel any different in his regard for the mad detective.
"Nothing that is of any consequence to anyone, anymore." Holmes stopped talking and for a moment the world fell soft and silent around them, something delicate in the air but then Holmes stood abruptly and Watson felt as if a spell had been broken, like he had just woke blinking and confused from a years long sleep. "The night wears on Doctor, and there is work to be done." Holmes pointed at him. "If you are to be of any use to me do not waste what little time you have in idle conversation. Go, learn what you can, send me a missive at dawn. Each day brings delay I can ill afford."
"And what makes you certain his goal is murder?"
Watson hissed, turning to Holmes like a coiled snake ready to strike, hands clenched into trembling fists at his sides. "Yes, it would be possible. Feeding is...intimate."
"You suspect us of lying. To what purpose?" Holmes asked.
"You must eat, or your blood will not return," Watson chastised. "I'll make you something - where do you keep your food?"
“I think it would be best to assume he knows far more about you than you realize, Doctor.”
London, as Dickens had noted, was indeed a tale of two cities. A churning, smoking, vivid metropolis that put on display all the great wealth that came pouring into the empire from every corner of the globe: silks from China, fur from Russia, jewels and herbs from the jungles of Africa, and gold from South America were but a few of its many luxuries. It was a dazzlingly prosperous and modern city, whose staggering wealth was matched only by its depthless poverty. The hungry, sunken faces that huddled in the alleyways and swarmed like rats through the rookeries of the East End. The forgotten masses who toiled in the factories and coal mines, carving out a lean and wretched existence beneath the umbra of grandeur.
“Sod my brother,” Holmes mumbled against his lips, and Watson nearly choked on a laugh.
"And no other accomplices, I presume."
"No! Of course not-" Watson fumbled; nothing about this meeting was going as expected. He had thought Holmes - if not exactly happy to see him - might at least be
He pivoted to retrieve them and was greeted by the barrel of a revolver pointing down at him, aimed at his heart.
"I'm flattered. Should you wish to be truly grateful you will fetch me those papers so that I might have something to do of an evening while I convalesce."
His brother frowned. "If this creature already knows about you and your association with the doctor, you are in danger. I would have you stay here where it is safe."
"Most of us do not, when we are mortal," Jackson said with a huff. "I do hope you understand that I tell you this in confidence, and I expect secrecy from you."
that!?”
Holmes dragged himself off the man, though there was hardly anywhere to go. Propped up against the wall the pain finally overran his senses, and he dropped into a fugue.
"This is a tragedy," Lestrade sighed, removing his hat and threading the brim through his fingers as he glanced down at Lucy. "I do need to take her in, as well," he added softly.
"Sorry," he said shortly before snapping the wood in two, hefting one splintered, jagged end in his hand and plunging it into the tortured vampire's heart. It howled in agony, the walls shaking with the power of its screams as its skin smoked and crackled, turned black and then, finally, disintegrated into ash.
Watson didn’t like the sound of that...this case so far had been no better than if Holmes had thrown himself in front of a train. But after all, it was his own fault the detective had gotten mixed up in it in the first place. He hardly had a right to criticize now Holmes was fully invested.
Mycroft’s face never wavered as he replied, “The doctor could offer such assistance. The thrall may prevent you from opposing any direct order of his, but it will also aid in such training as this. It will be much easier on your psyche to have one you trust instruct you, even if the trust is of an illusory nature.”
The priest gave him an indulgent smile. “Perhaps you are right. As I said, my knowledge of such creatures is limited.” Newman showed him where was stored everything he would need to clean and care for the birds, then left him to himself.
“We are looking into that already,” Holmes reminded him.
kill while feeding, I killed because he gave me no choice; I simply didn't let the blood go to waste."
"Is there not enough evidence to bring to the police?”
And none of that filled Watson with either confidence or reassurance. “Once the sire reads your thoughts he will know better,” Watson countered. “Your life might not mean as much as you believe; it would be the work of minutes to rip the truth from your mind. Possibly less.”
“Only until you are well-”
Mycroft shook his head. “That is not the way thrall works, Doctor. A verbal command is irrefutable and absolute, until such a time as it is revoked by yourself, or the thrall fades. Thus, having told my brother to leave off, he should have done so immediately and without question. And he
But there was nothing else to be done.
It was not yet noon when Holmes left the church and so he returned briefly to Baker Street for a bit of lunch before continuing with the investigation. Stamford was no longer there to badger him about such things as sleep and food, and so he was forced to keep track of these frivolities himself.
"I wouldn't presume to tell the Inspector how best to waste the constabulary's time," Holmes answered smoothly, flashing Lestrade the loveliest of smiles, "You'd know far better than I."
“The story my brother has given me matches with the facts surrounding Mister Kramer’s death,” Mycroft pronounced, voice brooking no argument. “We know Kramer’s demise did not come at the hands of any vampire; the most tertiary observation of the corpse reveals this much. We know too the night he died he had gone to meet with a friend who he claimed was in need of such services as we provide, and we know James Montressor was criminally insane, having been driven mad by a concurrence of influences which include fear, paranoia and mental contamination by that wretched creature kept in the clergy house of Saint Cyprian.”
Holmes dismissed the comment with a flutter. “I have the situation well in hand, brother. “
As for Watson's feelings, none of the research offered made any mention of a vampire being equally affected. Perhaps it was because Watson had never thralled anyone before, and after a hundred years, the spell once released was quite potent. Or perhaps he had done it wrong? That seemed likely, though Holmes hardly knew
Holmes scoffed lightly. "I have never found any religious doctrine that could explain what science could not," he dismissed. "What do
"Yes, as a hired hand. Next time we meet, it will be as a detective."
"It narrows the field of scientific explanation; it does not dismiss it. That I cannot explain a scientific fact does not mean it is supernatural. However, you are making a compelling case for the later. What else do you have?"
"Logical!" Montressor sputtered, face going red again and not for the first time Holmes wished Stamford were there. His boy had been gifted with the social talents he himself lacked, making friends and influencing people with ease. Holmes could only occasionally connect, in a distant sort of way, and seemed to have more luck there with women than men. (Stamford would say that had less to do with his demeanor and more to do with his appearance, when he didn't look like "a half starved, drowned rat rolled in coal dust", to quote the man himself.)
“I was considering taking you to the bedroom.”
"I believe the destitutes around the church are being targeted, lured within, and killed."
say that would mean anything much to him at all? They were hardly friends. More grudging acquaintances, bound together for a time through happenstance and the shared loyalty to a dead man.
"I've noticed you're fond," the doctor replied, nodding towards Holmes' arm, the crook of his elbow marred with a number of needle marks, some old and some new.  "Your wounds are healing exceptionally well, no sign of infection. Could be considered a miracle, considering the condition you were found in."
," he ground out, voice carrying the familiar, gravel-toned inflections of an Order. It was meant for Mycroft but Holmes responded to it anyway. Not the Order itself, not the base command but rather the emotion it was born from.
At first it was just blood; viscous fluid coating Holmes’ tongue, thick and copperish. But moments later it became something more, something sweeter, something
“I did not say it was. There are far greater depths to the mind than the surface waves of conscious thought.”
"You rush to save the lives of those who cannot even repay you," Watson said, standing as well. He noted Holmes' abrupt change of subject and tucked it away in his mind for further rumination.
“You need a surgeon,” he argued, “And you cannot be found here at the scene of such a bloody crime. I can take you to a hospital and return to dispose of the bodies; it won’t take more than an hour or two, and I’ve the whole night before me.”
Among his more familiar acquaintances it began to be rumored the poor soul had climbed up the church roof himself in a fit of madness, and met his end by his own unfortunate hand.
"I had to," Watson said, "for Holmes' sake."
Watson glanced up from staring thoughtfully into the fireplace. "Oh - I assume I'll just rent a new flat," he said, but Holmes dismissed that with a weary scoff.
"I will sleep elsewhere,” Watson assured him, "but I insist on being here at night. If the sire means to take London he will not come alone; his clan will likely be with him. You will be the most vulnerable at night."
Watson mastered himself, and answered with a far more measured spirit, "Then we must approach him with caution."
"He had to be somewhere I could keep a close eye on him, and the arrangement is a temporary one." He winced as Carruthers deposited him a chair and set a footstool beneath his injured leg.
"London was not so important ‘until now’!" Holmes thundered.
Holmes cut him off with an impatient wave. "We've no time for your nostalgic waxing, Doctor. If you wish to stay in London you must do as I say, the sooner the better. We are nearly out of time."
"No, they will probably not come tomorrow morning. But I will not be healed tomorrow morning; it will take several weeks at least, you said so yourself. As for being a thrall, there are two advantages; one, I will heal faster. Two,
"There." He straightened his back and looked at Holmes. "I'll see you at Baker Street, if you return tonight. If not, tomorrow."
“Is there anything you wouldn’t mind me breaking?” he asked, glancing around the sitting room.
Holmes tilted his head back and addressed the ceiling, lazy lilt to his voice. "It is a fungus found in tropical climates, possessed of the unique and fascinating ability to infecting living organisms - ants to be specific - and causing them to wander from the nest. They afix themselves to the underside of a leaf and there remain until death some days later. In the meantime, the ant's body is devoured as the fungus spreads like a cancer throughout, eventually entering a reproductive stage where fruiting bodies grow from its head, rupturing to release spores, thus the cycle begins anew."
“I have had no challenges to my claim,” Watson countered, and Holmes tossed him a darkly glowering look, because for all the lauded intelligence of an apex predator, the doctor was acting incredibly thick.
We got this chapter up fast as a gift to yakichou, in return for her amazing artwork.
“You left him alive,” Holmes finished, “though missing a few mouthfuls of blood.”
"Have you any idea of the time?"
"You should sleep," he advised, noting the exhaustion carved into the edges of the detective's face.
“Something is,” Holmes assured him, then turned his attention to Watson because he didn’t want to think about Mycroft or the Diogenes or any of that just now. He simply wanted to stand there and kiss Watson for as long as the world would let him, stealing every moment he could, secreting bits of the doctor away for later reflection. Watson had no scent that Holmes had ever been able to detect, therefore he focused on the feel of Watson's arms around him, solid and cold as iron, and the press of their bodies; the doctor's chest firm against his own. This would be his panacea in the long day that was to follow, until they could see each other again.
Holmes paused as Watson's blood trailed a crimson path down his arm. "I take it this means no one can thrall someone already bound?"
“I am sorry,” Watson said again, because there was nothing else to say. "How can I help you?”
"I admit I did not expect such...intensity," he marveled, and Watson was quick to agree.
Holmes dismissed all that as beneath his notice. "Pah, you threatened me, is all. I have been threatened many times in my life, and by men with more intent behind their words than you. If it helps, you were not particularly convincing."
"I'm afraid the dawn will always part us," he said with poetic flair, caressing Holmes' face. He closed his eyes, seeming on the verge of sleep, the dragged them open again, and reached for his coat. "I need to leave," he said quickly, "I will return to you near dawn tomorrow,”
"I don't, but it is obvious you do. Should such a belief lead you to criminal or dangerous actions which put either yourself or those around you in peril, it would be my moral obligation to stand in your way. Any confidence you believe we have would be null."
“You have made a very unwise decision, Mister Holmes. I am sorry it has come to this.”
"If there is any distraction to be had I have yet to discover it."
“The Diogenes doesn’t take the word of a vampire or it’s thrall,” the man shot back, violence gleaming hard in his eyes.
“Will you confess your sins?” he asked the figure in front of him, and there was another low moan, but no words.
“You didn’t think it pertinent, yes I know.” He sighed. “But what is done is done. In light of this information, I think it would be best for you to find new sleeping quarters as soon as possible."
“An imposition,” Mycroft intoned, voice flat as a plank of wood.
The sun was a slow moving beast that crept it's way over the city and Holmes was on the verge of distraction by the time it set, his concentration in tatters, the doctor claiming dominion over his every thought. His attention pulled time and time again to the window and the darkness beyond it; the man who lay waiting there. Holmes could sense him in a distant way;
It was not hyperbole. Holmes had awakened something within him that had laid sleeping all these dark years, something that had not stirred even when he had been mortal, hot-blooded and alive. He had thought after so long a time, so many seasons passing by with the cobblestones wearing down beneath his feet...he thought he knew the world. Thought there was nothing new beneath the pale-glowing moonlight, no secrets hidden in the shadows.
“How many toes did you have to step on, to be allowed to keep me here at all?”
"Thank ye Father," Holmes said miserably, pathetic gratitude thick in his voice.
It was going to be a long two weeks.
“No indeed. I plan on letting Newman incriminate himself. As I’ve said before, I must wait for him to take another victim...but I do not anticipate the wait to be a long one.”
Montressor was at a loss as to what to do. “Did you hear me?” he said, trailing after him. “We’re closed. There will be no more business today. I – I must to the train station, before dark. I won’t travel after dark!”
“Mrs. Hudson?” he repeated, surprised. He scratched the back of his neck as he considered, a vestigial habit from when he had been mortal. “I don’t know, she seems about average." And then, because he was beginning to understand how truly crafty Holmes could be, "Why? What is it you want me to do to the poor woman?”
"My name is Sherlock Holmes, and-"
Holmes' head was an iron weight at the end of his neck as he peered blearily up at the man, a crooked smile hanging from his lips. "Good morning," he croaked, voice creaking like a rusty hinge. "Do be a good fellow and summon the Yard, there's a chap."
Holmes was coughing into his sleeve. “Meet me at Montressor's," he wheezed, chest contracting for want of air, "provided there is no suspicious activity around the place. If there is, go to Baker Street. Avoid Nanny if you can; I assume you can let yourself in with the same ease as before. If the constabulary should make an appearance, hide."
"We understand each other," he said plainly, and left it there.
Holmes didn’t deny it. If there was one man whose abilities Holmes held above his own, it was Mycroft's. And why not? He had learned observation and study at his brother's knee.
will that it not be," Watson replied, tracing a slow pattern over the skin on his stomach, "so we shall simply have to wait and see if your feelings change with its fading. For now you cannot trust anything you feel while I am around." He sighed then, glancing towards the darkened window. "I suppose I should go... you still need rest. Take the day to let your mind clear; you will feel my influence less if I am not around."
Watson’s mouth went hard. “Mister Holmes-” he began, but Mycroft cut him off once more.
Well, at least someone seemed to know what was happening. Unfortunately, Holmes couldn’t respond, so was obliged to listen to Mycroft yell at him and wait for him to come to the point.
fight and that was the problem.  As it was, he couldn’t even walk...and that was very much Watson’s fault.
“I haven’t the faintest idea,” Watson admitted. “But I think we have already established ours is a different beast from most.”
"I will not allow harm to come to you," Watson assured him, voice warm with conviction, and growing warmer when he received no response. "I am in earnest, Holmes."
"You're looking much better," he said, echoing Mrs. Hudson's sentiments.
Watson nodded, beginning to understand something of Holmes’ plan. He grabbed the metal frame and twisted it between his hands, ripping it free of the fastenings that held clamped it to the floor and tipping it on its side. He next tried to shred the leather straps apart, and here encountered his first real surprise.
Guilt washed through him at the look on her face, deep and bone-rending. But Montressor
"I have just stopped a mass murderer masquerading as a priest. Would you consider it a waste?"
Once Watson had rejoined him in the attic and everything was arranged to Holmes' satisfaction he packed a pipe with a bit of shag,  withdrew the packet of matches he’d pilfered from Montressor’s shop and set it alight, saying, "Flames travel up with greater ease than they travel down. Setting the attic afire will ensure the structure burns more slowly, and opening the street side window will draw attention to the blaze.” He flicked the still burning match onto the corpse. It erupted in a sudden wash of orange flame that hit them both in the face with a great blast of heat.
"Quite, though less than it was initially. I can tolerate twilight and the early morning, but even if it were less painful, the urge to sleep is more than enough motivation to keep me away from the day."
A perplexed look briefly tumulted over the doctor’s face. “But...what was the point, I wonder? Vampires rarely create other vampires without reason. Why turn the boy only to let him be chained up and starved? If Newman was his sire’s thrall, he certainly would have reported the boy's treatment. Yet it was allowed to continue.“
Holmes flicked the comment away with a twitch of his eyebrows. "A ridiculous assertion; I have you. In any case, it has never stopped me before."
"One can never be quite certain how the Yard's incompetence will affect the back end of an investigation," Holmes explained. "All one can reasonably be certain of is that there will be incompetence. In this instance, they were not interested in asking questions."
"I take it you heard about the church," Jackson said conversationally, sitting down behind his desk. He looked at Holmes carefully, reading Holmes in exactly the same manner as Holmes read him.
At the heart of it, of course, was the doctor himself. John Watson, an impossible thing. A creature that science and reason told him
“It is also nearly dark.” Which meant Watson would be there soon.
A triumphant gleam lit up the detective's eyes, and Watson recognized it as a predator closing in for the kill. "And what is the greater danger; being at your mercy, or at theirs?"
It was Holmes' turn to smile, though it was an empty thing, devoid of mirth. "Not so much as you might think. If you knew our friend so well as you claim then you know how well he could keep a secret. I know it too; he kept many of mine. You speak as though he and I were nothing more than colleagues." Holmes stepped up to Jackson again and pulled a chain from around his neck; at the end was a simple silver band, engraved with ivy leaves.
From the secret diary of Dr. John Watson MD, discovered some time after his death and reprinted here with kind permission from the Diogenes Society, London Branch:
Perhaps Mycroft – possessed of the same skill of observation as his brother – could read the truth of his words in a thousand tiny observations. That was certainly what Watson would like to believe. But the world was rarely so sentimental, and the more likely truth was that the elder Holmes was simply too disgusted to linger. Either way he remained staring hard at them before turning to Sturgerson.
Holmes found himself approving of that answer. "And are you as my client willing to do as I ask, or must I maneuver around your natural inclination for immortal pigheadedness?"
trigger warnings: none
“You dislike being touched,” Watson finished for him, “save for the very few people you have chosen to allow the privilege.”
Watson sucked at his lip for a moment before answering. "It is not like human hunger, Holmes. It is not a gradually growing thing that can be ignored for a time. The blood we drink sustains us completely...until the moment it does not. After that, the decline is both swift and merciless. We
, no one else...and with those thoughts came others, chief among them the understanding that he belonged to Holmes as well.
Lestrade looked him over with a skeptical eye. “I’d accuse you of jest but I know you better than that. I spoke to the surgeon; your leg was shattered, Holmes. Even if I had you carried up the steps, you’d be either in too much pain or on too much morphine to be of any use. It's been cleaned up anyway. We already know as what happened, so there wasn't much point in leaving a mess.”
Mycroft was not entirely satisfied with that answer, but seemed to accept it, for the moment. "We may hope his life returns to being quiet again now that all of London believes him dead."
no trigger warnings
Holmes could do little but glare up at the man and clutch at his now useless leg. Impressive as his self-control was, no one shrugged off a bullet wound.
" He sounded as if Watson had just asked him to pull a carrot out of his ear.
Watson looked up, interested but not without reservations. For all his intelligence, he could not fathom how Holmes would presume to know the intricacies of a moment a hundred years in the past, nor the intentions of a vampire he knew nothing about. "How could you know that? No one could know that. I never knew her; I certainly could not guess at what her intentions might have been."
“I think that would be wise. Though I might be able to teach you myself.”
And Watson let them live, and then they came back, thus ensuring a steady supply of fresh blood. "Most engaging. And what am I thinking right now?" Holmes challenged, his eyes alive with the prospect.
"For the same reason he employs only one servant, and she is not allowed to stay past dark." Another long moment passed as Watson tried to piece together whatever riddle had just been handed to him, but Holmes took pity on him at last. "Parrots are mimics, Watson. They imitate the sounds around them, often to an uncanny degree. And Father Newman cannot afford any witnesses. Not even the vicar's bird."
Watson considered. "Four weeks at the very least; your injuries were substantial.”
What on earth had happened?
"I was already butchered,” Holmes countered. “I hardly know how they could have made things any
"Yes, though only a few. From the bits of our "culture" I have managed to learn, vampires are territorial to the extreme. Personally, I would not mind sharing London with another, but most do not agree with my ethics where feeding is concerned. It has brought us into conflict more than once."
It had not been his intention to linger. The plan was to stay only long enough to hide his features behind a careful disguise before visiting Montressor’s shop. He was slowly closing the net around the man and needed to keep a careful eye on him; it would not do to have himself recognized.
Holmes paused, glancing at him in a way that made Watson feel lacking in some fundamental area; as though he suffered from a deficit of understanding. “Is it not obvious?”
“That will be all for now. We’ve a day maid that comes in the morning to cook and clean the clergy house, and I myself tend the gardens. You may weather here as long as you like, provided you work hard. The church will provide you with food and a small allowance that you might begin to improve your circumstances."
"I am holding the beaker with my right hand, come," he insisted, motioning with his free hand.
For all that, not a word was spoken to
"He keeps evening hours, of course he has electricity. But that is not why I ask. Does he play music, something soothing?"
Watson watched Holmes leave, giving more attention than he should to the vanishing line of his shoulders, the black swirl of coat. He tried to get back to work and found himself utterly devoid of concentration, his mind overrun, thoughts bent again and again toward the man he had so recently viewed as an adversary. Sherlock Holmes, the great detective. Sherlock Holmes, preeminent champion of law and order. Sherlock Holmes, the man he had thought he might kill...
“Ah, Sherlock,” he said heavily, draining the glass, “foolish boy, God save you. You may have truly outdone yourself this time.”
Watson glanced over a sheaf of paper on the table next to him, reading aloud. “Single contusion to the back of the skull, consistent with a sudden fall. Small abrasions on the hands and forearms, and bruises on the knees and shins.”
Holmes didn’t need to see anything else, he knew how the scene would play out. His wife would be relieved to have him home, Montressor’s disorientation would soon turn to panic as she informed him that Holmes had been there looking for him and he would attempt to flee again, but this time Holmes would be ready for him.
“Yes, and you said in the morgue whoever killed Kramer might try targeting my patients next.” Watson covered his eyes with a pale hand, shielding Holmes from his sight and the detective became keenly aware that
sporting with him, even if his comments were genuine. Watson pressed his lips together, unused to being the subject of ridicule, but let the detective have his fun. It was no more than he deserved, anyway.
He had other priorities...
"So?" he asked impatiently, peeling the shirt from Watson's shoulders and letting it fall to the floor. "I am telling you, there is nothing to be
Mycroft watched him keenly but did not intervene, letting Holmes work through it on his own.
Holmes threw him a knowing smirk, dark triumph all over his face and Watson had to fight off a powerful urge to shove him up against the nearest wall.
"Very well," he replied stiffly. "For right now, I will retire elsewhere for the day, as the upstairs room is not yet ready."
"Ah, well then. You'll forgive me if I don't get up." The words were cuttingly acerbic, though the edge was directed at himself. He closed his eyes and said nothing further.
He could resist out of sheer stubbornness, but to what aim? He didn’t wish to antagonize his brother and even if he did, there were far more creative avenues to explore than simple obstinacy.  Besides, all else aside Holmes was a connoisseur of knowledge, and in this critical area his understanding was woefully incomplete. He had no objection to learning more about thrall than the little Watson had been able to tell him.
He was immediately assaulted of course, that deluge of sensory input tearing at his defenses, everything coming so fast and so much he thought for a moment he might become lost in a fugue, just as Stamford had told him Holmes himself occasionally became lost, stuck in the hell of sensory overload...but Watson’s mind was stronger than it had been when he was mortal and he broke free of it in short order, following that gentle pull downwards.
"Think they took his bank ledgers," she replied vaguely.
"I should hope so," Holmes replied a bit dryly, directing the man towards a seat with a flick of his fingers. Generally speaking, interviews took place upstairs in his sitting room, but Mrs. Hudson wouldn’t be back for another three days and he wasn't feeling particularly welcoming tonight. "What is your trouble?"
“Holmes,” he said, wavering slightly. “Tonight is not-” but Holmes was already inside, speaking quickly.
“Because he is insane."
“This is going to look like arson,” Watson muttered unhappily, thankfully doing exactly as had been instructed.
It hurt too that
"Then you cannot fly," he affirmed, neither disappointed nor smug. It was simply another fact, a piece of data.
acquiesce, but not willingly, and not for long. Does that conform with your knowledge of a man in grips of thrall?”
“He was sent to the parish to investigate the death of Nelson Langley,” Mycroft explained, “and had he lived, I believe he would have uncovered the truth.”
“I thought you were one? In any case I seem to recall you assuring me I would survive the night,” Holmes reminded him with infuriating pedantry.
"Yes, thank you,” he replied as he felt the worst of the pain begin to drain away. His eyes were drawn again to Watson’s hands as he stowed away the syringe.  Holmes found Watson’s hands fascinating. Nimble enough for the most delicate surgeries, strong enough to bend metal like clay... “It seems this case is nearly at an end,” he heard himself say. “I assume you will not wish to stay here; wooden houses burn entirely too easily to ensure your safe slumber through the day."
"I have many places to be; things which must be done. I must find who among Mr. Kramer's associates had means and motive to kill him. I must find out more about the unfortunate Mr. Langley and his ties to the church. I should also like to speak with your former patient myself - you should provide me with the lady's address, by the way - and of course, the vicar must be interviewed."
Mycroft's eyes were chips of flint as he replied. “I have my reasons; you have hardly earned the privilege of knowing them.”
So about the title...
Mycroft’s eyes narrowed sharply. “I have never lied to you, brother. There are many things we do not discuss between ourselves. You do not ask me about my work, and I do not ask after your personal affairs. I never requested information about Stamford and you never divulged it. Furthermore, it was his expressed wish that he have no further contact with the Diogenes after he left, and I honored it. Thus, what he did and how much he told you of himself was his decision alone. It was not my place to share his secrets any more than it was his place to share mine...or yours.”
"You have a secure place to sleep already," Holmes told him offhandedly. "Somewhere underground, near the river I wager. I have not and will not ask for particulars; such information is dangerous to us both."
“The only danger to me at present is one of boredom,” Holmes replied, sardonic curl to his voice. “I cannot investigate from an arm chair.”
"Just over a week," Newman said in his strange monotone voice. "Here - we can speak to the vicar on our way, he will be grateful to hear someone is looking into Blevins' disappearance."
“I’ve nothing against the medical profession; doctors are a necessary feature of any civilization. However, I-” his voice faltered slightly.
"Perhaps," Holmes replied, appearing to give the notion consideration, fingers resting thoughtfully against his lips. "But this is only the most recent disappearance. The numbers are imprecise; the destitute are by nature transient, a quality that makes them nearly impossible to track but I believe there have been as many as half a dozen such disappearances in the area within the last few months. “
"I cannot, though I have heard older vampires can."
"Mmm, no. Sometimes I take cocaine."
And you lived, and lived and lived. And when you met another vampire, you killed them."
Holmes shook his head. “No indeed, the doctor knew nothing of its existence.”
"I'm thirteen," she said, lifting her chin defiantly. "And he don't never leave home close to dark no more. Not for weeks an' weeks now, ever since-" she clapped a hand over her mouth, clearly in danger of betraying some secret.
"A few years. I don't stay long enough for anyone to notice I fail to age."
“And what of the other houses on the street? If the fire is not contained-”
"I had never encountered a vampire, yet here you are." Holmes rejoined, removing his hat and running a careless hand through his hair. "An open mind is vital in the pursuit of science, Watson. Closed eyes observe nothing."
"Blevins," he replied. "I were me Masser's falconer; kept his birds. Masser went off with the militia and didn’t come back, an' I were out a job."
“Then we shall hope for their sake that they keep their distance.”
. A rouge vampire, and a lonely Prince.
He had intended to open the letter immediately of course, but upon entering his rooms he instantly went on guard, instincts keyed up and senses keen. Things were not as he had left them. Someone had been there, and it was not Mrs. Hudson. He narrowed his eyes, scanning the cluttered parlor for signs of disturbance. The state of his living space was such that no one should be able to find anything at all, let alone perceive if anything had been tampered with. But to Holmes, everything was in it's place; even if the place was an unconventional one.
"You are removed!" Lestrade snapped hotly, hand slamming down on the desk top for emphasis. "We've got a name; we'll take it from here."
He reached out and grabbed Holmes' shoulder in a bruising grip. “Where did you go?” he asked quickly, giving him a shake and Holmes pointed behind him. “Jes’ through the rooms there, an’ the kitchen. I were makin’ me way upstairs when I 'eard ye comin'.”
"A night in one's own house and a generous dose of morphine does wonders. What on the subject of our missing man?"
I am not dead, Inspector.  I assure you, every wound I suffer was sustained at the hands of the vicar and his accomplice; the lad had no interest in me at all. He killed the two men who had tormented him and then vanished into the night. He left me for dead, but also left me alive. I will help as much as I can, of course. He should be found but...I hesitate to brand him a mindless killer."
"Indeed, thus the difficulty in solving this mystery." Holmes pressed his hands together neatly, gave them a pleasant smile. "Well, thank you again gentlemen. I will of course keep you informed of any future developments." He started to leave but turned back, "Ah, there is one other question. If it is not an imposition, what can you tell me of the unfortunate Mister Langley?"
"You know where he is," Holmes said softly, assuming Watson's sight and hearing were more than adequate to the task of finding the man in the dark. "He was on the verge of fleeing so I incapacitated him. Bring him out back and fugue his memory of the last few hours as much as possible. Then let him go; he'll wander home soon enough."
"Mine," he whispered, the word fierce and ragged-edged as he slid one hand down to curl around Holmes' hip, pulling him closer.
“-we risk burning down half of London,” Holmes finished. “Yes, that is why you must follow my instructions exactly.” He took the stairs two at time. “Put the corpse into some of your own clothing, and bring it upstairs.”
“You were a fool to return,” he spat.
"Couldn't find out much about him; he didn’t have many personal belongings. Seems he took the Good Book’s idea of austerity quite seriously. "
Watson slipped off the chair and onto the settee, wanting to get as close to Holmes as possible. He stroked his hair, possessive thoughts filling his mind, sharper and more insistent than they had been before... Holmes was
pain.
“You - most men would be driven mad by such a mind. How do you function?”
He found the detective unconscious against the wall, eyelids flickering in unquiet sleep but his pulse was tolerably steady, and the fever not high enough to be worrying. Watson let him rest, keeping watch through the long night. Several times Holmes woke, disoriented and panicked, and each time Watson hushed him, and resisted the urge to give him more blood. But eventually the inevitable pull of sleep came upon him, heralding the dawn.
about such things. Yet he had kept that part of himself secret...and that, that hurt.
A dark mutter of disagreement rose around the room but Mycroft cracked his walking stick hard against the tiled floor and they fell silent. He turned his attention back to Watson, studying him like a bug under glass. Holmes dared not breathe.
"Just around the corner, eh? Qu'elle coincidence.” He turned and arrowed toward the bedroom, talking as he went. “And a church you say? When was the body discovered?"
was the only source of warm blood in the room.
Mycroft looked unhappy, but Mycroft always looked thus, a near permanent glower forever etched into his face. “No. Your meeting was nothing more than coincidence. I was investigating Kramer’s death myself; it was of interest to certain individuals whom I work with.”
"It was the day before his death. He had come to me for confession." Deighton gave Holmes an appraising look. "I am sure you know I can share nothing of what he told me in confidence. "
Holmes thought to himself, but what was the alternative? He wasn't too young to starve to death in the street for want of employment, after all.
Mycroft Holmes was a founding member.
“No,” Holmes answered decisively, “but we are meant to think it is.”
“Perhaps I want you to myself for as long as possible,” Watson replied, shooting him a veiled look and gesturing to the world beyond the window casement. “Besides, a cab can’t show you London the way I can.” He had learned long ago that the fastest way around the city was via the rooftops. Fewer people, and easier to traverse the city in a straight line, rather than follow the labyrinthine snarl of London's streets.
Holmes cleared his nose and said, “I am not so certain of that,” watched as Watson blinked at him, eyes wide and slightly startled.
of her pain, because it was Montressor himself who had done that. But Holmes had his hand in it none the less.
He scrubbed a hand through his hair and forsook lunch in favor of going to find out something
Mycroft neither confirmed nor denied the charge, which they both knew meant Holmes was right.
"It is no more than speculation, understand."
"Human wickedness," Watson noted. "Do you think a man like him - a man like
Stymied at the church he reversed course and headed back to Baker Street, letting himself in with the quiet care of a burglar on the prowl and ghosting up the steps, feet finding the silent spaces where the floor boards didn’t creak.
“And what has been your experience, that you do not share his myopic dedication?”
“The body found in the remnants of Cavendish did not belong to any vampire,” Newman said. “Did you think we were so ignorant as to be fooled by a corpse? Or did ‘Doctor Jackson’ fail to tell you that his kind turn to ash when they die?”
"Ah, excellent," he sighed, letting his head fall and his eyes shut, and as if by some miracle of translocation the next time he became aware Lestrade was there.
The vicar gave him another sad smile. "My history is not your concern. You will understand both my sin and my repentance soon enough." He stepped aside for Newman, who came forward with a rough cudgel, shorter and thicker than his shillelagh. When Deighton looked at him again his face was filled with madness and sorrow. “My judgement shall come someday, and He will not be merciful. But first, there is someone I must save." Then Newman hit Holmes in the head with the club and everything went dark.
trigger warnings: none
"They have not. I was rather hoping to discharge myself before they could. I despise hospitals."
“A drunkard,” Holmes continued, and Watson nodded again.
"I wish you to be safe!" Watson corrected, too much passion in the words but there was nothing to be done about that now.
Holmes waved the comment aside. He was here for a reason. “I also assume his corpse was a message for your enemies. The clergy, perhaps? A man who wears worn out boots through the rain wears them because he has no alternative- he certainly couldn't afford such an expensive crucifix, nor a pouch full of silver bullets. Taken together with the contents of his pockets- wooden stake, bible, garlic - it is clear he was sponsored by someone of both faith and means. That’s why the church roof, isn’t it? And the cross between his teeth. You were sending them a message.”
"Your heart
“New bloke, don’t recall his name.”
True to his word, Holmes kept tertiary contact with Watson, though he had not yet received any news of the doctor's former patient.
Lestrade rolled his hat about on his head, clearly debating the pros and cons of letting England’s foremost detective smash his head open on the cobblestones. Finally he acquiesced with a shrug of his burly shoulders. “Well, it’s your own neck after all.”
Watson fortified himself a bit and did not answer Holmes in words, instead radiating a brief feeling of reassurance. Now he knew what to expect, it was not so difficult. Watson was a vampire and a hundred years in the world and thus Holmes’ mind was not as strong as his when it came to sheer power, in the same way a trickle of water was no match for a stone. But when Holmes brought the full weight of his mind to bear the experience was less a trickling brook and more akin to being bashed by the relentless waves of a perpetually turbulent ocean. He could certainly endure it, but it wasn’t a terribly pleasant sensation.
He rarely did, these days, but now at least the blame could be laid at the feet of a murder investigation and the newly discovered existence of what - lacking a better term – must be called vampires, and that was far better an excuse for exhaustion than soul-rending despair.
"Yes," Watson said with a resigned sigh, "and my advice to be cautious remains." He stood as well and walked Holmes to the door. "If you present yourself as a man of science who does not believe any of it, that may work to your advantage. They will certainly not think you are an agent of darkness at the least."
"And what facts do you have?"
Mycroft’s voice cracked like a whip through the room, and even Watson was startled by its vehemence. He paused.
Watson shrugged, looking briefly away. "I am quite strong. No wall is difficult for me to scale, even with a body in hand."
In that respect, Holmes had put another's happiness above his own. Completely, and for the rest of his life.
"Fire more easily than heat alone," Watson replied with a nod. "More flammable than a human, for the younger among us. On its own warmth is not much of a concern."
At some point the pain returned, sharp and relentless and Holmes would not recall yelling for morphine but that is certainly what happened. He was tended to, another dose of quiet, mind-numbing euphoria unclenching his teeth and easing the grimace from his face, leaving him in a state of stupefied, almost infantile bliss. He slept straight through the morning, not rousing until sometime after noon.
He felt for Holmes the kind of all-encompassing love a man might experience but once in a lifetime, if he was lucky. An ever-expanding thing he could not find the edges of. It was endless, it was hopeless, and it had taken root inside him like ivy; he would soon be overrun.
Mycroft’s face turned a shade darker, though it was likely only Holmes who noticed. They had already had this argument today.
"Excellent. How powerful are your skills of persuasion upon the memory?"
The problem was, he wanted more of Watson than he could have. He wanted his hands on his body, his teeth in his neck. He wanted to share blood again like they had during the thrall; that most intimate of kisses.
“They provide the most panoptic and topical information, yes. There are other books, but it would be repetitive to seek them out. You would learn nothing new. If you wish to better understand this thing you have done to yourself, start here.”
Thankfully a socially acceptable sleep schedule was not expected of Sherlock Holmes. Mrs. Hudson brought him the paper with a long-suffering sigh, her thin face pinching in as she took his disreputable state; the rasp of beard on an unshaven face, shadows like bruises under his eyes. He disliked the shrewdness of her gaze, its dissecting nature. He let fly with some caustic observation or three and felt pettily satisfied by the hard glint in her eyes.
He exhaled a plume of smoke and picked up a pen, twirling it around his fingers for a few moments as he thought. Then he began to write.
Watson decided to try it. What was the harm, after all? “Stand up,” he commanded, and thought this would have been a far less stressful way for Holmes to have tested his theory than willfully throwing himself into a fugue while their minds were entangled.
to follow me inside. If I have not returned before nightfall, hurry to Baker Street and find Doctor Watson. Tell him where I have gone, and that I require his immediate assistance.”
"How do you
“Well, then, perhaps you could sleep,” Watson said pointedly, changing tactics and Holmes shot him a poisoned-dart look.
influence now.” He could tell Watson was about to apologize again, and Holmes didn’t want to hear it, so silenced him with a kiss. “No- hush. We have been over this. No more apologies. And if you
Deighton knelt beside him and ran his hand over Holmes brow, the blood-matted mess of his hair. The priest’s touch was gentle, almost reverent, a parody of a congregant’s benediction. "You are still so stubborn...why not admit to the guilt you feel?"
Watson hoped the man would stop there, but of course things never seemed to go the way he wished them to when Holmes was around.
"I ended up saving whoever would have come after me," Holmes countered, and Mycroft gave a judgmental grunt.
"No." Holmes sat, and didn’t miss the predatory grace of the doctor's movements. Lithe and lethal, like a tiger. He wondered how anyone could mistake him for anything but an apex predator. But perhaps he wasn't bothering to hide it, tonight. No genial, mild-mannered doctor here. No cane he didn't need, facilitating a limp he didn't have, the result of a wound that didn't exist anymore.
"I would very much prefer it."
Holmes was nothing if not perceptive. Watson was paler even than usual, skin so white the few veins that still had blood in them stood out sharply, his eyes a dark indigo shaded with malice, desperation and hunger.
"Have you spoken to the diocesans? The bishop would know where the vicar was placed before coming to London. It will be somewhere to start."
Newman bowed his head in acquiescence. "Of course, Brother." He then guided Holmes through the church yard towards the shed, frosted grass crunching like glass beneath their feet, and their misty breath hanging in the air as they walked. Newman showed Holmes to Blevins' corner, and the sad straw mattress that had been his bed. Holmes examined everything as if seeing it for the first time while Newman waiting just inside the door.
"If you have indeed lived a hundred years, I doubt I have seen as much as yourself; I have not yet lived half a lifetime. However, I have witnessed both great evil and great goodness in that time. We, mankind, are neither inherently good nor inherently evil. If I were to make a sweeping judgement, I would say what we are is inherently conflicted - and afraid."
“But are you certain it is him?” Watson asked, and Holmes shook his head.
Watson listened and pondered it all. It was true, he would fight to defend his life (as anyone would do, would they not?), even if that meant hurting or killing innocent men.
“And you think the vicar was behind them,” Holmes finished, Lestrade's face telling him that was exactly what he thought. Well, that was all right. Let Lestrade tie it up however he liked,  so long as Watson was safe.
"Has the Inspector been by? There are things we need to...discuss."
Watson had thought Mycroft might stay until his brother came back to himself, but of course that did not take into account the man’s infamously pragmatic nature. He could be of no real use after all; the fugue was something Holmes would have to come out of in his own time, and until then he was as safe and comfortable as could be managed. As such, there was no practical reason to linger, and he would certainly not be swayed by sentiment.
The firemen arrived just as Holmes finished his inspection of the rain-soddened ground around the church's foundation and busied themselves setting up the first of two ladders. Large and sturdy, it reached up to the first story, braced against the rough bricks. Once in place they carried up the second, smaller ladder and set it carefully along the edge of the clerestory. One of the members of the fire brigade came over to Holmes, polished domed helmet held beneath the crook of his arm.
“Your brother is watching.”
"Oh indeed yes,” Watson confirmed with a nod, “there are many things I understand more quickly and with more clarity than I did before. I think, had I been a mortal man experiencing the revolution of technology we have gone through this century, I might have been quite staunchly against it. Trains, steam power, electricity - such wonders! And such horrors, as well."
"Why move it, then?" Watson mused aloud, and Holmes glanced at him finally, his eyes like dark pools Watson couldn't see the bottom of.
going to pay it?"
“Are you well, Jacob?” Deighton called, and was greeted with another groan. “You were right; Mister Holmes has returned to the scene of his most recent crime. My apologies for doubting you.”
Holmes scoffed. There were surely things Watson cared about less than Holmes' approval, but the list was undoubtedly a short one. "It hardly matters. I am here to ask you what you expect me to tell the police."
In a dark, closed-off part of his mind he didn't like to acknowledge Watson imagined what it might be like to feed from him, to part his rumpled collar at the neck and bite down, that moment's resistance before teeth pierced flesh, the euphoric rush of blood. Watson's hand tangled in the dark mess of hair...he wondered what Holmes might taste like...
"Are those silver?" Lestrade asked incredulously, peering over Holmes' shoulder.
Holmes seemed to consider that. "It would be helpful," he admitted at length.
“Then you’ve no reason to fear for me.”
“Odd enough to believe in vampires?” Holmes asked, laying down the gambit.
He sighed, "I am sorry" he said again. He gathered the woman up and took her into the flat, laying her upon the settee. Then he watched over her, though he was the only thing in the room that could do her any harm.
"Nothing," Watson replied hastily, offering another false smile. “I said I should go." He never should have come.
"It is, it - it definitely is, my friend," Watson said, his voice shaking slightly. "I did what I could to ease the pain. Some of my blood in the wound. It will heal more quickly, and without infection."
Montressor set the tea tray down heavily, looking unconvinced. "If you say so. I still believe him to be a monster - better to assume the worst and be true, than hope for the best and watch my wife die, taken by the night..."
Holmes waited. Not patiently but resignedly, and Watson followed his lead. It seemed Mycroft was taking the time to gather his thoughts and choose his words, and though Watson did not know him well at all, he suspected the fact that a man such as Mycroft was obviously troubled spoke to the seriousness of the situation.
Lestrade shrugged. “I can have a constable bring them ‘round later on.”
She dipped her head lightly, a wan smile on her face. "Yes." She came fully into the room and sat down on one of the chairs. Montressor immediately began clucking over her, bringing her blankets and pillows, stoking the fire and finally moving off to the kitchen to make her tea.
“Why did you kill Nelson Langley, and leave his body atop the church roof?” Holmes glanced at him, wondering what his brother was after. Holmes had already told him this story.
Watson caught him with easy strength and guided him back down into the chair, a spear of panic jolting through him. He hadn't taken too much, had he? No - no of course not. He had perhaps drank slightly more than was his habit, but certainly nothing that couldn't be recovered from with proper hydration and a decent night's rest.
“That’s the spirit, Inspector,” Holmes said, clapping him on the back with more force than strictly necessary.
Watson looked more concerned than ever, eyes wide, his face intense and earnest. "
"You're worse than Nanny," Holmes complained, and then proceeded to fall asleep in the chair.
He had not properly prepared himself for the feelings that flooded through him at the sight of Sherlock Holmes laying in a hospital bed, his broken body held together with needle and thread and strips of cloth, stitched together like an urchin’s rag doll.
"You speak of the echo that reverberates through your head when given an Order.”
"I am trusting
"I will put forth every effort to follow your instructions, and if I feel I cannot, I will at least tell you why."
Father Deighton nodded. "If you are willing to work hard and put your faith in God, I believe I can help you." He then laid a plate of bread and a cup of tea in front of Holmes. "Eat, while I go attend to my duties. When I return, we shall speak some more."
He sighed and went down.
"I do not think I want it broken," Holmes admitted, "though I cannot say if that is the thrall speaking for me. I hope it is not; I do not want this to be mere illusion."
That was the story, anyway.
"And you are a thorn in my side, little brother," Mycroft replied flatly. He turned slightly as a nurse came in with a wheelchair and stepped back, least they accidentally brush against each other. Mycroft disliked being touched, and hated hospitals even more than Holmes did. "You are late,” he said to her, magisterial tone to his voice and she blanched, reacting to the words as though Mycroft were her own superior as she hastily pushed the chair to Holmes’ bedside.
"That is my concern as well. I have already told you this, brother, but I would much prefer that you stay here until this business is concluded. However long that may take," he added, casting a meaningful gaze Watson’s direction.
"Always so demanding," Watson chided, but indulged him, even if the kiss was bittersweet, and the gentle teasing a cover to hide less playful emotions. Were he a better man, he would not touch Holmes at all; would not encourage the feelings brought on by the thrall. A better man would have left that first night, would never have allowed himself to become so entangled. But he is not a man at all, and certainly not a good one.
"Nothing so severe as this, no. Despite what fanciful stories Stamford might have shared, I do not make a habit of walking blindly into certain danger."
Holmes squinted down at the birds. They were well fed, but the coop itself was in shabby condition and in sore need of a proper cleaning. The parrot fared little better; its cage was relatively clean of droppings but the creature itself had gone bald in places, the surrounding area covered in brightly colored feathers.
“Most extraordinary. Is that typical for thralls?”
trigger warnings for: extremely graphic violence, blood
Watson shrugged. “Odd you would find that as unforgivable as murder."
"I will, then," Watson said decisively, the matter settled.
She didn’t say anything. She knew him too well for that.
“Can you tell so much by looking at a man’s eyes?”
After that he patched him up the old-fashioned way, using strips of cloth from the bedsheet and his own two hands, seeking out the worst of the damage underneath countless bruises. When he was finished, he pressed his hand to the side of Holmes face and Ordered softly, “Wake up.”
Holmes knew himself, knew that it should bother him, to be so overcome...but it did not. Thrall and all else aside, for the first time in many months his soul was at peace, unburdened by guilt and loss. He did not love Stamford any less than before, but the shadow that had fallen over him this last long half year had retreated beneath the blinding light of Watson’s presence. It was an unspeakable relief.
“Ask him about Kramer,” one of the other men interrupted, and a dark murmur of agreement wound its way around the room.
Watson felt a wash of irritation suffuse him. True, he was not as forthcoming with the detective as he should have been but he was hardly the only reticent character in the room. “Well why the hell didn’t
Later, when he read Holmes’ mind in earnest, he had been shocked at the depth and speed of it, the tumult of rushing thoughts like whitewater, all churning and swirling and boiling over until the sheer effort of trying to corral those racing floodwaters had left the detective almost perpetually exhausted and more than a little unhinged.
The only certain way to free a man from thrall was to kill the creature who held them under sway. There were very, very few instances of people managing to break out of such a state on their own, and in each case the circumstances had been similar: a younger, weaker vampire who’s thrall abilities were still evolving, a mortal who had either been trained in the art of mental defense or else possessed latent psychic abilities of their own, and a sudden shock to the senses – such as pain or fear – which helped break the connection between the mortal’s mind and the creature who controlled it.
will tell me where he sleeps; the only way to free you from him now is to kill him."
"To gain our trust," Mycroft replied sourly, directing his words at Watson, who shook his head helplessly.
“Kramer?” Watson repeated in genuine confusion, and Mycroft shot his subordinate an unpleasant look.
was his secret. I wonder why he was...keeping it.”
Holmes stole another kiss before letting Watson go, and endeavored to keep his thoughts to himself.
"I do not murder in God's name," the vicar corrected, his voice too calm for sanity. "I help them confess their sins and embrace true repentance. Afterwards their purified blood is used for a better purpose." He signaled with his hand and Newman entered behind him, a bowl in his hands. He knelt and placed it snugly into the hole in the floor at the end of the stone trench.
"Blevins, yes." The clergyman's face furrowed. "He was in our employ for a time, but he's run off, I'm afraid."
Watson blinked, and thought he must have misheard. “What? I- no!”
Morning crawled up over the city, cold English sunlight filtering through the dusky windows and Holmes set aside his experiment, grabbed up the oil lamp and took the steps to the garret room with unabashed curiosity.
The man gave a quick bob of his head. "Indeed sir. He was here earlier, but you’d yet to wake. I could fetch him, if you like."
"I'm not entirely certain," Holmes replied, splintered glass feeling in his throat every time he drew breath. "I was somewhat...impaired, during the excitement." His head lolled to the side and he winced, pain very real despite Watson's earlier attentions.
They pulled the body down as carefully as could be managed and laid it on a stretcher. Lestrade ordered everyone away then, giving Holmes a chance to conclude his examination without having to cling perilously to a rooftop.
Well, that was horrible. "Good Lord... whatever for?"
"Yes, I've finished with him." Holmes stood, hands firmly in his pockets as he watched Lestrade signal to a pair of constables to take the dead man away.
It had not been vengeance that drove the worst parts of himself forward into Holmes' life; it had been jealousy.
“He does not kill when he feeds,” he said, and Mycroft greeted that with all the incredulity Holmes expected him to.  “Consider, brother. There is a reason no clans have gained a foothold in London, and it is due to more than your own efforts.”
"Yes or no!?" Holmes barked. "Would it be possible for him to approach you unnoticed if you were feeding?"
Watson laughed softly. “I can Order one or two, certainly. But not a whole group, and not permanently. They would certainly return once the command faded, and likely in greater number. It is a useful trick to escape immediate detection, but not a permanent solution by any means. How are you faring?"
"Yes," she replied, extending a pale, thin arm for his examination. There was an obvious scar from frequent bloodletting at the crook of her elbow, where the vein became visible just under the surface of the skin. But it bore a single mark, one long incision rather than a puncture wound.
"It is not murder if they willingly give themselves to the cause.”
The vicar was unmoved. "We can play this game if you like, though it will hardly spare you from His judgment. 'Very truly I tell you, unless you eat the flesh of the Son of Man and drink his blood, you have no life in you'. We both know there are those among us who drink the blood of men, don’t we, Detective.” He leaned in close. “Where is the Doctor?"
As for using the church rather than the police, it was a stroke of brilliance that speaks of someone with considerable powers of ratiocination. Who else besides a reverend is privy to so many secrets and confessions from so many disparate corners of life? Police are only called upon where there is a disturbance; when the status quo has been upset.  But you were a hidden Prince, one who moved unseen through the city. You would be as invisible to the Yard as you were to everyone else. A priest, however, is a confessor who carries many a dark secret beneath his mantle. Nor is it likely that Deighton was his only such spy.”
"Till death do us part?" he asked carefully.
Mrs. Montressor looked assuaged, her husband less so, but he had at least stopped arguing and blubbering, so Holmes moved the conversation swiftly forward. "Now, there is one more thing I would ask of you."
And yet Holmes remained unaffected. “You see?”
Watson stood quietly with his hand on Holmes shoulder, listening as Holmes laid all the secrets bare, telling him of Mycroft, of the Diogenes and Stamford and once the initial shock wore off, he had to admit that a great many things were starting to make sense. Cast in this new light, his memories of Stamford were suddenly illuminated; any number of small, inconsequential moments given new context and understanding.
That morning he visited the haberdasher's shop in Mayfair. He needed the identity of the second man.
Holmes' shoulders twitched out a shrug. "I do not know. But there is little practical difference in having no chance and taking none."
Watson did, mastering himself enough to push Holmes gently away, hands lingering on his shoulders before letting them drop. “It’s all right,” Watson told him, then turned to Mycroft. “I have no desire to feed from him,” he said. “To share blood, yes. But he is not...he is not
,” Watson replied after a quiet moment of his own. “Stamford was the only person I had trusted in a hundred years.”
“He was a most remarkable boy,” Holmes continued, “devilishly clever. Had the most extraordinary gift for languages, as well as possessing the singular ability to know precisely what I was thinking at any given time.”
"Alright," he nodded, kneeling down. "Where is the worst of it located? I assume your knee, the fracture is still open..."
He was there for two days.
Holmes nodded in agreement. "Precisely. Him, and any constables unfortunate enough to be with him. Thus what would exposing you to the Yard achieve except more death? The end goal of any investigation is to prevent more crime, not exacerbate it."
no trigger warnings
The helpful girl bobbed her head. "Aye, it's there by the wall. Is it a spell yer after?" she asked curiously, watching as he rubbed a bit of chalk dust onto his finger and pressed it to his tongue.
Holmes blinked up at him again, gaze raw and unguarded for half a moment before he looked away. “What have you to be sorry for? It was not your offense.”
Watson looked down at the body for a moment. "Exsanguinated, obviously. Bled out from two holes in his jugular.”
She shook her head frantically, beginning to tremble in distress. "I didn't know he had gone...it is not like him to not tell me if he plans to leave."
"Because London has been free other vampires for at least fifty years," Watson said firmly,  "because I made it so! This is
. I am telling you now, if you take this chance you are not likely to survive it." He paused, swallowed and continued, "I-I consider you a friend. Please..." but the words refused to be spoken, shriveling to dust on his lips.
"A secret room in the cellar of the clergy house, and a parrot."
"By night is when I would most insist upon it," Mycroft interjected, his voice like ice.
do is run." Holmes cast a shrewd look his direction and Watson felt transparent, all his secrets laid bare  beneath Holmes' dissecting gaze. "I know you are considering asking it of me, doctor. You might as well not bother."
"It must be very convenient to be so unbothered by one's environment," Holmes said idly, noting the frost on the window panes, the puffs of breath that emanated from his mouth as he spoke.
"I'm sorry - I know I said I'd wait till dawn, but I couldn't, I was watching you, I needed..." he took a half-step into the room.
For a moment Holmes looked bleak and a shadow passed over his face, something that - on other men - might have been called fear. But then resolve hardened his features and he turned the lad ‘round by the shoulders, walking him briskly back to where the other boys waited in an expectant huddle, whispering back and forth in hushed voices. They pressed in around him as he approached and he crouched down, speaking quickly.
Father Newman rounded the corner, only to jump back again in surprise.
There was a pitch-black irony there, that in his desperation to frame Watson -- to have
He went silent.
, per se, only that-”
Watson's heart beat in his chest.
"His name?" she parroted dumbly, a frown settling at the edge of her mouth. "Of course, it was-" she hesitated, blinking rapidly as her mind groped about like a hand fumbling in the dark.
“Well,” Holmes parroted, unaffected.
"So your abilities grow with age?"
It was a good thing he had been seated, or else he would have staggered beneath the sudden weight as Holmes sent his conscious careening towards Watson with the speed of a runaway freighter. As it was, he found himself having to pull his own awareness back slightly, least he be momentarily overwhelmed.
He nodded gravely. “From the silver cuffs left on the bed. The leather had been carved with binding runes; such spells are used to hold evil creatures. When the police report stated that the bodies recovered from the church yard were drained of blood, we knew it must be a vampire, and likely the same one that killed Nelson Langley a month ago.” His eyes narrowed sharply. “I was uncertain how much you truly knew of the business.”
Sturgerson hurried over and peered at Holmes intently. “It does appear to be fugue,” he agreed. “Let me fetch the elder Mister Holmes, he has a better understanding of the condition than myself-”
"That's not enough for you, is it?"
"Weeks..." Holmes muttered, his eyes narrowed in thought.
Watson nodded and set to work, wrapping up the mess in the leftover sheet, ashes crumbling into a shapeless mass at the center. He tied it in a knot and set it aside. “We can take it with us when we leave. What next?"
Holmes put rather long odds against that but saw no benefit in sharing such an opinion, however correct it was likely to be. "Is there a way to send a secure message to you? If you are under observation, I will not make a habit of calling."
. He knew what his dreams meant and he followed me anyway, even to his own death. He followed me and said nothing of his fear."
"Just until the thrall fades," Watson said. Mycroft's eyes flash dangerously, but he nodded.
It was an illuminating bit of information, and Holmes filed it carefully away. To Newman he offered only a cocky, crooked smile. "I have not lived so long in this profession by waiting to be saved," he countered, though unfortunately that was exactly what he must do, this time.
advantage to being a thrall, aside from being able to resist the minds of other vampires."
Holmes gave Mycroft his full attention, because his brother would not sport about such things. Point in fact, Mycroft never sported about anything. Ever.
will, yet I do not know if it is simply my own desires being spoken through your lips. As such, I cannot trust myself either."
“Oh, oh I am sorry-” he babbled, barring Holmes' path, "we are closing for the day – a family emergency, you understand...”
The door to the inner room was locked but that hardly made a difference. Holmes did not believe in letting locked doors impede the progress of science and certainly not in his own home. He made quick work of it, bent on one knee with his lockpick tools set out in a line before him. Then he pushed the door open and stepped through.
It was an indeterminable amount of time later before the door scraped open again, lantern light blinding after the utter darkness of stone and mortar.
"Nothing is unimportant," Holmes told him, "and there is nothing I can do for any potential client who refuses to be honest with me." There were many things he could add to this. He could explain himself, lay out his reasoning like clothes on a washing line. He could tell the doctor why his secrecy was both detrimental and unwelcome, and reveal the myriad ways his brief story did not add up with Holmes' observations. But he did not. He had stated the crux of the matter; everything else was minutia. If Jackson wanted to value his secrets over his life, that was his own choice. Holmes did not like dealing with dishonest people anyway.
Holmes did look at him then, gaze shrewd and knowing. "And achieve what? Consider the ramifications if he actually succeeded in finding you."
"Good," Watson said. Then, “How long were you and he together?"
"I'm sure you do," he replied, and seemed to be trying very hard not to appear skeptical about the wiseness of whatever Holmes was planning. "Will you be using one of your disguises?"
"You really should sleep," Watson advised, abandoning all pretense. "You're still missing two pints of blood. It’s a miracle you’re not unconscious."
"I want nothing from you!" Holmes snapped, hand slamming down and upsetting the beakers of liquid, words more vicious than he'd intended. A moment later he breathed deeply and spun away from the table, grabbing for his pipe. "I am not hungry," he said in a dampened tone.
Several emotions flickered over the priest's face as he glanced from Holmes to the staircase and back again, settling finally in stern puzzlement. “What are you doing here, Mister Blevins?” he demanded, voice even and controlled but holding within it a sinister edge.
"W-whether I am bound for heaven or hell...is not for you to decide, nor by your hand will my course be reversed. “
“I don’t know what got Kramer killed,” the man said, and Holmes at least believed that much.
“It’s all right, she won’t notice me.”
“That was weeks ago.”
It had been two days. Even the Yard would have been able to put
"Possibly. Though a more pertinent question is if."
Watson stared down at Holmes and marveled. Whatever he had been expecting, it had certainly not been
"Yes. She swooned when the constable came. What has Montressor to say?"
Holmes forced his own features into a mocking smile. "What an interesting brand of Christianity you've been practicing," he remarked, throat dry as dust and voice scraping. The impertinence earned him nothing but another slap.
"No sign of him yet," Lestrade replied, which was wholly unsurprising given no such man existed. "No one even knew the vicar had a son, and we've no idea where he might have disappeared to."
“Come brother. You may be head of the Diogenes, but it is not a monarchy, and I cannot believe your fellow slayers were in any way eager to have a thrall staying in their inner sanctum.”
Mycroft snorted into his drink. “That depends entirely upon what you plan to achieve.”
Watson swallowed, and he
"Excellent. What of the priest, Newman?"
Watson eyed the flames warily, took another step back. “What next then? Meet at your place?”
Mycroft stared hard at him, face unreadable as a stone wall. "Eat," is all he said, then left.
“You’ve a right to be angry, Holmes.”
“Shh, it is all right,” Holmes soothed, “I am here to help.” He knelt to examine the rings and found them securely locked but that was solved easily enough; Newman undoubtedly had the keys upon his person.
"Coincidence, no. It is certain the body was meant to be found. If not by us, then by this "Prince" of yours. The enemy has announced themselves.”
“No,” he said unhappily, “it does not.”
Holmes eschewed the tedium of exchanging pleasantries and got straight to the point. “You have questions. I shall attempt to answer them as best I am able."
"The last six hours or so?" he asked. "There is a contingency of course, but it would require me to tell the truth and I've become rather fond of subverting it these last few weeks." His higher mind reminded him he probably shouldn't be goading a vampire, but he was under pressure and out of time and both of those things were indirectly Watson's fault, so.
"Have you met any other of your kin over the long years?" Holmes asked, refilling his pipe.
evil? Will you, after all is said and done, turn me over to the law or the church?"
"That was my intention," Holmes admitted.
"Ammonium hydroxide," he said suddenly. "I am a fool to not have thought of it before."
"Thank you," Holmes said in genuine relief and gratitude. Mycroft knew how he felt about hospitals.
Watson shuddered again. What Holmes said actually did make a fair bit of sense, in a fashion. But that did not mean he was comfortable with the idea. "I still don't like the thought of a 'thing' being inside me..."
arson,” Holmes reminded him lightly, sweeping a satisfied gaze around the room.
"Don't you
Holmes next went in search of the elusive Doctor Jackson.
“There were traces of gunpowder on his hands," Holmes agreed. “What did you do with the weapon?”
Holmes turned back to the building, regarding his handiwork with a grave expression. Then he went to wake the neighbors.
No, this man had not been killed for any material benefit.
Holmes pulled out his pipe and shag from a coat pocket, filling the clay bowl and setting it alight. "If there are things that defy science," he began, "then science must expand it's embrace. I do not know that there is a God but if there is, and if he is indeed responsible for the creation of the world and its heavens, then there must a system to it: order and method, rule and reason. If there is no God, there are still rules. The sun sets, the stars rise. Your heart beats, albeit slowly. You age slowly and heal quickly; these are not contradictory properties. You are nocturnal, and cannot bear the sun. If your condition is more acute than other nighttime creatures, it is not without precedent. Your strength and endurance have increased, I wager your other senses have enhanced accordingly. None of that is unusual for an apex predator, which you certainly are."
The Earth turned, the sun rose and Watson sank into darkness. If only it were always so easy.
"Father Deighton believes you can be turned from the path of sin," Newman continued, seeming unbothered by the silence. "And I believe him. Will you let me help you overcome your earthly fears, and embrace the love of God?"
"You are not dead, and he has gone so far as to agree to let you visit again. That is as good an outcome as we could have hoped," Holmes reminded him.
Watson refused to be rebuffed. He’d had time to think before coming over and he knew his own mind. He wanted to be of use to Holmes, and
“Watson! There you are at last. Kiss me,” he demanded, and did not wait for a response, his lips suddenly warm against Watson’s own while all around them Holmes’ emotions churned and raged like a maelstrom; Watson was dizzy with the sheer force of his passion, its unfathomable depth. And who could have guessed that Holmes of all men would have such feeling hidden within him?
"I'm so sorry,” she replied regretfully, “I'm afraid I don't remember very much at all.”
Watson leaned back in his chair and crossed his arms, watching the patrons of the bar as they scuttled about their infinitesimal lives. "I used to attend evening Mass, to keep up appearances. One night, over a month ago, Newman pulled me aside after the service for a quiet word."
“I know more now than I did five minutes ago. Your role in government, the one you created for yourself. I have always known you did more than audit books and dispense wisdom. Nor is this a mere gentleman’s club for misanthropic recluses. You safeguard London’s borders from vampiric threats, and this place is your sanctum sanctorum. That is why the spoken word is forbidden, is it not? What better way to avoid falling victim to a vampire's Order than to disallow speech? How many of the men here are vampire hunters by night?”
No trigger warnings
"Mister Holmes, I cast my suspicions in the kindest light possible. I do not wish to believe members of our congregation are hiring people to kill each other."
"You are quite brave to have taken up the position," Holmes said admiringly, and she blushed under the praise.
Watson was late. Not that there had been any specified time for his arrival at the Diogenes, but he didn’t like being away from Holmes longer than necessary. Consequently, that meant he’d been obliged to feed, because within the walls of the Diogenes blood sharing was forbidden and Watson found it difficult enough to abstain without also being hungry.
“We are not discussing my sins, Mister Holmes, only yours.”
It was in the papers!" She gave a small giggle and pulled back, pleased as any child to share her secret wisdom.
Holmes considered all that carefully. "If Langley was reporting back to Newman then he now knows where you live and work. However," - Holmes indicated the corpse - "this man is a stranger to you. As an attempt to frame you,  it would have gone better to have targeted someone familiar, such as a patient. That is a good sign. It means he still doesn't know very much about you at all."  He tossed a brief glance Watson's direction. "I would have cautioned you against working for the Yard, your increased visibility here compounds not only the risk to yourself but to me as well."
But there Holmes was in true error. Watson
Yet he was prepared to fall asleep in the detective’s house anyway, and hoped Holmes understood what it meant; the trust Watson was willing to extend. Perhaps it would mean something to the detective. Perhaps not.
"A man so resilient to physical pain is a man familiar with suffering," the vicar cut in. “And you do suffer, do you not, Mister Holmes? Would not confession be better than this constant spiritual torment? How many morals have you compromised these past few weeks, for the sake of a creature renounced from God’s love?"
fight them, doctor, with or without you. Thus if you are concerned for my welfare, the sensible thing would be to let me assist you in your endeavors. Whatever my chances against such a foe, they will be exponentially increased with you by my side. Let us continue our partnership until the threat has passed."
Mycroft sighed and left, shutting the door behind him.
“Yes, yes, all right,” he pouted, giving up with a huff that made Watson want to kiss him again.
"Fascinating," he replied, and then because Watson's blood was still flowing freely, he raised his arm to his lips and drank.
“I’m sorry, I didn’t think-”
scrawled Mycroft's’ business address at St. James across the top and handed it to the nurse, begging her to send it off as quick as she could manage, dear lady.
But Holmes was staring glassy-eyed at the ceiling, humming a broken melody and paying Watson no attention at all. He felt suddenly like an impostor, a wreaking ball that had crashed into Holmes’ life and put everything to ruin, left him bleeding in a hospital bed, that brilliant mind too addled by drug to be of any use at all.
"Yes, yes, they would have knowledge and wealth, certainly. And they would be utterly indebted for it; bound to whichever sire and clan gave them such riches. Chained by whatever societal rules govern these creatures. Taught to play the Great Game, and woe should they refuse. From the perspective of a vampire which shunned such a society, you were given a great gift, though it came at a price to yourself." He leaned in, "
The doctor's mouth curved into a smile, and Holmes found himself studying the strange lack of creases on the vampire's face, the way his skin lay perfectly smooth, no laugh lines or wrinkles, no gravity pulling the skin inevitably downward. It was as though he'd been carved from marble, hard and pale and pure.
“All right then,” Watson said, though there was still a lingering reticence about his character.
Watson dragged them both over to the settee and fell down with Holmes still in his arms, the detective laying half atop him. "It's the thrall. It seems - it seems to intensify emotional attachments," he added finally, and Holmes glanced up.
injure; though it would have to be a prolonged exposure to inflict real damage," Holmes commented, steering the discussion down more interesting and less melancholy paths.
“If there were questions Stamford did not wish you to ask, things he did not wish you to know...he had ways of making certain you did not ask them, and did not know them.”
He held up a pale hand for inspection; a reddened mark like a burn arced across his palm. "From his crucifix," he explained. "And the bullet struck my arm. Painful, but I've had the day to heal and he missed my heart. Terrible aim, honestly."
Holmes sighed and let his head slip down onto the back of the settee, already missing him.
Watson did not let himself ruminate over those first words too deeply. "Have you been in the hospital before, for such severe injuries?" He doubted it; he would surely have heard of such a disaster from Stamford.
"Do you consider men inherently evil then, or are they good? Or neither? To each man his own? You work with the law and investigate crime. I imagine you have seen more than a lifetime's worth of evil, enough you may be qualified to make a such a judgement."
Until now.
"If I didn't think I could learn anything I wouldn't bother. There are half a dozen other places I am needed."
Mycroft’s glowering face roiled like a thunder cloud. “Of course not, you’re a thrall.” He turned and spat upon the carpet. “Pathetic. Why did he send you here?"
Watson had passed the day in an abandoned mill by the waterfront and woke in early evening just before dusk, as the last fading rays of twilight struggled to pierce the black London air and the smoke stacks were still churning out filth, coating everything in a fine layer of coal soot and sin. He brushed the dust from his jacket, stretched the stiffness from his limbs and headed towards Baker Street, Holmes’ name an ever-present echo in his mind.
"I can hear him struggling inside..." Watson said, head cocked to the side.
Watson’s eyes flicked open, and the monster was there, just under the surface. But so was the Doctor.
"I do not wish you to put yourself at risk either. But if we do not go, he has made it clear he will consider it an act of war. Had we more time I would advise you to make yourself scarce a week or two until the thrall fades; should I plead my case to him in my rational mind he would better listen. But we cannot say what will happen between now and then."
"Your disguises are rather good," Watson conceded. "Tell me more. What do you suspect is going on?"
"And did you, by chance, lose any clients from the church shortly before Newman confronted you?"
At this point Mycroft broke in, tone ponderous as ever but Holmes, who knew him as well as any man alive, could hear the subtle traces of agitation. His brother’s mind was fast at work, however untroubled his outward appearance. “The chief evidence is the crest itself; no one outside the Ó Muircheartaigh clan would have reason to use it, and James Moriarty was the last of his line.”
"He would be dead, and I would be gone," Watson said flatly.
They stared at him with wide, startled eyes, hastily nodding their assurances and Holmes did not doubt them. They had grown up on the harsh London streets and that was a life that came with a certain measure of self-preservation, an instinct for knowing when troubles could be overcome and when they were best avoided.
"It is now," Holmes replied, and it was part of the reason he did not want the thrall to fade. Because on the other side there was only pain, and memories to cripple a man.
“Things are moving swiftly now; you must use the utmost caution from here on. Keep an eye on the clergy house, but you are
“And starving yourself will somehow remedy the situation?” Holmes snipped.
know. Have you ever met a vampire as old as yourself?"
soul?” The words came out messy and slurred, tongue thick inside his mouth. His lips felt numb.
To his credit, the priest didn't deny it, this time. "Langley was trying to put all that behind him, and walk a more righteous path."
"And then he sent him after Jackson," Lestrade concluded. He sighed, setting his hat back on his head. "Madness. But given near everyone involved is dead or awaiting trial, I suppose speculation is pointless.”
Clark fetched the strange device, then waited with practiced patience to see if Holmes required anything further. Holmes let him stand there in silence for a few moments like a bounder before finally taking pity on him.
bible some time. You will find it most illuminating."
"Goodbye Mycroft," Holmes said fondly.
Holmes eyed Lestrade with faint amusement, condescension crimping the corners of his mouth. No words were necessary; even Lestrade could tell what he was thinking.
"New blood," Watson muttered to himself, scoffing. "But what is he killing them for? What is he getting out of it save a- a demented thrill?" He glanced at Holmes from the corner of his eye. "You should sit down."
“We’ve no reason to suspect anyone but the vicar and Newman. No one else was allowed inside the clergy house aside from the maid, and she weren't permitted upstairs." He shook his head, rubbing at his face. Lestrade was a practical man but he was also devout; this case had rattled him rather more than he cared to admit. "A vicar, murdering half a dozen people, and for what reason? To "save" their souls? It's depraved. And his own son a prisoner!"
Trigger warnings for: blood,  descriptions of injury
“Do you plan to use it to incriminate Newman?”
"Brother?" The vicar asked, eyebrows twitching in confusion, but Newman only hurried on.
“You died a hundred years ago,” Holmes pointed out with disconcerting cheer.
it?” Watson asked.
"Understand I am not defending the doctor; such explanations do not absolve him of the guilt of his actions. However, they do reveal him to be mortal. My I speak with your wife?"
The mind was a strange and folded space, and did not often follow the rules of logic that guided the material world. Thus after diving beneath the turbulent waves Watson was unsurprised to find himself not underwater, but in a library; a vast, cavernous place of alternating light and shadow. Here everything was still, quiet and peaceful and he felt far removed from the pounding chaos above.
"I suppose so," he agreed without much conviction. "But what are you going to do with yourself if your brother refuses to let you out of doors? He must know every thrall in London is going to be searching for you."
Men were given premonitions for a reason.
The sun was courting the western horizon by the time Holmes reached Montressor's shop, spiked shadows growing long against the sides of the buildings and people hurrying to finish the last of their errands before the shops closed for the evening.
"I - I didn't realize how profound a feeling it would be," he said. "I find myself wishing not to leave him. I could not bear the thought of putting him in danger, or sending him away to serve as a spy in another city, as Newman had been. He is-" Watson paused, taking a breath he did not need, “he is dear to me.”
Holmes was nearly purring, eyes heavy-lidded and body laying languid against his own and he looked shatteringly beautiful, a dusky-hued angel made flesh and blood.
Well, that put things into a certain perspective. "Ne'er met a man who wasn't afeared 'o somethin’."
“Your brand of ‘hospitality’ would have me bleeding to death in a cellar. Under what ‘false pretense’ have you lured so many men to their deaths?”
There was a different constable on watch with a different paper, this one proclaiming itself to be an evening edition.
It had hurt, is what Watson meant, and Holmes nodded in silent commiseration. Holmes himself had only come close to dying, and that was unpleasant enough. "I imagine your survival came with a great deal of trial and error in the beginning. And in what way is it disappointing? I am asking about your experiences; you are answering truthfully. That is all that can be expected."
The next morning when Holmes visited the church it was as himself, though on the whole he appeared more assembled than was his habit; cravat rumpled but tied, and hair slightly less rebellious than usual. It was as close as he got to formality these days (not that he'd ever given much of a damn about it anyway).
"Lestrade does not pay me at all. When called upon by the Yard my usual fee is waived in service of the crown."
"Indeed, it is that point on which I have come to inquire. Do you know where he is? His shop is closed and locked."
That proved too much for Watson. "
"Surface thoughts are easy," Watson said with a wave of his hand. "You're curious but skeptical. Anything deeper - I don't like to do, if I can help it. It's...rude."
, and not myself."
There's no journal entry to this chapter because it's a very long story and making separate entries for each chapter would get tedious very quickly. We'll add them whenever we feel Watson has something relevant to say that can't be found in the chapter itself.
He didn’t hear the doctor leave.
Jackson stared at Holmes intensely as he spoke, eyes like banked coals.
“Shall I? And what archaic knowledge is it that you wish to bestow?”
Holmes sighed, a heavy weight attached to the end of it and Watson squirmed, hating that he did so, hating whatever power Holmes seemed to have over him, and the ease with which his body betrayed him whenever it found itself in the detective's proximity.
"Yes, always just here," she affirmed. "I’d lay on the bed in his clinic room with this arm hanging free. He would give me a little chloroform for the pain, and to relax me. Then he would cut and let the bad blood drain away. I always swooned- I thought it was my delicate constitution."
Sturgerson smiled slightly. “He believes in his own experience, and what he sees. His experience has not been pleasant, and what he sees are bodies.”
He led them both over to the fire, took a seat, and started to speak.
Holmes smiled wryly with his eyes still closed. "Apologies, my dear Watson. I can control the direction of the thoughts, but not the flow. Observe-" he opened his eyes, turning his attention to Watson’s wardrobe.
Mycroft looked mildly surprised, which meant his shock must be great indeed. “Fifty years? Unlikely. The Diogenes would have found his victims long before now. He is surely lying to you; these creatures do little else.”
He stood as Holmes drew near and was pleased to discover the man no longer smelled of pigeons. "You've washed," he noted, and found himself smiling for no good reason.
"I am certain you will manage," he replied as carelessly as if Watson had been commenting on the weather.
Deighton sighed sadly and stood up with a regretful shake of his head. Without even needing a word, Newman came at him and smashed the cudgel into the side of Holmes' knee.
“And what did you find?”
The first entry was dated nearly a year beforehand, and contained the most prosaic of writings; exactly what Holmes might expect from a fervently devout but ultimately uninspired man such as the vicar. The chief of it contained prayers, plans for the church, and insipid musings on the nature of the soul which were not nearly so consequential as the dear departed reverend seemed to think.
Watson watched him go, and then, overcome with exhaustion from the rising sun, swiftly made his way to his sleeping place, secured the door from the inside, and went to bed.
"I - yes, I can find some. Let me do this first." He leaned over Holmes' knee and pulled up his sleeve, biting his wrist again, sharp fangs sinking down into the pale, thin skin. Carefully he let a small measure of blood dribble into the wound, pulling away after a few drops. "I don't want to heal too much," he said with regret. "Not only will it make the story less believable, but there is a risk to you as well."
"I know Father Newman came to Saint Cyprian's church a little over three months ago. I know shortly after that, the unfortunates in the area began disappearing with greater frequency. I know those destitutes who make their home around the church refuse to step foot in the place, hence why Blevins - a stranger to the area - was singled out. I know a channel was recently cut into the stone floor of the secret room in the cellar, and iron rings fastened to the wall. The maid leaves before dusk, the parrot is kept in the shed, and there are no visitors to the clergy house after nightfall. And finally, I know Father Newman took entirely too keen of an interest in
"Well, it remains to be seen if the reverend has your exceptional olfactory glands but even if he did, as you've pointed out; I have washed since he last knew me."
Holmes gave a small huff of almost laughter. "I do not discount the possibility, but thus far I have seen no evidence of its existence."
"Oh Holmes," Watson said, and he sounded as though his heart would break. He held him close and kissed him again. "I don't
"Why!?" she asked harshly. "You've sent my husband to the gallows!"
“Only three?”
"Quite," he bit out.
"And you aren't?"
"Were you the only one she gave immortal death to on the battlefield?" Holmes was invested now; avid, calculating, examining everything Watson gave him with keen focus.
She looked up at her husband then, and a tiny spark of hope flared in his eyes as they exchanged glances.
"I can make him dream of fire, if you wish," he offered.
"There are many scientific phenomena,” Holmes answered dismissively. “The existence of one does not negate the existence of another. In fact, the possibility of such increases exponentially."
Watson went back to work, finished his report, started another. Dissected bodies with professional indifference, cold hands sorting through intestines like rummaging through file drawers. He weighed organs, split open stomachs, examined bullet holes...and thought too much about Sherlock Holmes.
“Stamford spoke to me of your fugues, in my capacity as a doctor of course. I couldn’t tell him much, as I had not witnessed such an episode myself. What happens?”
Holmes’ hand tightened around his makeshift weapon as he made his way quietly down.
He knew Watson looked toward that end with trepidation, fearing Holmes would hate and despise him for it all but it was an illusory fear that held no weight behind it. This had been done at his behest, even over Watson’s objections. His regard for the doctor may sink back down to one of mere respect and scientific fascination, but Holmes could not blame him for choices made of his own free will, however unforeseen the consequences.
"All right now,” he said, trying to decide on the best way to covey within the limits of the English language abstract concepts that had no real explanation, “close your eyes and then- then feel for me with your mind. Think in the direction of my voice and focus your thoughts towards me."
"You will join me in the library after breakfast,” he said shortly, not bothering to offer any of the usual such pleasantries of “How are you feeling” or “I hope you slept well” etc., etc., all quite tedious. Mycroft had answered all those questions for himself with that brief look.
"You have a case for me," Holmes said impatiently, ignoring the question as always.
"Yes of course you will," Watson said firmly. "I’m a doctor. And the pile of ash looks like a body; it's obvious enough it's an immolated corpse."
"Yes," Holmes breathed, arching his neck in invitation and the pulse thrumming there begged for Watson’s teeth, “drink.” Neither of them seemed to remember that this was meant to be a minimum thrall, done to the barest amount necessary to get Holmes back on his feet.
Holmes quieted him with a beneficent wave of his hand. “No, you are quite right. There is certainly a game...but I’ve not the faintest idea as to the end he is playing towards.”
"I do not know where he sleeps, but he is the least of your concerns. You are aware, are you not, that the vicar who died had a son who was a vampire?”
Watson gripped his shoulder in alarm. "Holmes-"
"I've never seen you before," the vicar said, leading Holmes past the chancel and into the back where a small warm kitchen resided, popping fire heating the stone walls and floor. "I am Father Deighton. What is your sad tale? If you have not been long in despair perhaps help can save you before it's too late."
"Yes," Holmes answered, snapping the pouch closed again. "Were the church doors locked last night?"
So he was.
"Here, you may read them for yourself. Perhaps you will see something in them I have overlooked."
"That's a stimulant," Watson mused. "One would think
Holmes sighed and acquiesced, because his brother was all the family he had left, and in many ways had always been as much a parent to him as their own mother and father. And in some ways more so.
"I had long feared for Mister Langley's well-being. As I said, he was a troubled man. But I had no reason to assume he would be murdered. I will not lie and say he bought joy and happiness to all who knew him, but nor can I believe he was capable of incurring the sort of enmity that would have cost him his life."
"I hope this is morphine," he said, as he brought it over, squinting down at it and Holmes craned his neck for a better view, felt a sharp twinge in his chest as he moved.
“Have you not always cautioned me against twisting facts to suit theories, instead of theories to suit facts?”
“He was wary of them,” Holmes replied honestly, “but if he had either knowledge or suspicions as to what was going on, he did not share them with me. But it is certainly true that the vicar campaigned very hard for me to believe the doctor himself was behind the disappearances around the church.”
An erroneous assumption to say the least.
. But Holmes was acting as if the whole thing were a nuisance, a distraction from the great importance of his work - despite the fact that the meeting had been arranged by the man himself. (More frustratingly, he was starting to make Watson feel it, too.) "My former client - I managed to speak with her yesterday evening. Her husband is the one who ordered her to stop coming to my practice. She says he thinks that we were involved in an affair together. I find it suspicious the man himself did not confront me, if that were the case."
church, stranger.”
Holmes sighed loudly at the fools the world insisted he suffer. “Chiefly, the contents of his stomach.”
The Old Kerry Clan of Ó Muircheartaigh
"Have you a better idea? I am quite open to suggestion."
William Stamford had been dead for six months, and Holmes blamed himself every single day. He hardly needed a ghoul coming to his door to remind him.
Holmes was waiting for him, his chair drawn up to the fire and a pipe held at a contemplative angle between his teeth. He looked up as Watson landed softly upon the rug and smiled, though some subtle tension in his face gave Watson pause, and a faint worry wrapped itself around his heart like a glove.
Holmes stomach flipped over as Watson sprang out the window, his senses assaulted by the pungent night air, the various stenches that wafted in from all over London; the squalor and the refuse and the burning coal, all covered by the low, fetid stench of the river.  Watson took instantly to the rooftops, the air no more fresh but at least less malodorous.
Holmes
Deighton smiled benevolently. "Speak freely my son, and know peace.”
"I have taken great care to ensure that we have not been seen together so far, nor have I mentioned your name - there's a point, by the way. You'll be wanting a new alias; I am aware the public at large does not know you as Watson." He accepted the tea and drank deeply, his thirst evident.
“It’s all right,” Watson said softly, sensing the direction of his thoughts. He pulled off his bracers and shoes and lay down beside him, mattress dipping under his weight.
He found Watson standing in the darkness of the sitting room, reading one of the many discarded newspapers Holmes had laying about and perfectly unbothered by the lack of light.
"It will serve the case far better in my hands than sitting in an evidence room," Holmes replied airily, not the slightest bit ashamed.
"Disappointing because I have little information to give," Watson replied with a soft laugh. "After I turned, those first few nights - I survived only through instinct; knowing without lesson how to feed, how to find shelter from the sun."
On the other side of the wall, Montressor's voice sounded high and frantic. "The "doctor"?
The book Mycroft presented was old but not terribly so, three volumes thick and hand written with great care, illuminated letters and fine Celtic scrollwork adorning their margins. It was clearly a labor of dedicated love.
The first thing of course was to stanch the bleeding. The bullet hit far enough to the side it had not struck any arteries, and was doing a tolerable job of helping to slow the flow of blood itself but there was enough of him on the floor already. He would need every drop, if he was going to survive this.
Holmes kept his opinions on that to himself, scattering the feed and making soft, cooing noises at the birds while they pecked happily at the ground.
Holmes lifted his chin, "Perhaps, but that is not why you are here. Oh, I've no doubt someone is after you, but that is not the chief reason you have sought me out, nor revealed yourself to me. I have already told you I do not take cases in which my clients are not completely honest with me; it is entirely too easy to end up on the wrong side of morality if I do."
“It’s the same as Langley, right?” Holmes did not stop for him and so Lestrade was obliged to follow after, still talking. “A body drained of blood with two holes in his neck. Some madman’s running through London thinking he’s a bloody vampire and now he’s killed again. It’s the same bloke, ain’t it?”
Watson fretted a bit and chewed at his lip, intimately aware that Holmes thought far more highly of his moral capacity than himself. But to refuse was to leave Holmes defenseless. "If... if you truly wish this, then write down a list of things you refuse to do, things you would not forgive me for if I accidentally order you to do something. I shouldn't even speak with you honestly, once it's done."
"I will come every night," he promised.
trigger warning: a little blood, a bit of light torture.
Watson’s words came back to him.
"It would take an incredible amount of effort," Watson clarified. "They would have to dominate your mind first, which would be difficult, and then feed you enough of their own blood to counteract mine. For a vampire it is hardly worth the trouble, as humans are plentiful."
Holmes darted forward to catch her, sinking them gently to the ground as the officer brought Montressor out, hands clasped in darbies behind him.  "Lucy!" he wailed, fighting against the officer to try and reach her. "My wife- let me talk to my wife!"
That did the trick and Watson gave in, letting Holmes have his way, which involved a good deal more kissing. They passed several engrossing minutes or so in that manner, and then Holmes stopped rather abruptly.
He could not separate himself from Holmes. He had tried.
As with many of the old Irish families, the end of the Ó Muircheartaigh line was a tragic one. Though their clan had thrived for many generations there by the river, the English and Norman invasions and the subsequent centuries of British rule had seen the once mighty family dwindle in both number and influence, until only a handful remained. The surname itself was not uncommon in Ireland – having derived from several similar names of various spellings over the long years – but the last direct descendant of the Ó Muircheartaigh’s whose crest bore the castle and serpent had been Séamus Moriarty (anglicized, James) a man who had lived more than 300 years previous. He disappeared one night on a hunting trip and the body never recovered. A few days later the rest of his party went home in boxes, their own bodies mutilated and drained of blood.
"Why?" he asked, concern settling over his face like a shroud. "What do you think has happened to her?"
"You remembered Jackson's name easily enough," he countered.
“And what of Mrs. Hudson’s mind?”
“Mister Blevins was not allowed in house proper,” Newman said in a frosted tone, the first emotion he'd shown since Holmes arrived. “He broke in once in an attempt to rob the place. He was caught, and Father Deighton forgave him. But after that he was refused admittance until he had properly repented.”
“Near Charring Cross.”
"Well then," he said, still struggling to define the feeling that had taken root inside him, "I suppose we should look to the city's defenses. You're the strategist, what do you propose?"
He’d gone nearly feral with anger, realizing Holmes had likely been tortured for the whole of the day while he slept, undisturbed and unaware, safe in the garret room at Baker Street. The only thing that kept him tethered to reason, kept him from leaping back up the stairs and tearing their bodies to pieces was the fact that Holmes still lived, and needed Watson to be rational.
There were of course at least half a dozen ways a man might hide his pulse, at least for a short while. Three of them would require the doctor to be unconscious. Of those remaining the first involved meditation and the effect was temporary; it certainly would not last through the lengthy conversation they’d had. The second required an extensive knowledge of South American plants and would have left the pupils dilated, which they were not. The third would be achieved through the use of makeup and a thin prosthetic covering the wrist, but there had been none.
Mycroft nodded gravely. “The only logical conclusions to be drawn was that something had gone wrong...or the affliction my brother suffered was not thrall. I immediately contacted several other societies such as ours in various cities on the continent, and yesterday received via special courier correspondence from a slayer coven in Amsterdam, who’s leader is quite knowledgeable in the arcane lore surrounding vampires.”
"This is true, “ Newman agreed, fixing Holmes with his strange gaze, “which is why a true confession is hard to come by. When His judgment is nigh, every man becomes a devout servant of God.”
doctor) was being threatened, and Holmes did not underestimate his brother. All those layers of fat and idleness and aloof laziness were there to hide something, something that didn't give when you pushed against it. Something that pushed back with the force of an ocean when it was exposed. His brother had almost reached that tipping point and thus, Holmes did something he had never done in his life.
apologize, you would do better credit to the words if you saved them until after the thrall has ended, and I am myself again.”
“No,” Watson admitted, “but I feel as though I bear a certain amount of responsibility for all that has happened since. Though at least in this particular instance, I was not the source of your danger.”
Holmes winced internally. He knew what Mycroft was doing, of course, because in his brother's place he would do the same. That did not mean he enjoyed bearing witness to it.
between school, kids, homework and election anxiety, this chapter is very, very late. Sorry.
They arrived at Scotland Yard sometime later, after Holmes had satisfied his curiosity on a few minor points of interest and thus given the coroner proper time to examine the corpse. Holmes spared no notice for the panoply of the Yard, heading toward the morgue with a single-minded focus. Outside the door that would lead them to the inner room of the mortuary Lestrade flashed him a warning look, something between a threat and a plea.
, Watson. Not the brave soldier who died beside you, not the Colonel shot off his horse. You, a man who’s last act was in defiance of death and suffering. She created you and left you to either die or survive by your own abilities. She told you nothing, and in so doing assured you would never owe your own kind anything at all; no favors and no gratitude, no debts to be collected unless you brought them upon yourself. And perhaps she had observed you long enough to know you would not indenture yourself to them."
"My job," he said awkwardly. "I was kneeling down, trying to wrap a soldier's wound. I don't even remember who he was anymore. I do remember the sun was going down, and no one understood why we were still fighting. But neither side had called retreat yet."
"It appears to be a trend,” Holmes remarked, voice dry as a desert wind. “What other injuries on the body aside from the neck?"
"You agree then that it is coincidence, and not part of some vast conspiracy."
Holmes sighed and snatched them up.  It was a coroner's report, stamped with the official seal of Scotland Yard and dated only a few hours previous. According to official record, the corpse had been discovered floating face down in the shallow, fetid water at the river’s edge, lifeless body drained of blood and two tell-tale holes in his neck. There were no defensive wounds, and no other sign of struggle. Beyond those two small puncture marks at the jugular vein, the corpse had no other injuries, and a lack of water in the lungs made it clear that it had been dumped into the river post-mortem. The decomposition of the body pointed to it having been dead about two days.
Mycroft sighed and sat, nursing his own glass between his large hands, contemplating the amber colored liquor as he swirled it in a slow circle. “No doubt upon learning of the existence of vampires your first action was to engage in an extensive study of the occult,” he began, and Holmes nodded wordlessly. “I needn’t tell you then that the vast majority of the information available to the public on the topic is utter rubbish. Useless superstition and supposition; the deluded ramblings of bromidic men and swindlers who peddle their fancies as facts.”
That got Holmes' attention. "Hear their thoughts?" he echoed, leaning forward in rapt curiosity.
“Two men of God, if you still feel they warrant the title.”
Watson shrugged helplessly. "I'm not sure, both perhaps. I don't know if she somehow suspects something, and told her husband, who told Father Newman, or if it's the other way around..."
“Madman, yes. Murderer, no.”
is that what you are?” Holmes wheezed.
, brother, even though I cannot. He knows you are here, doesn't he? I should hold you here, and when he fails to come it would prove you are nothing to him. The danger here is too great to risk himself for a single thrall and he knows it. Instead, I am telling you to go - tell him to visit us here tonight. If neither of you shows by midnight, I shall assume the worst, and I
Holmes nodded in agreement, and already his face had smoothed out, pain lines not so deep as they had been. "I understand. It is a relief all the same."
“Then I fear the effort may be in vain. If the crest could not be found  there, then where?”
He was still screaming when the second blow landed on his shoulder again, and what had given before finally broke with a hollow crunch. The world went hazy and distant, body trembling like an autumn leaf and he thought he must be going into shock, his mind like a skein of yarn come unraveled, spinning giddily inside his head.
What followed was a thick and awkward silence, heavy with things unspoken but they were saved from the floundering conversation as the kettle shrieked like a steam engine and Watson grabbed it from the fire again, transferring it to the tea tray. His fingers came away from the hot metal with the barest tinge of pink - skin certainly not so red as it had been after he'd been marked by silver.
