Then a handful of dancing zombies parted just so, and Dean had never been so thankful for a glimpse of black pointy ears. He had to pause for a moment to take in the scene before him: the ears were moving with the rest of their wearers’ body, in a slow sinuous movement, not wholly on the body’s own.
“Hey guys,” Cas greeted easily. Sam huffed his amused little laugh as a mug of hot chocolate was handed to him.
“I love you, too, Cas,” Dean breathed after a moment, his heart beating irregularly at the gentle but stark confession even as he drifted off to a doze, using his angel as a pillow.
Dean had settled his feathered body on the bed next to his duffel bag of weapons, seemingly trying to get as close as he could to his normal persona. Sam and Cas were arguing.
leaves, I’m fresh out. And of course, one teensy little favor,” she summed up, shrewd gaze centered on Sam. The hunter merely raised his eyebrows, waiting for the rest.
Castiel is fascinated by emotions, though he cannot tell this to many of the other angels. He watched what happened to Anna when she got too caught up in the humans’ sentiments. But he tells himself he can stay detached, and just observe. He knows emotions are why these little creatures do almost everything that they do, and sometimes he thinks if Father would bother to pay attention to that, he could take better care of them. But it seems as if it doesn’t matter to Him one way or the other what happens to his creations lately, and Cas has to try not to let this fact bother him. It is not his place to question Father. It is his job to be a good son, and a good angel, and obey. Emotions are not part of his makeup by nature and maybe he's not supposed to understand them.
“Return to your haunting here,” Castiel’s voice rang out, bouncing against the stone walls. And Dean knew he must be holding back a little so that Dean wasn’t deafened.
The only lights on were those of the strings on the tree and the ones draped on the banister. It made for quite a dreamy, romantic glow, especially when it bathed Cas’s perfect skin in a luminescence that made Dean’s heart stop. That was how they’d ended up in this gloriously naughty position, Dean’s body asking, begging, to be filled up again, to give himself to his lover as one final present for the day.
How had Cas even done it as well as he had, Dean thought, battering his own soft palate, his lips and tongue already sore. Cas could do a lot of things that humans couldn’t, he reminded himself, he was able to take pain and discomfort that a mortal couldn’t cope with. These thoughts lent a new fervor to Dean’s actions, not willing to be upstaged by an angel in the matter of blowjobs. He began working his hand up and down the other half of Cas’s cock that there was absolutely no way he was going to fit into his mouth, and the angel’s leg muscles began to tremble. Hell, he was closer than Dean had been counting on.
Since that day that had derailed Dean’s buried emotions, Cas hadn’t seemed to be following him around as much as he used to. When they were in the same room, Dean would try to surreptitiously catch his eye but Cas wouldn’t play ball, even though Dean could sense that intense gaze boring into him whenever he’d look away.
“Beats me, man,” Dean replied, loading up a plate with mini corn dogs. Sam had apparently decided Dean was safe to be left alone, as he could see the tallest pirate in the room already starting to chat people up.
“I thought you’d never ask,” the whisper came, soft as a feather floating to the ground. Dean moved forward, as gently as he could, taking one last gulp with his eyes of Cas’s devotion shining back at him before he closed them and the distance between their lips. If this was what communion tasted like, he should have done it long ago. Cas’s lips responded to him instantly, eager and welcoming as Dean had rather figured they might be, but oh, it was unlike anything he’d been able to imagine. He’d read some questionable books in times of extreme boredom that likened a kiss to lightning, to sparks flying, and he’d scoffed at them. It was a kiss, not a car battery.
He then crawled up onto the bed and, feeling the need to be as close to Cas as possible, laid himself gently on top of the angel’s body, his naked chest wishing that Cas was shirtless too, and their now flaccid cocks pressed against each other in a sticky but not unpleasant way. Dean's head came to rest on Cas’s shoulder for a change and he was immediately wrapped in warm, steely arms.
“Oh shut up!” the goddess snapped. “I don’t care if you don’t like it, just keep going. We’re almost done and then you can go back to your wandering around here. Just make sure you do it right.” Dean took in every word, trying to make sense of them.
“But you pursue that activity a lot,” the angel said after a hearty sip, and this was not a conversation that Dean wanted to be having. “I was rather surprised you turned that lady down, to be honest.” Nope, not a conversation he wanted to have.
“Just track it,” he commanded in reply, and sat down next to Sam, not about to leave him alone until he did it. The pacing probably wasn’t helping his nerves anyway. Sam, with a curiously worried glance at his older brother, opened up a new tab and began working, but was not able to do so without commenting.
“I know, he still listens to tapes,” he shared in an insufferable tone to the chicken, for no discernible reason other than he must be going crazy. Without warning, the bird bent its neck over enough to stab Sam in the leg with that vicious looking beak.
“You really like them, don’t you?” he teased, causing Dean to actually blush, a rare accomplishment. He didn’t want his lover thinking it was some sort of kink he needed to be able to get off or anything, it was just…
As Cas drew the little black box out into the open, Dean fixed his eyes on his angel’s handsome visage, and his heart gave three wild thumps. Like they weren’t already engaged.
“If you liked the zoo here, wait till you see Columbus or San Diego,” Sam told him. Dean envisioned a lot of miles being walked in his future.
“Oh, how romantic!” the pretty woman that was in the seat next to the man exclaimed, her bright eyes bouncing appreciatively between the brothers. Dean didn’t even have the energy to spare to get offended at the implication, just closed his own eyes again and decided he would block out the world for the next several hours.
“You really love him, don’t you?” he had the gall to say out loud. Dean gritted his teeth and continued to focus on the polished wood grain of the table. He wasn’t about to answer something so foolish. Winchesters didn’t talk about feelings.
“If you were going to die, you would have had worse symptoms by now,” Emily tried to reassure him. She was training to be a nurse, so Dean put some stock in what she was saying. He also had to admire her understated sarcasm, which she wouldn’t have lasted around the Winchesters for very long without.
“Hey!” Even through denim, that was enough to smart. Sam had had enough. He began pushing at the chicken, encouraging it to exit the car though the passenger door. It hopped over at every shove of Sam’s hand, sure enough, but it also released an angry squawk with each hop. Sam wondered if all chickens were this stubborn, and he saw that the bird’s clawed feet were almost at the edge of the car’s seat.
His sharp ear heard the slightest footfall behind him, not quite in the doorway, and recognized it. Dean swiftly took a step almost into the goddess, his eyes boring into hers, and pivoted on his heel. As expected, she turned with him so that she kept him in her sights, her back now to Sam.
His hand carded through Cas’s soft hair, a smile playing on his lips as he watched his dick fill up the angel’s mouth, felt him take it in until he was almost choking, then draw back. Who knew Cas would be this into sucking cock, and Dean appreciated a ripple of hedonism for his part in Cas’s corruption.
“I think I do have business here in fact,” he returned, and tried a slow sidestep that would take him closer to the center of the room. Something told him this chick, while she might be powerful, wasn’t a fighter. So if he could just figure out why Cas was stuck...the goddess moved with him, continuing to block his way.
Dean's been wondering what this would feel like, and he knows he can trust Cas to take care of him. And some more wingkink, in rather a big way.
Cas’s eyes widened in turn, big soft pools that Dean could lose himself in if he wasn’t careful. He wasn’t feeling particularly careful lately.
She was there for him in a way that Dean couldn’t be, and it was so good to see his brother happy and have someone to confide in. He’d always been the one that needed that more. While Sam clearly worried about her being exposed to danger, she was no naive lamb and wasn’t about to be scared off.
“Of course,” Cas told him, and Sam had no qualms about leaving his brother with him. The angel already protected Dean like it was his job; no, more than that: like it was his mission in life, and Sam sometimes believed it had become just that.
Dean was distracted by his own partner leaning over him where he sat in the library and  pressing a kiss to the top of his hair. Jingle, jingle, jingle went the bell toy as Sam waved it back and forth in front of the kitten and she pounced on it with a scrambling of her sharp claws against the wooden floor. Bet the original Men of Letters never saw this coming in their bunker. Leave it to an angel.
"I need to settle something with a demon, and you have a little more rapport with them than I do,” Rowena told him, with a sideways glance at the impressive building they were in the parking lot of. Sam sighed. He’d known this wasn’t going to be good.
“Your phone,” Cas said, incongruently, and suddenly the sharp piercing made sense, stabbing through the fog in Dean’s mind. Phone. Somewhere in the front seat. The ringing stopped but then immediately started again. With an apologetic glance at Cas, Dean made himself clamber off his lap and back into the front seat.
He never in a million years thought he would find himself in this situation. The minutes seemed to be dragging on, Cas’s thumb frozen in place at his entrance, the angel’s breath hot on his shoulder blade, as if he wanted to make this last as long as possible. Or maybe he was thinking. Dean squeezed his eyes shut, willing Cas to get on with whatever he was going to do to him so it could just be over with.
“God I love you,” he had to say, his voice desperate with the truth of it. Cas’s smile grew wider, then gently withdrew, his gaze still soft though his expression had turned serious.
Dean wondered how far down this place could go, and had the thought that weren’t the catacombs under the streets in this city, as he snuck silently through now dim passages, hand on the hilt of his new knife. Whatever had brought Cas to the bowels of this church could not be benevolent. He came upon a small arched door made of some dark wood that looked like it would crumble on impact. A wail floated towards him from the other side, reminiscent of the organ whose soulful tones had died away the deeper Dean had descended. The door didn’t crumble against his shoulder, but it did only take two hits before he was through.
Maybe it was because Castiel was an angel, but sonofabitch if there wasn’t lightning. And thunder. And just...the closest thing to perfection that Dean had ever felt. He was trying to be careful, to hold himself back a little, with his logical brain barely hanging on. As their lips pressed and slid together in a dance that Dean had thought he knew until now, he was almost overcome by the pull of need wracking him. On some level, he was aware that his fingers were finally in Cas’s soft hair at the back of his skull, and that there was a beyond strong hand gripping his thigh. Dean’s body had slid forward naturally and blood was rapidly pumping to his groin that had somehow come to be almost flush with the angel’s.
Good fuck, Dean hated flying. He hated flying even more when it was going to be sixteen hours before he could even try to see where exactly his angel had gotten to, and when he knew there was a chance that Sam was right, that Cas might be there of his own accord and perfectly safe. But his gut was telling him otherwise, and the fact that Sam was buckling his seat belt in right next to him lent credence to this. Sam was a faithful brother, but he wouldn’t be down for this sudden trip, especially without a little more resistance, if his own hunter’s instincts hadn’t flared at least somewhat.
“Yes my cowboy,” Cas returned with a hint of a smirk, and didn’t that just make Dean’s pulse speed up a touch. He drew Cas away from Harley finally, finding some joy in the way her eyes fell as she had to let go of Cas’s arm.
“Please,” he mumbled, even though he didn’t know how his face had become buried in Cas’s chest. His lover could still hear him just fine. “Move. Fuck me. Please.”
Cas wandered over to the side of the library where Dean kept his liquor, watching the rooster out of the corner of his eye. He wasn’t sure why he poured himself a glass of whiskey, one glass wouldn’t do anything to alter his mood, it took a copious amount of alcohol to get an angel drunk. Perhaps it was a way to feel closer to the human Dean, since he couldn’t have a conversation with him right now, and could only watch as the rooster sullenly began pacing the landing of the stairs, all hints of a strut gone.
Then he was deafened by a screech as he began to take stock of his adversary, no, two adversaries. The one who had just made the ungodly sound had come to stand in front of Dean, and she was an imposing if relatively attractive female figure. Most of her black hair was tied up but plenty of it cascaded down onto her shoulders, one of which was bare with the simple brown frock she wore, the waist cinched with a rope. At a glance she didn’t look dangerous but there was an otherworldliness radiating off of her that Dean knew rather well. Goddess of some brand.
Dean knew this might be the oddest thing he’d ever said, turning down extra bacon, but he’d decided he had to start somewhere. It was one of his gifts to Cas, if unspoken; he’d said he wanted him forever. While Dean certainly couldn’t give him that, for the first time he had a reason to try to make responsible decisions concerning his health so that maybe he could be around for as long as he could be anyway. This whole eating better thing was a new concept and would be rough to get used to, but if that’s what made his man happy...
“That was truly magical,” Cas gushed as Dean started the engine, and he had to look over at his angel’s face. An angel of the Lord, with powers beyond anything most of humanity was capable of understanding, thought a zoo was magical. And this is why Dean loved him. With no warning, he lunged over the console to lay a quick kiss on Cas’s lips, leaving the guy gazing after him adorably as he planted his ass fully back in the driver’s seat.
Suddenly a nubile female with barely anything on is leading him away, and Dean is smiling wider than ever, and Cas knows he doesn’t want this. He’ll admit he’s been curious about sex, sure, but this feels wrong. The potential experience is not so important to him that he’s willing to overlook the lack of love between partners, and there is simply no way to establish that as quickly as what it seems this girl would like to. Cas tries a comforting gesture, telling her some good news about her past that he can sense, but she gets very upset with him, and Cas is left even more confused. But then Dean is there, with him, instead of with the female he’d been appropriating, rescuing Cas in this situation. The man’s arm seems tighter around his shoulders than usual as they stand in the alley behind the establishment and Cas would rather be here than in that overly scented room with that strange girl. He wishes her well. Everyone deserves real love, not a false version.
To Dean’s utter relief, Cas’s hand slid around his hip and the base of his seriously suffering dick. His movements weren’t smooth and his grip was a bit too tight but Dean was so desperate for release none of it mattered. The combination of being pounded into and any contact on his weeping cock was plenty.
Then, “What do you mean, weirder than normal?” he had to ask, undeniably nervous of the potential answer. But Sam did live with them, and if he had picked up on something, maybe it would be better to have it in the open. There was a longer pause as Sam shifted in the passenger seat, making himself more comfortable and his thoughts so loud Dean could almost hear him weighing them. Hours upon countless hours in a car with someone would do that to you.
It stood about two feet tall, and its sturdy bulk was a rather impressive presence in the confines of the car. Now that the bird was still, Sam could tell the feathers were a glossy mix of deep brown and auburn red mingled with some forest green that shimmered a bit in the morning sun. Towards its hind end, the feathers got darker and the tail was a plume of black and dark emerald green. As far as chickens went, it was rather nice looking.
Dean and Sam were only an hour from home, the job done, the spirit killed, and Dean had been driving all night. They’d had to beat it out of town when the local cops got a little too suspicious and they hadn’t stopped other than for gas to be on the safe side. Dean was exhausted, his eyelids close to drooping, and he knew he should let Sam take this last stretch. His thoughts were wired, though, keeping him somewhat alert.
“He’s not my keeper!” Dean was indignant but was swiftly put in place by those sterling eyes flashing at him.
“Now?” the angel’s deep voice queried after Sam asked him to meet him at the motel. “I’m in the middle of searching for a potion ingredient. I’m in Australia.”
One hand slid inside the stupid suit jacket the guy still had on, and the other dug under Cas’s ribs, and Dean clung on for dear life. He couldn’t remember the last time he’d held someone or let himself be held by anybody; it wasn’t exactly his MO. Cas, though, as in all respects, was different, and so Dean buried his face into the angel’s neck, getting drunk on the scent of his skin directly at the source. With Cas, he didn’t have to be proud, or strong, or duty bound. Cas’s hands were firm against his back, and Dean felt his worries drain out of him, at least for now.
“It’s fucking hot, that’s for sure,” Dean told him, and reached a hand up to Cas’s abdomen to steady himself, petting the light trail of hair there, while with the other he continued to hold the cock in position. Taking a deep breath, he slipped the head past his lips even as Cas took his fingers that were resting on his belly and squeezed. This was oddly erotic and intimate all at once, something Dean couldn’t have prepared himself for, and he closed his eyes with the emotion of it all while he tried to take more than an inch or two of dick into his mouth.
“I thought we were gonna - never mind,” Sam broke off. “I need you to come talk to the constable. I have a feeling he knows something he’s not letting on, and I want to question the widow.”
This thought slowed and then stopped his fingers where they’d worked their way onto Dean’s feathered neck. The hunter turned rooster had not only not stepped away, it almost sounded as if he was emitting a purr of enjoyment while his eyes blinked slowly at the angel. But on the chance Dean was not fully in his own mind right now, and Cas had no idea if it was possible that he was, he couldn’t pretend that the real Dean would be as consenting as this chicken was to being petted. Oh he could wish he was...he often had...but if it had not happened by now in all their human years of knowing each other, no matter how many looks they’d shared, Cas had to respect that.
“What?” came out, too sharp. “What the hell is that supposed to mean?” Dean restrained his foot from leaning into the gas pedal more than a touch. There was no outrunning this, but it was still his instinct to try.
“We could find out,” Dean barely heard her as she leaned closer to Cas, her hand coming up to rest on his bicep. Even as the angel jumped a bit in surprise, Dean saw red. He almost knocked over one of the Smurfs in his rush to close in on the scene. Coming up behind Cas, trying to keep his voice steady when what he wanted to do was rip that woman’s hand off of her wrist, Dean casually squeezed the angel’s opposite shoulder.
Then, as he watched his fiancee in curiosity, something seemed to move under the trench coat. Was Cas hurt, was the next thing that popped into Dean’s mind, was some Alien type creature using him as a host? Dean recalled the Leviathans with fury and he swore, if anything like that happened ever again he’d…
He’d finally come into the room enough to now set the wriggling kitten upon the map table, where she began sniffing at the edge of Russia. She looked so lost and bedraggled; it was little wonder that Cas had been drawn to her.
“I don’t want to move too fast,” Dean explained. “For either of us. But you especially. I want to make sure you’re okay.” It was maybe the lamest and sweetest thing he’d ever said to someone in bed, but even with his body begging otherwise, he meant every word. Cas leaned in close again and a jolt shot down Dean’s very spine as the next words were said through hot lips against his earlobe.
Dean shattered, his hot come spurting onto his already heated skin, ass clenching tightly, instinctively, as a low, deep moaning began drifting into his ear. He was able to feel Cas release inside of him, the angel’s arms locked around him, and Dean held on as tightly, trying to help keep his lover grounded enough so that he could stay just this side of human. The hunter’s hands cradled the angel’s shoulder blades, tips of his fingers barely resting along where the wings protruded from his back, power almost burning him. Neither was sure who was catching whom at this point.
“Do not allow yourself to be tempted again, and all is forgiven.” He reached out with a hand and barely brushed it to the ghost’s head, and Dante disappeared, presumably to go sit and think somewhere else in the church for the rest of time. As soon as he was gone, Cas’s glow began diminishing and he turned to Dean, his eyes still bright but suddenly soft, no longer the angel of verdicts from on high. Just like that.
“Look at you, playing matchmaker,” he said to Cas instead, giving his angel a reassuring smile and noticing how Sam’s eyes shone as he took the girl’s number from Cas’s cell and entered it into his own. Dude was probably going to text her right now too.
Cas merely watched for a second in disbelief but then realized he shouldn’t be surprised. This was Dean after all.
“That’s so hard to do though, Dean,” Cas moaned softly, his hips moving lazily while he teased his lover. “It feels so good and I just want to go with it. You taught me that.”
“I should go,” came Cas’s voice from the backseat and before Dean could even finish raising his head to get a last glance at his personal kryptonite, the familiar flutter sounded, and he was gone. He’d always left a sudden vacancy behind when he’d disappeared, but this was more like a gaping, aching hole now. At least he’d announced his departure this time; that was an improvement.
“Mingling,” he got out through closed teeth, perhaps a little nearer Cas’s ear than he’d meant to. Cas turned to look at him, as did his admirer.
Dean was terrified in the best of ways as Cas drew closer again, and he could feel the heat of the angel’s dick before it even touched him. He shouldn’t want this, there was no way this wasn’t going to hurt, and he wasn’t sure he’d ever forgive himself or Cas for this.
How had Cas learned to kiss like this, and Dean almost broke away to laugh when he remembered the porn the then-even-more-naive-angel used to watch. With the few brain cells that were still in operation as Cas swirled his tongue around his and
“Didn’t mean to make your cowboy jealous,” Harley said smoothly, her voice like smoke over ice. She now gave Dean an appreciative once over, obviously liking what she saw as the tip of her tongue came out to rest on her upper lip. Goddamn she was sexy.
And then Dean was climbing into the back seat, wrinkling his suit, scuffing his baby’s console with his shoe, quite beyond caring. He needed, needed to be closer to Cas. The angel didn’t miss a beat; where most anyone else would have at least looked surprised at Dean’s behavior, Cas just studied his face as steadily as ever as the man came to be sitting in his lap, straddling Cas’s thighs with his own. There was a comfort in that; the idea that not much could rattle Cas, that he’d catch Dean almost no matter what. Of course, he’d been doing exactly that for years already.
“Dean, you’re exhausted,” Cas told him gently. “Take your cocoa and go to bed.” Dean took a sip off of his mug; not as rich as his mom’s but not bad for an angel that probably didn’t know what it was supposed to taste like. He wished he could wrap Cas in a hug, he wished he could stay up and spend time with him, but he was a mere human and he did need sleep. So he followed his friend’s well meaning orders and shuffled off down the hall, clutching his mug tightly. This being taken care of thing was nice, he thought in a daze, peeling his outer shirt off and swapping his jeans for sweatpants. Dean all but collapsed into bed, making sure he downed most of his cocoa before his head found the sweet spot on his pillow. A soft but deep voice tethered him to the waking world for a bit longer.
“When have you ever listened to me on that?” His eyes were half closed, begging for rest, but he could just make out the shape of the angel standing next to his bed. Dean lifted a heavy arm and attempted to make a grabbing motion at the air. He was fading fast.
Several hours later, Sam’s eyes blinked open slowly to the motel room filled with a soft light that meant with the curtains closed the sun was well up. He sniffed and flopped his head over, not wanting to move from his sprawled position on his stomach quite yet. He couldn’t wait to see what sorry shape his brother was in on the other bed though.
“I’m sorry, Dean,” the angel said softly, his eyes roaming over the deep red feathers as the rooster stalked slowly away from the staircase, the picture of dejection. Cas took another stinging sip of whiskey and appreciated the quiet of the bunker, broken only by the soft scrape of Dean’s claws on the hard floor. The rooster was drawing closer to Cas, to Cas’s glass, and then he’d lowered his beak into the liquor itself.
Dean knew he had to get moving, to continue working the job, but he took just one more moment to recover. With the tight, hot situation in his pants he wasn’t going to be able to walk straight just yet anyway. The Red Sox’s stats, the steps of changing the oil on his car, Charlene Floyd’s braces in middle school. Dean took a breath, steering his mind forcibly from his favorite angel and those ungodly heavenly lips. He could do this. Focus.
Dean swallowed and licked his lips, barely able to hold onto much control currently himself. Cas was looming over him, nestled in between Dean’s shamelessly spread legs, and the anticipation of being able to watch his fiancee as Cas entered him made the coldness of the hard wooden floor pressing into Dean’s bare back worth it.
“She knew my life and since then, my death, has been devoted to the study of angels and that I possess the knowledge of the old magics. She promised she would only perform good deeds with your power and I - I am afraid that I let the romance of it go to my head.” If it was possible for a ghost to weep, Dean almost thought Dante would have been. Dude was certainly remorseful, but if he knew that kind of old magic, couldn’t he be considered dangerous?
Dean’s eyes stayed resolutely shut but he began to imagine the picture that must be behind him: Castiel, fully dressed complete with trench coat, standing between Dean’s shamelessly spread legs, those impossibly blue eyes carefully watching his finger as it explored his virgin hole. The hunter felt the flush spread over his body at the mere idea of the visual.
“Don’t worry, I got you a few things. I know you already have the boots.” Dean downed his last shot and made his way to the bag, admittedly curious. He had to grin when he peeked inside. Sam might be an annoying little brother but he did know him, and if he had to wear a costume, Dean could deal with this.
“Ooh, pancakes,” Cas chimed in. “I do like those.” Foods that the angel enjoyed were few and far between, most of it blandly tasted of molecules to him, but apparently pancakes were on the list, to Dean’s joy.
How dare he touch Cas like that? The anger poured off of Dean as he rained punches down. People were backing away and screaming by now. Blood was already coming out of parts of blondie’s face, and Dean just kept punching. No one. No one had the right to…
So I split what originally was all of the final chapter into two, it just needed a break in there before the conclusion. Sorry Dean, you have to be a bird for a bit longer. I'll probably post the last one before a full week goes by this time though.
“Castiel, angel of the Lord, will you marry me?” Cas began shaking his head and for a split second Dean was terrified, regardless of what he already knew to be true, but Cas was smiling warmly and widely down at him.
“Get out of here then,” he said after a moment, and tossed Dean the keys. “Just don’t do anything dumber than you already have tonight.” Dean picked up his duffel bag without a reply. He deserved that. But there was one thing he wanted to know, and he spun on his heel just before he opened the door to leave.
Another little town, another motel room, another diner breakfast, and the Impala was parked in front of another quaint suburban home. Sam was in the house, inserting himself into the crime scene and assessing if the murder sounded like their kind of deal. Dean was waiting in the car, on lookout and backup duty, when he heard a faint rush of air that he hadn’t heard in a long time. The reflection of a shock of dark messy hair in the rearview mirror was his second clue.
“I’m yours Dean. You can do whatever you want to me.” Dean had all he could do to not sink his teeth into the side of Cas’s neck to keep himself from literally growling in desire at this. A throaty whine did escape and his hips moved into Cas’s leg, his hard cock mindlessly seeking contact. Dean only had so much control, and a promise like this was the sweetest candy.
“Cas...” Sam started slowly, not sure how to announce this, “Cas, that’s - that’s Dean.” The angel’s eyes squinted much as Sam’s had as he looked back down at the rooster.
“You’re very hot,” Cas whispered seriously in his ear, and Dean punched the gas a little harder than he meant to. That hand on his thigh was creeping closer and closer…
It was Dean that was frozen in place now, overwhelmed by the raw otherness emanating from the guy - no - the angel in front of him. He wasn’t sure whether to be turned on or scared to death.
“Cas!” Sam’s voice was embarrassed even as it gave away how pleased he was by the turn of events. “You can’t just tell a girl…” he trailed off, and was big little Sammy blushing? Oh this was rich. Cas’s brow dipped in some confusion.
“I’ve wanted to do this for so long,” the angel’s deep but dulcet tones crept into Dean’s ear. The hunter melted under this kind of devotion.
Another groan escaped him as a fresh drizzle of lube hit his opened hole and another finger slid in with it. Dean barely noticed he was moving his hips, either back into Cas’s fingers for more stimulation or forward to find something to rub his now almost painfully hard dick on, he wasn’t sure. He would give anything for a hand around his cock right now, but he was too busy holding himself up on the table and he’d be damned if he’d be able to ask Cas for that. He kind of liked how Cas’s fingers were digging into the meat of his ass cheek anyway, holding it in such a way so that it was giving his other hand room to work. Though he’d also be damned if he ever said such a thing out loud.
The idea was hot as hell in theory; this bombshell luring them both into her bed and having her wicked way with them. Watching Cas get aroused and then climax almost made Dean light headed at just the suggestion. But it was the part where
“You haven’t seen Cas, have you?” The words came out tighter than Dean meant them to. His brother barely glanced up as he shook his head.
He didn’t let himself worry too much until he’d gone and made coffee and surreptitiously checked over the bunker. Sam’s room, bathroom, dungeon, even the storeroom, Cas was nowhere to be found. Of course, the guy had his own life, and it’s not like he had to tell Dean every little thing he did. But he hadn’t left Dean’s side in two weeks now and the suddenness of this just didn’t feel right. What if something was wrong?
“Cas -” Dean tried again, attempting to squirm away from the fingers spreading his ass cheeks but with nowhere to go, pressed as he was up against the hard table.
Dean caught the unsure glances sent up his way every so often, though, so he did his best to offer some direction. It was mostly along the lines of, “Oh, god, that. Right. There. Fuck,” and, “Yeah. Suck it, just like...Ohh.” But he was able to give some constructive criticism every once in a while, such as, “You can grab it too, don’t be afraid to...oh god,” and “Wetter, please, make it wet...fuck.” Dean was having all he could do not to move his hips, not to overwhelm Cas, not to take hold of his own cock and help jerk himself, knowing his lover wanted to learn.
“You want to talk about it?” Sam’s voice was a touch gentler as he steered the car onto the road. He had to know the answer would be no, but Dean was thankful that he asked all the same.
But when Dean is in Sam’s presence, the angel is almost blinded by the outpouring of love he can’t help but feel between the brothers. Even when they’re mad at each other, even when they’re barely talking, when trust is broken and harsh words are spoken, the thread of love is clearly there. Castiel is aware of wishing he could feel something like that from his brothers and sisters, but the angel realm only allows for strict allegiance. Their bonds are strong because God says they must be. Cas can never be someone’s brother or son in a way that humans are, and he wonders if humans might not be richer for that experience.
“Forgive me! Oh forgive me, Great One,” Dante was mumbling, his dusty head bowed and his hands clasped. “She forced it upon me, she made me summon you, but I still should not have done so.” Cas had recovered quickly and stopped Dean from attacking the ghost with a sharp look of remonstrance at his lover.
There weren’t just walls around Dean’s heart, there was an armed fortress. A lot of people had baggage that made it hard for them to let anyone in, sure. By the time Dean was sixteen duty and emotions had become almost indecipherable from each other, and by the time he was twenty, duty was king. Take Sammy for instance: he loved his brother of course, but did that mostly spring him from his ultimate job to keep him safe? He was fine with that particular knot never getting unraveled.
“Underwear too,” he had to tell him, and helped the angel pull his boxers down with his pants to pool between his feet. Cas’s cock sprung free, huge and hard as ever, and nearly slapped Dean on the side of the face. Dean’s heart had time to thud twice; was he really about to do this? And the answer - this was his Cas, and the
Dean flicked the radio on and his ears were met with the sweet sound of some good old Stones, Start Me Up to be precise, and his head immediately started moving to the jangly beat. The Impala rolled along, her driver’s shoulders now into the groove as well, and with a glance at Cas on a right turn, Dean saw the angel was also bobbing his head. They caught each other’s eye and the widest of grins exploded on their faces before they shared a raucous laugh. Dean didn’t know if he could get used to being this happy, but he was thankful for every moment of it that he was blessed with.
“You’re so silly, and sweet, and wonderful, Dean. Of course I will marry you, no matter how many times and in how many ways you ask.” Then Cas gripped Dean’s shoulder, his left, and pulled him to a standing position once more. He’d taken the ring out of its groove in the box, and Dean could tell by his gaze at it that he’d done well.
“Of course I did. You’re my angel,” Dean replied with the little breath that was left to him. They were both squeezing so tightly, so wrapped up in each other, that neither noticed Sam returning to the doorway and watching them with a warm, easy smile on his face.
Dean was torn between wanting to be a hero and trying to take a throatful of come for the first time, or backing off swiftly and trying to aim it somewhere else. As it was, when a long shuddering moan sounded from Cas and Dean could feel the thick cock on his tongue begin to pulse, he began to pull back but wasn’t quite in time. A hot burst of come splashed over his tongue as he slipped off of the head, his hand still instinctively jerking to keep Cas going. The next jet hit him on his still open lips, and the third and last was a blast from his nose to his chin.
“He’s got to be here somewhere,” Sam said reasonably as they scanned the sizable crowd in the ballroom. “He wouldn’t have left without us.” Dean’s eyes were frantically searching the crowd as he tried not to let his mind run away with worry. Cas could take care of himself, if for some crazy reason it had come to that.
There was no brother in the other bed. Dean’s duffel sat just where he’d left it in the center of the messy sheets last night before he’d gone out. Sam pushed himself up to peer at the floor, not letting himself worry yet. It wouldn’t be the first time Dean hadn’t been able to make it to the bed. Floor was clear. Eyes flicking to the digital clock, Sam’s heart sped up a touch. Nine thirty. This was pushing it, even for Dean. He was as concerned about Mom as Sam was.
“Relax, Dean, I want to make this good for you,” that gravelly voice floated towards him even as there was a nearly unbearable pressure at his opening. Dean closed his eyes and took a few deep breaths, trying not to ball his hands into fists. Relax. Right.
“Yes, Dean,” Cas sounded high on lust, and his finger began working back and forth in a way that had Dean’s heart slamming into his ribs. Sweat had broken out all over his body, this deceitful body that wasn’t fighting this like it should be.
Dean had to admit he really liked the girl. Two years younger than Sam and a rescue from that vamp nest, she fit the damsel in distress category, but was eager to learn more about hunting and monsters and all of it, though Sam was hesitant to teach her. Dean left them to settle that on their own, knowing his brother didn’t necessarily want a partner that would fight alongside him. She seemed to respect Sam’s wishes and be willing to listen to him carefully as she slowly got broken into everything their crazy lives included.
He couldn’t stop thinking about that kiss that was so much more than a kiss, or at least had been to him. Paranoia had reared its ugly head once he started turning it over in his mind. Why did Cas leave so quickly, other than that’s just what he did? Had Dean been too much, even though he’d been trying to be careful? He’d friggin climbed into the guy’s lap without warning. Should he have waited till Cas had initiated more physical contact? Probably. He was the one that had started this whole thing. And if Cas was feeling better enough to teleport again, that meant he had the option of not being at the bunker when the guys got back. That idea was the one he hated the most.
It wasn’t until Cas leaned back again that Dean realized he’d eased another finger into him and the stretch, which should have been painful or at least unpleasant, was anything but. Dean’s fingernails scrambled at the marble table top, instinctively trying to find a purchase that wasn’t to be had, still not okay with how this was going down but unable to deny the jolts of pleasure that were shooting up his spine when Cas twisted his fingers. Just. Like. That.
The angel was still behind him, still keeping Dean facing the table, now with a hand splayed between the hunter’s shoulder blades. Dean’s pants and boxers were pooled at his feet and both of his shirts were well gone. He gritted his teeth, furious at himself for ending up in this position, and his muscles tensed beyond their limit to feel the angel’s gaze all over his nude body.
Dean liked his room, but waking up in the bunker with no windows to let in natural light could be disconcerting. He rolled his head towards his bedside table and blinked at the digital display. 11:47. Was that am or pm? Where had he left his phone? He reached down for a good ball sack scratch, yawning and stretching his neck in the other direction.
Cas was sitting in one of the lawn chairs on the sidewalk of the motel when Sam pulled up, his trench coat dusted with red from the Outback. The familiar crease in his brow deepened when he failed to see Dean sitting next to Sam, not to mention that Sam was driving. Cas watched the younger Winchester get out of the car, followed by this large red rooster, who hopped confidently down onto the ground and proceeded to strut, there was no other word for how he was walking, next to Sam as they made their way to the room’s door. In spite of his curiosity about Dean’s whereabouts, Cas couldn’t help a small smile. He didn’t get to spend enough time around animals, and they were all so fascinating.
And this was just a simple kiss, they hadn’t even...and then Cas deepened it, opening to Dean, soft and hard and wet all at once, and Dean didn’t even know that he moaned in desperation. Or maybe that was Cas. The angel tasted like sweet mint and the steel of a clean blade, and his tongue was eager, pliant, hungry. Dean felt himself spinning, his ears ringing. If he didn’t come up for air, he was going to be lost forever. It took all his control to pull back, to hope that he hadn’t been too much for Cas, too pushy, too demanding.
Apparently Cas had kept in touch with, what was her name, ah yes, Emily, and he showed Sam his phone now. Dean, ever the nosy brother, read over Sam’s shoulder.
Sam knew him too well; he’d gotten Dean that Led Zeppelin album that completed his collection of their whole catalog, some top end auto wax for his baby, and he’d filled his stocking with bags of M&M’s and Snickers.
Dean began licking the rest of the shaft in earnest, not fully knowing what he was doing any more than Cas had, but having a clear picture of what he knew felt good and the until-now unexpected desire to replicate it. He did appreciate how warm Cas’s cock was on his tongue, and the heavy, almost sweet smell of it filling his nostrils. He’d always figured chicks did this for brownie points, so maybe you’d go down on them later, or just fuck them better, but now he saw there was an enjoyment to be had in having your face full of cock, though he would have died before ever admitting that to anyone. Or again, maybe that was just cause this was his angel.
He knew he bumped into a few people on his way to where Cas and this asshole were putting on such a disgusting display, and it didn’t slow him down in the slightest. What he did see, once he got there, like a matador’s flag, was the purpling bruise that Cas now had on the side of his throat. Coherent thought going up in flames, Dean grabbed the blond by the back of the neck, even though the guy was taller than he was, and squeezed for all he was worth.
“Well, yeah,” Dean conceded. Not for the first time, he wondered how good of an idea it was to take the angel on investigations with them. “You just stick close to me and Sam, okay?” Especially looking like that, he didn’t add. Cas nodded thoughtfully.
Once Cas had emptied himself into Dean with a final bone deep shudder, he lowered himself onto the human, having finally been convinced not that long ago that Dean could bear his weight, and his head curled into his lover’s neck. Dean held him gladly, not caring for the moment about the hard floor or the cooling jizz stuck between their bodies.
But an appropriate name for the kitten hadn’t occurred to Dean yet; he’d never named anything, never had a pet. He’d suggested the rote black cat handles: Midnight, Shadow, even Onyx, and Cas had dismissed them all out of hand. Apparently he wanted something more unique. Then why didn’t he name her? Of course, he had never done so either.
“No,” he told the well meaning angel. “She needs something milder than that. I’ll...I’ll go get some baby shampoo,” he said, realizing they didn’t have anything gentle enough in the bunker to wash this delicate creature with.
“C’mon, let’s go get a drink,” Dean said, looking into Cas’s eyes, his voice as not-pleading as he could make it but he wasn’t sure he succeeded.
Cas was leaning into the man’s chest as they writhed to the beat of the music together, and one hand was settled on the back of the blond’s spiky hair. Dean watched for only one second longer, a second in which that head lowered towards Cas’s neck, before he let out a roar and charged. He was barely aware of Sam calling after him as he parted the crowd, his hat getting knocked off somewhere along the way but he couldn’t care about either. If he’d seen red earlier with that Harley Quinn, this had him barely able to see straight at all.
Amused blue eyes met his groggy ones from the chiseled face that lay on the other pillow and Dean quickly ripped his hand out of his sweats. He should be embarrassed but he supposed Cas had seen worse.
“Stop lying to yourself,” Cas’s gravelly but sweet voice murmured into his ear. “I see the way you look at me. I’m a celestial being, I can feel the desire coming off of you in waves whenever I’m around you. It took me awhile to understand what it was, but now that I have...I
Sam eased the Impala into the next spot available and the guys spilled out, Sam adjusting his eye patch under his floppy hair in the rear view, Dean making sure to grab his cowboy hat and Cas…
But he did anyway, peering over his shoulder the best he could, his gaze catching the trench coat of course, the scuffed loafers, the pants now shoved down to Cas’s knees. Dean managed to skip over the motion of the angel’s hand slicking himself up on his way up to Cas’s face.
“It doesn’t exactly work like that,” he explained. “I mean, look at how long it took you and Dean to get together.” Now it was Dean’s turn to look embarrassed, and his nerves were jumping as he retrieved the small gift bag where he’d hidden it under the tree. Cas and Sam could not have segued into the next portion of this day in a better fashion if they’d tried, and Dean knew he couldn’t stall any longer. He placed the bag in Cas’s hands, and stood there watching, hoping he’d like it, hoping he hadn’t gone too corny, hoping it wasn’t too much.
“She does need a name, Dean,” Cas said almost in reprimand. The kitten had been with them for a week, and the angel wanted him to name her. Probably thought it would make him bond with her or something like that. Dean could admit by now, even considering the allergies, that he almost liked the little thing, or maybe he just liked how adorable his lover’s eyes still shone whenever he looked at her.
“I’ve never understood where humans got the halo idea from,” Cas shared with Dean after the girl had walked away, making Dean wish he could lean in and kiss Cas’s cheek. Sometimes he was just so cute.
“Glad we could amuse you,” Dean quipped. “If you ever tell anyone else how cheesy I’ve gotten…” he left the threat open ended. This was about the most chick flick moment he ever wanted to be caught alive in, and there was still the matter of the actual wedding.
“It’s the only thing I can think of that might work,” Sam reasoned. “He was in the parking lot this morning. I don’t know where he was last night, it’s not like there’s a hex bag we can even attempt to find. And I think this might be beyond hex bag kind of magic.”
“Give me that.” He took the computer from Dean and began coolly booking two flights with a laser focus.
“Dude are you serious?” was all Sam could think of in response. He had to pinch the bridge of his nose and close his eyes a moment. In their admittedly strange lives, Dean had been possessed by a demon, performed a spell that made him act like a dog, and other sundry oddities, but full transformation into another species was a new one.
His big paws were grasping Cas by the hips, pulling the angel’s ass back into him. Not that he had to work hard, from what Dean could see, that perfectly shaped leather clad ass was all too eager to be rubbing against what he was sure was an erection in the leopard man’s thin leggings.
“Dean hasn’t wanted me to say anything,” Cas started, with a slightly disapproving eye cast towards his fiancee; it had been a bit of a point of contention between them. Cas had been wanting to tell Sam almost right away, and now Dean found out why.
“Oh,” was Cas’s reply. He smiled, a soft tender thing that lit up his whole face and Dean knew at that second, naked and clinging to an angel’s coat, that he was well and truly screwed. Cas kissed him then, slow and soft and deep and needy and so perfectly attentive that Dean almost forgot his own name.
“Of course she can’t,” Sam agreed, “But she has the skills to reverse this. I hope. We’ll just have to owe her one.”
Cas giggled. And squirmed a bit as he shifted his hands in his pockets, almost as if he was being tickled. This was not a guy that was in any sort of discomfort.
Maybe this was just something they both needed to get out of their systems, Dean tried to rationalize in between jolts. The adrenaline rush of a good fight did do things to one’s blood, and he guessed he’d been an idiot to ignore the tension that had been in the air between him and Cas since day one. Yeah, Cas stared, but Dean did too, he could admit that to himself, even if he didn’t fully know why.
“All morning,” Cas corrected, and that answered that question. Dean sighed in contentment at this knowledge, recalling a time he would have been severely annoyed by it. Now rested and alert again, he rather enjoyed the funny twist his belly did as he settled into the awareness that he was staring at someone who knew him better than anyone other than Sammy and still loved him. He rolled to his side to mirror Cas and let himself study that beautiful face.
“So what was your favorite animal?” Dean asked on the way back to the car, once they had seen everything and the zoo had closed its gates behind them. Cas thought for a moment, deeply considering.
The feathered head jerked to the side on a tilt and the animal let out another short squawk that almost sounded like the word “jerk”. But that was impossible, and insane. Sam needed to get this thing out of Dean’s precious car before it shit on the leather seats or something.
“You are the naughtiest angel I ever want to meet,” Dean mumbled against Cas’s lips, causing his lover’s smirk to deepen. Then he led Cas down the steel steps and through the map room, eager to gain his own room. And there was Sam, sitting comfortably in the armchair in the corner of the library, some sort of paperback in his hands.
The angel’s smile widened, and he turned back the fold of his coat to reveal a little black furred face topped with pointed ears, a curious little twitching pink nose, and the greenest eyes Dean had ever seen.
“I bet you do,” Dean teased, slipping back into his smartass persona as best and as quickly as he could. “Be right there,” he promised and hit the end button.
“Dean, I told you to take off your clothes.” Cas’s voice was still stony but there seemed to be a breathless quality to it now. Or maybe that was just because Dean could feel the warm rush of air they caused on his ear with Cas being so damn close. The sensation caused a twinge deep in his belly. Rabid fear, no doubt.
“Pants off,” he demanded. Before Cas was able to get them all the way down, Dean was kneeling in front of him. This was well beyond his normal personal level of okayness, naturally, but with his recent orgasm still flowing through him, his brain was still in enough a sex haze to allow him this lapse. That, and good god Cas had earned it. Dean could recognize that cloud of lust in his eyes by now, and that, combined with the pride pouring out of Cas, made for the combination of wanting to please his lover by returning the favor and to see just what kind of pile of stuttering goo he could reduce him to.
“Oh and that’s a good idea, to owe a favor to a Grand Coven priestess,” Cas shot, having picked up the art of sarcasm from the Winchesters over the years.
“Dean,” Cas’s voice was low, more intimate than it made any sense to be with the sunlight slanting in through the windows of the car.
“Dude, what you doing?” Dean asked, his breath hitching, but only slightly. He steadfastly ignored the open stare they were receiving from the minivan mom at the red light; Cas of course had no awareness of anything but Dean at that moment.
The Impala sped up at this, tuned to Dean’s unconscious reactions, her owner only able to keep so much control.
Dean had received some amazing blowjobs in his admittedly promiscuous life. He looked back in fondness at one particular night with a redhead in Mississippi, and while that had been fun in the hottest and dirtiest of ways, this was so much...more. There was something about the way Cas was settled between his legs, lavishing attention on his cock, seemingly content to imprint every inch on his tongue that made Dean feel almost sacred.
Confusion doesn’t even begin to describe what Castiel is feeling the night that Dean tries to get him laid, whatever that means. Oh. He means to lay with a woman. Cas knows Dean does this activity a lot, Sam has told him. And Dean is comfortable in the brothel, all easy smiles and a relaxed posture for once. It’s good to see. The light is dim and while the music is unpleasant to the angel’s ears (he’s learned to appreciate the finer songs that Dean plays off the cassette tapes in his automobile), Cas is content to sit and watch Dean.
? Then Dean is placing a bag of fast food in front of him, saying that nothing helps a hangover like a greasy burger, and Cas knows this is Dean taking care of him, and he feels better immediately. The food is odd but not unpleasant. He is more comforted by the fact that Dean is in a better mood today than yesterday, after a successful mission.
Dean’s shock made the word almost a squeak. The angel’s hand had dropped from his shoulder, but now it was back, Cas behind him, walking him again towards the only furniture in the room, which was of course that marble table.
Then through his and Cas’s panting, Dean heard the sound of a belt being undone and a zipper lowered. He made his eyes crack open, his pupils assaulted by the light in the room. He knew, logically, that this was not the time to look back, that if he had been going to fight it would have had to happen before he’d been reduced to a wet hole wanting to be filled again and a cock begging to come.
When they arrived at the LeBlanc mansion, there were already at least thirty cars there. This is what they needed; to just be three more faces in the crowd. This family was usually quite secretive but they couldn’t resist showing off their opulence at their yearly Halloween party. Even if three members of the family had just mysteriously died last week.
“Is Dean being a little more cocky than usual?” Rowena said by way of a greeting, openly smirking, obviously enjoying this immensely. Sam had to admit, very much to himself, that that was a good line, but he kept his expression neutral.
By the time they got back to the bunker Dean wanted to pounce on his lover right there in the car, Cas had gotten him so worked up. But knowing his bed was not too far away, he made himself get out and head inside. He returned Cas’s smirk with a devilish grin of his own and before they stumbled through the bunker door, took him in a deep kiss for a few moments.
“Cas. Babe. Dude,” Dean said, not feeling like he had to ask what was going on with more than his tone of voice. Cas’s eyes sparkled, and he gave Dean the tiniest of sly smiles as his coat rippled again. Just as he began to slide his hand inside the lapel, a high pitched but quiet
So somehow this one shot wanted to be a full blown love story. I'm not the kind of writer that can do smut or porn without big feels behind it so I guess I shouldn't be surprised, and especially with our Dean and Cas, the love they hold for each other is so strong I can't ever see it being just sex for them.
Sam had put on some Christmas music, just to complete the kitsch factor, but it was a healthy mix of old school, Andy Williams and Johnny Mathis, and the cooler stuff, the Boss and Elton John.
He watched the scene, relinquishing the outcome to Cas with an effort. After coming all this way, he’d feel bereft if he couldn’t kill
person he would ever do this for, ever be on his knees for, came back at him as he wrapped his fingers around the base of that impressive shaft.
But for now, as usual, all he could do was stare, his eyes roaming over the erotic majesty that was his angel, whose cock was buried inside of him, making his hole throb even while he held himself over Dean, his shoulders and the rounded peaks of his wings, iridescent in the dim glow, framed by the almost eight feet tall Christmas tree behind him. Of all the beauty Dean had seen in this world, most of it involving this very being that was somehow engaged to him, few things compared to this holy and unholy vision before him now.
, Dean wondered idly if the guy had done any watching lately. His thoughts veering down that kind of naughty path coupled with the privacy and newfound mutual surrender they were finding, Dean decided it was a good idea to attempt to slow down. It was the last thing that parts of him wanted to do, but he didn’t quite know what parts of him wanted to do anyway, and he would be damned if he did anything to take advantage of his angel.
“Looks like she could use some kitten formula, just in case,” the hunter remarked, mentally making a shopping list.
But this Dean Winchester might make him reconsider how much sympathy some of them deserve. He has an attractive form, Castiel must admit that by the third time he encounters him, not that Dean has any control about how he was made to look. That was totally up to Father, and He has blessed this one that way as well. He’s so insufferably insulting though, even if Castiel doesn’t understand a lot of what comes out of his mouth, he can tell by the tone Dean is often not sincere. Castiel knows he shouldn’t care what the human says or means, he’s just there to do a job, but for some reason he’s intrigued by this particular creature.
“You came for me,” Cas mumbled into Dean’s hair. “You came for me.” Like there’d been anything else Dean could have done.
Sam glanced around the quiet parking lot swiftly, looking for he wasn’t sure what. The rest of the flock? A chicken wrangler? A candid camera? There was just the rooster, the warm sun, and one more car going by on the road. Sam stared at the bird, who was being very still. The bird stared at Sam, or seemed to, the golden eyes bright and observant. Sam didn’t have a lot of experience with chickens, none really, when he did a quick inventory of his knowledge on them. Dogs had always been more of his thing, cats were also great. But this was beyond him.
“C’mon, why not?” Dean nearly whined, since that had, in fact, been his plan. Sam gave him one of his bitch faces, surprisingly not mitigated by the eye patch and the rest of his get up, and plopped a bag on Dean’s bed.
He couldn’t even think about using Sam’s possible objections as a defense; dude was a softie that wouldn’t be able to say no to those bright green eyes and that tiny little pink nose and...ugh, the creature was stinking cute. But Dean hated cats. Really.
“Wow,” Sam breathed as they approached the ancient building in the gathering dusk. The cobblestone streets were still thronged with tourists, taking picture after picture of the old stone walls and columns.
“You sure the Mark didn’t leave any lasting effects?” his little brother pushed. “I mean, it would make sense if it did.”
Dean’s breath was shaky and his body tense as he held himself precariously on the angel’s knees, unsure of how far to go, what his next move should be. If Cas were a random woman, Dean would be kissing his way down her throat by now. But Dean wouldn’t have recklessly climbed into a random woman’s lap in the middle of the day, in the middle of a case. He could not stop staring at the angel, the even dusting of dark hair on his jaw, that Dean had to wonder how it would feel under his fingers; the pulse point in his neck that Dean could swear was thumping almost as fast as his own regardless of Cas’s outwardly calm demeanor; the subtle wrinkles at the corners of his eyes, which deepened just a touch as Cas’s lips quirked upwards in a soft grin.
No one ever had to know. He’d swear Cas to secrecy or death once this was over, and they could go on with their lives. The memory of how fucking amazing having most of Cas’s fingers buried in his ass felt while his dick leaked precome onto the floor of this cursed room would fade. Dean pushed back and tried not to release another whimper as the fingers withdrew.
“Cas! You can’t do this! This is rape!” Dean cried out. “Please,” he added helplessly as he started to tremble.
He had a thought to take a glance over his shoulder but there was no way he had the balls for that. If he kept his eyes glued shut that made this less real somehow. Or was it more real, as he could practically feel Cas’s concentration while the angel defiled him?
It was a quiet morning even on this main county route, the spring sunshine smiling down. Sam couldn’t even remember the name of the town but it seemed like a nice place. Only a couple of cars wandered by as he unlocked and swung open the driver’s side door of the Impala. All of a sudden, a wild squawking sound tore into Sam’s ears, and in a cloud of Midwestern dust a blur of reddish brown fluttered up from underneath the car and right into the front seat. Sam wasn’t quick enough to stop the ball of...was that feathers?!...from clumsily flapping into the spot behind the steering wheel. He blinked twice, hard, and then could only stare. That. Was a chicken. Standing on the bench seat of the Impala, almost proudly.
“I didn’t think you were going to survive that battle,” the angel continued, his tone admiring now. “You didn’t think you were going to survive that battle. And still you entered into it, so true to your own ideals and so utterly unwilling to back down.” So stubbornness was a turn on for the guy, go figure. But that didn’t mean…
“I’ll try,” Cas promised with a tight nod, and Dean impossibly fell even a little more in love with him. He then reached down, past his own straining erection and heavy balls to take hold of Cas’s deliciously firm cock. It was going to be inside him again, was all Dean could think excitedly as he guided the swollen head to his tenderest of places, silently telling Cas he was ready. His other hand was on Cas’s left hipbone, and Dean adored the way that even though it was the angel fucking him, he was more than willing to allow Dean to take control.
And he had to stop here, because his breath was stolen by the unfurling of said wings, glossy black erupting from behind his lover, and someday he’d have to ask Cas what that felt like, to his back, to his vessel’s bones and muscles and tendons.
Dean ran for the door, using the last of his adrenaline to power through anyone who tried to stop him. Once outside, he gulped the cold air, and made a beeline for the Impala. Shit, that’s right, Sam had the keys. Dean sunk down on the damp frosty ground, his back against one of Baby’s tires, and buried his face in his arms, wishing the world in that moment away.
Cas knows just how to drive Dean crazy, and really, it's too easy. Gratuitous kitchen sex ensues. Oh and Dean might be becoming something of a come slut for his angel.
Cas pressed him forward, making him bend at the waist so that Dean had to bring his hands up to the table’s surface to catch himself, the marble cold and unforgiving. There were no other sounds in the room than the back and forth of their harsh breathing and the slide of angel hands on human skin. And then as Cas explored further, a moan came from his throat.
“As many as you can, then. Please,” Dean interrupted, through a grimace now. If he didn’t get some booze in him immediately, he was going to lose it. And they’d only just started the second, much longer, leg of their flight.
How could he have been so stupid? How could Cas have let himself get into a situation like that? He shouldn’t have left him alone, and now Cas was angry at him for coming to his rescue. How could he be? Clearly he’d needed help. There was no way...and here Dean had to stop his thoughts because the closest thing to punch now was his car and he would never do that.
Soon enough, he heard a familiar set of footsteps approaching and he wiped his face to look up and see Sammy, eye patch now gone, and not meeting his gaze.
Dean could only lay there for a few moments, having reached for Cas’s hand and gripping it tight, thoroughly blissed out in both mind and body. Cas’s hand slipped out of his as he stood up, looking utterly pleased with himself and licking his lips. Dean stared at him for a moment, and unconsciously licked his own lips in response. He gathered his wits and took the plunge.
“Can you track his cell phone?” Dean asked next, with a nod to the computer that Sam was staring at. A quizzical brow was crooked his way.
And through all of that, he’d never demanded anything, just the privilege of watching over Dean while he slept and being the one to keep the nightmares away. Dean swallowed thickly, not sure he deserved this angel staring back at him, but also knowing Cas wasn’t about to go anywhere. There was too much history between them for words to be particularly necessary, so now Dean just reached. He was enfolded into the arms of an angel as surely as if he’d always belonged there.
“Dean, what are you doing?” Sam asked as Dean frantically navigated the airline’s website. “We don’t know why he’s there, he could be fine. He could be gone by the time we get halfway there.” Again, reasonable.
“Cas,” Sam said sincerely with a tilt of his head, “I couldn’t imagine anybody who I’d rather see Dean with. Of course you guys have my blessing.” Breaking the serious atmosphere in the room in a flash, Cas lunged forward and grabbed Sam in a hug that would have knocked a smaller man off his feet.
“Yeah well, a lot of these people would like to do more than mingle,” Dean told him, not sure how to explain.
“Cats are more self sufficient than most animals,” Cas returned. “I’ll get her an automatic feeder. And lots of toys,” he added, holding the kitten up to his face and speaking as if in promise to it. Her.
They slipped into the party easily enough, and Dean understood why he’d had to put a costume on. He saw everything from pop culture movie references to some of the more traditional monsters, including one fully furred werewolf that he’d be impressed by if he didn’t know the real thing looked nothing like that. There was even a troupe of people who had painted themselves blue and were running around as Smurfs.
“Cas, Baby...can I see your wings? Can you bring them out without going full out?” Dean’s eyes were wide open again, soaking in the sight of his lover above him and inside of him. He was hard as hell and of course he wanted to come, as he was sure Cas did, but there was something perfectly intimate about this exact moment right here. Which is the only way he’d been able to have the balls to finally ask something so bold of his angel.
“I love you, Dean.” That sentence coming from his angel would never fail to make Dean feel safe and wanted and accepted in ways he’d never thought he would be. Cas caught him in his arms, knowing what he needed right now, as he always did, and they took a few seconds to simply hold each other in the purity of the moment.
“Devotion,” he read the engraving as if it were a sacred text, and Dean released a sigh of relief that it had turned out right while his heart swelled with joy at hearing that deep voice speak that word. There was a matching ring that was burning a hole in his pocket, and Dean brought it out now, silently asking Cas to slip it on him.
The longer Castiel spends here on Earth, the further he can tell he’s slipping from the flock. He supposes this should bother him more. But Dean seems to need him, it seems to help the human to have him around, and Cas wants to help him. He likes feeling special, important to someone, instead of just another soldier. He wants to stay loyal to his Father, to do what is required of him no matter what, and he swears to himself that he will continue to do so.
“Just find him,” Dean forced out, his current state of stress making any conscious agreement of Sam’s words superfluous. As he watched, Sam’s brow wrinkled at whatever he was seeing on the laptop, then it furrowed, and then the furrow deepened. Dean was about to snap a, “What?” at him when Sam finally spun the laptop around so the screen was facing him.
The three guys at the bunker or a motel room, getting up for the morning. Sam, yawning, goes, "Too bad you're a rooster and not a hen, Dean. Could have laid us some eggs." Heavily smirking.
Dean was prickly, fiercely independent, and didn’t know how to accept love. As many demons as he’d fought and won against, the worst ones were in his own mind, Cas had long ago learned that. Maybe, as a chicken, with a bird’s simpler consciousness, he was currently able to escape some of them, and while Cas was happy for him if that was the case, it also made him wonder if that meant this was not all the way Dean.
Sam couldn’t help an annoyed sigh as his ear echoed with the ringing of the unanswered call. Yeah, he bet Dean couldn’t come to the phone right now. Probably had some bartender half naked already. He’d said he was only going for a couple of drinks but Sam knew his brother far too well to not be able to translate that into “I doubt I’m coming back to our room tonight.” At least after as successful of a hunt as today’s had been.
Then as Cas began to move his hips, his moans became sentences, a litany of praise and devotion. Dean wanted him to shut up even as he drank in every word through the intensity of the sensation of being fucked for the first time.
“You bastard,” he shot, but the insult lost some of its heat due to the still breathless quality of Dean’s voice. The blue eyes that he was glaring into were dark with sated lust and examining him as if he were a foreign galaxy. It seemed the angel had no comeback, regardless of how many words he’d had not that long ago.
When Cas goes missing, it's rescue mission on. Dean will be damned if anything tries to take his angel away now, no matter where he might be.
Dean wasn’t sure his legs would hold him, so he pressed into Cas as he stood up as straight as he could, then twisted around to face the angel, whose arms were still boxing him in close to the table. He did his best to ignore how well their bodies fit together from this angle as well.
As the three guys made their way to the snack table to start with, Dean had to admire some of the details of these get ups. Especially one slight girl who looked like she was wearing nothing but body paint and some well placed lace. Dean wasn’t sure what she was supposed to be, but he sure wouldn’t mind finding out. The girl granted him a sideways smile at the way his eyes were almost falling out of his head at her.
“I’ll be around if you boys change your mind,” she left the offer open, and Dean turned Cas away, not sure whose ass she was checking out more as they walked off towards the bar.
Cas blinked up at him, not unlike a cat himself, and smiled at Dean, no words needed. He must have finally hit on a name Cas approved of. Snapping the light off, he cuddled in closer to his angel with their cat between them, and in the dark found his favorite lips to press the softest of kisses to while Grace’s purring deepened.
“How was the…” Sam started to say, but Dean just tightened his grip on Cas’s hand and dragged the angel along, too horned up from all the teasing and completely out of fucks to give.
“Oh god, Dean,” Cas muttered above him, squeezing his fingers tighter, and Dean really wanted to smirk but of course he couldn’t. He could only keep working the cock that was filling his mouth up, already threatening to choke him. He found he could barely really get any suction if he wanted to get as much in as he could, and a new respect for all the girls that had sucked him off began to make itself known. This was not easy.
“Is that good?” Cas asked huskily, and Dean had to breathe a laugh onto the end of the shaft that he’d been just about to wrap his lips around. Only Cas would ask that.
They’d been on a good run: the angel hadn’t tried to single handedly take on more than he should lately, and though they’d naturally had some hiccups at this point in their relationship, it had been nothing to cause true strife. They’d been through too much not to trust each other completely and relatively easily work through disagreements.
Dean reached out to grasp his lover’s hand and draw him into his lap. Cas, momentarily surprised by the gesture, sat down willingly enough, throwing an arm around his human’s shoulders.
“Hush,” Cas soothed. “We’re here now.” He began shifting, and though Dean didn’t really want to move, he was hopelessly willing to let Cas do whatever he wanted. It was amazing the difference a few words, an intimate lesson, one kiss, and some hot chocolate could have.
“Yeah,” he answered Sam’s call, hoping he sounded halfway close to normal. There was no way after that.
“I know it might be stupid,” Dean mumbled, “But it’s not like I really did this right. And - and you deserve right. You deserve perfect.” Cas’s eyes were glued to his, soft and curious and so very blue, so very Cas.
On the chance that you don't get the Clark Griswold reference, go watch National Lampoon's Christmas Vacation. Right now. I don't care what time of year it currently is that you're reading this lol.
Dean, in turn, knew he couldn’t go wrong catering to his brother’s nerdy side, so he’d gotten him a subscription to Smithsonian magazine, and, as rather a joke, crammed his stocking with granola bars. Sam was just as pleased as Dean was with his candy.
“C’mere,” Dean muttered, hoping Cas would get the hint. “Please,” he added, just conscious enough to be grateful for only being half conscious; he didn’t know if he could ask for this otherwise. He vaguely heard a sliding of fabric, then was rewarded with Cas settling onto the bed next to him, warm and soft and so close. Dean stirred enough to shimmy back to give Cas some room as the angel laid down, everything but the coat on of course. Dean grinned weakly at him and used the last of his strength to try to draw the solid body towards him.
The hunter’s closed eyes filled with tears of shame and confusion as Cas found his hardening cock at the edge of the table and gripped it almost tentatively. Dean let out a gasp at the touch and the rush of need that came with it. His head snapped back as if it could help his mind escape what was happening but Cas’s breath was still warm on his throat. That merciless finger began circling and Dean whimpered, his cock hardening even more in Cas’s grip.
They stayed very still for a long time, catching their breath, with Dean nearly laying on the table, Cas holding himself up over the human, and the friggin trench coat brushing Dean’s bare sides. Too soon, Cas’s softening cock slid out of Dean, and the hunter winced at the loss of the warmth of it as well as the wet feeling of come trickling out of his hole.
The lining of the trench coat was surprisingly comfortable as Cas slipped it on him a bit later when Dean reminded him that he’d ruined his clothes. Cas just nodded in agreement when Dean said he owed him an outfit, his too serious gaze at the human having taken on a new tone.
“Right. Focused,” Dean repeated, glancing over to ensure Cas was still nearby. The angel’s beautiful eyes were wide as he took in his surroundings, it was probably unlike anything he’d seen before, all the costumes, the weird finger food, the pop music coming from the huge ballroom. Dean was so caught up in watching Cas that he barely noticed the white wings that brushed his arm as another scantily clad female passed them. He didn’t miss the appreciative smile that the fake angel gave Cas, however, or the friendly grin that Cas shot her in return.
And even though there might be a ceremony and a signed piece of paper to come, this was all that mattered, this made it real between them, this feeling of claiming as the silver band settled around Dean’s ring finger. Overwhelmed by the emotion of the moment, the Christmas tree lights glowing and the music playing low, Dean felt the moisture behind his eyes.
“I missed you too,” tumbled out of Dean’s mouth. This was getting harder, not easier, being this close, closer than he ever had been, to Cas. More, more, more, pounded through Dean’s head, and if time could stand still, it would have been. Cas’s smile grew warmer, quite as warm as the body heat between the two men. Dean’s hands had thus far been braced against the top of the backseat for balance, but they were going to start slipping, slipping down onto the angel’s shoulders, and there just wasn’t anything Dean could do about it anymore. He drew a ragged breath, and something inside him finally, blessedly, let go.
It was like he was a kid again, only better. Dean had the vaguest of memories of these kinds of Christmas mornings from when he was a very small child, waking up with the sudden knowledge that it was
Instead he teased, “Here, kitty, kitty,” with a smirk, and Cas immediately crossed the room to come stand in front of him, which Dean had to admit he wasn’t quite expecting.
“Nothing,” Sam finally said with an air of soft finality, at least for the moment, and Dean sent up a silent thanks to no one in particular.
The angel was not crushing him, though he was yanking and tearing, his hands everywhere at once, and Dean only realized what was going on when it was almost done. The room air was cold on his bare skin for a moment, and then it seemed to heat up, and he wasn’t sure if that was from the shame of being unexpectedly naked or if Cas was doing something to heat the air.
“Very well, I’ll be there shortly.” Sam hung up, reached around the rooster shaped Dean to close the passenger door and replace the army man safely in the ashtray, and put the Impala in gear.
Castiel pulls back enough to lean his forehead against Dean’s, meeting his eyes. They’re a dark green in the glow of the streetlights, and Cas has never seen a more beautiful sight. He wonders what a kiss would feel like but he doesn’t know how to begin and he’s nervous in a way he’s never known. Dean gives him a little smile, and is the one to kiss him first, a chaste press of lips that Castiel feels all throughout his body. Being human is perhaps not so bad.
Cas’s lips danced in a smirking smile that managed to be tender and loving as he stared down at Dean, his eyes playful.
“Just tell me how I’m doing, okay?” Cas requested, and those gorgeous eyes locked on Dean’s from where they were hovering above his groin, and thank goodness breathing was an automatic thing, because Dean would have forgotten how to.
He was unsure whether to put the bowls on the floor for Dean to eat, as that seemed demeaning, but Dean solved that when he launched himself, wings outstretched, at the low kitchen table and was able to gain the height and land there. Cas smiled and nodded at this, oddly proud of Dean. And he realized this meant he would probably be able to reach the map table as well, so he went and retrieved what was left of the glass of whiskey, downing it in two shots with a grimace.
Cas was right, she did deserve a good name. Dean glanced over at his record collection, maybe he could find some inspiration from his favorite bands. If only she was a boy, Zeppelin would be perfect, but for a girl it didn’t seem to work. He promised himself that on the slim chance he ever had a son, that name would be at the top of the list, and he wondered if Cas would be cool with that. Dean’s eyes roamed over his fiancee’s face tenderly, his thoughts wandering before he could bring them back. The kitten. He was naming a kitten.
Dean never had the luxury of choices, not the way other people seemed to. Oh, he’d had the illusion of them, like Lisa and Jo most notably, but all that always ended up in was those that he cared about in danger or dead, because of him. He’d given up, he wouldn’t endanger anybody else. But then Castiel came along, and stayed. Cas, who wouldn’t be shaken off, driven off, scared off, beaten off, even killed off. Cas, who had his back no matter what, who’d followed him literally to the ends of the earth and beyond, well after he knew what kind of a bastard Dean was, and he just kept coming back. He was strong enough to survive whatever got in their way, it seemed. He’d sworn himself to Dean entirely too devoutly and in so doing made himself the only real choice that maybe Dean had ever had, or for that matter, would have.
“So do you have a name for her yet?” Emily asked, sitting down on the floor in a graceful cross legged pose that made Dean’s knees hurt to see. Of course, she and her dork of a boyfriend did yoga together regularly as far as Dean knew. She danced her nails across the wood, giggling a little when the vibrant green eyes jumped to follow those instead of the toy. The pointy stick tail waved in the air after her.
After that first date, Cas is the naughtiest angel that Dean ever wants to meet. And he's got Dean doing something he never thought he would. Luckily Cas ends up tasting pretty good.
Sam and Dean were both ready to go. They’d done their due diligence, and gotten what they could out of these people, which was a decent amount. To be fair, it was Sam that had worked his way in with the older set who had told him stories of the great uncle, long dead now, who’d been a serial killer. This explained a lot, even if the family would never have been able to understand that.
“Um, sometimes?” Cas returned with a shy smile, and the woman grinned wider, even more predatory. She was gorgeous, almost as tall as Cas in her platform boots, tits filling out that halter top nicely, with nipples almost poking through the cloth. The tiny shorts barely covered a nice round ass, there was just a hint of cheek peeking out underneath the fishnet stockings. Any other time Dean would have been trying to get his own hands on that, but what the hell was she doing flirting with Cas? And had he just flirted back?
“Dean?” Cas asked it, and the rooster gave a squawk that was becoming familiar to Sam, and walked around in a tight circle as if to say, yeah, this is me. He fixed Cas in his golden stare and blinked once at him. The angel had stood up as the man and the rooster had approached, and now he had to sit back down.
He had to admit a certain pride in the gift and the idea of it. Simple silver, with a graceful engraving around the band. It had taken Dean weeks of studying to feel confident that he was having the jeweler put the right marks on the metal, and he hadn’t been able to explain that it was a different language she wouldn’t know and couldn’t look up. The lady followed his instructions to the letter, however and as far as Dean could tell the Enochian was spot on. The only true test was a real angel’s inspection, though.
That being said, this chapter doesn't really have any action in it, as opposed to the last one, so just be aware.
“So does this mean you’d like me to give you away at the wedding?” Sam asked Dean, his voice teasing. Dean shot him a withering look, even as he privately acknowledged that it probably wouldn’t be inappropriate. It’s not like any ceremony they were going to have would be any sort of traditional.
What a ride this has been! From a little one shot to 18 chapters, I never expected all of this (Paris, an engagement, Christmas, a kitten named Grace) when I posted what became merely the first chapter. This was my first posting a WIP as I wrote it, and easily my most successful story to date.
Dean had no idea what Sam was talking about. Just cause he’d gone out and suddenly bought a TV for his room when he’d sworn against the idea in the past and had dry cleaned Cas’s suit but waited a day to give it back to him so he could enjoy how adorable he was in normal clothes for a bit longer and had stopped picking on him for anything at all, didn’t mean anything. He’d just decided he would be nicer to the guy for a change, that’s all. What Dean didn’t understand was why it wasn’t working.
But Cas somehow tasted, if not exactly sweet as honey, pretty close, and Dean proceeded to greedily swallow what had ended up in his mouth, then licked his lips for the rest sticking there. A drop fell to the floor from his chin, and he wiped the remainder off his face with a hand that he then wiped on his sheets.
“He could always come too,” she said, still speaking to Cas. Dean’s already tight jeans tightened a bit more at this thought...slipping that halter top off of those tits, shimmying those shorts down, those full lips on Cas’s chest, her hands cupping Cas’s ass...no. No. No. No.
It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas at the bunker and Cas is enjoying learning about holiday traditions, one in particular.
Dean!” During the course of this mouthful, Cas’s tone went from gloomy to scolding on the last words. He glared down at his human, all not-quite-six-feet of righteous celestial power threatening to rain upon Dean. And the hunter knew it was a lost cause; they obviously now had a cat.
“I like it when you touch yourself,” Cas said with no qualms, and damn if that wasn’t maybe the dirtiest phrase Dean had ever heard upon waking. He already had half of a morning boner but he tried to keep his mind out of the gutter, for now anyway.
Another wail threaded through the room, and now Dean could see it came from the ghost, who wouldn’t take his eyes off Cas. There was something not only unsettling but important about that, Dean sensed.
Sounds came rushing back to Dean again, mostly the babble of horror from the crowd on the dance floor, crushing close again to see the man on the ground’s injuries, and Sam trying to keep them calm. The music had gone silent some time ago. With one last look of warning, Cas all but threw Dean to the side to go to the blonde man. Dean’s heart lurched at this, and a dread settled into his stomach. He was aware of people staring at him like he was a monster, but nothing was making him sicker to his stomach than the look of disapproval in Cas’s beautiful eyes, and behind that, the image burned into his retinas of the angel’s body pressed tightly against someone else.
“Are you hungry, Dean?” he asked the chicken, refusing to fully notice how Dean looked disappointed that Cas had stopped and gotten up. He could appreciate that it seemed as if he’d lifted Dean somewhat out of his morose mood over Sam being gone, at least for the moment. Especially as the rooster perked up at the mention of food and trotted into the kitchen, his claws clicking on the old tile.
“Best man will be fine. Bitch,” Dean returned with love to a wide answering smile on his brother’s face.
“Thanks Cas.” Dean knew he should say it as well, but all he could seem to do was smile what even he could tell was a goofy smile at the angel in gratitude. The warm gaze he was receiving in return told him that Cas was getting the message, though, and Dean was so glad the whole not letting themselves look at each other thing seemed to be over.
“Should I use your body wash to bathe her? She’ll smell just like you then,” Cas asked, sounding pleased. Dean’s eyes closed tight, then opened again.
“He’s safe,” he said quickly. “Mostly,” he added. “We both are. I just, need help figuring something out.”
As for Cas, he’d confessed several times in the weeks leading up to Christmas that he didn’t really know how to do this material gift thing. They had both of course comforted him that he didn't have to get them anything, Dean especially adamant that he’d already given him the best present ever, himself, but Cas had still tried.
“You have no business here,” she intoned, and this was when Dean noticed she had the slitted pupils of a snake. He held himself in check, knowing he was outnumbered; there was still that other figure over there, a rancid looking short man that Dean would have bet his baby on was a ghost, and he was just standing there staring at Cas. Dean's hand twitched, wanting to attack, but he needed more information about what the hell this all was.
Castiel falls in love with Dean slowly, bit by bit, not even knowing what’s happening until it’s too late and he’s too far gone. The first time he sees the human, he must admit he’s not terribly impressed. Dean’s in the middle of torturing a woman, and though Castiel can tell at a glance that the victim was one who abused her young children until they died when she was on Earth, he also takes in how Dean is enjoying slicing open her calves slowly and bleeding her out while she’s strung up. If he’d had to save someone, why couldn’t God have sent him to do so before the guy had given in to Alastair’s temptations? Cas can only remind himself that it is not for him to question Father’s motives, and snatch Dean out of Hell with a strong hand on his shoulder. He knows his touch as he performs this powerful maneuver is burning the fragile human’s skin and will probably leave a mark but it’s no less than the lucky bastard deserves.
“Except for the part where we’ll be asking people a lot of questions about the dead people?” Cas asked from the back seat.
When Dean starts thinking about saying yes to being Michael’s vessel, Castiel is heartbroken. Not that Dean says any such thing, but the angel can tell, and it’s the silent deception that almost hurts worse than anything. He really cares far too much about this human, he has let himself put far too much faith in him if he’s feeling so much pain over his change of mind. But all emotions are exquisite, even the unpleasant ones, and Cas is thankful to Dean for showing him so many. It still hurts, though, it hurts so much it transforms into anger and then he’s hitting Dean, yelling at him about what he gave up for him. And Dean is begging him to stop, and Cas realizes he’s not fighting back, that Dean won’t hit him because he knows Cas is right.
“We’re not really supposed to believe that those are real chipmunks singing, right?” Cas asked at that particular song, amusing both Winchesters as they relaxed for a bit after their meal. Dean soaked in the perfection of the moment with a smile in his heart. Sam had been forbidden to get on his laptop today for anything but playing the music, so that he wouldn’t run across any cases to worry them. One day, just one Christmas Day of peace: the three of them deserved that much.
“I’ll be in Sam’s room, watching TV if you need me,” Cas then told Dean as the chicken pecked heartily at the sandwich. It wasn’t often that Cas wanted to escape thinking, at least not anymore, but when he did want to, television was the best way. Dean should be good on his own from here. If he could get onto the table, Cas was sure he could get down, and since it was nearly evening, he’d probably be going to sleep soon anyway with his internal clock set to bird. Cas made sure Dean’s bedroom door was open so he could get into it without hands, and retreated to Sam’s room himself, leaving the door on a crack in case Dean did end up needing something.
The trench coat was back, which made Dean’s reminiscent smile begin to turn down but then a warm mug was being pressed into his hand and the relief flooding over him at the reality that Cas was there at all overrode any disappointment.
Cas stroked under Dean’s beak now, almost absently, the rooster lifting his head so he could do so, and the angel wondered if Dean would remember this when he was turned back. How he’d allowed Cas’s fingers to soothe him, how he’d stared at him with those bright eyes softening. The angel wasn’t sure if he wanted Dean to remember or not; perhaps it would be easier if he didn’t. He knew his friend extremely well by now, and he could imagine the embarrassment and awkwardness that might be the result of such memories.
Dean was surprised by how much he didn’t mind and maybe outright enjoyed cuddling up with Cas at night, and it was impossible not to notice that he was sleeping so much better for it. The angel’s arms had become somewhat of a sanctuary for Dean, and the hunter knew he was getting spoiled. This became crystal clear the day he woke up and Cas wasn’t there in his bed, where he...yeah, where he belonged.
They were woefully unarmed for whatever they might be walking into. Another reason that Dean didn’t like travelling by anything but his car and personal arsenal. They’d tracked Cas’s cell phone signal to this area of the Parisian city that Sam called Montmartre, and a church, of all things, a Saint Pierre something or other. Only jaded hunters would feel like they needed more than a couple of blades hastily bought from a shop about a half mile back to walk into a seemingly picturesque house of worship with.
He then straightened back up and resumed his intense stare at the human. Sam’s eyes flicked down to the army man and then back up to the rooster’s face. He may not have known anything really about chickens, but he was pretty sure this could not be considered normal chicken behavior. There was something severely off about this, and his sixth hunter sense began kicking in.
So there was an apple pie and a six pack of Dean’s favorite beer under the tree with bows on them, and Cas beamed with cautious pride when he told Dean he’d made the pie. Sam gave a wink at his brother over the angel’s messy hair, suggesting that he may have helped some. Between the two of them, they weren’t quite helping Dean’s newfound resolution to eat better.
Dean had been able to maintain a nice buzz, just shy of drunk. Now they just had to get his...their...angel and get out of there. But where the hell was Cas? He wasn’t at the bar, he wasn’t at the snack table, he wasn’t at the edge of the dance floor where he’d enjoyed being for a good portion of the night, watching all the costumed fools flail about.
“Where the fuck did you get him that outfit anyway?” His brother blinked at him for several silent moments.
“I don’t care about Dante,” Dean returned coldly. He didn’t care about dead authors or history or the beauty and vibrance of the city around him. He cared about finding his angel, and now that he was this close, he was out of patience. The brothers wandered into the church along with several other visitors, Sam trying to smile at people and make up for Dean’s tendency to push ahead of them.
“Stay focused,” Sam warned quietly, always able to tell when Dean’s horn dog tendencies were surfacing. What, he could appreciate a nice body was all. And it would be just too easy to get laid tonight; everyone knew Halloween was an excuse for people to be a little sluttier than they usually were.
Dean’s back stiffened again at this, and at the way Cas was grabbing one of his ass cheeks and meanwhile his fingertips found the edge of Dean’s pubic hair. This had gone beyond far enough - whatever sorcery Cas had used on him thus far to find his touches tender rather than invasive was done.
Dean twisted around to peer into the backseat, his hand holding tight to the steering wheel to ground himself like only his baby could do. His heart turned over at the sight that met his widening eyes.
The angel hit the power button on the remote and allowed himself to lay down on top of Sam’s always made up bed covers. He didn’t need to sleep, of course, but after a trying day, he had found the benefits of letting his vessel recline and rest while he turned his mind off the best he could with some show or movie. Ah yes, this program about the five older ladies living out their retirement years together. Cas huffed a laugh at the characters’ biting but affectionate jokes towards each other and decided sweet Rose was his favorite. With the only light being the TV and no current demands on him that he could do anything about anyway, Cas began to relax as best he could.
The familiar low roar of the Impala underneath him as they sped through the night was supposed to feel like home, as comforting as the blood pumping through his veins. Dean loved his baby, he really did. But right now she was taking him, mile by mile, farther and farther away from
“Oh stop it,” Cas said, his tone exasperated but still gentle. Then he thought, why not, what was the worst Dean could do right now, peck him to death? And he reached up his hand, finger outstretched, to stroke once at the bottom of Dean’s comb along the top of his beak, as Tracy had done. Dean’s first reaction was to pull his head sharply back, and Cas braced himself for the pointy end of that beak to stab at the skin of his hand. Maybe he deserved it - that had been bold, something he’d never do to a human Dean. Though perhaps he’d like to, and he tried to shove that thought away.
Hands that held the power to smite or heal with about the same amount of effort cradled Dean’s face, and the bluer than blue eyes were back to drinking him in. Hesitantly but with purpose, the angel kissed the hunter and Dean welcomed the fire dancing along each of his nerve endings. This time there was a closed door and a comfortable bed instead of a ringing phone and this lent a languor to their movements that they both leaned into.
Cas dragged him to the next exhibit still holding hands and Dean glanced around, at the families and the couples surrounding them, feeling a bit subconscious, not sure if he could feel their eyes judging them. He’d never been big on PDA’s, of course he’d rarely had someone to do them with, but it’s not like he could let Cas down anyway.
“Dean, you are so beautiful,” the angel said almost reverently, all traces of a growl gone, and Dean flushed in spite of himself. That voice was kind of...soothing. Not to mention no one had ever spoken those words to him before. And yeah, it was gay as fuck, but there was something about those words in Cas’s voice that made Dean feel...special. Then the angel’s hands began wandering and Dean found his indignation again.
Dean wasn’t expecting the warm, dry lips being pressed to the skin of his back, or the next, more bold, open mouth kiss to the spot where his shoulder became his throat. Cas shifted so that it became his index finger at Dean’s hole, still just resting on the outside, while his other hand snuck around Dean’s front again.
“I think he’s telling us to go ahead with this plan,” Sam said cautiously, and Cas sighed in defeat. The world did need Dean Winchester to be human again as soon as possible. The problem was that damn witch could be anywhere.
I thank each and every one of you for reading, kudoing, and commenting, and though I have many other writing projects I also want to work on, I'm not done writing Destiel by any stretch of the imagination.
For those who may live in Paris or have visited, my apologies if I have done less than well at capturing the idea of it. The Lulu White is a real bar, though, and now I kind of want one of their signature drinks that I decided might be able to make Dean Winchester just tipsy enough.
“Well, aren’t you a handsome fellow?” Cas greeted the chicken warmly. Did the bird just stand up even taller than he had been?
No missed calls. No sign that Dean had stopped in and gone back out for coffee. Sam was allowed to be annoyed now. Or worried. But he tried to choose annoyed as he dialed Dean’s cell again. This time straight to voicemail. So his phone had died while at some chick’s place or…
Cas was pressed up against the front of another man and the way they were moving together, to some modern bass-heavy piece of garbage song, dripped sex. The man was blond and built, the multi colored strobe lights bouncing off the muscles of his bare arms. He was apparently supposed to be a cat as well, a leopard, judging by the printed vest and too tight spotted leggings that hugged him in the most sinful of ways.
“Merry Christmas, Cas,” Dean smiled back. He slid closer to his lover to be able to kiss him good morning. He loved Cas’s bed rumpled smell of having cuddled with him while Dean slept, it was another of those tiny intimate details that made the hunter sink deeper every time he noticed them. He sighed in contentment with his head against Cas’s chest, wrapped in the angel’s arms. But it was Christmas, and they had to get up.
“So why are we here?” Dean asked, forcing the tremor not to rise in his voice. He was tired from the fight with the archangels and he wasn’t sure how much strength he had left to bring down another celestial being, even a lesser one, if he had to. Sam wasn’t able to get in here, wherever here was, and it had been Cas that had saved him from destruction in this room once before. If he was now turning on him...Dean was trying hard to not admit to himself that he was scared, but he was.
“Cas, stop it,” Dean commanded, his voice strong as he leaned up to get his weight shifted back to his feet. But Cas was stronger and a hand pressed into his back, keeping him bent forward slightly while the other hand continued to knead his ass. To top it all off, he could feel the edge of a trench coat brush against his legs every so often. It was insult to injury; he was being molested, there was no other word for it. And now Castiel’s low voice came again, huskier than Dean had ever heard it:
The feathers alongside Dean’s narrow head were next, and by now Cas’s lips had the ghost of a smile as he felt how silky they were. He liked Dean as a chicken, he decided. He loved him as a human, of course, but avian Dean was letting him touch him. Cas was very aware it was not remotely the same thing as what he’d not been able to help, just sometimes, fantasizing about doing to Dean in the dark, but it still brought him a quiet joy to be able to show his affection for Dean in this way, while the hunter badly needed comfort.
“Aye,” she told him, “I’ll need something from his person from when he was, well, a person, you’ll have to get me some grated
“I don’t know what choice we have,” Sam said, looking at his brother the chicken. “We can’t leave him like this. I guess we could see if it just wears off with time.” At this, Dean lifted himself onto his strong stick legs and strutted over to Cas, who was sitting on the corner of his bed.
And then he was wrapped in that angel’s arms, being held tighter than anything, and he was clutching at Cas in turn, not able to get close enough after coming so close to losing him. It wasn’t like Dean to sob, but he was horribly close to it as he took in Cas’s strength and realness and love.
As Dean settled his head back against the top of the seat, he closed his eyes and tried to take a deep breath. He opened them when he heard an annoyingly friendly warm male voice.
“Fuck, you’re good at that,” he told Cas breathlessly once he’d managed to pull back. Cas’s fingers clutched tighter at the back of his neck and his waist where they were anchored in response, and Dean could have sworn he felt him tremble. He definitely identified the press of heavy warmth on his hip, and a thrill of uncertain desire trickled through him at this knowledge. This whole sharply attracted to a male thing was still new to him, and he wasn’t sure how far to let blind lust lead.
This job had come up at a good time, an unusual death by a household Halloween decoration, over in Indiana. Something to get Dean out of the bunker and away from everything. Or so he thought.
Cas surprised them both with his present to Sam, though. A gift card for a dinner and movie date, and showing him the texts from the girl they’d rescued a few days ago from some vamps just over the state line. In the midst of things, Cas had happened to be the one to give her his number so she could text when the fangs were about to attack. The guys swept in and made quick work of it, and Dean had thought that the brunette was glancing a lot at Sam, but that wasn’t unusual and they’d had to head out quickly on another lead.
Cas had been staring at him for years, and while Dean had sneaked plenty of secret glimpses in exquisite denial, it was high time he openly returned the honor. There was a certain comfort in the angel’s mere presence, that much Dean had learned to appreciate a while ago. But it took him slowing down and facing Cas, and himself, just like this, just like now, before he could truly soak in the value of what Cas had been trying to give him all along. Maybe only a true angel would have been able to be this patient with a cursed lunkhead like him.
” It wasn’t even big enough to meow properly. Dean’s shoulders fell, the tenseness leaving his body now that he knew there was no threat. He sighed, reminding himself that he’d known this day was going to come, he’d just hoped he’d have a little more time. And seriously.
Rowena’s eyes sparkled with glee as she watched Dean hop out of the Impala and strut as stiffly as he could while being led on a leash by Cas. The angel scowled at the witch, no semblance of pleasantries between them, but he did keep silent and let Sam talk, knowing they needed her.
Rowena could not stop giggling when they met her at the edge of the parking lot of the casino that she claimed to now own. She was dressed in one of her usual showy, form fitting dresses, black and green velvet, at odds with the midday Nevada heat. Cold hearted bitch was probably never warm enough, Sam thought uncharitably.
“Yeah, sorry, that’s not a request I follow when it comes from a guy. No offense.” Dean even managed a small smirk. If force wouldn’t do him much good, maybe he could use his wits. Wouldn’t be the first time they’d save him, or at least give him an advantage.
“But I must ask you for your approval of this arrangement,” he said seriously. “As deep as my bond is with Dean, he is your brother and I have no intentions of getting in the way of the connection you had with him first.”
“C’mon, Dean, let’s go home,” Cas said, and teleported himself and the rooster into the map room of the bunker. The Winchester’s base had become something of a home to Castiel as well, even if he didn’t spend as much time there as the guys. But the brick walls, the polished wood, the smell of hundreds of old books and parchment were familiar and welcoming to Cas, and he hoped they were to Dean as well, especially now.
“Bawk,” he uttered firmly, and stared at the angel for a moment with his head on a tilt, his feathered neck at a sharp angle. Then he turned to Sam and gave the best approximation of a nod that a rooster could, red comb and wattles shaking with the motion.
Dean stared at the sweet and pretty but tough little thing where she was cradled into the crook of Cas’s arm, content to be right where she was. Her fur was two shades darker than Cas’s hair, her sleepy blinking eyes as bright green as Cas’s were blue, and the way she snuggled into the angel made Dean glad they were able to give her a safe home. Then all at once it came to him.
“Dean!” Sam’s voice began to cut through the haze of rage and jealousy, and he could feel Sam’s strong arms trying to pull him off of the guy on the floor.
The tiny, almost hair-like feathers on Dean’s not-really-forehead were somehow smooth and rough at the same time, like running one’s finger against the grain of peach fuzz. The rooster’s eyelids fell closed partway, and Cas took that to mean that Dean was enjoying the, well, petting. This warmed Cas’s heart considerably, and after a few moments, he dared to explore the texture of Dean’s comb with his fingertips. It was so warm, the skin smooth and soft, and under Cas’s gentle touch, it was not drooping quite as much as it had been.
“I borrowed your clothes again. I hope you don’t mind.” Castiel did indeed have the band tee on, the flannel, the jeans, and Dean was so happy to see him it almost hurt. But.
Cas could have said something, he could have moved away, but he found himself rather honored that Dean was there, next to him on Sam’s comforter. Chickens were social animals, Cas was reminded; Dean must just not want to sleep by himself in his room. So Cas turned the volume down on the TV a bit as Dean tucked his head back on his wing and promptly fell asleep. The angel fought the urge to reach out and feel those rich feathers under his fingers again. Instead he just watched Dean, for once still and peaceful, almost as much as he watched the television all night.
With a glance up at his lover’s expression, and of course Cas was staring down at him wide eyed, excitement and love shining in those blue orbs so that was the only thing Dean saw before his tongue came into contact with cock for the first time. Not one to back down from a challenge, even one he’d only made for himself, he licked a healthy path up the underside first, and didn’t let himself shy away from the already leaking head and slit. It really didn’t taste that bad, he reflected, especially as Cas let out a little whimper of pleasure above him. If he thought that felt good…
Who was he kidding, he was not in control here, nor did he want to be. He relished Cas’s soft grin as his lover sank deeper into him, the angel’s strong hands coming to cradle his upper thighs. Cas’s thumbs dug into the delicate flesh just shy of where Dean’s legs met his pelvis, and this simple touch, combined with the still exotic burn of his hole being stretched, almost had him coming. Though he desperately wanted to keep watching Cas and the way his lover’s face twisted with the sensations he was experiencing as his cock had slowly nestled its way all the way inside of the human, Dean’s eyes closed involuntarily and his neck arched his head back into the floor. His body was sheer electric bliss already.
“I missed you,” the confession came, deep and open and simple. Relief and longing twined together crashed over Dean in a wave, and he barely had the presence of mind to scan the quiet street and make sure Sam at least wasn’t on his way back to the car. Screw anyone else.
“What about Grace?” he asked, stretching a hand out to run a finger down the fuzzy body. The name certainly didn’t describe the awkward kitten that she was now, since she had nearly fallen off the bed half an hour ago as she’d played with Cas’s feet, but Dean knew she was going to grow into a sleek, beautiful cat that would probably never be far from her rescuer.
Cas sat down heavily on the bed, his legs not able to hold him any longer, angel or not, and even through the faceful of semen, Dean had to give a proud smirk at his accomplishment. It actually didn’t taste as bad as he’d thought it might; he’d heard it was bitter, and okay, there was that one time he’d shot a load so hard a spot landed on his lips and out of morbid curiosity he’d licked it off. That had reminded him of cheap warm beer that had sat out open for a couple of days.
If it was ever just them, he thought, and they had a place, he’d never be able to deny Cas getting some sort of pet, Dean realized. They’d probably end up with a gimpy one eyed dog or something equally as pathetic. Or Cas would get his hands on something illegal and ridiculous, and Dean wouldn’t have the heart to tell him no. Where in the world were these thoughts even coming from, Dean pondered as Cas sat on the ground at the lemur enclosure, perfectly content.
“Yes he is,” Cas remonstrated, his tone gravid. “As you are his.” The weight of his words and stare left no room for argument as the brothers looked over at each other. Castiel wasn’t wrong, they silently acknowledged to each other. Dean quieted.
It had been an emotional day, and the whiskey from the spiked eggnog was still warming his blood, and aw hell, the real reason Dean’s eyes were stinging was that he was just so deeply in love with and devoted to this angel...he didn’t need or want the excuses anymore.
Castiel cannot decide what to feel...er, he means...think...about Sam Winchester. He knows what he’s done of course, but he also knows that Sam never really had a choice. Azazel cursed him when he was just a youngling. Still, Cas remains hesitant around the younger man, cautious just in case. But being in the same room with Dean and Sam is more than the angel had expected. He might not understand emotions but he can sense when there are extremely strong ones about. Usually it’s the fire of anger or the tang of fear that is apparent enough for Castiel to be aware of when he’s around humans.
“DEAN,” another voice commanded, and another set of hands grabbed him tight. These arms were clearly not taking no for an answer, and they were the only ones that Dean could not struggle against.
Cas’s head tipped back, exposing his throat as if in utter surrender. Teach him, he had asked. Dean was well beyond being able to deny him.
“Dude, don’t think I’m judging you or anything. I think it’s awesome.” Sam’s tone made it obvious he was being sincere. Dean’s expression remained pinched but his gaze softened slightly. He still wasn’t going to address such a mushy topic.
“Now, my sister, she’s the one that can heal anything or anybody. It’s always Sequana this and Sequana that, she gets all the glory and riches. While little Sirona has always had to be in her shadow. Well, not anymore,” she gloated, her creepy eyes gleaming. “Once my old pal Dante over there is done with his spell, I’ll have an angel and all the healing power that goes with him. Then let’s see who can help more people!”
An hour later and Dean had almost lost sight of Cas as more guests had arrived at the party. The alcohol was flowing, people were getting more talkative, and it was getting tough to try to get information while also watching Cas’s every move and the way his shoulders flexed underneath that tight tee. Dean inched closer to where the angel was, tuning his ears into the conversation he was having.
“C’mon, shoo,” he said, and waved a half hearted hand at it. Did chickens bite, and had it just rolled its eyes at him? It certainly didn’t seem to want to move from its spot, standing resolutely behind the steering wheel and staring straight ahead, as if he wanted to drive even though he couldn’t quite see over the steering wheel. Then it released another yell and began pecking at the steering wheel almost angrily. At this, Sam finally overcame some of his wariness and shoved, albeit gently, at the large bird, managing only to move it a couple feet further into the car. Well that hadn’t been his intent.
. But Cas merely stood there until Dante’s spirit dared to peer up at him, probably wondering why he wasn’t being obliterated. Even as he lifted his head minutely, Castiel began to glow, his eyes going sterling, and then his wings unfurled, dark shadows with a very real gleam to them, taking up most of the room. The resting at the bunker had obviously been doing its job, because his unearthly power was overwhelming in the small space, and Dante began to tremble. Dean, off to the side, wasn’t doing much better. He’d seen Cas angel out before, and it was unquestionably always awe inspiring, but right now it was making his knees weak. He almost wanted to kneel himself.
“Yeah I know,” Sam agreed with Cas’s silent amazement, and went to enter the motel room. Dean of course followed him right in, Cas on those spurred heels.
at you like that? Like you were the center of their world and they might crumble if you went away. Dean grabbed for the lapels of the trench coat before his knees gave out.
The hot length and girth of Cas sliding along the cleft of Dean’s well lubed ass was making the hunter’s hole flutter eagerly and requiring these words to be panted out.
Hell, Dean hated all this uncertainty but it fueled him through the rest of the drive. He dragged his feet following Sam inside, grateful to be home and craving his bed but not sure he wanted to know if Cas had really taken off. It would be all right even if he had, Dean told himself, he wasn’t a prisoner and it’s not like he wouldn’t come back. Dean was really taking this attachment thing too far. Well, he never really did do anything halfway.
The rooster’s deep golden eyes were almost intelligent as he looked around at the Impala’s interior, down at his own feet, over at Sam, and out of the windshield. The bird’s movements were sharp and quick, his thick comb bobbing a bit with each twist and turn of its head.
One of the only things that Dean didn’t appreciate about having the kitten around was that Cas insisted that she be allowed in bed with them if she wanted. Luckily Dean barely moved in his sleep so there wasn’t much chance of his rolling over and crushing her, and of course Cas was there and awake to ensure that didn’t happen. This meant that Cas held her and not Dean a lot of the time now and Dean wasn’t exactly jealous of a cat, but...if his lover wasn’t so heart stoppingly adorable when he cuddled her he might have to put his foot down.
“Seriously, Cas, what the fuck?” he tried asking once more. One hand was smoothing down his spine while the other wandered over a pec, then slid lower. Dean’s heartbeat was fluttering in his stomach and he wished he could stop it long enough to think straight. Because he was, undisputably, straight. There was no way he should be enjoying these touches, these caresses, of the calloused hands of this dude that he’d barely begun to consider a friend.
Castiel does have a soft spot for humans, his brethren are right. They amuse him, and when he’s not working he enjoys watching them go about their lives: raising their young; running their little territories and keeping order, though usually badly; and all the seemingly insignificant activities they perform in a turn of a sun, most of which Castiel doesn’t understand. But they’re oddly cute creatures, in a so-ugly-they’re-cute kind of way, and after all, they’re his Father’s favorite creations. Castiel would love them if only for that reason.
Sam came back to the driver’s side and slid into the seat, watching the rooster as it clearly watched him. If he didn’t know any better, he’d think the thing was staring him down, trying to tell him something. Sam looked away from those sharp eyes, and turned the key in the ignition, thinking surely the impressive rumble of the Impala’s engine would scare the bird away. But it seemed to actually stand up straighter. Now it seemed to be analyzing the tape deck Dean insisted on keeping in there. It’s not like it was even original to the car, so Sam didn’t understand how it was so wrong to update to an iPod dock.
“You mean they want to have intercourse?” Cas asked, in that no nonsense way of his. Which should not make Dean flustered.
There she was - the Impala, in desperate need of a bath, sitting in the middle of the parking lot of the Dog Days Saloon, alone except for a rusty blue pick up some spaces away. The aftermath of a small town bar and at least a couple of patrons that were smart enough to know not to drive home. So if Dean had left with a chick, they’d taken her car. Sam tried calling again as he drew closer to the Impala, not having much hope and finally beginning to be worried. He pocketed his phone as soon as Dean’s voicemail kicked in yet again and dug in one of the smaller compartments of his light jacket, for the copy of the keys to Baby that Dean either didn’t know he had, or pretended not to know.
If he can get drunk, that must mean he’s losing what makes him an angel, he knows. He refuses to think about this until the next day, until after the headache finally goes away. Sitting in a corner of the motel room by himself, a silent statue, he mourns the slow loss of his grace. How much longer will it be till he has no more mojo, as Dean calls it? Do humans always feel this utterly
Castiel rather likes being drunk. He sees what Dean sees in it. The world gets fuzzy for awhile and problems don’t seem to matter anymore. Sam seems to be judging him, but he helps him to the couch anyway. Cas doesn’t quite understand why he is wishing so badly that Dean would sit down next to him, but he knows the man is busy trying to save the world so he doesn’t let himself pout about it like he wants to.
“Well, open it,” Dean urged. He watched Cas flip the box lid up and take in the sight of the contents even as he dropped to one knee, trying his best to pretend that they were alone but also happy that Sam was over there somewhere.
He looked up from the cat to his Cas and saw that those beautiful eyes were nearly glowing as he watched the kitten explore more of the surface of the map table and start to peer around at the huge room she’d found herself in, her bravery slowly expanding. That was the look that was usually reserved for him, Dean couldn’t help but notice, and he knew he was doomed. Cas was in love. With a goddamn feline. He could already feel the prickling behind his eyes and the tickle deep in his sinuses. He added allergy medication to the growing shopping list in his head.
“I’m not doing anything wrong,” Sirona said, her eyes glowing in defiant triumph. Dante, now behind Dean, had fallen silent and there was a thrum of magic vibrating in the small room.
“Oh no you don’t,” Sam said as he made to grab it out of the beak, not caring about the risk of another peck or bite. Maybe it was stupid or too sentimental, but that little green army man that he’d put in that ashtray when he was three years old was part of the soul of that car, part of Sam’s soul. He couldn’t let some wild chicken take off with it.
Whatever. The younger Winchester shook his head to himself and flipped off the light. Dean had saved his life at least twice today, and it had been awhile since he’d sown some oats, to be fair. After all these years, Sam knew he would forgive him so he didn’t know why he bothered getting upset. He stretched out as far as the bed would allow and closed his eyes, his body grateful for the comfort and promise of rest.
It was late, perhaps past midnight and Sam had gone to bed some time ago. Dean and Cas had not wanted the day to end, so they’d stayed up, spiking some eggnog and talking about what their future Christmas traditions together might be. They already weren’t sure who started stripping who first, both evidently wanting one of the traditions to be getting each other naked under the Christmas tree.
He watched Cas lift the damp little body out of his pocket, her body tiny in his strong hand. The needle claws were scrambling for a handhold on his skin but he just held her securely, wiping the water out of her fur. Typically Cas, he’d shifted into soft and gentle as easily as he’d gone fierce protector. Dean’s heart melted in spite of himself, as it always did when he got to witness this transformation.
It all makes sense now: the irregular heartbeats, the constant concern for him, the loneliness when he hasn’t seen him for awhile, the longing for his attention, not that he ever has to wait long. Castiel has fallen in love with Dean Winchester. Well, he had wanted to know what it feels like to feel.
As he watched them that night in bed, Dean smiled lovingly at the two of them together. The kitten had grown a little already with doting care from her adopted fathers, and she had a round belly full of food that would hopefully keep her content for a few hours. She was lying pressed against Cas’s warm chest, and the angel was staring down at her with that endearing little smile on his face that Dean would never not be in love with. Cas stroked her head, making the mite purr. Her meow was still weak and wobbly, but especially in the quiet of night, her purring could fill the room and Dean admittedly rather liked how it could lull him to sleep.
The rooster answered with a lower pitched yell that again sounded like it could be saying, “jerk” and pecked at Sam’s arm, more gently this time.
“Thank you, Dean,” Cas said in the sincerest tone ever once they loaded themselves into the car, Dean’s feet aching. He couldn’t remember the last time he’d walked that many miles in a day, but it had been worth it.
Their eyes locked in the glow of the lights, pupils both blown wide as Cas began sliding into that ring of muscle, guided by the trying-to-be-gentle grip on his hip. Dean’s heart stuttered, his gaze held hostage by those dark blue eyes, and he lost himself in them as thoroughly as he always did. His hand went slack on his angel’s hip; in fact most of his muscles did. His legs opened wider, his own hips slid forward, and his arms fell to either side of him.
“The tigers,” he said seriously. “They remind me of you.” Dean tried not to let his chest puff out a little at this. When your lover compared you to a tiger, it was hard to remain humble.
“Write down what you got for info tonight,” Sam instructed as he shoved their things into their bags. “I’ll arrange to have a couple other hunters take over the case. We’ve gotta get out of town.”
“Well, you’d better bathe her, she’s probably got fleas and who knows what. And I don’t suppose you thought to get a litter box yet?” Dean found himself saying. He watched the kitten wobble around on the image of Australia. She barely looked old enough to be away from her mom.
Cas was clumsy, no doubt; his teeth scraped the sensitive flesh sometimes, and he didn’t think to use his hand right away for support and steering, making him look rather like he was bobbing for apples at first, but Dean could not have possibly cared less. This pure act of giving, of his partner wanting to make him feel good, was so beautiful in and of itself that anything Cas did would have been heavenly.
“Uh, um, well, yeah…” he got out, then was happy to be temporarily distracted by the bartender, from whom he ordered two rum and cokes, even though he knew Cas probably wouldn’t want one. To his surprise, Cas did accept it when silently offered.
“I know,” Cas agreed, “I’m worried about him too. But he’s strong, and smart, Dean.” He took a sip of the pungent amber liquid, not finding the taste pleasant at all. He still took a second sip as he returned to the map room and lowered his own body to the floor, using the leg of the table as a back rest.
Cas had lately taken to going for walks in town now that it was getting warmer, which helped give him and Dean some rather needed space since they were closing in on final wedding plans. Dean was also working on a secret project for his lover, so the time apart was working quite well. Until it was the angel that surprised him.
The younger Winchester climbed back into the Impala and departed, leaving the angel and the rooster standing there watching him go. Cas didn’t miss the way some of the light left Dean’s round eyes and the way his comb had deflated a little. He bent down and tenderly scooped the chicken into his arms once more.
Dean gently took the ring from Cas and slipped it on his fiancee’s left ring finger, a rush going through him at the symbolism of the action. Cas held his hand up to admire the band, eyes soft and shining.
And Cas acquiesced; slowly, gently, then faster and needier, and with every rhythm change, tips of feathers trickled along the human’s arms, and ribs, and hips, and thighs, alight with power and grace.
Castiel’s grip was heavy on Dean’s shoulder as the angel marched the hunter into that damn green room, with its walls as white as ever, the garish gold accents as overdone as ever. This wasn’t the first time Dean had been forced into this room of course, but he’d thought he was done with it. Zachariah was dead, killed by Dean’s own hand, the apocalypse had been averted, with no archangels having had to possess anybody. There was no further need for the celestial dicks to try to make Dean do or not do anything. He thought. So why was Castiel bringing him here?
“And I would not dream of entering into a union with you such as this without Sam’s blessing,” the determined angel finished.
got to get out of town,” he then said. “You didn’t do anything wrong, you should stay and work the case. We still don’t know where killer uncle is buried.” Sam paused in his packing and regarded Dean with that shrewd expression of his.
Cas, perhaps taking the song literally, or maybe just getting a hair up his butt, slid over as far as the console would allow, leaned over it, and began running his lips up and down the side of Dean’s throat. Dean instinctively tilted his head to the other side to allow him access while keeping his eyes on the road. He was a damn good driver and if Cas wanted to mess around, he could still keep focus without too much of a problem. Nice 45 mile-an-hour cruising speed on the way back home, and oh that was Cas’s hand on his inner thigh.
“Then why isn’t he answering his phone?” Dean’s voice was leaden, and then he growled at the laptop as he hit a wrong key and a page he hadn’t wanted popped up. Sam stared at his brother for half a moment, then relented.
Cas pieced together a sandwich for him, between his limited skill and what the guys had left in the way of groceries. He found a bowl to place it in, pouring water into another bowl. He’d decided it was best if he put some distance between himself and Dean, and this included not holding his food for him. Now that they were at the bunker with options like dishes, this was easier to accomplish.
Layla. Maybe. The Stones had Ruby Tuesday. Good god, no, any name but that. Angie, though, that could work. Mmm, too casual somehow for her. Lodi, from good old CCR, likewise Suzie Q. That could be cute. Ugh, none of them wanted to fit.
“Um, Cas,” Dean started, “Your tail…” Not that he’d been looking at the guy’s ass, he just hadn’t been able to help but notice.
“You’re so fucking beautiful,” he nearly sobbed, his vision going blurry as he couldn’t keep the tears of joy and surrender at bay anymore. He wasn’t even close to coming yet and he felt like he might explode.
“He hasn’t been gone that long, has he?” Sam queried. “He’s probably fine, just has some angel stuff to do or something.” This was reasonable; Cas always had taken off at times and he always came back to check in. Dean didn’t care.
Even Cas, who would have been able to get away with saying he was a tax accountant if anyone asked, had gone all in, Dean discovered as the angel walked out of the motel bathroom. Little black cat ears sat atop his always messy dark hair - seriously, it almost always looked like someone had just been tangling their fingers through it and that someone certainly wasn’t Dean. Cas wore a simple black tee that looked a little too tight on him, which Dean guessed was one of his, and were those pants friggin leather? And of course there was a tail, long and also black, hanging from the back of his waistband. Jeez, it’s not like they were going to a gay club, Dean thought, but he knew Cas wouldn’t understand that remark.
That slick finger found its way inside of him, and Dean wanted to hate it. This was wrong, he hadn’t asked for this, he hadn’t told Cas this was okay, he’d never wanted anyone to touch him there. He didn’t want to want more, he wished he wasn’t desperate for Cas to wrap a hand around his dick again, he certainly didn’t give permission for the needy moan to leak out of him.
“You know,” he said before his breath ran out on him again, “You’re supposed to kiss someone before you fuck the ever loving shit out of them.” Dean’s heartbeat was in his throat. He wanted to run from the room, even though he still couldn’t, and at the same time, he never wanted to let go of Castiel.
Dude was almost pressed up against him. Dean could piston his elbow back and hope it connected, but he knew the angel would be able to overpower him in the next moment. The hunter’s mind raced with ways to get out of this, survival instincts not quite able to take over since he didn’t seem to be in a life or death situation. Yet.
“I think - I think maybe I can figure this one out on my own,” Cas said with determination, and laid the tenderest of kisses to the tip of Dean’s rapidly growing erection. This rather hurried the process along, to the point that Dean wasn’t sure there was enough blood left in the rest of his body.
A slow clapping began sounding from over by the table, where Sam was giving them a standing ovation. Dean and Cas drew away from each other to turn towards him.
She was certainly fun, and cute, and not all that annoying. When she would play too rough or start to scratch at the woodwork, Cas would pick her up and give her the gentlest stern talking to one could ever imagine, and while Dean logically knew she couldn’t understand, it seemed to stop the behavior for at least a little while. It made him wonder how Cas would be with a small kid, and he decided to shelve those thoughts in his mind for inspection at a much later date.
The man let go of Cas’s hips in order to defend himself, and Cas stumbled forward with the force of Dean beginning to shake his dance partner. This meant that the man had the room to turn and swing at Dean, which he did, uttering an angry, “Dude, what the fuck?” as he did so. He landed a blow squarely on Dean’s jaw, proving he was no stranger to a tussle. But he was also no match for an enraged Winchester, and Dean shook off the punch and hurled himself towards him.
Sam swore, as he shoved his last pair of somewhat clean jeans on and tucked his pistol in the waistband, clipping his favorite knife to his belt for good measure. If Dean was still asleep wrapped around someone, Sam would give him hell. He opened the door to the motel room and ran a hand through his bed head hair. At least it was a nice day, the bar Dean said he was going to wasn’t all that far, and Sam had long legs.
He set the rooster down on the floor, letting Dean get his legs under him, realizing maybe he’d been holding him for a touch longer than he’d strictly had to. He unclipped the leash from the harness, and considered taking the whole thing off of him, but if he should need to leave with him again, he didn’t think he’d be able to get it back on Dean by himself. So on the pink thing stayed, but Dean seemed unconcerned with the encumbrance now.
“She’s not a thing!” The smile was suddenly gone, the blue eyes on fire, Cas fierce in his indignation on the animal’s behalf. Dean didn’t roll his eyes, he didn’t, he just - shifted them away.
Thank fuck Cas must have done enough research to not be completely clueless. His hands left their respective spots, and Dean heard some rustling and a click. Then the finger that he definitely hadn’t missed, nope, no way, in the short time it had been away was back, and it was slick, and it was sliding along his hole, and he was bending further over the table in spite of himself.
Dean swigged his coffee, not even appreciating the taste. He wandered into the library where Sam was at the table, leaning over his laptop.
How often would they get the chance to be in the city of love, after all? In which Cas is a hopelessly romantic sap, and Dean ends up not far behind.
This was stupid. They pretty much played dress up every other day of their lives, but at least it was in still-normal clothes. Though Dean did have to admit, the sight of Sammy in a ruffled white shirt, knee-high black boots, a swash-buckling red coat, and an eye patch was hilarious. Leave it to his little brother to use this as some sort of wish fulfillment.
All Dean could do was catch his breath and stare at Cas’s full wet lips for a moment, terrified to meet the angel’s eyes but also perfectly happy with where his gaze currently was. His entire body was thrumming. And the ringing was persisting.
“He’s the one that tipped me off while you were in the shower that Shane wants to press charges.” To Sam’s credit, the look he shot his older brother was doing its best to be blank instead of judgmental. “He’s tried talking him out of it but he can’t. He’ll meet up with us as soon as he’s done at the hospital.” Dean nodded, forced himself to, the sick feeling back in his stomach.
As usual, he’d stepped too close, and now rather than the “Yes Dean?” that the hunter had gotten used to hearing in that gravelly voice, Cas made this sound, like a cross between a snarl and a growl. Dean’s head drew back, and under normal circumstances he would have laughed, but he couldn’t quite manage it. Not with Cas’s bluer than blue eyes, somehow made brighter by all the black, so intent on his own, and Dean guessed the message was clear: Cas was not meant to be some common house cat. Out of nowhere, Dean had an image of trying to put a collar on this Cas and he did an abrupt about face to get away from the angel and
Dean's known for awhile now that someday Cas would bring home some kind of pet. Just as he's known he wouldn't be able to tell him no. And then there's the matter of a name.
“Again, remember, blend in,” Sam reminded them as he drove to the party, Dean’s pregaming earning him the keys for this trip.
That is, he does until he chooses Dean. This much is conscious, at least, though he may not fully realize until much later why he makes the choice he does. For the moment, it’s got nothing to do with the way the man looks at Castiel in salvation now when he shows up, or the stupid laugh he forces out when he’s trying to lighten the mood, or the adorable way he gets so excited over something as simple as pie. Nothing at all to do with those things. It’s just that Cas cannot allow someone who is trying to do the right thing not be able to at least have the chance.
“I live with the two of you,” Sam bit back with a smirk. “Anybody would be. But seriously,” he continued to press, “Did you guys have another fight or something? What happened that day I went shopping?”
Cas didn’t like leaving Sam alone to go bargain with a crossroads demon, but the hunter assured him he would be fine, and there was Dean to think about. He certainly couldn’t come with Sam in his current form, so the task of babysitting fell to Cas, not that either of the guys called it that out loud. Dean was clearly mad enough as it was, straining at the leash as Sam and Cas took their leave of each other.
Cas was moaning himself, shoving in deeper and deeper until Dean was completely impaled. Fuck, it hurt. But it also somehow didn’t, as if being filled like this was right and good and perfect and if Dean had been capable of rational thought he would have slapped himself for these feelings. So luckily he wasn’t, he was just a ball of lust and need with an angel buried inside him.
