You don’t get to control my life or the people in it
“In addition to which, your idea to have Barnes install a separate camera was good, as it gives proof of the fact that he rigged the Yard’s internal surveillance system and left his shift of duty,” Mycroft tells Sherlock. “It was risky adding the tracker to his vehicle, however.”
Lestrade sips, then says, “They’ve got to be the same gender. Men, specifically. Fact is, there’s a place that runs couples counselling services for same-sex male couples and I think it may be a front for something else. There’s something shady going on there, at any rate. I need two people of the same gender, obviously, to pose as a couple and spend a bit of time there. Er, you two came to mind.”
Mrs Hudson turns on her side to face Rosie, the blankets drawn up to her ears. “I hope we’ll both get some sleep after this,” she says, rather crossly.
“I do, a bit,” Sherlock admits. He accelerates. “Do you know where this road comes out? I’d rather not double back.”
John gets out from under him and pads over to the bathroom nude. Sherlock rolls out of bed on the far side and watches for an admiring half-second, then unwinds the sheet from around his ankle and hastens after John’s retreating form.
Next they decide on the spicy fried rice with prawns and a side of pork dumplings. No sooner have they closed the menus than a server appears to suggest cocktails and take their order. With his guidance they choose cocktails. The menus are whisked away and the server disappears. John leans forward, his elbows on the table, and Sherlock’s stomach gives a flutter that has nothing to do with hunger, the nerves returning in force.
John does pull back now, propping himself up on one elbow, though his leg is still slotted in between Sherlock’s. His eyes are sober as they scan Sherlock’s face. “Let me just rinse my mouth,” he says. “I want to kiss you.”
“Something like that, yes.” Sherlock doesn’t rush him.
Gary reasserts himself. “I hope you’re beginning to see what we’re seeing, John. Your casework is obviously something that’s taking priority in your life, over your availability to care for your own child, as well as in finding a more stable arrangement for her. You need to find a wife. It’s that simple. Why haven’t you given up this hobby to find a steady, full-time job? You could do at least that much for yourself and your daughter, plus it would make you a far more appealing marriage candidate.”
It’s the best night of Sherlock’s life. They talk until their bodies stir again, and then the talking ebbs off as they experiment some more, Sherlock fitting himself into the space between John’s thighs to taste John, try arousing him and pleasing him with his mouth and tongue, and finds himself better than he anticipated at this. When John does it to him in return, he comes so hard that he sees stars, and it’s magnificent. They spend the entire night exploring together, talking and testing and kissing, and Sherlock feels as though he’s crossed into some wonderful, parallel dimension, a life unimaginably better than he could ever have hoped to have.
Scott explains. “He would never have left without the watch his dad gave him for his university graduation. His dad died three years ago and he’s obsessive about that watch. He once thought he’d lost it and was absolutely hysterical. There’s no way he would have willingly left it behind, even if it was the only thing he took. But he left his laptop, ipod, his expensive gym shoes, his phone charger, and the leather jacket he just got last autumn. He likes his stuff. He’d have packed if he were leaving me for good. And the fact is that no one has seen him. I’ve asked a couple of the other guys, none of the staff, and no one has seen him since the steam room.”
He begins slowly, just rocking into Sherlock maybe an inch or so, buried to the hilt, then gradually increases how far he pulls out before pushing back inside. It feels so good he could cry, and Sherlock is panting, starting to make sounds he can’t help, moaning on every exhalation. When he winds a leg around John’s hip for greater purchase, John knows that the pain must be past, and lets himself go a little harder, then after Sherlock pants out a request for more, harder still.
“For a long time, I thought he was two-timing you with that little starlet,” John says. “It was how I justified some of it to myself. I am sorry for Corey’s sake, but – ”
year, of all years, when so many people have lost so much and we’ve all found our lives shrunk down to the bare essentials – who would have thought that we’d have finally found this, after bungling it for so many years?”
He shakes his head. “Not particularly.”
The warmth of John’s arms is more addictive than anything Sherlock has ever experienced. “Okay,” he says unsteadily, and John draws his face down and kisses him again for a very long, very good while. Time loses all meaning. The only thing Sherlock can think of, or wants to think of, are the precise movements of John’s lips and tongue against his own, of their breath, of his own heart beating wildly. He becomes aware of John unbuttoning his coat and pushing it off his shoulders even as they kiss. He steps out of his shoes next and gets closer to John and it’s
“Yes, because the other was off sick and the manager stepped in.” Sherlock closes the photos and puts his phone down. “So why would a man lie to us about a wedding ring theft? What’s his game, John?”
Sherlock remembers his wound. “Did you sleep all right?”
John nods, still having difficulty. “Okay. Good,” he says, his mouth even drier. His mind is blank, but then he remembers to circle back. “How come you didn’t sleep well?”
John squirms internally. “I don’t know,” he says honestly. He squints at her. “I suppose?”
extremely private about it, evidently. But it was never about Irene. The kiss goes on and on, their arms wrapped tightly around each other. John feels as though he can’t get close enough to Sherlock, and Sherlock seems to be feeling the same way, their thighs pressed together, bodies touching down both their fronts. John can feel himself responding physically to this and hopes Sherlock won’t be put off by it. Now that it’s sure that Irene was never in the picture that way, he can be fairly certain again that Sherlock is fairly much completely inexperienced and doesn’t want to push anything on him before it’s time. But then Sherlock starts kissing a rather sensitive place on his neck and John gasps, blood rushing south and stiffening his erection almost painfully, his hips jerking forward in automatic response, pressing into Sherlock. He moans again, because Sherlock is hard, too, and feeling him like that – for real, not just in a dream – is unbelievable. John feels the sharpness of Sherlock’s inhalation, directly into his neck, and then his hands are sliding up the back of John’s t-shirt to grip his skin. John throws his head back, mouth open, and attempts to breathe and just hold on. Sherlock’s mouth descends on his throat and he thinks he might just shoot off in his pants if this keeps up. He hears himself say Sherlock’s name, and it comes out shaky and punctured with breath.
Sherlock is rueful. “A little too much, evidently,” he says, and John laughs, but nicely.
Sherlock. His heart starts to pound, which is ridiculous.
is so moving that I couldn’t refuse him if you paid me, not that I’ve got any intention of trying. “You don’t have to ask,” I tell him, feeling swamped all over again by how much he means to me. I give my cock a slick of lube and get it lined up. “I’m all yours, you know. Every single part of me.”
“We don’t fight about it, because he just pays for everything,” John says, picking at the fabric of the armrest.
Sherlock feels a foolish smile stretch out over his face. “Every night?” he asks, for once not trying to filter out the sound of the hope in his voice.
Sherlock glances sideways at John, so John smiles. “Bit of both, if you really want to know. Though considerably more of one than the other.” There. Not a single twinge of discomfort. Instead, all he feels is pride, and better still, Sherlock’s fingers tighten a little in what might be silent relief that John didn’t deny it.
He turns to face Sherlock again and Sherlock is there, his forehead on John’s, lips nearly touching his, his arms folding themselves around John’s shoulders. “I want you more than I’ve ever wanted anything,” he says, his voice low and like velvet in John’s ears. His very proximity is like a drug and John’s entire being flares into love and arousal both, the two impossible to distinguish at the moment.
“No,” John says firmly. “You can absolutely just let him touch you, since this hand here definitely indicates that he wants to. Or if you’d rather be touching him at the same time, then you can initiate that, too. It’s up to you. You’ve got options and you should choose whichever one feels best to you.”
“What a creep,” Sherlock says under his breath as they get out into the corridor. He looks around. “Let’s go for a walk,” he proposes.
“All of whom are entirely competent professionals,” John says patiently, but he’s already moving to the sink to wash his hands again.
Sherlock gives a slightly tight-lipped smile. “Okay,” he says, and John wants to scream. Is he to understand that these plans don’t involve him, or what’s the deal? Besides, when has Sherlock ever agreed to have dinner with Irene before, unless there’s a great deal that Sherlock hasn’t told him about?
“John – ” Sherlock takes an involuntary step toward him, then makes himself stop, find words to fit around these concepts. “It isn’t about wanting it or not wanting it,” he says with difficulty. “It’s only that – this is so important to me. I wanted you to come home. So much. More than I… and I was afraid to say anything that would make you feel pressured to do so, lest I scare you off. I’ve thought more than once since my return that I had lost this forever, and I would do whatever it takes to keep from losing it again. Even if it means – not pursuing this. Do you understand what I’m trying to say?”
“No, I did three tours,” Greg says. “Afghanistan, then Kenya. Also Kandahar in between those two, but probably after you were there. That’s when I made captain.”
Sherlock makes that same sound. “Not really.” His eyes flick up to John’s very briefly before dropping again. “I didn’t know when you’d be up, so I didn’t prepare anything. Besides, you didn’t seem to like it when I did, the other day.”
Sherlock nods, too, though it’s more of a frantic jerk of his head. “Okay.” He looks down between them, John’s legs splayed, knees drawn up. “Like this?” he asks. “On your back?”
And so, John had: visited, at first. His visits were daily almost from the beginning. Sometimes he brought Rosie; more often he left her with Mrs Whitney or Molly or Mrs Hudson or Harry and her current girlfriend. Or anyone else he could find. Sherlock almost began to wonder at times whether the visits were actually intended for his own care for or John’s. He would speak fondly of Rosie when asked, but nonetheless seemed relieved to have the break, invariably changing the subject back to cases, to getting out and doing something. Next, his possessions began to slowly migrate from the flat he’d shared with Mary in Chadwell Heath into the bathroom, the kitchen, the sitting room. As they took more involved cases, John began sleeping over on occasion, first on the sofa, then shifting upstairs to his old bedroom. Sherlock said nothing, neither challenging it nor remarking upon it in any way. It was what he privately wanted – had wanted very much since before his return to London. He’d more or less successfully shut off that desire, to have their old life back – to have John back in the same way as before in general – and shut down any attempt on John’s part to discuss it, whether to justify his then-current living situation with Mary or to become verbally nostalgic about the past. No point, really, so why bother? John’s plans to marry Mary would not change, so why dwell on it?
“That’s in… North Carolina?” John guesses, and she looks appalled.
“John. Stop. Please.” This is going so badly. “I wish you wouldn’t be so determined to – to be hurt by everything I’m trying to say,” he says with frustration. “I only mean to say that – that I feel incredibly fortunate to have what we have. And I just think that perhaps we should… learn to be content with what it is. Work at making that stronger, if you like.”
John swallows. “You,” he says. “This. You and me. That’s what I want. I’m just sorry it’s taken me so long to figure it out. But I’m sure now. I want this. I want you.”
“No, and I told your mother that,” I say. He sounds ever so slightly defensive and I wonder if he’s still feeling edgy about the thing he thinks I’m holding back. I want to reassure him some more. “I liked us all being together on Sunday like that,” I say. “It really felt like we were a proper family.”
Sherlock shrugs helplessly. “I don’t know. I don’t think so. The last time I saw him was two weeks ago, at another case… Things had been – I don’t know. Not great, but… all right. Stable enough. But then we had an ugly case where an abused wife murdered the husband with their nine-year-old child there in the house, then committed suicide in the bath with the girl just down the corridor. The wife had been abusive to the child, too. It wasn’t pleasant, and John… was odd about the whole thing.”
Mycroft shrugs. “His other option was to stay here, and try significantly harder to do better by you. That option was not significantly discussed.”
Bob sniffs and scrunches up his mouth. “It wasn’t good, I can tell you that. He was a bit of a creep. Very distant on the surface, polite enough, but cold, you know what I’m saying? But behind closed doors… we could hear him shouting sometimes. Seems like a different side of him came out then.”
Sherlock meets his father’s eyes steadily. “It’s all right, Dad,” he says quietly. “You couldn’t have known how far it went. How bad it was. Or what to do about it even if you had.”
Sherlock nods and swallows. “Not – but similar. The same place. Same situation. Just a different memory.”
“Let’s see what they’ve got,” John says briskly. They join the queue, wait for their turn, and pass through a bizarrely regimented ten-minute allotment to rapidly scan the tree selection and make a choice. Sherlock leaves that part to John, silently committed to supporting whichever tree John seems to like. John chooses a balsam fir in the end, claiming that it will be deeply aromatic once it thaws.
John nods, salting and peppering their eggs. “Did Marina Gub – whatever it is – have any known affiliations that we should know about?”
“All right.” John abandons his suitcase where it is and flops onto the bed on his front. It’s very comfortable, and this is pleasing. “Let’s see what we’ve got here.” He scans the stack of information. “Looks like we’ve got a whole programme lined up,” he comments. “You’re right that this is definitely more than a wedding show. It’s more of a conference. There are even workshops. We could go and learn how to make our own centrepieces.”
“And you won’t forget about his shoes,” Sherlock reminds him.
His words go straight to my throat and choke me up. I blink and pull his mouth down to mine and kiss him for a long, long time after that. The rest of the world could be burning to the ground. Nothing else even matters right now. Only him.
She looks a bit contrite, but nods. “We counted,” she says softly. “It’s not a complaint, John. And – we didn’t quite say that right. I mean, adoption is a possibility, but what we mostly mean is that we’d like to offer to have Rosie here full-time. That’s all. She’ll always be your daughter, no matter what. That goes without saying. It would just spare you the question of what to do with her at nights when you need to be out and about solving crimes, and how to keep her safe. How better? I doubt all those journalists even know you’ve got a sister, never mind where she lives. And you know how much we love her. She’s already got her own room here. We bought a cot months ago, after Mary died. She’s got a swing and toys and clothes, a changing table, bottles – we’ve got everything. And we wanted a child. I work from home – my office is right next to her room, so I’d always be close.”
“It’s America.” Sherlock shrugs. “Britain’s not all that different. You know very well that my brother is lurking behind every CCTV camera there is.” He stops at the intersection of Forty-third and Seventh, and nods toward the north. “This way.”
John had watched him, privately marvelling at Sherlock’s compassion, but not sure what to say. “I don’t think that anyone would blame you if you did,” he said, as gently as he could.
“It will be,” John says firmly. “Anything we do – I mean, this is already better than anything I’ve ever – I mean that, Sherlock. Just – touch me. Any way you want.” He leans forward to close the space between their mouths again, his mouth already addicted to Sherlock’s. They’re on their sides facing each other, so John decides to just take the initiative, reaching between them to cup between Sherlock’s legs, finding the hardness of him there, and Sherlock sucks in his breath in a gasp. It comes out shaky, his eyes opening to find John’s, and then his hand is there, too, touching John through his jeans. John smiles and nods, his eyes on Sherlock’s. “Just like that,” he murmurs, then puts his mouth to Sherlock’s again. They rub each other fumblingly, then by tacit agreement, get each other’s zips undone and out of the way. John makes the first move, sliding his hand down into Sherlock’s underwear and feels the shock that goes through Sherlock’s body as John’s fingers find his cock for the first time. He’s gasping against John’s cheek, but makes a feverish sound of assent when John murmurs a questioningly, wanting to make sure this is all right.
, John.”
“Yeah?” he asks, feeling like he doesn’t know what his expression is doing. Probably too much.
, so they take that, too. The entire thing takes them under two hours. By noon, they’re eating lunch – a lasagna Mrs Hudson brings up to eat with them – and John’s things are unpacked and put away, Rosie’s cot and nappy changing station are already rebuilt, and she’s playing peacefully in her playpen in the sitting room as they drink coffee and discuss the rest of the day.
Sherlock’s jaw clenches. “Well, now you know.”
“Yes,” Vee says, thinking about it. Sandy-blond hair, shorter than Sherlock, strong. And the one who purportedly won their fights on the high seas, too. “I do see what you mean. But this is a real man, Mycroft. He’s flesh and blood.”
“I’m just – offering an out,” John says quickly. “Just in case it’s too soon, or whatever. Nothing has to happen at all. I don’t even have to sleep down here if you think it’s too fast.”
Todd nods again. “It sounds complicated. But then, life is complicated. Love is complicated. We’ll have a good crack at all that this week! All right, next what I’d like you to do is each say one thing you love about your partner. After that, I’m going to give you some questions to ask each other, and I want you to answer as honestly as possible, to the best of your ability. Brad and Doug, why don’t you start us off?”
Sherlock nods. “Yes. I think so.” He hesitates. “Thank you, John. Again. Thank you.”
“Not one single second,” Sherlock repeats firmly. “There was no debate. I never would have chosen Mycroft over you and Mycroft knew that, too. It’s why he tried to make it easier for me to choose him.” He glances at John. “But you believed him, didn’t you. That you’re stupid and worthless and replaceable. I saw it on your face. You really thought I was thinking about it, didn’t you. That I thought it was true, what he said.”
He sounds very aloof when he does. “Yes.”
John gets out of bed, feeling nearly as conflicted as he felt the day he left Baker Street for Sherlock’s parents’ place with the general agenda of going back to Mary. Not that he’d wanted to, but he’d thought it was the right thing to do. There was a child on the way, his child. He had to. But he hadn’t wanted to. What he wants, and this is becoming clearer than ever, is to go downstairs, pull Sherlock into his arms, and tell him in no uncertain terms that he wants Sherlock to forget the name of Corey Graham forever, to kiss him right then and there, and to come back upstairs again tonight. That’s not going to happen, though. Sherlock has a dinner party to go to, and a date to stay overnight at Corey’s fancy Covent Garden condo after. John scowls at his dressing gown and pulls it on.
John nearly knocked Rosie off his lap at hearing it. At first he couldn't understand what was being spoken but when he could, his mind could only assess all the things wrong with the proposition.
"Seriously brother? Is this your way of demonstrating affection? The stares you are giving John are better suited to murder victims. I'm beginning to doubt about my proposition. If you cannot handle it, leave it to me. I would not let John think he is in the hands of an incompetent lover."
"Truth or Dare?"
Sherlock came into his line of sight and his eyes were shooting daggers at her. He was seething.
John opened his mouth to speak something when he heard some disturbance on the other end and then he heard the baritone , the same one which used to cause butterflies in his stomach when used to deduce someone.
John took a deep breath to calm himself and was trying to brace himself as he admitted, "I need protection against Sherlock."
“Johnny, that is more like Mycroft’s style, not mine. Besides, I do want to enjoy the thrill of the chase. What is earned with hard labour is eaten in pleasure.”
"Yes, I have given it to your PA. Now you may leave."
"And what is the agreement, brother dear?"
John realised his gaping and tried his best to stand straight and wall his expression but failed. The Holmeses apparently already deduced because Sherlock was scowling at him, Mycroft was amused and Eurus was visibly flattered.
Sherlock sighs and waits for a reply but John still can't process how is his heart still beating after all the handful of heart attacks he has experienced this night. No he will not stop believing his best friend.
Eurus gave a choked laugh. Neither of them uttered a word for the next couple of minutes. Mycroft had tried almost everything and was now at a complete loss of ideas as to what could possibly make Eurus help him deduce important intel on the next potential bomb blast. There was an uncomfortable silence for a while and then all of a sudden-
"Oh dearest John, because I love you and I can't watch you leave me. I love you and have every intention of making you mine. Ours, now. You will come to love us too." To be honest, Sherlock thought 'ours' had a nice ring to it. Two geniuses giving John the attention he deserves is such a turn on.
"No John, Thank you", he replied curtly.
Mycroft's face remained as impassive as ever but his voice dropped a pitch. "We have important matters to be discussed today."
"N...no...nnevver!", He quivers as Sherlock starts pumping up his dick into full hardness. One hand still stroking, the other moves to his chest to tease his pink nubs between the long fingers. John fails to bite back his whine when Sherlock torturously pinches one of them for a seemingly long amount of time.
"Yes Sally. I know. But it is too risky. I am so sorry to put you in harm's way like that."
"Goodnight."
his guts. He knew he had a dark side which prompted him to take what he deemed his own, then and there, but he controlled his urges.
, but still."
"Sherlock, don't worry, I'll just send her for an extended vacation with Mrs. Turner. She will come back eventually, but we will have to make sure her visits to Baker Street remain brief. It will protect her."
"Okay, hmm. Yeah, alright."
"To NSY. We need to file an FIR right now after which we will start the investigation."
"My real reason to come here is to spend time with the two of you. I really like being around you two and minor visits at Sherrinford weren't enough. As about the change, yes I have." Wasn't it true? She did change. She never felt so deep for a man before. John changed her. Those 15 minute visits at the prison left such lasting impressions of him.
He was a soldier, a celebrated one at that.  It's not often, but he relishes reminiscing his days back in Afghanistan (and Syria before he had to shift bases), when he was known for his stoic comportment. Soldiers, medics, civilians. All of them admired John for he was man of profound prudence and for his sincere dedication at saving human lives, irrespective of his own safeguard. In retrospect, the life was less compromising. But this was before he was shot and invalided home of course. At returning to London, he had almost lost every purpose of existence.
“Innocent? Really John? She perfectly knew that you lived with me and yet she had the guts to pursue you which is UNACCEPTABLE.”
"What I want to imply is that she wishes both of your company. If either of you denies, she will back out from the deal. If I were you John, I would say yes in an instant. Yes, unless you are afraid of a bit of unpredictability and aren't too keen on acting in the country's best interest."
It looks as if this just instigates Sherlock to prove his point and the thrusts go erratic and rough. The sound of skin on skin is outright vulgar adding to the lewd noises Sherlock made. Not to forget, the lack of lube is making John's skin chafe with excruciating pain. But it was within his realm, he was trained to handle physical pain, although what follows it...is preposterous.
feeling though? Does it still feel dizzy? Don't worry it's just a temporary sensation, love."
John was tired. It had taken him a good part of an hour to reach the underground train station, trying to dodge all of the CCTV cameras looming above the streets. He pondered upon his recent situation sitting inside the train he had boarded at Regent's Park Station heading towards Paddington. God bless Sally for the Oyster Card. Speaking of Sally, he was really concerned for her and felt guilty to put her in harm's way but he just couldn't help it. To be honest, fleeing london was so easy right now- with all his stealth skills developed during his army days as well as working on cases and chasing off mad criminals. Only if there wasn't this one problem. With Rosie in the hands of the Holmeses, it was as if John was held of an invisible leash which stopped him from escaping. He would never have thought that Sherlock could do this. Rosie was so fond of his
John's penis, already semi hard from the classic frottage he just received, jutted out rather obscenely. Oh seven gods, this was utterly humiliating. Being exposed like this, naked, bound, in front of a woman planning to rape him and a man who was his only best friend. He was a father for God's sake! But no, here he was, pinned underneath a woman who plans on ravishing him like he was some fuckboy.
When the porcelain skinned man realises he was about to come, he immediately jolts his right hand to pump John's cock and it's just three hard strokes rhymed with three thrusts to the prostate as both of them come, the bottom man spurting white streams on his chest (again) whilst Sherlock ejaculates inside John - wet, warm and sticky.
John as his lover (Sherlock's words, not his) and using him as some sort of sex toy (His words, not Sherlock's) since a long time?
"Donovan, I really do not have enough time. But please can I trust you?"
"Okay, okay calm down John. Wait, this isn't a prank or something right? If so, I am really not in a mood."
"If you would like, I can arrange her to move out of London at a short notice with a convincing reason. You would never hear from her or about her again."
He jumps to pick it up and realises it is Anthea calling him.
With that, she gave a couple of hards strokes as he came in her hand, the semen spreading on to his abdomen and chest. It wasn't the best orgasm, but definitely the most odd one. When he regained himself, he saw Sherlock coming too, in his pants!
John understood the silent question. "She clearly wants both of us here, so I can't be moving out. Fine, let's see what this is all about. This can't be bad."
Mycroft needn't relay the information to his siblings as clearly they understand.
"Oh, don't flatter yourself. I do accept that it was...unlikely to find both of you reaching a compromise but it wasn't improbable enough to not consider it as a possibility."
"Which is-?"
Mycroft elegantly made his way out towards his black sedan and smiled triumphantly to himself. So it went according to the plan. The initial days and confessions will be a havoc, but there was nothing he couldn't handle.
John lets out an utterly lecherous cry when Sherlock hits his sweet spot. Oh god no. Prostate is a highly sensitive place and he can't-
"Yes sweetie, come to mummy!", Eurus cooed as she took Rosie in her arms. Rosie was a true Watson though, stubborn like her father and she couldn't stop crying and yelling in her embrace. Sherlock came next and took her from his sister and started making funny noises while cradling her. It was then when her cries turned to hiccupped sobs and eventually grew quiet. In normal circumstances, he wouldn't have missed the chance to rub it in her sister's face that he had an one up on her, but right now the most important thing at hand was John.
him? She could have just asked!
"Wh what? I had cleaned the room out for Rosie!"
here is to move in with my brother Sherlock and his- his best friend John." Maybe Mycroft was imagining things but he saw a shadow pass across her face. "I do need to catch up. Besides, the two of them are interesting and I want to lead a normal life - with them"
If anything, Mycroft was definitely not expecting
"Oh yes. What's wrong Watson? Lovers' spat with the freak is it?", she tries for good humour. The look that John gave her showed that it wasn't the best thing to say. John oddly didn't try to shut her off or correct her regarding her teasing him and Holmes as a couple. Rather, he looked as if he would just pass out when she mentioned it.
"Why do I need to care when I know my doctor is with me?". Sherlock flashed a  toothy smile which made John reciprocate equally.
"Am I the only manipulative
"What the fuck is going on? You know what? I'm sick of this. All of this. Would someone tell me what's the matter here?!" John is loosing his cool.
Sherlock considered this and looked at John. Sherlock didn't give two shits about good deeds but having Eurus would surely give him adrenaline rushes and they could have genius conversations at times. But if that meant John was at stake, then it was a complete no brainer that Sherlock would refuse.
"What is it I see Mycroft? Aah, confusion is it? I don't blame you though.", Sherlock widens his eyes in fake amusement."
"Oh John, don't be surprised. You do know, I'm better at games than your other flatmate.", Eurus winks at John.
"Do not worry, John. I would never hurt you, unless a bit necessary. I know what I'm doing, my love. Just relax. I'm sorry I would not use lube tonight. You need to know that you belong to me now completely and I want to mark you. I want you to remain sore for a few days so there's a constant reminder that I've finally claimed you."
Eurus couldn't control her laughter on that. "Wow. Wow? Isn't that what pedestrian people say to such foolishly obvious questions? Jim told me once." She kept pacing the room. "John Watson is a great man and I have had my eyes on him. He intrigued me the moment we exchanged numbers after the bus ride. We used to chat with each other but at that point of time, I was focusing on Sherlock. John was still on the back of my head, mind you. After our little game got over, John has also been visiting me along with Sherlock and won't you agree how fascinating he is? I can drink that smile he gives me when I throw a particularly smart jab at Sherlock. How can one not love him? He is meant to be coveted. Beautiful little human with a dangerous streak. Such a lovely paradox, isn't he? Wouldn't he make such a good lover?" Eurus was blushing like a lovesick school girl which was amusing and so out of character from Mycroft's perspective that he couldn't help but gape.
"Don't mention it. I am always up to help people. And you are a special specimen Watson. Just call me when you reach the safe house okay?"
Mycroft visibly tenses on the question but sternly replies, "Eurus will explain that to you Dr. Watson. And Eurus, have you created the file on the bombings?"
"Really Eurus, I swear I'll kill you. Stay away from John!" Sherlock can't remain silent, obviously.
"You told me? Oh, I'm sorry, I must be too shocked to register it. But, Christ! There is an infant life at take! We need to report now!"
"If he wants to quit, he quits!" Sherlock shouts through clenched teeth.
"No, please continue. I don't see why me liking it or not matters to you. Just fuck me and get it done with. I'm tired and want to go to sleep." Funnily, John is not tired, he's a lot of emotions right now, but he won't show it. The man's pretending to be resigned to turn Sherlock off. He has stayed with the detective long enough to know that the he will get bored like this and leave John to peace if he acts indifferent.
"John, of course, you are free to stay at my place till we find a more permanent solution. As for the Holmeses, I think I have plan."
She then bends down to press her lips onto John's, the kiss chaste at first, then sinks her teeth ever so slightly onto the man's bottom lip. After a couple of minutes, she backs away and moves out of the room only to return after five minutes or so along with a pair of handcuffs, some zip ties and a few rope string rolls.
It took about half an hour on the tube to reach Charing Cross. He had dropped all attempts to hide from the pesky CCTVs on the note that if Mycroft really wanted, he would have caught him en route itself. No, the Holmes siblings wanted to play, and John knew by experience, that whenever they are in the mood to
"Fine, not gonna lie.", she placed both hands in front of her, palms upward, placatingly. "Lying won't help me anyway...seeing our genius detective is here, you probably would find it out by how my hair is styled or some shit like that, isn't it freak?"
"Just move me into Baker Street Mycroft. You would get what the British government wants and leave the plans of 'how to make John mine' with me."
Mycroft sighs. "Eurus is not wrong Sherlock. And if Gods forbid, Mrs. Hudson realises something's amiss or tries to help John escape, I wouldn't put it past Eurus to dump her body somewhere "
"You do not have to worry about the sleeping arrangements. That would be taken care of shortly. To be honest, she is perfectly capable of using her power and putting herself here but she wants to change and has taken the effort of making a straight forward deal. Doesn't this make things better? And think about how many lives you would be saving John. If we allow her to live here, she can help us deduce Intel on special forces."
"What? You would not dare to do any such thing."
"Nonsense, John. I am not kicking you out of your bed."
"What the hell are you doing Sherlock?"
With that, Mycroft sighed and left. Eurus grinned wide and started making plans on wooing John. Sherlock would give tough competition, she knew. This entire thing would indeed be interesting and she would love John like Sherlock could never. She sat down by her cot in the corner and began writing 'My John' on the wall with her fingers repeatedly all the while plotting her devious plan.
"John, this is outrageous! Madness, I tell you! I am so sorry John, I did warn you, but even I couldn't know Holmes would stoop so low."
Eurus was positively ecstatic after hearing those words. "Convincing you was easier that I thought. I always knew you had a dubious morale Mycroft."
"Mmppphhhh"
"Ugh, you're such a shame to our family name, really. John has been on a bird-hunting spree since a couple of weeks, and has been setting dates with a woman who unfortunately shows equal interest. He's been taking leaves at the surgery lately to meet her. I mentioned earlier that I was keeping a watchful eye on John from Sherrinford and I wasn't joking."
Sherlock had never felt something so exhilarating his absolute life - until this very night. Agreed, the crime solving business gave him a sense of refractory high, oh morphine and cocaine helped too, but everything was exhaustible and eventually became
"Ohh fuck!"
“Veronica Thompson. Rings a bell?”
“I am NOT your lover.”
And just with such heavy tension surrounding them, they leave the premises to get into a car with Mycroft constantly on the phone throwing orders at his men as Sherlock and Eurus try tracking John's phone. All of a sudden, Eurus looks at Mycroft.
"Yes John, this is heavenly, isn't it? We can come now together, come on John, we can do it."
John underestimated them. They deduced Donovan's involvement, albeit a bit late by the detective's standards. Donovan would have to pay though. Sherlock had no proof but he was quite sure that Donovan must have offered help to John, quite happily. This was unacceptable. If she thought she could withhold John like that from Sherlock, she was wrong. So very wrong. John was theirs and no one messed with what was theirs.
"Sorry? Oh, wait. Yes, of course. Of course! I know what you're thinking Eurus and I'm in cent percent agreement." Sherlock claps his hands in excitement.
"You are my conductor of light and after you moved out with Mary, I realised I might as well kill myself as my life is nothing without you in it. Your place is beside me and I am willing to do everything I can to make it happen. I beg you to not make this hard for all of us here and just let us in John. You have no idea how much I have pined for you and masked myself to a platonic disguise all this time. You have never encouraged my advances and you wouldn't unless extreme actions were taken. To be honest with you, I had everything strategized even before my sister came along, she just made me prepone my plans. And if you expect an apology, I'm afraid I can't give it to you as I'm not a least bit sorry for taking measures to keep you mine. Ours now."
Brenda shakes her head, walking over to the main part of the corridor. “The camera is mounted just up there,” she says.
The other couples talk and Sherlock wracks his brain trying to think of something which is both true, yet won’t scare John off. Todd calls on John first, to his relief.
John and Mrs Hudson both laugh at him and John ties the dressing gown shut again. “Sorry,” he says to Mrs Hudson, without any discernible trace of real apology. “Just wanted to check. And no, I didn’t stay on the sofa last night, if that’s what you were trying to get out of Sherlock.”
He doesn’t let go when the server comes, either. The server pretends not to notice and Sherlock punches in the right numbers on the portable machine with his left hand, which makes me want to laugh and kiss him at the same time. Outside, he waves down a taxi and I actively restrain the urge to kiss him, to unbutton his coat and step inside it. His very proximity is like a drug to me and I feel heady with it. I already know that we’re going to start snogging again the instant we’re inside, and I can’t fucking wait. He probably knows that we both got ourselves off after that kiss last night. He probably knows that I know, and that knowledge is going to have an effect on whatever comes next, I’m pretty sure.
Sally smiles. It’s unpleasant. “What’s your name?” she asks.
The lady’s fingers twist together. “Nothing – I think they said she was poisoned. It was awful. It happened right during dinner.”
John finds he can’t look at Sherlock, though suddenly his presence at John’s right is impossible to not be acutely aware of. “Don’t be ridiculous,” he says uncomfortably. “You can’t just put us on the spot like that.”
come from parachuters signalling whoever was waiting to receive them!”
She tries it. Just in case it will work. She got the words out, airily told Sherlock how very much sex she and Todd were having, but his only reaction was a combination of confusion and awkward,
“I don’t deserve you,” John says again, his eyes closed tightly. “But if you’ll have me back, in any way at all, God – that’s all I want. You’re all I want, all I’ve wanted since longer than I can say.”
“Upset? No, not really,” Corey says. “It’s just an inconvenience. I just wanted to let you know that my PR folk will probably be reaching out to tell you what you should say if anyone actually does contact you about it, if you don’t mind.”
John winces. “Of – of this cottage,” he specifies. “I mean – do you… like it?”
is giving you a trip to Bora Bora,” Sherlock corrects smoothly, smiling at her. “And he’ll be very put out if you refuse; he pulled strings and got George Clooney’s reservation bumped, so you really do need to go.”
When he walks into the café, Sherlock is already there, a cup of coffee sitting in front of him. He’s on his phone. Texting someone? John’s suspicions are immediately roused, bristling, and it makes his shoulders tight. “Hi,” he says, stiffer than he meant to as he pulls out the chair opposite Sherlock and sits down.
A small silence forms after he stops speaking, and when he looks up at John, slightly uncertain, he finds John smiling at him with a gentleness around his eyes that Sherlock hasn’t seen in awhile. A long while. “You’ve grown,” John says, his voice sounding a little tight. “That’s – that’s really beautiful, Sherlock.” He clears his throat, dispersing the odd moment. “And if you want me to come with you at all – not down to the cell; I know you’d want to see her alone – but upstairs in the control room – I’d be happy to. Just if you want.”
“You will,” Sherlock promises. “Come on. The paramedics are here, see the ambulance outside, there? And that American doctor was so quick with the antidote. She only took a sip or two. We’ll see.”
“Dr Watson?”
Sherlock treats him to a cool smile. “Not a thing, aside from having contributed significantly to Larson’s pet project, which I believe you know as ‘Operation Seize the Pride’. Going by your emails, you were well aware that this was to be mass-scale murder.”
He hears her take a careful breath of her own. “How’s John?” she asks. “Is he still… is he doing better?”
“Lies,” Avi says. “All lies. You know you can, and you will.”
“Of course you felt guilty, then,” Margaret says, her voice full of understanding. “That’s completely understandable. Do you have trouble keeping those feelings apart from any guilt related to the fact that she died?”
I crane my head forward over his shoulder and kiss him obsessively, as needy as he is, my hands going instinctively down to cradle his cock and balls as he softens, holding him protectively, minimising the exposure. I love him so much it hurts. When he’s grown soft enough, I tuck him back into his underwear and zip him up, then gently disentangle my tongue from his. “Come on,” I tell him. “Get your shirt tucked it. It’s got to be midnight by now.”
This makes Sherlock laugh, the sound welling up from his chest. “Don’t be ridiculous. How would the state of your eyebrows tell me anything useful?”
John kisses back, the water still running over his hands. “I can taste them in your mouth,” he says after, smiling, his eyes half-lidded. He shuts off the water. “I bought strawberries, too, and fresh figs. Is that enough to go with the cheese, do you think?”
“Can I just – ” John gets out, then puts both hands down the back of Sherlock’s pants to show what he means, and Sherlock feels his entire body tremor.
“Hmm.” Sherlock considers this, his mouth bunching up at the side in a way that isn’t making John want to kiss him any less. “Let’s go out, then. I feel as though I haven’t left the flat in days.”
He smiles. “Besides, there are better things we could be doing than pinpointing every particle of blame.”
Sherlock snickers and goes round to the other side of the table in good humour. John watches, only half paying attention to what his hands are doing. Greg and Stacey are both ridiculously attractive, and to his annoyance, he notes that Sherlock doesn’t seem to mind getting close to either of them. He’s between them, first frowning at Stacey’s crinkled and refolded crane, giving her a word or two of guidance, then peering over Greg’s shoulder to walk him through the steps from the start. He doesn’t touch Greg in any way, but John’s hackles are up nonetheless.
Sherlock gives him a half-smile at this, puts the car into gear and begins to drive. “I can’t believe you walked all the way from Batkovica,” he says, and John hears the unspoken request to let the entire subject of Serbia drop.
“No, but you said he was off saving your life,” Harry says, with a hard stare. “You said he couldn’t tell you. He told us that, too.”
“Of course.” John rolls off him again, turning onto his back. He expects Sherlock to follow and reverse their positions, but he turns onto his side instead and looks down at John’s erection, now straining against his pyjama bottoms.
Sherlock looks up, noticing properly now. “I suppose it is,” he says, careful not to sound overly sentimental about it. He clears his throat. “Where is this place?”
John shakes his head. “I don’t know how long. Over an hour. When I came to myself again, I was sitting on the floor, and all I could think about was Sherlock, how much more I must be hurting him. I’ve… rarely loathed myself more. So I made myself get up, pull myself together, and go back into the room.” He pauses and swallows. “I asked if he was still awake, and if I could try again, and he said I could, to my relief, and he let me put my arm around him. And that made things feel… better, at least.”
When Sherlock comes to his senses, John is lying heavily on him, their release mingling between them, hot and wet and sticky, and it’s good. It’s very good. It’s exquisite. There aren’t adequate words to describe it. “I love you,” Sherlock says into the darkness of the room, his heart still thudding heavily in his chest, almost audible.
The discomfort eases quickly, giving over to a steadily-building glow of pleasure building from deep within him. Sherlock can hear himself moaning, and for once he doesn’t do anything to stifle it, hold it in. His legs are tight around John’s back, cradling him and pulling him ever closer, deeper, his hands gripping John’s back. The movement of John’s torso against his erection is contributing, too, and Sherlock can feel himself approaching the brink without any ability or desire to hold himself back from careening freely over it. He’s gasping, his legs moving and tightening around John, who is thrusting hard and fast, plunging deep within him, his breath hot on Sherlock’s face.
Stacey shakes her head. “You poor thing. I can’t even imagine. Where were you stationed?”
“You did,” Sherlock allows. He makes the same sound, then turns onto his side to reach for the switch of the lamp. “Good night,” he says simply.
to happen at all, ever. I just – ”
magazine, whatever that is. Kyle Rosenfeld. Thirty-three, from Brooklyn, worked as a financial advisor for a big American firm. Rowan Evans (female), thirty-three, from Peterborough, worked as a Year 7 teacher. Christina McKenzie, forty-four, from Edinburgh, worked as a pastry chef in a high-end restaurant. Gabriela Baillaora, twenty-six, from Barcelona. Worked as a singer-songwriter and occasional model. Randolph Winters, thirty-seven, from Twickenham. Worked as a photographer.” He looks up. “No links professionally, geographically, not in age, gender, no relationships between any of them that I can see. Nothing.”
“You’ll be wanting that cheese back, then.” Mrs Hudson retrieves it from the fridge. “I just came up to let you know that I’m going to Cornwall for the weekend. But I should be back in time for the trial. It starts on Tuesday, doesn’t it?”
“Well,” John says,
John lifts his chin and squares his jaw. “I believe in him,” he says bluntly. “I’ve always believed in him, since the day we met, in a way that no one else ever had. As he’s believed in me. That’s what we do for one another. We make each other the best versions of ourselves, or at least we show each other the people we’d like to become, and I think we help each other become those men. When I met Sherlock, I was so impressed with his abilities. I thought that he must be sick of being told how clever or amazing he was, but when I said it, he was stunned. As though he’d never been given a compliment before. Where did that come from, hmm? In this family it seems like everything is a competition of intelligence and Sherlock has certainly grown up believing the narrative that he’s ‘the stupid one’. What he is, is nothing short of phenomenal. I’m not just talking about his intelligence quotient, either. I mean his emotional intelligence, his perceptiveness, his compassion. The things that don’t get measured in paper tests and all of that crap. Sherlock is almost shockingly compassionate, willing to give people second chances even when they’re
Sherlock nods. “As long as we do it together,” he says, and John nods again.
John smiles, his eyes on Sherlock’s mouth, then flicking back up to his eyes. “I’ll admit I was thinking more like your bedroom,” he says with admirable frankness. “But only if you – ”
There’s a small pause. “What about?” John asks.
Sherlock wants to lie, yet also specifically doesn’t want to lie to John. “A little,” he admits, though it’s already lessening. “Just – give me a moment.”
he types back, feeling both relieved and dizzy with anticipation. Tonight’s activity is something bland and uninteresting and one which he will force himself to endure, without Sherlock’s wit to entertain him. But then there will be a later. That thought will sustain him for now.
He presses send, then puts the phone down and does the washing up, trying to tell himself that he’s not actively listening for his phone to buzz with a response from Sherlock. It doesn’t, and when he’s finished tidying up the kitchen, he checks and sees that his message was read, but Sherlock hasn’t answered. His heart sinks again.
Sherlock glances at him. “The Rosomakha,” he says, anglicising it a little. “‘Wolverine’. It was a secret, inner branch of the KGB.” He looks back at the phone. “But Gubnitskaia is far too young to have been KGB,” he says to Mycroft.
“I’m just – curious, is all,” John says, and it comes out apologetically. “I mean – is there no interest whatsoever on your part? One could hardly fault you if there were – he’s a
“Well – what’s your preference?” she asks. “Would you rather come together or separately? I have time for either this afternoon. Or both. Whatever you like.” She doesn’t tell him that Sherlock was entirely right, that leaving Bill meant leaving herself a little strapped for cash. She would never pursue an appointment for her own interests, though. Of course not.
“Starving,” Sherlock replies. He looks around. “What’s around here?”
Sherlock waits, the corners of his mouth set stubbornly. “You thought what?” he prompts, his tone needling. “You told me that you might be in trouble. I said ‘You know where to find me’. I thought that, given the precedent of my having rescued you once before, my offer of help would be clearly understood as such – as that and nothing more. Were you really in trouble, or was this a feint all along to stage some sort of – whatever this is?”
bit out loud. He hesitates, scanning Sherlock’s face, ready to take it back if he’s assumed too much, gone too far.
working through it,” he says, the tension ebbing from his voice. “It hasn’t been all you. We both know that.”
Sherlock’s face flushes, his cheeks staining a deep pink, and it’s so charming that John’s heart gives another squeeze. “Is it – all right?” he asks, the words sounding arch, but John suspects that it really self-consciousness. He glances at John, tossing the tube aside. “I’ve – no one has ever seen me like this before.”
John nods, and decides to let go of his residual guilt on that score. “God, Sherlock – I’m so relieved, you know. I knew I had given myself away last night, and when you said I needed to leave the room, I – well, first I thought I had hurt you, either physically or – made you feel violated or something. And then it started to sink in that I’d just made it totally obvious how I feel about you, and that you were upset about it.”
John smiles playfully. “Thanks, but I’m also covered in butter. I’ll be quick.”
Whatever they’re saying, it desists as they come indoors. “Mummy,” Sherlock says, coming over and kissing her cheek. His hands are gentle on her shoulders and she holds him at arms’ length and surveys him afterward. His brow is slightly creased, but otherwise he looks wonderful. There’s a glow to him that she’s never seen before.
Sherlock thinks briefly of Scott and the safehouse and keeps his face utterly devoid of expression. “Well, if a six-year relationship has just ended, he must be devastated, particularly if Jeremy walked out on him during their stay here, where they came to work on their problems,” he points out. “Perhaps he’s gone to stay with friends, or perhaps his parents. I really don’t know him all that well.”
John is curious. “Did you ever see them together, outside the house?” he asks.
Norman hesitates, then sighs in defeat and opens the door, standing back to let us in. Sherlock throws me an approving look and goes inside. “The bedroom,” he says. “Which way?”
Sherlock’s eyes gleam. He guides John down onto his back, following and looming over him, his hand finding its way to John’s crotch and rubbing him through his jeans, and John moans. Sherlock looks pleased, massaging him with greater boldness than he’s shown before, then slips the button of John’s jeans open with the same hand. He moves down now, and together they get the jeans down far enough for Sherlock to prise John’s aching cock out of the confines of his clothes. Sherlock puts himself in between John’s thighs, lying on top of John’s bunched-up jeans, which effectively renders him unable to move, and bends to run his nose along the length of John’s cock. “You know I’ve never done this before,” Sherlock says, his voice low, his gaze flicking up to meet John’s. “Any – pointers? I know you’ve haven’t, either, but from the perspective of the party on the receiving end.”
“I did think it was somewhat telling that you were comfortable enough with me to ask in the first place,” John says honestly. “Or even just the fact that you were comfortable enough in my bed to fall asleep there, compared to you rarely sleeping well at Corey’s.” He hesitates. “I was trying so hard to keep my own motives clear about the whole thing, but – it did occur to me that if this was the only way it was ever going to happen between us, then it was better than nothing.”
She can hear his smile over the phone. “Friday night dinner lasted until Sunday night,” John confirms. “It was brilliant. And then we got a case – that’s why we’ve been out of touch, sorry, and then things got complicated. We’ll tell you all about it this afternoon. Sherlock’s just in the shower, that’s why I answered his phone, but he’s awake and he said to tell you that he’s been clean for weeks. I can corroborate that. We’re both okay.”
“Lovely,” Mrs Hudson approves. “Am I watching Rosie?”
“It’s never been like this for me, either,” John tells him, his thumb stroking the line of Sherlock’s eyebrow and even this feels exquisitely intimate.
Neither of them volunteers. They’re both avoiding eye contact with each other and her, John chewing at his lower lip from the inside, Sherlock’s nose creasing at the bridge.
John thinks of standing in the church next to Mary, deliberately not looking at Sherlock, and suddenly has a vivid image of him stopping the whole thing and getting out before it was too late. Turning around and announcing to the entire church that he was sorry but he’d made the wrong decision, that it was Sherlock all along. Would Marjorie think him a creep if he had? If, instead of reinforcing his decision to marry the wrong person, he’d run off with the one he really wanted to be with instead? He didn’t, though: he went through with it, married Mary. Focused on getting through the day and trying not to let nearly every word of Sherlock’s overly-long speech pierce him in the heart over and over again. He’d disappeared almost immediately after John left him to go and dance with Mary, and that was the last they’d seen of each other for a month. Until John found him, dirty, bleary-eyed, and high in the same smackhouse as Isaac Whitney.
Mary’s expression speaks eloquent volumes, but she merely shakes her head. “All right,” she says dubiously, as though Molly is turning Sherlock down and should be thinking better of it in her opinion. “I always thought you and Sherlock would be just wonderful together, but of course you’re right. You and Todd will sort this out. You’ll be very happy together.”
This stings regardless of his own feelings. “Yeah, well, they say it’s a thin line between love and hate,” John grits out. “But if you want me to say it, then fine: you’re right. I don’t love you anymore, and the truth is that I’m not sure I ever did in the first place. You pushed every bit of our relationship on me, and yeah, I should have thought about it more instead of just going along with it because I couldn’t see any reason not to. I always should have known that wasn’t good enough, that I was settling for something I only felt lukewarm about. I don’t hate you. I just feel entirely indifferent about you. Although you did shoot my best friend in the heart. That didn’t help, obviously.”
Sherlock watches him for a moment, then crossly tells himself to get it together. Focus on serving breakfast. Once the hurdle of the whole business of seeing John and Mrs Hudson off at the station is done, he’ll be left alone to lick his wounds and steel himself against the loneliness of the solitary holiday. For now, what matters is just getting through it. He dishes up their eggs, sausages, tomatoes, and mushrooms, then sets down the pan and goes to sit down across from John. He looks at his plate and wonders how he can even bring himself to eat a bite.
John pulls another thing out of one of the bags. “I got whipping cream, too.”
“You’ll wreck your eyes, reading your screen in the dark,” John responds. He yawns. “Mrs Hudson’s door was locked, so I didn’t knock. Look, do you need anything? Want me to help you with that? Tea? Something to eat?”
Sherlock finds himself both touched and pleased by the compliment. “Am I? Even without any sort of real experience to offer?”
“Yes. Very. Kiss me,” Sherlock says, and thankfully John stops fussing and leans forward to put his mouth to Sherlock’s at long last. This part is easy now; he knows what to do with this. Sherlock kisses back hungrily, shifting closer and putting an arm around John’s back, careful to avoid the bullet wound. It still astonishes him to find how very good this feels; he used to relegate kissing as a mere overture to the main act, something easily dispensed with, an inessential, mostly-ornamental addition only. He’d no idea how much it could make him feel, the strength of the reaction it creates in him, at least when it’s John doing it. It feels like an avalanche, dangerous in its sheer magnitude, its destructive capability, but he is actively trying for the first time in his life to keep from resisting it, from holding it back. He still overtly fears its power to destroy him in its very strength, but he nonetheless wants this, wants it with every fibre of his being.
Sherlock frowns at the paper, then picks it up and rapidly reads the flimsy article. “Oh, for God’s sake,” he says in exasperation. “As if they even tried to contact either of us!”
Sherlock’s eyes narrow. “Were you watching?” he asks, the question blunt, his voice hard.
Sherlock nods again, blowing on his tea, his lips making a perfect circle as he does. “I’m rather looking forward to that part, actually,” he says, his voice carefully light as he sets his cup down on the coffee table, and suddenly John wants to kiss him again. They haven’t kissed since two nights ago, since before the last two terrible nights and the wall it put between them, and he feels the loss of it keenly.
Sherlock bites his lower lip. “John…”
Sherlock’s eyes glint. “As I said: much more interesting.”
“What did you say?” John asks. “And what did she say? How did you break it to her?”
He moves away so swiftly that John barely has a chance to register that he did until he’s gone. He turns automatically in Sherlock’s direction, like a plant turning toward the sunlight, the words sinking into his brain. He thinks he gets it, what Sherlock’s saying: Irene wasn’t on that list. But now? Would things be different now? Sherlock is stooping to plug the kettle in. John opens his mouth to just ask, just get it out of the way, and at that propitious moment, Irene reappears in the doorway of the kitchen. John wants to scream, or throttle her.
“With the cake? God, no,” John says frankly. “It’s better that way, trust me.”
“And you always say that I’m the idiot,” he says, but it’s fond this time.
“So, overtly signalling that you wanted him to kiss you again,” John says, almost as a tease, and ignoring the tension in his gut.
He doesn’t say anything about the other part, the
John doesn’t answer in words, and that’s fine: he doesn’t need to. All the secrets have come out, all of his stupid
“Well,” she says emphatically. “Good morning, indeed!” She waves at the baby monitor. “Rosie’s crying,” she points out, as though they’re deaf.
As angry as he is with Eurus, his own ability to feel compassion for her takes him by surprise. She’s just a child, lost and surrounded by adults she cannot trust. He gets the water shut off and rushes to the well as the authorities surround the house and remove his unresisting sister. He shouts down to John and throws him a rope to hold onto while a ladder is arranged for a wet-suited police officer to climb down and cut the underwater chains. Sherlock doesn’t move the entire time, holding John’s gaze and talking him through it. “Just hold on, John,” he says urgently. “They’re coming now. You’re all right. You’re all right.”
The second fact is staring him in the face as though it’s always been there, and he supposes it always has, only he’s never found it so starkly impossible to evade any longer: he loves Sherlock. He does. He always has. He’s never come out and said it, not even in the privacy of his own thoughts, but now that he’s awake, the fact is inescapable. However, he knows that nothing is right between them and that there can’t be any question of what he really wants ever happening. There’s just too much bad history between them, and most of it his fault. He would have no right to ask Sherlock for anything remotely like that. Mycroft is right: he needs to let Sherlock move on.
he’s being so formal – must be tremendously hurt. They must have had an absolute throwdown when Sherlock somehow deduced Mycroft’s involvement in his leaving. He waits, silently willing Mycroft to answer the question.
“Let’s see here… I booked her for three different events. The last one was when she was last here…I had to call and cancel it. Before that, there was a wedding just north of London, let’s see, that was in May. The one before that, the first one I booked her for, was back in September the previous year.”
Once he’s made it to the nearest road busy enough for cabs, he raises his arm for one. The fury is still blazing in his gut, staining his face like blood splatter at a crime scene. A taxi swerves over to the kerb and he gets in, giving the address of Mycroft’s subterranean lair. “And hurry,” he adds grimly. Mycroft owes him a great number of answers and is about to give them, whether he wants to or not.
"I don't know what you're talking about." He then fake-yawns continuing the facade. John would not give up so easily. Yes, he is human and sentimental but Sherlock's logical thinking has rubbed on him all these years. He may be heart broken from the betrayal, but he would use his brain and try his best to sneak out of this ordeal. Yes, he would escape.
He moves outside the room only to return with a pill and a glass of water.
It was fifteen more minutes before a black sedan pulled over the kerb outside Donovan's house and two black haired mad geniuses picked the door lock and barged into her house.
John smiled his beautiful smile. "As much as I'm happy to see you interested in Rosie's future, I do hope we stick around with each other long enough for what you envision to actually happen."
This makes Sherlock's head jerk in her direction, gravely agitated.
Opportunely, he knew all the hiding spots away from the cameras from working on cases with Sherlock. He almost waved his hand to hail a cab when he realised he neither had his wallet nor his phone.  He couldn't go to the flat and certainly not to a phone booth (his kidnapping initiated with phone booths after all).
"John, John! Oh god Eurus untie me NOW!"
“Oh? And why would that be? You sound too concerned though. Are you concerned? One might ask what she is to you. But of course, every life matters for you, doesn’t it? Oh John, just another one of the things that make you so delectable. Your moral high ground.”, she sighed.
Sherlock was lying down on the bed as John skittered over to the opposite side of the bed and sat down, resting his upper body on the headboard.
Eurus considers plainly stating Sherlock's lie but then another plan hits her. She smiles.
He knows, knows that if he doesn't find Dr. Watson soon enough, Eurus and Sherlock would go rogue and it won't be a pretty picture either for himself or the Queen's own country. He is starting to doubt his decision to freed Eurus but he just can't deny he loves his sister no matter what.
Things just weren't making any sense. He slowly opened his eyes, clenching them repeatedly to bring things into focus. The first thing he saw was Sherlock tied up on the bedside chair, most probably slipping in and out of consciousness himself, making low guttural noises. John's eyes flicked wide open and he turned his head. It was then when he met a smug look on the face of the dark haired woman who had apparently tied both of the men up. Yes, it took some time but one look at a sixty degree turn of the head, and his ropes were visible.
"Hmm, yes its John's. Our John's. But Sherlock, it still doesn't show anything. The blood can be used to calculate the time but we already know it."
Was Sherlock always like this? Was this the reason he drove away all his girlfriends? Did Mary come to know this and that's why she shot Sherlock? Oh my God. How could he have been so blind! But he trusted this man all these years. He needs to escape and think clearly. There is still a slight possibility that Sherlock is still doing this under duress but he can't be sure. If the look on Sherlock's face is anything to go by, this man has been planning this for months! And the truth and dare game, it makes sense now. What is his life? Here these two Holmeses were
"What now, John?"
"No! No way in hell are you sedating me."
"Yes I do, and I would invite you home when John officially declares he's mine."
"See? I told you John, He likes seeing you like this. He was probably fantasizing about how he would take you up your arse and come inside you. Isn't it right Sherlock?"
is he?" Oh, the look of pure anger on Sherlock's face almost made Sally jump out of terror. Years of exposure to his abrasive behaviour out on the crime scenes however,made her recover quickly.
He didn't know. Yet.
"Hmm."
“Three? But there are only two-”
“Would you explain just how do I extract them out of your filthy hands?”
"What is the real reason of coming here Eurus? Tell us. Do you really wish to change? Is that it?"
"Thank you Sally. Thank you so much I owe you a lot."
The Holmes brothers sat on the opposite chairs.
John is confounded. "What are you two talking about? 5 years? Is it about Moriarty again?"
Another inadvertence on the tall bastard's side was just keeping the pick locks where they originally were. He had even taught John himself about how to use them if need be, after the Culverton case since that was when Sherlock was locked and John had to resort to tedious methods to enter the ICU. John could not help but sadly reminisce the good old days where he and Sherlock were such good friends, hell they were like family! Even after Mary died and John forgave him, things were almost going back on track. Almost. Then Eurus entered and ruined their lives. To be honest, John still couldn't come to blame Sherlock entirely and had this bothersome feeling that Eurus had somehow brainwashed Sherlock. But that was just some wishful thinking, of course. Didn't Sherlock confess not more than a few hours ago that he was planning on
Eurus had already made plans in her mind about how she was going to torture the sergeant. Perhaps, it would set a good example in front of John about what would happen if he tries to run away from them. Their John was such a sweetheart, he probably would be highly upset and guilty of another's death because of him. But he would know. Know the extent of their devotion to John. Eurus Holmes could kill for John and that is what she would do. Sherlock would have to agree to it, or he could very well sod off. Donovan's death and then a thorough fucking with dear John would be on her immediate to-do list. Of course, then there will be a detailed talk with John enlisting is role as a lover in their life, consequences of going rogue, Rosie and others. Eurus coveted John and despite what the dear blonde's wishes were, she wanted him. Consent was an issue for Sherlock, not for her.  It was so easy to derail Sherlock's chain of thoughts and use his feelings for John to make him an ally.
"I don't know! He came to me and I tried to calm him down but he left before I could make any sense of it."
, she might try to play with your mind, but I'm here, do you trust me?"
The ringing on the phone matched the rhythm with John’s heart as he waited for the person on the other end to pick up the call. After a few seconds, some one did pick up the call.
"Yes sir. A car with five men will be reaching Baker Street in exactly four minutes from now. The best cipher door Iocks with two factor authentication for Flat B, foolproof hidden cameras to be installed at the requisite locations, an alarm system should any unauthorized person try to enter or exit, bulletproof window glasses, two lackeys placed near Speedy's constantly at your service and a set of software programs to keep a tab as well as provide restricted access to Dr.Watson's phone and laptop - have all been organized. It will take at most two hours to have everything assembled.
"John, you are a charmer. Since childhood I've been jealous of Sherlock's friends because it left no one with me to play. As I grew up, I realised that
“Just..just cut the crap alright? And I mean it. Leave Donovan alone. And Rosie? I want her back safe and sound. Do you understand?”, John could hardly contain the rage boiling inside his very soul.
John is almost achingly hard but he just doesn't have the guts to feel it. Instead, his neurons have been diverted to make sense of what Eurus just said.
"You're lying"
“Clever as always, John.”, he said in his smug voice.
John awoke to a numbing state of grogginess and felt staggeringly thirsty.
"Quick John. Here is the printed ticket and my spare phone. I have formatted it and it includes only my number. I am sure Sherlock and gang can reach here any moment."
Eurus moved towards John in a snake like fashion, tick tocking on her equally black stilettos. Why was she dressed as if attending a party? He did not know.
"You would like to come home now. Eurus must be reaching in another hour or so."
It took a few minutes for Sherlock and Eurus to reach the destination.  As soon as they reached the pavement where they last saw their John on the camera footage, the car skidded to a stop and both of the siblings hurried out of the vehicle. Obviously, they found no John there but the duo started searching for clues in the area. They looked around the place, searched for hideout locations in the area, looked for some familiar faces, but to no avail. Eurus was looking in an alleyway down the street and Sherlock was looking around when the latter found a piece of cloth with blood covering the surface.
That caught Mycroft a bit off-guard."Oh? And what changed your mind?", he spoke slowly and suspiciously.
Eurus is in awe and thinks
"Just one question Sherlock. Why?" John's eyes were red and his voice swaying, as if he had been crying for hours.
"Ours", Eurus corrects warning him.
"Sister mine, you know John is in a vulnerable state right now. And what surety do I have that you would not try to kill any one of them, or both, or anyone?"
"Eurus! Look, it is John's. The trousers must have got stuck up her on this protruding wire and- oh, OH! Oh of course. How can we be so stupid?" , Sherlock's entire face lit up like it was Christmas.
Sherlock is seemingly staring daggers at her, which makes John give a slight shiver. Sherlock is agitated by how this night is unfolding. He should have known. He acted on impulse and almost forgot that Eurus existed in the house and wouldn't back away so easily. John is a hard win when Eurus is an opponent and when you play chess, you predict the other's move first, but clearly Sherlock missed his and now his king is in check.
"Ye-"
John jerked against the ropes, securely tied to the bed but his struggle was futile at it's best, considering his confusingly debilitated body. Well, he didn't need to be a detective to deduce that he was drugged, a diluted sedative, given via injection on the neck, once his brain cleared and focused to unfold the dramatic diegesis. He turned to Eurus again.
"Oh, it seems you are finally awake John. Open your eyes dear."
"Dr. Watson's phone is here sir. His wallet too. It seems he has not taking anything with him.", said one of the man as all of them stood in the sitting area of 221B.
"Well, now that these have been taken care of, have you located the woman I asked you to Mycroft?"
"No Eurus, take my bed instead. I will sleep in John's room. Two 'friends' can stay in one room."
you? To be honest, he still would have waited for John to move on and would have taken it slow, but now there is no time. If he doesn't do something quick, Eurus will seize John for herself and he will lose the most precious treasure he has, had or will ever have.
"Alright" "Okay", the men reply.
Sherlock stops pounding for a moment. Out of all the things, this is what John spoke to choose? Should not be surprised, he's a doctor after all, of course he will want to take precautions while barebacking.
"No I'm not! Ahhh! Holmes tell your sister to bloody get off of me!"
provisioned for such a case. Sherlock is a stubborn child and Eurus is, well Eurus is Eurus. The idea that they would agree to share John with each other, is absurd and ironically mature at the same time. Of course he had set up bugs in the flat and of course his siblings found out and removed the cameras but he didn't need them. Mycroft was capable enough to deduce that both of them had successfully managed to spend an amorous night with the good doctor but alas, the said doctor was less than willing to engage with his partners.
Sherlock frowns. His eyes display confusion, then sadness, then anger and all of a sudden they brighten. Five point five seconds later, he smirks devilishly and starts thrusting again. "John, wouldn't I know when you are trying to throw me off? Nice tactic by the way, I was almost convinced. If I didn't know you better, I would have bought your acting."
"Sod off, you tw...at!"
a psychopathic sister, his mind ruefully supplied. It was very much possible that Charing Cross was only a metaphor or something. However, John could not think of another sensible answer. Hence, without wasting another second, he put the wallet and phone in his trouser pocket and dashed out of the room after locking it behind him.
Suddenly, he was infuriated. The nostalgic agony had been replaced with rage and a new determination. First things first though. He had to solve the puzzle.
"Rosie? You mean your daughter? Please Watson don't tell me they have her."
"Oh John, what have you done? Get in the car Eurus!"
"Oh yes?"
"I...I... can we change the question?"
Eurus spread her fingers and licked John's come from one of the fingers as she moved towards her brother. She then removed the said man's cloth gag and pressed her index finger to his lips. To John's sheer horror, Sherlock opened his mouth and took the entire finger in making a pleasing sound.
"Yes. I'll retire to the bed. Goodnight gents."
“For fucks sake, all that was between you and me was friendship, a close one, but friendship nonetheless. And how did you..no screw it. Mycroft probably pulled a file on her, didn’t he?”
Mycroft again does what he's best at. He meddles into the conversation.
"Yes, just like that John. You're doing wonderful."
"Didn't you listen to what I narrated about the incident?"
"Ugh. Yes okay." John pinches the bridge of his nose." I'll be picking Rosie and coming home."
John deliberately ignored the last part.
"Hmm, satisfactory as of now. Oh, and arrange a vacation for landlady too, now will you?", Eurus chirps.
The two Holmes siblings had apparently locked the door to 221B and were headed to Mycroft's office in his non descript black sedan. Rosie had been handed over to one of the minions. Eurus had arranged a meeting with the eldest brother while Sherlock and John were making love, evidently an agenda set. Of course, they had a lot of arrangements to do unless they wanted to loose their John.
Sherlock lifts John's hips up, which makes his cock wobble up and down his belly, which is utterly humiliating. What is more humiliating is that he is stark naked while the man who would be taking him is still impeccably clothed, just the zipper open. It is just another implicit connotation about who is in power and control. John's never been been with a man, let alone bottomed, making him as good as a virgin, in spite of his experience with women. It makes him shudder with anticipation.
"WHAT?" John just wants this to end. Oh boy, he's just so oblivious.
interested in John. His John. He grew furious and dug his nails into the balls of his hand, rendering the knuckles white.
Happier times, with some pining.
"Except that Mycroft has checked every CCTV near his army mates' and sister's homes and he isn't there. Moreover John isn't foolish enough to contact NSY given my contacts so it is not even a consideration. A few men went to visit his surgery as well and he isn't there too."
“Fine, what exactly am I to do with this clue?”
"Can we cut to the chase, dear family?"
"Who?" She went for being the ever oblivious type, partially to give herself some time and partially to get on Sherlock's nerves. She was going to take whatever she could. "And who's this woman? New assistant, is she?"
are nothing but a bunch of nuisance, clearly a baggage on Earth. I was under the same impression till I met you John. I know this is sudden for you, but you have charmed me Dr. Watson. I have indeed fallen in love with you. All I want to tell you is that you belong to me now John. All I want is you and all of you. I want your brain, your body, every expression of yours to be mine now. I want to possess you John."
"Yes sir. Dr. Watson has been seen in one of the footage heading towards Regent's Park, although it is unknown where he is exactly going. I have already dispatched one of the vehicles to get him but his screen time in the footage is a blink-and-miss. I have forwarded the video to your messenger. Thus, I do not wish to give you any false hopes. If you wish, you could drive the car parked bel-"
"Eurus if you just wanted sex, I could have agreed with you for a night if it meant saving my dignity and not getting raped in front of my best friend and your brother. Plus, ohh fuck, I'm not a fan of bondage."
“Veronica. No, Sherlock, you wouldn’t, no. She doesn’t even know anything about this! You wouldn’t murder an innocent woman in cold blood.”
"John. Everything will be fine, I promise."
Oh, OH.
Mycroft processed this. If he allowed Eurus to move into 221B, he could possibly use Eurus' intellect anytime the British government faced a problem. If Eurus' past behavior is taken into consideration, it was quite certain that she was more on the psychopathic side. Since childhood, whatever thing she thought was hers, she took it without a single second thought. She was obsessive, possessive of her things, her feelings. But this had always been about objects and never
Sherlock just ignores the accusations and slides another finger. He thrusts them in slowly but firmly up to the knuckles and starts scissoring his digits. It's not long when a third one joins them. All this while John's just cursing and wriggling and groaning in pain. He's tight, of course. He is tight as no one's ever taken him like this before. The thought makes Sherlock gleam ecstatically.
Sherlock knew this was the truth. In all honesty, he had made his moves numerous times but they were unabashedly ignored by John. His sensual touches were interpreted as friendly proximity and his flirtatious diction (which he was sincerely bad at) was deciphered as a bunch of humourless jokes. This made him seek Mycroft's help despite his hatred of asking him for any favour. They had plans to develop John's relationship with him, yes it involved some manipulation but it was just a means to an end. He earnestly wanted John to respond positively but his logics told him it was far from possible. His brother had a plan to implement and if it failed, he knew he would confront John directly to make him acknowledge the intense ambitions Sherlock had for him. However, they never found the opportunity to use it as Eurus entered the setting.
"Sherlock was the one who promised you. And we do keep coming to meet you, don't we?"
"John, please. We both are supposed to enjoy this. I wish to come together with you. I don't see why you're so distressed. If this is about the restraints, I'll make them vanish once I'm sure you won't try to attack me or run away."
"We can't Sally! I am sure they would use Rosie against me and I can't risk her life. The yard might ruin it all. Ruin. Ruin it all." By the end of the sentence, John recoiled in himself, too zoned out to realise he was on the verge of crying while blabbering to himself.
"You do know that I am perfectly capable of having them murdered from these prison walls as well. All I want is to go and live at Baker Street. With them, with
“NO! You will do no such thing, you sick bitch! If you so much as pluck her hair, it will be your neck that would be throttled. You understand?!”
John could not believe it. It was a hell lot of easier than he thought it would be.
“Hello?”
"Shut up Sherlock, it's Midazolam. I found it in your kitchen so of course you know its onset of action is about two minutes. I'm surprised you haven't used it on John when you're almost as desperate as me but I guess you are better at morality than me."
John's eyes widened the second she stated that. He almost threw himself upon Sally when she got up from her couch. "What? No! Sally, I know half of NSY probably hates Sherlock, but Greg would never listen to us. Plus, Mycroft! You have no ideas how many contacts he has. Not to mention, Eurus. She could blow the whole place and I wouldn't put it past her. Oh God, I'm in deep shit."
If Mycroft would be honest to himself, he
Trying to forget it, he tried for the door but it was locked. But John just smiled.
While John was busy thinking about this newly obtained information, he did not realise Eurus had shifted and had gagged Sherlock while he continued hurling abuses and insults. Later, she moved back to John, now carrying scissors with her. She moved back to her previous position and unbottoned his shirt first. Then, with firm hands, she sliced through the shirt in halves and threw the material away. This continued with the trousers and at last, Eurus got rid of the underpants too. All the while, John was protesting and Sherlock was shouting out muffled noises from his gag but everything became white noise.
“What..what kind of game?”, John licked his lips as he waited for the ball to drop.
Mycroft was seriously baffled with the turning of events. Although he is not very good with people, it was evident even to him that Eurus was interested in John as a romantic partner. Her eyes and body language clearly spoke as much. He knew that Eurus was a sexual being but this was...different. His sister usually did not care who she was in bed with as long as there was a warm body but this time, she spoke of John as if she wanted to
Sherlock isn't Sherlock if he doesn't interpolate at the worst of times.
"WHAT?!", the detective nearly jumps out of his chair as he snarls, his body going into a defensive mode.
"Yes John, yes"
"Aaaaahh"
John reluctantly shook her hand. "Hello Ms.Holmes . Same here." He gave her an awkward smile.
"Sgt. Donovan, wasting our time with this senseless conversation is not in your best interest. Tell us where you have instructed John to go or else we will find it out our way.", the female Holmes appeared as calm as a summer sea, save for the fact that there was a hurricane gleaming in her eyes underneath all the impassiveness, threatening to destroy whatever came in it's way. Sally was sure of it. Still, she was a woman of her word, and if everything went according to her plan, she might save both her and John's arses  - her's metaphorically, and John's literally. The stupid joke brought a faint tug at her lips but she internally cursed herself for it and apologised as if John were present at the moment.
Something inside Sherlock breaks.
Three things happen at once. Eurus let's out a triumphant cheer, Sherlock knocks out the table, almost waking Rosie up and John widens his eyes in disbelief.
wouldn't do. He wanted everything from John. He had suppressed his feelings for long but has realised from his previous missteps. He could make it better, he could make John love him, it's only a matter of some days.
Sherlock has been patient. More patient than he ever has been. He has been the best man for the person he had meant to love, befriended and forgave Mary for what she did to him and is yet to touch John. He did all of this because he wanted John to be happy.
The phone was cut.
"Tea, Mycroft?"
John speaks this time. "Why Sherlock? Such an easy question. Just say Irene Adler and it's done. Why the fussing?"
So yes, Any place with the British government's incessant CCTV Cameras are to be avoided, the MET is out of question, and Harry's place would probably be under surveillance. Oh God! John would have to warn her sister too lest she gets stuck in this sick game as well. And Rosie! Sherlock would not harm her, would he? So many problems with no simple solution.
Sherlock is not surprised. John, however is.
"Sherlock, that's what sentiment does to you. John had told you he's moving on from her assassin wife, hadn't he? He just wanted to broach the subject sensitively to you given the bruise on his sense of morality to be too quick to move on after Mary's demise and so he hid it from you. But you couldn't deduce it. Yes he has greatly improved his acting skills and you can't tell he's upto something at one glance, but I can't believe you didn't even catch a hint."
"So, you intend to
John and Sherlock go to the bedroom just the moment. Eurus, on the other hand, leaves to go to the kitchen.
"Indeed.", She smirks.
"What game?" John blurts out.
"What about Thompson? Also any of his ex-girlfriends? Any of Mary's relatives?"
The genius woman then marches towards John's sleeping figure and tenderly takes the other sterile syringe and presses it into John's neck- the side which Sherlock sucked on just some time earlier.
If he says John, John will get offended and leave. If he says no one, he knows that Eurus knows so his lie will get caught.
Once done, she proceeds to sit on the side of the bed, starting to lazily pet John's hair, and waiting for the drugs to wear off. She had dosed the medicine to disperse the effects in a maximum of two hours so she thinks of just waiting and gazing at his would be lover. She is not like her brother, not a coward to attack John in his sleep, and anyway, wouldn't it be unjust not to let John enjoy too? More importantly, he also needs to acknowledge that he belongs to one of the best brains in the world.
"Mycroft."
Sherlock took truth because he knew dare would not be easy. Little does he know the truth isn't any easier.
, they rely solely on their intelligence and any sort of cheating is a direct insult to their big brains.
"Oh really? Then what the heck is this shite?" He jiggled a zip bag containing four rotten human-female fingers right across Sherlock's face. He must have forgotten that while cleaning up, somehow. Oh yes! He got a call from Lestrade informing him of a new case. That's how he forgot. Well, if forgetting it has earned him a delectable view of John's arse, he'd do it again.
"Oh, you don't trust me? I can prove it to you. Let's finish you off first shall we?" Damn this lady, always reading minds.
"Yes, Sherlock is also romantically interested in John and plans to court him. I know." She smirks.
"Cut the niceties please. I do have to go to the clinic later. Better save time."
I still mourn Mary now, but Rosie can't be deprived of a mother. And, I would like to start a family again you know? But We'll remain best of friends there's no second guessing that."
Sherlock stops breathing. Eurus' grin widens.
Mycroft decides to break the silence. "I think everything is settled. My minions would do the requisite shopping for you Eurus and have it delivered by tomorrow. If you need anything else, do tell me."
Updated 2 chapters a week. COVID-19 means quarantine time and obviously, had to do something productive in quarantine time. On a serious note, please stay healthy and safe. Social distancing is the key guys!
"Greetings, dear brother. Dr. Watson." John nodded in return. Sherlock just sulked.
"Any news?"
This made the siblings turn their heads but both of them scoffed as though this was the most ridiculous idea.
"Like hell I do! You do not own me Eurus Holmes, please keep your sick mentality to yourself. First of all, I don't think you're serious and even if you are, you won't succeed. Mycroft and Sherlock would never let anything like that happen." He knows Sherlock wouldn't let anything like this happen to him, he has saved him numerous times.
No, this wasn't good. This wasn't how John and she planned. This was ahead of the schedule.
"No, he can't have."
"I'm afraid she is. Please don't be scared of her. I assure you John, we can deal with this. Together. You won't leave me alone with her right?"
?", John spits out the word his repugnance, as if it has done him something personally wrong. "So, you haven't changed, have you? Perhaps we were stupid to even think that. So now what? Most definitely kill us both. Heck, you should have done that in our sleep itself, why do you feel the need to extend the death throes?" John was almost barking at her now.
"Get Rosamund J. Watson for me now."
First, she struggles to lift Sherlock up and throws him into the side chair, but not before arranging the said chair in a position which clearly brings the bed into view, and ties his hands onto the chair's back with one of the cuffs. Next, she straightens his feet and attaches the ankles to the wooden legs with the help of the zip ties. Satisfied, she moves to John again and positions him on the middle of the bed. She just pierces her grey eyes onto the delicately laid man before picking up the rope ties and tying each of John's limb to the four bed posts.
“Okay, but when?” John asks. “Does she even work on Saturdays? And what about the photo shoot?”
he thinks, an edge of both anger and defensiveness to his inward voice.
“I’m sorry,” John says again, the lines between his eyes not disappearing. “I’m just so used to – to not asking, to not being – well, or feeling like I’m allowed to, I guess. There’s still so much I feel like I don’t know, that I need to know.”
This got him half a grin, almost hidden. “Oh yeah,” Chris said. “I’m not great with that sort of thing, you know?”
Sherlock feels a stirring of anger and attempts to squash it down. This conversation is too important. “I thought I’d made that adequately clear, too,” he says shortly. “I said it at your wedding: it’s only ever been you, John. You have been my first priority since the day I returned from Serbia. I don’t know what I could have done to make that clearer. You’re all that matters to me.”
He doesn’t know how much time has passed when they finally stir. John says he’s going to see about getting a flannel and promises to come right back. He brings two flannels and they clean up a bit and rearrange themselves on their sides, facing each other again.
, John had said briskly, and Sherlock agreed. Mrs Hudson will be seventy-nine come next March, after all.
John looks down at himself as though appraising the situation. “I haven’t even thought about food in – too long. Yeah. I could eat. Actually… that’s a pretty appealing thought. Chinese?”
Sherlock dries his hands on a tea towel and reads his text, his eyebrows rising. “Well, things just got more interesting,” he remarks, turning the phone to face John as he scoops a bit of butter into his pan.
Sarah hesitates for a long time. Then she pushes up the left sleeve of her shirt to show an ugly red burn mark.
He’s breathing slowly and evenly, the lines around his mouth relaxed in sleep, making his lips look even fuller and softer. In the light, his face looks almost angelic, and John is pierced with a bone-deep desire to kiss him. It feels so much more possible now than ever before. They’re lying in bed, close together, and after last night’s deeply personal revelations, John feels that another layer of misunderstanding has finally been lifted, leaving fewer barriers between them now. Sherlock saved him. Was saving him that whole time that John thought Sherlock had intentionally forced him to grieve, or just didn’t care enough about him to realise that he would. He feels a pang at the thought of how he’s continually punished Sherlock, resenting him for that very grief ever since, when all Sherlock was doing was keeping him alive. He never had a choice, not with Moriarty’s mechanisms behind it all. It was blackmail, pure and simple. Sherlock was caught in the web, too, and he was the one who paid the price so that the rest of them could live. John reproaches himself, then remembers that he didn’t know. There was no way he could have known, had Sherlock not finally told him. It’s so like Sherlock not to have, too – to have just gone on allowing John to resent him, allowing him to bring it up hotly every time some other issue came up, rearing its head like an undefeatable monster. He just went on accepting that from John, probably thinking that he deserved it. Probably, John realises with another pang of self-reproach, because he himself went on enforcing that narrative over and over again. The urge to reach over and wake Sherlock and apologise comes over him. He wants to say it urgently, make Sherlock understand that he gets it now, that he’s so damned sorry for having put Sherlock through all of that, for all of the resentment and anger that Sherlock never deserved. The urge is so strong that his lips part, inhaling, but he also doesn’t want to wake Sherlock and makes himself hold it back.
“Leave Sally Donovan alone.”
“Hmm…let’s see. As you already know, the wager in this game is the lives of Miss Donovan and your lovely daughter Rosie. She
"Al... alright. Just relax. Eurus, take my room. I'll be taking care of this git for the night."
"I...I know"
"That's exactly what I'm doing", Sherlock murmurs softly.
"You-", Sherlock was at the end of his patience, but Eurus beat him to it.
This leaves Eurus fuming and Sherlock smirks from the sides of his mouth.
"Oh, of course, Dr. Watson. She'd be delighted with your allowance and I will be dealing with the moving arrangements immediately. And that's my cue to leave. Take care both of you." The 'you will be needing it' remains unspoken.
If Eurus sensed his growing jealousy and possessiveness, she did not mention it. She just smiled and replied "I'm fine, brother. Thank you. I'm sure you're too."
Eurus creases her eyebrows. Clearly, thinking about a good reason. "Can we discuss about that later? Let's get to know each other first. What about a game? Better idea, whoever wins decides the sleeping arrangements for tonight."
Sherlock and John had thought it was very visibly reciprocated. The thought of him hurting his daughter was too painful to think about. Still, his subconscious kept hitting him with ideas that Eurus had somehow possessed Sherlock. The soft corner he had for his best friend just wouldn't go away no matter how hard he tried to stifle those feelings.
"Our, our John.", Sherlock sneers.
John gave her a warm hug, which spoke how grateful he was. "Thank you."
While in the train, he entertained the idea of calling Greg, but he really did not want to put another friend in danger. He went to Sally and faced the repercussions, thank you very much. Hence, he decided to call the DI only in case of real emergency. Besides, he was not sure what exactly he was to find after solving the clue. Involving the Met would mean having to explain everything, which would only further waste time and maybe the solution to the rhyme was a mere answer. It was not like he was dealing with Moriarty where game was like the one he and Sherlock played, saving the five pips, after which he was strapped in a Semtex jac-
"No listen Sally! What I would tell you now, you may not believe me, but trust me when I say that I thought only you could be a good ally right now, given that you were the one to give me the warning on the day we met."
Sherlock makes a non-committal noise and then his phone rings.
When John looked at him again, this time, Sherlock made no effort at hiding his lustful expressions and was rutting at the sides of the chair, his eyes never leaving John's cock. John found the entirety of this completely absurd. He frowned at the evidence denying his assumption of Sherlock being unequivocally asexual, except in the case of Adler, of course. But then, what is this? Is he interested in
"Yes", he replied rather quicker than possible. It took all his energy to not throw her own sister outside the flat. But he knew if he did so, John would be terrified and maybe won't get back to Sherlock or Mycroft will make sure of that. Speaking of him, did he know? Of course he knew! Yet he let this happen which means if he needs a solution, he would have to work himself.
"John is indeed very clever."
help you."
dared to even think that John could marry and settle with her. Just glancing at her details I can tell she is serious about her advancements and would not move without at least talking to John about it. She is infertile, being the reason for her divorce and hence is more than happy to accept Rosie as her child. It's also obvious that she knows about me and John seeing that she was a fan of his blog, yet she thought it was alright to just snatch John away from me. No, this Veronica Thompson needs to be taught a lesson
John finally replied, "Are you sure it's safe? I mean, I can move out if she wants to stay with Sherlock. Hell, what will I be doing anyway in between two geniuses?"
"Freed me and put me in flat 221B, Baker Street."
"My turn. Truth or Dare?"
"Don't appal me Mycroft. I'm definitely not scared and would do anything in my capacity to help the Queen's country." Yes, prod the ego of a soldier, question their patriotism and watch them dance. Works like a charm.
"Really? Why John. Come on! Just some fun"
"Yes, Sherlock?"
The game begins...
"Oh John, you make me so hard. I never knew my libido could reach such levels before you came along. It's not my fault you could not see my bulge through the belstaff every time I entered your private space."
He knew he wouldn't leave a stone unturned if anyone were to isolate him from John or even commit the imbecilic mistake of doubting his chasm of love, deep and dark love, that he had created in his mind palace for the stocky man. He bares his teeth to yell but before that-
"Anyway, there is no another room for her. There are only 2 bedrooms. Hence, either she stays or I stay.", John huffed.
"Goodbye. See you."
"No John, it's not. Nevermind. Let us continue."
Maybe he could go to Lestrade? But he would not believe him obviously. It was then when an idea came to his mind. If you would have asked him to seek help from this person a week ago, he would have laughed at you but it was what seemed the best option he could come up with right now. So, hiding from the CCTVs and suspicious people along the way, he went in the direction of this person's house.
“Yes, Now look -”
"Are you done chastising me? If you are, then tell me everything about this woman. We need to make sure she never dares to think about John ever again."
"Wha..what do you mean John? Tell me what's wrong?"
John really never thought he would have to stay in a house with Eurus. Yes, she was pretty and he liked her, or well her impersonation, when they used to chat at nights. This invokes another feeling in him.
When he arrived the Equestrian Statue of Charles I, the first thing he did was relishing the panoramic view of the London streets after sunset. From a bird's eye view, this may seem like sprinkles of various colours in combination, as if straight from a cityscape oil painting . An overwhelming array of colours originated from the well-structured buildings that fit together perfectly like a jigsaw puzzle. The description seemed poetic-just like his blog-but there was a reason to it.
"Eurus what are we supposed to do? He is not visible in any CCTV cameras nor has his phone with him. How are we even suppose to contact that Rosie is with us?"
John sighed and sat back on the couch, clearly frustrated with the mess currently at hand and put his head in his palms.
Of course, Mycroft had correctly estimated the reactions he would extort from both of them. He had come with preparations, though.
"John! You can't possibl-"
Eurus was smirking all the way in the car as they neared Donovan's house.
That made some sense, but not entirely.
"Yes?"
"John, tell me everything. I can't help you if you do not at least brief me about stuff." , Sgt. Sally Donovan was nothing if not competent as a police officer.
Perhaps Sherlock was experiencing his own twisted sort of post coital afterglow, John figured ,which dimmed Sherlock's intuitive skills.
was how could he have deprived himself of John all this while?  His John. John's invigorating touch, his salacious moans, his red and hot yet lovely face, his little compact yet admirable physique, just his complete self. He would never say it, but he is grateful to Eurus to at least encourage him into making his move, no matter how his sister manipulated the circumstances.
"Just sleep, you sod."
"But how? When? I never deduced and he never told!"
"You're not wrong. Besides, if not an informant, Donovan can be a good bait and we can always use additional baits."
Yes, as almost everyone who knew Eurus was aware, she was capable of enslaving minds and she did the same with Sherlock. The detective was awaiting John to move on and then propose, which soon or later, John would have accepted. Mesmerized as he was, with her brother. That would have meant Eurus wouldn't have had John as hers then. She had to enter their life before it was too late and she lost John completely. Now that Sherlock didn't realise that things could have been consensual between him and John, his mind was manipulated by Eurus into believing that the only way to have John was by force. This, not only helped to create friction between the two former friends, but also brought Eurus closer to her John.
"No.", Sherlock determinedly says.
Since Mycroft's visit at Baker Street, John is not able to relax himself. He was currently sitting on his clinic desk, waiting for the next patient, still worrying about the days to come. He was almost at the end of the shift, preparing to go treat the last couple of patients, pick up Rosie from her nanny and have a peaceful sleep before the chaos moves into his flat.
Eurus discards her hand from John's hair and launches it to grope his with an unyielding grip through the trousers. She is relatively too strong for a woman and is now fondling his balls like a baby's chubby cheeks.
easy on you. I’ll text you the clue which will get you started.”
There are a lot of sighs which escape various mouths in unison. Mycroft turns to gaze at his PA and retrieves a file from her and hands it over to Eurus. She open the file to reveal a pretty woman's mugshot and her bio details thereunder. Sherlock peeks at the file too and his eyes do what they do when he tears people apart with his deductions.
"Truth". Eurus evidently knows there is no truth she can't say that she won't be able to answer.
"Coming! Give me a minute", she shouts as her door bell rings continuously. She then opens the door to find a very frightened John Watson.
"John, we could have that discussion later. Talking about diseases is not the least bit titillating. But yes, of course I'm tested and so are you. I would never risk anything on you."
John was however, yet to move on from Mary,busy settling life with his daughter. What made this worse was the fact that Sherlock had unrequited feelings for John too. He knew that when John did move on from his late wife, Sherlock would approach John. Sherlock was so serious about it that he even asked Mycroft to help him, which was something his little brother despised so much. Initially Mycroft teased him for it but seeing Sherlock pine for John everyday (CCTV showing how Sherlock looked at John between cases, flat bugs showing how much Sherlock longed his friend's company,and obviously the fact that Sherlock did start using again when John started living with Mary), he promised Sherlock that he would help him in any way he could. But just a day after he made his vow, he had to divert his mind to the bomb blast plans. And now Eurus said THIS.
, his mind supplied) and the partially ingested drugs Sherlock had given him must have made him sleep once the adrenaline and worn off. He washed his face, sat at the edge of the bed and started thinking about the next phase of his plan. John along with Donovan had decided to stay hidden in the hotel until Rosie was extracted. They were sure that Sherlock and Eurus would visit Sally sooner or later, and she would have her MET police team already in their positions to capture them. Once they were captured, they would have no option but to hand Rosie back. John had argued it wouldn't be so easy, especially with genius minds and Mycroft as their assets but she had ensured him that things would be under control. He was still doubtful but having no other way, he agreed. To placate himself, he told himself that the worst that could happen was Sherlock and Eurus not opening their mouths and being freed by their elder brother. Sally wouldn't be hurt with the police team in place and John obviously wasn't worth
"Excuse me. Hello, yes?" There is a five second gap where there comes muffled sounds from the other side and then Mycroft's face goes pale. "WHAT DO YOU MEAN BY FLED? Send backup now! It's code red. Check all the CCTV footages in the area and I want his location in five minutes on else I swear you won't like the consequences!" and he throws away the receiver.
"Ah, yes that should not be a problem." John says. Sherlock grins proudly at his suggestion.
The rest of the after was rather uneventful, in an anti-climactic way. Once John keyed into his room, he threw himself on the bed with his face down. He didn't even realise when he drifted off to sleep- this was the level of his exhaustion. He woke up after a few hours to look at the clock hanging above the TV set reading 4:18 PM. He was never one to sleep when he was tensed but the sex (
"John, truth or dare?"
John was at a loss of words. Betrayal, lies, deceit, loss. His heart was burning inside him. He couldn't believe the words Sherlock just spoke. Sharing him with Eurus, as if he were a toy two siblings played with. When? How?
"What brings you here today Mycroft?", Sherlock snapped at him.
me as well?", the doctor spat, the words oozing out like venom out of his mouth.
"Oh John, Sherlock is more than alright. How are
"Hello John, pleasure to meet you again." Eurus brought her hand forward. She was beaming at him. It was deliciously sickening.
John lost his trail of thoughts, as Eurus sunk his flushed pink flesh in her warm, welcoming mouth. She was lapping at the slit and wet lips were circling his length, bobbing up and down. He bucked up yet again but was pinned down by her at the hips. But more than the blow he was forcefully receiving, what grabbed his attention was Sherlock's response.
A slight tinge of jealousy evoke in Sherlock. It never occurred to him that Eurus could take interest in John. All her ministrations with John were to attract Sherlock's attention. She can't possibly happen to have interest, per se, in John. Can she?
"Yes."
It's too much, he decides and straightens John on his back. Sherlock moves to straddle John's thighs and dips his long fingertips inside the waistband to pull pants down with the trousers and then -
“Why Veronica?”
Sherlock doesn't even have the time to react and falls limp on his own bed. "Oh well, I think I reached in time, clearly didn't reach to serious sex yet, thankfully."
. John Watson was the first person Mycroft had seen Eurus talk about like this. And, 'love' or 'romance' was another chapter. Well, he should not be surprised, he thought the same for Sherlock but it seems Dr. Watson has some majestic powers to draw sociopathic geniuses to him.
"Just lie down. Yes, like that. Seriously Sherlock, exercise at least some caution with your body. I know it's just
Sherlock goes limp and falls on John, the semen sandwiched between them which makes the detective shiver with delight. They pant together through the post coital bliss when Sherlock's phone chimes. He frowns at the thought of loosing contact with John but eventually moves to check his phone kept on the bedside table. He scowls as he reads it and then sighs and puts it back.
"Get to the point."
"Then what do you want me to do John? For your protection, we need resources and that is something only the met can provide. I can't go beyond the law to help you, inspite of how much I want to help you."
Sherlock had been observing the conversation rather quietly and thought that something was not in place. He couldn't put a finger on it. Still, he could welcome Eurus but only if John doesn't leave. He looked at John expectantly.
"Sorry, brother?"
This was the very woman with whom he almost cheated on Mary. And you see? Now they are moving in together! What can be worse?
"Great you win. Happy?"
“Oh, you will understand. Let’s set some ground rules though. Wouldn’t want you to make a blunder even before you get started. You are not to speak about this game with anyone. You are also not to mention about me or Sherlock in involvement with any of the disappearances nor about how you are our lover John.”
"Kill you John? That would be the most vacuous move if I could even think about it. Sherlock, on the other hand, I could have killed him but a major part of the fun would go missing and additionally Mycroft won't be happy, as if I even care about him being happy." Eurus chuckles at her own joke, in which John certainly finds naught humour. He settles with simultaneously frowning and worrying for his friend.
His eyelids felt clumsy and he could not make out the reason his abdominal muscles were convulsing. He hadn't eaten the Chinese takeover leftovers nor went to any pubs recently, then why? Why were his limbs behaving so ponderously? He didn't realize he was blowing air out of his lungs, rather brutally when he heard her voice -
"You're a sick bastard!"
you send her away."
"John, you do not have to worry. After her little meetings with you two at Sherrinford lately, she grew rather fond. She plans to restart her life with better actions and deeds and she thinks if you can handle Sherlock, you could purportedly help her get better as well." With this, Mycroft smiled smugly which made John shift uneasily in his chair.
"Oh, it was always between you and me, wasn't it Eurus? If you fail to notice, let me tell you I am quite observant, and I do see the challenge you are forcing me into. Just so you know, I will beat you in this and win."
A bit of angst, a bit of porn.
. But not lovers. You can force me physically, at least now, but you would never be able to make me love you. Never like this. Get one thing straight into your twisted and devious brains, I am NOT a thing to be owned and used, and I would most definitely find my breakout sooner or later." He sighs heavily after vomiting the words in one breathe. At least some weight lifts off his chest.
Sherlock thought. What Eurus said...made sense, atleast to him. Sherlock knows Eurus is a stronger player and even if he deflects her, John would probably see his opportunity and leave, forever, which is totally unacceptable. Additional power would contain John for himself. And how bad can be sharing? Besides, it's sharing with the woman who loves John with equal desires as his own. It surely won't be unjust. Sherlock is tired of being patient, and now his dark desires cannot be barricaded, certainly not after seeing John come. Moreover, Eurus can take care of John's fear, threats and blackmail while Sherlock can make sweet love to him. She could be a helpful ally. John needs to be held on house arrest, atleast until he accepts his lovers. They both could make it happen. Oh yes this is perfect.
"I'm..I'm sorry John, but I just can't help it. I'm done with waiting. If I wait more, especially after seeing you like this, I'll be shattered. I want you John and I need you to love me too. Because I want you to be mine. I hate this confession to be like this, but I honestly was waiting for the right moment and then Eurus came in. Don't take her words lightly John, she means everything she wants to do to you and I know, because I feel the same way about you John"
Sally noted everything down, pausing every once in a while to gape and hold her breath as she heard the whole story. It was a lot to take in and yes, she knew that Holmes was a psychopathic freak, but this was the limit. Also, the introduction of this sister character was, Sally loathed to admit it, interesting. It was hard to believe what John narrated but his eyes revealed all the truth Sally needed as a witness. There was fear, rage, humiliation and most of all,
“Sherlock. Oh yeah, I really want to come back. For one, to take Rosie with me and second to punch you hard in your face. Besides, don’t you want to first play the sick game of yours?”
"Must have forgotten. Anyway, Rosie seems to be intrigued by it. She could pick up my traits and set off a journey being a great chemist or biologist."
"How have you two been lately?"
now Sherlock?"
-he called back on Sally's number.
"No Sherlock, I am sure Eurus is compelling you to say this."
Sherlock ran a quick deduction on the entirety of his sister. Since the conversation with Mycroft to Eurus' dress style to her body postures in reaction to John to her spoken words. Sherlock could not believe this. She was
Yes, first tell me have you issued the orders to your men?", the only female in the room, apart from Anthea with her blackberry, speaks.
"Please, don't be ridiculous John"
"I'm coming for you John, my love. And once I'm home with you, it's a point of no return."
The fact that Sherlock couldn't deduce such an important matter relating to John's implied infidelity to him all this while, angered him to no certain level, and the fact that Eurus succeeded in finding this and locating the unworthy woman- setting Mycroft up to research about her, made him look like the fool and it didn't settle well with him.
Then came Sherlock. Life with him was always exciting and dangerous and pumped up with adrenaline. But then he died. Well, fake died. And that was the critical juncture of his life taking a downward spiral thereafter. He lost Mary, the only woman he thought he was capable of marrying, but came out as an assassin who tried to murder his best friend. In hindsight, his late wife was a blessing in disguise. But John ruined it too. The woman died for his happiness, for Sherlock and the same man was now circling him like a vulture who cannot wait to sink it's beak into his flesh and devour him.
"Aahh of course, my dear doctor soldier needs to understand. Let's start with the lesson shall we?"
Eurus scoffs. "Really Mycroft? You can do better than that. I know you are an idiot but no need to show it time and again. My
Then he remembered, Sherlock keeps a pick lock set, just in the right groove made between the wall and the headboard. Just maybe, maybe luck is really on his side and it is still lodged there. He pulled on the strings (literally as well as figuratively) but it was too tight so he tried banging the board with his head. Three thuds and some giddiness later, the pick locks rattled and fell on his head. John could have cried out of happiness if he hadn't known that more pressing matters awaited him ahead. He bowed his head and picked up one of the sharpest tools by his teeth and begin scratching it against the rope threads. It took a long time and put excessive stress on his bad shoulder but anything was worth the freedom. Once the hands were open, he untangled the knots at the feet and bolted towards the door. He felt a sharp pain between his legs at the action and cursed Sherlock in every language he could.
"Come on, get up."
Sorry for the long wait again guys! I have been going through some health issues for a while and could not update. But I'm sure you lovelies understand. I promise I would update the next chapter in the next week. And thank you for sticking up with this story! I love you all so much!
Eurus Holmes.
"Alright dear sister. I will convince the pair of them. You have to remember your part of the deal, though. You'll have to help the British government with your intellectual services whenever the need arises and I will make sure you get to spend time with Dr. Watson"
"We will be playing 'Truth or dare' and get to know each other. Who ever backs out looses."
For a second, John just stared at his phone, a peculiar frown between his eyebrows. A nursery rhyme, alright. This was supposed to be his only clue he had on his hand, and as the message prompted, he had roughly six hours to sort this out. What was it? A riddle to be solved? Was he to find Veronica at the end or was he to receive a succeeding clue after he solved this one? He pondered upon the questions for a while but then resolved that it was probably wasting him his valuable time.
Mycroft shrugs, bids his farewell and leaves without uttering another word. Sherlock is left furious and John is perplexed.
"Also, you remember how the plan goes right?"
"I q...quit"
Once he reached his destination, he walked straight to The Beverly House hotel just a couple of minutes away. Donovan had given him the check-in tickets to the place and the manager here owed her a favour which he returned by promising that he wouldn't record John Watson's stay in their registers. John would have been amused at the fact that this straightforward woman also kept people in debts, if he didn't already have so much on his plate.
"Really John? You know you can call me Eurus. Are we not that familiar yet? Well, we do have a lot of time to get close, don't we?"
brother. I'll assist you in this problem of yours only on one condition."
As the mad woman pulled at her hair, the sergeant tried to kick her at the shin of her right leg and her hands started to scratch the the hand gripping her hair. Eurus was quick in blocking the kick though and the scratches at her was having naught effect. The actions, rather aggravated her and Eurus forcefully pulled her hair further, forcing Sally's head upwards.
"This is disgusting. Please, at least don't make your brother watch this. It must be humiliating for him as well."
All the lady did was lazily pout at him and her hand pursued his head to warmly card her fingers through John's hair.
"Negative. Don't you think I would have thought that as well? Mycroft's security detail is sending me live updates and he is not near any of these houses."
Sherlock most probably realised his victory, considering the fact that he was now hitting his prostate again and again and had a truimphant grin on his face.
"Sherlock, what are you- oh buggering fuck!"
Eurus quirks an eyebrow and clearly likes how this conversation is going. "Will you now brother? You had a headstart of almost 5 years and yet you failed. I entered the field just recently and already progressing. I'll win Sherlock and you will see".
"Oh really Sherlock? Are you really in a position to kill me?"
So much for being a genius.
White female, 36, Irish decent, divorced. Long brunette hair, deep hazel eyes. John is really trying to move on from Mary judging by her physical attributes. Oh, works as a barista at the coffee shop John visits during his clinic lunch hours. Six visits with him until now, good Lord Sherlock couldn't believe how he missed something so obvious. No no, he cannot stoop to Anderson levels of stupidity now. Not when he wants to keep John impressed by his intelligence.
The raven haired man with blown out irises finally perches up on the bed, his head directly above John's own. Grey eyes meet ocean blue and there are two entirely incongruous promises in them. The grey orbs guaranteeing lascivious desires whilst the blue ones swears to make the other repent his actions.
“Well, hello darling.”, it was Eurus. “It’s so good to hear your voice, seems like it has been ages.” The voice sounded too cheerful which only made John more peeved than anything.
in his eyes. But she could not blame him. How much ever Sally despised Holmes, she knew Sherlock and John were best friends. Of course, things were a bit rough after John's wife died, but they were getting along. Well to look at the other side of the coin, it was not a big reveal to know that Sherlock had sexual feelings for his blogger but this threesome was a bit too...dramatic, to put it lightly. In fact, she was horrified at the actions which Holmes took to get John. Maybe it was the 'Holmesian' way of proposals but it was a crime, nonetheless. To be honest, she felt outraged and empathetic to John. The good doctor was a kind and affable bloke, after all. So after she was done patiently listening to what John had to say, she furiously declared,
"You used the word 'my', get accustomed to 'our' now because sharing is better than getting nothing and I intend to utilize this opportunity."
"I'm totally capable of doing that for you Mycroft!" Sherlock shouts, a bit offended.
Sherlock sighs, "Goodnight John. I really wanted to cuddle with you to sleep and I will, once I settle everything." With that, he presses John's cheeks to open his mouth and places the pill on his tongue, forcefully making him gulp it down with water like a baby. John coughs as he swallows but eventually calms down as Sherlock pats his back. He then leans down to press a kiss on his lover's lips and starts undoing the ropes.
"Seriously sister, you are letting rage cloud your mind, and you tell me I've lost my edge."
"And you think coercing me into sex with you and your sister will help that? You know...Sherlock I actually liked you. Yeah, only a bit but I was fond of you. You were my everything, besides Rosamund but now I wish I had killed you in Culverton's morgue that day!"
as you put it, in this room? At least I'm not acting like a two faced swindler lying blatantly in the face of my 'best friend' Sherlock."
"The fuck Holmes? What the hell do you think you're doing barging into my house?"
“Now, now John, I do love your angry young man demeanour, but some manners would be appreciated. Oh, I do have some creative ways to teach you a lesson or two.” I even have bought a fully customized cock cage, my sweet. It has diamonds on it.”, she said in a sultry voice which made his ears bleed.
"Did Sherlock bloody Holmes QUIT? Quit over such an immaterial question? God, what planet have I switched to?"
“Oh, but you will be, soon, love.  Anyway, you can take help of the Scotland Yard in this game of ours, specifically Gregory Lestrade and his team ONLY.  Don’t try to trick us in any way though, you know it won’t work. You wouldn’t want little bits and pieces of our three sweet girls, would you? So that’s it for now. I hope to hear from you soon baby, Good luck.
"SHERLOCK! Didn't you give him the pills?! Oh god, I'll throttle you, you idiot! I texted you in no uncertain terms about the dosage! If John doesn't return, I swear I'll kill you Sherlock. You too Mycroft and all those five useless dregs you sent at the flat.", Eurus barks with a dark and dangerous voice with a violent and unwavering threat as her eyes go wild and red, as if just been shot up with meth. Sherlock is in a same condition and it sends a shiver down Mycroft's spine.
He growled in frustration and was about to throw his phone when it went off.
"Excellent deduction young man. No move your sodding arse and find his location this instant!"
"Aahh..ohh"
"Oh I see it now too. If he limped all his way, his walking speed must have slowed down considerably. He has not been found on the cameras post this sighting, thus he is in a five kilometer radius from here as Mycroft doesn't have access to the cameras in the locality. He could have been fast moving and dodging the cameras elsewhere, but he is limping, so he can't have avoided it unless there are safe spots. Hence, we need to find trails in camera hiding spots. So tell me brother mine, who lives in a five kilometer radius, who is familiar to John, and falls in the track of all the safe spots?" Eurus Holmes was a genius as well, hence she deduced correctly too with no further explanation needed of any sort.
"Oh, but he did. Pull the car out now!"
"Relax, calm down John. Let me think alright?" Sally stood up to pace along the length of room. She had to fix it. Sally Donovan was a woman of substance and justice. John almost lost is freedom and dignity. She couldn't let Watson lose his daughter as well. If NSY was out of question, there had to be another way. She paced a little bit more and then an idea struck her mind.
"No, I mean of course we would. But you know, I would have to move out
Sherlock looses his color. He almost knows where she is going with this. But he has a plus point. John is a military man, he won't have a problem in-
"What, what are you doing? Why are you doing this? Sherlock! Are you alright?"
"How many times have I told you not to leave dead human body parts around the living room? Kitchen is horrendous too but you do know that Rosie plays in the hall, don't you?" John shouts from the living room, exasperated.
Sherlock made some non committal noises but was still recovering from his own orgasm.
"Eurus, there's no use of asking her. She won't give a straightforward answer. Besides, I have a feeling some people are up to visit this house. Let's go."
"Oh please, none of this is official. Stop saying it as if all of this is consensual."
"John, John I don't think I'll be able to sleep properly today. Can you sleep in my room to take care of me? I'm sure Eurus is humane enough to not behave like a child and make you leave my paining feet untreated."
Before Sherlock could reply, the door opened. Jeez, can someone,.for a change, ring the bell?
Okay.
"I give you a dare to kiss me, John."
One new text message:
Whatever may be the case, the ball currently seemed to be in John's court. He examined his surrounding but could not find anything which could help him cut off the ropes. Damn Eurus! she took the scissors with her.
Well, opening it did make him learn a handful number of things. For one, he was really really under-prepared for the worst, two, he was a complete dickhead to involve someone else and three, he grossly underestimated the Holmeses. When he thought more shit couldn't happen, the universe proved him wrong quite spectacularly.
John looks him in the eye for a long moment. “Because of Eurus,” he says slowly, making one of the singular best deductions in his life to date, Sherlock thinks with immense pride.
Sherlock has pulled himself into a sitting position. He accepts the glass from John and drinks, then passes it back. “Thank you,” he says, and while his voice is still hoarse, he already sounds calmer.
“Or specifically, not the right person,” Ella suggests. “Certainly not if you already felt so strongly about Sherlock going that far back.”
John stops three metres from the bin and whirls around to see who’s talking. Sherlock is still holding Atkins by the arm, and someone who must be Keith Banting is holding up a mobile phone in one hand, a gun trained on Sherlock with the other, and he’s looking pointedly at John. Sherlock looks at him, too, then releases Atkins and raises both hands in surrender. They’re too far apart, at least forty metres and a flight and a half of steps. “It’s going to go off, anyway,” Sherlock tells Banting, his eyes still on John. “The protest has broken up. It’s too late. You can have Atkins.”
John’s eyes meet his and hold, warm now. “I had no idea,” he says softly. “What an idiot I was. Am. Whatever. All that time I remember thinking that I thought we were dragging the evening on for you when you just wanted to get home.”
“They never know how to touch us, do they?” Mary’s voice is dry, and Molly finds herself surprised.
He’s panting and bucking into John’s touch, and when he starts to moan – which he’s never allowed himself to do in John’s presence, at least – John knows that he’s close. He goes faster on both ends, wanting to shunt himself even closer to rut frantically against Sherlock’s hip, but he can’t let himself do that. Sherlock gasps again. “John – I’m –
The stitches take twenty minutes, and by the end of it Sherlock is filled with an entirely new awe for John’s skills, particularly in an active battle zone.
It’s as though Sherlock has read his mind. John nods, feeling stupid. “Somewhere in between those two, yeah,” he says.
“Sure,” I say recklessly. “Why not? And – yeah, I’ll talk to Sherlock about the adoption thing. I’m sure he wouldn’t mind, and then it will be official, like you said.”
He kisses John’s open mouth again, then slips down his body, and together they wrestle John’s jeans and underwear off him. Sherlock is left lying in the open vee of John’s legs and looks directly at his penis for the first time. It’s wonderfully thick and just the right length and Sherlock decides it is utter perfection. He holds it with his right hand and puts his mouth over the end of it, then remembers his tongue and cups at the underside of John’s erection with it. John is breathing so quickly he’s nearly hyperventilating, so Sherlock decides that perhaps later will be the time to draw this out and explore. He puts himself to the task of bringing about John’s orgasm, careful to keep his teeth from touching John’s most sensitive skin and slides his mouth up and down the length of John’s erection, trying not to feel silly about the way his head is bobbing. It doesn’t matter. He listens for John’s cues, already determined that nothing short of seriously communicable disease would ever prevent him from ingesting John’s DNA if presented with the opportunity, and said opportunity is literally in his mouth now. He sucks and touches and rubs and uses his tongue with every ounce of dedication he possesses, tasting the wetness welling from the head, and then John cries out, his mouth trying to form Sherlock’s name but never getting past the
Sherlock nods. “Absolutely.”
to have her.”
John gives her a disbelieving look. “
when it was too late and John had just gone and committed himself to the wrong person because he’d thought the right one was gone forever. He should have gone to Sherlock then. He should have gone dozens of times since then. Before then. He doesn’t even know, but
, Corey Graham notwithstanding.
“Is it?” John’s forgotten this, but finds himself rather deeply touched that Sherlock has remembered. Then again, Sherlock made reference to the
John hesitates. “I’m sorry,” he says awkwardly. “It was… really nice of you. I just – I thought I should… help.” Sherlock doesn’t respond to this. “I could eat,” John offers. Sherlock turns a page of the paper as though he didn’t hear this. John sort of wants to die, but makes himself forge ahead. “I could… cook, if you want?”
“Absolutely. The night is young, and we haven’t even got to the – materials I brought along yet,” Sherlock says breezily, which makes John laugh, which in turn makes Sherlock start kissing him again, which he doesn’t mind or resist in the slightest.
“What allergy?” Norman’s eyes are moving rapidly back and forth between us, and he still hasn’t opened the door all the way.
What they really need, Sherlock thinks, is a case.
John hesitates, wondering if he should go up and change first. But somehow it feels wrong to leave Sherlock right now, right when he’s just mustered up whatever it took him to ask for this again. He decides to stay right where he is and just strip down to his shorts and t-shirt. It will be fine. He squares his shoulders as though going into battle and follows Sherlock into the bedroom. Trying his best to look nonchalant about it, he goes round to the far side of the bed and strips off his jeans and socks, then unbuttons his shirt, folds it, and leaves it with his jeans on the chair beside the closet, studiously keeping his back to Sherlock so as to give him some privacy as he changes. (He should have just asked if Sherlock wanted a minute, back in the loo!) John grimaces to himself, but decides that acting as naturally as possible is what will put Sherlock at his ease, and that’s the main thing, here. He would hate for Sherlock to shrink back into himself, regret having asked for any part of this. If that just means that John’s got to be the one to make things feel okay, feel normal, then he can make that happen. Just like at breakfast. He turns around and gets into bed without particularly looking at Sherlock or avoiding looking at him.
The words sound desolate and hopeless. John swallows, then makes himself ask. “Can I… have another chance?”
“Right-o.” Lestrade moves forward and zip-ties Smirnov’s feet to the rails. “Listen, mate, you’ve got multiple counts already stacked up against you and you’re already under arrest. I’d be as cooperative as possible at this point. You’re in a room with a Detective Inspector, a sergeant, Sherlock Holmes, an army captain you just ordered shot, and the head of the MI5. I’d rethink the attitude, personally.”
This is cautiously better, but John still wants it spelled out clearly, in case he’s been a total idiot about this and misunderstood what he was sure he saw on Sherlock’s face earlier.
“Ex-wife?” she repeats, her voice cool. “I thought she had died.”
John glances at Karen, who sits down in the corner of the room near the door, taking a notepad out of her purse. “Are you staying?” he asks politely. “I thought this was a one-on-one session…”
Sherlock wants even more, to touch John everywhere, be touched by him. He’s breathing quickly but doesn’t know how to ask or what he wants, exactly. “John – ” he says, into John’s neck, and John understands.
“Daycare,” John says. “We kept her home this morning. Wanted to spend a bit of time, given how much we’ve been on the go lately.”
John climbs into the tub after Sherlock, settles himself comfortably against one of the jets, then takes the glass Sherlock passes him and sips. “Ahh,” he says, putting it down on the ledge of the tub. “That’s perfect: hot tubs and champagne. Now it really feels like we’re back here.”
“We’ll have to agree to disagree on that one,” John says, his lip twisting, hands resting on Sherlock’s waist. “You’ve more than compensated for your part. I’m still working on my end of it, but I swear I’ll get there, if you give me a chance. The other night, though, in the hot tub – it probably could have happened then, but then I went and got – like how I get, and wrecked that, too.”
