Okay.
Dean’s breath is deep and peaceful, he enjoys the light sense of anticipation, that slowly builds inside him. He waits for it to grow into need that will fills his mind completely, until he’s so desperate, he’s gonna ask for it. He loves this part.
Castiel’s expression is attentive and focused.
“Benny?” he asks again, more demand in his muffled voice this time.
«Dean…»
“Cas, please. Talk to me.”
There’s an ache in my chest, that has nothing to do with physical pain. It grows inside me, fills everything. But I know, it's good. This is me. I'm back. I'm alive.
“Jeeesus fucking Christ, boss… what a talent.”
But you’re kissing me back.
“What an interesting combination, don’t you think?” Castiel rises his eyebrows and let a slight smile came up on his lips.
Maybe a little too attentively. Kinda hard not to start fidgeting on the chair under that look.
“Fuck yeah..” Benny’s voice drops lower with every word. He catches himself on the thought, he’d like to fuck it too. Like, for real. He wants to put his cock in man’s ass. But it’s...
“Okay, okay,” He says, wiping off a laugh tear from his eye. “Time has come for me to use your bathroom, if we plan to continue drinking tonight”
He leans into me, he wraps me in his arms and holds me. I hold him too.
“That’s okay” Castiel says as he smiles. They can laugh a bit, it’s a good way to let a tension out, they both have earned to relax a little. Besides,
Castiel opens the door politely, and Benny is out. He didn't even looked at Dean's face. He just couldn’t.
Benny almost cries “But why?” as he looks back at Castiel. Dean stares in bewilderment, too. What’s going on?
Yeah, okay, Dean might have had a few thoughts, but they were just thoughts, all right? He finds certain women attractive. He can find certain men attractive also, can't he? But those are just thoughts! It’s not that he likes Benny. He can’t allow himself to think that way.
Please, come back
Oh, fuck.
I did what I did, because I believed in him, as I always do. And I have no regrets. I did it for myself, too. I set myself free. I did it, to set myself free. It was my choice. My choice… And I left him there, without any choice for him.
Dean does.
Dean puts his head back on the table with a loud BAM! “Fuck…” he laughs.
“He sounds lovely, when he moans. You wanna make him moan, Benny?”
“Yeah…” He wants Cas to let him touch it like that.
Benny’s thumb draws circles on Dean’s rim.
“What, Benny?”
Okay, as you wish. Dean looks at Benny and snickers silently. Oh man, this is ridiculous, Benny feels like he’s eleven years old kid and he’s about to kiss a girl for the first time. Except for it’s a grown man, his boss, and he is so fucking beautiful, and his lips are so close, these lips are so pink and so soft and so close… damn it.
He repeats, taking it in a little more.
“Look at me. Dean”
Voice is quiet, eyes are piercing. He waits.
Castiel’s spit still shines over Deans skin, hole is twitching again, and it makes Benny dizzy. He closes his eyes and leans even closer, warming Dean’s skin with his breath. Benny licks his lips.
It made him a little calmer. He leans back, his gaze is glued to his favourite part. Dean is back on his elbows, he's definitely heard Benny saying it, he just wants to make sure. He just wants to hear it again.
“How do you know me so well?” Dean throws after him. He laughs.
He rises from the chair to take the vallet from the back pocket of his jeans.
Castiel closes the door and turns around to look at his husband, who’s biting on his knuckles, eyes grow wider and wider.
Finally.
“What did you do?”
Benny stands up and rubs his face, he needs to take a few deep inhales, for sure, so he does. He even shakes off his shoulders to cut the shiver.
“Yeah…”
Fuck.
Benny increases his speed, he can see Dean’s free hand bail into fist as he tries to hold his whines.
Castiel’s hand is gentle, warm, and full of care.
Castiel’s fingers run circle around Dean’s hole, he looks at his husband above the shoulder.
“Do you want to play, or do you want to fuck?”
Dean can feel Cas' kiss on his shoulder, and some fumbling behind his own ass - Cas uses the towel too. Then just crawls from Dean's back to the front. Finally kisses his mouth.
Castiel looks at Benny’s face, he is pleased with the reaction. The guess was so simple, actually. He’s not genious, he is just… gay. Any man appreciates his essential part to be taken with care. But with genuine eager? Yeah, simple as that.
“If”s are draining me. They are the lump in my throat, big and barbed. Sometimes it grows so big, it blocks the air from getting into my lungs. And in times like these I wonder, maybe I should just stop breathing at all? Still easier, than to accept your absence.
“You always have to make sure,” Castiel starts, looking at Benny with all his cogency, like it’s a very important tip for the future, “…that he is ready for your cock.” And he raises his eyebrow, insisting on the importance of the spoken.
Castiel is so fast, and Dean pulls his knees closer to his chest, his toes curl, responding to pressure inside. He can’t… He…
«Jack brought you back. It took him a while, that bitch was too furious. Remember, how he blow himself up in the empty?», I nod again, of course I remember. «Well, he woke up everyone. So it couldn't sleep amymore, with everyone awake there…» I close my eyes, I need to make sure I don't hear them anymore.
“Yeah..”
Benny thinks exactly the same at this particular moment. He breathes deeply through his mouth, he reminds himself again, he needs to hold on. He’d gladly imagine Dean being some random girl, cause it would be way less arousing, than the fact he’s receiving his first blowjob, performed by man. By Dean. And his pink lips. Fuck, they are created to look good around the cock. Benny wants to come, watching those lips swol with insatiability.
“And…” Dean looks him in the eye and smirks “You haven’t moved in the slightest since”
Castiel stands up to pour two glasses of water, he holds one out for Benny.
This he can do. He grips Dean at the back of his knees and spreads his legs even wider. He swallows again, geez, his face and his mouth is now so close to what he wants, he soon will drool like a dog, probably.
“Such a good boy for me. My sweet boy…” Castiel kisses again, palm continuing stroking his skin in circular motions.
Nothing changes in Benny’s expression.
Dean’s body is shaking lightly, his eyes are closed, but he can hear the familiar wet squishing noise. His fingers dig deeper into his jeans.
To smile, when your stubble tickles my ribs.
I’m sitting on the floor, holding you in my arms. My fingers hurt. I must’ve clutched them into your trench coat too tight. I have no idea how long I’ve been sitting like this.
He also remembers his own initiation into Castiel’s beautiful world, and exhales softly. They had so much fun, geez. And now it turned out, they are only getting started.
Benny does, and he watches Castiel’s fingers slide agains his, then carefully circle Dean’s rim.
Benny bursts with quiet laugh too.
They have a lunch all together in the common kitchen. That new order is a big deal, actually, it’s gonna bring them a lot of money, it’s a good reason to celebrate. So Dean is generous, and he orders pizza and even beer for everyone. It’s a pleasant atmosphere, they all are in a great mood, and Dean laughs sincerely at Benny’s jokes, and adds some of his own, that make all the guys laugh even harder. Benny laughs too. He asks, if Dean wants another piece of that one with extra cheese but no, thanks man, I’m good.
“Yeah, okay..” Benny grins wider, and all of a sudden drops down and places a wet smooch on Dean’s exposed hole, which causes a loud exclamation to break out from Dean’s mouth.
“Hiiii!”
“Yes, Castiel”
Dean gets up and takes few steps in a direction of doors. I don't even know what I want to say, but his name escapes my mouth, before I can understand.
“You both may come”
“He just needs… a little more time and persuasion. And double care.”
Well, fuck.
“That’s it.” Castiel smiles with the corner of his lips.
“Very good” Cas adds his thumb to encourage. “Go on”
“…my good boy.”
Dean knows Benny is here, he is acutely aware of his presence, like he can feel Benny’s eyes on his back. He’s is watching them, and he’s probably confused as hell. Maybe even disgusted? But no, he’s not like that, he has no prejudices. And if he was really disturbed, he’d say something already, right? Maybe he… maybe he likes it? Why is he so silent? Or maybe he’s so shocked, he can’t say anything? Jesus fucking Christ, how Dean is going to look him in the eyes on Monday morning? Okay, hush. They are not doing anything extremely explicit yet. Yet..! Yes, the want is tangible in the air, but it’s only kissing now. And Benny is watching. Dean is embarrassed, he is so embarrassed. His co-worker, his subordinate is watching him. Dean wants to ask Cas to stop, he wants to apologise to Benny and take a few weeks off not to see his face for a while. He wants... He wants Cas' hand to slide into Dean's jeans and take out his cock. He wants Benny to see it. He is so embarrassed with this thought, and it makes him aroused even more. Fuck.
Dean cracks his eye open to the sound of morning alarm. It’s Monday, 7:30 am. He quickly turns it off not to wake Cas, who’s lying close, with his hand thrown across Dean’s chest, snuffling quietly. Dean takes his time, absorbing these minutes of morning laziness, slowly becoming more conscious, as he pets Cas’ hair, messed up and soft under his fingers. He’d like to stay like this for much longer, but damn, he has work to do, not to mention certain amount of stress he’s probably gonna face today.
It’s quite hot, but windy today.
Dean’s not buying it.
This name in his head instantly makes him alarmed, better than any clock. Hell, frighten, even. Of course he and Cas had a conversation on the matter already. He knows what to do, and what to expect, and how he should behave, and Cas has assured him.. he's assured him… whoa!
“Good”
They spend some time being like this, soft and sensuous, even tender. Then Castiel’s hands grip him tighter, lips became more demanding, as he kisses behind Dean’s ear. He whispers:
“Dean,” Castiel starts.
Castiel wants to know. To hear it. Right now, fucking like this. He wants Dean to tell him, what… things they did to each other. He looks into Dean’s eyes so attentively.
Benny doesn’t answer, he continues to invade.
You rolled the window down, and fresh air immediately filled up the car.
“I do” Cas smiles softly. “I love you too”
Dean knows, how it’s done, he knows, how Castiel likes to hear him saying these kind of things. It makes Dean squirm every time, but he loves this feeling.
They wrap their arms around each other.
“Uh-huh”
“Absolutely. I can’t read his mind, but… You saw his expressions.”
“What?” Dean asks again, this time eyebrows risen.
Castiel gasps, and his hand falls to Dean’s hip bone, pulling his ass and clenching hole closer.
“So,” Cas says, looking at Benny with a genuine smile. “I don’t know… tea? Maybe?”
“Yeah, you go” Dean says, still giggling over the last joke.
They need, yeah.
Your bare legs are sticking out of your robe. You are strong enough to walk around the bunker, and, of course, the first thing you did is get to the kitchen. Oh, you woke up hungry and just wanted to make yourself a sandwich, I see…
Castiel gets up too, throws away the pillows an grabs the towel to put it in the middle of the bed. He turns his eyes on Dean.
They really had a conversation on topic. On Benny. How does he feel after everything, what is he thinking, is he really into men...
“It’s noon, actually, but we decided not to wake you.” He looks at me, attentively. There’s something in his gaze, I don’t understand it. Its different, I’ve never seen him looking at me like this.
Wait…
As in confirmation, with the same fantastically beautiful expression on his face, Dean sticks out the tip of his tongue to slide it upon his bottom lip. It’s shiny wet now. He bites it.
“Sure”
Dean’s back is arching, hand is flying on his cock, Benny can’t see his face, but he definitely can hear his raged breath. He must feel so good, so fucking good right now. And Benny does this to him.
“You coming?”
“You may begin”
Surprisingly, this thought makes him feel… jealous? Uncomfortable? Fucking… sad?
We hugged each other so many times, but somehow, it fells different now. Something in him is different. I can feel his body trembling against my chest, I feel, there’s an ache in him, too.
Dean may have a few ideas, what Cas is up to. Either way, he’s good with anything. He loves Cas’ ideas. They always end up very well, he trusts him on that completely. He is full with nervous excitement, he's a little embarrassed, he may be slightly aroused already, but it's okay. He loves this part. It’s tickling his guts just the right way.
“Umm, no. We’re not very much into that. By difficult conditions I mean something, that is difficult specifically for you.”
“He…” he takes another deep breath. Fuck, he’s really gonna do it. He’s really gonna tell about it like this. “He came to my office early in the morning…”
“Like shit”
Benny starts to snicker again. He can be sucked for hours, believe him! This is definitely not the thing he’s going crazy about. Castiel in not even close, this is so funny. Wide grin sits on Benny’s face as he turns his head to wink at Dean in his usual foxy manner, but Dean has his eyes on Castiel’s. And there’s something in Dean’s eyes, Benny has never seen before.
Dean puts his bag on the shoulder and walks to the doors, spinning the car keys on his finger.
But for Castiel, it has to be something else to that, and Benny knows exactly what it is. He understands now, how it works. And fuck, he’s into it.
Dean squirms.
“No, Dean. I mean it.” Castiel frowns, emphasizing the seriousness of the said words. “Stop confusing reality with porn again. We have the actual human being here and we need to show him our utter care and full support”
“Do you want to touch you cock, Dean?”
“50 more on he’s going to try to interact with you in a… certain way…”
“Y-yes..”
He licks his thumb again and starts to circle Dean’s rim with it. The skin is soft and malleable, moist with Benny’s spit, tip of his finger nearly slides inside. Castiel is right, Dean is relaxed and ready. And hell, he’s probably very skilled with taking it in his ass. Pleasure and need is written all over his beautiful face.
Somehow, Dean understands. He just squeezes my shoulder and releases a heavy exhale.
Benny laughs, and shakes it in a warm grip.
“Well, it was nice to get to know you better, Benny” Castiel continues, as he holds out a hand in his direction.
Castile pushes his thumb into soft skin behind Dean’s balls. His eyes are piercing.
“Oh..”
“Yeah, thanks” He drinks greedily.
“You don’t have a minute -“
“I should bring you some clothes, you can’t stay like this” Cas murmurs between kisses.
I can’t drive alone. I keep seeing your gaze on my right. I see it, when I look into the rear view mirror too. Like you’re still here, around, waiting to say something. Or just sitting silently, pervading the air with the appeasement of your presence. Looking at me.
“Yeah...” Benny confirms eagerly, as he looks up at Dean’s face to meet his eyes. And this is the exact moment, when Dean is sure, he’s absolutely sure, that Benny is so fucking into it. And it’s gonna happen now, right now, please. Dean cannot wait any longer, Jesus.
“Yes, Castiel”
Benny’s hand squeezes the back of his neck, but he breaks the “kiss” and stares at Dean with a certain amount of irritation.
They breathe.
It’s more than “Thank you!” It’s more than enormous amount of gratitude. It’s a bliss. Dean looks like he is blessed with the given opportunity. To suck a man’s cock. Benny’s cock, in particular.
“Fuck… Cas!”
One step over fear. They both take it.
God, I’m so scared. It starts in my fingertips, they ache, like being pinned with needles. Needles get into my blood flow and make my whole body shiver.
Not particularly comfortable to move, considering the pants, but he succeeds.
Castiel is very pleased. His lubed hand now lays on the small of Dean’s back, he places the other one on Benny’s shoulder, squeezing it lightly.
But he surely is willing to try. Because, fuck. This is worth everything.
“Why were you late from work?”
So he closes his eyes and kisses Castiel. It’s silent, but it is definitely a “yes”.
“Cas?”
“… suck it”
“A SECOND! Jesus, please, one second!”
Dean comes.
“Yes” It is.
“He likes it hard from behind. Give him what he wants”
He holds my face with his hands, holds it tight, nails digging into my skin. He closes his eyes and leans closer, to press his forehead against mine.
“Very good”
Castiel tilts his head, looking directly into Dean’s eyes, and his fingers are fully out with quiet wet noise.
“I love you too!” And they start to kiss, like they are alone in their kitchen. Like Benny’s not even there, sitting in his chair, his hand still in the air, with lube all over his fingers. But he surely can’t hold back a smile over the fact that they are sooo married.
His smile is so mild, it makes Dean squirm again. His head is more dizzy now.
And Cas
“I want…”
“I mean…”
Dean grins. You fucker. You think you’re the one cool here?
“Did you like it?”
«Yes, you do. Shut up.»
I’ll fucking show you professionals.
“Are you okay now?”
They’re not going to continue with watching this series, for sure. One of Cas’ colleagues recommended it, but they have different hits on what “a show, that keeps you in tense” is, apparently. Reporters are weird, nothing to add about it.
“Good” Castiel pats his shoulder in approval. “Very good, Benny”
“Oh, I beg your pardon. I forgot we don’t have any supplies here. Will go to the bedroom to bring some”
Dean smiles, and Cas smiles back.
“I should..” He starts uncertainly.
Dean bites his lip, his head goes dizzy. He likes it. Fuck, he really likes it. They used to play some scenes like this, fantasies, nothing more. But to tell about what happened for real… Christ.
Dean moans again.
Sound escapes Dean’s mouth and he closes his eyes again. Castiel is very pleased with this sound, so he starts the unhurried rhythm.
“It’s okay,” Cas mumbles against his skin. “Breathe”
Castiel continues.
“Oh my god stop whining, it’s not that bad!” Cas rolls his eyes, and he uses his whole body to do so.
Benny bites on his lip. “Yeah, okay”
“Fucker”
“Now I can think about food only, I’m starving, really.” Cas exhales.
“Do you like it like this, my sweet boy?”
“You want what?”
Dean does.
Castiel is pleased.
He stares, and it makes Benny swallow hesitantly, because somehow he’s instantly nervous again. Awkward silence hits this kitchen again. Then:
“Yeah, okay. Okay… So uh, Jack tried to talk, but the Shadow was just mad. It tried to calm everyone down and get them back to sleep, but  failed. Turned out, only Jack could do it. So he, um, he traded you”, Dean smiles. “He made a deal - total silence in exchange for one nerdy dude with wings”.
Cas is right.
Dean looks at his own hands, clenched into fists.
Dean lets go off his legs and tries to step on the floor. Knees are too weak, they shake, and he grabs the headboard to help himself from falling.
Dean’s adrenaline is bursting, he tries to catch his breath and calm down. He’s not sure, if the cause is fingers deep in his hole, on the question, or the way he is positioned at the moment, or all at once, mixed together. Fuck. It makes his insides shrink into a tight ball.
It took me way too long to understand, but I see now… it’s not about you, it’s about me.
The movie evening went just great. It was a good idea to invite Benny to come over to their place, Dean is not sure now, why he was so nervous about it. Cas and Benny get along very well, they met a few times before and instantly liked each other, so why he was so bothered? It’s normal thing to invite friend over to spend some time together, considering Benny is still new in town and he doesn’t have a lot of acquaintances here. And hey, it was Cas' idea, after all!
“Oh, you gotta be kidding me!” Dean bursts out.
“Feeling better?” His eyes move from Dean to Benny and back. As they both nod with thank, he looks pleased and steps away to put the glasses into the sink. He rinses his hands with warm water.
“Yes” what?” Castiel demands, rubbing his thumb on Deans cheekbone.
“Yeah, right. Thanks..” Benny gets up, pulls up his pants and off he goes. He, by all means, needs a minute alone with himself.
He turns around and looks at Benny.
Castiel stops as suddenly as he started, he places one more wet kiss on Dean’s skin and moves back to his previous position. He looks at Benny.
It is a hope.
“Talk?”
Benny doesn’t look stupid anymore, his mouth turns wet again, especially after he looks at Dean’s face. Damn, he looks so beautiful, cheeks flushed, lips open, heavy breathing coming out of his mouth. He’s so ready.
“This is very good, Benny. Now fuck him.”
“Tell me, what happened.” He hits his prostate hard, pressure inside is too much to bear.
“Oh fuck you, sincerely! Would it make you dead or something? To warm it in your palm for five seconds?” Dean bursts with a grimace.
Dean’s hand runs down, he grabs himself tight and good, as he was desperate for this.
Castiel finally nods and shoves his reward into his pocket, grin now inappropriately wide.
“No, I mean. That’s cool. That’s, that’s pretty impressive. And you... Well, If you like it that way…”
Benny presses in again, causing another moan to escape Dean’s lips. When it comes to the second knuckle, Dean says, almost breathless.
He goes.
“But..”
Cas approaches, looking into Dean’s eyes. Cups his face with his both hands and kisses him. Dean curls his hand around him.
“Tell Benny how good he is, and you can touch your cock”
Benny isn’t sure he’s gonna last even one.
The kitchen is silent.
“Okay, listen…” Dean takes another breath, he is still red, but he starts to snicker anyway. “It… it wasn’t that…”
“Yes… yes please” Dean is almost inaudible, he lets go of Benny’s wrist, and Benny isn’t sure he’s gonna make it, he wants it to be his dick, not his thumb, and if he’s about to hear any more of Dean’s moans… he is not responsible for himself.
“Don’t… what?” Dean is a little bewildered over the response and he starts to snicker.
“Sometimes he is, yeah”
Castiel holds his face with both palms, thumbs stroking his cheekbones lovingly.
“Wh…” Benny stops himself when he understands the question.
“Cas!” Dean gasps, he looks Into his husbands eyes and his face pleas.
“Look at him and tell him”
him. You
“How are you doing down there?”
I can’t look at him.
Your hair. Smell of my shampoo.
“You had!”
To hold you, closer than ever, and not be afraid to.
Not today.
Now the main question is being finally asked. Now they face each other.
“So polite. Did you thank him from us both, too?”
“Are you sure?” Cas murmurs into his mouth and captures his bottom lip.
Dean smirks. He opens his mouth and licks the tip once, lazily.
“I’m in a middle of a process here, for fuck’s sake…” he swears. “Can you shut up? Agreed… agreed…” he grouses into Dean’s skin. “Don’t you have something else to worry about? Geez!”
“Oh, I will” Dean assures.
Benny fucks in again, and Dean raises his eyebrows. Fuck, this sonofabitch clearly mocks him.
“Would you like us two to take you like this from both sides?”
“You can and you will, now” He lets go of his hair. “Stand up and bring yourself together”
Come back to me.
“Are you close, my sweet boy?” Castiel continues with kisses.
Dean looks at him and he believes. This all gonna end up very well for all of them, because Castiel is in charge.
“It was a seduction.”
“I wanna fuck this.” He looks at Castiel.
Cas doesn’t take his eyes from Dean, his smile grows wider and wider, turning into salacious grin.
Damn, this is too hot. Benny's underwear is most likely to be a wet mess at this point, his cock twitches in his pants, it's probably leaking with precome right fucking now.
This words make Dean squirm, fill his guts with weird mix of shame, excitement and lust. He likes to show it, his exposed vulnerability, and he’s so embarrassed he likes to do it, it makes him aroused even more. He does as he's told.
“Oh..” This makes Benny’s guts uncurl, and his heart is beating faster now. This is a big deal. He actually means something for them. He feels… good. Yeah, definitely good. Like, honoured, even.
He can hear Castiel inhales sharply.
Dean is doing fantastic.
Fuck. Fuck! Dean squirms.
Dean does.
“That was very good.”
He turns the key two times and opens the door.
“Dean, what happened? How… am I here?”
He makes sure Benny understands, that his hand moving down not to squeeze Dean’s cheeks, but deliberately to Dean’s hole. He stops his fingers right above it.
Dean breathes. He likes the unhurried built.
“M’fine” he mumbles, when his mouth has successfully returned to it’s usual size. “It’s just… this episode got me sleepy. So boring, geez”
In between of shifting the gears, I hold your hand.
Dean tries his full mouth mumblings to be affirmative, but it sounds more like a desperate whine.
Dean… stops.
“No?” Benny is confused again. He though they wanted this to happen?
“I can’t take it anymore. And I don’t want to. I don’t need to. We won. We did it. And the last piece missing was you. You.”
“Enough of this, okay? Dying, sacrificing, making deals. Of blood, of scars. Killing. Hunting, chasing… running.” His beautiful face is twisted pain, voice shaking.
“Please... Benny, please…” He repeats as his thighs tremble. Jesus, he wants it so bad.
“No. You’re not touching me today” and he puts it down is silent obedience.
Dean takes off his boots and jacket and goes.
“Okay. Benny, pull out a little more”
“Dean, you can touch your cock now” He grabs it straight away and starts to jerk off in the same rhythm Benny fucks into his ass, slowly and sensually.
Dean turns his head to the side and cracks his eye open to the sound of steps, and he sees Benny in the doorway.
Adults, huh? Yeah… Okay.
“Yeah.” Benny confirms and winces, as Castiel’s grip on his hair getting tighter and turns nearly painful.
Sly smile appears on Cas’ face, as he leaves the kitchen.
That is clearly twenty points to Benny, but Dean chokes. He smacks Benny’s stomach, pushing him back, and when his throat is finally free, he coughs with laughter. Benny turns to Castiel and puts a hand on his chest, like he speaks “god’s honest truth”
Dean chokes, he needs a second, okay? To finally accept the fact that it’s really happening. It’s… fuck. It’s getting hard to breathe, his adrenaline is insane, probably.
I don’t understand why is he crying? I'm dizzy, my body is aching with every cell, but pain never stopped me from recognizing feelings on his face. Sadness, grief, anxiety, anger, despondency, disgust... anything. But what is this?
Fuck.
“Yeah?” He says.
Lines of my bones, enveloped within my skin, so tensed and fragile. The tremble of my hands in the morning, as I try but can’t find you next to me. My old clothes, my new clothes. Corners of my house.  My car’s seat upholstery. Soft recoil of my revolver. Food on my plate. Blood in my arteries. My “yes”s and my “no”s and cracks in my voice, as I say so.
They need to hold on, they both need to hold on. They have something to prove to Castiel.
But then… decided to give it a try. To add some kind of plot and to write it as a long story
“Okay” He nods. “Okay then…”
“… you didn’t!” Dean says, putting his hand down from his face.
What shapes me?
“Oh, thanks for the unbiased honesty”
“Because I love you this much” He had to rise his voice a little, for Dean to hear him from the corridor.
Castiel’s expression is not even close soft and loving.
“God... yes”
He grins.
“Yes. Was he nervous?”
But it is.
“And he… yeah, you were right.” He swallows to soften his dried throat. It’s not so easy to speak, during this process, but he tries his best. His voice shakes slightly, he makes tiny pauses to breathe in between the rounds of pressure. “He, umm… he said… he said it was…interesting experience, but…”
“Benny, shut up” There’s a smile in his tone.
“You wish” Dean pouts.
“But Benny,” Cas breaks a kiss “Benny had no time to proceed the thought of actually having it. It was more like shoking therapy for him.”
If I could roll my eyes right now, i'd did it.
“Why? I think I look astonishing”
“Are you sure, Benny?” With his free hand, Castiel opens a lid of a lube and squishes a generous amount on the table, then takes some with his fingers.
“Poor guy” Dean snickers.
The casual tone these words are spoken with. The audacity. Well, it’s the truth, after all. Castiel looks at Benny and smiles, like he exactly knows, what Benny wants. Course, it’s special - to have sex with a man. But to kiss one? THAT one? These lips looked so good been busy as hell now so long ago. Now he caught himself staring at them again. Can he? Kiss a man? Kiss his boss? Can he kiss Dean? Because, dear Lord, now he wants to.
Benny does and Dean moans. It’s a good moan.
“Dean, let go and let Benny thrust into your hole properly. You want him to, don’t you?”
Dean rolls his eyes.
“Pretty sure, he did” Dean bites his lip now, trying to calm himself down, but fails at that.
“I’m sorry, sorry. Fuck, I just need a minute,”
And you shiver too. Are those my needles got into your veins or are those yours? Jesus, do you have the same idiotic thoughts in your head?? God, we are both so clumsy, so stupid, so fucking stupid! We were so dumb, we are both so dumb! We are…
“In fact, I’ve… I’ve never had… I’ve only had him, you know”
I do.
He nearly chokes on his fingers and lets out incoherent sounds, but it’s so hard, his vision gets unfocused.
“Yes…” Dean is slightly breathes too.
Eventually, they end up sitting at the kitchen table, finishing their beer and laughing at some stupid story Benny was telling them.
“You wanna fuck him harder?”
“Fuck…” Dean gasps, throwing his head back. “Fuck…”
Benny silently exhales in relief, sitting in his chair. Well, that was weird, but it’s okay now. They both are probably a little drunk, that’s all. Although, he has never seen them kissing like this before. Yeah, couple of fast smooches at the office parties, but that’s all. In fact, he has never seen men making out that close in front of his eyes. This… this is nice. So he just looks. They’re too busy with each other, so why don’t observe a little? Love is beautiful, okay?
The blowjob itself isn't about just getting sucked. It’s about fulfilling that one exact, exceptional dream of Benny’s, that has been hidden very good and very deep. Of a man, who actually LOVES to have another man's dick in his mouth.
At this point i'm too weak to even answer. He covers me with a blanket and sits on a bed. “I’ll watch over you tonight” he says. I cant help, but smile.
“Dean.” Voice rises slightly, it’s solid and demanding, two fingers enter abruptly, and if Dean wasn’t held by Castiel’s arm on his ribs, he’d probably fell of the bed. But loud exclamation expresses his feels very well.
“…stay. Here. With me. Please. PLEASE. How many more times do I have to see you go? How many more times do I have burn your body, or watch you explode, or vanish into sticky black mud? How many? Please, please say you won’t leave me again. Please, promise not to fucking die again, Cas. You hear me? Promise. Promise me. Because I can’t take it anymore. I can’t. Can’t…” His hands limply fall down, shoulders shudder in silent cry.
“Press harder” Castiel prompts. And Benny does.
“Good” Castiel nods. “Now up, a little more”
Dean laughs too.
“Yes”
“It’s 50 bucks for him to show an eager to do so. But if you dare…” He taps a finger on own chin, like he’s considering something. “I’d rise it up to 50 more for you to be very much… into it.”
“…and then?” He looks at Deans mouth, open in heavy breathing.
“You fucking didn’t!” His face now holds a bewildered smile.
Castiel looks up. He puts one hand on Dean’s waist, other goes under his T-shirt. Fingers warm on his ribs, they move slowly, they tickle a little. Dean is not sure, if he’s allowed, but he has to try anyway. He rises his hand in attempt to lay it on Castiel’s shoulder, but
Benny slows his hand, but he keeps working with his mouth, placing wet kisses all over in between the thrusts. He slows his hand and pulls his fingers out of Dean, he licks in with his tongue instead.
My head is spinning again. I try to perceive everything he said, but all the thoughts are too heavy for me now, it’s hard to concentrate again.
Benny steps closer and kisses him.
“I want to fuck a man. I want to fuck a man in his ass with my cock”
Castiel bites his earlobe and thrusts harder.
“Ugh, I should…umm”
“Show him, how good you are.”
“Dean.”
Benny starts to understand how it works. And hell, this does things to him too, he literally catches every word. And if Cas will make Dean say it out loud…
“Cas?”
“You really want this to happen…”
Castiel looks at him.
“Fuck.. fuck!” Dean gasps. He can’t touch his own cock, but he can’t help himself with grabbing Benny’s hair, pressing his face closer.
«Morning, sunshine. Want some?» Dean puts one cup on a bedside table, as he blows off the steam of the one in his other hand. Surprisingly, I realize I do.
I will never leave him again.
Benny takes a step forward and quickly presses his lips against Dean’s, both grinning like idiots.
He kisses. He holds his lips still. He kisses again. All around, but very close to. Benny is not in a hurry, he takes his time, enjoying every single second of it. He can feel Dean is trembling, he can hear him letting a soft exhale out of his mouth. Benny captures his hole with his lips and starts to move his tongue in circles. He gonna make Dean feel so good, so fucking good...
He understands.
He rises from the desk and starts to put all his stuff in his bag. He makes sure grin is not on his face anymore.
Fuck. He can do even better.
“Please, go on”
“Lay down on your left side”
“I don’t”
“Were you taking him deep, my boy?”
And feel. It’s warmth. It’s all around me. It’s inside me.
“Yeah. So nice, you decided to grab your book instead.”
Dean shrugs. “Yeah, sure”
“Yeah..” He hears in response, and shudders at the sensation of two hands, stroking hot skin of his lower back, moving idly down to his ass. Petting and praise. He loves it.
Position is somewhere between lying and sitting, as the headboard is very close to his back, and when he rests his back on the pillows, his head is only inches lower, than Castiel’s. His ass stays on Castiel’s lap, and now he’s so very sure about how it’s gonna be today.
I don’t remember… I…
My palms touch something cold, my knees hurt, I guess I fell on them. Slowly, the light is fading, and I can see my hands, I see my fingers on the familiar floor. Vision is blurry, but I can recognize the room. It is the last room I saw.
Yes, he fucking likes Benny. That way. Very much.
Dean’s shoulder joints pop quietly, as he stretches his arms above his head, yawning so wide, it could actually bring collateral damage.
“Oooh, we are so very sensitive, aren’t we?” Dean can’t hold back a smile and he starts giggling.
“Tired?”
“Yes” Castiel’s facial expression softens visibly. His hand starts to move again, same unhurried rhythm, same smooth pace.
“Fuck! Jesus, Benny…”
Dean can’t hold it anymore, he breaks his silence with loud “Oh fuck!”
Do I?
“How long can you last in unusually difficult conditions?”
Today they have started this process with Benny. Castiel did not only picked him for them to have fun with. He discerned another one repressed and fucked up guy, and opens him up slowly, carefully, step by step. Dean was so distracted with his own lust, he didn’t have time to understand, that all of this has the actual point. Essential purpose. That’s how Cas does it. Gives you all you have been dreaming about, without you questioning it. And then makes you stop and think what are you doing exactly, and what does it mean to you. What’s the reason and what’s the goal. With this little task he has assigned for Benny, he, for sure, made Benny’s brain roast a little. Or a lot. We’ll see now.
Please.
Benny immediately burst out with laughter. Okay, this, maybe, will go a little less awkward than he's expected.
Or use a duck tape. Or shove us both into the bottle and threw it away into the ocean.
Cas makes sure Benny is watching.
Dean grabs the door handle. He is a little bit annoyed with another one question. Sure, Benny is his buddy, but he doesn’t have time for that. Can he please go home already?
Castiel presses his lubed fingers, to his ass, and it makes Dean hiss.
Castiel reaches to Dean’s crotch, he circles his fingers around Dean’s hole, making him gasp.
Dean looks at the palm. What the…
“You’re so good, you’re so fucking good, please, don’t stop, holy fuck…” Dean’s whispers, and his head falls back in a silent gasp. Benny licks harder, he’s "so good, he’s so fucking good" and probably only a gun to his head can make him stop at this point.
“It makes sense,” Dean nods. His face holds calm friendly expression. It’s okay Benny. All is fine. “We’re adults, yeah. If you’re okay with everything, I’m okay too”
“Because it’s a cock!” Cas points at Dean’s face with half empty tube. “There’s difference, okay? It’s way more sensitive!”
Castiel wipes his hands with paper towel and puts his hand into that little box from the bedroom.
He takes the fifty and places it where it fairly belongs now.
And now he’s asked, if he wants a piece.
Dean closes his eyes.
He swallows and closes his eyes. Damn, this is so awkward, but… he stands there, with his pulled down pants, completely frozen, his hands on his sides, as they are glued to his thighs, surrending to the sensation. And Castiel keeps on doing that with his fingers, he touches his cock, his balls, over and over, util he is pleased with the result.
It’s so domestic now. So comfy and easy. Like they've welcomed him into their life, like he's not just a random guy anymore.
“Do you?”
You know who you remind me of? A cold little sparrow on a twig, who keeps on ruffling the feathers to keep warm.
His husband looks at him.
I want to touch him, to hold him, but I shouldn't. He's here, and that should be enough. It was enough, though? Through all these years. Just to stand by his side, to know he's alive and safe. To care about him, to fight for him, to kill for him.
Cas moves his fingers down Dean's cheekbone.
“Thank you very much” Dean says, tying it up.
And damn, if he’s not excited about this. But yeah, he replies with the same mild smile, he knows how to play.
“What are we gonna order for dinner, huh? You hungry?”
Benny stops, he’s scared he did something wrong.
Benny’s eyes widen even more, there’s a question in them again.
Shaking slowly fades. Castiel’s hand is not on his head anymore, but he relaxes anyway. Tension leaves his shoulders, his spine, his knees. His mind. His eyes are closed, but he can hear the sound of fabric being pulled off across the skin, he hears soft metallic tapping and clicking, zipper sound and a thud of jeans and belt, being tossed on the floor. He waits.
“No, Dean” Castiel demands mildly, and Dean stops immediately.
My mind does blank again.
“You’re back. You’re here. With me”
Fuck, Dean nearly forgot about him. He wants to turn his head and say something witty, but Cas holds his neck in the position. And Dean knows this particular grip very well. It’s a firm press of fingers on the back of his neck, right under the hairline. This grip means, he’s supposed to do as he’s told. Usually, it’s the thing they do when they are on their own. But… now? With Benny around? Dean isn’t sure, he understood the signal right. Maybe Cas just randomly squeezed his neck? He tries to move it again, but Cas’ grip just hardens. Dean freezes and swallows hard. What the fuck is going on? Cas smiles at Benny and says offhandedly:
“Which is?” He asks.
“Yes, you can, Dean” He confirms tranquilly.
“No, no. You should rest now, you hear me? Lay down, okay?” he sniffs and tries to smile. I just nod in agreement and put my head back on a pillow. Guess he’s right, I’m still to weak to move, even to speak. But not to listen.
“It’s okay. I’m okay with it.” Cas kisses him. And it’s not soft and sweet. It’s a slide of his tongue against Dean’s upper lip, it’s an instant capture. It’s sensual and demanding.
Prayers never got me any good. Except of those, that were for you.
“Go work?” Dean snickers lightly. It’s a nice, eased laugh. One more assurance, that everything’s fine.
Please, say yes.
All the employees know this habit of his, and no one dares to disturb him, even if they came earlier too.
“Dean. I said. We’ll talk about it. Later. Okay?” He looks into his eyes demandingly, and Dean nods. “I had a couple of very stressful and highly responsible hours. I’ve been highly focused and attentive. As you may have seen, I wasn’t even half-hard, during this, because I was utterly determined to do everything right…” He exhales sharply and puts his hand away from Dean’s mouth to place a kiss over it. Hands move down, to untie Dean’s robe. “I need a break. Don’t you think?” Hands wander over Dean’s naked body, fingers digging into warm skin, as his tongue enters his mouth with obvious need.
"You know what bitch, your just some cockroach whom I can crush beneath my shoes. So don't dilly dally it and tell me about your boss." Dean growls back pulling the woman's head back, knife close to her neck.
Cas breaths slowly to let the other person walk away before he initiates his own rescue. According to internet, people are most likely to get killed in the hostage situation then taken captive. So Cas is sure that the person maybe is in it for money.
"It's alright, you scared me when you fainted." He says pursing his lips. Cas sighs and twiddles with the comforter, he's still in his morning clothes. He licks his lips before he asks.
"Hey don't joke about Riot, atleast he has better manners than you." Sam says smirking back when his brother stares blankly at him.
Both of them were close standing against the table beside each other like teenagers going for their first kiss. Cas picked out the flour from between his nails, leaning back on the cupboards, Dean was beside him in the same position, there arms brushing lightly. "Dean, if I ask you to let me go somewhere on my own, would you?"
I bent down, my eyes locked with his, and pick up the beer bottle twirling it. I put my foot on Dean's mouth and pour the beer over my leg. He drinks it off my feet before I pull my leg. I take a swig off the drink and bent down towards Dean whose eyes are blown in lust. My lips hover in front of his, he closes his eyes inspecting a kiss. I snort inwardly and just lick from his chin up to his bottom lip with the tip of my tongue and get up.
"I'm not much of a praying type" The Alpha said in a way, like he had needles pinned in his throat. With a roll of his eyes, Cas took both of Dean's big hands as he directed "Close your eyes, Dean."
"My Grandfather. He passed away in II war between us and Abaddon's Kingdom." Dean said stopping beside Cas to look at the portrait with a sad but proud look "He fought till the end, before a soldier gutted him in the stomach. I thought he abandoned my father but... he never did."
"There's no lady actually. I'm-" Cas starts but is stopped when Balthazar's invisible wings smack him at the back of his head.
Castiel collapsed on the soft bed with a moan. Michael, his brother chuckled at his laziness "Jetlag? I thought you loved 'flying like a free bird'" His brother said quoting his words. Cas rolled his eyes and snuggled more onto his brother's bed.
He ducks his head back when strong of scent blood travel his nostrils with the bodies littered around the castle painting all the white snow into the red. He has seen how cruel Dean can be when the man ordered to let everyone alive but damage one of their limbs for a slow recovery. He had seen Dean rip off a man's leg, how can that lost limb be recovered?
He sighs and turned his head away from Dean. Dean looked at Cas with a frown, he is doing everything for his Cas but the cold demeanor of his omega is getting on his nerves. "I have to take care of something. And I would like for you to join me." He holds his hand out like a gentleman for Cas to take.
They both breathe heavily, Dean held onto Cas hand, his other hand goes around Cas cock to pleasure his angel. Their hands get sweaty with time. They reach their climax, as Cas comes on Dean's hand while Dean's load shoots up to the condom.
"What the
"ONE YEAR???"
Cas roamed around the garden with Sam just behind him. He didn't know what to feel about the over large shadow over him, they were still suspicious that maybe he will run away.
They took a short break for having lunch, which was packed in the morning. The omega woke up squinting his eyes around as the sun hit his eyes, he didn't feel the motion of horse on his bump which only meant, they have stopped or- Dean has left him alone in the middle of a forest.
He huffed staring ahead, before asking "Then what about the cart?" Sam, Benny and Jo who were walking a little behind stiffened and exchanged glances, actually they were the ones who destroyed the cart to get the couple a chance to get intimate.
Dean rolls his eyes "Come on dude, I know someone in there, he's my best friend."
Dean's eyes move from the stereo to Cas "You listen to Led Zeppelin?"
The demon blinks like Cas has said something inevitable, he accuses "Boy, you just laid on my shoulder 20 seconds ago bawling your eyes out and now, you don't trust me"
In an instant Dean is on him trapping Cas beneath himself with a barrel of the gun pointed at his face, wrists locked above his head with Alpha's right hand. He is caged between Dean's brawny body with one of the knees between Cas's thighs as the Alpha growls at him, like a bear. Cas whimpers feeling the cold metal on his cheek, his eyes are shut tight. He curses himself,
Amelia gave a tick of lip "That's my girl." She sputtered crying "I-I sh-should have never left her...I thought if I can bring Jimmy ba-ck, our family could be together again."
"DON'T" He shouted standing from his chair "Don't you ever question my love for Cas, okay? "
His emotional turmoil is broken when the door opens and his brother steps. "Dean, don't tell me your still dreaming about your.... blue-eyed angel." Sam teasing voice reached his ears making him smile. Only his brother, Bobby and few selective people were allowed to talk to him like that. If anybody else did then they probably wouldn't have the tongue to talk like that again.
an emergency. Cas is having problem kneading the pie dough and who can be better for teaching about pies than
The older archangel snuggles Cas's head to his chest and soothes him "It's alright Cassie. You are not a monster, you're my baby brother. And for me you are a blessing, I love you, bro."
"Dean mooooove." Dean pulls out before slamming back in, the only noises feeling the silence are the ticking of the clock and groans, moans, curses of the two lovers. Dean goes in and out before he reaches the prostate making Css moan louder than ever.
Cas looked over his shoulder to see Dean with his hands inside his pockets looking at him with a smirk.
He wanted to hurl when the Alpha put his nose on his neck taking a sniff. "Mm, you don't only look delicious but smell good too, angel." Dean groaned with closed eyes.
"Go faster, Cas. I'm so pleased with you. I'm gonna fuck you so hard that you wouldn't think about anything but my cock inside you. Pound on you at every
Cas sighs in relief and runs to the door, he opens the door slowly and sees it is the backdoor leading outside through the garden. He swallows his nervousness and looks around to see if any of the goons are outside but none seem to be wandering.
Cas flinches at the rough tone of voice and says hesitantly "I guess... I am, a little bruised and sore but, I'm fine."
Dean sees a moose and a fawn at the end. He frowns why does his husband want him to meet animals, the animals are not very fond of him he knows that and the feelings mutual. Whereas Cas likes to eat grass, Dean is more of a meat-person.....god.
He blushed when he thought about how it only took Charlie say 'Dean likes pies' for him to start making one...or trying to. But the flour keeps getting slimy, he mixed everything right then why are the results so drastic? Just as he was about to quit and call out for the red haired, a cup of flour was dropped on the bowl as a rough voice murmured in his ear "You mixed too much water, Cas."
The angel hurried and quickly made the work of untying her, murmuring her name to wake her up. She shifted in the sleep like she was having nightmare, whimpering when her eyes snapped open and she saw him, rage fueled in her eyes as she started cursing him, hitting him "You bastard, you took everything from me"
Cas can picture his brother's intrigued face, wanting to know more but he didn't have any idea what he wanted to say? Though the words 'I'm kidnapped' were at the tip of his tongue, it was getting hard for him to say anything.
He is about to argue when Dean starts talking again, explaining "I own a few... companies, bars, hotels, restaurants. It's like a corporation and I'm the CEO. The whole is a part of a bigger operation, but the details are useless...and dangerous."
Just when they enter through the curtains, both of them are engulfed in a group hug by a blonde man. Cas laughs and hugs back while Michael complains about being deprived of oxygen.
Dean sighs as he finishes his whole burger, stretching his legs to lean back on the car with his arm crossed behind his head. He says with warmth in his voice "My brother was studying back then, in Stanford. He wanted to stay out from all of this but he came back for the funeral and when he did, he stayed. He's my right-hand man and also a grass-eater-nagging bitch."
"What? I didn't touch him and all I said was the truth." She declared pushing her chair back and stomped out of the room.
"I can have you exiled for accusing me of cheating." The Alpha retroted trying to keep his angry facade and not smile.
Dean looks at him with a blinding, hopeful smile making his tummy feel all kinds of funny. He pouts and scrambles beneath the comforter like a burrito to hide the blush from Dean. But the Alpha catches the sight of it and even the comforter can't seize the scent of his happy omega.
"Don't say it like, you weren't eye-fucking my brother 2 secs ago, Deano," Gabriel says raising his eyebrow as Sam nods consenting to his boyfriend's statement.
(See the end of the chapter for
And then the cloth is off, Cas flickered his eyes open. Dean has parked just below a tree which is decorated with millions of beautiful light bulbs, wind blow past them bringing a comfortable warm air with it. He looks at Dean, holding his breath to see the man smiling at him leaning on the car just beside his legs.
When Dean steps out of the closet hand in hand with Cas, his head is high in pride. As he takes one step out, a voice shouts which is very similar to Sam.
The omega gulped still gripping onto his dagger pushing it towards Dean. They were laying close, Cas's body flushed to Dean's, he hissed when the grip on his hand became more stiff. With another sharp smile Dean took the weapon out of his hand and threw it aside with a clink. "Stop your little tirades, angel. Trust me, You don't want to see me
Cas purred lightly when Dean praised him, he craved submission, to obey Dean, be good for his Alpha. He closed his eyes picturing Dean over him, doing these things to Cas, he brought his soapy fingers around his brown puckers and it felt good making his erection pulse needly.
"You hurt me Cas. We were best friends, didn't you want us to get married, omega." The man uttered gruffly throwing Cas off, he never had a best friend. He wasn't even allowed out of the Castle doors without proper guarding which to him was just his older brother being overprotective.
Cas can't fight the man properly all thanks to the freaking sedative. The Alpha push him down on the soft leather couch. He snaps growling "Sit. Down." Cas breaths heavily at man's anger.
"Look at you." Gabe opens the door with a grin, had was in a marron V-neck, sweatpants with white Nikes.
He smiles and then he looks back when he hears Sam grunting. Sam is standing near a tree with no leaves pointing at it. Cas nods and flies towards it, butterflies behind him. He loops his arm through the tree and and flies upward deforming his robe high, lying a blanket of pink cherry blossoms on top of it.
He saddled on the mare who nidded her back leg getting adjusted to the companion riding on her. "Good girl" she hicked as Cas ran his fingers through her hair. Cas clicked his tongue and gripped to the rope as he directed the horse to move outside.
Cas breaths hard, it's already hot in closet, he bites his lips and reaches down to remove the "gun" on his own since Dean is to busy criticizing the world. But he does not find any gun just a bulged out tough jeans surface. He palms it to feel more and know what it is. "Its...not a..gun Dean."
problem Cas didn't asked to be kidnapped. But he didn't predict the next, in a moment Dean is bending on his knee, grabbing him from his knee bend and throwing him over his right shoulder, swiftly walking like Cas has no weight.
Cas pulls back, his hands on Dean's bare chest "Dean...come with me..." he whispers and takes Dean's hand. Dean raises his eyebrows but follows his husband, diving down the hill.
He walks quickly so he can't hear the way Dean laughs, half the time he stares at Cas like he's the last piece of junk food left in the apocalypse. Cas doesn't even know how but he finds himself in front of his room.
Dean is sitting beside Cas looking through his messages when he smells a mouth-watering scent of Apple pie coming with wind, he looks beside him at Cas whose eyes are glued to the terrain outside, he smiles at the awed look in his omega's magnificent blue eyes. His hand itch to draw the wonderous look of his omega's features. He wishes for his sketchbook. And he desires to touch Cas, to hold him in his arms, kiss every inch of the omega, rap the traditional mating choker around his neck but he can wait, because Cas is worth it, worth every second of this 1 year.
His eyes widen and mouth falls in shame when he sees the picture...of Zach. Having sexual intercourse. With people's that is not him, he shuffles through the pictures, some are from the months before they came here and some are just shot today. So that is why he was gone all night and day, Cas shoves the pictures from his lap in disgust, his mood turning more spiteful.
He pulled the phone away from his ear, feeling relieved hearing his brother's voice. He chuckled "Hey, Michy."
Sam gets to his feet, nods at his brother "Dean". Dean flashes an easy smile to his brother, patting his shoulder. "I hope you took good care of Cas for me Sammy."
Gabriel sprang for his brother's aid "Castiel!" But the other bigger Alpha clutched him around his small waist. The golden-haired tried to get away "Don't touch me, you dick." He cursed but too tall had more strength and just stared at him with a puppy dog gaze.
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean sighs and lays Cas on bed, he pushes back some stands of hair falling on his eyes before he stands back up. He gulps looking at Castiel's features. The omega is still same but gone the youth, making him mature. His high cheekbones and nose are dusted pink from the cold, dark eyelashes fluttering sometimes. He pants through his chapped lips, they have turned pink to red from biting too much. The skin looking milky in the dark.
When the file was delivered to him, it was...disturbing to look at the pictures. Underaged kids dunk in there own pile of shit, pee and blood. There blood vessels poping from their necks, blood coating their bodies. Only 2 kids made to the hospital because there doses weren't that high but others were not so lucky. Many bodies have been found around the area with same conditions, for some fucked up reason they were also void of blood.
He panted staring at Dean's forest eyes as the Alpha stared back with same ferocity. Cas's heart was beating out of his chest, unknowingly they both started leaning in going as far as closing their eyes when the omega's phone decided to go off making Cas back away as Dean growled lowly.
*****************
He lets out a gasp when he collides with a muscular chest and a musky alpha scent. The Alpha has an emerald green shirt lining his chest, showing that he has all the power to rip Cas apart with one hand. He looks up at the face to apologize but it gets caught in his throat when his eyes lock at the green orbs.
"Alpha...Knot me..please" He was baffled at his own power to control himself for this long. His dick was filling up as he pushed Cas back on the bed gently. His mouth watered when the omega took that as a hint and turned onto the bed in a presenting position with his butt in the air, tail swinging and head smushed in the pillows peering at him under his soft black eyelashes.
He looks at Dean with a little
"And me too, I am going to spoil my little  niece" Gabe chimed in hoisting Claire up and swinging her around, making the girl squeal with glee "Who wants Ice-cream?" The angel asked, holding her to his side as they started walking out of the cemetery.
Don't forget to give your thoughts dearies.💛💛❤
After everyone is seated around the couch, they look at the TV. Suddenly a news channel comes up, Balthazar goes to change it but Cas stops him. "Wait."
Dean storms out of the house because he knows Sam is right. He has not realized but he has hurt Cas, emotionally, mentally, physically. But the guy still comes whenever he calls. He remembers Cas's words when he came back after Leviathan.
You know the drill my lovely destiel people, don't forget to comment and also check out my new fanfic 'White Mustang(Why am I staying?)' By Gay 1235.
He opens the door, glaring at the intruder. It was Benny, the burly Alpha pulls back scared of Cas's murdering look. "I thought you were gettin' ready, you ain't lookin' anythin' like it, brotha"
When Dean stops outside the motel, he steps out after closing his door grumbling. When he's inside the room, he sees a sight that inflates the anger. He sits on the side and smiles as he looks at Cas' sleeping peacefully sleeping. It's so weirdly comforting to see Cas snuggled in the pillow. Dean raises his hand and brushes some dark locks out from Cas's eyes. Dean sees the angel's eyes twitch before opening.
"SHUT UP" He growled eyes blazing red, instantly he felt guilty when Gabriel bared his throat sobbing. There has never been a day he has shouted at his little brothers, they were too precious to him.
If the Alpha had done the last one then Cas was more than happy but luck is never on the omega's side so when he opened his eyes fully Sam and Benny were staring right at him with big smiles. "Its lunch time, brother-in-law."
"You are doing awesome, Cas. Now bring your other hand around your cock but don't touch it, just massage your thighs. Think about my mouth."
Gabe and Crowley were there though the demon looked out of breath, his face covered in bruises. The messenger threw Tamael on the wall breaking it while Cas gripped on to the woman, bending down to support her. Blood spilled form her mouth, for that moment the angel tried his best to help her but he couldn't, he asked "Why? I...destroyed your family."
Cas breaths in relief as Dean pulls back taking some steps away from him. He takes huge chunks of air, blinking to let his eyes focus when Dean turns to him, resting both his hands inside pockets of his black slacks. "You have 365 days. I will do anything to make you fall in love with me. If next year nothing changes, I'll set you free."
Paranoid much! Shaking his head he starts walking again, he turns left but then sees it's not the way, rolling his eyes at his knowledge of direction, Cas turns around to go back to ask someone's help.
He looks at both of them and sits on the chair with raised eyebrows "Why do you guys look like someone stole Sam's puppy." He smirks when his brother glares at him, the younger Winchester hates it when someone jokes about Riot.
I would suggest that you listen to Fantasy by Bazzi (slowed+reverb) while reading the start 😏😉
Cas opened his mouth but no words came out, there on the floor were his brother and brother-in-law lying on the floor. Lucifer's armor was covered in blood but he was breathing and beside him, Michael had a deep gash on his forehead but what made him sob was the tip of a sword pointed to Mich's belly by a Beta soldier.
After handing him a glass of whiskey, Rowena left to have a look around the Coven, leaving Castiel in lonesome. As he took a sip someone slid on both sides of him.
When he is downstairs, he broke into a run. He looks around the place, its as big as the hotel maybe even bigger. It's like he's in some castle, if he was not in hostage situation then he surely would've appreciated the architecture but he
Crowley breathed heavily he was sitting on top of the Gregori's dead body with blood painted upon his black clothing and face. Gabe exhaled cleaning his knife and wiping blood form his face, the rogue angel has gotten powerful by feeding all these years at lost souls.
Cas opened his eyes same time as Dean, he asked grinning "See? Was that so hard?"
"You not allowed to say his name omega." The Beta snapped at him, before turning her glare to Sam "Does he not know about the situation?"
Heaven, Cas doesn't know why everyone is so fond of this place. Yeah, it is very beautiful and maybe in some way better than Hell but it's like its own cage or a tape that keeps on repeating the same song every time.
Sam looks at Benny in front of him over his magazine with a questioning gaze"What was that?"
Yeah, like this really eases his worry. Cas is not believing that Dean is not gonna look. But a shiver tells him that his limit is extending and he need to micturate right now. He jumps out of bed running for the washroom, feeling unsettled with Dean's amused snort.
-sympathy. Losing a parent is the most painful thing. He knows because he has lost them too, maybe they can hug it out and both can be on their way.
"Nope, I'm here to talk to you about Balthazar." Cas deflated on the pillows, he knows what was his brother going to say next "I know you are against the wedding, and if you
Dean laughs out loud when he sees the comical expression of his brother, he jokes how Gabe and Sam got too wild in the wilderness, while Gabe chews on Cas' robe for exposing his secret.
With that said, the Beta picked up the raven-haired omega in his arms running for Dean's tent. His worry for Cas got stronger when the omega whimpered helplessly, Sam who was coming back from patrolling with other soldiers saw Benny carrying Cas and hurried to them "What happened?"
Dean turns to home with a fit of confused anger, Cas continues keeping eye contact "No paradise. No hell. Just more the same."
The Alpha is angry, and he keeps it locked up, all his emotions and everything which makes him so guarded. Dean smiled at Cas's faith, it's the thing he lacked the most. Faith, for him it was like a power, he had faith in his guns, in his anger, in his lust for destruction of who ever came in his way.
Cas laid his head over Dean's chest as the man circled his right arm over his shoulder, he noticed a stiff bulge over Dean's trousers. But the Alpha was doing nothing about it and he was too tired and embarrassed to do something but he kind of wanted Dean to tell him to touch him.
The basement is deem, only beam of light are coming from holes in the ceiling. Alistair was slumped chained to the big boulder in the basement, heaving with legs bended in awkward state.
Balthazar fought off a smile and nodded "Ouais"
Both half brothers look at each other with a frown, before Sam asks "Can you tell us more Johny?"
"Don't hold back your sounds. I want to hear you, you're so
. After dinner Cas was so tired one night that he couldn't even walk with his full stomach. The Alpha helped him upstairs with bland nails scraping Cas's waist possessively. The omega sometimes turned towards Dean abruptly and there was always this look in the mobster's eyes that spoke something indefinable.
He looks back at his husband, and smiles showing his teeth "Dean...its...nothing..I'm..okay..." he touches the centre between the eyebrows, rubbing it soothingly. He knows Dean is feeling guilty for hurting him.
He let a stray tear fall from his eyes biting his cracked lips so hard that he could taste the metallic taste of blood. Dean snapped his head away from looking around to looking at Cas when he smelt saltiness of tears and blood. He licked his lips not knowing on what to do next, he was better with actions then words so he leaned down on Cas's bare neck nuzzling at it. The omega stilled staring ahead but did not move away, the feel of Dean's light blonde stubble felt good at his cold skin.
********************
"Oh" He nods in understanding as they start walking towards the mall.
He hesitates a little, touching the fabric of the lace. It was unusually soft, he undresses and puts on the lingerie. The strap bra has a laced choker, the thing is adjusted with cotton straps crossing his pectorals. The high waisted panty has an intricate strap in the waist, his cock lining the front temptingly. He ran his fingers alongside the strips, his nipples can be seen through it. This is very appealing for an omega's mating night.
Cas laughs, his father 'God' was never much their for them and having someone like that now feels good, calm....homely.
It was like a huge rock lifted off her shoulders, Charlie's whole face lit up making the omega's heart melt. She started "Good, let me give a tour of my workplace. Or we could watch rerun's of Game of Thrones. You like GOT right?"
He doesn't get a reply as the Beta smiles giddily and addresses the crowd clinging his glass like a child. Cas winces at the sound as his boyfriend opens a paper and shouts "Goodevening people, Today is my dear omega Castiel's birthday. And I would really like of you to help me sing Happy birthday for him."
Dean's mouth twitched as he leaned and nibbled at his ear making Cas press his lips to not moan. The man breathed on his ear "We are getting married, Cas."
Their tongues tango together as Dean tries to put his actual gun back in his pocket while other grabs onto the Angel's waist. They break and pant on each others mouth. The light is only coming from the vertical gaps on the closet door lining Cas' and Dean's eyes.
"JO" Dean barked menacingly at the blonde girl who rolled her eyes.
He slapped the reins of the mare, "GO" The black beauty neighed and took of running as Benny and Jo sprinted towards Castiel.
He tried not to shout at the omega for even getting out of the room in this state. Dean growled at his omega who was laying little pecks on his jaw, if this was some another time he would've jumped at the chance.
He then hears a dark chuckle as Dean says "Seems like you're the one not following the rules Cas." Cas blinks and starts to form excuses but his mind is only filled with the images of Dean's cock inside of him which is not appropriate for the moment. He says feeling guilty "I'm sorry Dean, I shouldn't have looked."
Realizing he has hit a nerve when Dean regards him with a harsh glare, he looks down playing with his cuffs smugly and smirking at the Alpha now and then. He arched his eyebrow when Dean gives him a dark look and gets up from his seat.
"What can I say, Cas? It's easy to fool you, sweetheart." The omega picked up another pillow and started beating Dean with it for mocking him. But the Alpha caught it after a few soft hits to his head and took hold of Cas's left wrist, Cas blushed looking down when Dean smiled at him pulling both of his hands to his chest just above the pectorals.
Cas rolled his eyes, they don't need to remind him 24/7. He mumbled "Yeah, I am but as you said I'm an angel so I won't get hurt....not badly but you can't heal fast. So first I will go in then I will call you okay?"
you."
On to the side there was an armor with Winchester family crescent and every other weapon. The omega frightened at the size of Machetes on the wall, there were several awards too ranging from combat fighting to sword fighting all decorated on the shelves. Their was one thing he was sure of, Dean was not something to miss with. The Alpha could snap his enemy's in a blink and trample over it like it was a carpet of rose petals and that thought made his heart stutter  frightened.
Cas scowls at the Alpha and pushes the door open to the passenger side, getting inside. Dean shakes his head fondly and goes to his side of the car. The food is already in the car, he has made them with his own cooking skills. No way Cas would not appreciate it.
He looked at Dean sharply  and demanded "Are you blackmailing me?" Dean gritted his teeth, the man was signing his own death certificate. Dean smirked as he said smugly "No, I am warning you of the fact what I am capable of since you people seem to be
Sorry if my English is not perfect, I'm not too. Goodbye.
The demon beside her chimed in "You can say that. But-" he gave a dramatic looking at her in question "What were
Cas is happy for his brother, they did not have the easiest relationship, Lucifer is an atheist and Michael is the exact opposite. It's not a big problem with them, it was with their parents. He and his little brother Gabe were the only ones actually supporting it in the beginning.
Cas huffs a laugh and flies upward, twisting his arms in a swirl, he forms a vine of leaves on a branch, before diving back. He rubs his hands together and lays it on the ground emerging a flower from it, he huffs pouting "Too small..." he shakes his head and swirls his hands around it, making it a bigger sunflower.
Cas looked up at the shining logo 'The Coven' It was owned by Dean and run by Rowena. But the Alpha sometimes conducted his meetings in these clubs, Cas can see a long line of people at the gates as he climbed out with Sam's help.
Okay, scratch that off the list. She holds her hand out politely, Cas tilts his head looking at it because he does not want to associate with any of these people. He just wants to get home and hide under his blanket for days trying to forget about all of this. But it seems like this people are too ignorant of his hostility since the Beta, Crowley across from her coos at him with an overly large smile
"Mom!!!!" "Noooo!!!"
more, I can assure you that but still we only remembered him when we needed him, we even threatened him while he always stayed by our side."
Tears stream down his eyes as cries of Castiel ring in his ears, pleading, begging them to stop Naomi.
Gabe who has been watching everything, feel relieved when the angel nods because they are gonna need all the help. "Okay, according to me next week all the radios will go off with the news of a Nephelim having consumated. We have two days to secure Cas, and find as many soldiers on our side."
Each of them had all of their secrets, someone from inside was supplying The Winchester clan all information and it seems like it has been going for a while. He jumped out of his skin when a knock came on his door, he quickly rolled every scroll and started putting them back as he asked loudly "Who is it?"
Jo swallows chewing her lips nervously before she admits "I said that he shouldn't be here with us and it's useless to have him come with us for the business meeting and...if he got in our way I will end him."
"Boys, stop" They both look at Bobby who shakes his head when both of them point acusing fingers at each other. "Can we focus on the situation in hand?" Dean nods, smilingng flirtatiously at the attendant who passes him a drink bending low giving a good view of her bosom, he winks at her before she leaves.
He shudders at the thought when he catches the sight of a tall figure at the end of stairs and quickly realizes who is it. Sam smiles at him showing all his 32 teeth "Goodmorning
Cas was about to confirm that Balthazar did say that, but stops when he sees two evil creatures storming at them. "Demons."
Cas stared up at the Alpha with a pout, Dean sniggered squeezing his omega's cheeks "My own Guardian Angel, Castiel." The blonde Alpha said with a smile, the omega wanted to get angry but he just couldn't. Dean Winchester was too much for him, stupid Alpha with stupid jaw line, with stupid freckles. It was all stupid.
The demon king shrugs "Tears of an angel, loud as a thunder."
Don't forget to tell men the comments on how do you like the chapter, My unicorns 😊🥰😘
people.
Dean frowns when he sees two seatbelts buckled over his torso with hands cuffed on his lap.
Cas tightens his jaw and looks away, his confidence building up again, he stands up and smiles at his boyfriend sweetly. He holds the hand of his boyfriend with the card, his other hand on Zach's cheek "Aw..Baby for me?"
A knock came on his door getting him out of his thoughts, he stood up to open it but not before covering Cas with the comforter. Sam was at the other side with seven files in his hand, "It smells like a brothel in here."
Cas makes the mistake of arching his back, he can feel every inch of him covered by the blonde Adonis. Dean's knee is between his thighs poking him. Cas gulps when strong warm fingers cups his lips and cheeks rubbing over it, he looks Dean who is on top of him with pupil dilated eyes, blue orbs locked in the green ones.
Dean shot her smirk but shook his head to the silent question going on her mind. He wasn't interested in anyone but Cas.
The cart is filled with nappies, a stroller, baby bag, bottles, hats, cardigan, pacifiers you name it Cas has it. It's good they're angels or they will be broke.
With a smug arch of his eyebrow he asked, "Do you really think Dean become the boss because of our dad?"
(See the end of the chapter for
Everybody knows how 'The Hunters' came to rule over. When Henry Winchester was betrayed by his old team mates 'Men of Letters', he wanted revenge. That was the beginning of Winchester family clan, started with hitmans, assassins in code 'hunters'. The day Henry killed the betrayers his body was laced with blood making everybody bend their knees. But sadly Henry Winchester was also assassinated, then came John Winchester his son, the Alpha who stood up to take his fathers place and made a huge network across country enhancing their buisness with one their quote "Family doesn't end in blood or starts with one."
Benny smiles at the cuteass couple infront of his eyes, Dean is too selfless and Benny can bet his life that there is nobody better than Cas for him. And he promises to protect this nice, warm ray of sunshine named Castiel, who is about to be welcomed into their dysfunctional family. "Well, I will leave you two love birds alone."
The Alpha has his hand against the black tiles as the shower poured water on the tanned muscles propped on the body, shoulders flexed with bulging muscles. Cas gulps feeling corrupted at himself, but he lets out a shuddering breath as he slips out his shoulder straps letting the nightdress slip from his body to the ground as he takes the other shower head with his back turned to Dean. He pleads innocently "Don't look, okay?"
It was the same red-haired from his laptop, the girl who literally gave him a heart attack
He smiled recalling his memories "I was always good with bargaining, negotiating, though my communication skills ar ea 'little rusty'." Casp quoted  with his fingers.
The Beta in front of him, smirked: "Are you sure you want this?" Dean arched his eyebrow, frightening the Beta who snapped his mouth shut. Snatching the heat meds, he didn't bother to say thanks and banged the door shut.
The archangel replied in disbelief "It's impossible, no angel has left Heaven...except us maybe."
Dean looks at his omega, taking calming steps "I know that. But I know you will Cas."
"Your gun is poking me" Cas says desperately as he breathes out warm air. Dean eyes widens quizzically as he thinks over Castiel's phrase, he thinks if his gun is in right hand which is touching the closet wall and his left hand beside Cas head then what is poking the angel really. He breaths out and looks down as realization hits him "Oh shit!!"
Cas stared up at the man, jaw set with a look of disgust, his hands were trapped under Dean's strength behind his back. The Alpha's hands were rough and Cas can feel scars burning on his skin, but he didn't bare his throat to the Alpha. He will never do that, give his submission to this man who claims to be his friend but still hurts him.
Have you ever regretted something you did or said in childhood? Like something that got out from your mouth enjoying the moment, when you never knew what consequences your words are gonna hold. Cas has and he realized that on the day he was supposed to meet his fiancee when a swarm of Barbaric army came barging in through their town.
Cas didn't agree with that, but since only Benny or Sam were only allowed  around him then he was fine. He met Benny who was coming to get him, the burly Alpha smiled "Mornin'. Cravin' anythin' for breakfast?"
Balthazar's guards were at every angle alert for any possible threat. Cas and Sam were across to Dean's sight with his brother laid on the bench, talking with Cas who was sitting cross-legged an ice-cream cone in his hand.
Cas was so baffled at the hushed whispers roaming around them. He was uncomfortable at having so many eyes, but when Dean pressed his palm on his middle his easiness deflated so easily like the touch was familiar.
"I'll wait until you want me and desire me yourself." Cas breath stutters when the knee touches his groin making him mewl but the Alpha continues "I promise Cas, I won't tie you up but
"Michael, your Mother-hen is showing." His brother shoves him off playfully, their banter continues as they reach their destination.
Hope you liked this chapter, see you next Tuesday my Unicorns😘😊
When the woman nodded and walked away, disclosing Cas again. Dean saw a hardness pass over his omega's beautiful features, he felt warm knowing his kitten was jealous and that made things so much more pleasing.
Ouais : Yeah
He can feel from the shaking of Jo's hand, that she is too. Cas whimpers when her nails dig more harshly on his thighs "Dean, he was-"
He breathed on Cas's cheek, his apex aligned to Cas' stubbled cheek, breathing heavily through his nose as the grip tightened with each word. Dean traced his temple with his lips and then he was gone. Cas licked his lips and tried to catch his breath and like he said before the mood swings are giving him whiplash.
Dean licks on the bruises he inflated on Cas' neck. He pulls out slowly making a smacking sound. He blinks when a handkerchief is dangled infront of his face. "I didn't pick you for the type who kept handkerchiefs."
He gropes down to the area, to find what it is. He grips the thing, and pushes the man away with all his might, pointing the gun at him. Cas grips the gun tightly, as his teeth chatter with fear of the moment and the gun he is holding, never in his life he is even seen one and right now he is holding that thing.
He crouches near Cas's seat and puts a hand on the bare knee, looking at his ocean eyes with concern "Are you alright?"
He has no idea what to do until Benny came back with his stuff. It was burning hot, so he has decided to go with a tank top and bleached shorts taking a walk around the compound. And from what he can gain the place is huge... like the mob boss's dick.
Dean coughed, trying to clear his throat, and looked back at Balthazar "Just a little distracted is all. vous disiez quelque chose?"
Swallowing Cas licks the wipcream of his lips, and whines "I don't know, I'm just hungry. I came so I can ask you to check what's happening with me?"
His voice is rough and he starts coughing from the dryness in his throat, he goes towards the basin to drink water from it. Who knows what is mixed in the glass water, he stumbles but before he can reach there. The darkness envelops him, falling on the nearest couch.
"Dean...you..I.." A wistful sigh escapes him, not eloquent on what to say, he bites his lips regarding his next choice of word. He looks down to where his knee is almost touching Dean's elbow.
Gabriel's playful voice broke out a chuckle from Cas, he has missed this even of being in someone's captive, his mood seems to lighten up just by hearing from his siblings.
"Okay, so I'm guessing you won't actually tell me about this person."
"I will leave then, Consort."
A stunningly beautiful woman with fair skin and strawberry blond hair cut across his field of vision. She was wearing a polka dot mini dress grinning widely at Dean. Her eyes shining with insinuation as she sauntered over to them.
Sam grimaced "You know that Cas can easily manipulatee him, Have you seen those blue eyes?" His mind had the clear image of Cas using puppy dog eyes that could even beat his.
to safety." Cas shook his head at his older brother's words and determinedly started walking backward.
Dean frowns trying to form equations in his mind that what Bobby is talking about, he is sure half the time the man himself doesn't know what he's talking about. Dean opens his mouth to reply something, but comes up with nothing. He grins showing all his front teeth "No, I got nothing. What are you talking about?"
Cas splutters. “Flirting?”
“This one’s on me,” Cas finds himself saying, and immediately blushes again.
“Oh,” Cas says, dazedly, staring down at his bloodied thumb.
Slowly, though, it’s felt increasingly like they’re edging into this, into something more. Cas spends most of his evenings round at Dean’s, and Dean often looks up to find Cas’s gaze on him, as intent as that first time but laced with something different now; warmer, heavier. It makes Dean’s stomach do cartwheels. It’s got to the point where he doesn’t trust himself not to say something both of them might regret, so he’s started deliberately distancing himself from Cas to protect their friendship. This is the first time they’ve been alone like this for a few weeks, and the quiet tension between them seems to have deepened rather than dissipated. With a not insignificant degree of panic, Dean wonders how he’s going to get through this, Cas’s hands all over him, without doing something stupid.
, like it was all there was left.
An entirely different look comes over Dean’s face. The cocky flirtation slips off it as he takes in Cas’s expression, and he sets the glasses down on the counter, eyes intent. There’s something unexpectedly serious in his gaze now, something, that if Cas didn’t know better, he might think was a glimmer of hope. “You do,” Dean whispers, almost in wonderment. The kitchen suddenly feels very small, the space between them filled up with a kind of quiet suspense that makes Cas’s heart thud in his chest. “Holy shit, Cas.”
“Castiel,” Dean breathes, overwhelmed, and Castiel tenses against him, gasping as hot wetness spurts over Dean’s hand. The feeling of Castiel coming all over him combined with the low, wrecked groan Castiel makes as he buries his face in Dean’s neck is more than enough to send Dean over the edge. Vision blurring, he grabs at Castiel as pleasure explodes through him and he comes in long, wet pulses over Castiel’s hand.
Something besides arousal flickers through Dean’s gaze when it finds Cas’s, intent on Dean as he works his mouth up and down Dean’s cock. Cheeks flushed with pleasure, Dean reaches out and gently, almost as if in wonderment, traces Cas’s lips where they’re stretched around Dean’s cock. He moans quietly, letting his thumb linger there for a moment as Cas hollows his cheeks, but then he moves his hand to cup Cas’s cheek in a gesture that’s surprisingly tender. Cas feels his heart flip over at the gentleness of it, the vulnerability. It’s so characteristically Dean, that typical coexistence of things that don’t usually go together. Such quiet tenderness even though his cock is hard and pulsing in Cas’s mouth.
It’s raining the following evening, which accounts for why the café is surprisingly busy even half an hour before closing. Cas catches a glimpse of Dean slipping through the door in his leather jacket, cheeks glowing and hair slick with rain, but can’t offer more than a helpless smile as he rushes around serving drinks and wiping tables. Meg – who has been teasing Cas about Dean at every possible opportunity – seems to have mysteriously vanished into the stock room, which means the whole process takes a lot longer than it should.
Cas can’t help looking at him then, and gets lost in the quiet pain in Dean’s green gaze, and it suddenly hits him that it’s this the careless exterior is crafted to hide. “Yeah,” he hears himself say quietly, and Dean just nods like he knows, like he somehow sees all the stuff Cas never speaks about, to anyone.
For the first time since being here, he feels all the fear melt out of him as he looks at the lone figure standing in the clearing.
“Thanks,” Cas is standing by the door, arms folded across his chest as he watches Dean inspect his bookshelf, run his fingertip along the spines. “There’s a new one there for you, if you want it.” His expression is uncharacteristically unreadable. Not that Cas is easy to read – not by any stretch of the imagination. But Dean’s spent a long time mapping out his different expressions and mannerisms, and it’s not often these days that he’s faced with one he can’t place at all. This one is not unfamiliar, though. It’s one he’s noticed playing across Cas’s features increasingly often in recent months, generally when he glances up and catches Cas off guard. It’s an expression that niggles away at the back of Dean’s mind when he’s trying to get to sleep at night, gets under his skin.
“Why?” Cas frowns.
“How was your shift?” Dean asks, watching as Cas starts to prepare his order.
The only thing worse than listening to Dean slowly fall apart was knowing what would happen to him if Castiel went to him. How the Leviathans that were already so close on Castiel’s trail would tear him apart. Castiel tried not to think about how Dean might not care, anymore. That he might welcome an end to the abyss.
On Thursday afternoon, Dean finishes a haunting case with Sam with relative success (no unplanned stabbings of innocent bystanders, thanks to Cas’s absence). The sun is warm on the windscreen as they drive back to their motel, and Dean is just enjoying the relative peace of the open road when a flutter of wings announces Cas’s presence in the backseat of the impala. Dean startles and swerves, while Sam, the fucker, manages to not even spill the stupid organic kale smoothie he’s been drinking.
“Hello, Dean.”
you, Cas.”
when the chime of the door makes his heart sink. But whatever irritation Cas is feeling fades the moment he looks up, eyes settling on the person who’s just walked through the door.
After a few more phases of the far-distant moon, the desperate, frantic anger faded into something different. Dean started speaking slowly, as though it was an effort just to work the words from his mouth into the ether, defeated by the inevitability of the silence that would meet them. Castiel found himself almost missing the raw agony of Dean’s earlier prayers, the fluid fear and fury of them. This was stillness, if not silence. Dean’s acceptance of his isolation, of the quiet Castiel was condemning him to. He no longer said
“What are the muffins?”
, here at last in all the ways he should be, warm and real. Oblivion.
“See you,” Cas echoes.
When they break apart for breath, Cas’s cheeks are flushed and his eyes are dark and shining. He’s so beautiful Dean aches with it.
He grabs the front of Castiel’s apron, crushing them together and groaning at how hard he can feel Castiel is against him. Castiel lets out a stifled sound at the contact, hips arching against Dean’s as he kisses him harder, deeper. They clutch at each other, mouths working, rocking against each other breathlessly, until it’s too much and not enough all at once. Dizzy with arousal, Dean’s hands find their way under Castiel’s shirt onto planes of warm, muscled skin, and Castiel sucks in a sharp breath of air at the pressure of Dean’s fingers.
“A little,” Cas admits. He doesn’t add that the pain has considerably faded in comparison to the sensation of Dean’s hand around his, warm and steady.
“Oh,” Cas looks down, tucking his hands into the pockets of his apron. He tries to keep the smile from creeping across his face, but isn’t sure he’s entirely successful. His heart is thudding in his chest. “Sorry. For being difficult.”
with his blue eyes dark and serious in the muted light of Dean’s bedroom, staring unflinchingly, intensely at Dean like he’s all that exists. And god – Dean can
There’s a little red tin in the glove compartment of the impala, and when Cas picks it up, he can feel the way it’s scratched and dented with age.
“Because I thought you weren’t interested either,” Cas mumbles, looking down at his hands, “I mean. You’ve never treated me the way you treat the people you sleep with. I always assumed that meant you only saw me as a friend.”
Cas is smiling so much it hurts, “Okay,” he says. “Okay.”
Cas stares at it for several moments, heart pounding, before he tears off his bumblebee apron and stumbles out into the bright early morning sunshine after Dean, ignoring Meg’s indignant shout from the kitchen. Panic rises in his chest when he doesn’t immediately spot Dean’s familiar figure, because he can’t let Dean go to his interview with Cas’s fucking phone number smudged across his face, he can’t be the reason Dean doesn’t get a place on the course he wants to do and thinks he’s not good enough for, he just
“Oh, you know, the usual. I’m seeing my nerdy kid brother tonight, he’s home for a couple days from Stanford,” Dean is leaning on the counter, watching Cas prepare his tea with what seems to be genuine interest.
He’s too far gone, the venom too deep in his veins to feel the kind of humiliation he might have done before. All the reasons he’s kept quiet over the years seem utterly meaningless. There’s only one, overpowering through in his undead little brain: get Cas to come closer. Not because he’s going to drink his blood, of course. Dean does still have some self-control. He just – needs Cas to be closer.
“Oh.” Dean has survived the apocalypse, but he suddenly feels like he needs to sit down.
“Then say it,” Cas is looking at him, eyes earnest, so blue. Dean thinks he catches a glimmer of hope in them, so beautiful it makes his soul ache.
“Close them,” Cas says, with slightly more authority, but Dean can see the way Cas’s fingers are trembling where he’s still holding all of their memories, their whole friendship in his hands. Cas glances down at it unreadably, like it’s suddenly fragile, and then back at Dean. He swallows, repeats, “Dean,” quietly imploring.
“You are my friend, of course,” Dean reaches out, takes Cas’s hands in his, making Cas look up at him again, “But it’s not just that. Don’t you think maybe the fact I was different with you shows you actually mean more than just some random hook up? That I wanted more than that with you?”
“You’re very demanding,” Cas admonishes, handing the book back to Dean and crossing the room to sit down on one end of the window seat, curling up like a cat. There’s a twinkle of amusement in his blue gaze, but he pulls the sleeves of his jumper down over his hands, something Dean knows he only does when he’s nervous. The thought makes a pang of nerves curl through Dean too, although he doesn’t know why, doesn’t know why it feels like they’re waiting for something.
him. They’d flirted that night, but when Dean next ran into him Cas had made a whole speech about not wanting to date anyone, and so Dean had tried to put how Cas made him feel out of his mind. By the time Cas finally dating people last year, they’d already fallen into the pattern of friends and Dean couldn’t stand the risk of losing him to some stupid crush that had no guarantee of working out.
“Oh,” Cas blinks, and something a little like hope flickers through his blue gaze, bright and beautiful. “That was about me?”
“Thanks,” Dean mutters, awkwardly, “So are you,” he adds, honestly, and dumps a load of currants into the tub too quickly to try and make up for it. As he does so, his hand brushes Castiel’s, light and warm, and he feels his stomach do a genuine somersault. “Uh – sorry.”
“Yeah,” Dean’s smiling too, and he’s never looked more beautiful, “Oh.”
Cas doesn’t know why it grates on him so much. It’s not like he ever wanted to be the centre of attention; he hates the spotlight. Maybe what really bothers him is that it’s not just the coffee shop where he feels unseen. Like no one really cares about knowing him. Working at the Moose & Squirrel is just an eight-hour-a-day reminder of how invisible he is.
Castiel’s bench is the one next to Dean’s, and Dean has watched him creating perfect rosemary souffles and elaborate, intricate showstoppers for five weeks now. Dean has always been pretty damn confident in his baking skills, but over a month in such close proximity to Castiel has made him increasingly flustered and self-conscious in a way he’s never experienced before. Something about him is slowly but surely getting under Dean’s skin, and it’s affecting his baking with disastrous results.
“If you want it,” Cas says, and Dean thinks he detects a note of apprehension beneath the warmth, a kind of distraction, as though he’s thinking about something else, which is a sharp contrast to his often unnerving focus that’s usually directed Dean’s way.
“I do,” Cas’s brow furrows, pulling into a knit of confusion.
that Dean hasn’t been able to get out of his head for months. It’s wonderful to finally know what it is, to know that it is this. Dean feels like he’s floating.
Cas can feel the weight of Dean’s gaze on him as he makes the tea, tries not to let the heat creeping up his cheeks take over. He glances up and finds Dean’s eyes on him, pensive and full of familiar warmth, can’t help the smile that spreads across his face in response.
“Don’t – don’t read my notes now,” Cas crosses the room, takes the book from Dean’s hands and closes it. “Not when I’m here.”
“What’s your favourite coffee?” the guy asks, idly picking up a packet of sugar from the little bowl by register and turning it over in his fingers. Cas notices they’re bitten down to the quick just like his, and fleetingly re-evaluates the cool carelessness as carefulness instead, involuntarily fascinated. It’s not often he comes across someone he can’t work out.
“Dean –” Cas swallows, frozen in sheer humiliation. Dean is looking at him, all green-eyed sincerity and a little bit of apprehension, and all Cas finds he can say is: “Good luck.”
“I hope I’ll see you around, Cas,” the guy – Dean scoops up the takeaway cup and throws Cas a devastating smile. “Have a good night.”
“It’s just – I’ve never asked someone out, Meg. I don’t know how. I’m too awkward, I’ll just stutter and mess it up and he’ll never want to date someone like me,” Cas looks down, twisting his hands in the pockets of his apron awkwardly.
“Hello, Dean,” Cas says, unable to keep the smile off his face even though he’s exhausted.
He finishes making Dean’s drink in silence, and hands it to him carefully. Their fingertips brush slightly and Dean’s seem to linger, a warm shock of soft heat against Cas’s. When he looks up, Dean isn’t smiling; his expression is unreadable, heavy, a little caught off guard. Almost like he’s as startled by the electricity that passes between them as Cas is.
It’s a guy not much younger than him, so strikingly beautiful it kind of punches the breath out of Cas’s lungs. The guy looks like he’s just walked off the pages of a magazine spread – only he’s a little too rough around the edges, like maybe he had to fend for himself more than he should growing up. He’s wearing a beat-up old leather jacket and a Led Zeppelin t-shirt, and there’s a cigarette tucked carelessly behind one ear. He catches Cas’s eye and grins easily, all dirty charm. It’s the smile of someone used to the impact he has on people, but it still makes Cas’s stomach somersault involuntarily.
“Cas,” Dean murmurs, his hips still moving in small, half-aborted movements and the salty taste of precum stronger than ever on Cas’s tongue, “God, Cas. You have no idea how much I want you.” His thumb, Cas can feel it trembling, strokes over Cas’s palm even as Cas swallows him deeper again.
Dazed with arousal, Cas does it again, and
. Castiel had almost gone to him then. It was more than he could bear, the endless torment of Dean’s voice, slowly tearing itself to pieces in the quiet.
“Well, I’d better get going. Wish me luck,” Dean grins, but it’s a slightly complicated thing, like he’s worried he didn’t say the right thing. He stuffs the last bite of muffin into his mouth, and then wipes it with the napkin Cas had wrapped around the cup before tossing it and the muffin wrapper in the trash. Cas’s heart sinks, and, stupidly, he feels a lump rise in his throat even though he knows Dean has no idea what he’s just accidentally thrown away.
“Why not?” Dean’s fingers are warm against Cas’s for a moment, rough with calluses, and then there’s nothing again. He pulls out a candy and stuffs the paper bag into his pocket, begins unwrapping the little umbrella-shaped stick. “I can’t remember the last time I had one of these, you know. Probably the Christmas before Sam went off to college.” He puts the candy between his lips, sucks. Cas suddenly has to catch his breath, cold and startling in his lungs. “Hey, what are you waiting for?” Dean is looking at Cas, lips red and plump around the candy, eyes bright in the cold air.
“Cas?” he’s over at Cas’s side in an instant, frowning.
Dean shrugs, “What can I say, it wasn’t as bad as I thought it was.”
“Oh,” is the first thing Cas says, when they pull apart for air. There’s white blossom swirling through the bright air and Dean’s hands are still cradling his face, like he’s reluctant to let go. The thought makes the full feeling in Cas’s heart swell, quiet warmth spreading through him. Forgetting to be shy, forgetting everything that isn’t Dean, Cas fists his hands in the front of Dean’s shirt and pulls him back in until their mouths meet again, all heat and tenderness.
Regardless of what’s causing it, it’s starting to get under Dean’s skin. Cas turns up everywhere now with this sex hair and these bedroom eyes, like it’s totally acceptable to look like a steamy movie scene at a morgue or a diner or unannounced in Dean’s motel room in the middle of the night. Like he has now idea how wildly inappropriate or inconvenient it is, how fucking
Dean picks up one of the raspberry ones and takes a bite, letting out a soft sound of pleasure that makes heat rise in Cas’s cheeks. He hurriedly busies himself with finishing making Dean’s tea, hands trembling with the rush of having written out his number.
His heart stops.
Dean grunts in awkward acknowledgement, because that sounds fucking amazing and if he knows Castiel at all, it’s going to look incredible. He rescues a wayward currant that’s strayed under his scales, dropping it into the tub with slightly more force than necessary.
Dean’s cock twitch against his where they’re pressed against each other through their jeans. It’s so absurdly hot he can’t help groaning, Dean just clutching him closer in response and rocking his hips against Cas’s until they’re both panting breathlessly, kissing impossible. Cas mouths his way down Dean’s neck, moaning against the soft skin there as Dean continues to grind against him.
“Hey,” Dean reaches out, twines their hands together. It’s reassuring the way he can feel Cas trembling a bit too, reminding him they’re both in this together, it’s just the two of them, the way Dean likes it best. “Cas. It’s the best present I’ve ever had,” he says, honestly. Cas looks up and smiles at him, brighter than the lights above them, than anything Dean’s ever known – and Dean suddenly has to rethink his words, because Cas looking at him like that, so full of love and happiness, is better than anything Dean could ever have imagined.
,” he sighs, hand quickening on Dean’s cock. Dean is so fucking turned on he can barely think straight, can only thrust up helplessly into Castiel’s fist and jerk Castiel harder, faster, until he’s whining against Dean’s neck, the hand that isn’t working Dean’s cock gripping Dean’s shoulder tight enough to bruise.
“You’re going to amazingly, you know.” Dean glances up to find Castiel looking at him with quiet warmth. “You’re so talented, Dean,” he says, and there’s nothing but complete sincerity in his words, like Dean isn’t a total asshole and he’s actually rooting for him. Dean’s heart suddenly feels warm, beating uncomfortably fast in his chest.
Cas stares at him, heart beating even harder. He has no idea what to say.
“Well, that year we were stuck in here all Christmas day while Dad was wrapping up a hunt. Sammy was old enough to know it was Christmas, so it kind of sucked. But I got Sammy singing Christmas songs and we drew stupid snowmen cartoons on the windows, and it was okay, we passed the time. Dad was gone so long we ended up eating most of the candy canes while we were waiting, but Sammy insisted on saving the last one for Dad. He still hero-worshipped Dad at that point, even though Dad was barely a father to him – was barely even
“No.” Cas takes a deep breath and then, tentatively, reaches out. When Dean doesn’t move away, he rubs gently at the smudge of blue ink on Dean’s lower lip. The skin there is hot and silken soft and real under Cas’s touch, sending warmth flooding through him. Dean’s breath is hot and unsteady against his fingers, like he’s nervous. The square with the cherry blossom fades around them, the air between them suddenly all that seems to matter, quiet and charged.
“Dean,” Cas replies, and the silence of purgatory is broken.
“Thank you,” Cas says, all low and gravelly. “I would enjoy that.”
“If you’re still serving,” he adds, a flicker of uncertainty passing across his cocksure smile, like he’s still not sure if Cas wants him there. Like maybe isn’t as confident and careless as he’d like to appear. Cas finds himself wondering what made the guy feel like he has to seem like he doesn’t care, why he seems to be quietly at war with the part of himself that does.
Meg rolls her eyes, but there’s a hint of a smile on her face. “Yes, you idiot. But I swear to god, if you aren’t going on a date with him by this time tomorrow, I’m handing in my notice.”
Cas looks at him, watches the lights of the road reflect in his green gaze.
Cas reaches out and grabs the lapels of Dean’s leather jacket, pulls him in again. This time it’s harder, urgent, Dean’s breath coming in stifled gasps into Cas’s mouth as Cas presses him back against the impala, sinks into the heat of Dean’s mouth, the warm, hard line of Dean’s body, pliant under him. He can taste the desperation on Dean’s tongue along with the peppermint, and he chases it, deepening the kiss until Dean is groaning against him, clutching at Cas’s coat. Cas thinks he might be making noises too, but he can’t think about anything except
Dean laughs, head thrown back, and Cas tries desperately to ignore the warm feeling in his stomach. “Oh yeah?” Dean grins, going back to his ministrations, “What noble legacy were you going for?” he asks, gently smoothing the band-aid against Cas’s skin. His fingertips are quick and skilled, warm and a little rough. Cas watches them and imagines them pulling on the pink lace panties, running under the frilled elastic and then letting snap it against soft skin as they move away. Involuntarily, Cas feels his cock twitch in his jeans.
“Sam knows how much you did now, Dean,” he says, instead, into the quiet.
“You don’t?” Cas frowns, worriedly. He pulls his own candy away from his mouth.
Dean closes his eyes against the agonising ache throbbing through him. He can feel the heat of Cas’s blood increasing, the rush of it louder, hotter. It’s unbearable.
“So. You worked here a while?” the guy asks, watching Cas pour the leaves into a strainer.
“Thanks,” Dean says, gathering himself, but his voice sounds unsteady to his own ears, like he suddenly feels. Off-kilter, dizzy, like they’re both spinning into orbit. “Okay, okay, open the goddamn present already,” Dean mumbles, awkward, because he doesn’t know what he’ll do if Cas keeps looking at him like that, and he’s afraid of how much he wants to find out.
The blue around Dean’s mouth has gone, his lips red and swollen in a way that sends a thrill through Cas at the thought that he did that. “I guess I do,” Dean is grinning, brighter than Cas has ever seen. “Give me your hand,” he says, and when Cas holds it out, he pulls out a pen from his pocket and scrawls a series of digits on Cas’s hand, the nib tickling lightly. “There. Now you have mine. If you call me later, I promise to take you out somewhere you don’t have to make the drinks.”
“Why not?” Cas frowns, lifting the tea strainer from the cup.
“Yeah,” Dean nods, a little breathlessly. “That’s perfect.”
Eyes still on Dean, Cas reaches up to find Dean’s hand where it’s still clenched against the counter-top and links their fingers together. Something warm blooms in Dean’s heavy-lidded gaze, and he squeezes Cas’s hand softly, all warmth.
Cas makes sure he has a clean bumblebee apron on the next morning, and has only just finished putting the baked goods in the display when Dean appears out of the early spring sunshine. Cas is wildly unprepared for Dean having swapped his usual leather jacket for a well-fitting dark suit; it makes him look so ridiculously attractive that Cas nearly drops the tray of poppy seed bagels he’s holding.
“I don’t,” Dean’s voice is slightly hoarser than usual.
is gone, covered by characteristic flirtatiousness.
This time, Cas feels Dean’s smile against his lips for a moment before he sinks into it, letting out a soft sigh and tilting Cas’s jaw to deepen the kiss. Cas has kissed people before, of course, but he was always aware of it being kissing, often a little disjointed, a little awkward. This is so good that he forgets to think about it anything at all, so good that he feels dizzy with it, Dean’s hands and mouth on him like they’ve always belonged there.
“Yes – sorry – I just,” Cas shakes himself out of his stupor and grabs the keys from under the counter. His hands are shaking slightly and his face still feels hot.
“I swear to god,” Meg grimaces, wiping froth off her eyebrow and glaring at Cas, “If you don’t ask him out soon, I’m quitting.”
Dean’s eyes snap open, air catches painfully in his lungs.
A rush of uncertainty hits Cas, suddenly disorientated by how quickly everything happened, how fast his entire world just turned upside down in all the ways he’s longed for but never believed would happen. Images flash through his mind: the low pull of heat he felt at the sight of that pink lace against Dean’s skin; the oblivion of kissing Dean for the first time; Dean’s gaze on him, warm and heavy and full of something like hope. Cas feels his stomach somersault. But then he’s hit with an awful sinking feeling. Dean fucks a lot of people. Cas can’t help suddenly wondering if this was just another spur of the moment impulse on Dean’s part, if maybe Cas somehow read more into the gentle touches and intent eyes because of how long he’s wanted this. Maybe –
“Yeah,” Cas echoes, unable to keep the smile off his face.
The unguarded vulnerability of it makes Cas’s chest ache almost unbearably, suddenly full of the hope he’s never let himself have. Wordlessly, he strokes his thumb across Dean’s hand in return. Dean’s cock is hitting the back of his throat, but somehow the way Dean’s fingers are tangled in his feels even more intimate. Dean seems similarly affected, because his expression as he gazes down at Cas is so full that it almost hurts Cas to look directly at it, like trying to gaze directly into the sun.
“Cas,” Dean leans against the counter when the small crowd has dispersed, grinning. “How’s it going?”
For a moment, Dean forgets he currently has a set of fangs and isn’t technically alive, and is just filled to the brim with pure, sunshine-warm happiness.
Cas can’t help smiling as he slides the takeaway cup across the counter. “Yes, that guy.”
“Do you require assistance?” Castiel’s deep voice drifts from the bench behind him.
“Dean?”
Cas isn’t blind. He’s always been aware of how insanely attractive Dean Winchester is.
“I never needed any more of you than exactly what you were, Dean,” Cas says, quiet, and Dean can see the love in his gaze, knows he means it utterly and completely. The thought makes the wetness that’s stinging his gaze spill down his cheeks. He lets it fall.
“Cas, Cas, Cas,” Dean breathes out his name like a litany, hips rocking minutely as Cas hollows his cheeks and sucks harder, swirling his tongue around the head of Dean’s cock. He feels precum blurt out, hot and salty, making his own cock throb harder at how easily he realises he could come from this, just Dean in his mouth.
Dean remembers staring uncomprehendingly at the raised welts it had left after he crawled out of the pit all those years ago; remembers the fear and wonder he’d felt as he traced the imprint of Cas’s hand. Of course, he hadn’t known it was Cas then. By the time he knew, the mark was already softening, melting into the rest of his skin, becoming part of him.
Swallowing, Dean nods. “It’s – distinctive,” he says, breathlessly. Cas’s heart seems to be beating harder than it was a few moments earlier, pumping through the quiet in a way that’s intoxicating. Dean hisses, clenching his fists against the overwhelming ache to be close to Cas, to sink his teeth into the skin he can see at the collar of Cas’s shirt, the curve of his collarbone, the exposed veins in his forearms. Dazedly, he tries to force himself to speak, vaguely hoping he’s not actually drooling all down his front with how much he
“Maybe not,” Dean admits, breathless, “But I’m glad I am. I never thought I’d find myself grateful to a goddamn bloodsucker, but here we are.”
“Sam isn’t the only person I can have good memories with, Cas. This can be a new tradition, okay?” Dean says, and he’s glowing, so beautiful here in the cold all lit up. “But,” he pauses, swallowing, “You’re right, I’m not sure I want mine.”
Cas lets out a muffled sound as Dean kisses him, warm and impulsive and perfect. He tastes faintly of green jasmine tea and his hands come up to cup Cas’s face, surprisingly gentle. They kiss like that for a long moment in the early morning sunshine, tentatively wrapped up in each other until Cas’s heart feels so full it could burst.
Dean makes a dismissive sound, carries on as though Cas hasn’t spoken at all, but the tension in his hands is less strained; “Anyway, when Dad finally came back that night he was only a little beat up, in a good mood for once. He tried to take us for some real food, but everywhere was closed by that time so we just sat in here together and Dad broke the last candy cane into three for us to share,” Dean glances at the box Cas is still holding. It feels warm in Cas’s hands now, the mental heating up in his palms as he listens to the story, as though it’s slowly coming alive. “It was one of the better Christmases, actually. Dad refilled the box with them each December, handed them out to me and Sammy when we’d been driving all night. It was one of the few traditions we ever had,” he shrugs, adjusts his grip self-consciously on the wheel, “Stupid, really,” he adds, in that way he has of diminishing anything personal he says, “It’s probably empty now.”
“I – uh -  tea,” Cas mumbles, desperately willing the heat burning on his cheeks to cool a little. “Usually.”
However, when he enters the tent, his fleeting good mood rapidly disappears. Despite the earliness of the hour, the space isn’t empty. Castiel Novak is working intently at his bench with some marzipan figures and coconut flour, sleeves rolled up, exposing his strong, lean forearms. Something funny happens to Dean’s heart, but he ignores it and tugs on his own apron (plain black with no stupid garden insects thank you very much), tying it with a little more force than necessary as he walks over to his own bench.
Dean smiles at that, “I guess I’d like to think so.” He pulls out his wallet. “What do you think?”
“I mean it,” Cas insists, “And most of them are way more important in the real world than being able to write some stupidly pedantic essay on Hamlet’s state of mind.” He grimaces, thinking of his unfinished notes and stack of books waiting for him back home.
Cas smiles, tightens his grip on Dean’s bicep and leans in again, this time with the needle. “First few moments will sting, but after that it’ll fade, I promise,” he says, eyes searching Dean’s. “Let me know if you want to stop.”
A distinct flush appears on Cas’s cheeks. “It gives me no pleasure to watch you suffering.”
“Dean,” Castiel bites down on the juncture between Dean’s neck and shoulder, sending shivers down Dean’s spine, “Dean,
“Please, Cas,” Dean breathes, desperate. He can’t think about anything except how much he wants Cas closer. Although he can feel the venom burning beneath his skin, making him crave the heat of Cas’s blood, Dean also just longs for
“It’s normal to be nervous, you know,” Cas tells him, “You don’t need to do this if you don’t want to,” his eyes are suddenly serious, regarding Dean closely, soft blue and familiar in a way that tugs at Dean’s heart. “And if you want to stop at any point, I’ll stop.”
“Hard to describe to anyone who hasn’t tasted it,” Dean says, “Like most things. It’s – sweet. Kind of makes the inside of your mouth feel cold when you inhale.”
“Uh,” Dean grunts, because Cas’s praise has turned him from low level horny to uncomfortably hard in his jeans. He shifts slightly on the bed, breathing hard. His arm is aching dully, but all he can think about is Cas’s hands on him, Cas warm and familiar and so goddamn close Dean feels dizzy with the proximity. He watches dazedly as black ink slowly appears on his skin under Cas’s careful hands.
“Merry Christmas, Dean,” Cas says, voice low and heavy in a way that makes arousal curl through Dean. His eyes are full of quiet happiness, and that
“Dean?”
“I’m here, Dean,” Cas says, low and gravelly, familiar in a way that makes Dean’s soul ache. Cas’s gaze holds Dean’s as securely as his hand holds Dean’s on his shoulder, quiet, steady, waiting.
“Tell me about the design again,” Cas says quietly, interrupting Dean’s internal panic. The cold wet nib of the pen tickles Dean’s skin, slow and careful. Dean watches his hands move expertly, long fingers with chipped black nail polish that Dean finds inexplicably sexy.
, and it takes Dean a moment to remember what they’re talking about.
“Here,” Cas carefully wraps the napkin around the takeaway cup and slides it towards Dean. His heart is pounding so hard he’s sure Dean must be able to hear it.
Dean answers the question by leaning in as kissing him, long and slow. Cas lets out a soft sigh and melts into it like he’s been waiting for this moment even longer than Dean. They kiss like that, tender and longing, wrapped up in each other, until they’re both breathless and Dean’s heart feels like it might burst. When they pull apart for air, Cas is breathing heavily and his cheeks are flushed pink, eyes so full of heat and affection Dean doesn’t know what do with it except lean in and kiss him again, deeper this time, tangling his hands in Cas’s tousled hair and groaning a little against Cas’s mouth at the feel of it.
But silence from Dean never happened.
Cas swallows. “Okay – the thing is – seeing you every afternoon this week has kind of been – well, the best thing that’s happened to me in a long time. And I’m notoriously bad at this stuff, so I didn’t know if I was misinterpreting anything and I didn’t want to be presumptuous or make you uncomfortable. But I just – couldn’t stand the idea of you not coming back one day. I kind of – I really wanted to ask you out. I have since the first time I saw you. But I’m not good at that stuff and I didn’t know how so my co-worker suggested I write my number on my napkin, but then you didn’t notice, you just used it and you got my stupid blue ink all over your face and I couldn’t let you go off to your interview looking like that, and I’m sorry Dean, you deserve so much better and you must think I’m so –”
“So you believe we’re the agents of our own chaos?”
Cas’s eyes are no match for the skies of heaven. “Dean.”
Cas closes his eyes in humiliation. His heart is pounding, partly from the proximity and partly from the anticipation of coming clean, which he knows is the only option. “It’s – my fault.”
, when they already knew their fate was sealed.
“I’ll get a band aid,” Dean releases Cas’s hand carefully, “Run it under some water, okay?” he instructs, crossing the room to a cupboard under the counter.
Castiel looks up, eyes very blue. “Hello, Dean.”
Dean forgets the flour and the spilled currants and the fact they’re a handful of hours away from the biggest competition of his life, and loses himself in the gentle, firm warmth of Cas mouth. Castiel tastes faintly of marzipan and kisses with the same quiet, relentless intensity that he seems to do everything else. Dean’s kind of crazy about it. They kiss until they’re both breathless, Castiel letting out these soft half-moans against Dean’s mouth that are driving Dean a little bit wild. He suddenly feels very aware of the bench separating them.
Dean nods awkwardly, and busies himself with getting his ingredients out. He can feel Castiel’s gaze burning into his back, and it makes him self-conscious all over again. It makes him clumsy, too; he accidentally upends a tub of currants and swears colourfully, scooping them up as quickly as he can manage. Dean’s pretty sure that if Castiel hadn’t spent so much time looking at him, he wouldn’t have burnt the angel cakes in last week’s challenge. It’s really fucking distracting. Sure, Dean’s used to being looked at. But Castiel doesn’t look at him the way other people do; Castiel looks like he sees, like he wants to see, and Dean can’t get it out of his head. He tries to ignore the way it makes his heart thump.
“Uh, it’s from the mythology on divine beings I’m looking at for my dissertation,” Dean forces himself to look away from Cas and breathe, trying to calm the thump of his heart and the heat blossoming through him. “An ancient sigil. Enochian, it’s called.”
. He just said Castiel’s name instead, as though two words were too much energy.
Something unreadable crosses Dean’s expression, and he swallows. “Thanks, Cas,” he says quietly, and he smiles in a way that’s hesitant, almost a little shy. It makes Cas’s chest ache with a sudden warmth, his heart pound. Dean is looking at him with a kind of intent weight that isn’t helping either of those things, green eyes warm and flecked with gold.
“Hey,” the guy’s voice is low and a little rough, understatedly sexual in a way that makes Cas swallow. He watches helplessly as the guy saunters up to the counter and leans casually against it, gazing up at the drinks’ menu. He drums his fingers restlessly against the freshly polished glass, and instead of being annoyed that he’s going to have to clean it again, all Cas can wonder is what beat he’s moving them to. A Zeppelin track seems too obvious. Perhaps something similar, classic rock ‘n’ roll bands that Cas has never been cool enough to listen to. Or maybe nothing at all, maybe it’s just a nervous habit. Although Cas can’t imagine this guy being anything but careless, casual.
Not the iridescent, awed quiet of heaven. Not even the quiet of earth that is never really quiet, but which Castiel has learned to love. Soft, stolen moments of golden summer sun slanting through the windshield of the impala; exhausted, unspoken conversations at 2am in harshly lit roadside diners; the repetitive hush of Sam and Dean’s breathing in dark motel rooms. Purgatory is quiet like a crypt. Rigid, dark, endless. It’s quiet in the same way a dead body is completely still. There is that same sense of wrongness to the silence that swathes everything here. Castiel has never felt more aware of his own heartbeat, how much it aches.
"Gordon, Cole." The Alpha greeted with a slight tilt of his head, one of them named Cole widened his gaze, eyes lingering on Cas probably recognizing him from the pictures loitered around Dean's house like a mantelpiece.
He puts on his swim suit and robe back up and tip toes towards the door, he jingles it to see if its locked or not. He wants to bang his head on it when its locked, but it would be like axing yourself on your own feet if he did. He doesn't want to have a headache over his already sedated mind. He can't believe the people living here, they have so much trust issues.
*********************************
"No Gabriel he's not burning."
Her face glowed again like Cas has told her most interesting thing in the world , "I knew we were going to be best friends." She cheered and took hold of his wrist, pulling him up and started dragging him towards the house, Cas was surprised by her strength.
Charlie deflated with a pout "I wish I could go too. I really wanted to meet some babes."
He turned to the redhaired who bit her lip, trying to keep her tears in bay. Cas rubbed her back reassuringly as she stuttered "The company didn't have many omegas, it was like 1 out of 10 in each sector. One day, i forgot to take my tablets for hiding my pheromones and our boss, Dick got the hang of it." Their was anger and vulnerability in her tone that raised cas' all protective instincts.
"Dean" Dean keeps muttering to himself "Dean" He does not hear Cas' panting voice still cursing his brother and the situation "Deeean"
He sniffles again, his eyes glazed with tears and he realises it's so much better he broke up with the bastard. He looks up and skies have already gone dark, moon above his head. Cas yawns and gets up from the ledge to go back.
The three Destiel shippers breathed a sigh of relief that their boat was still proudly sailing in the ocean.
He stands up slipping the bumblebee slippers sauntering to his room, Gabe groans putting his head on his hands, belittling himself for being harsh to his brother.
Dean says with a lazy smile "Don't worry Cas. I'm not going to look."
I started writing because it brought me a sense of focus, peace and desire to do better. But after my first book was viral that feeling of peace and love faded and I craved for hits and likes which is so wrong of me. I am so ashamed of myself that I even let that greed take me, the one thing I hated the most...I just became that.
"You shouldn't have done that." Dean wants to slap himself just as the words come out of his mouth. Cas looks up from where he was searching for his clothes and glares at him.
Quickly he was at Cas's side running his hand over the area where ears were present before. His gentle touch was enough for Cas, the omega pressed himself to Dean's palm sighing happily.
************************
He answers to satisfy the Alpha "Green"
Cas's eyes moved back and forth to the siblings, realizing that they also worked under Dean. But, they looked so young to be doing this, getting involved in mob business. "How old are you guys?" He asked rather bluntly.
Zach's arm is on the back of the sofa behind Cas who is snuggled to his mate's chest. Cas looks towards his brother who is on the other side whispering and giggling with his Alpha.
Kingdom Of Angeles:
He pouted at how there scent mixed together like a sync even without being mated. Only true Alpha pair has this kind of profound bond, and Cas was so far on believing that him and Dean could be that. His thoughts were silenced by the said man entering the camp making Cas tense and touch the dagger.
"Now...if you need anything my brother, Sam will help you." He gets up from the armchair, standing above Cas "Be ready in 2hours because we need to buy some stuff before we depart."
Suddenly they hear a blood curling scream. "Cas" Dean is confused, Cas is an angel, a vampire has no chance on him. They quickly gather their weapon and silently go to the back of the house.
"I'm going to bed." He said before quickly standing up and running out of the room, ignoring Dean's shouts for him. Instead of going back to his room, he hurried towards Library, he wanted to stay alone and maybe the Alpha won't search for him there.
He feels a hand squeezing his shoulder and turns back to see Bobby looking at him with a stern gloomy look "Go easy on her Dean, she is family."
Dean's chest rumble as the man twisted his large hand onto his dress like he was going to rip it off the omega's body. "You will be mine. I guarantee it." Dean cupped his ass, squeezing it to make Cas gasp. The Alpha hissed with their lips just inches from each other "And then I'm gonna do whatever I want, whenever I want. With
That can't be good, Cas thinks and jumps on his feet running for the living room. He stops, blinking when he sees Crowley and Claire sitting facing each other looking like some corporates discussing a big business.
Cas knows he probably should try not to offend the Alpha after all the ruckus some time ago but the moment is far too pleasing, and it is far too enjoyable mocking the Alpha.
His brother raps his arms around his shoulder, Cas can smell the scent of sunscreen with his brother's lavender mixed with Lucifers cologne. Cas feels warm and relaxed, it's like he is back to his parents arms when he got hurt, Cas leans in more holding his brother as Michael runs his hand up and down his arm and back. He says sighing "God, Castiel you need to break up with him. If he can't treat you right then what is the meaning of the relationship?"
"Brotha, its already in the airport. All we need is to get you ready for the take off"
She chewed on her lips nervously "But I was low on money, so I started... stealing strangers...and yesterday was 3rd time I got caught."
Cas turns around and pushes his ass on Dean's cock making it wake again. Dean blinks and laughs lightly as Cas' eagerness. He bunches the back of trenchcoat and tells Cas to hold it. Both his hands go around Cas to unbuckle the pants all the while rutting the Angel's hole.
"Cassie, Broooooo are you going to tell us now, where you are? We're waitin'."
?" He chuckled bitterly staring away towards the green woods, he has deepest urge to run through their let the silent, lonely darkness of forest swallow him.
Cas is so confused as he hooks the seatbelt back, sometimes Dean is nice, sometimes aggressive, Cas loves the way he bonds with people he cares about but hates to be around him. He is getting whiplash from Dean's mood swings. But two things he is sure about, one he has to get away from Dean. And two the ice is really helping to calm his overexcited body parts.
The omega leaned in a little to his Alpha's heat, he did not know when the gangster became from THE Alpha to HIS Alpha. Benny smirked at them with an air of mischief "Just don't start getting on each other before we reach the compound."
gonna touch him without his consent. Yay him!
"CASTIEL!What blasphemy are you listening to?" Cas quickly slides to the side as his brother runs to the bathroom shutting the music, praying for Lord's mercy.
The last words are said looking at Cas who turns his head down melancholy, not wanting to see the grateful look in Sam's eyes. He continues "He said you were his angel, pulled him out of predition." He can feel Sam smirking at him before it turns serious again "He searched the place where you stayed from top to bottom but we didn't get much information. So he assigned a lot of our best Hunters to search whole Florida for you but that was also futile."
The music still going on as I get off the stage and start walking towards Dean on the table. The old men who were playing poker look at me as I walk, their chips fall off their hands. Everything is silent except for the music.
"Is the offer for dance still on?" He raised his eyebrow at the twins.
The man blinked his eyes, before relaxing on his chair "It's the day I lost my mother... Sammy was just an infant and I was 4, someone....assassinated her" Cas looked down at Dean's hand that holding the cup in a death grip, he was anxious that the Alpha might break it with his strength "That bastard nailed her to our ceiling to see."
Dean saw Sam's eyes widen from the bench with a gobsmacked look and he turned to see Cas fully dressed on his hundred dollars worth of clothing standing over the short edge. "non il ne le fera pas"
"So, nobody has any idea of what happened here?"
The omega nodded, he beamed watching the puppy playing with his hat, the little ball suddenly stopped and turned back lolling his tongue out. Cas looked up to see Charlie making her way towards them with bounce on her steps.
I know, I posted this chapter very late but because of the pandemic reducing to some amount, my school has decided to take offline exams and has also started burdening us with school works, art integrated projects, and giving us education torture.
Minutes later, Cas has fallen asleep and Dean has changed him into one of his Band T-shirts since they didn't the omega's luggage. He has also changed into sweatpants and a T-Shirt.
Cas took small portions from his food, eating only to keep his strength so when he got out he wouldn't faint in a second. After they were done, he felt like Dean knew what he was doing but kept it to himself like he already knew that Cas wouldn't be able to go too far from him.
They get inside the car, Cas on the shotgun, the cherry couple on the backseat. Dean holds on to Cas's hand keeping it on his thigh as they drive baby back home.
"Oh, yes....about you not touching me without my permission?" Even though he has given Dean lots of moments when the man could've taken him, he didn't, just nuzzle him here and there, Then he was gone.
"Whatever," The demon snarls "Now, why?"
The messenger shrugs, looking at the formulas "I don't know, this has never happened before but I guess we will since the baby's half
He doesn't see Sam and Gabe's smug look as he runs backstage. But before he can he is stopped by the mascot "You can't go in there, only for performers."
Cas looked at his vanity mirror and felt disgusted by how much sadness he can see in his blue eyes. But he can't say no, they needed allies more than ever since the Winchester clan was getting close to their borders. And if he rejected Balthazar it would bring war from their kingdom, so he needed to do this for
"Like hell, I can't. I'm not leaving you with that Winchester." Gabriel shrieked shocked that Cas even thought that the older one is going to leave him.
After all of them got seated, Cas tried maintain as much distance from Dean as possible but it was impossible since the Alpha was sitted beside him with his legs knocking against Cas's in each moment. They ate in silence taking big chunks of the food, Cas just looked at the people around him with scrunched up eyebrows feeling uneased.
He looked at where she was pointing and really from the bar you had a clear view of the second floor. He felt embarrassed remembering how much he acted like a whore and the redhead saw all of that.
Exhaling a warm breath on the cold night, he was standing outside the house watching out for Sam and Adam, he waited for them to knock or contact Dean again but both of them are just stood under the headlight doing nothing.
The Alpha though does not seem put off by his actions, as he smiles like a puppy "I know I look scary but I'm not gonna hurt you or Dean would probably skin me alive."
Cas sighs, and shakes his head distressed "I'm sorry...I'm not your father but... I can promise that he's in a better place now."
Cas smiles and they fly out just behind a shopping mall. Balthazar is also there in his everyday Black jacket look leaning on the wall, they have decided to go shopping.
"Zach, what are you doing?"
He opens the door to his apartment smiling, today is his and Zacharia's anniversary. Its been 3yrs of their relationship, he sighed when he saw hallway light was off. He thought maybe Zachy has a surprise planed for him as he kept walking towards the living room. What he saw annoyed and frustrated him to no end, his boyfriend was being a couch potato, movie playing on LCD, his laptop on his lap and ears attached to the headphones.
Inspired red dress:
The girl scoffs "It's called being a human, I don't judge whatever a person does in their goddamn life. And You should too, you can't molest our customers. Please leave."
"He's doing what he does every second, acting like a child. Look over there.." Mich points out smiling fondly at the sight of his mate, Cas looks in the direction and chortles when he sees Lucifer flapping his arms like a duck entertaining the children, some people look at him weirdly but the blonde man ignores it enjoying playing catch with kids.
And if i am late at posting then I am so sorry but if you have seen the movie you know that it really doesn't have much plot so I have to make my own.
His brother looked about to protest but knew better and snapped his mouth shut. There was a low moan and all of them turned to Cas who writhed in bed before opening his striking cobalt blue eyes.
When the next morning they wake up to go back to the bunker, Dean is very happy when he realizes Cas is still sour and has to limp a little. He does feel concerned and bad but he is kinda possessive. It's not Dean's fault, that Cas is like a flower in the garden of horny bugs.
With a smirk, the blonde strides in front of him, taking Cas's hand smacking a kiss on the back. The new archangel blinks with arched eyebrow "What are you doing?"
They were eating like wolfs, with no table manners at all except Sam and Jody everyone was gobbling on food. Sam met Cas's eyes giving a silent apology for his family with a shrug, he look at his brother thinking that Dean was proving well enough that he was a savage like people called them.
The omega finally snapped out of his shock when he was seated, now he registered all eyes on him. No, he is not ready for this on top of finding his cousin is alive and has been working for the enemy. He knew enough manners to not start shouting at the table.
He was side sitting on the black mare infront of Dean, feeling very flustered and uncomfortable around Dean's caged arms. The Alpha sighed and smiled "Cas, I wouldn't risk you flying away. And don't
"I think avoiding heels for some time would be a good idea for me." He says letting out a breathless chuckle which brings a smile to Dean's face. Cas ceases thinking over, Did he just joke with his captor? Oh lord give him strength, what is wrong with him, fooling around with a mob boss?
"Are you sure Claire, this is the place?"
Looking back at the Alpha's worried eyes, trying to keep his emotions at bay and not bury himself in Dean's arms. He bites his lips feeling lost when the man's shoulder sag in relief. At the moment, he registers the hand on his knee and recoils it, turning towards the window.
"Answer me."
Gabe bites his cheek, scraping the skin off. The hate for Winchesters just grew on him. What did his brother do with them? But in the end, all the hurt is delivered to him. He jokes "Wow, you're such a sap."
short that it will be like a game for you to pin me down to the wall and take me
"Tomorrow, you kneel Castiel. Or you and anyone with you dies." Cas looked up at Raphael with unshed tears, this was his brother. He bit his tongue to not say anything. He was already low on his powers no need to make matters worse.
"If that's your idea of falling in love looks like, then your fucking wrong." He cries out surging forward and pushing the wall of muscle in front of him, Dean's skin was impeccably warm but Cas is not about to back out. Dean let's out an animalistic snarl and pushes Cas on the bed, the act makes the omega shudder and whimper at the sudden force.
He looks back to see Dean is still staring him, he cringes when Dean's hand raise towards him. He looks at the man astounded when Dean pulls out a loose thread from his coat and steps back sniggering at the omega's overreaction.
Gabriel's wardrobe:
Dean looks down towards the end of the bed and sees bruises on Castiel's feet and ankles. He brings a medical case from the cupboard and sits down at the end of the bed, putting one of Cas's feet over his lap, and applies the ointment over brown bruises before wrapping it up with a gauge.
But he can finish his brother's last wish
The messenger of God sighs, "Cas, it's a metaphor."
have if you hadn't scared the crap out of me."
(See the end of the chapter for
Cas' nostrils burn at the external scent, he clinches the man's arm to rip it away from his mouth, but it's no surprise that the man is stronger. Cas tries to dig his nails in the Beta's eyes, but his body starts shutting off, his fingers unclinching from the arm and eyes as the world goes dark infront of his eyes.
Dean's eyes snapped open hearing Cas' voice, his nostrils flared with a smell of distressed omega. He breathed heavily, closing his eyes in guilt for Cas' sorrow. He pushed himself away from Cas, getting on his feet. He runs a palm over his face exhaling tiredly, then he looks at Castiel, who is still in the fatal position, the nightdress thrusted upward showing his thighs as he breaths in and out, chest rising and falling, both arms wrapped around his body securely as blue eyes stare at chandelier in distress.
He just settled for the fact that his mind was dizzy from all the crying and sleep, so it's not his fault that he felt cozy with Dean. His floppy white hat ruffled when a strong wind blew around him, he was dressed in a babydoll dress with a glass of orange juice, he has just finished breakfast and he had no idea on what to do next.
He sniffles, why is he so emotional? He never cried even when his wings were burned he didn't even if it hurt and now he is crying over this stupid argument.
"I-It's....umm..it's Dean" Cas hid his face just as words left his mouth. He heard growls from both the people. Balthazar stood up, wanting to throw the controller but stops for Cas's sake. He throws it at the sofa instead, stomping his shoes like a child.
He looks towards Dean and Jo, the man is standing with his arms crossed over his suited chest, a broken pair of sunglasses on his right hand staring at the Beta with murderous look. An older bearded man is beside him, with hands inside his pocket looking agitated as he shakes his head like he has a whiff of what is about to happen next.
"That's not going to help you. Just let Cas come with us, please." What the hell? Does this moose of a man really think that he will let them just take his little brother by making a puppy face?
Dean laughed throwing his head back, a deep sound that made Cas melt on the floor. The man held out his hand to help him stand "Don't worry I will get you an Ice-cream."
"I will talk to her." Before anyone can get a word out, Charlie was on her feet speeding where Jo had gone.
The omega now was feeling bad for bad-mouthing the Beta, he promises to that he will apologize next time he saw the woman "That can explain the nasty burn scar on her forehead and the overprotectiveness."
not his fault.
Cas let's out a broken sob when the pain ripples through, his ears still ringing from the shot. He sniffles when Dean's face nuzzles in his hair, before he murmurs "Trust me baby boy, you can't kill me. Many have tried it's not that easy."
Cas asks trying to forget the awkward moment when they heard their uncle masturbate that night "So what do you do actually?"
Dean is speechless because truthfully he is enjoying the moment, he has thought of this moment sometimes in his dreams. But his father always told him 'it's just a phase' when really it was not, with Cas it's more. He loves his guardian angel.
The new Archangel worries his lips and roams his hand on the little bump of his belly. Balthazar has gone back to Heaven for seeing how many angels are with them and also grab some useful weapons. The word about a Nephelim has been raised through high heaven in the morning and he can only imagine how many of his step-brothers and step-sisters will be roaming Earth for the head of his baby.
This is not an update, if you want to skip it you can but I would suggest you read through it.
Cas looked at the ocean, Zach was good for something. The scenery from here is really beautiful, the calming noise of waves, night birds chirping. The silence is peaceful, Cas can see couples walking on the beach, he sniffles and wipes his cheek with the ends of robe reaching down his fingers.
The blonde angel asked looking at Cas with a squint like he had an idea and also there was hurt in his eyes for which the new archangel did feel bad about but he can't generate feelings on his own. To him Balthazar will always be his brother who took him to Earth sometimes.
They were so close, Dean's green eyes were fixed on him like he was the whole world for the man. Their staring session was broken up by Sam who shouted "Get a room, you two."
Cas simply smirked at them both and handed the cone to Balthazar nursing his upper lip and winked walking away.
They were on a witch case, Castiel and Dean came to investigate the abandoned church, what they didn't guess was the witch would still be here. Now they are hiding in the closet while the witch is trying to seek them out.
Cas gives Dean a watery smile, his eyes tearing up. He bites his lips "I love you."
"It's alright Michael. They are okay. You need to rest." He choked out holding his brother-in-law, what more can he say? He doesn't want them to watch as he leaves them for God knows how long until he finds some way to get away from Dean.
All the while Cas slurps his drink, looking towards Dean with big eyes like he's telling some story. Dean continues his eyes downcast as his shoulder slump, Cas's omega fights to soothe the Alpha but he controls his irrational part, hardly. "I had to take up the job of head of the family after my father's death. It is not what I wished for but I had no choice."
Cas rolled his eyes as he dabbed his cheek standing up, he huffed "'Why does everyone keep calling me that?"
"Yeah, it was my colleague. She wanted to confirm about Benny." He smiled secretly when Dean hovered over him like a lost puppy just watching him cook with a pleased smile. After putting the pie inside the oven all they had to do was wait...Easier said than done.
"We can't. That side of Castle has already been hijacked, I need to get
"Never" Cas struggled to go around the man but the sleaze had him gripped from everywhere hands wandering to his private parts "No...I have a mate, please get off me."
Where he is standing in the Heaven of a man who drowned in 1953, It's a place where most angels come for a sensation of good. And right now Cas also feels very calm, it's strange that he wanted to untie his shoes and run around the green grass naked feet.
"Deeeean, you're....so good..to me.....I love you." He keeps saying it, he will keep saying it because he knows he finally can, Dean also loves him, his feelings are returned with so much affection that his body is going to explode.
“No –” Dean says roughly, shaking his head, “That makes me want your blood. It doesn’t make me want
. Sometimes that’s all a prayer would be; just
Dean clutches at the wall. “What?” he asks weakly.
, how he’s waited. Dean feels the weight of it welling up in his chest like a dam has burst, feels the lump in his throat sear and his eyes burn.
. It darkens as Dean holds it, so powerful and blatantly seductive that Dean feels his cock throb involuntarily between his legs. He swallows, forcing himself to look back at the road. His hands are gripping tighter than strictly necessary on the wheel of the impala, and Sam throws him a slightly distressed look before taking a pointed sip of his stupid organic smoothie.
He wishes Cas had left a mark on him the last time he touched him, not just blood on fabric, but something on his skin, etched onto him. A piece of him left that Dean could cling to. Dean remembers staring uncomprehendingly at the bloodied handprint on his jacket; remembers feeling no wonder, just fear.
Time was meaningless in purgatory; it was never fully light, and dark was unpredictable, often for what felt like days. The only way Castiel had learnt to mark the passing of time was by looking up at the sky. It was choked in murky black, but he could just make out the lunar eye of the moon, miniscule ancient constellations glimmering in hope, or mockery. They were so very small, from all the way down here, but Castiel could still see them, and he held onto that. Like Dean’s prayers, sometimes he was comforted by them, other times tormented.
“Don’t mention it,” Dean mumbles gruffly, cheeks heating up. His heart is racing, and he wants to change the subject, take the focus away from how intimate the present suddenly feels now that Cas is holding all their memories in his hands. “Anyway, enough of that. I’m glad you like it, but you know I can’t handle chick flick moments. Come on, your turn. Where’s mine?”
The only problem with Cas being so amazing at choosing gifts is that Dean always feels under pressure to match Cas’s presents, give him something that he’ll treasure as much as Dean treasures the gifts Cas gives him. And the thing is, Cas is hard to buy for, hard to read, a lot of the time. Even though Dean spends more time with Cas than anyone else, and spends even more time thinking about Cas, he’s never quite sure what’s going on in his head. And that makes it difficult, because Dean so wants to make this last Christmas before they both go their separate ways special.
“What were you making?” Dean asks, grudgingly, just for something to break the silence.
“A practice church spire, for my showstopper,” Castiel’s face is intent with concentration, completely focused on the task at hand. “I’m doing a religious scene.”
Dean’s hands are sweating on the wheel and his cock is more than a little hard, but he can’t quite bring himself to look away. Cas’s eyes are blazing quietly, ice and fire. Dean suddenly feels very aware of the power Cas has, the fact he could smite them all in a heartbeat if he wanted, turn galaxies upside down. The thought shouldn’t make his cock throb, but it does. Dean watches helplessly as Cas’s fingers linger on the opening of his shirt, long and elegant. He holds Dean’s gaze intently as, slowly, he unbuttons another button, and slides his hand inside his shirt.
. He pictured Dean stumbling around in the snarled branches and colourless fog, shouting blindly with nothing to kill, nothing to be angry at. It hurt Castiel so much it felt like physical pain, like Dean was punching him over and over again with his despair.
“You said that a moment ago,” Dean searches Cas’s gaze, voice low, “And now you’re here. Please, Cas. I need you close, I need – I promise I won’t go all twilight on your ass,” he throws out desperately, hoping with everything he has that’s true. He doesn’t entirely trust the pointy little fangs that have definitely grown even more in the last few moments – but he trusts what he feels for Cas. Always. Above anything. “I just – I need you, Cas.”
“Are you sure you know what you’re doing?” Dean eyes the needle in Cas’s hand apprehensively, suddenly feeling very vulnerable. They’re both sitting facing each other on Dean’s bed, the lights low and Zeppelin playing softly on the record player.
“Hey, you’re clocked off now, right? I’m not going to get you making something you’re sick of the sight of,” the guy says, “Plus, maybe it’s time for me to try something new,” he grins wider, raising his eyebrows suggestively, and Cas feels the blush rise on his cheeks again.
It’s getting to the point where Sam will intermittently make mildly distressed sounds and leave a room, and, more concerningly, Dean keeps accidentally stabbing things that aren’t meant to be stabbed (walls, a fridge, a rosemary bush, and in once unfortunate moment of inattention, Sam). He knows it’s reached a point where he needs to talk to Cas and make him understand what he’s doing. People’s lives are at stake. Dean had nearly run over an elderly lady last week just because Cas was in the passenger seat staring at him.
Since then, Cas has watched countless men and women have the same, awestruck reaction he’d had that first night. Dean has dated a couple of them, slept with a few more of them – but he hasn’t stuck with anyone. In fact, to date, Cas is the only person he knows of that Dean has spent more than a handful of weeks with. Over the last year, they’ve hung out most days. At first it was just going to freshman events together or meeting up after seminars for coffee, but it’s evolved into eating dinner together most nights and spending all of Sunday sprawled on the couch in Dean’s apartment. If they don’t wind up seeing each other for a couple days, Dean will typically turn up at Cas’s apartment with stupid cowboy movies and the raspberry and vanilla muffins Cas loves.
Dean lose it like that, because of him, because of this. When Cas pulls away, Dean is still breathing hard, but he sinks down so he’s on his knees like Cas, grabbing him and crushing their mouths together messily. Both hands come up to hold Cas’s face, like he’s something precious. Cas whimpers helplessly and clings to Dean, rocking his hips involuntarily against Dean’s in attempt to alleviate the now almost painful pressure in his pants.
Dean is more beautiful than Cas has ever known him, standing there in the kitchen, complex green eyes wide with something wonderful, gazing back at Cas like they’re both standing on the edge of something. The tension is almost unbearable, and Cas breaks first.
But then – Thursday night happens.
“You look incredible,” Cas blurts, and then blushes profusely. He ducks hastily to rescue the fallen bagels, grateful for the opportunity to hide his red face. “Uh – I mean. You look very. Professional. Very. Yes. Sorry.” When he braves a look at Dean, Dean’s gaze is twinkling with warm amusement, and he’s holding a small stack of bagels, having obviously retrieved the ones Cas had missed. “Oh,” Cas mumbles, awkwardly, and takes the proffered bagels gratefully, feeling his stomach flip at the soft warmth of Dean’s fingers against his for a moment, “Thank you.”
“Yeah, kid’s a fucking prodigy,” Dean rolls his eyes, but his expression is affectionate. “You have siblings?”
“I can promise to try,” Dean compromises.
Dean can’t bear how warm his heart suddenly feels, so he does the only thing that makes sense, and leans in kisses Castiel again. Castiel lets out a soft hum of contentment, hands coming up to rest against the planes of Dean’s back, pulling him closer, holding him. This time, the kiss is more urgent, full of a kind of heat that is entirely new to Dean. It’s heartfelt and soft and a little bit desperate, and it’s pushing all kinds of buttons Dean never knew he had. He clutches Castiel closer, gasps involuntarily when Castiel’s teeth scrape across his bottom lip, sending a jolt of heat to his already aching cock. Castiel presses closer and does it again, biting down gently this time, and Dean loses it a little bit.
Ridiculously turned on by how Dean is clearly as unbelievably into this as Cas is, Cas traces the line of Dean’s hip, slides his thumb under the delicate elastic of the panties. Dean lets out this stifled sound that goes straight to Cas’s cock, gasping against Cas’s cheek as they continue to rock together desperately like that, Cas’s thumb hooked through the elastic, pulling the material taut against Dean’s skin. It’s so good Cas can barely think straight. They’re both still fully clothed but he already feels dangerously close from how incredible it all feels, how incredible Dean feels.
“Yes,” Dean growls, deliberately darkening his gaze and feeling another thrill go through him at the way Cas’s pulse unmistakably picks up in response. If Dean weren’t currently so consumed with rampant bloodlust and the consequences of a longstanding sexuality crisis, he'd be fascinated by how much is going on in Cas's body without a single external sign he's affected. He looks as serious and stoic as ever – composed, quiet. The only giveaway is how his pupils have darkened, almost as black as Dean’s. It makes Dean wonder how many times in the past Cas has been just as affected as he has been by their interactions, and he’s just never noticed, has been too occupied with his own denial.
If it weren’t for Castiel Novak, Dean knows he’d easily win this competition. Castiel Novak with his stupid messy hair and serious eyes and long, skilled fingers. Castiel Novak and his insufferable ability to bake the fluffiest angel cakes when Dean burns all his in the oven.
him, the rapid, hard thud of Cas’s heart in his chest deafening, faster than before.
Outside, it’s cold, the dark biting at Cas’s skin as he waits for Dean to return from the kiosk. He leans against the cool, smooth metal of the impala, stares skywards for a while. It’s cloudy, the sky is swollen with snow. Cas likes not being able to see the heavens, sometimes. On days like this, earth is full enough of wonder all by itself. The greasy spill of gas station lights on frozen concrete, a little metal box of memories in his pocket, Dean’s footsteps echoing through the quiet towards him. The lights of heaven could never compare.
“Please,” he murmurs, quieter, “Cas. I can hear your heart.”
“I can –” Dean bites off another groan as another wave of the smell of Cas’s hot, heady blood washes over him, even more intense than before. He clenches jaw against the fangs he can feel itching to descend further, hands curled into fists where he’s cuffed against the bedframe. “God. I can
"We are so screwed." Balthazar confirms, turning up more desserts for new baby mama who eats the food like a pig, but a cute one at that.
"Jerk."
for you Cas and anything you want, you can have it."
He looks up at the waiter who puts a champagne bottle on their table. Frowning he sits up to get a good look at the bottle before it morphs into a look of awe, he smiles staring at his boyfriend adoringly "Zach, you got me my favorite?"
The moose was having none of it as it walks forward and nudges Dean's stomach, the antlers poking him, but Dean is a god, it's hard to hurt him. "Sam?.." Dean says roughly, his throat tight with lumps, as his eyes bleed with unshed tears.
Cas buzzed his tongue right in Dean's face "You cheated." He said confidently and held his head high proudly but it just made the Alpha smirk more.
"Hey Lil bro, I heard you took off to get some after ditching stinky old Zach."
Cas takes his hand back just as fast holding his breath, listening if Dean woke up or not. When there's no reaction, he frowns and pokes the man again but it only gets him a loud snore in retort making him annoyed. Cas closes his eyes huffing and just shakes Dean's shoulder. What comes next is
The Alpha stopped when a knock came from the door, leaving Cas in the bath wasn't an option but he had to. He stood up taking a towel as he dried his hair and opened the door, the room service was there with his meds frowning. Dean recognized how much the room is smelling like wedding night right now and to add up to it, a loud sound between whine and gasp came from the bathroom "Alpha."
Cas pretended to think before shrugging and took the offered help. "Kay."
"Shut up Michael, the seats were too harsh on my back." He says feeling the soreness in his bones and making him numb from the long flight. Right now he just wants to lay for a bit but obviously, his brother is having none of it. Michael pushes him off to sit up and says "Hey don't sleep, it's your Birthday get ready."
Dean was frustrated and was about to snap but the picture of Cas's behind was far more pleasing. A chocolate coloured apron was wrapped around his waist and the dress was so short that the Alpha can feel his mouth watering watching Cas being all domestic.
I hope you liked this chapter, if you did don't forget to share your thoughts. Peace out babies✌
The messenger of God looks down in shame, truth is he was a coward afraid to face his family. He is envious of Castiel's courage to step against all Heaven for 3 mortals. Sighing, Gabe plops beside Cas "I don't know, I just..."
Shaking his head he looks outside in awe at the beautiful scenery, trying to decipher what place is this? A flock of birds fly over the mountains, the breathtaking glaciers going over the clouds, he gasps looking at the sky. He can't even describe the feeling of the beautiful scenery, his blue eyes shine when a train passes by the mountain creating a picture-perfect landscape. Even without thinking words fell out of his mouth "...Wow" He whispers in wonder sliding the glasses down.
Right in this little garage'
"Maybe it's on the house, it's your birthday after all." Zach said pulling the cork, and pouring the wine into glasses. Cas nevertheless cautious smiles taking the glass. Zach raised his glass and announced, "To the most amazing, gorgeous, and beautiful omega in the world.....0..my grandmother."
https://youtu.be/-w7vXgLJ16I
. Stepping down the stairs he moved towards the dining room, peering through the slight crack in the door. His stomach dropped when he saw the number of people present on the table.
The boy stutters out "Y-Yeah. There were these four men and a li-little girl. The black haired one called her his daughter then suddenly he was gone and other three stayed....and..and...there was bright light before everything was destroyed."
Cas and Jo both glare at the Alpha beside Sam who is chortling but stops when a matching pair of harsh looks is directed at him. Cas muses at the words left from Sam's mouth, he snaps "No, I'm not going anywhere. You can't say something at the moment and expect me to go along with it."
Well if he ran, they wouldn't be able to follow him just in seconds that's for sure. But the real problem is Dean, how can he distract that guy. He looks at himself, in the mirror wearing a white suit that has a V, inside he is wearing nothing. Literally nothing, the material is very soft on his skin, his pectorals are showing off from the V, the suit pants hugs his ass all in right positions. He looks at Dean who is busy lashing out on someone in another line of his phone, Cas looks at him menacingly but it doesn't get him anything but a chuckle from the guards. He pokes his tongue out to them naively.
Max and Alicia came forward as the girl spun the omega behind her while the boy flared his Beta blue eyes and said something through his teeth at the asshole. The threat was obvious as Renny backed away, slamming into strangers uncaring and annoyed.
When they reach the mansion, Cas can see guards standing at the front gates. Dean drives inside, just as he stops Cas springs out of the door. Even though he isn't sure of which way to go, he collides with a muscled body. Looking up to see Dean standing over him with his arms crossed, he steps back shocked looking around.
Cas looks down at the little girl, waiting to see what is she going to do. She says lowly staring away from him "...I-I'm s-sorry."
But he is surprised when exhaling Dean nudges on his neck before nibbling his earlobe. Cas gasps letting out a broken moan as blood rushed down. Dean's hand comes up at his jaw, he closes his eyes at the gentle hold.
But now, the omega feels like he was wrong. Dean is different in some ways, he is threatening, ruthless, aggressive but he is also nice, caring, funny and even if Cas tries hard the man makes him smile.
." Yeah, like Gabe will care if the man was named Elizabeth. He just wanted his family safe and away from the troubling Winchesters.
He strided towards the red haired Beta who bared her throat in submission, exhaling through her nose. Sighing Dean softened his gaze and took hold of both her small forearms as he said "Anna, you and I both know if he would've stayed in Angeles then what would have happened. "
"So, what's the word Cas?" Dean asked looking at him with a look that clearly told he knew the omega's answer. Cas stares at the Alpha with tears.
But Cas, the man was a whole different being. Like Dean said, he was like an angel so bright that the Alpha wanted to keep him only to himself. In the omega's blue eyes, there was everlasting peace and hopefulness. Since the day he almost died, Cas had become the light in his grueling dark world.
"Yeah, Dean I can't believe you kept it in your pants." Sam says skeptically as other snickers around them.
Cas gasped and in a moment he is standing in a mansion. He looked around in confusion and curiosity that which part of Heaven is it? Walking around Cas saw some angel's and they were from Raphael's garrison. He clicked his tongue in regret, he should've been more careful.
Dean looks at Cas like he has seen Whale and Shark having sex. "No Cas, you wouldn't be that cruel to me, right? Leaving me in pain? Right? Right?" Dean looks at Cas for confirmation while the angel just raises his eyebrows saying 'Try me Bitch'
His teeth chatter, not at all consoled by the words but he nods nothing less. A silk blindfold is put over his eyes. Arms are being wrapped around his back and bend of his knee, as he is picked up bridal style. He shrieks gripping onto Dean's shoulder, hiding his face when the Alpha laughs. Dean sure does have a good laugh. He shakes his head, residing a mantra reminding Dean is not a good man, he is a criminal.
I tried a little humor, and if you don't get it then I will understand because even I will not. But thanks for reading.
"Hey, you don't need to say anything just tell me your happy." He looks up at Dean, he can't say that because he feels conflicted to say anything. Taking few short breaths, he listens to the sound of insects chirping, and finally says looking straight at Dean's green eyes.
