The older man had come up next to his wife and handed her a bottle of water. “You too, Dean, Castiel. And please call me Cain. I’m not a doctor here.”
“What the f—” Castiel couldn’t even finish his sentence.
“I wouldn’t want to forget something like this.”
“I didn’t say I was going to quit, just not sure it’s for me. I’ll give it a couple more weeks.”
Castiel’s heart broke seeing Dean so lost. He collapsed next to him and rested his head on his husband’s shoulder. He felt Dean’s arm snake around his waist. “Exactly what you’ve been doing. You’ve been so wonderful about all this. Just… I just need you to
Impala67: dude, seriously? what a dick! want me to kick his ass?
“So… that
The next morning, Castiel woke up to the smell of coffee. After digging his toiletry kit out of his bag and taking care of his morning bathroom routine, he wandered through the house looking for Dean. He found his husband sitting in the small breakfast room off the kitchen clad only in his boxers while drinking coffee and looking through a large binder. “Good morning, sweetheart.”
Impala67: ok angel. u gonna pass out before i get there? dont wanna have to sleep in my car.
Alicia’s responding grin made Castiel want to melt in a puddle on the floor. The little girl bounded toward them and threw herself into Dean’s arms. His husband’s eyes widened in shock before returning the hug. Patience moved at a more sedate pace to stand in front of Castiel. “B- Olá. Eu sou Patience.” She spoke in a halting voice in a clear attempt to remember the words.
: A bunch of people are getting together for a huge concert at the same time as the Superbowl.
Dean stepped out of the house behind him. His husband held a covered plate filled with raw burger patties for the grill. He dropped a kiss on Castiel’s head as he passed and spared a pat for Storm. His husband hadn’t changed much. He was a bit softer around the middle and constantly grumbled about it (though he would never give up the pie that Castiel suspected was the culprit). Castiel didn’t care about the extra pounds. Dean still lit up like a kid whenever Castiel baked and he preferred Dean’s excitement over a slightly flatter stomach.
Dean and Castiel started chatting often after that. Every time Cas watched a movie, he asked Dean plenty of questions. Most topics seemed to confuse him. Dean didn’t mind. He’d waited years to find someone to educate on the finer points of cinema. Sam hadn’t shared Dean’s taste in movies since they were little and most of his co-workers seemed to prefer more modern movies that were all crappy CGI.
Castiel’s blood ran cold and an ugly feeling he couldn’t identify settled in the pit of his stomach. “She said that?” he choked out.
“They’re only slight movements and usually only happen when your balance is off or during an attack. At that point, you probably wouldn’t notice them. They’re also hard to see unless you’re looking for them. Dean, come here.”
Next, he ran into the bookstore and went straight to the information desk. Here, he was faced with another grinning employee who handed him a stack of books that he’d requested over the phone. Castiel double checked his list to make sure everything was there while thanking the young man who then rang up Castiel’s purchases and gave him sincere congratulations along with his receipt.
: Is that ok?
Just before Dean closed the door, there came a whispered “Love you.” His head whipped around to look at the still form on the bed, but he had already fallen asleep. He watched him for a few more minutes with wide eyes trying to comprehend what he’d just heard.
“Really Sammy. I mean Cas is great and um, ok I may have a little crush on him but I don’t think he’d- I mean. We’re just friends.”
Dean found him crying in their bedroom. His husband pulled him into his chest and kissed the top of his head. “What’s wrong, Cas?”
“Dean and I aren’t really ’club’ people Bal. Besides, we’re adopting from an agency in Pernambuco, which is about fifteen hundred miles north of Rio.”
“Good. Now, barring any problems with your meds, I would like to see you for a follow-up in two months, ok?”
Whenever there is dialogue with the children, just assume it is in French.
Cas gave him a calculating look. “Are you…
Her one big suggestion had been to introduce American Sign Language. Charlie provided several studies debunking the myth that learning a non-verbal language hindered the ability to learn a spoken language. She then explained that it had a similar syntax to French so it would be easier for Max to learn. Also, since there was no way to tell when Max may want to speak, ASL would help him feel confident enough to express himself. Charlie herself was fluent in ASL and started using it immediately whenever she spoke around Max. She provided them with a list of books, videos, and online instructors since she didn’t think Max could handle in-person lessons yet.
“Keep in mind this isn’t my area of expertise, but from my understanding it’s caused by fluid retention in a sac in the cochlea. This sac plays an integral role in balance and when it’s damaged it throws your balance off.”
A bleary-eyed guy with wild, dark hair answered the door. Oh crap! Did Balthazar come back? Dean was trying to figure out what to say when the dude wobbled on his feet and pitched forward. Dean caught him on instinct and the guy wrapped his arms around him and clung tightly. He then started to cry and Dean was about to pull his arms back when he caught words in between the sobs. “Whyyy? Why would he do this to me Dee?”
Castiel smiled as he watched his daughter concentrate on the placement of the napkins.
. Right here. A piece he wasn’t even aware was missing clicked into place as he breathed in the scent of the child in front of him. He felt like the Grinch when his heart grew three sizes all at once. He looked over at his husband who was listening to Patience’s chatter with a mix of delight and confusion on his face. When his eyes landed on Max, his heart sank almost as quickly.
When Dean flipped it over, he could see a small scrap of lace actually peaking out from where the package was sealed.
Dean uses the bathroom and throws on a clean(ish) shirt before shuffling down the hall. He can see Cas’s back from where he sits at the bar looking at—
Castiel saw the pain reflected in his husband’s eyes. Dean may not have seen his mother die but he confessed, after waking up from a nightmare early on in their relationship, that he had heard some of her screams as their house burned. He’d had those terrible dreams ever since that night and John had never wanted him to talk about it. Instead, he bottled his pain which would come out in fits of rage until Bobby and Ellen had taken the brothers in and insisted Dean see a psychologist. The nightmares didn’t occur very often after that, but it was clear they deeply affected him when they did. His husband’s message was clear: he was going to do whatever he could to help their children heal in a way John Winchester never did. Castiel sniffed. “Yea.”
Just then, Raphael walked into the break room. He and Castiel didn’t get along at all. The man was a huge homophobe and though he never said anything outright, his pinched expressions and thinly veiled looks of disgust were enough. They worked in the same department and even though Raphael had been with the company longer, Castiel was more well-liked and better at his job. He had quickly found himself Raphael’s enemy. The man moved stiffly to the refrigerator and pulled out some fancy water in a glass bottle that probably cost more by the case than it would to feed a family of four for the day.
Castiel heard the water running and felt a wet cloth press to his head. “M’ fine Meg. Gotta clean this mess up. Don’t wanna scare the kids.” He tried to move, but the smaller woman pressed firmly down on his shoulder.
It was Dean’s turn to roll his eyes. “Can it really be called littering if they’re compostable?”
“Nah, nothin like that. Well, I have my Dammit Doll and uh, I got a punching bag if I get really upset…” he flinched a bit waiting for Cas’s reaction.
He continued, ignoring her. “You need to make it special. Romantic. Oh, good Lord. If I’m not careful, all this sap will turn
“Dean?” Castiel called.
Dean opened his mouth to speak before closing it again and shaking his head. “Yea. Just somethin I have to deal with.” Cas looked up at him with sad eyes. Dean bent down to grab a basket. “How was Cain’s visit? You two looked like you were having a good time.” Crap. He should have just kept his mouth shut. He could hear the bitter tone in his voice.
“You don’t understand. Naomi will use
Castiel could feel himself tearing up again. He gave his husband a wide smile while trying not to cry. “Yea Dean. We’re gonna be daddies.”
The e-mail came on a Thursday.
“Oh man. I’m sorry.”
“I don’t recall Jo dancing in ‘Swan Lake’, but I saw you at the show last month.”
Castiel couldn’t help his goofy grin. “Yes,” he said softly.
“It sounds like you guys have a lot to talk about.” He said quietly. “Lemme walk you to your car and you guys go home yea? Maybe order a pizza.”
Katie and Dean stopped their continued conversation about hearing aids. Castiel hadn’t even noticed she’d removed one and was showing it to Dean. It was black and purple, had a beaded tube, and had what looked like a dragon wing attached to the piece that went behind her ear. She slipped the hearing aid back in and tilted her head. “What was that?”
Castiel’s forte. He had never been a fan of large crowds. Or loud noises. Or roller coasters. The sun was too bright, the air was too dusty, the food was too expensive. Despite all of that, Castiel was determined to make the best of it.
“Well, we got to talking about that restaurant he’s been saving up to open. He wants to get started but he’s not comfortable with the business aspect and he’s been looking for a partner.”
Balthazar cut in then. “Funny… wasn’t Castiel hired in the first place because you couldn’t handle everything on your own?”
“No you don’t. What happened?”
“Damnit!” His opponent played a card that decimated his board. He growled in frustration; he really thought he had that match. Now he had to play several extra hands just to get back to where he was.
After getting his paperwork from the front office, Dean made his way to his first class; gym. What kind of monster would make him exercise first thing in the morning? It was made worse by the fact that they had no gym shorts left in his size and he was stuck in tiny red shorts that were a size too small. He was thanking his lucky stars their current motel had free coffee in the lobby or never would have been awake enough for this.
Castiel yanked Dean to his feet and pulled him into a bruising kiss. He felt his husband’s hard length against his thigh and rearranged them until their cocks slotted together. They rutted for a while as their hands roamed each other’s bodies and they traded frenzied kisses. Castiel’s hand moved over Dean’s ass and one of his fingers brushed over his entrance. He applied gentle pressure and was surprised when his finger slid in easily. Dean gasped and Castiel recognized the familiar feel of lubricant. He pulled back and arched a brow at his husband. “Dean? Did you get started without me?”
When he was finally quiet with only the occasional shuddering breath, Dean spoke lowly in his ear. “Listen to me, Cas. You are my best friend. Yea, you’ve screwed up before, but so have I. Your heart has always been in the right place though. I’ve always known that. This angel thing… hey we trusted Metatron at first too. I’m so sorry he took your grace. I’m sorry your stuck as a human. But you’re not useless and you’re not pathetic. You’re family and we take care of our family.”
The house next door to was on the market for less than a week before it went under contract. Castiel was outside weeding his garden when a somewhat loud and unfamiliar engine had him looking up. Living on a cul-de-sac meant no thru traffic and the vintage black car was definitely not one that he recognized. It wasn’t until it pulled into the drive next to his, followed by a moving van turning down the street, that Castiel realized this must be his new neighbor.
Good one, Novak.
Mary walked over to Meg and hugged her. He had never seen Meg so uncomfortable before. If he wasn’t holding the puppy, he’d have snapped a picture. She pulled back and beamed at the stunned woman. “Thank you dear. I know how much you’ve done for Castiel since he started here. Thank you for helping Dean with this too.”
Sam ran off to help Dean with their luggage. Castiel then made sure the kids had all their toys packed up before ushering them towards their father and uncle. Once all the bags were gathered up, with Sam carrying the bulk of the baggage, Dean picked up Max while Castiel lifted Alicia to one hip and grabbed Patience’s hand on the other side and the six of them headed to the parking lot.
Son. Of. A. Bitch. Cas… was a guy.
Claire was led back to the bench and sat facing the two men. “Why didn’t you tell me?”
Chewing his cheek to keep a straight face Castiel asked, “And you’re her
Castiel narrowed his eyes in confusion. “Plan what?”
Their second date was to see a movie. Dean picked up Castiel in his gorgeous vintage Impala which he immediately complimented. Dean proudly patted the dashboard at that and wore a smug smile for the next few minutes. Castiel was surprised when Dean pulled up to a drive-thru. He shouldn’t have been though, because of course Dean Winchester would bring him to the only remaining drive in theatre in a fifty-mile radius. He parked the car before offering to get food and wondered off to the snack stand. He returned wearing a child-like grin and holding the biggest bucket of popcorn Castiel had ever seen along with a tray of drinks and a bag of licorice which he insisted was essential. They were playing the original Red Dawn and Castiel was amused by Dean’s love of Patrick Swayze and his constant commentary on the Wolverines’ guerrilla tactics. By the end of the movie, they were snuggled up together under a blanket Dean had pulled from the trunk. Castiel was tucked under Dean’s arm and the other man had started stroking his fingers through his hair at some point. As the credits rolled, Dean placed a kiss to the top of his head before starting the car and leaving the lot.
“Yes. A cadaver. Now, you see this small structure here?” He pointed to a small spiral that was only a portion of the size of his pinky nail.
Impala67: hey
“I’m well.” They both took a moment to open their respective boxes and Castiel thought he may be able to escape when she spoke again. “And that new neighbor of yours, how is he settling in?”
“Yes, and my levels were fine at my last appointment.”
The woman batted her eyes a bit and gripped his hand with both of hers. “It’s nice to meet you too.”
“Let me help you then.” Without releasing his hold, Dean moved Castiel under the spray and then reached over to grab the bottle of shampoo. He turned Castiel around and he soon felt his husband’s fingers massaging his scalp as he washed his hair. He groaned softly as he leaned his head back. “That feel good Cas?” Castiel could only grunt an acknowledgment which made Dean chuckle.
“Hell, yea.”
They went to get burgers and split a milkshake at a local diner. Dean ordered them pie for desert and smirked at Castiel’s blush when he offered him a few bites from his own fork. The next hour was spent discussing the movie and other random subjects. It was comfortable. Castiel didn’t feel the need to try and impress this man like he had with other people. In high school and college, he’d been rejected more than once when his dates found out he was demisexual. No one seemed to want to put in the time if there was no guarantee of a physical relationship. He started to develop the habit of trying to be as interesting as possible in the hopes of keeping them around longer. That was how his relationship with his ex-wife started and in hindsight, that had clearly not been ideal.
Friday came and Dean struggled to contain his excitement. He had it all worked out. John and Mary would sneak in after they left and deliver all the dog supplies while Sam and Gabriel would meet them later with the puppy.
Meg and Balthazar looked scandalized. “No, that won’t do. You don’t just tell someone something like that with a phone call.”
“Well, that is just gross.”
Towards the end of the meeting, the other group started to trickle back in. Castiel watched Dean’s eyes widen when he saw the horse and his husband made his way over. He bent over and kissed the top of Castiel’s head before pulling up another chair. “Hey, babe. How was it?”
Max sat in the corner of the room playing with legos. Castiel and Charlie sat watching him on the couch; he’d just finished telling her about his doctor’s appointment. Castiel spoke lowly. “It was weird how she kept insisting I need to take something for anxiety. Could she be right? Could I be stressed and not know it?”
Amelia cleared her throat, “Now, she’s already had her first two rounds of shots. She’ll be due again in a few weeks. I’ll give you the schedule. The adoption fee covers all her puppy vaccinations and you’ll be getting a voucher to have her spayed when she’s old enough.”
WaywardAngel: gab is out of tiwn. he suckd at beoing nice. wanat u. ur mu best freind
“Cas, look at me.” Castiel peeked through his fingers. “Even if it is the worst case, it’s better to know. And they come out with new treatments for cancer all the time. It’s not a death sentence anymore. Now, you’re getting all worked up without knowing anything. Let’s just get the test and go from there.”
“Meg get back ok?”
Dean took a shuddering breath. “Y-yea.” His voice cracked and he swallowed before continuing. “Yea Cas. Let’s get a coffee.”
The pair chatted for a few more minutes until the halftime break was over. They were soon caught up in the game again. Castiel didn’t know most of the players, but he knew the basics of the game and he was just as enthusiastic in his cheers of “Who Dat?!” whenever they scored and groans whenever they didn’t as the rest of the patrons of the bar.
“It was nice meeting you, Mr. and Mr. Winchester. Have a wonderful day.”
,” he bit out the word, “doesn’t affect your job performance. Don’t worry, I’ll be glad to pick up the slack while you’re gone.”
It was ridiculous. Dean had known Cas for over five years. It was a mostly business friendship and they’d never even hung out socially, but it didn’t stop Dean from being smitten with the awkward, blue-eyed beekeeper. He didn’t even know Castiel’s preferences when it came to partners. Dean was hoping to have figured it out eventually, but Cas had never given any hints one way or the other. At this point, Dean felt like he’d known him too long to just straight up ask without risking the friendship they’d formed.
“Language. And what did you expect? We’re adopting two
Castiel and Dean listened intently as the doctor went over the results of each test and asked questions when needed. A lot of it was technical and involved aspects of the balance system they didn’t even know existed. Dr. Adamson was patient and provided thorough explanations in a way that made sense.
Every now and then, Cas would look his way and smile at him. Dean loved Castiel’s smiles. They made his stomach flutter like he’d swallowed some of Cas’s bees and he swore his heart would skip a beat.
“Pity. At least let me throw you a small party here. I promise, it will be tame.”
Dean gasped in mock offense. “Old guy? Who you calling old guy? Bet I can handle this ride better than you. At least I can go on it by myself.”
Cas. Cas had asked him to keep it down. At the time, Dean just thought he had a little social anxiety and that explained his standoffish behavior. But maybe his new neighbor was just a dick who ratted him out to the HOA for having a few people over.
Dean nodded quickly and turned around to sit in one of the chairs Jo pointed to. The Russian, Dean guessed he was the instructor, clapped sharply and addressed the dancers. “From the top. Allison, watch your form.” The music started again and Dean watched as the dancers practiced. He would
Dean drew in a shaky breath and reached over to grab a tissue. “I know babe, I know. I can’t imagine.” Castiel felt Dean nudge him and pulled back. His husband handed him a bottle of water before cupping his face and wiping away his tears. “Drink, Cas. We need to pull it together. Max went through something horrible; they all did. We can’t change that but we’re gonna make damn sure to show them how loved they are and do our best to make them happy. We’re gonna help them in any way we can. Right?”
Claire snorted before sniffling a bit. Castiel pulled a leftover napkin from their earlier snacking from his pocket and wiped her face. “Are you ready to go?”
“Tinnitus has many causes.”
“Yes. I’ll try anything.”
“Yesss,” Dean breathed.
Castiel reached for his hand and intertwined their fingers. “I am.”
“Oh, ok.”
“Yea. Anna disagreed with her though and they started bickering and then…”
Castiel dropped the tube and covered his face with a groan. “Who the hell comes up with this shit?”
Dr. Adamson was behind his desk when they walked in. The older man looked up with a welcoming smile and stood to shake their hands. “Good to see you both again. Please sit.” Once they were comfortable, the doctor opened the file on his desk and grabbed a pen. “How have you been, Castiel?”
“Until today though, I wasn’t sure if my feelings would be reciprocated.” He took another step forward.
“What?”
Castiel nudged him with his elbow, “I’d like you there. What about you Claire?”
Castiel tightened his grip and gave Gabriel a look of mock outrage. “Stay away from my puppy.”
“Dude, stop.”
The other man studied his eyes for a minute longer before breaking into a huge grin. “Well, thank you Dean. Would you like to see something?”
Castiel brushed his teeth,crawled into bed, and was dozing off by the time Dean came back. Cas could tell he was pissed. To anyone else, he may have looked normal, but Castiel could feel the waves of anger rolling off his husband. “Is everything ok?”
Together they carried the heavy box to a place on one of the tables. Castiel opened the side and revealed a big glass case. Dean gasped. Inside was a miniature beehive. A few hundred bees moved over their honeycomb from behind the safety of the glass. “Cas,” Dean breathed, “This is amazing. Where’d you get it?”
Dean smirked. “Yea, yea. Shuddup. Any chance she’s right?”
Castiel cut him off and turned to glare at his friend. “I really don’t need to hear this. In fact, could you not sleep with anyone in that office? I still have to show my face there every week for the foreseeable future.”
Now that Benny was busy trying to open his restaurant, Dean was not able to take time off from the shop for each of Castiel’s appointments. While Castiel had been initially nervous about seeing Dr. Adamson after his other experiences, he was now quite comfortable with the man and didn’t mind going alone. Unfortunately, that wasn’t really an option either. Many of the tests they were doing really screwed with his balance. After the second appointment, he was so dizzy that it was nearly an hour before he felt steady enough to drive. It was embarrassing enough asking Balthazar to drive him to the doctor for the next test, but his friend’s shameful flirting with everyone in the building was far worse. From then on, he asked Ellen.
, take Claire here often?”
Castiel grimaced. “He is. I hate putting him out like this.”
Castiel rinsed the remaining toothpaste out of his mouth. “He also said my balance wasn’t bad. I felt fine and that therapy just made me feel like crap.” He mirrored Dean’s pose on the other side of the sink.
Dean’s heart broke for poor Cas. He knew most of her close friends were online. She didn’t hang out with co-workers because apparently they found her ‘weird’ (yes, she used quotes). She wasn’t close to anyone in town but her brother but apparently that was out. He wished he could be there for her… wait, why couldn’t he? Lebanon was less than four hours from Lawrence. He could be there by morning. It was a Friday night. He could help her through the weekend and be back by Monday. She was asking for him. She needed him. He couldn’t just leave her like alone like that.
Dean finally registered how close Cas had gotten. His mouth dried up. “What’s up Cas?”
“Dang dude. This is the Taj Mahal for torts. That looks great! Now, in about five years, he’s gonna need something bigger. I keep mine outside till it hits about 55 degrees. Then they stay in a heated shed out back.”
“Like, when you literally fall?”
Castiel ripped the sign out of the ground with a curse. He hated that show.
Castiel wasn’t sure how long he’d been asleep but he was woken by Dean shaking his shoulder. “Babe, you ok?”
might be pissed when Dean told him. But that was tomorrow’s problem. Right now, it was five in the morning and he had his best friend (who happened to be a very handsome man) in his arms. He pulled him closer and shut his eyes.
“We adopted five months ago. Things have only gotten easier.”
“That was incredible.”
Lilith flipped her hair. “Yea, and Meg used to be friends with us, but apparently she likes queers more.”
Castiel’s birthday was lovely. Dean and the children woke him up with breakfast in bed and they spent the whole day together. They played board games, watched movies, had a snowball fight, and drank cocoa. The kids gave Castiel homemade presents and Dean got him some new headphones because he’d lost yet another pair. Ellen came by in the evening to watch the kids and Dean took Castiel out for dinner. They were able to take the Impala and Castiel relished being able to ride in her again. After they ate, they stopped at the Roadhouse for a few drinks and were met by Gabriel, Sam, and Jo. Castiel didn’t have a single attack the entire day.
“Y’all are very welcome.” He knelt down next to Max. “Now, Santa told me that you were a very good boy and you were gonna take very good care of that tortoise. Is that right?” Max nodded. “Good. I knew he had to have a good reason for pickin’ you. Can I have a high five?” Max shied away from the hand before reaching forward to pat it softly. “Alright! You take care now Max.”
“What a relief,” Castiel drawled.
“So, you’re just gonna quit after one appointment?”
“Ok.” Castiel tilted his head as he watched his husband walk away. Even in grease-stained work pants, he found Dean sexy. Before they’d met, if someone had told him that one day the smell of motor oil would turn him on, he’d have called them crazy.
“So, what’s going on?” Balthazar’s smile died a bit as he studied Castiel. He pulled out a chair and sat opposite Castiel at the table. “Are you alright?”
“What?!”
Good lord, did this guy have a deep voice. “Nice to meet ya.”
Cas shook his head. “No. That’s not what I mean. Although this is one more thing I messed up.”
“Your brother and his wife were not wrong, but it’s clear you don’t see me that way.”
Dean chuckled as they moved ahead again. “I met him at the mall. I was shopping for my ex’s kid in that toy store.”
“I agree, that call was unfair. Why does it mean so much to you?”
“I made a pretty serious error in some paperwork. Raphael caught it and brought it to Adler. Him and some others have also been telling him that I’ve been slacking off for months.”
come. The assembled fans watched in confusion as no flag appeared on the play. The camera panned to coach Payton screaming at the refs and then back to the players gathering back on the field. The patrons in the bar soon echoed the shouts of the fans at the stadium. That was clearly two separate penalties; a pass interference and a helmet to helmet. Either of these should have at least resulted in an automatic first down but nothing was happening.
His husband’s expression changed to one of interest. “Yea. Too bad we have to unpack.” He pushed out his lips in a small pout.
Impala67: ok i was kind of an ass. sorry
“I won’t. It’ll be ok, Clarence.”
Castiel hummed. “You still have some? Then, yes please.” Dean nodded and returned to his booth.
“Thanks. She’s my Baby.”
“Well, the reason we broke up is ‘cause she found out I’m bi.”
“It’s too important. Too wonderful.”
Cain had appeared. He stood right behind Cas as he spoke to a female customer. He had a hand on Castiel’s shoulder. He said something and Cas turned and smiled at him. It was a warm, eye-crinkly smile. Cain spoke again and Castiel threw his head back and laughed. Dean felt hot jealousy rip through him. He wanted Cas’s smiles. He wanted to make Cas laugh. Cain knelt down next to the little girl standing with her mother. He started gesturing towards the bees as the girl listened with rapt attention. Castiel watched the exchange fondly.
Castiel opened and closed his mouth a few times and let out several nonsensical sounds. His lip quivered as he fought back the overwhelming emotions flooding his system. He clapped his hands over his mouth as he took in a shuddering breath to calm himself. Meg met his eyes and tilted her head towards Balthazar in silent inquiry. He nodded slightly.
“Me too.”
“I love you too. What happened?”
Right behind them stood a tall man wearing a flannel shirt and jeans. He had a leather jacket in one hand and the other was clenched into a tight fist. He was practically vibrating in anger. Castiel would find him attractive if he hadn’t been so furious himself. “What the hell’s goin on here?” The other man snapped.
, misunderstanding once he took care of his friend. “Cas. Cas, come on calm down. Let’s go inside and sit, yea?”
Max stayed where he was and continued to play quietly with the doll. His eyes kept flicking up to watch his sisters and he looked like he wanted to join them but was too nervous. He wore black shorts and his shoulders were hunched under his orange shirt.
She smiled warmly before shaking Dean’s hand and leaving the room.
“Oh, this and that. She gave me the whole ‘You hurt my dad and I’ll hurt you’ speech.”
Castiel raised his hands. “You don’t need to-“
“Thank you.” The guy looked around a bit before looking back at Dean. “Is there anything else you would deem essential viewing?”
At some point, Dean must have left because Meg was suddenly at his side replacing the blood-soaked cloth. His brother had on rubber gloves and was cleaning up the mess on the floor with a pinched expression. “Where’s Dean?”
Cas’s eyes widened and his cheeks pinkened “Oh.”
“Hello, Dean.”
“Seriously?! You sure?” He couldn’t believe it. He’d had Meg on the lookout for almost seven months now.
Castiel kicked off his shoes and lay on his back in the middle of the bed. He stared at the ceiling as he felt the familiar spinning sensation. Whether that was from the alcohol or whatever mystery illness he had, he wasn’t sure. He fought the urge to cry. This thing, whatever it was, was ruining his life. He never would have made that kind of mistake before. He swore he had double checked that paperwork, but he may have been mistaken. That was happening a lot lately. Little things slipping his mind; falling through the cracks. He had chalked it up to new parent brain or distraction from the frustration of this illness. But what if it was a symptom? Didn’t dementia start this way? Wasn’t he too young for dementia?
Lisa pursed her lips. “Not really. This was his father’s idea. He should be here soon to take Ben for the week.” She flipped her hair with a barely repressed sneer. She flicked her eyes to him and her expression instantly changed back to a friendly one. “What about you? Do you and your…
It was as he stood there, dick stiffening in his hand, that Cas walked in the door.
The nurse looked back up from her computer. “Alrighty Mr. Winchester. I’ve got you booked next Tuesday for your V.R. and another ECoG on March twenty-first.”
rescue. Ugh!” Lisa flipped her hair and snatched her purse from the ground with a huff. She walked over to Ben giving him a hug. Castiel watched her the whole time making sure she didn’t speak to Claire. Thankfully, she didn’t but she did scowl once more in his direction before storming out.
“Your illness doesn’t have to define you, but it is still a major part of who you are now. Nobody else has the right to tell you how to feel about yourself. Not me, not Dean, nobody. You’re the only one in that body of yours and how you choose to deal is your own business. Things could always get worse, true, but this isn’t an end. So, get mad. Be upset. Acknowledge your feelings: honor them. Repressing the negative emotions will only delay the pain.”
“God yes! Need you so bad Cas.”
Castiel shared at the note in shock. What had he done to make Dean so angry?
Cas rolled his eyes. “Don’t call me that Gabe.” He turned his gaze to Dean. “I’m sorry Dean. My brother here had expressed his annoyance at not having been able to ‘pull one over on you’ and asked for my help.”
“You’re an asshole.”
“Yep. He had to call a cab too because nobody would give him a ride.”
WaywardAngel: I’m trying very hard not to tease you about that.
The children were tentative as they walked into the condo. Alicia, while very outgoing, was not used to new places and her confidence appeared to be shaken. Max clung tight to Alicia’s hand only casting brief, furtive glances around the living room. Patience seemed the least reserved for once. She had a better idea of what was going on than her younger siblings.
In case you were wondering; I chose Brazil for several reasons, but mainly it's because it's one of the few countries that will adopt internationally to same-sex couples. I know a few families who have adopted domestically, but not internationally. I did a lot of research to sum up the process as accurately as possible. Apologies for any glaring inaccuracies.
“You don’t have to do that…”
Dean made cheeseburgers and fries for their first dinner together. The children loved them; even Max devoured his quickly. It was the most animated they had ever seen the boy. As they sat around picking at the last remaining fries, Patience spoke. “Are we really going to live here with you?”
“Oh yes. I thought I recognized him. I’m Castiel, Claire’s father. Please, sit.”
Castiel looked down to see Max snuggled close to his chest. He was freezing and the heat coming from the little boy was wonderful. He pulled him closer before his husband lifted his chin with a finger. “Cas?”
“Blockbuster is going out of business. Everything’s on sale.”
Pulling up to the store brought up some conflicting emotions. On the one hand, Dean was thrilled because, sale! On the other, he was a bit sad. He really enjoyed going to Blockbuster. They had a nice selection of westerns and other classics like Diehard and Speed 2. Sam had tried to get him to switch to Netflix, but they just didn’t have the kind of stuff he liked. He’d also managed to score a few dates while browsing the shelves on a Friday or Saturday. Couldn’t do that with mail delivered movies could ya?
“Now see this little bulge in the side here?” It was only a millimeter long, if that.
Cas had been standing on his flipper. He grit his teeth as he watched Cas run away. The bastard gave him another smirk and with a little salute called out, “See ya Dean!”
His heart sank at the hint of fear in her eyes. “Yes. We will never separate you again.”
“Why? Did she say something about me?” His brother gave him a comical leer, but Castiel knew he’d harbored a crush on Meg for a while.
He wasn’t expecting the entire room to explode into laughter. Cas just stood grinning at him, eyes sparkling in amusement. Dean opened his mouth to shout some more when Gabriel came and slung an arm over Cas’s shoulder. He popped a sucker out of him mouth and looked at Dean. “What’s up Dean-o? You look upset.”
“But… and you have Meniere’s as well?” Castiel asked.
Still clinging to him, Cas continued to cry. Dean slowly wrapped his arms around him and stroked his back as he tried to figure out how the hell this happened. He was finding it difficult to concentrate though. He had a large man who had become dead weight in his arms mumbling incoherently against his chest. He decided to try and work out this little, ok
Castiel was released the next day. They did another test that confirmed it was indeed West Nile that made him sick. His doctor also performed some neurological tests. While Castiel’s reactions were a little slow, that was to be expected. The doctor explained that he was very lucky. The encephalitis had been mild and there did not appear to be lasting damage. He was told to follow up in a week or come back if he got worse. He was also warned that the virus often took several months if not years to leave the body and that flare-ups could happen.
Castiel grabbed the mug Dean left out for him and started to make his own coffee. “Like the dead. I am
: Heck yea! Do you?
“This is very chick-flicky Cas. Burning the ex’s stuff.”
“How?”
“Dean!”
Gabe just smiled. Oh shit. Dean had seen that look before. That’s the look their resident trickster pulled when he just executed a prank. “You bastard. This was all you?”
“Yea? You and your ex get along well?”
“So… extra bug repellant from now on?”
“Holds water.”
human. This is all new to him. He needs help. He needs support. He needs his best friend. Dean nodded to himself. He could do that. Cas had done so much for them; it was time to return the favor. Once everything was settled, they’d talk. They had time. His angel was human now and Dean wouldn’t let this opportunity pass him by.
A few days later, Castiel stepped inside with his mail. There were the usual adds and a bill, but one envelope stood out. It looked like a card and since it wasn’t his birthday or near any holidays, he was intrigued. Castiel ripped open the enveloped to see a generic looking photo of a silhouette of a person jumping in the air in front of a sunset. The caption at the bottom read,
Eileen smirked and nodded behind Dean’s shoulder. “You sure?”
“So what do I do now?”
The older man handed him some papers and Castiel looked them over. “Do you recognize these?”
The line moved forward a bit and Dean wasn’t sure if he should say any more, but one glance back at Castiel and his hopeful expression had him caving. “I know more than you think. He wasn’t lying when he said he didn’t want to go.”
Castiel taps the counter while looking towards Dean’s bedroom door. Dean drank quite heavily the night before and since they’d been stuck inside, he’s been waking up closer to lunch on most days. It was only 10 AM, Castiel had plenty of time to read without getting caught.
Dean settled beside him on the couch and rubbed his back. “I’m glad I’m here too. You wanna talk about it?”
“Yes, but-”
Castiel put a hand on his shoulder. “I know, but I just started looking and got a bit carried away. There should be one more thing in there.”
“My, my Castiel. Do you kiss your mother with that mouth? Oh I forgot, she’s dead. She probably wouldn’t want you to anyway since you spend all your free time sucking c—”
Dean fixed Cas some breakfast. After eating, he helped him put all of his ex’s clothes into trash bags and set them on the curb. Dean was all for burning them (honestly, who owned that many v-necks?) but Cas decided they’d look better with the rest of the garbage. They also did drag the mattress out and set the sheets on the back porch to burn with all the photos Cas had found of the two of them. The spent the rest of the day combing through the entire house and leaving anything Cas didn’t want in the growing pile by the curb.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Well you are about to be a grandmother…” Gabriel smirked.
“Gabe.”
“I promise, it’ll be a lot of fun.” Dean checked his watch. “Hey look, Lisa usually doesn’t feed Ben before we meet up. We were gonna go grab some lunch down in the café. You two wanna join us? We can get to know each other a little better and then the kids can get right back to playing after.”
“I promise, I got no intention of hurting your dad. He’s pretty awesome. If I’m lucky, he’ll want to keep me around for a while.”
“Likewise. So… horse…?” he trailed off with a vague gesture.
Castiel’s visit with the neurologist was terrible. He waited for two hours and had to call work to let them know. Mr. Adler was not happy and Balthazar texted him soon after that Raphael had overheard and was strutting around the office like the cat that got the canary.
Just after eleven PM, Dean’s messenger chimed.
He turned to search for Castiel again and smiled when he found him. The man gave him a little wave, which he returned. “I really do.”
“Not really. I assume you have a reason for your actions. I may not be able to fully empathize with you, but I’d like to try.”
“He can do that? Cool. Why the heart rate?”
He’d hardly seen the man since that first day. Thrilled to see that he’d lucked out on such an attractive neighbor, he had been about to walk over and introduce himself when the man had turned away from him. Figuring he was either busy or just not interested in getting to know his neighbors like some people were, he didn’t bother. No excuse now though.
Castiel winced as a loud scream was amplified through his hearing aids. He set the twins’ tenth birthday cake down on the patio table before reaching up to change the preset on the devices behind his ears. He felt a nudge against his leg and looked down to see his service dog, an Australian Shepherd named Storm, watching the children chase each other around the yard. Castiel sat down and watched his family and friends milling around while scratching his dog behind the ears. He thought about how much had changed over the last six years.
seen Indiana Jones?” What rock had this guy been living under?
That caught Castiel off guard. “That’s very kind of you Dean, but I don’t really know you.”
Pink stained his husband’s cheeks and he stood quickly. “Oh! Right.” His eyes were intently studying the ceiling as Patience had already moved to pull off her shirt. He stumbled into the hall and Castiel snickered as he shut the door behind him. “Asshole.”
Thanksgiving was an intimate affair. The kids weren’t entirely sure what was going on, even though their fathers had tried to explain, but they understood food and were excited. Dean made four pies with Patience’s help. Though, the little girl needed to have her hair shampooed twice by the time they finished. Ellen, Bobby, Sam, and Gabriel joined them for dinner and the girls decided that it would be an excellent idea to give their uncles a makeover after the last plate was cleared. Everyone had a laugh at Sam and Gabriel’s expense and more than a few photos were taken (“Christmas card material, Sammy!”). All in all, their first Thanksgiving together was a success.
“Do you have a spare bedroom?”
Dean chewed his lip and frowned. “You need a support network man. What if you need help?”
“They said it was trademarked to the Saints and since they owned all team trademarks…” he trained off making a vague hand gesture. “Anyway, the whole thing was bullshit. They don’t own the phrase. People been using it since the 1800s.”
“You’ve got to be kidding me.”
Castiel’s health was still iffy, though his illness had calmed somewhat. The vertigo spells were now few and far between. His balance, however, was terrible. It was as if he were perpetually drunk. He couldn’t stand still for long without swaying and he constantly stumbled around. He had caved and gone back to vestibular rehab, but it didn’t help much. Storm helped balance him when he felt unsteady. Dean and Katie had conspired five years ago to get the dog before surprising Castiel with the young puppy. Katie helped with the training and Castiel didn’t know where he’d be today without his dog.
“Yes.”
Castiel beamed. “Cain helped me make it.”
Claire lifted her head. “Are you coming too?”
Castiel felt a weight lift off his chest he hadn’t even realized was there. Katie somehow said exactly what he needed to hear. There was no “wrong” way to cope with this major change. It was alright to be upset; to get angry. It was alright to be happy; to try and be normal. He could feel however he wanted. For the first time since he got sick, he felt truly hopeful. He was going to be ok.
Dean spent the next two hours in Blockbuster. The guy, who he found out was named Castiel, was not kidding when he said his pop culture knowledge was lacking. Almost every movie Dean picked up, he hadn’t seen or even heard of. He almost he a stroke when Castiel said he’d never seen Star Wars. He loaded the confused man up with at least twenty DVDs and made him promise to watch them. He himself got a few Eastwood movies and a copy of ‘It’ just to screw with Sam. When Castiel tried to check out without buying any popcorn or candy, Dean took it as another opportunity to teach his new friend. This time about proper snack foods for the ultimate viewing experience.
He went through a few more e-mails before he came across one that stopped him in his tracks. His heart started pounding and he felt like he couldn’t catch his breath. Fingers slightly trembling, his clicked on the one that read, ‘Brazilian Council for Intercountry Adoption’.
“Nice to meet y’all. I’m Dean.”
“Good. Dean, I’d like you to meet someone. This is Katie. Katie, this is my husband, Dean.”
Months passed. Dean and WaywardAngel, whose most used character was a female night elf priest who went by Cassifrass (a nickname she said her brother gave her, though she told Dean to call her Cas), became the best of friends. It started with Cas showing Dean the best ways to level, how to use his professions to make money, better PVP strategies, etc. Once Dean was up to Cas’s level, they started doing quests and raiding together. Cas invited Dean to join her guild and soon he had a close group of online friends to chat and play the game with.
Jesse and Cesar had gone on their own trip to Brazil a few months prior. They adopted a two-year-old little boy who was completely deaf. The couple had been around the Winchesters long enough that they’d learned up a fair amount of sign language and their new son was picking up the language quickly. They currently stood chatting with Sam and Eileen while Sam’s youngest (also deaf) tried to sign with the little boy.
Weekends were spent preparing rooms for their children. All furniture was removed and the walls painted with primer. The carpets were newer since they had been replaced when they moved in four years prior, but they had them professionally cleaned and treated with stain blocker. Dean was ready to hire someone to paint murals on the walls and order themed furniture before Castiel stepped in and insisted on simpler things. They had no idea what the children liked and argued that instead they wait and let the kids decorate how they wanted when they arrived. Dean pouted for a few days before finally admitting Castiel was right. It still didn’t stop him from noticing the princess and unicorn items along with racecar and rock-n-roll décor filling up their Amazon wishlist.
Katie giggled. “Eloquent, isn’t he?” she stage-whispered to Castiel.
Several sets of eyes stared at him in disbelief. “Isn’t that enough?” Gordon asked.
“Will I get discounted meals there since I’m unemployed now?”
Dean grinned and moved to kneel next to her. As little of the language he understood, he responded as best he could. “You like?”
to be an angel. He wasn’t anymore. He could do human things and have human relationships and… stop.
WaywardAngel: Hi.
“Ah. Um, maybe next time,” he trailed off.
“He’s good. Still a giant.”
“Shut the fuck up Gabe. Just ask around will ya?”
“But there’s no cure. I’m always going to be like this.” Castiel angrily swiped at the tear that escaped down his cheek. “And I’m so fucking sick of crying!”
Impala67: theres actually a reason i like it so much
When Castiel and Dean speak to the children, assume the dialogue is in French.
“Ok.” He grabbed the cloth and felt Meg stand. “Wait! Don’t scare the kids. Please.”
tell him one day. Those thoughts tended to make concentrating on his meal very difficult.
“I’ll take it to my grave. See you later.”
“Unfortunately, I’ve gotten familiar with most of the staff here over the last few weeks.” Becky’s face fell before Castiel realized how his words might have been construed. Balthazar stared at him incredulously. “I—I just meant… you know… I wish I didn’t
“He’s not wrong. Whenever Eileen gets crafty, we sell out of her stuff quick. What are these Cas?” Dean held up one of the bees.
WaywardAngel: About?
Inside was a note that read:
“Um… I remember you doing this same thing to my back.” He groaned a bit. Damn, Cas sounded hot when he did that. “It feels nice. Why are we on the floor? Together?”
However, Dean was furious over the treatment Castiel had received at the ENT’s office. He had even called Sam to see if he could sue them but Castiel finally convinced him it wasn’t worth it.
Impala67: i started playing wow…
Sam came over also. “Damn she’s cute. What breed is this?” He started whistling to try and get her attention.
“Well, tough. Cause you are.” Castiel blushed and lowered his head. “So, what d’ya say Cas? Will you go out with me?”
Balthazar was dropped off first and then Castiel. Meg insisted on him being next even though she lived closer to Balthazar’s place than his. As Castiel stumbled out of the car, she whispered something in Gabriel’s ear which made the older man blush. Castiel was so shocked by the sight that he stood frozen as Gabriel said a quick goodbye before speeding away. Shaking himself out of his stupor, he walked up to his door and struggled with his keys before Ellen pulled the door open.
in forest green. So why the hell did he receive what was obviously a pair of women’s
When Castiel finally seemed to be done and had be reduced to whimpers and sniffles, Dean removed the bucket and wiped his friend’s face with the damp cloth before making him rinse his mouth out with more water. He got a dopey smile in response. “Thank you, Dean. I feel much better now.”
(See the end of the chapter for
His brother cleared his throat. Dammit. He was hoping Ellen would stick around as a buffer. Keeping his face set in an innocent smile, Castiel turned to his brother. “Hello Gabe. Surprised to see you. How’s Alfie? Thanks for meeting me here. I’m so beat, I don’t think I would have had enough energy to drive all the way to your shop. Adler has been on the warpath. That time of the year, you know. Wonder if Jo is here…” His rambling tapered off and he cast his eyes around the bar in feigned interest.
Dean deposited Castiel on the sofa. He lay on his side but the dizziness didn’t stop. It felt like his head had been replaced with a fishbowl and the water was sloshing back and forth. His stomach churned but thankfully not enough that he feared actually getting sick. It was then that he registered the low ringing and the pressure in his ears. They felt like they needed to pop. Before he could examine the feeling more, his husband reappeared with a glass of water. “Drink up, Cas.”
Castiel let out a huff of laughter before he frowned in confusion. Who the hell sent him this? He opened the card and read:
“Awesome. Let’s go.”
“Oh dear Lord!” Jo ran ahead.
The Boycott Bowl was
: Yes! Check it out:
“Maybe.” He sighed and stood. “Someone will come get you.”
Someone (and Dean was 99% positive who) had replaced his tire valve covers with ones shaped like dicks.
Just then, the starting signal sounded. Dean ripped his hand back and started to run.
“Thank you. Thank you so much.”
“Cool. Good to know.”
“You like him a lot huh?”
He rolled over to his back to sit up when a dark-haired man around his own age descended upon him. With a predatory look and a macabre grin, he lifted his gun and took aim. Dean raised his hands in a silent plea for mercy, but the stranger could not be reasoned with. With an almost silent chuckle, he pulled the trigger… and shot Dean right in the dick.
Cas chuckled. “Sounds great.”
How long had Dean felt this way? No, he can’t read this. He should talk to Dean instead of going behind his back.
Dean was just finishing changing the oil in a neon green Mustang (seriously who would buy this?) when his co-worker Ash tapped him on the shoulder. “Ya got a call on line three man.”
managed to get through to him. He struggled to get up with Dean’s help. By the time they made it to their room, Dean was practically carrying him. He collapsed on the bed and spaced out again until he felt Dean lift him and press a glass of water to his mouth. “Drink, babe.”
Castiel pulled Dean’s mouth back to his. Their kisses varied between heated and gentle and all the while both men simultaneously laughed and cried. They cuddled for a bit, whispering words of love to each other and bickering over what their baby would call them. Eventually, they started kissing again and Castiel completely forgot Gabriel’s earlier request to turn the camera off before doing anything inappropriate while it was still recording.
“I’m never leaving our bed again Cas,” came the muffled reply from the head smashed into the pillow.
“If you think you can help me with these attacks, I’m all for it.”
Eileen signed as Sam interpreted. “Sounds fun. We’re still having pizza, right?”
“Yea. Bout my height, dark, messy hair, bright blue eyes, deep ass voice.”
are going to go drink. Let’s grab Meg too. She’ll kill us if we go without her.”
Dean barely said goodbye before he went after Cas. He knocked on the door but got no answer. “Cas, buddy talk to me please.”
“Clarence is gonna flip.”
WaywardAngel: And for your information, I have a life. I have a boyfriend and own my own home thank you very much.
“Trip? Don’t they just… ship them to you?”
Dr. Adamson’s eyes clouded over in what Castiel recognized as pity. He’d been getting that look a lot lately and it was really starting to wear on him. “I wish I could give you definite answers Castiel. The truth is, everyone progresses differently with hydrops. I’m not going to lie to you; some people do go deaf, some don’t. The vertigo may stop one day and never come back or it might stay the same. I’ve specialized in this field for almost thirty years and I can honestly say that no two patients are alike.”
“I dunno man. This dude named Cas keeps messing with me. This the same guy that shot me in the dick this morning.”
Dean grinned. “Yea. Aren’t they somethin?”
Castiel joined the fun for a few minutes, burying each other and throwing handfuls of leaves, before he moved to the side of the house to finish cleaning up. Just as he stood up with some sticks in hand, he was hit with a head rush. The world tilted on its axis and he wobbled where he stood. He shuffled to lean on the side of the house and waited for the spell to pass. After a minute, the spinning hadn’t stopped, so he shouted for Dean.
“What is the matter with you? You’ve been ignoring me all day. You even ignored my phone calls. I saw you look at your phone when it rang.” Dean chewed his lip and stared at the ground. “Did I do something? I know I’m bad at social cues—”
Another scream had him turning back towards the children. Patience sat under the shade of a tree with Claire and Kevin. The girls each had a sketchbook out while Kevin watched them draw. The three had grown very close over the years and they could almost always be found together. Patience was doing very well in school. She was on the honor roll and had joined the student council. She had also joined the student orchestra with Kevin several years prior. Patience had chosen the clarinet and Kevin went with the cello. Claire decided she’d rather join the choir and it was always a treat to listen when the three decided to rehearse together.
Folding a pair of Max’s shorts, Castiel gazed at the little beds and a sense of warmth spread through his chest. Dean looked up from his own pile of toddler clothes. “You ok babe?”
Jaqueline gave them an indulgent smile. “That’s ok. Today will be quick. Your visits here with them will get longer and less structured over the next two weeks until you take them home. Now, let’s begin.”
to be here. That I wasn’t sick...” He shifted his weight nervously.
It seems their mother, Rosine, was originally from the Congo and had immigrated to the north of Brazil and settled in the city of Belém nearly a decade before. Their father, Nicholas, was from French Guiana. He was killed in a car accident when the twins were babies. Their mother then moved to the city of Recife in the state of Pernambuco shortly before dying of cancer six months ago. The children spoke very little Portuguese and instead spoke French. It was in part why the siblings were matched with them, since Castiel was fluent in the language. The only hang up was Max. The poor boy had not spoken a word since his mother passed. Before the final approval to take the children home, they would have to make sure they had a child psychologist in the area willing to work with him. They sent the agency an e-mail saying they were willing to take the children and included a promise to follow up with the info of a therapist when they found one.
“Three-“ How was that possible? “What happened, Dean?”
She gave him a cheeky grin. “You both did.”
“Ugh, don’t call me that. Lemme go change.” She did a little pirouette before winking and leaving through a side door.
“Hi Castiel. Nice to meet you.” Eileen also waved hello before Castiel led them back to the living room. He joined Dean on the floor next to the coffee table. Sam was confused to see them sharing a blanket with Monopoly spread out on the table in front of them.
Well now. They actually didn’t look too bad. He looked pretty damn good as a matter of fact. The lace wasn’t
Dean hadn’t planned on heading out to the Old Point bar to watch the game. He was running a little low in his account this month and he had beer at home along with a nice entertainment system. It would be fine. But… he’d left his window open. Every time a big play happened, he could hear his neighbors hooting and hollering. Who was he kidding? He hated watching games alone. They were always best watched with others. That’s why he gave up around half time and after throwing on his Saints jersey, finally walked the three blocks to his favorite bar.
Eventually, the pandemic ends. Castiel never moves back in with Meg.
Impala67: Cas? do u want me to come spend the weekend with u?
Castiel wrapped his arms around him and inhaled deeply, taking in the scent of Dean’s hair. “Me too.” He felt his husband’s breath even out and followed him to sleep soon after.
“Hmm.”
“That’s for interrupting my practice, asshole.” She spoke through clenched teeth. “And you’ll get another if you make fun of me.”
, the box was filled with half a dozen types of penis-shaped candy. Gummies, suckers, mints, and was that…? No!
“Can it, Gabe. Help your brother take this food to the car and get back in here. We gotta talk about food for the baby shower.”
Dean huffed a laugh. “Yea. I had no idea she was so prejudiced until she met my friend Charlie; she’s a lesbian. Lisa was pretty bitchy to her when she heard that and then when I told her I was bi, she ended it right there. Found out she was pregnant a few months later. She tried to deny me visitation, but my brother’s a pretty good lawyer and the judge wasn’t having any of her nonsense.”
birthday. Family was supposed to spoil the kids a little, right?
At first, they reasoned Castiel was getting a cold or the flu, but he never got any other symptoms, so that was ruled out. There was a possibility it was his West Nile flaring up, but that seemed unlikely. Bobby even brought over his blood pressure monitor to check him during an attack, but other than a slight elevation of his heart rate, there wasn’t much change.
“Nothing. Dinner sounds great.” Breathe Dean.
Dean left the puppy with his mom and brother while he took care of all the paperwork. Then he picked out a few things from the attached pet supply shop for the puppy. He didn’t need much. He had been squirreling supplies away at his parents’ house for months now. He did get her a fancy black leather collar with pink diamonds and matching leash plus some of the same pet food she’d been eating at the shelter.
“Ah, Castiel. Sit.”
Turning slightly to acknowledge the man, Castiel replied curtly, “Brazil.”
Dean dried his hands quickly and grabbed a spare bucket from under the sink. He walked over to Cas and moved his hands to grab it. “You drank too much. Hold this, you need water.”
“One question.” Castiel put on his most serious expression.
Castiel was shocked and more than touched at Claire’s attempt to protect him. A pleasant warmth spread through his chest and he felt tears prickle his eyes. Dean nodded. “I’ll do my best kiddo.” He gave Castiel a soft smile. “Your dad means a lot to me.”
Impala67: yep
“This is nowhere near the same thing, babe. My dad would disappear and we had nobody else. You’re still here even if you’re not feeling well. Don’t forget that I’m here too and we have siblings, grandparents, cousins, and friends we can always call on. Patience helping out does not mean she’s raising Alicia and Max.”
Dean remained silent and let Castiel field that question. “Why would you assume that?”
Now it was Castiel’s turn to be shocked. “What? No I didn’t.”
Dean looked startled to have been caught even though he should know better by now. “Yea. Just tired.” Castiel narrowed his eyes and arched a brow. “Shit. Ok, I’m a little upset but I don’t want to talk about it now. We’re both tired and we need to sleep.”
“Ok.”
“Horses are the only other animal approved by the ADA. They’re better for mobility work.” Castiel was slightly startled by the voice on his other side. He turned to see Katie sitting next to him smiling politely. She was quite pretty. She had full, pink lips; bright, sea-foam green eyes; and she sported a small nose piercing.
“I’ll believe that when I see it.” Dean responded by sticking out his tongue, which only reinforced Castiel’s original assessment.
Sam cried while pulling Castiel and Dean in for tight hugs. Ellen’s daughter Jo was next and eagerly offered babysitting services whenever they needed them. Their friend Benny, who worked at the garage and part-time at the Roadhouse, and his wife Andrea were also there along with Dean’s other co-workers: Garth and Jesse and his husband Cesar. Several of Castiel’s cousins were able to attend. From his mother’s side there was Alfie, who worked with Gabriel when he wasn’t attending class, Hannah, and Anna. From his father’s side there was Michael and Lucifer.
Dean stuttered out an answer as Castiel continued moving his finger. “J-just a l-little.”
Dean smirked. “We did what we do. Gave that store so much business they went from a tiny, one room shop to a thriving business. They’ve got five or six locations now. Nobody tells New Orleanians what to do.”
Castiel squinted at him. Normally it was cute, but now it was obvious he was just having trouble focusing. “What happens tomorrow?”
A familiar laugh drew his eyes over to Katie and Balthazar. That pairing had surprised him, but they worked well together and loved each other dearly. Castiel was shocked when Balthazar had first shown an interest in Katie as he was very protective of his new friend. Balthazar was a notorious playboy who rarely took life seriously and he didn’t want to see Katie get hurt. He didn’t want to admit it at the time, but he didn’t think Balthazar would want to “deal” with something as serious as a partner with chronic health conditions. Dean finally convinced him that Katie was a big girl who could take care of herself and that his meddling may cost him a friend. He’s glad he listened. They had been together for more than five years, married for three, and Balthazar was completely devoted to her. He currently stood behind her chair massaging her shoulders and relaying any words she missed while they talked to Castiel’s cousins. Falcon stood nearby surrounded by a few of the kids and seemed to be enjoying the attention.
“So, the technical name for Meniere’s disease is Primary Endolymphatic Hydrops with an idiopathic process. It’s the same illness with a different trigger. In secondary hydrops, the disease is triggered by an outside source; illness, injury, infection. The damage to the endolymphatic sac is done and it results in the vertigo and other symptoms you’ve been having. With primary hydrops, or Meniere’s disease, an otherwise healthy ear is damaged due to unknown reasons. Although, research is leaning towards an autoimmune disorder. Anyway, the damage happens slowly over months or years. Many people with Meniere’s have violent attacks that come with vomiting, sweating, shaking, even incontinence in some. Over time as more damage is done and function in the inner ear is reduced, those symptoms lesson to a general unsteadiness and milder vertigo spells.”
Rubbing the excess moisture from his eyes (when had
“Not. I’ve got plans with Eileen later anyway.”
Ellen pushed him out on the porch and shut the door behind her. “Boy, are you drunk? Did you drive here?!”
“But- he must feel so alone…”
“Get him a thank you gift if you’re that worried about it.”
“Yes, ma’am.”
He steeled himself before eventually getting undressed. He stood naked and reached for the underwear. He became nervous again as he stared at the bow on the front. What the hell had he been thinking?
“Yea.”
Impala67: its actually a really awesome game
Pulling into the parking lot of the strip mall, he sent up a silent prayer of thanks that both of the stores he needed to visit were in the same place and that they were on his way to the Roadhouse so he wouldn’t have to double back.
“Not really.”
“Don’t. I wasn’t completely lying. Dogs like her are usually sent to specialty rescues. She would have been too if the director didn’t know how long you’ve been trying to find the perfect puppy.”
Dean cleared his throat. “So, he’s really a service animal?”
“Bitch.”
“Wha-?” He whirled around to look at Jo when she started cackling like a mad woman behind him.
All along the aisle were bright yellow tags proclaiming all movies to be $2. Standing right in front of the action flicks was a dark-haired guy wearing a trench coat. He was holding a DVD and was studying the case very intently. He almost appeared to be scowling as he read the description with narrowed eyes. “Hey.”
Aside from the air quotes, this guy looked dead serious. If Dean wasn’t so nervous, he’d have said it was hot as hell. That voice and that face. Oh, how he’d beg for this man…
Meg scoffed, “Puh-lease. We’ve kept the secret this long haven’t we? Although we may have to do something bout Becky. If Cas wasn’t deaf, there’d be no way to hide her inhuman screeching.”
Her eyes widened. “That’s rare. And a definite possibility. Like I said, this isn’t my specialty.” She pulled out a card from her desk and handed it over. “This is a friend of mine. He’s a neurotologist. His specialty is working with neurological disorders of the inner ear and he would definitely have more answers for you.”
Castiel took a small sip of water before glaring and sticking out his lip in a small pout. “That’s stupid. Why do I feel so bad?”
“Dad actually went in there?”
his dad did when he dumped them in a motel room and disappeared for a while. That story was sure to raise eyebrows and he didn’t want to risk losing Sam again. Once was more than enough.
sake.
just saying that to make you feel better. You are my best friend, but I would like it if we could be more than that. Castiel, would you
The other man squeezed his left arm and leaned in the whisper in his ear, “Do not be late.”
Dean’s eyes flashed dangerously and before he could react, Castiel found himself being shoved inside and pressed against the wall of his entryway. “You son of a bitch. The mail? The yard? Fine, whatever. But no one--” He leaned in closer and Castiel could smell a hint of mint on his breath. “No. One. Messes with my Baby.”
They’d started this process over eighteen months ago and it was finally happening. Dean was going to be thrilled. A touch on his arm caused him to drop his hands as he looked up at Meg. She had an expression of concern on her face and the look was so foreign on the normally snarky woman that Castiel let out a startled laugh.
“Generally, yes. It’s like hearing loss. Some people lose their hearing from loud noise and some because of a degenerative condition. Different causes with similar outcomes. Of course, with both forms of hydrops, inner ear function will continue to decline if the pressure keeps increasing. Meniere’s patients sometimes need more intervention in the form of steroid shots to the inner ear or sac decompression surgery. The sac can even be removed, but we only do that in extreme circumstances as it causes deafness and permanent imbalance. Secondary hydrops usually doesn’t require such invasive treatments.”
“Really?” Castiel’s face had lit up.
One evening around five months after starting said friendship, Cas didn’t show up for a raid. The rest of their group was gathered and waiting, but after an hour Cas was still a no-show. Dean and a few other guild members tried messaging her, but she never responded. Eventually, the rest gave up and found a replacement for their missing healer but Dean chose to not join them; he was too worried.
be upset. Someone else’s life experiences do not invalidate yours. And please don’t assume you know how I feel. I’m cutting you slack this time, but don’t do it again. I’ve had eight years to get used to being sick. I still break down sometimes. I cry and beat the crap out of my punching bag. Being happy is a conscious choice I have to make all the time. But that’s how I choose to deal. I’m not some inspiration or example because I choose to smile when I want to cry. You hearing me?”
Castiel narrowed his eyes at the other man. “Once again Bal, your lack of tact astounds me.”
Castiel didn’t move. He just sat there, staring at the wall. All these months and he finally had an answer. He was relieved but also upset. This didn’t sound like it would kill him, but there was also no fixing it. He didn’t want to be like this forever. His lip trembled and he felt Dean’s hand on his shoulder.
The first time Dean laid eyes on Castiel Novak was in the heat of battle.
“You- you’ve
“Yes. It was mild and the higher tones were better.”
Impala67: ive tried a few times. starting to get the hang of it
“What’s that?”
The walk back was quiet. The second the front door closed, Dean started yelling. He paced and snarled, all the while cursing whoever thought separating siblings was a good idea. Castiel knew his husband would run out of steam eventually. He waited on the couch until Dean slumped down beside him and laid his head on Castiel’s shoulder. “Sorry, Cas.”
“I said, I shouldn’t be complaining. You’ve got a lot more to deal with than I do and you’re handling way better than I am.” He huffed and stared at the floor.
Well that was simple. Why did so many other doctors have trouble with this? “Alright.”
By the time they had showered and dressed, there was an hour left until their appointment. It was only a twenty-minute walk but they left anyway to explore a bit. They moved slowly and Dean teased Castiel for taking so many pictures but would then point out a new thing for him to photograph. They were pleasantly surprised to find a park a block away from the house where the kids could play and discovered a few more little stores they agreed to check out later.
“He’s parking the car.” Castiel looked around the room. There was a table laden with food and drinks off to the side and about twenty chairs set in a circle in the middle of the room. There were around thirty people present, most of them older, and he idly wondered if there were enough seats.
Dean crosses his arms to fight the slight tremble he can feel starting in his hands. “So… how much of that did you, uh, you know… see?”
“Castiel is my business.”
He opened his mouth to speak but stopped when she arched a brow. Ducking his head, he grabbed the bag before walking quickly out the door with Gabriel on his heels.
And Katie. I had always planned to add her in at the end and I'd always planned for her to have those two illnesses. I've had MD for eight years now and only met a handful of people with these two competing health problems. I kept musing how awful that would be and vowed to honor them with Katie. I wasn't counting on getting diagnosed with POTS also this summer. So, I unintentionally pulled a Vonnegut and wrote myself into the story. Fabulous.
There were a few more forms to sign, some final interviews, and a few vaccines they had to get, but they finally got the all clear and booked their flights.
Was this because he had asked him to keep the noise down once it got late? No. That couldn’t be it. Dean hadn’t seemed upset when they’d spoken; quite the opposite, in fact. What other reason though would he have for sending this?
Dean chuckled and signed back, “No Cas.” He looked around and called out “Come out you two!”
Mary came closer and cooed. “Dean she’s beautiful. Castiel will be thrilled.”
“Gabe?! Am I dying?” Dean would never let Gabriel drive his car.
He explained all of this to Dean who listened intently. He understood the stigma that came along with being bi and said he had no problem with Cas being demi. He’d had more than his share of flings and was interested in something more serious. He took Castiel’s hand and shyly confessed how much he liked him and that he would wait as long as he needed to. This time when they parted ways, it was Castiel who placed a light kiss on Dean’s lips.
“Dean, let me introduce my brother, Cassie.”
Dean. You’re going to see them nude quite often. They’re not old enough to be self-sufficient.”
“Hmm. You could always ask Charlie about it.”
“I get it.”
When the day came to pick up the children, they chose to take a taxi. Even though the agency was so close, Castiel and Dean weren’t yet comfortable enough in their abilities to navigate several blocks with three small children plus their belongings.
Cas squinted at him. “What do you mean?”
Dean shot him a mock scowl. “Hey man, being a handmaiden is hard work!”
Satisfied in his reasonings, Castiel scrolls to the beginning.
“It’s not my story to tell kiddo. Just trust me, your dad still cares.”
Dean perked up. “You like Star Wars?” He nudged Castiel. “I approve.”
Castiel grunted. “Yes I am and no I didn’t. Gabe brought me. Now, let me in.”
“Anytime, Cas.”
He set the burgers and pie on the passenger seat before turning back to his brother. “Thanks again for the pie, Gabe.”
wasn’t the right thing to say. Castiel scrambled for a response. He didn’t want to cause problems with another parent, but he couldn’t let her continue flirting with him. “Yes, it’s a good program. Um, my ex-h-husband found it when Claire was little.”
Dean sucked in a breath. “Uh, I… I’m not…” What was it about this guy that had Dean so twisted up? At another arched brow from Castiel, Dean stopped talking.
“If you had told them your symptoms, they would not have scheduled you with him. Ask for his son next time. I promise, he’s completely different.”
Impala67: yea, yea. laugh it up
Eileen elbowed Sam and gave a sharp nod in Dean’s direction. “Um, she’s not wrong Dean. You forget, deaf people are really good at reading body language. I’ve gotten pretty good too. You guys aren’t subtle. Really, we like Cas. You don’t need to lie.”
Castiel resisted the urge to roll his eyes. Raphael always referred to their department head by his first name in what Castiel could only assume was his attempt to imply he outranked everyone, which he didn’t. Facing Raphael fully now, he fought to keep his tone somewhat cordial. “My husband and I have just been approved for adoption and will be going to get our new child. Mr. Adler is aware that we are going through this process and knows how long I will be required to be out of the office.”
“He does. And Falcon is trained to do several things. Mobility work, picking up dropped items, and he monitors my heart rate.”
His beautiful green eyes were so full of hope. Dean had put up with a lot these past few months and he had never once complained. Never got upset if Castiel didn’t have to energy to cook or do laundry. He didn’t get irritated at having to take over more than his share of the parenting duties or if Castiel was too ill to take advantage of their already limited opportunities for sex. Dean had been taking care of everyone, but who had been taking care of Dean? The last thing he deserved was to be yelled at.
Both men whipped around at the small voice behind them. Claire stood there with wide eyes. Castiel stood slowly and walked to her. “Oh, Claire Bear. I didn’t want to find out like that.”
Cas stumbled and giggled the whole way until he collapsed on his bed with a sigh. Dean left him for a minute to retrieve the bucket and yet another bottle of water. Cas hadn’t moved and was just staring at the opposite wall. “Cas. You gotta get comfortable. At least get those jeans off.”
“Of course. Let’s do a quick neurological exam.”
Jack was much happier since the adoption. The death of his mother and the stress of his grandfather’s health had taken their toll on the boy. Once he was settled, and after several months of therapy with Charlie, he was able to relax and be a child again. He still saw his grandparents almost daily and had three new siblings to play with. Castiel and Dean didn’t ask him to call them by anything other than their first names, but he had slipped and called them Dad and Pop a few times. It was just as exciting as when the others had started calling them that and it warmed Castiel’s heart every time.
“Turn around love,” Castiel murmured as he removed his hand. The two men shuffled around until Dean was facing the wall with his hips cocked up. He wiggled his ass impatiently. “Brat.”
He unlocked the front door to his half of the duplex and walked through the little shotgun house to his kitchen. “You want a beer?” he called.
That was it. The Saints were robbed of their trip to the Superbowl. There was a lot of cursing still, several people left in anger, and one guy bought everyone a round of shots. He and Cas accepted their shots before he couldn’t handle it anymore and pulled Cas towards the exit.
Patience sniffed and pulled back with a watery smile. “Ok Papa. Thank you.”
“She was brought in a week ago. She’s perfectly healthy and as you can see, very social. She’s a purebred but the breeders didn’t think they could sell her like this.”
“Long story.”
“You called me Cas.”
She stared at Castiel and then Dean. “Yes.”
“Yes.”
Dean led him outside where Castiel suspected he was also paying the man. It was nice of him to play along. They returned shortly and Ash put their new tortoise into the box.
“I know. I’ll explain everything when you’re older, but I promise Claire Bear, I never wanted to leave our family.”
“Really? That is odd.”
“Sure. Where are those pumpkin leaf bags?”
“Loverboy is fine.” He heard her take an excited breath, “I think I found the one Dean.”
Balthazar lifted a hand in surrender. “Calm down, Cassie. Just trying to lighten the mood.” Castiel looked away.
That was unexpected. “Oh. That must have been interesting.”
“I really do need to go Gabe.”
Dean chuckled, “Not sorry I missed that. I’ll see you later.”
“I gave up trying to figure out your brother.”
“I know. I’m sorry Castiel, but it’s not just this. You’ve been missing a lot of work lately and Raphael and some other colleagues have noticed you’ve been increasingly distracted ever since you came back from Brazil. And now with this error… I’m afraid we can’t ignore something like this.”
Claire studied his face. He wasn’t sure what she was looking for, but after a few minutes, she smiled softly. “Yea. We can try. You don’t seem so bad. For an old guy anyway.”
His and Cas’s schedules lined up pretty well. It turned out they only lived around two hundred miles apart and they were generally online at the same time. In between gameplay, they would message each other on Skype. They talked about everything. It was shockingly easy to open up to a faceless person on the internet. The pair shared similar interests in movies and TV shows. Their tastes in music were vastly different and they spent hours sharing links to different songs trying to educate the other in good music. They talked about their families. Dean found out Cas had two brothers, both older, and neither of her parents approved of her lifestyle; though she chose not to elaborate on that point. She talked about her boyfriend Balthazar (what kind of stupid name was that?) who Dean thought sounded like a douche. Eventually Cas admitted that part of the reason she snapped at Dean the first time they talked was because Balthazar had been teasing her about how much time she spent online and she was just venting her frustrations (even though Dean had admitted repeatedly that he had been an ass at the time too).
That was as far as he read. He could no longer see through the tears gathering in his eyes. He covered his face and his shoulders shook as he let out a small sob.
Castiel stayed seated a few more minutes to finish his coffee before washing both of their mugs and cleaning out the coffee maker. Walking back into the bedroom, he heard the shower running and stripped out of his clothes. When he stepped into the bathroom, the steam was already quite heavy. He rifled through his toiletry bag before pulling out a tube of shower-safe lubricant.
Dean stared at him in shock. “Babe, stop. Your cousins are assholes and so is your doctor. Charlie said she didn’t believe that right?”
“I guess.”
“How can that get damaged?”
Castiel sagged a little in relief. “Oh, good. Um, good. Well, thank you and, uh, it was nice meeting you, Dean.”
“It’s what I do babe,” Dean said with a cheeky grin. “I’m gonna go throw these on the grill.”
The tall kid lit up with a smile. “Sure friend. Have a seat.” Dean put his stuff down and returned the smile. “I’m Garth. This is Meg and Castiel.” He pointed to the other two.
“Dean, it’s fine. You don’t need to try and spare my feelings.”
As they worked, Dean admitted that he had assumed Cas was female this entire time. Cas could hardly believe it. “But you often called me ‘dude’ or ‘man’ (God those finger quotes would be the death of him) when we spoke.”
“So, you can’t do anything?”
“Yes.”
While Meg was very chatty about all things work, she refused to give an explanation for her behavior with Gabriel. She simply stated that he had dropped her off and that was all, but quickly changed the subject whenever it came up. Gabriel was oddly tight-lipped about the incident as well.
“Well, we can do a few more tests today if you can stay a bit longer. Others will have to be scheduled. I’ve got some literature here you can read. I want you to start eating a restricted sodium diet. Try to keep it under fifteen hundred milligrams a day. I’m also going to write some prescriptions. One is a diuretic to try and flush out any excess sodium and the other is for Valium.”
“I have no idea. Never met him before. Don’t even know what frat he’s in.”
this! The therapy is just a band-aid for
“I can take a bit of leave.”
He turned the see the man shifting nervously. “Yea?”
Castiel sniffled. “It’s ok Dean. I understand. I’ll just pack up my stuff.”
symptom. It’s not going to stop me from getting dizzy. It’s just so I can learn to live around it. I’m still going to be broken.” He raked his fingers through his hair and gripped tightly, using the slight pain to try and ground himself.
He tried to smile. “Papa’s ok baby.” From the looks he was getting, he knew he wasn’t understood.
“So why are you already talking about quitting?” Dean furrowed his brows.
The next week was spent meeting with their caseworker from the local agency and their immigration lawyer to fill out forms with the children’s information to petition U.S. Citizen and Immigration Services to find them eligible to immigrate. They met with possible therapists for Max and with their local school board to see if they could provide services for Patience until she became more fluent in English or if they would have to find a private tutor in the interim.
“Yea well, I’m normally a pretty easy-going guy. You really pushed me to my breaking point man.”
After nearly an entire day of travel, Castiel and Dean finally arrived in Recife. They were both exhausted and as soon as the taxi driver dropped them off at the condo they were renting, they collapsed on their bed (“I don’t even care that this isn’t memory foam, Cas”) and passed out.
“What?”
. There was screaming, cursing, and not a happy face in sight. Everyone from those covered in body paint to the grey-haired fans were all feeling the same rage. Castiel stood stock-still, mouth open in shock. He turned to Dean and blurted out a disbelieving, “What the fuck? This is absurd.”
Be kind to each other. You never know what a person may be struggling with. Stay wonderful AO3 peeps! <3
Dean spoke up. “I think I read about Men- Menye- that one when Cas first got sick. It said the vertigo is usually pretty violent with throwing up and stuff.”
WaywardAngel: i promised i;; stay wake. ill leave key unddr pot in cccase
), he’d been grossed out. It was a turd. Or at least it looked like one. Upon closer inspection, he was relieved to see that it was actually not poop, but what looked like compressed… dirt? (He hoped)
“So, when are you leaving?”
“I told you; the sac that is causing these issues is one of the mechanisms responsible for balance. The body has three systems; the ears and its balance organs, the eyes, and the input from your nerves from where your body touches the ground. You need at least two of those functioning properly to keep your balance. Since the sac in the cochlea is damaged, Castiel’s body is relying on sight and the contact of his feet on the ground. When he closes his eyes, the body only has one system left.”
The test turned out to be an EEG to check for seizures. Other than the one he had when he fell ill several months ago, Castiel had never had seizures before. The tech explained that some people could have seizure activity in the brain without the stereotypical body convulsions everyone related to seizures. While interesting to learn, that was not the problem as his EEG was normal. He was sent on his way with a clean bill of health.
“True, but she didn’t say anything about cancer.”
The rest of the guests showed up in quick succession. Sam came next and Dean put him to work helping set up the projector to show photos and videos from their trip. Balthazar called to cancel due to what he said was food poisoning (but everyone knew that was code for a hangover or a weekend hookup he wasn’t done with yet). Benny took over grill duty while Andrea joined Jo and Meg in conversation. Garth carpooled with Cesar and Jesse and had brought an obnoxious bunch of balloons. Gabriel and Alfie arrived with a large cake and a few dozen cupcakes. Castiel’s cousins, Hannah and Anna, were able to make it as well.
“Just my brother but he lives across the state. My parents disowned me when I came out and all of Balth’s family live in England. It’s ok. Claire and I are fine on our own.”
Cas slipped the envelope into his lockbox. “Thank you, Dean. I need some more apples and blueberries as well for the flavored honeys.”
“Good…”
“Well, it helps that you’re really cute when you get angry.”
Ellen made a sympathetic noise and pulled him into a hug. “I’m sorry, honey.” She pulled back. “It’ll be alright. I never liked you workin’ there anyway. It didn’t make you happy.”
“Yes!” Castiel nearly shouted.
WaywardAngel: Touche. My apologies.
“Cas, that’s not the same.” Dean looked at him intently and licked him lips. Castiel tracked the movement. “What if you get sick? What if a pipe bursts in your house and you need a place to stay? What if your car breaks down?”
“You’re right. Besides, the only one who was shining that day was Sam.”
Dean gave him a fond smile. “I know. I can hardly believe it either.” He held up one of Max’s shirts that sported a Batman logo. “This crap is so cute. I can’t wait to spoil the shit outta them Cas.”
it. I can’t make it better. I just want you to be happy, baby. What am I supposed to do?”
Castiel let out a few more quiet sobs after that and wrapped his arms around Dean. They sat unmoving for several minutes until Cas started to feel heavy in his arms. Dean pulled back and his friend blinked sleepily at him. “Why don’t you sleep now? We’ll talk more tomorrow if you want to ok?” Cas just nodded and lay back down. Dean pulled the blankets up and made sure the bucket was nearby just in case.
“Oh, yea, sure. See you ‘round, Cas.” Dean turned to continue to the trash can.
The next few years were still filled with pranks- they just tended to be confined to each other’s homes. The only exception was when Naomi went out of town. Then all bets were off.
“What-”
Dean put his phone on speaker as he bent down to tie his boots. “Hello?”
“You two get along well.” Eileen signed.
Castiel refused to look at him. “You could say that.”
Impala67: i actually took ur advice
Ellen lifted a finger to cut him off. “Boy, don’t even start. You should know better by now. Hurry home before your dinner gets cold.”
By the time he returned, Cas had set up his tables and was unpacking jars of honey. Dean set down the coffee and started to help. Castiel tried to wave him off. “I’ve got it Dean. Go finish at your station.”
room) on Friday nights because it was just silly to keep travelling back and forth.
an asshole; one I hope Cas-“
“What else do you love, beautiful Becky?”
“Yes. Thank you. How is Sam?”
excuse to give someone a fine. I mean, haven’t you seen her walking around with a measuring tape checking the length of the grass?”
That hurt more than he thought it would. A glance at Dean told him his husband had understood enough and was nervously chewing his lip. “Well, instead of a mommy and a daddy, you get two daddies. We love each other very much and got married just like mommies and daddies do.”
Castiel reached up to stroke Dean’s hair. “It’s ok. I’m angry too. Just two more weeks and they’ll be here with us and they’ll never have to be separated again.”
gay.”
Once in the front yard, Castiel pulled out one of the bags. Patience giggled when she saw the silly pumpkin face and watched him open it up. He raked some surrounding leaves into a small pile and then scooped then into the bag. “You see? When it’s filled up, it will look like this.” He turned the box to show her the picture on the front.
WaywardAngel: Do you PVP?
“Ha!” Dean shouted and pointed an accusing finger. “I knew it was you!”
The man in question turned at the sound of his name. “You need somethin babe?”
Dean scoffed. “Really? You ask me to keep the noise down and the next day I’m getting a letter? Hell of a coincidence.”
: Trust me Cas. It’s for the best
Castiel snorted. “What’s Moondoor?”
standing at her side. Castiel walked back over to Colette in confusion.
As they walked, Cas’s hand may have “accidentally” grabbed Dean’s and Dean may have been to “distracted” by their conversation to pull away.
“Apparently.” Castiel turned to Patience. He spoke in English, then repeated in French. “Let’s go see your room.”
He all but stormed down the sidewalk towards his house only occasionally checking that Castiel was following. He could feel the other man studying him, but he remained silent. This was it. This thing between them would be over before it even started. This was one of the reasons Lisa left. She said his football obsession was ‘unhealthy’. What the hell was wrong with being passionate about something? It wasn’t like he blew all his money on merchandise; he just liked to watch all the games and occasionally, ok
She gave them a warm smile. “My name is Jaqueline Montes, your agency representative. Please follow me.”
Alicia’s English was improving also, though she blended the two languages in odd ways which made it difficult for even Castiel to understand her at times. Their daughter could throw some impressive (and loud) fits and it wasn’t always clear if that was because of the language barrier or if she was simply being a toddler who didn’t get her way. When she wasn’t screeching, she was an affectionate and adventurous child. The little girl loved playing outside and made good use of their large yard. Her favorite place was the sandbox and every night they had to take extra care at bath time to clean away the grains from her scalp and under her nails.
“I’ve never seen him dote on an animal so much. I felt like a monster when I told him she was being pulled for another rescue.”
WaywardAngel: imma hve to get testd nopw
physical therapy, Cas.” His husband rolled his eyes. “It usually sucks, but it helps.”
Is this the sort of thing you’re supposed to invite the neighbors to? Some unspoken rule of suburbia? “You busy? You should come on over. We got plenty of food.”
Oh, that feels so good. Dean melts into the touch. “Could take years.”
Max found his first. He chose a small pumpkin he could carry around from the table near the register and refused to part with it. Alicia found hers next. It was large, white, covered in bumps, and very misshapen. She loved it. Castiel maneuvered the sad-looking pumpkin into their wagon and hurried to catch up with Dean and Patience. The two had stopped near a pile of pumpkins and were comparing different ones. Dean was going for size and Patience was going for conformity. She rejected any pumpkin with a blemish and wasn’t satisfied until she found the “perfect” one. Castiel grabbed his own once Dean found his and after everything was paid for, they loaded the car and headed home.
The children definitely knew something was going on now. Max still became a little afraid if Cas got wobbly but Patience and Alicia started to accept it was normal. “Papa’s just dizzy” became a common phrase and it broke his heart the day that Patience brought him a glass of water and told him not to worry; she would look after the twins until he was better.
Dean slumped in relief. “Absolutely. Thanks, Cas.”
“Oh, is it male or female?”
“Being a single dad is hard. You got family, right?” Dean’s concern was endearing.
liked. Max was bouncing in his seat as they pulled up to the house. He ran up to the door and rang the bell before Dean or Castiel could catch up. The door opened to reveal a smiling guy sporting an honest-to-God mullet. He bent down and stuck his hand out. “Hey! You must be Max!”
“Patience and Alicia are in the same home, but Max is in a separate place for boys.”
“No! We’re just friends. Good friends.”
“But that doesn’t make sense. I’m awkward and weird…”
“Ok Daddy!”
Slightly NSFW art in this chapter.
Sam weaved through the crowd and pulled him and Dean into a hug. “It’s so good to see you! Where-” Sam cut off as he caught sight of the new additions to their family. “Is that them?” he whispered.
“How does he help you? Does he go everywhere with you?” Dean seemed fascinated.
“Why? If you don’t want to hear other people’s opinions, maybe you shouldn’t live the way you do.”
They spent the next forty-five minutes answering questions about their home life and providing details about the parenting classes they had taken. They then briefly went over the children’s routines and any personal preferences that their caregivers had marked in their files. As they were already informed, the children still mainly spoke French but were picking up Portuguese. Maria was fluent in French also and had spent a lot of time around them as well.
“Cesar, Andrea, and the other parents shooed them into the house. Sam and Benny got everyone settled down.”
Castiel couldn’t watch any more. He was already in a bad mood and now he was embarrassed at how his comment had sounded. He stalked out into the parking lot and stood by Balthazar’s car. He friend appeared a minute later and unlocked the doors in silence.
Dean sat in his usual spot on the couch and pulled the box closer. He removed the top layer of paper and frowned a bit. He pulled out the first book, a Brazil travel guide, and gave Castiel a confused smile. “Books… cool babe.”
“Yes.”
“I am sorry. Just in good fun, yes? Castiel Krushnic.” He held out his hand for Dean to shake.
“Yea,” he whispered.
“Oh yea. He’s got a split scute. It happens sometimes. It won’t affect him health wise but some people want them more for looks so I usually discount those.”
Dean gulped before trying to pretend nothing was wrong. “H-hey Cas. Business was good today huh?”
Naomi’s eyes seemed to get a little brighter before she gave him a tight smile. “That’s good to hear. I’ll see you again soon, Castiel. Good day.”
“You make a good point. But in all seriousness Castiel, I’m so proud of you.” He reached up the squeeze Castiel’s hand before pulling back. “Now I better go before Ellen hunts me down.”
Gabriel and Sam spent the night so they could wake up early and accompany Castiel for some Black Friday sales. With three children to shop for, Castiel needed all the deals he could find. Bleary-eyed and with travel mugs of coffee in hand, the three men hit half a dozen stores before nine o’clock rolled around. There was a twenty-minute delay in Walmart when Castiel had an attack, but Gabriel sat with him while Sam stood guard. Thankfully, most people were too focused on their shopping to notice and the few that did were scared away by Sam’s scowl.
Impala67: since that day i talked to u. signed up that nite
Dean didn’t hear from Castiel for almost two weeks. He finally broke down and sent him a text.
“You got new stuff? What is all this?”
Raphael clenched his jaw. “Don’t you all have something better to do than sit around chatting during work hours?” He straightened his shoulders and stormed out of the room.
Castiel lifted his head and gave a shy smile. “Yes Dean. I’d like that very much.”
Working as a tax accountant for Sandover Bridge and Iron was definitely not Castiel’s dream job, but he had good benefits and it paid the bills. At least that’s what he kept telling himself as he listened to his supervisor, Mr. Adler, drone on and on about finding new tax loopholes, exemptions, or incentives the company could take advantage of. His colleague and friend Balthazar didn’t seem to be faring much better. He was honestly starting to worry for the man’s health. Rolling your eyes that heavily would surely cause vision problems eventually.
“It’s Sprite. Small sips.”
Dean groaned. He felt like an ass. Plenty of dudes liked what many considered “girly things”. God, Charlie would kick his ass if she found out how much he had assumed about Cas without even
“Yea. You can provide the comic relief.”
WaywardAngel: You LARP?!
“Yes…”
“That doesn’t seem terribly professional. He wouldn’t call her, would he?”
“Fine. Be that way. Tell Eileen I said hey.”
They started meeting every Friday. Sometimes Dean would bring a DVD to Castiel’s house, but usually Cas would go to Dean’s (after all, Dean had the bigger TV and the better sound system). Dean would make homemade pizza or burgers and Cas would bring the popcorn (you told me popcorn was essential, Dean). Sometimes they would get so caught up in talking that it would get too late to start a movie. Saturdays became their movie make-up day and eventually, Castiel just started sleeping in the guest room (which quickly became
Why did everything hurt so much? He wanted to go home. Why wasn’t he home?
Dean looked at the woman who had taken a little step back and was watching him warily. “Sorry, sorry. My neighbor, Cas, we’ve… God it’s hard to explain. Um, kinda like the Hatfields and McCoys but with pranks.”
“You got it, bro. Hey, are you going to record his reaction?”
“Don’t want to. Moving is hard,” he mumbled.
“We will have to have a conversation with her eventually about modesty and privacy. Since she’s been with all girls for eight months, I’m not sure how much those things were a priority.”
He was so caught up in his self-flagellation as he walked to the cluster mailbox down the street that he didn’t notice Naomi standing there until it was too late.
Castiel could feel himself getting close. He snaked a hand around his husband’s chest, pulling him further upright. Dean nearly screamed as the angle caused Castiel to hit his husband’s prostate on nearly every pass. His other hand grabbed hold of Dean’s cock and met the speed of his thrusts. He leaned close to Dean’s ear and murmured, “Come for me Dean,” just before biting down hard on his shoulder.
Castiel sagged in his seat and covered his face with his hands. He felt his husband’s touch on his shoulder as he gave a gentle squeeze. “Is there anything else you can tell us, doc?”
He blushed a bit. “Yea, well. He needed help.”
“No… I don’t want to…” his whine made Dean want to bundle him up and protect him from this whole humanity thing.
He heard a few gasps of disbelief as he turned, but didn’t bother looking back. His eyes scanned the lunchroom until he found who he was searching for. Striding up to the table, he waited until three sets of eyes noticed him. “Hey. Um, I’m new here and I was wondering if I could sit with you?” He gestured over his shoulder with his thumb, “Those other guys were kind of assholes.”
He woke up when he felt someone moving beside him. His eyes opened to see Cas looking at him in confusion. His blue eyes had lost the drunken sheen, but they were still pretty red-rimmed. “Hey Cas. You remember what happened last night?”
WaywardAngel: Really?
He felt a hand on his forehead. “You feel a little warm.”
“I’ll bet she does,” she trailed off. The woman hummed and furrowed her brow. “Not sure about those valve covers though.”
“You—you let me stay angry with you… for
“Alright I suppose. Still having vertigo spells, but there doesn’t seem to be as much pressure and the tinnitus isn’t as loud.”
One more thanks to
Castiel hummed as he stroked Dean’s thigh under the table. “Yes, it’s too bad. Although, I am feeling a little dirty from our trip. I think a shower may be in order before we do anything else. Care to join me?”
“Nice to meetcha. Come on in.”
Balthazar simply stepped over the dazed man on the floor and dragged Castiel to his office. The door closed and Castiel dropped into his chair and thunked his head against the desk. Balthazar poked him in the head. “Spill.”
“Is that—Why does she have a horse?”
“Bal still helping you out?”
“Don’t mention it. Really. Tell no one. I have an image to uphold, you know.”
“With me?”
This was great. Dean
“Good Lord, why?”
Dean arrived at the animal shelter where his fiancée worked just after four o’clock. He could see Castiel’s car still in the parking lot so he circled the block to hide and sent off texts to Sam and his mom to warn them to keep out of sight. He waited ten minutes before driving back around. Cas’s car was gone so he sent off another text giving the all clear and made his way inside.
They’d already been there for several hours and with the news that it would be longer, Castiel desperately wanted a nap. However, he couldn’t sleep with his concussion so Dean crawled into bed with him and they talked.
Cas chuckled a bit. “I truly am sorry. I didn’t think it would go that far. Gabe thought you’d snap yesterday.”
And that's a wrap! I've been wanting to write this story for a long time and I'm so happy to finally have it finished. In case it wasn't crazy obvious, I have Meniere's disease. This story was meant to be cathartic. When I first signed up for the bang, my health was ok. That changed over the summer and I very nearly quit a few times. Major thanks to my husband who wouldn't let me give up on this.
“Are they ok?”
“Oh Cassie, you simply must take a few days beforehand to party in Rio. Their nightlife scene is fabulous.” Balthazar got a faraway look in his eye.
“Dean…”
“I decided to try my hand at soap and candle making. The raw beeswax doesn’t sell all that well, so it’s been piling up. Sam actually suggested this. He said people ‘eat up’ artisanal products.” He pulled out a few different types of candles and a several varieties of soap. He then set out some bee-shaped pieces that were too small to be soaps.
Dean gave him a sad smile before pulling out the wrapped object. He removed the plastic and looked at the framed letter from the adoption agency. His brow scrunched in confusion as he read before his eyes shot wide. His mouth dropped open and his lip quivered as he looked up at Castiel. “I-is this for real? Are we gonna be daddies?”
Dean chuckled. “That’s one way of putting it.” His expression sobered and he ran his thumb on the back of the hand he still held. “How you doin’, Cas?”
He suddenly found himself in the waiting room of their favored urgent care center. He was leaning against Gabriel as Dean filled out paperwork. A nurse opened the door to the exam rooms. “Cas- Casteel Novak?”
“I’m afraid not. This disease is tricky. Have you checked out any of those support groups?”
He snorted. “Cause sometimes it’s easier than dealing.
“Ha! I didn’t know what girls your age are into. Called my friend Charlie and she pointed us to Claire’s.”
to him Dean.” Eileen gave him a stern look.
Claire huffed and looked away. “Yea…”
“Took some.”
Dean was still too angry to feel any disappointment over the girl leaving without getting her number. “That son of a bitch.” He jerkily got into the driver’s seat and just managed to keep himself from slamming the door.
“Sammy! You busy?”
“Uh… s’what friends are for. Let’s get some food in you and then you gotta sleep, ok?”
“Anyway, he stood there for a good ten minutes before I asked him if he needed help. He looked like he was about to cry. Insisting that he had to find the perfect gift for his little girl.” Dean wasn’t above using guilt.
“You are right, Jo. It is fun to ‘mess with’ him.” The guy flicked his eyes to Jo before his lip twitched and he finally smiled.
About half way through the mountain of gifts, Castiel ducked inside for another trash bag. Just as he turned to head back outside, a wave of dizziness slammed into him and before he realized what had happened, he found himself on the floor next to the counter staring up at the ceiling. Then the nausea hit and he turned just in time to vomit on the tile. He felt fuzzy and confused and as he stared at the mess on the floor trying to figure out what happened, he felt something drip off his forehead. He reached up to wipe the moisture away and his hand came back covered in blood. Why was there blood? How did he get on the floor? Castiel tried to sit up, but quickly slumped back against the cabinets. He felt so weak and uncoordinated. The room was still spinning and his limbs didn’t want to work properly.
Beside him, Dean gasped. Meanwhile Castiel was fighting the urge not to bite a hole in his cheek. How dare she?! It wasn’t until he felt Dean’s hand on his back that he realized how much he had tensed up. He consciously relaxed and uncurled his fists. “No honey. That’s not why. I’m not going to speak ill of your mother, but I can promise you; my attraction to men had nothing to do with the divorce.”
He signed up for a free trial which was pretty simple since he already had a Blizzard account. He read all the information on the different races and classes he could be (geez there were a lot of options). He decided to go with a human warrior as his first character and then picked out a name for himself. It took a few tries to find one that wasn’t taken. He finally settled on Deanmon before taking a deep breath and hitting the ‘Enter World’ button.
Dean was standing in the middle of his kitchen, vibrating with rage, and absolutely covered in glitter. The innocent little package lay where he’d dropped it; the spring that had activated the explosion of one of the evilest substances known to man, still bouncing slightly.
. She shouldn’t be dragging you into it.”
“No.”
Castiel smoothly made his way to the other side of the room. The man really was graceful. Dean watched as he pulled his loose pants off revealing a pair of tights underneath. He had to remember to breath as Castiel went through a series of quick stretches before moving to turn on some music. He recognized the song, but couldn’t remember the name. That didn’t really matter though once Castiel started to move.
Twist the knife why don’t you? “Ok.”
“I appreciate that Dean.”
“Oh! I’m… not quite sure how I feel about that.” He chewed his lip and looked at the children again. Boys already? “Aren’t they too young for things like that?”
She waggled her eyebrows. “Didn’t know you swung that way bro.”
“Injury, infection, illness, pregnancy. Sometimes nothing.”
“It’s possible. Don’t panic. Contrary to popular belief, most growths are benign but can still cause issues depending on where they are. Do you want the MRI?”
Castiel sat nervously while the two men stared at him. Dean’s eyes widened a bit. “Oh, there it is! Damn, Cas. That is freaky.”
An hour after getting back to his office, Mr. Adler called him in for a meeting. Castiel walked into the office to see Raphael sitting there as well. The man had a slimy grin on his face that immediately set Castiel on edge. Mr. Adler just looked annoyed, but that was his default so Castiel wasn’t sure what to think.
Dean looked genuinely concerned. His husband had such a big heart and tended to try to share other people’s burdens. “Oh, that sounds rough. I’m glad you have him. Is there any treatment for POTS?”
“Sammy! Little help?” Dean called from near the carousel.
Max tugged on Castiel’s sleeve and pointed to one of the tortoises. Its shell looked a little odd and Castiel tried to point out a few others thinking there may be something wrong with the first one, but Max was adamant.
“I have a feeling you’re gonna find out soon.”
Dean perked up. “Like an actual ear?”
Impala67: no need to get defensive. it just seems like more of a kids game to me.
“Books.”
Dean walked to Castiel’s house for dinner a few days after that. He noticed a gold Lincoln Continental in the driveway. When he asked Cas about it, he told him it was his. Dean was thrilled. He giggled for almost a solid minute before explaining that their cars matched the Saints’ colors. Castiel indulgently rolled his eyes at his new boyfriend while he set the table.
Dean spoke quietly, “It’s just. My family doesn’t know that I go to ballet shows. It’s not- guys aren’t supposed to like that stuff.”
: As long as we can go together.
They exchanged phone numbers under the guise of Dean being able to answer any questions about the movies or recommend any new ones. Really though, Dean thought Castiel was pretty interesting and funny, even if it was in a dry, dorky way. He was looking forward to being friends with the man.
“I know, I know. It just caught me by surprise.”
She huffed another laugh. “Tell me about it. Tried to find a medium between the two, but the fainting from the POTS was getting ridiculous. I don’t have a very bad case. If I stay well hydrated and try to stay between twenty-five hundred to three thousand milligrams of sodium daily, I can keep it pretty well under control. Thankfully, I’m mostly past the bad vertigo spells with my Meniere’s. I still get drop attacks and my hearing has gotten pretty bad, but I suppose it could be worse.”
“I understand. It is not ideal. It was why we were so excited you agreed to take all of them. It is clear they are unhappy being away from each other.”
The Saints may have lost, but Dean felt like he won.
“What?”
Max was making progress of his own. He started opening up to the rest of their family and smiling more, thanks to a stable home life and his new therapist, Charlie. She had come highly recommended by Dean’s former therapist, Missouri Mosley. The older woman had retired nearly a decade prior, but still kept in touch with a few of her “favorites”- Dean among them.
“Claire, don’t go too far.”
Balthazar smiled warmly. “That’s fantastic Cassie. You’ll make a wonderful father.”
Dean worked at his uncle/surrogate father’s shop which specialized in classic cars. Bobby and Ellen had taken Dean and his younger brother Sam in when Dean was fourteen. Their mother had died ten years before that and their father didn’t stay around much. He had been a bounty hunter who sometimes left for days on end until finally, he disappeared for good. After two weeks on their own, Dean called Bobby and the brothers ended up staying with him permanently. The going theory was that their father had been killed while working a case, but since no body was ever found, they could never know for sure.
Gabriel looked up. “Oh, no you don’t Cassie. Stay awake for me bro. You owe me after cleaning this up.”
“Dude. Harrison Ford is… he’s freaking amazing is what he is. How- never mind. Just get it. But you have to get the others too.”
“Cherry.”
This weekend was his and Cas’s anniversary and he’d really wanted to try something new. Cas always mentioned how much he loved Dean in green and he’d been a little excited thinking about his husband’s reaction when he came out in nothing but those briefs.
Castiel wiped his hands on a towel before grabbing his husband’s hands. “No, sweetheart. I just wanted to spoil you a bit, that’s all. Everything’s fine.” His leaned in and kissed him softly. “I promise.”
Dean looked up and gave him a sleepy smile. “Mornin’, babe. How’d you sleep?”
“Pretty much. That was… ugh! Ya know, we haven’t always been the best team. Hell, I remember us called them the 'Ain’ts' back in the day, but we didn’t
“Got fired.”
“Cas makes it easy.”
“Is that all? Do you ever lash out at people?”
Amusement parks were
: NO! I’m sorry, please don’t think that. I like talking to you Dean.
“Castiel, based on all this, I'm confident in my diagnosis of secondary hydrops. I suspect that when you had that encephalitis, it damaged your inner ear and triggered this condition. Your tests show reduced function in your inner ear and that’s probably permanent. The good news is that even though you’re having episodic vertigo, I believe the initial damage has caused you to skip over the severe spells that most people with Meniere’s have.”
“Why would you make me uncomfortable? Is it cause you don’t feel the same way? It’s ok Cas, really. I’m cool with just being friends.”
“Meg would be so upset.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean gaped at him. “This doesn’t freak you out? How upset I am?”
“Well that’s good! You haven’t been on the diet long, so that may improve in the coming weeks. Now let’s go over all these test results, shall we?”
“Psh. Weak, Novak.”
“Well, I think Dr. Barnes may be right. This does sound like Meniere’s disease. However, it may be a different condition called secondary hydrops.”
“He sure is. This guy helps me be independent. We can’t all have cute husbands.” She gave them a sly grin along with a brow waggle and Castiel was suddenly reminded of Meg. He had a feeling those two would get along.
: Awesome. Now lemme explain why you watch the originals first.
Castiel chuckled again and smacked Dean’s ass when he bent over to pick up their paperwork. Opening the door before his husband could retaliate, Castiel escaped the room and moved quickly down the hall. A look back showed Dean holding his jacket in front of his pants with a scowl on his face. Castiel grinned wickedly and shot him a wink.
Dean called them in to grab their plates. They finished eating and went back to the game. Sam noted every time his brother and his ‘friend’ shared a word or a look. By the end of the game (which Cas won thanks to Dean’s help) the two had slowly scooted closer until they were practically touching. Cas smiled brightly over his victory while Dean watched with his chin in his hand and a look of admiration on his face. Sam turned to Eileen who watched them with raised eyebrows.
Dr. Adamson gave him a sad smile. “I know it seems bleak now, but this can be managed. And advances in treatments are made all the time. We know much more now than we did when I first started practicing.”
Back at the craft store, he picked up the main gift. Several other staff members had gathered around the register and were giving him heart-eyed looks and adoring smiles. His item paid for, the employees clapped and called out encouraging remarks as he left. He blushed deeply and his cheeks hurt from smiling so much, but he didn’t care. His faith in humanity had been restored a little bit.
Out on the sidewalk, his husband looked ready to snap. “How could they do that?” he hissed. “Take him away from his sisters? They’re all each other have left!”
Patience nodded shyly and Alicia faced them and tilted her head as she studied them. Max just fidgeted but didn’t move otherwise. Jaqueline and Maria joined the other woman in the corner. Castiel and Dean knelt down on the carpet and smiled warmly. Dean spoke first with a small, “Bonjour.” His husband had spent all his free time over the last two months studying Rosetta Stone, Duolingo, and trying to practice with Castiel. He wasn’t very good at picking up languages and had barely passed his college Spanish courses. His pronunciation was poor (no matter how hard he tried, Dean
Cas looked like he would melt on the spot. He pulled Dean into a soft kiss. He pulled away all too quickly and smiled. “I’d like to try too. But you’re right; I do need time. I promise not to take too long ok?”
Before leaving the office, Castiel did some research on what to get for Dean. He typically only had an hour and a half to himself before his husband got home during which he usually made dinner, but if he wanted the surprise to be ready, he’d have to do most of his shopping before actually going out.
Meg grinned. “I know.”
Castiel’s eyes widened. “The kids?”
“Bal! The hell did you do?!”
“Sorry to disappoint.”
Gabriel handed the camera to Sam before signing, “You’re lucky I didn’t keep her. She cute.”
“You didn’t want to go back to your room and you asked me to stay. I promise; nothing happened.”
Impala67: good. im so sorry honey. can i do anything?
Cas hung his head. “You don’t need to lie to me Dean. It’s obviously I have not been subtle about hiding my affections towards you.”
Dean cleared his throat and pointed to the puppy. “Here she is. What do y’all think?”
They said their goodbyes to the shelter staff and reminded them to keep the secret for a few more days before heading back to his childhood home. His parents had graciously agreed to keep the puppy for a few days so he could surprise Castiel on their Friday date night. He helped set everything up, said his goodbyes to his parents and new puppy, and headed home.
Dean smiled at him and stroked his cheek. “Take all the time you need angel.”
“Yes!”
The official Greek Games between the fraternities and sororities on campus didn’t happen until the end of the year, but every few months, the fraternities held mini games. Usually held after finals or other stressful times around the school. Just silly things to blow off steam and have a little fun. The only prize was the bragging rights and nobody took them too seriously. There were usually frisbee, basketball, football, and soccer games. Plus nerf and paintball wars. Even board game and video game tournaments. Basically, if they could find a way to compete with each other, it would happen during the mini games.
WaywardAngel: RP? Really? After all that crap you gave me?
Castiel looked through the paperwork. There were two printed articles and three pamphlets on the effects of stress and anxiety with only one sheet containing the other specialists’ information. Was this what took so long? Did she print this up especially for him? And why did she keep insisting stress was the problem? Now irritated for an entirely different reason, he left the office as quickly as he could.
“How would I not know if I was stressed?”
Dean barked out a laugh. “Yea. Pretty much. I’m Dean by the way”
Castiel listened with a growing sense of what felt like shame. What he was going through was nothing compared to what Katie was dealing with. “I guess I have no right to complain then,” he said quietly.
“Ok.” He didn’t watch Dean leave. He knew he was being an ass, but he didn’t really care right now. He just got some really shitty news and it was taking everything in him not to snap at anyone who tried to talk to him.
The cathedral was old and didn’t have a toddler room or Sunday school like the churches back home. Their kids were generally well-behaved anyway but an hour and a half was asking a lot for three children under five. There was some wiggling and attempts to crawl under the pews, but the children seemed to enjoy the songs and none of them screamed or had a meltdown so Castiel considered it a success. He made a mental note to search for a new church when they got home.
Everything went to hell when there was only one minute and forty-five seconds left in the game. Brees threw another beautiful pass only to have the receiver knocked away before he could even attempt to catch it. The bar may as well have exploded. Everyone started shouting at the screen. The noise quickly quieted so they could hear the details of the penalty—only… it
“Dean?” Cas began quietly. “What’s wrong? Is it just the game?”
“Glad to do it angel. I’m so sorry he did that to you.”
It wasn’t until he sat down in the break room to eat his lunch that he was free to check his e-mail. Most of it was junk. Oh, there was the shipping confirmation for the birthday present he ordered for Gabriel. His brother was weirdly specific in his gift requests. Usually, they were for some sort of baking tool only manufactured by little European companies. At least it would get here in time.
Now that Cas was settled, Dean had time to think. How had he made such a huge mistake? The first time he talked to Cas he mentioned a boyfriend. Dean should know better than to just assume that meant he was a woman. Next, his username was WaywardAngel. He had explained to Dean that it was after his favorite TV show (which had a predominately female fanbase) and his own name (which he said was modeled after the angel Cassiel). He really shouldn’t have assumed there either. After all, his favorite show was Dr. Sexy. Next was the username Cassifrass. He thought it was a play on the name Cassie. Shit, Dean himself was named after his
ya know?”
“Yes. It’s probably best. I don’t want to make you uncomfortable.”
“Don’t worry sweetheart, I’ll take care of you.” Cas reached for the lube and squeezed some onto his fingers. He wrapped one arm around his husband’s waist as he slipped a finger back inside. Dean groaned again as Castiel pumped in and out. He was soon able to add another and laid kisses and sucked bruises along Dean’s shoulder as his husband writhed underneath him.
If he was honest, he and Amelia were never really a good fit. Of course he did love her then, but they didn’t share many of the same interests and her constant paranoia that he would cheat just because he was biromantic was tiresome. She would get angry whenever the subject came up and didn’t understand why he wouldn’t just call himself straight after they were married. He thought eventually she would be flattered that she was the only one he was sexually attracted to but that never happened.
“I was.”
Colette leaned in. “He’s very sweet, Castiel.”
“FUCKING CAS!”
“What about Cas?”
Meg made a noise of understanding. “I suppose that makes sense. Less stressful for the kid.”
Dean preened. He never tired of getting compliments on his Baby. “She drives like a dream too.”
The market was fairly busy that day but Dean couldn’t help glancing over at Castiel every few minutes. Despite how tired he looked, Dean could tell his friend was having a great day. Thanks to the bee display, he was getting a lot more business than average. As he spoke with his customers, Dean could see him light up in that particular way he did when he was discussing his bees. He always got so animated. His hands got involved in the conversation and the speed of his speech increased. It was adorable.
Castiel chuckled. “She would.” He walked around to the driver’s side and opened the door. “Oh, you might want to call Meg or Bal. They know too and were talking about planning the shower.”
Castiel’s eyes moved back to Dean’s before dropping to his feet. “No. No thank you. I have an early morning tomorrow and a few more things to do before I turn in.”
Dean stood up and shouldered his bag before grabbing his tray. “Wow. Ok. I’m thinking I’ll go find someplace more open-minded to eat my lunch. See y’all, or… hopefully not.”
“Go ahead and check those numbers for me.”
Even with that incident, Castiel was pleased with his haul. He got gifts for their friends and extended family, some things for Dean, and of course plenty for the children. He would leave the rest of their gifts to Dean. His husband preferred shopping online over fighting crowds and loved cyber Monday. Castiel just hoped he could control himself. The wishlist Dean had started before they’d even left for Brazil was constantly growing.
Both men smiled widely at the affirmation and Alicia, who had been uncharacteristically quiet during the exchange, burst into giggles. “Two daddies!” More giggles. “That’s silly.”
“Ok, well drink the rest of this and rest for a bit.”
“Who’s driving?”
Chuckling, Dean pushed his friend to roll over. “Yea I know.” He chewed on his lip. It was no big deal, right? He’d helped Sam before. “You, uh… Want some help?”
: No…
“I know babe, but we want plenty more with you, so let’s get you fixed up ok?”
“Wait, he said you had hearing loss in the low tones?”
After cleanup, they took out Risk. Usually, they played with teams and Gabriel was always paired with Alfie. They’d forgotten that fact for a moment and an uncomfortable silence settled over the room. Gabriel cracked a crude joke about threesomes and the tension dissipated. They shouldn’t have worried. Gabriel nearly beat them all by himself and only lost after Sam and Jo made a brilliant play. Their guests left after that and they got the kids cleaned up and into bed.
started?) Castiel nodded. “Just can’t believe we’re finally here.”
Three hours later, following a much-needed nap, Castiel and Dean had finished unpacking their things and were in one of the other bedrooms unpacking the children’s bags. The rental company often catered to those coming into the country to adopt and had a variety of furniture for use with young children. The bedroom for Patience had a guard attached to the bed so she couldn’t roll out and the room for the twins contained two toddler beds. There were also booster seats in the breakfast room, some play equipment in the small backyard, and a selection of DVDs in the living room. The house had cost a little more, but it was worth it for the convenience.
Knowing what he meant, but still determined to rile the man a bit more, Castiel played dumb. “Where’s what?”
“Sorry Cas. That’s what happens when you drink so much.”
Dean crouched down next to their son. “Is that the one you want buddy?” He nodded. “Alright then, we’ll take him.”
Castiel did and he was startled when he ran into Dean. He opened his eyes to find himself several feet from where he started. “How--?”
He once again gave himself an internal pep talk. This had to stop. He had to tell Cas how he felt. No chickening out this time. Cas was a good guy. Even if he didn’t feel the same way, Dean knew he wouldn’t make it weird. They could still be friends… right? Right, ok. For real this time Winchester. After the market closes just ask him for a coffee. Doesn’t have to be a date. Friends could do coffee, right? Just see how it goes. They could always do a real date if it feels right. Right? Yes. His eyes flicked up to look at Castiel again only to have his stomach drop.
“You bit-. Very funny Jo.” He turned to the teacher when he heard his soft chuckle. Even that was sexy as hell. Get a hold of yourself Winchester; Jo is right there! Along with his love for ballet, Dean had successfully hidden his bisexuality from his family for almost a decade and he wasn’t about to change that now… Dammit…
“Crap. Uh, I gotta…” Dean pointed in the direction Castiel had disappeared to.
He came out to find Cas sitting on his couch. He handed him a bottle and slumped onto the sofa next to him. He picked at the label on his beer and ground his teeth. This day was turning out great. His team lost and this gorgeous guy was probably trying to find a polite way to tell Dean he was no longer interested. He honestly couldn’t figure out which he was more pissed about. “So, that no-call was bullshit huh?”
Just glancing at the section tabs, Castiel was impressed. There were the regular tourist attractions, but there was also information on local medical centers, emergency services, public transportation routes, and churches that held Mass in English. “This is very comprehensive.”
A feeling of dread raced through Dean’s body. What were the chances of that? “Nah man. That… you must be… I’ve never seen it.”
“Ok, I’ll put some aside for ya.” They finished setting out all the jars and some blocks of beeswax. Castiel then pulled out another box and started setting up a new display.
“It looked like he had some sort of party yesterday.”
Dean didn’t see Cas until the next day. Gabe had informed him that evening that Cas was a transfer and had come because their school had a better media department. Nobody else seemed to be having issues with him; just Dean. He ran into him a few more times during competitions. He always seemed to be gunning for him. It ranged from “accidentally” tripping him to having his hand “slip” and hitting him in the head with a frisbee. Or a hacky sack. Or a soccer ball. One time his shoe came flying off with suspicious accuracy.
Alicia pulled away from Dean and stepped in front of Castiel. “Salut!” she all but squealed as she leapt into his arms. He caught Dean’s smile before wrapping his arms around the little girl. This was it.
Dean participated in three more competitions before his saw his nemesis again. They were about the start the swim fin race. Dean had finally wrestled the silly rubber things onto his feet when the guy waddled to his side with a wide grin on his face. “Hi. Feeling better?”
“Dogs like her?”
He dawdled as much as he could, but eventually had to get back to work. The rest of his morning was spent sifting through sections of tax law he already knew in the vain attempt to earn the promised bonus he would be given if he found a new way to screw Uncle Sam out of company cash. Even if it was technically legal, he still felt a little uncomfortable doing it. Although earning a bit of extra money right now sure wouldn’t hurt.
“You’re not?”
“Among other things.”
“Dean.”
Opening the box in his kitchen, he couldn’t help but laugh at the giant chocolate penis nestled in the box with
Who was crying? “Please wake up, baby.” That was Dean. Why is he crying? Please don’t cry…
They stared at each other for a minute before Jo shifted next to him. “Right! Uh, you ready to go kiddo?”
Castiel wasn’t so sure Dean was right anymore. Three weeks later and the dizzy spells kept happening. There was no rhyme or reason to them. Some days he wouldn’t have any and some days he had several. They lasted anywhere from a few minutes to a few hours. They would occur while standing, sitting, and one time he woke from a dead sleep to the sensation that he was in danger of falling out of the bed. Sometimes there was pressure and ringing and sometimes there wasn’t. His speech would slur if the attack was particularly strong and he had issues keeping his thoughts together. The episodes did seem to occur slightly more often when he was tired, but not reliably enough that he could consider it a pattern. Castiel made sure to drink enough water, eat a more balanced diet, even tried meditating - all with zero success.
“I- I can’t do anything right. The leviathans and purgatory and Naomi, I killed you so much Dean. And then I tried to fix it for you again by locking the angels away. We’ve done so many horrible things to you. I couldn’t even get that right. I let myself get tricked by Metatron, and now I’m just a useless human and it’s only a matter of time before you realize that--”
“Good idea. I’ll ask her after our session tomorrow.”
The point of this story was to bring to light the struggles of those with invisible illnesses. I know people who have lost family and friends who couldn't "deal" with a sick person. I know firsthand what it's like to have a doctor tell you to your face that they don't believe you. I also know that getting diagnosed with invisible illness doesn't have to define who you are.
“Why? Would you have changed your mind?” she asked.
The other man chuckled, his voice a low rumble. “I mean, I’ve never been shot in the dick by a nerf dart, but I suspect it’s not pleasant.”
“Then why do you do it Dean?”
The next few days were spent researching tortoise care. Things were a lot more complicated than Castiel thought. You couldn’t simply put them in a tank, they needed opaque walls. They also needed more space then they’d originally thought. Plus, there was special lighting, humidity requirements, dietary needs…
Castiel’s street was usually pretty quiet, but all day people had been honking as they passed his house. Every time he heard one, Castiel looked outside, only to see nothing out of the ordinary. It wasn’t until he was returning from the mailbox that he saw the sign in front of his tree.
Dean studied them curiously. “What?”
“Oh sweetheart, you don’t have to work so hard to get in my good graces.”
He sat entranced as the dancers leapt and twirled, with the instructor occasionally giving a piece of direction. He was amazed with Jo’s movements especially. How his tomboyish little sister could go from a knife-wielding bartender to this graceful creature was incredible. He hadn’t really seen Jo dance since they were younger and he’d been dragged to recitals, mostly against his will. Three hours in a dark auditorium were torture when he was ten years old. Now, three hours hardly seemed like enough time to fully appreciate art like this. Jo made her movements look effortless as she danced her way around the studio with a soft smile on her face. He vowed then and there to never miss another of her shows. Even if that meant he had to pretend that he was only there for
“I don’t know. Could be cause you never talk to him, so doesn’t know what you’re into.”
Castiel chuckled. “That’s a wonderful idea Meg. Thank you.”
