Finally, Castiel allowed himself to smile. “Well, if your brother is anything like you, I’m sure you’re right. Thank you, Sam. You didn’t have to help me with this.”
he said fiercely. “And everyone who knows you sees it. Everything you have ever done, the good and the bad, you have done for love. You raised your little brother for love. You fought for this whole world for love.
Novak’s jaw clicked closed as he stared at Dean with wide eyes.
Michael grit his teeth. “I somehow highly doubt that. I’m more worried about you trying to kiss me than kill me.”
Dean settled on top of his omega and closed his eyes as Cas wrapped his paws around him. They batted idly at Samandriel and Ben as they were used as climbing frames and the pups giggled as they were knocked onto the floor, only to try clambering over the adults again a few seconds later.
“How about we ease up on the hard stuff for a bit?”
Dean shrugged. “I don’t know you at all. I’m still not entirely certain you won’t drug me and keep me locked away in your dungeon for the next few weeks.”
“Gabriel?”
And he had done nothing.
“Why is he so angry all the time?” asked Raphael when a few minutes had elapsed.
“So what? Doesn’t mean he knew how to use it,” Lucifer scoffed.
“Forget I said that,” Castiel groaned. “I didn’t mean it. It was a heat of the moment sort of thing.”
The hairs on the back of his neck stood on end and he whipped around to face the door, sensing someone observing him. He wasn’t sure he could fight a ghost in his PJs and his hand twitched towards the remote, ready to hurl it at the angry spirit.
At this rule, Castiel scoffed. “That one’s going to be such a challenge.”
Dean cut Gabriel off as he rolled his eyes and padded over to him. He sat in front of the golden wolf and rubbed his chin over Gabriel’s head, marking him with his scent, and Gabriel released a shaky breath of relief as he leaned into the younger alpha.
“I know how you see yourself, Dean. You see yourself the same way our enemies see you,” Castiel said, determination filling his voice in an eerily familiar way. “You’re destructive and you’re angry and you’re broken. You’re… you’re
“Cas, I… man, you know you’re my best friend. I love spending time with you and I’m
Castiel frowned for a moment before shaking his head. “Even if that’s true, it doesn’t change anything. I’ve been bullied and ridiculed and sneered at for nearly forty years by our so-called brothers. The only person who has stuck by me through all that time is you, Gabriel.”
He glanced up to the sky and waved, a cheeky grin settling on his face.
“Then I’ll make an offer it can’t refuse,” Dean snarled fiercely. “His life for yours.”
“Why do you have a mirror?” Dean asked.
Michael looked stunned. “Because relationships are supposed to be between
and he took off his belt and struck me. I could tell that it wasn’t part of a scene. I tried to get away from him but he pinned me down and grabbed his cigarette and held it against my arm. He did that twice as he accused me of wanting to sleep with you.”
He cast his gaze to his right and this time, the distance between Castiel and him was non-existent. Dean slid an arm around the back of the Democrat’s portion of the bench seat and smirked smugly at him.
Gadreel arched an eyebrow. “It isn’t important. What is important is you deciding to wander off from the pack on your own. Is there a reason you crept off without supervision?”
What embarrassed him the most was that he could
. Don’t look into it too deeply.” It was only a half-lie. Cas had earned his nickname far faster than anyone else in Dean’s life and the older man hadn’t rebuked him for using it. It didn’t mean that they were going to get married though – nor did it mean that they were about to have an erotic, steamy, whirlwind affair, like Benny so clearly expected they would.
Dean crossed his arms. “This ‘flea-bitten mongrel’ has fully functional ears, you know.”
“You really wouldn’t care if I tried to ruin your party?”
“You made a deal to save him,” Dean interrupted, glancing behind him nervously at the innocent-looking wall.
to just give up?”
Michael closed his eyes slowly. “I know.”
Castiel forced himself to not react. That comment stung because it was as though Dean was making sure that Castiel knew he was being rejected. Almost like a second rejection. Perhaps he shouldn’t have come to Christmas dinner.
person of our choosing. Marriage or
“Mr. Winchester,” began Lee, “in your last press interview you revealed something that has never been heard before in the history of the presidential elections. You told the public that you were physically attracted to your opponent; Mr. Novak. Could you discuss what prompted you to make this claim and what you expected to come of it?”
Dean raised his eyes to meet Castiel’s, daring to hope that the angel had one more trick up his sleeve; that he would save the day just as he had so many times before.
. Although confused at first, Hannah and Balthazar hadn’t once protested Gadreel’s tactile outbursts and they welcomed his newfound desire to mark them at every opportunity. Of course, once they recognised the reasons for Gadreel’s unusual behaviour, they made sure to tease him about it.
Gabriel chuckled at his hesitation. “Hey, don’t worry, kiddo. If Castiel thinks you’re okay, I have no reason to doubt his judgement. I’m not gonna bite.” He winked obscenely. “Unless you’re into that sort of thing.”
Castiel chuckled and nuzzled his cheek, still rubbing, fingers still curled around his neck as though he owned Dean. As though he knew that he could do whatever he liked to the Republican without rebuttal.
Castiel tilted his head.
Dean’s brows furrowed and he put his bottle down slowly. “It was the right thing to do. You came to me for help – I’d be a colossal dick if I turned you away; he was hurting you.”
“Submissives aren’t pathetic,” Benny growled far too quickly and with far too much heat. He seemed to realise what he had said and dropped his gaze. It took Dean a moment to piece things together and when he did, he cocked an eyebrow.
,” growled Castiel, hands clenching into fists on his lap. “A couple of tiny burns and I’ve ruined everything in a single night. All that hard work
Lucifer blinked before slowly straightening and facing his frowning brother.
with it? This… this
He whipped around at Castiel’s shout and swallowed at the sight of some sort of megabat rocketing towards him, jaw gaping as it released a hair-raising screech.
Michael’s gaze softened as his hand slipped off the rebar. “How could I forget?” He pulsed warmth and appreciation into Adam’s soul and was rewarded with a burst of joy and amusement. “I don’t know what I’d do without you. You’ve kept me sane these past few years.”
Finally, Sam sighed. “You have nothing to be sorry for, Gabe. It just bothers me that they can control you like this merely by being here. I don’t like you being so nervous of them.”
Doing his best to ignore the amused smirks of the Winchester pack, Lucifer kept his lips sealed firmly shut.
“I’m glad you enjoyed it,” he said quietly, looking slightly pained.
getting the position.” He fixes Sam with a raised eyebrow. “I don’t want to spend the next however-long-they-expect-us-to-work-here wiping an angel’s rich ass every time he takes a shit. I made sure there was no way I was getting picked. Meet you by the car.”
Novak held his hands up in a placating manner and swivelled to face Dean properly. “I didn’t mean it as a bad thing,” he said gently. “I’ve competed in these sorts of races before and they’re always messy affairs. I’ve never met a Republican candidate who hasn’t thrown insult after slur at me. Just because they’re polite on camera doesn’t mean that they’re polite people. You are… refreshing, Mr. Winchester.”
“We were wrong to try to kill Samandriel and we shouldn’t have threatened our brothers. But we realised that a long time ago and we’re
Dean grinned. “You’re attracted to me,” he stated matter-of-factly. “You think I’m hot too.”
Dean dropped his gaze, unwilling to discuss it. Too many deaths. Too much trauma and heartache.
“It’s alright,” Dean soothed gently. “I understand.”
Dean growled under his breath and wrapped both arms around Castiel’s front before peppering doting kisses to each and every bruise. He silently vowed to ram his fist into Lucifer’s mouth if he ever met the guy.
“What are you doing here?” Castiel asked, making his way over, and Dean found himself smiling at the thought that the other man hadn’t even considered
The prince pauses and Sam hears the guards behind him shuffle as though readying themselves to snatch Sam from his seat. Sam stiffens in preparation and the prince suddenly whirls around to face him; one unimpressed eyebrow raised.
“You said you respected my decision,” Castiel said quietly. “Did you lie to me? Again?”
CNN was the first network to ask Dean for an interview alongside his Democratic opponent. They claimed that they wanted both candidates to discuss their feelings after winning their respective primaries and caucuses, and also how they felt about the upcoming general election.
Sam and Gabriel’s expressions fell and they shared a concerned glance before sidling closer to the young omega.
to do this? As if I don’t have enough problems!” Dean hissed as he gestured to the door Billie was about to kick down in 3… 2… 1…
“And you wonder why people think you’re aggressive,” muttered Michael.
before mother and father tossed him into a care home. He was the only one who actually supported me when I got rid of Bartholomew. He said that Bart was a rotten egg and that I deserved someone better. He… died a few years back. Dementia. Couldn’t remember who I was in the end.”
Castiel mumbled after what felt like hours.
“And Castiel? Do you think Dean forced him as well?” Raphael asked quietly.
His skin prickled with discomfort and his thoughts brimmed with panic. Whatever he said next, he would make a fool of himself and end up throwing the election into Castiel’s favour.
Dean frowned and licked delicately at Castiel’s wing to stem the blood flow. The vampire startled at first but managed a soft sound of gratitude before he drew the wing towards himself and gripped Dean’s fur once more.
“... A couple of weeks ago, at the bar,” began Castiel, voice low and almost shy, “you leaned towards me.” Dean’s gaze followed the nervous movement of his tongue as it darted out between plump, pink lips, and Castiel tilted even closer, until Dean could smell that familiar cologne and the sharp scent of coffee on his breath. His head moved of its own accord towards his rival and Castiel stared at him with big, sparkling, sapphire eyes and raised a hand to cup his cheek. His thumb brushed over Dean’s stubble and Dean’s heart reached a gallop as he gently pulled their bodies together, until Castiel’s warmth was plastered against him.
As Lucifer surged towards Michael, a call from their younger brother made them pause.
“It can work,” Dean murmured in between gentle kisses. “We can make it work.”
Castiel’s brow creased for a moment before the epiphany struck. “He’s a Democrat?”
?” Claire asked, scrunching her nose.
“What have they done now?” Lisa asked with an equally disapproving frown. Apparently, Sam wasn’t the only one aware of the friction between Castiel and his nest.
Castiel huffed a broken laugh. “He has nothing to be sorry for. I’m the one at fault. I’m the one who didn’t listen; who asked for far too much.”
That was good enough for Castiel.
“When does he start?” she asked.
“If anything goes wrong, you call me, okay? If he even looks at you weirdly, you call me and I’ll drop everything,” Dean said, unsurprised at himself as the promise rolled off his tongue. “I mean it. I need to know you’re safe.”
Castiel was quiet for a long while and when he finally spoke, it was subdued.
“I… I don’t know. I’ve never done this before. I just… I just really don’t want to be here.”
He was flirting with a witty, curvy woman sporting dark hair and blue eyes – and no; the irony was not lost on him – when who should turn up beside her but Castiel Novak. He didn’t seem to notice Dean when he ordered a straight whisky and Dean’s astonished gaze must have lingered upon him a fraction too long, for the woman he had been talking to plucked up her half-empty cocktail and wandered off into the throng of patrons, in search of someone else’s attention.
“So, you can fight,” frowned Adam. “Why aren’t you proving it?”
He was promptly swatted over the head by a tan paw.
“Sam Winchester.”
“Scooby, stop. Down boy, come on, down,” Dean snorted as Castiel scowled at the creature.
“You missed such a great opportunity, Cassie!” Gabriel grinned and Castiel could already feel his fists clenching under the table. “Imagine how they would have reacted if you’d introduced Dean as your boyfriend! They’d have been so disappointed.”
“Apologies, Dean,” Castiel said after having managed to wrestle a bewildered Lucifer into the back of his head again. “My brother likes to play pranks,” he said distastefully and Dean eyed him suspiciously.
“Her,” Dean murmured. “I need you to be my eyes and ears whilst I’m tracking.”
Samandriel wrinkled his nose. “I know the story of why the Winchesters and Novaks fell out. It was a rogue wolf who killed the Novak leader’s mate. The Winchesters were blamed because the rogue was a new member of their pack and they never expected he’d do that. It was all a big misunderstanding, really.”
He and Dean had argued in their shelter last night. Their hissed fight had resulted in Castiel accusing Dean of putting Samandriel at risk and a wounded expression had swept over Dean’s features, causing Castiel to wince and apologise for his unfair outburst. They had both sighed and Dean had explained that whilst he understood why Cas was upset, he couldn’t ignore Gabriel’s plea.
for speaking out of turn. None of them were particularly close to Castiel, but that didn’t mean he wanted them dead.
He’s a lot smaller than Sam and his shirt rides up to reveal a soft stomach. There’s hidden strength in his frame though, and the gold and white colouring of his wings is beautiful despite the damage. His hair is golden and his eyes are bright and Sam realises he’s been staring too long when the prince side-eyes him.
Sam plopped into the chair beside him and fixed him with a hard look.
“Of course,” Dean drawled. “Tell me, Mr. Novak, do you recommend every member of the LGBT community to come out to the world in the name of honesty, regardless of whether it’s safe for them to do so? Or do you just treat me differently because you’ll do anything to win that election? Oh, and the way you described me – manipulative, dishonest, liar – all because I didn’t come out to three-hundred and twenty-eight
Once they had finished eating and their hands were sufficiently clean, they settled down to watch another episode of
Castiel opened his mouth and snapped it shut again. He shook his head incredulously. “I didn’t have
you’ve ever loved.” He smiled as his hand fell to his side, shoulders rising into a shrug. “Just like I planned. Just like I
“It’s my house. I can bring who I like,” Castiel said firmly.
Castiel pursed his lips and flicked his gaze to the moon. He couldn’t help but feel wary – he’d been hurt too many times before to not be. He wanted to trust Dean but the werewolf had already used him once and left when he wasn’t convenient… What was to stop him from doing it again?
Castiel slumped, eyes closing. Why was everything so difficult when it came to Dean?
“Boxers and robe. Um… both black.” An awkward silence stretched between them and Dean cleared his throat as his cheeks burned. “You?”
It happened shortly after Castiel accepted Lucifer into his vessel and the angels had to admit that Lucifer might be their only hope in stopping The Darkness.
Obviously, he couldn’t hide from Sam forever considering they worked together, but he needed time to get over the weekend and pull himself together. He needed to be alone so he could sort through his own misery and shove it deep down where he wouldn’t have to acknowledge it.
Michael yelped as he plunged into the cold water and he quickly snatched Lucifer’s scruff before his brother could be swept away once more. The current gripped his body and dragged him downriver but before he could be swept too far, teeth clamped around his own scruff and he was hauled halfway up the bank.
And as for Castiel’s parents… Dean growled, unable to help himself. Cas should have let him at Chuck; he deserved a real family, one that made sure he was happy, not the sham of false appearances and whispering backstabbers he currently had.
Dean turned his head slightly to catch his gaze and he smiled almost sadly. “Don’t let anyone put you down, Cas - especially not your deadbeat parents. Or me, for that matter.” He shook his head bitterly. “Your nest doesn’t deserve you and neither do I.”
Dean stretched over the couch and flicked his gaze to the muted TV. Doctor Sexy was undertaking some life-saving surgery that had never been performed before and the nurses around him held their breaths as the monitors displayed data that suggested they weren’t actually hooked up to the patient.
“What?” he growled out.
Dean made a soft noise of surprise at the foreign sensation and Castiel took the opportunity to steal his mouth as he wrapped an arm around the wolf’s back. Another growl made its way out of Dean’s chest and he kissed Castiel harder as the vampire claimed every inch of his mouth.
Was it possible that Castiel didn’t actually mean the things that he had said? Had he merely said them in the spur of the moment, like a sort of stress response? Did he not really love-?
off, but she hid me in a tree trunk and next thing I knew, the monster was running away and my mom was on the floor, bleeding. Dion and Liorna arrived soon after and when I got a little older, they started to teach me how to defend myself. Their son, Tyron, made me an Omega when he took over and he furthered my training.”
Dean chuckled and elbowed him playfully, smile widening when the Democrat returned to his side within seconds.
Sam’s brows pinch together before rising in realisation and he snatches the letter from Dean and gasps when he reads that the request is indeed addressed to his brother. He blinks at Dean, dumbfounded. “We
Dean ignored him and plucked the book from the floor, inspecting its weight by turning it over in his hands. He meandered over to Cas as the angel continued, “When Jack was dying, I… I made a deal to save him.”
He had no reason to continue existing. He could fade away and no one would notice, no one would care.
Samandriel scrunched his nose up in frustration and shook his head. “Dad said that
“Nearly half-midnight, Your Royal Highness,” Sam says quietly, heart racing at the fact that the prince could very well have him arrested for touching him.
“You can’t just abandon him. You’re his pack.”
“Oh, come on, Cas. We fought too,” sighed Gabriel. “I’ve lost count of the number of times we scrapped and shoved at each other. We argued plenty as kids and adults, sometimes with our fists.”
Dean nodded slowly and jerked a thumb over his shoulder. “So, this one’s aluminium?”
house. Dean stays or we both leave. The choice is yours, mother.”
Chest heaving, Michael glared up at Dean with as much hatred and disdain as he could muster. “Don’t pretend you aren’t thrilled by these circumstances,” he hissed. “You’re the same as every other wild alpha. You don’t really care how I describe your pack – you just crave the exhilaration of forcing another lead alpha to submit to you. I’ll bet it arouses you to dominate other alphas in this way.”
“You,” Dean managed. “I… I want to touch you.”
Dean nodded wordlessly and Castiel’s smile grew a little more genuine before his nose wrinkled and he frowned. He sniffed at Dean and pulled away with a curious tilt of his head.
Dean’s knuckles grew white and he bared his teeth in warning. “
“Anyone up for a nightcap?”
Lucifer flinched and averted his gaze once more, and Michael continued to stare forlornly at his lap.
They eventually came to a meadow rife with long, sun-kissed grasses and vibrant wildflowers. The air smelled sweet like honeysuckle and buttercups, and a few bees were already hard at work, jumping from one flower to the next.
“Dean,” Castiel whined but still, the Republican stood as solid as stone. Castiel’s expression filled with hurt and betrayal and he released Dean’s shirt.
Lucifer’s jaw clicked shut and he nodded at Raphael almost gratefully as the youngest brother shoved files and books hastily into his case. He snapped it closed and marched over to Lucifer, jerking his head towards the stairs. Lucifer hesitated and shifted his wary gaze to his older brother.
Lucifer regarded the Winchester pack and his brothers carefully. There was a soft, proud quirk to Dean’s lips and Sam’s gaze shone with affection – not only for Gabriel, but seemingly Castiel as well. Castiel looked fierce and indomitable, as though willing to defend the Winchester pack until his dying breath and Lucifer tried to recall the last time that he had seen Castiel this passionate about anything. Had he ever stood up to Michael like this?
Castiel’s brows pinched. “I… I don’t understand.”
“Gabe wakes up around seven-thirty and starts the day with a hot latte with, like, a billion sugars.” Charlie peers over her shoulder at him. “The bar staff know how he likes it, don’t worry.”
“I’m sorry,” Castiel whispered after a few long minutes. “I’m sorry, Dean. I shouldn’t have treated you the way I did.”
Despite being a demon, Sam Winchester lives in Eden. Like Heaven, Eden is mostly angel-occupied but since it is the largest country of Enoch, it is a little more diverse. Hell and Scotland are demon-led countries, whereas Eden, Heaven, and Purgatory (if Purgatory can be considered
Jack licked his lips nervously and lowered his ears as Adam returned to his starting position. The beta circled Jack again for a few seconds before surging towards him and knocking him to the ground and once again, Jack rolled onto his back.
Sam bit back a laugh, noticeably relaxing. A second later, the door opened and two students joined them, looking curiously between the three clinicians before heading towards the table to retrieve their lunches.
Dean blinked then closed his eyes guiltily before sitting beside Castiel and littering his face with kisses.
“I… I did,” Sam manages as he reads the email a third time. “Maybe it’s a mistake?”
Adam’s mouth clicked shut as tears glistened in Jack’s eyes. The omega gave a frustrated bark more suited to a timber wolf than a shifter, then huffed and shook his head. He began to pace up and down the riverbank, huffing and whining and if Adam had been watching from a distance, he would have dismissed the omega as a feral wolf working through its emotions.
“Come home, Michael,” Raphael whispered. The
“You said you screwed the interview up!”
The older Novaks watched the younger wolves trot away and they lapsed into a heavy silence as they thought about what they had learned.
*           *           *
There was a tightness in Dean’s chest and a burning sense of déjà vu at the back of his mind. Cas was leading to something important; he could feel it. He could
“Check the camp,” he ordered. “Make sure there are no wandering Novaks. You see anything suspicious and you howl for us, got it?”
Sam passed him the smaller head. “…Antibiotics, maybe?”
He swallowed Castiel down to the hilt even though he wasn’t quite sure he would be able to, and at Castiel’s desperate plea of his name, he released his opponent’s delicious cock with a soft
“I agree that the voting age should be lowered,” said Castiel plainly. “Any citizen that is expected to pay taxes should be allowed to vote. Their lives are affected by these elections as much as any other older citizen – why shouldn’t they have their say?”
Castiel forced himself not to wince at the shout, but he did skitter backwards a little when Sam practically ran over to him and drew him into a tight hug.
Castiel squinted at the photograph. “Oh, he’s entirely my type.”
. He held on and felt Cas begin to relax and he hugged the angel even tighter because Cas was
“It’s fine, Sam,” Castiel sighed. “I get it. I’m a real grinch when it comes to Christmas and I lock myself away and try my best not to visit my family. I know how it sounds, trust me.” Castiel shook his head. “It’s just… I had a bad Christmas a few years ago and my family… they never really
“Would anyone like to explain to me why Jack appears so confused about the definitions of alpha, beta, and omega?” asked Castiel idly as Gabriel, Samandriel, and Ben plodded over.
, just because his dick of a father had disowned him. He wouldn’t let his parents dictate his life, not anymore.
“I’ve come to change your bandages and check you over,” she supplied as she came to a halt in front of them, dropping her bag by her paws.
“So, your freedom to own a weapon is more important than the lives of the children in the last school shooting?” Castiel demanded viciously. “Your freedom to own a gun is more important than the last grandmother to be shot in her own home, or the last pregnant mother to have seven rounds fired into her chest because her husband wrongly believed her to be cheating? Are you really that selfish?”
“I know two things,” Dean whispered as their gazes met. It seemed as though their eyes were adjusting to the dark. “One: I’ve had… a little bit too much to drink. Two: You have the bluest eyes I’ve ever seen. And C: Being with you makes me
Sam doesn’t push any further.
“Technically, you did,” scoffed Benny. “Right after he told you about Lucifer’s abuse. You took him home and let him sleep in your bed.”
Beside him stood a dirty blonde beta, his lips twisted into an ugly sneer.
Dean laughed in disbelief as Castiel slipped the flask into his pocket and grasped his flute.
“Where are my parents?” he snarled as Gabriel’s pupils shifted into furious slits.
a human?” Sam frowned as Castiel handed him a brownie. “Oh, I don’t eat-”
“What if the rabbit is in pain before you get to it? Like… what if a bird got to it first and then left it?” Alex asked.
Castiel pointed to a door leading off from his bedroom.
Anna smiled tightly but did not shake his hand. Instead, she returned her focus to Castiel, leaving Dean to deflate slightly at yet another rejection. This was becoming exhausting.
“Is that a yes?” Dean asked, blood racing as the logical side of his mind screamed about how brash and idiotic he was being. Benny would kill him.
Michael shifted his fiery gaze to Lucifer and on another day, Lucifer might have scowled right back and challenged his brother. As it was, he was tired and Michael was being overly stubborn. He lowered his head submissively, accepting whatever trouble he had just landed himself in.
“Like sleeping with Dean?”
Cas was
Castiel glanced up at him, searching for the honesty in Dean’s eyes and when he found it, his gaze softened.
Suddenly, Dean rolled Castiel onto his back and captured his lips desperately before gazing down at him with a grin. Mirroring the expression, Castiel tugged him down to ravish his mouth.
“Are we supposed to be doing this?” Castiel asked. He was forgetting something important, but how could being with Dean like this ever be wrong? The werewolf made him feel
Lucifer stiffened and whirled on his older brother, letting loose a snarl of his own. It briefly occurred to Michael that perhaps the lack of a balanced diet was starting to affect them all, but he was suddenly too angry with Lucifer’s defiance and constant complaints to make excuses for him.
“I’m not a child,” Lucifer said, aiming for furious but hitting petulant instead.
“You don’t think Gabriel’s actually
“I’m Charlie,” she greets as she steps further into the room and thrusts her hand out at Sam. “Princess Abaddon’s Lady-in-waiting.”
“Sam chose his own path,” Dean sighed.
. Was that the first time he had admitted to himself that he…?
Gabriel makes a pained sound as he clambers to his feet and his ruffled wings slowly uncurl as he grimaces. Gabriel’s scent sours a little now that the blockers have worn off and Sam finds himself feeling sorry for the omega. If Gabriel had been a demon, he would have offered a massage.
Castiel no longer stood tall like the proud politician that Dean was accustomed to seeing. He looked as tired and stressed as Dean felt and the Republican had the sudden urge to take him into his arms and kiss his frown lines away.
Castiel fell silent and the tension between them was only broken by the occasional sniffle from inside the stall. When nothing continued to happen, Dean lost his already-tattered patience and began to fiddle with the locking mechanism from the outside. Finally, the ‘engaged’ sign slid to ‘vacant’ and Dean shoved inside, startling a gasp out of Castiel.
, I wondered what it could be, what… what my true happiness could even look like. I never found an answer.” He managed a weak smile. “Because the one thing I want… it’s something I know I can’t have.”
“I trust you and the pack, Dean. It’s my brothers I don’t trust. I know they’re injured and they don’t look like much of a threat right now, but I can’t underestimate my brothers. I know how unpredictable they can be. I remember the beatings and the yelling… the way they used to tear into each other. I remember the looks on their faces the night I fled the city; the bloodlust and determination in their eyes. If anything happens to Samandriel, I’ll never forgive myself.”
. We were going to
Michael looked ashamed. “I did an awful job at it.”
“Gadreel was just about to give him a practical lesson,” said Balthazar tightly, flinching when Michael growled at him. Gadreel quickly growled back and Michael eased away slightly.
Michael stared at Castiel for a long moment before flicking his gaze to Dean. “So… in the wild, it’s okay for someone to have more than one romantic interest?”
Castiel hesitated. That was a loaded question. What should he do; put himself down and diminish his chances for the next time he ran for office, or be a complete ass?
Or smells.
Dean’s cheeks reddened again. “Yeah. But obviously, you don’t have to do that. I mean… you’re obviously not a wolf and I don’t know if being marked by a werewolf is offensive for your species, so…”
Castiel startled and whipped around to face Sam, who was leaning against the consultation room door with his arms crossed and a frown creasing his features. “You’ve been avoiding me for three days now and don’t say you haven’t, because even
Dean cleared his throat awkwardly and decided that drowning Benny was letting him off too easy. “Well, this is the first they’ve heard of it so, ah… I’ll let you know in a couple of weeks.”
Castiel licked his lips nervously before nodding like an innocent child. “Okay, Dean.”
Lucifer looked winded as all the fight suddenly drained from him. “We’re brothers. Brothers are supposed to give each other a hard time.”
“This calls for celebration,” Dean announced. “You got any alcohol?”
He lost his balance a couple of times on the slippery rocks but he managed to right himself and crouched beside Raphael, watching the fish wiggle closer. He lunged for one and missed by a mile.
“Dean! Stop it! Cas isn’t like that!”
Castiel’s eyes rounded and he stared at Dean for a few long moments. “…So I can see myself…?”
There was a glimmer in Novak’s eyes as though he had just figured out Dean’s game and Dean barely resisted winking at him. He feigned a hurt expression instead and watched Novak calculate how to navigate the new minefield.
He’d been avoiding Sam too, because he was pretty certain that Dean would have painted him as the villain of the weekend and he didn’t have the energy to deal with a protective little brother at the moment – especially not a werewolf of Sam’s size and strength.
Somewhere behind Dean, Sam released a threatening snarl, but Dean shook his head and huffed at his brother reassuringly. “’S alright. He doesn’t understand.”
Gabriel made exaggerated kissy faces in the background and Castiel flipped him off.
He made certain not to look at the bulge in Dean’s underwear as he didn’t want to make the wolf uncomfortable, but he did brush gentle fingers over it as he continue to work on Dean’s thighs. Dean inhaled sharply and Castiel sneaked a glance to see his eyes close, so he stroked the area with a little more intent and relished Dean’s quiet groan.
As he sat on the couch and Dean took the space beside him, their thighs pressed against one another and Dean smelling happier than he’d been for a week, Castiel realised that he was in for a long ride.
Lucifer watched as Dean and Michael glared daggers at one another and he shook his head wearily before crawling to his feet.
“They’ve corrupted you,” scowled Naomi, looking almost feral with her shark-like teeth bared at them. “You’re not worthy of the Novak name.”
“But you are my Alpha now,” Jack frowned and Dean nearly rolled his eyes at the capital
A smile lingered on Gabriel’s features as he watched Dean leave, but when he turned to face his dumbfounded brothers, the expression faded into a frown.
Jack averted his gaze. “…I mean… I guess I felt a little lonely sometimes. There wasn’t much I could do, though. I was at the bottom of the pack and whenever I did let my emotions get the better of me, there were… consequences. It was better to keep quiet.” He offered Adam a smile. “Besides, they didn’t know any better. They always protected me and they taught me to hunt and fight and while there were times that they got angry and exasperated with me, there were a lot of good times too. They were my family and they tried to do what was best for me, even though they didn’t really understand what I was.”
that you challenge me on live television and it leads to such deep discussions. I don’t want it to end and I should be worried about that, but I’m not.”
As Dean and Sam struggled, Castiel and Gabriel joined forces and trapped the pups between them. The pups wriggled and laughed and batted at their captors, prompting Dean and Sam to call a truce and help restrain the four little wolves. They howled in defeat when the adults lay on them.
He began to pace around the room like a trapped tiger, kicking debris as he went. “Why didn’t you tell me sooner?” he snarled at a ruined book as he gave it a vicious kick. “Why’d you just let it take you? We could have worked something out, just like we always do. No one had to die!
John nodded, seeming pleased, but the expression wavered as he glanced at Gabriel. “Uh… we usually do this in our animal forms but… I understand if you wish to remain in this one. I wouldn’t like you to be spotted by a curious human or two.”
. Because of him. No. To
of you always getting a raw deal! Why can’t you just be selfish for once, huh? Why can’t you just look after yourself instead of trying so hard to take care of us?”
“Not yet,” purred Dean. “But I’ll win him over eventually. Perhaps he could come work for me when I’m inaugurated.”
“How long ago did they happen?” he asked softly. “Did you run them under cold water?”
(See the end of the chapter for
in love with Cas,” Dean said, confusing himself further. He thought about the sentence and shook his head again. “Wait, no, that’s not right. Look, can we talk about this later?”
Instead he sighed, soft and relieved. “I’m just glad to hear that you aren’t mad at me.”
“Every… five hours?”
Castiel slid out of the room without a backwards glance and Dean felt himself deflate.
He was no longer particularly interested in eating and the prospect of a box of pies was nauseating to him. He grabbed one slice to keep up appearances and to stop Sam’s damn pitying stare. It only marginally succeeded in distracting his brother.
“A little privacy, please?” Dean growled, holding Castiel tighter. “This is a private conversation.”
“You did and I ate them as soon as you left,” Gabriel said haughtily. “Stop judging me.”
Lucifer’s jaw fell slack when Dean responded by
in love with you. Understand?”
Lucifer scrambled backwards when a security guard attempted to restrain him and he sent the other man a wide-eyed look, which was apparently enough for the guard to believe that he wasn’t a threat. The four guards set their attention on Tim, who was still struggling to regain possession of the bat and after about a minute, the guards had pinned him to the floor.
Castiel had already been introduced and a number of his policies discussed before Dean was called onto the set. Meyers had somehow managed to convince the audience that neither candidate had known that their rival would be accompanying them on the show, but Dean could tell by the glint in Castiel’s eyes that the Democrat had expected him to come, looked forward to it even.
Castiel beamed at Sam as he hung up and shoved the phone into his pocket once more. Sam looked ill.
A delighted smile swept across Jack’s features and his eyes crinkled joyfully. “I always thought I was just a freak.”
“That was cheating,” Dean growled. “You changed the scene.”
Suddenly, Dean dashed forwards and clamped his teeth around the back of Lucifer’s neck. The blond alpha yelped and swiped at Dean’s back, but Dean easily side-stepped him and began to shake the larger alpha until Lucifer managed to dig his claws into his side. The younger alpha growled and slammed Lucifer into the floor and they scuffled with each other for a minute; biting and snapping and snarling until Dean finally lost his patience and pressed his claw heavily into one of the wounds Azazel’s pack had inflicted upon Lucifer the previous day.
,” Dean frowned even as his skin prickled again. “You’ll get over me and you’ll find someone who’ll love you as much as you love them. You’ll forget about last night, I promise.” The words left a foul taste in his mouth and he ignored his rolling stomach. Why couldn’t his body just settle?
The woman was beside Castiel before Dean had a chance to respond and she scowled at Castiel with pursed lips.
Chuck shot him a withering glare. “She’s annoyingly fond of you.”
He stared at the grime on the floor and wondered if he should stay where he was a little longer. Walking seemed a bit impractical at the moment.
He knew that face.
“Wait, there is… there’s one thing she’s afraid of. There’s one thing strong enough to stop her.”
“If I win this election, I can assign security to you. They won’t be able to get to you unless you allow them to,” Castiel continued, keeping the desperation out of his tone. “All you have to do is wait five weeks.”
“You should,” said Castiel cheerily before he squinted at the grey clouds amassing above them. “Perhaps we should head inside?”
Dean swallowed and downed his beer.
*           *           *
“A new arrangement has been made,” said The Shadow with a wicked smile.
Jack glanced between the three adults and fell silent as they continued their journey, but it was clear that there were more questions waiting to burst free.
A frown pinched Lisa’s eyebrows. “Then shouldn’t you be getting on with Bruce’s surgery report? And his referring vet letter for that matter?”
“Now, when you say that, are you referring to his aesthetics or his politics?”
They walked through the forest in a heavy silence with Lucifer trailing behind his brothers miserably. They had steered clear of the river and without the ability to fish, had been forced to survive off what little fruit they could find in the past four days.
Castiel trailed off then sighed heavily and Dean had a feeling that his head had just dropped into his hands.
Finally, Jody bustled through the crowd and worked her magic first on Raphael before progressing to Lucifer. As Michael waited his turn, Dean lapped hesitantly at the fresh wounds on his chest and the older alpha raised his head and stared at Dean with wide eyes. Dean met his gaze briefly before turning his attention to the deep claw marks intersecting old injuries on Michael’s side. He lapped at them to stem the blood flow and Michael exhaled shakily as he watched three other wolves aid Dean’s mission.
“Promise me you won’t ever go back to him,” Dean murmured.
And so, the fun begins!
Castiel’s eyes widened for a fraction of a second before his brain apparently caught up with the escape offer. He gently grasped the hand cupped around his cheek and grazed his lips over Dean’s knuckles, raising his gaze slowly to meet Dean’s in a perfect execution of bedroom eyes.
“Go home and I’ll catch up to you later,” Dean grunted as he fingered through his tool kit, searching.
dry?”
… I’ve got to say, it’s almost as though you’re making me out to be some evil villain, which you never implied when you believed that I was straight. Overall, I’m not sure that I like this message you’re sending – do you have an issue with my bisexuality?”
“Rabbits aren’t that hard to catch,” Raphael shrugged, nodding to a lone doe rabbit nibbling at a dandelion a little distance away. “Dick said that even children can catch rabbits.”
Dean startled at the stray thought. Where had that come from? What did it mean? What was he missing?
John deflated a little and flicked an uncertain gaze to Gabriel and Castiel. “I realise it’s unconventional, but… you’re very welcome to join. If you like.”
“So… let me get this straight. Those ‘resets’ were part of a program that you and Jack created because I died and heaven was out of service. Except the program glitched and I was catapulted out of my happy little nymph illusion and thrown into an
“Lazy old mutt,” Adam muttered to himself as he clambered to his paws. A round of excited yips followed, accompanied by a half-hearted growl from Bobby.
Castiel’s resolve was barely holding on by a thread and he shook his head slowly. “You’re just saying that because you want me to change my mind. You don’t really feel that way. You’ll realise that you made a mistake the moment things get heated between us and you’ll run away again.”
The resounding
“…I’m sorry,” Jack said with a confused frown. “I thought I was inviting you to play. That’s how it was done in my old pack.”
“They’re incompetent,” Castiel snarled as he prowled around his office like a caged tiger. “Utterly useless. They should be fired!”
“You don’t know that.”
“Depends… were any of his girlfriends blood-sucking vampires?” Castiel asked forlornly.
Promised there'd be destiel! ;)
“You’re… firing me?” Sam manages, struggling to stop his eyes from sliding to black. Angels were intimidated by the black, soulless gaze of a demon and such a display was grounds to call the authorities for potential aggression.
Before Castiel could blink, Dean had a hand wrapped around Chuck’s throat as he pinned the smaller man to the wall.
It wasn’t when he watched Sam grieve for his dead brother for decades before finally drifting off into an eternal slumber, his son by his side.
“Not to me,” Dean said quietly and Lucifer internally cursed himself for allowing the other alpha to hear the weakness in his voice. Why couldn’t Dean growl and shout at him like any normal alpha would?
and from the corner of his eye, Dean spotted the swirling pit of the Empty open up on the far wall.
“We can be friends, right?” Dean pleaded. He was going to hurl.
Castiel rose to his feet slowly and seemed surprised when Dean linked their hands.
“Wanna get some pizza?” Dean asked suddenly. “On me. I’m starving.”
Castiel trembled with raw rage. “You’ve cause me more pain this morning than my father ever has.”
The pups glanced at one another and challenging grins stole over their faces. Adam quirked his lips as he closed his eyes, basking in the morning sunlight as he listened to the sound of scampering pup paws racing into the grasses. Beside him, a doe rabbit popped her head out of the long grass and blinked at him in surprise. He huffed at her non-threateningly and she relaxed a fraction before disappearing back into the meadow. She knew that her family wasn’t at risk from these four pups and their older companion, but that didn’t mean that they wouldn’t return, hungry for her siblings. She would put her thoughts to the elders and maybe they could post a few more guards during the twilight hours.
Chuck squared his jaw and straightened. “I’m starting again because I’m
“I hate thunderstorms!” Hannah exclaimed as her long raven locks frizzed and plastered to her face in thick, wet, ropey strands. Water cascaded down her pale skin, leaving goosebumps in its wake and she shuddered slightly as the wind pummelled the tree she was sheltering under.
Adam stilled, eyes wide and nervous as he attempted to make himself appear unthreatening. Why had he wandered out here alone when he knew how fast Jack was?
“Dude,” Dean protested. “I mated Cas because I
Dean grimaced. “It was
Castiel practically melted into his hold. “No, but I should inform you that I’m already taken,” he sighed, looking quite pleased with himself.
Demons do not work for any member of the royal family or for any noble, for that matter. Scotland is entirely independent of the ties between the other four countries of Enoch and it is not a member of the Commonwealth. This leaves Hell as the only demon-run government under His Majesty’s rule and even Hell has no demonic nobles.
Castiel was growing more and more distressed. “What do you mean? You’re not making any sense.”
They claimed one another’s mouths before Castiel bit hard at Dean’s lip; enough to draw blood, and Dean snarled as he suddenly wrapped his hand around Castiel’s throat and kissed him until their lips were bruised and sore.
Dean came to a halt and cocked an eyebrow at Castiel as the man stopped beside him. “Why would I do that?”
The tool appeared beneath the car and Dean made sure to ‘accidentally’ brush Cas’ fingers as he accepted the wrench, just to brighten his angel up a little.
Cas was a wrench in the repetitive grind his daily life had become and Dean had never expected to laugh so much at a vampire’s antics, but Cas was… Cas was something else. He wasn’t at all what Dean had expected of him and he clearly didn’t fit in with the rest of his family. He was considerate towards Dean – going so far as to warn him of the blood in some of the food, and he had gone out of his way to ensure Dean wouldn’t accidentally ingest any wolfsbane or come into contact with moonstone. He was a caring man when it came to his grandfather and he valued faithfulness and loyalty in a way that his sister most definitely didn’t. He was a good person and for some reason, his family punished him for it.
Castiel grinned. “I suppose I’m special then?”
This is complete, but it's a bit lengthy to upload in one go. Hope you enjoy~
“That’s better,” Chuck muttered under his breath and Castiel frowned angrily but refused to rise to the bait.
“Maybe… maybe we could try something different? We could get regular jobs? Work for someone else’s company instead of trying to start our own?” Raphael suggested half-heartedly.
He made his way towards a tall, leafy tree and sat in the shadows of its branches as he watched Dean and Castiel whisper between themselves. He felt like a child on thin ice with his parents, which was ridiculous because he was older than Dean and his own parents had never nipped him on the ear and forced him to apologise to his brothers for
What was wrong with Castiel? Why was he suddenly so distasteful of Dean’s company? Were there some lingering feelings over their last fight that Castiel hadn’t revealed? Was he still upset with Dean? Either way, Dean felt that the Democrat was being unfair to him – public humiliation wasn’t the most noble way of resolving a personal affront.
The lips shifted to his cheek and trailed gently over the thin wound there and Dean’s hand slid to the bruise on Castiel’s head, shielding it protectively from the rest of the world. Castiel tugged Dean down until he was collapsed on top of the vampire, skin flush against skin and hearts racing with one another. Cas snaked his arms around Dean and littered his shoulder with kisses, relishing the feeling of Dean’s hot body against his.
Castiel shot Dean an unimpressed stare. “Which is why he spends all of his waking life at your heel?”
Come on, then; share with the class. On a scale of chicken incinerator to melting horse hooves for glue, how hot was the foreplay?”
house. The house given to him by his grandfather – the only family member to have accepted his confession with a smile and an offer of a freshly-baked cookie.
“So, do we never kill anything during training?” Alex asked curiously.
Sam forced down his laughter. “Yeah, well, good luck. He only sleeps with things that have breasts. And he’s not all that fond of bats.”
Dean grinned, slow and wide and stared as intensely as he could possibly manage into his opponent’s eyes. He lowered his voice to a sultry purr.
Benny arched an intimidating eyebrow. “You got any better ideas?”
was only the beginning.”
“Thank you,” he managed. “You didn’t have to do that.”
A smirk curled at Dean’s lips. If Castiel wasn’t going to hold back, then neither was he.
“Is that what Daddy told you?” Hannah sneered.
. “Well, that and watching you knot my gorgeous mate whilst she was in heat. That convinced me to keep you.”
Everything felt somehow clearer now that he had slept and he remembered that he needed to apologise to Dean. He headed towards the door and eyed the large blood sigil adorning its top half. He remembered drawing that symbol to protect Dean.
Castiel nodded embarrassedly. “That sums it up rather nicely. Yes.”
Balthazar and Hannah trotted behind them and privately admired how hot Gadreel was when he flipped into lead alpha mode. From the way he held himself to the way he smelled, Gadreel oozed appeal even when he wasn’t acting soft and gentle with his lovers. This side of the alpha had certainly made heats and ruts a lot more fun.
Dean blinked at his mate in surprise before clearing his throat. “Maybe… maybe think before you speak, yeah?” he said to Michael. “Wild folk aren’t as, ah…
Dean jerked backwards sharply, eyes wide and shocked. “I… I’m so sorry. I have no idea why I…”
Sam’s shoulders sagged. Nobody should be alone at this time of year – not even vampires.
“That is
“…Yeah.”
Sam shook his head angrily. “Alright. Well… one for the road.” He clenched his fist and rammed it hard into Chuck’s mouth, only to recoil with a wince and a pain in his knuckles as though he had just punched a particularly solid rock.
Gabriel abruptly reared backwards. “We’ll have to wait a few weeks though.”
Dean swallowed thickly as he felt consciousness slipping from him. He smiled up at Billie thinly.
I might think how amazing a friend you are and how wonderful the day has been, and I’ll lean in and forget that you don’t feel the same way, and I’ll kiss you. You’ll push me away and I’ll remember all over again.” He scowled at Dean bitterly. “And it’ll hurt so much worse than it does today.”
Dean nodded, satisfied and glanced around the rest of his pack with a pointed look that said
He was broken out of reverie by Castiel’s sharp curse and he startled when the Democrat suddenly pulled free of his light hold. Castiel’s face fell into his hands despairingly. “I can’t do this.”
Samandriel’s brow furrowed as he faced Michael. “So, you’d prefer people to hate you instead of making an effort to talk to them? That’s kinda stupid.”
“Please,” begged Castiel. “Don’t let him see this. It’s unfair! Reconsider. Do we really need a hunt?”
“Well, maybe you should get some rest then,” Dean said despite that being the last thing that he wanted at the moment when there was a rather large elephant in the room, “and then we can talk when you wake up?” He wondered if he perhaps sounded a little too hopeful.
Castiel shook his head again, looking pale. “If I’d have known, I wouldn’t have rammed into you like some depraved animal. I would have worked you up slowly, carefully… Dean, I’m so sorry. That was… that must have been a horrible first experience. You must have been in so much
Lucifer smirked. “Gabriel not told you that story?”
*           *           *
Just as Lucifer leaned down to take a bite of muscle, Benny lurched forwards with a snarl and Lucifer scuttled backwards in surprise.
Chest swelling with pride, Dean smirked and nipped his lover’s jaw. “Keep sweet-talking me like that and I might think you have a thing for me…”
Dean didn’t hate him, nor did anyone else in the pack.
Cas stared at him with wide eyes. “No wonder you didn’t want to come here.”
Dean frowned in confusion. “Why not?”
from a pack of irate timbers. He’s weird. He seems confused about what alphas, betas and omegas are.”
“Now this is an interesting development,” he teased as he drew Castiel closer. He watched the Democrat shy away from him, averting his gaze so he didn’t have to look upon Dean’s smirk. “We’ve not known each other all that long; a couple of months at the most. How can I have possibly won you over in such a short amount of time?”
Dean hesitated. He couldn’t tell Cas that he had done it to prevent him from summoning the Empty and he couldn’t tell him that it was to save his life.
Sam was… annoyingly competent. And friendly. And a huge help around the practice.
“Mind your mouth,” he warned.
So, he shoved his trolley with the standard wonky wheel up the bread aisle and tried his best not to aim for the annoying child that kept jumping in front of everyone’s carts.
“Cas, I’m sorry, that was insensitive. I shouldn’t have asked and it’s none of my business-”
“So, usually I’d blame your misery on your parents and the rest of your
“Then let me go and never speak to me again and we can stop hurting each other!” Castiel snapped.
Castiel pulled at his sleeves again, this time seeming more aware of the movement. He licked his lips and looked away for a moment, hesitant, and Dean was about to apologise when the Democrat turned to him with a quiet sigh.
“They’re sure,” grumbled a voice to his left – a rich, slightly accented voice that belonged to none other than Crowley. “We puppysat yesterday. Your turn.”
“Is my fierce alpha really saying that he doesn’t think he can protect me?”
“We can’t leave them to die, Cas,” Gabriel insisted. “They’re our brothers.”
Jack smiled patiently as Michael whispered, “Adam?”
“Rule three: No poisoning me or drugging me or
Dean raised his eyes to meet Castiel’s, daring to hope that the angel had one more trick up his sleeve; that he would-
“Have you spoken to Bartholomew yet?” Anna asked excitedly. “He’s been waiting for you. I think he’s going to ask Father if he can try a second courtship with you. Isn’t it wonderful? You two always did make such a perfect couple!”
There are various sounds of alarm as the gathered demons realise that they will be having a personal interview with the omega prince and some sets of wings begin to tremble with apprehension. Dean scoffs quietly and crosses his arms. “He’d never pick a demon. Probably thinks we’re too aggressive.”
nice body.
For a brief second, Michael contemplated leaning against his brother, in search of comfort. He decided against it and scowled at himself for being needy and un-alpha-like.
Castiel glowered at him with all the heat and intensity of a wildfire. “You want to win the election, don’t you? Why wouldn’t you take advantage?”
Not entirely certain what possessed him to do so other than the way Metatron was glaring at him, Dean turned and gently nuzzled Castiel’s hair, satisfied when Metatron’s face grew redder. Cas seemed a little caught-out by the demonstration but his easy smile soon returned and, playing along, he gazed up at Dean tenderly and cupped his cheek for a moment.
Knowing he wasn’t going to get anywhere with Cas, he turned to Dean with a pleading gaze. “Please, Dean. Just until I know they’re healed enough to get home on their own.”
Azazel flicked his gaze to the distant trees as his pack paused their assault and pricked their ears up.
“…I’m sorry, Gabriel,” he said quietly. He flicked his gaze to Dean and tensed in anticipation for the clawed face he was certain to receive.
and he groaned softly as his head ached.
He didn’t budge from his spot on the carpet, so Dean attacked and claimed his mouth hard and merciless, and Castiel clutched his shirt and nipped at his lips possessively.
Dean tilted his head adorably as he regarded Cas and the vampire averted his gaze before he did something he would ultimately regret.
With a disdainful curl of his lips, Bartholomew glanced over Dean. “You can’t be serious, Castiel. He’s a
Castiel buried his face into Dean’s shoulder and let himself be held. For the first time in a long time, he felt safe. Dean would keep him safe; safe from his father, safe from his nest, safe from the world.
Dean?” he asked instead, since that seemed like a rather pertinent question.
He took a step forward and promptly crumpled to the floor. He had forgotten how legs worked, it seemed, or maybe his legs had forgotten that they existed.
“Lucifer! Are you alright? Did he hurt you anywhere else? How’s your neck? Your ears?” Raphael asked hurriedly, inspecting Lucifer’s head and neck.
“I love you,” Castiel blurted out, a red tinge blossoming over his own shocked features a second later. He shook his head, clearly embarrassed by the outburst and he made to back away from Dean, but the Republican held fast and grinned at him.
“Raphael, run,” he ordered.
Dean looked shocked by the interruption and Castiel was too stunned to explain that he didn’t want his entire nest to descend on the werewolf.
The prince’s head is resting on the soft arm of the chair and he would have looked comfortable had it not been for his wings being trapped at strange angles between him and the back of the chair. Sam grimaces and hopes that they won’t be too cramped when he awakes.
said something,” Hannah scoffed. “Or have you already forgotten that awful fight you had?” She shot Gadreel a glare. “I nearly slapped you after all those things you said about omegas.”
“Get out!” Chuck roared and Castiel bristled.
Dean shrugged. “I feel like I can be honest with you. Thanks for not freaking out.”
Somewhere behind Dean and Castiel, Jody cursed and zipped inside for her medical bag.
“Then perhaps the test needs to be reviewed, but I don’t believe that it should be entirely scrapped. There should be at least a basic level of understanding of our country when one wishes to live in it,” Dean scowled, stamping down on his impatience.
Castiel heaved a sigh of relief and stroked Dean’s cheek briefly before crawling off him. For a moment, no one spoke, then John cleared his throat.
“Yeah?” Dean asked softly as he eased away from the door and slowly made his way to the bed. “Yeah, I was kinda hoping for the same thing.” He perched beside the angel and carefully placed a hand over Castiel’s. “Well… almost the same.”
want a pup,” Gabriel agreed, tone verging on a whine.
Dean’s brows pinched together as his brain tried to function through the foggy haze of alcohol.
“Wasn’t just me,” he mumbled. “You did a pretty good job yourself.”
“Do shut up, Lucifer,” huffed Michael. “We’re all hungry.”
He shook his head and managed to meet Sam’s gaze. “You know what? That pain’s not gonna go away. Right?”
The joviality drained from Benny face and his expression grew solemn. “Ol’ Ramsey was shot in the back of the head by an air gun. So, no; I’m not a fan of firearms.”
friend’s party when you’re working?”
Bartholomew’s smile wavered for a moment before he closed his eyes, seemingly pained.
“Whatever you say, Grinch,” she grinned and Castiel’s stomped down on the urge to smile.
“…What if you already had a boyfriend?” he asked slowly.
thought Dean incredulously.
“Cas,” Dean called softly.
“How?” Castiel roared. “How could I have stopped it? My parents don’t listen to me! My nest ignores me when I beg them to end the tradition! If I report that a man has been killed by vampires, no one will believe me! If I report that my family has murdered someone, they’ll just drain the officers who come to arrest them! Tell me how I could have saved that man’s life, Dean! Because I have been trying for
him like this. He couldn’t remember the last time anyone had stood up for him against his nest.
Dean rolled his eyes. “Yeah, okay. Point made. I’ll go talk to our
Dean smiled into his drink and wondered how all those butterflies got trapped in his chest; he must have inhaled a lot of caterpillars as a kid.
Castiel sagged with relief and closed the distance between them. He reached out to touch Dean but aborted the movement before he could make contact and Dean’s heart twanged painfully like a broken guitar string.
“No,” agrees Sam. “But he can certainly make life difficult for us if we refuse, right?”
competitor for this election?”
Sam nipped his neck and Michael snarled at him frustratedly.
“Dean?” Castiel asked, voice cracking with emotion.
Michael was taken aback by the little alpha’s intelligence. It had never crossed his mind that Samandriel would be
Michael shot him a withering glare and Lucifer grimaced, knowing he had just landed himself as the object of his brother’s ire. He turned his head away and forced himself to be silent, ignoring the puzzled looks he received from the surrounding Winchester pack members.
Sam blinks and nods carefully, uncertain whether he’s allowed to ask such a question.
As always, constructive criticism, comments, and suggestions always welcome :)
“Hey!” Adam called. “Wait! You can’t just leave him! How is he supposed to survive without a pack?” The other omega looked no older than Adam and Adam knew for a fact that he couldn’t survive on his own – how was this omega expected to?
“Everything alright, Cas?” Dean asked calmly as he pretended that he wasn’t tired enough to assume Castiel had been a spirit set on haunting him.
his mind screamed.
“Prizes are what you win at a six-year-old’s birthday party. I’m more likely to find you at a gallery,” he commented as their drinks arrived.
A grin began to bloom over Samandriel’s features and his tail swayed lightly. Lucifer huffed and dropped his head to his paws once more.
Adam paused before a frown creased his features. “If it had been another pack or a different creature who had found him, they probably would have killed him. Dean though, he wanted to fix Gadreel. He was very kind to do that.”
“Damn it, Cas!” Dean snapped. “I’m worried about you! You’ve been off with me since we began, you’ve accused me of things you know aren’t true, and now I find that after you begged me to help you escape, you went back to your abusive boyfriend! Don’t I deserve an explanation? Everyone in that audience thinks I’m a dick, but I don’t care because I’m more concerned about you! Don’t you understand that? I’m willing to lose every vote I have if it means making sure you’re okay!”
Dean squared his jaw. “You’re right. And if I was in your position, I’d be telling me to go screw myself. But I’m not in your position and I’m selfish and I’m going to tell you that I want you, because it’s true.” He stepped forward and grabbed Castiel’s hands, keeping a firm grip when Castiel instinctively tried to snatch them away.
“Screw it,” grinned Michael enthusiastically. “Screw all of it. Let’s just go. Let’s do something fun and wreckless. Everyone’s so intent on insulting us and telling us that we can’t do anything without our parents… let’s prove them all
thought Chuck with an amused smirk as he waited for the Impala to coast out of view. He picked himself up off the ground and dusted off his jacket.
“That’s the details for Meyers. Now, leave before you give me an aneurism.”
“What sort of chocolate do you collect?” Sam asked politely.
*             *             *
The only thought on his mind was Dean.
Castiel’s heart raced as they made their way back to the house. Dean had come to his rescue once again and the best part? He had put Bartholomew in his place. His own fight with his ex had been rather satisfying after years of pent-up emotions, but watching Dean sucker-punch him in the face had made certain parts of his body
“Father,” Castiel begged quietly. “This will be torture for him. You know it will.”
“I’m getting real tired of you,” Dean said calmly as Chuck scrambled helplessly at his arm, gasping in little panicked breaths of air.
“It is… a pleasant surprise though,” Castiel murmured as he rotated his hand and slotted his fingers with Dean’s until they were palm to palm.
. You can’t lead me on and then drop me whenever you feel like it!”
Dean released his neck but continued to restrain the larger alpha.
The scruffy alpha chuckled. “I take that as a
Castiel clenched his fists and suddenly unsheathed his teeth. Gabriel straightened, humour draining from his expression, and his pupils narrowed into something more reptilian. He stretched an arm in front of Sam, almost protectively, as the werewolf froze in shock.
“I’ll get you some tea,” Sam offered. “Sit down, Cas. You look like you’re about to fall over.”
“Happiness isn’t in just saying it,” Castiel clarified. “It’s not enough to just
Dean snorted and slapped Castiel’s arm in mock scolding. “I wouldn’t have had a ‘gay panic’.”
Finally, Dean pulled back to kiss Castiel’s forehead and rest his lips there. “Is that a ‘yes’?”
“Cut me some slack, man,” Dean said desperately as he ran his fingers through his hair. “Within the last week, I’ve worked out that I may not only be into women, I’ve done stuff with a guy, I’ve been hunted, I’ve been rejected, I’ve developed a crush on a vampire – my supposed sworn enemy – and after having only known him for a week, I’ve realised that I want to try something serious with him…” Dean gazed helplessly at Castiel. “I’m
child
“Lucifer, you’re going to fall,” Michael said with a frown.
“Luc and I had a fight.”
He flicked his gaze to Sam and found his brother staring morosely into space. “What? What’s wrong?”
“Sam! Sammy!” There is a series of heavy banging on the front door and Sam closes his eyes briefly and takes a breath before walking calmy towards the source of the disturbance. “Sam! Open the damn door!”
Castiel hesitated. “Maybe. It depends. You might decide that you don’t like it or you might decide that you do.” He shook his head. “But I won’t wait for you. I won’t put my life on hold whilst you figure out yours. If I find someone in the meantime – someone who loves me – then I’m not waiting to see if you
Castiel would chuckle quietly and rock back against Dean until the Republican was buried inside him up to the hilt, and he would tell Dean that he was wrong and that the Democratic Party was clearly going to win. Dean would grin and hold him tighter, protectively, and brush a thumb over the head of his leaking erection. Castiel would moan and whine as Dean’s hips slapped against his ass and they would argue and debate their policies in between wet, open-mouthed kisses as they fought against their impending climaxes. Neither of them would want to come first; both attempting to prove their own superiority and right to the Presidency in their intense competition, yet they would cling to each other with obvious desperation and passion.
They lapsed into an awkward silence.
Castiel narrowed his eyes in a fiery glare and Dean’s gut burned with arousal as the flame between them flared brighter.
Dean looked dismayed but he nodded quietly. “Is there any hope?” he murmured. “Once I figure it out?”
“Dean, I think you need more time to figure this out. It’s hard to learn something new about yourself.”
Raphael suddenly returned from the water with a small, thrashing pike between his jaws. He wagged his tail cheekily at Lucifer.
They mouthed at each other’s lips, nipping and sucking gently until they were forced to part for air.
“But they can’t attack other wolves,” growled Adam.
“So?” Gabriel probed, turning to Castiel expectantly. “You going to tell us what happened at your parents’ ball? I’ve usually had all the juicy details by now, but this year, I’ve barely had anything!”
Gabriel chuckled and licked at a small cut on Sam’s cheek. “Yeah. It was amazing.”
The sequel is finally here!
in the most important contest I’ve ever taken part in. The one man who can ruin
“Gabe…” Sam whispered. “Do you want pups?”
“Why’s that?” the prince asks coldly.
Dean knew he was going to lose the argument but he ploughed on anyway because no other pack would be stupid enough to take in as many strays as the Winchester pack did. “Adam, no offense, but you weren’t a normal case. Most wolves can fight by seventeen. Dad had issues. Jack isn’t our responsibility.” He frowned at Sam. “And why are you okay with this? Adam and Cas, I can understand – they don’t have the same experience with strays that we do. But you… I thought you’d be wiser than that, especially after Ruby.”
Jack nodded in amusement. “I challenged you and you responded. If you didn’t want me to pin you, you should have fought back.”
Dean nodded slowly and his gaze roamed over Castiel for a few seconds before he caught the vampire’s gaze.
Castiel froze as horror crawled over his features. “Is he
And since when did Gabriel allow himself to be
He snuggled deeper into Dean’s side and the werewolf held him tighter as he smoothed a hand up and down his back in a calming fashion.
Cas looked surprised and then he smiled wide and beautiful and Dean couldn’t help but grin back.
“Where are we going to get new prey at this hour?” Anna asked, genuinely perplexed. “It’s not that big of a deal, Cassie. Just… entertain Dean in your room if you think he won’t approve.”
“You can do as you like providing this situation never occurs again,” Castiel said, gesturing between the two of them.
“Are you lovers?” Michael asked bluntly.
“I will end it right here if you don’t call the nest off,” Castiel whispered above his father.
Should have been revising but decided to update this fic instead...
“I slide your pants down and feel you slide mine off too. That first press of my leaking dick against yours makes me groan and I wrap one arm around you to hold you tight. My other hand curls around our dicks and I squeeze them hard as we thrust together.”
Prince Castiel’s eyes flash a bright blue and Dean retreats a step. He can’t remember what the angel’s power is but he’s pretty certain that an angel’s irises lighting up is bad news. He holds his hands up placatingly as Prince Castiel’s wings flare outwards.
would improve the country is far less useful than actually
“…Yes, but-”
The end to that train of thought was like a kick to the stomach and another broken sob was punched out of Dean.
Suddenly, his entire body popped with scales and his skin faded to white and glittering gold. Leathery wings sprouted from his back and his irises flowed with silvers and coppers and golds as his pupils constricted to slits. Smoke trailed from his lips and a slender tail uncurled as his body twisted and moulded into something distinctly reptilian, with gazelle-like horns rising from his skull.
Dean stared at the bare wall.
Sam snorted and shook his head to clear the shock from his face. “Yeah, no. I don’t think anyone expected
Finally, they picked up the paper that had been left outside their door and read through the front-page article all about them.
The tan hound yawned before nestling back into Dean’s warmth. Castiel narrowed his eyes at the creature as something dangerously close to jealousy swirled around the pit of his stomach. He swore that dog had a personal mission to snatch Dean’s attention away from him.
And so, the inhabitants of The Empty slept.
“He was only trying to help,” murmured Jody once she had returned to her canine form. Lucifer raised an eyebrow at her.
The grainy picture had been all over the news and prince Castiel hadn’t been seen in public for months afterwards. The family tried to brush it under the carpet but everyone had talked about the scandal for nearly a year, from Saturday night comedy sketches to debating politicians. The alpha that Prince Castiel had been caught with changed his name and fled the continent and no one could locate him.
The irritation fades from Gabriel’s expression and he shakes his head. “They’re fine,” he says quietly before continuing his journey.
He skidded to a halt inside a small weeping willow and paused to catch his breath. Castiel collapsed against him with a sigh and Dean swivelled his head to take a look at him. He blinked at the blood trickling down the bat’s fox-like head and the gash in his right wing.
He’d told Dean that he loved him.
Growling softly, Adam looked to his brothers for help. Sam and Dean smirked back at him and Dean even had the audacity to wave a paw at him as though saying
The phrase took on a whole new meaning; the plea hadn’t been Dean begging him to stay, as Castiel had originally assumed.
the race was over.” He levelled Dean with a hot glare and the Republican smiled lazily.
Castiel squeezed his eyes shut. He wanted so badly for that person to be Dean, but he had to stand by his decision. It was better that way for both of them.
Adam shrunk in on himself, shame and guilt eating away at his gut until he could no longer stand the heavy silence between them. He shuffled towards Jack with drooping ears and carefully nuzzled the omega’s tears away.
There was the sound of panicked running, and Adam surged upwards to clamp his teeth around Jack’s muzzle. A startled noise was ripped from Jack and he scrambled backwards as Adam rolled to his feet and raised his hackles at the other teen.
attracted to you.”
Dean watched his eyes flutter shut and he kissed the Democrat’s hair before holding him close and dreaming of a life where Castiel was utterly his.
Balthazar raked his gaze over Dean, unimpressed. “Your family isn’t going to like this.”
They watched the pups finish their meal and Castiel flicked his gaze to his lover with a fond smile.
Castiel was stiff with discomfort and anger and Dean had to force himself not to wrinkle his nose with the scent of it.
has noticed.”
Dean pulled away and continued with dessert, leaving Castiel to regulate his own breathing and rapid heartbeat. After a moment, he had it under control and he was just about to bite into a piece of meringue when he noticed Bartholomew scowling at him from two tables down.
Castiel opened his eyes to find Meg standing over him.
“Why would I tell him?” Castiel bit out. “Why would I tell my only rival that I have a secret boyfriend who doesn’t want his face in the media? Think about what you’re saying, Luc. It sounds ridiculous!”
Suddenly, a panicked inhale and a bout of uncoordinated splashing caught Michael’s attention. He glanced down the river, to a spot at least twenty metres away, and watched as his brother fought frantically against the current and the rocks and fallen trees he was being hurled against.
“They bullied you,” protested Adam. “They insulted you and attacked you when you stood up for yourself. That’s not family.”
Castiel huffed as he narrowly avoided a large oak only to smack into the branch of a curving elm. Gabriel cackled above him and it didn’t escape Castiel’s notice that the Winchester family were also stifling laughter. With narrow eyes, he snapped off a twig and hurled it at Gabriel petulantly, smirking when it hit Gabriel directly between the eyes.
Dean shook his head regretfully. “I shouldn’t have drunk so much that I forgot your boundaries.” He paused. “Even if I did enjoy it.”
Nothing existed in The Empty except for the hollowed-out shells of its inhabitants. They couldn’t
Dean waved a hand dismissively. “It keeps killing me. Look, it’s not important. I just… I really want this time to end happy for us, okay? Cas is alive, Michael’s on our side, Chuck’s powerless, and Jack is… well, I’m not sure what Jack’s going to do yet. Maybe he’ll stay with us, maybe he won’t, but things are… things are looking up right now. If we could just beat the Empty-”
He should have taken Benny’s advice and smoothed things over between them because right now, he was a bundle of tension and regret and there was no way he would be able to focus on the debate.
“Maybe it’s an instinct?” Cas mused as Dean continued to mark him. “Maybe you feel sorry for me? Like when humans pity an orphaned animal and take it in. Maybe subconsciously, you see me as in need of a nest, or
“He’s not our problem,” Dean pointed out. “Just because he’s alone, it doesn’t make him our responsibility. He could be dangerous – especially if he acts like a timber. We can’t just take in every stray wolf we come across. What if he’s not who you think he is and he ends up murdering one of our pack?”
“But you don’t… reciprocate,” Castiel whispered as the epiphany struck.
Castiel smiled at them gently. “He’s joking. You’ll have fun. Come on, Sam, let’s leave the students to their lunches in peace.”
He stared coldly at Sam’s back. “You need to take surgery more seriously. An animal’s life was at stake whilst you were cracking jokes about your love life. It’s highly inappropriate.”
Castiel sagged and gently curled his fingers around Dean’s hand. “I want you even though I shouldn’t,” Castiel confessed quietly. “I want you to kiss me until I forget the taste of Lucifer’s lips. I want you to hold me and touch me until I forget the feeling of his hands. I wish I was yours, not his.”
He sat upright and smiled as his arms woke up. Carefully, with the precision of a master mathematician, he planted his feet on the floor and drew himself upwards. He took one step and then another and his smile widened when his legs held strong.
Benny tilted his head and sniffed the air curiously. “I don’t smell anything wrong. Other than those Novak alphas,” he huffed.
“Are you okay?” Dean whispered worriedly.
“That would be sensible,” Castiel agreed, looking slightly red-faced.
“Have you heard about the new resident?” Lisa asked casually.
Michael carefully perched on the arm rest of the couch. “We don’t need them. We can do this without them.”
Castiel chuckled breathlessly and squeezed Dean tighter. “I can see. What flavour?”
It seems that the Royal Family eat together at the extravagant table in the dining hall and the servers bustle in, swiping all the plates from the hot stand. There is one demon amongst them and she appears harried as she jogs after the flock of angels.
“Well done,” he smiled at the pup before nudging her shoulder. The old rabbit kicked out at his nose and he jerked backwards as the grumpy buck ambled towards a burrow entrance.
“You know, it’s really unusual for a werewolf to have the urge to scent mark someone they only met a day ago,” Dean murmured beside Castiel’s ear as he gave into the desire to press his face into Cas’ hair and inhale. He smelled like
“…I can’t fill everything in until you’ve shown me around,” Sam mumbled.
A hurried type on his phone later and Benny was suddenly shoving the device in front of Dean’s face. “You’re a meme.”
“…What do you hoard?” Sam asked cautiously, distracting the dragon from scowling daggers into the side of Castiel’s face.
“Get up,” huffed Gadreel and Jack did so. “I’ll escort you back to camp.”
rejected
“What do I do?”
Alarm bells blared in Dean’s mind, and not only because of the atrocity Cas had just admitted to. “You
“Thank you, Alpha,” Jack said softly, gaze on Dean.
Once the pouring was complete, Chuck stood and tapped a spoon against the wall of his glass. It rang out sharply through the hall and silence fell.
Tim marched up to him, fists clenched. “You don’t remember me, do you?” he asked in the sort of voice that suggested he had never quite been able to graduate from Elementary school.
Adam stared at the omega incredulously. “Why are you defending them? They basically left you to die! They’re cruel and unfeeling. They’re monsters!”
“He didn’t,” Cas reassured, rubbing his cheek against Dean’s head in a scent mark of his own. “Although I think Adam is uncomfortable with him. He’s very impatient. He didn’t even offer to clean Jack up. Not that he needed it, mind you.”
“So, he just… floored you?” asked Dean amusedly as he snuffled at his lover’s ear. “No way you could throw him off?”
Dean bit back a growl and plastered on a wide grin. “Excuse me ma’am, but you don’t even know what I do.”
Michael rolled his eyes. “I told you not to-” He cut himself off as he looked to the water around the rocks where Lucifer
Dean’s brows pinched together as he returned his gaze to the image. He wasn’t too familiar with the world of BDSM but he understood a few basics. Why would the dom smirk if his sub said ‘make me’? And why would the sub be angry about it? He tilted his head at the picture, trying to make sense of it.
Castiel blinked and nodded slowly. “I… I promise.” He squinted and took in the exhaustion behind Dean’s eyes. “How many times have you been through this, Dean? How many times have you… died and been hurled back through time?”
Jack opened his mouth but promptly snapped it shut again with a scowl. He looked as though he had more to say but something was keeping him from saying it and Adam had a feeling that it was the fact that he was a beta. He rolled his eyes, unwilling to explain that Jack could argue with him despite their genders. He didn’t have any intention of causing himself a headache.
Michael’s ears drooped. “I… I don’t understand. Why else would you mate Castiel unless you wanted a child to pass your pack onto?”
Michael quickly joined them and his hand reached towards Lucifer before pausing and aborting the movement altogether.
“He won’t like us working for royalty. The place will be crawling with angels,” Dean continues, ignoring Sam’s response. “He won’t like us being looked down on like that.”
“Adam,” he said frantically, looking about himself in a useless manner. “Adam, where are you?”
to be around you, and yet ever since I spoke to you on CNN, I can’t get my mind off you! You keep finding new ways to surprise me and I should
Eyes sliding shut and a soft sigh tumbling from his lips, Lucifer trailed after his brother. He could smell the sour scent of rage and spite rolling off the other alpha in thick waves. He tried to convince himself that Michael really did just want a quick conversation with him but he knew that he was lying to himself.
Lucifer and Raphael eyed Dean warily. When Jody approached, they seemed reluctant to allow her near Michael, but they eventually stepped out of the way and averted their gazes when she shifted into her human form.
A sly smirk swept across Dean’s face and he reached into the inside pocket of his jacket. “Well then, it’s a good thing I came prepared.” He revealed a single red rose and offered it to Castiel, bowing extravagantly as he did so.
Lucifer grinned, grace exuding superiority. “Like, does the longing ever stop?” He continued as though Castiel hadn’t spoken. “The pining? Does he always look at you like this? It’s not really directed at ME but I kinda feel flattered all the same, y’know, sharing a flesh bag and all.”
hurt each other is what makes interspecies so
Needless to say that it wasn’t a particularly pleasurable experience and for a brief moment, he wished The Empty would absorb him once more.
*             *             *
Now, Sam stared up at Castiel with a warm grin. He felt strangely
“It is returning,” Castiel interrupted before Sam could cause the migraine to favour a concussion. “It’s just… slow. I’ve come from a place where nothing existed into a world where everything is too bright, too loud, too…
“Dead,” Raphael sighed, rubbing his knee. “The only person who came in today was Ellie the deaf cleaner. We didn’t even have a request for a microloan. I came up here about an hour ago because I couldn’t stand looking at that empty hall any longer.”
“You smell like a bar,” Chuck hissed as he took his seat. “Where have you been all evening?”
. Said it was the worst case he had ever seen. No one had been allowed to touch her once the symptoms started – not even her parents.
“Hovering above the roof of the house is my father. I can just about make out his wings. Dean, make sure he doesn’t spot you.”
Castiel didn’t respond, but he didn’t pull away either, so Dean kept running. They took the stairs three at a time and Dean released Castiel’s arm to throw the front door open.
Pérez appeared to struggle for words for a moment and Castiel waited patiently for her to collect her thoughts.
It was the morning after Christmas and when he awoke, Castiel steeled himself. He took a deep breath and reached behind him.
Castiel gaped at him and Dean laughed again.
point? Why didn’t it wipe my memory?”
him. Fortunately for poor Mick, I managed to turn them off the idea. Told them there would be an investigation into a missing minor and, since there were people at school who knew that Mick and I were dating, I would be at the top of the suspect list.”
Finally, Castiel closed the distance between them and squeezed Dean’s arm reassuringly. “I meant what I said.”
Dean didn’t look too convinced but he slowly nodded a climbed to his feet, never taking his suspicious gaze off Cas.
“You’ve brought a dog into my kitchen,” said the chef, looking rather irritated. “Castiel, why is there a werewolf in my kitchen?”
“Sit,” Prince Gabriel commands and Sam does, trying to catch a glimpse of his face and failing.
“Don’t do this, Cas,” Dean begged, already guessing Cas’ next three words.
“Keep your accusations to yourself,” Gadreel bit out. “We have nothing to explain to a homophobic bigot like you. If you think we’re so disgusting,
“Well they didn’t, alright?” Lucifer grumbled. “Not really, anyway. I was just… surprised. Thought he was going to throw me around or something.”
at Samandriel, at
“It will always be in the back of your mind that I’m attracted to you,” Castiel bit out as he rounded on Dean. “You’ll analyse every movement I make, every comment, every smile… You’ll constantly wonder if I’m coming on to you. You’ll distance yourself from me when you think I’m overstepping and it’ll hurt me every single time. A friendship won’t work between us – you’ve proved that with your other ‘dates’. Crowley, Benny, every other girl who fell for you whilst you were pretending to be their boyfriend…” He squared his jaw. “I won’t be like them. I won’t delude myself into thinking there’s a chance every time you’re nice to me.”
“You should see it when my nest isn’t here to disturb the peace,” Castiel said softly.
“Lucifer,” Michael growled. “I said
“That’s true. I suppose that when you had that date with April, I did ask you to ‘lose the vest’ and ‘unbutton your shirt’
Lucifer looked at everything that wasn’t his brothers and after a few moments, Michael tilted his head. “Are you… embarrassed?”
“Oh yeah?” Lucifer drawled. “Then go catch it. Prove to me how easy this is.”
Michael swallowed thickly as his throat grew dry and the ache in his stomach intensified. He shifted uncomfortably. “…Something doesn’t feel right.”
He would break Sam and Dean’s hearts too – would leave them in the middle of an ordinary street with nothing but a smile and a promise that he would be a ‘hands-off’, all-powerful deity.
Which was weird now that Michael thought about it, because wild folk seemed to allow every member of their pack to interact with their pups. They didn’t appear to be perpetually afraid of alphas harming or killing their children like civilised folk were.
He pressed himself into Ben’s side with a soft whine and the little omega immediately leaned into him with a protective growl of his own.
Dinner was an impressive affair and the table was filled with roast meat and fresh vegetables and potatoes. Stuffing and sauces were scattered between the larger plates and small candles flickered playfully around the table.
“I’ve let you both down,” Raphael whined quietly. “I let them take everything and it’s going to cost us too much.”
Michael eyed the rebar unhappily. “The universe has such a strange sense of humour.”
Dean observed him silently for a little while before turning his attentions to a particularly large bruise on his chest. He pressed his lips to the dark mark and Castiel’s fingers paused their journey for a moment as he cast his gaze to where Dean was nuzzling his chest. Melting beneath Dean’s comforting weight, Castiel slipped a secure arm around his rival and continued his adventure with his free hand.
me? As in scent mark?” The amused grin had returned.
, to be precise.
“Hey, here’s an idea,” Dean chirped, feeling a little offended that Anna had ignored his presence entirely. “How about Cas sticks with his
for me.” He shook his head bitterly. “I just had to tell you, didn’t I? And on Tuesday, you’ll tell the world and my disaster of a life will collapse because I couldn’t stay quiet until November. If I had just waited for election day...”
Gadreel’s eyes flashed with anger and he lurched forwards to snarl at the older alpha, only to pause at Hannah’s careful query.
kitchen,” huffed Castiel. “It’s mine. And this is my boyfriend; Dean, whom happens to be rather sensitive to wolfsbane.”
was for him.
had no clients and was steadily slipping into crippling debt.
“Lucifer, yes.”
*           *           *
with arousal.
is who you are. You’re the most caring man on Earth. You are the most selfless, loving human being I will ever know.”
“At least think about it,” Bartholomew said to Castiel, clearly ready to escape the offensive stink of a werewolf. “I’ll see you tonight at the hunt.”
Lucifer dropped his head onto his paws. “I don’t think anyone here has any interest in talking to us, kid.”
“Guys. Wait. No. G-guys!” He scowled at their retreating backs. “You… It wasn’t supposed to be like this! Michael! You were supposed to come back to me! The perfect soldier! You were mine!”
Sam hesitates before lifting his head and meeting the prince’s sharp gaze. He tries to not let his eyes slide to the permanent scar across his cheek, but the prince catches the little flicker of his gaze and he purses his lips.
Castiel rubbed the back of his neck. “That wasn’t meant for you. I thought you were my mother or sister or- Anyway, I’ll meet you at the party tonight. Eight o’clock?”
Dean nodded behind Castiel. “You sure? Gabe seems to be enjoying it.”
Is that about right?”
“Just… promise me you won’t tell anyone about the stuff Lucifer did to him,” Dean said. “He told me that in confidence but I… I owe it to you to let you know what’s happened. You’re my running mate and you’re my best friend so…”
Sam stiffens, panic flooding his chest as his worst fears are confirmed. He’s aware of the stares he earns from being James Wyles’ assistant; knows that the higher ups thinks that Wyles should have an angelic assistant since he’s such an outstanding lawyer. He regularly ignores the muttered comments of other lawyers who think he’s working above his station – the sneers from envious angelic assistants who think he’s made it this far by dubious means. The truth is he was just as surprised when Wyles offered him the position but the old man said he saw something in Sam – a passion for good and kindness that was yet to be matched by anyone else working for
“That’s not true,” Bartholomew said through gritted teeth. “I know what I did was wrong. I do love you, Castiel. We had something special. Don’t you want to see if we can have it again?”
Castiel rolled his eyes and gave Sam a long-suffering look, to which Sam responded with a shy smile.
*           *           *
beneath a black, gooey limb and bile rose up his throat as the angel was sucked into the roiling nothingness.
“T’es l’amour de ma vie,” - You're the love of my life - French
Michael glanced at the dirty bandages around his chest and leg as Raphael flicked his gaze over to Dean and Sam, who were watching him intently, muscles tensed and ready to leap into action if either Novak raised a claw to Jody. He returned his wary gaze to the black beta.
“You’d have added ‘no homo’ to the end of every conversation,” Castiel said solemnly.
“How about you give me something to remember you by?” Lucifer purred beside his ear. “Something to get me through the long weeks without you…”
” Chuck spat in disgust. “You’re not one of them, Castiel! You’re not a mangey
was a prodigious misnomer. This was because
Castiel scowled, knuckles white with fury. “Dean is not-”
“I thought Ketch was your friend?” Lucifer asked in surprise.
Castiel leaned into Dean’s side casually and neither of them said anything about the rather intimate position.
Dean whirled to face him with wide eyes before staring at where Cas’ hand was curled around his arm. Castiel recoiled as though burned and his cheeks heated with shame as he lowered his gaze again.
“I’m sorry,” he announced tightly, “for my earlier rudeness.”
Castiel looked uncertain, so Dean pushed back against him and bit back a grimace at the burning sensation. It felt as though he had taken a rectal dose of chilli peppers.
…For about a year.
“Seems as though nothing has changed,” sighed Castiel. “I’m not even part of the nest anymore and they’re still demanding things of me. I thought this would be a clean break.”
“What are you talking about?”
it wasn’t. Dean hadn’t exactly made himself particularly approachable or open to these sorts of discussions. Cas had probably been expecting him to barge in here and tell him to shove his feelings. Heck, he was probably afraid that Dean would throw him out – he had already done it once before, after all.
“I think you guys can answer that,” Dean said as he glanced at Gadreel, Balthazar, and Hannah. “Did we chase you out of the pack when we found out that you were together? Anyone laugh at you or insult you?”
“I don’t want you to resign,” Dean murmured, their lips brushing. “I want you to keep doing the job you love.”
Castiel glared at the closed door for a few moments and Dean calmed his nerves before placing a gentle hand on the vampire’s shoulder. Immediately, the tension drained from Castiel’s frame and the sharp, needle-like teeth hid themselves once more.
“Stop,” Castiel said sharply and Dean threw himself into the nearest bush as a tiny white bat shot past them. Once the threat had vanished, Dean continued, quickening his pace when potential hiding spaces grew fewer and farther between. His ears twitched in search of flapping wings, but he trusted Cas to keep an eye out for him and, ironically, he found himself enjoying the hunt. There was something oddly exhilarating about trying to find something before a bunch of other people did – especially when there was an element of real danger to it all. He knew that he could get wounded here, but perhaps that was what made him more determined to rescue the innocent wolf.
“You can’t have the house for your depraved ball. Call me again and I’ll file a complaint for harassment.” He ended the call and no sooner had he put the phone in his pocket did it ring again. He growled under his breath and Sam and Gabriel watched on unhappily as he once again answered the call.
“Actually,
“Oh!” Sam said, straightening in realisation. “You… you weren’t…” He shook his head, a wince gracing his expression. “Billie’s dead… I think,” he said, as though the thought had never occurred to him that she
Dean’s mouth drew into a thin line. “I see. Let me explain it to you. The Winchester pack has a reputation amongst shifters. Wild folk and civilised folk alike know the name. We’re a perfect team; we know each other inside and out. We respect and trust one another implicitly, which means that we’re the best hunters the best fighters. Other packs call us the wisest of the wild folk; some call us the most efficient.”
“Because you’re cold and you need to loosen up,” Dean replied as he lowered himself to the floor until they were on eye level. “That and you’re easy to screw with.”
He closed his eyes. That’s what he had been reduced to: a dirty little secret for a straight werewolf.
“One, it’s
nepoticide?”
“Michael?” guessed the one with ginger and white patches.
“How about we practice our tracking skills?” Adam suggested before he began to question the sanity of civilised folk. “Something other than rabbits. Say… squirrels?”
enter an interspecies relationship. He remembered telling his pack that a werewolf and a vampire could never have a loving relationship. He huffed a quiet laugh as he recalled convincing himself that he was straight and would never be interested in anything Castiel had to offer.
Hope you like the update (if you haven't forgotten the story!)
“Nope. Can’t see any defect,” Dean stuttered. “None. Nada. Bupkis.”
*             *             *
His smile fell when Dean opened the door.
“Come on, help me get him to recovery,” Lisa said as Eileen began packing away sandbags.
Despite their rocky start, Castiel was an excellent teacher and Sam was never made to feel as though he was a burden or a hindrance to the other surgeon. Castiel always had time for him and encouraged questions of all sorts, even if they were based around his vampire nature.
He melted into Dean without meaning to and a wave of calm washed over him as the rumble vibrated through his entire frame. Was this some form of magic? He felt the tension roll out of his body as he clung to Dean like a child nestled beneath their favourite blanket. He inhaled deeply, basking in Dean’s scent. The best way Castiel could describe that scent was the feeling of when fall was upon them and there was a chill to the air that somehow made the leaves redder and more beautiful as they fluttered to the ground. It was the feeling of knowing there was a crackling fire at home and a mug of hot chocolate waiting for you. It wasn’t so much a scent as it was a feeling of home and warmth.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Would you like a massage?”
Michael paused at the title.
The cloth made its second round over Castiel’s torso and the Democrat smoothly slid Dean’s jacket off as the Republican kicked his shoes off. Next came the shirt and Castiel’s hands roamed over miles of bare skin, exploring, memorising, and their tongues slid together in a possessive claim.
The four pups nodded before darting away, leaving Jack and Adam to linger alone by the edges of the burrow grounds. Adam lowered himself to the grass.
Castiel quickly focused on his fork and bit back a smirk. He hoped Bartholomew had seen all of that and was beginning to realise that Castiel didn’t need nor want him.
“All right,” Castiel said finally. “Perhaps I was wrong about you. Maybe you really do have innocent motives for being here.” He tilted his head. “I’m sorry for the way I’ve treated you these past couple of weeks, Sam. The humans seem to enjoy your company and so far, you’ve given me no reason to distrust you.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“…I’m glad you approve.”
It’s a shame Sam thinks, because, despite the scars, Gabriel’s wings are quite a lovely colour with their white and gold feathers.
He suddenly surged to his feet and slammed his fist against the wall, uncaring of his protesting knuckles. He imagined Chuck’s face in place of the hard concrete and he grit his teeth furiously as he kicked at it for good measure. He flexed his hand and looked about the room with a deep scowl.
Dean’s fist slammed against the table and the cutlery jumped at the force. “
*           *           *
Castiel toyed with one of the buttons on Dean’s shirt. “You didn’t sound like you ‘missed me’ at dinner.”
Raphael scowled at them both before dropping his gaze. “When we were children, we used to be a real family. Then Father started pitting us against one another. We’ve done nothing but hurt each other ever since. Now Father’s gone, we have a chance at fixing what he broke. Don’t keep comparing yourselves to each other. Stop trying to prove you’re the better alpha.” Raphael lifted his eyes and water glistened in his pleading gaze. “Please, just… stop fighting.”
Dean’s eyes were a fraction too wide as he licked his lips. “What? No. No, no, no. Of course not. Nothing’s
Clearly caught off-guard, Castiel laughed loudly and startled a small sparrow into flight. Dean pretended not to notice the way his rival’s eyes glittered under the bright moonlight.
. A beast. Our
“You… you hit me,” Castiel pronounced slowly, testing the words out. “With a book.” He scowled. “It hurt. Why would you do that?”
“So much for you hating dogs,” Castiel snorted as the shaggy beast stretched out over Dean’s lap – and the rest of the couch.
Sam pursed his lips and curled a hand around Cas’ shoulder before he could escape.
interesting. “…Y’know,” Dean coughed and gesticulated vaguely. “Because… because I…” He snapped his mouth shut as Castiel began to smirk triumphantly. “Oh, shut up,” he grumbled.
“This year, they decided to set me up with my cheating ex in order to make me less of a disgrace. If that failed, they had a Wall Street banker on standby. I rejected both of them, obviously, but my parents weren’t too happy about that.”
Novak blinked at the device in surprise as the camera crew glanced at one another uncertainly. Eventually, Novak raised his chin. “I don’t think that’s an appropriate question.”
Sam frowned for a moment before his eyebrows raced to his hairline and the tips of his ears grew pink at the implications. “I… I’m good, thanks.” He scrutinised Castiel’s bruise again as the vampire eyed the door.
Castiel found himself melting into Dean as they strode across the room. They reached the door and Dean halted their path and turned to the hall with righteous fury burning in his eyes.
“Then I want to speak to somebody higher!” Karen screeched, slamming her hand on the examination table and making Versace tremble in the corner of the room. “You and that incompetent
“I will literally roast you all alive if you touch a single member of my pack,” snapped Gabriel, placing himself between Sam and the nest as they turned to him in surprise. A few vampires shifted their weight around, clearly frightened in the presence of a rare dragon. It was fortunate that they weren’t aware of how small Gabriel’s alternate form was.
“If we quit now, we’ll prove Mom and Dad right,” murmured Michael. “We’ll prove everybody right. Everything they said about us not being able to look after ourselves… all those comments about us not being able to do anything without our parents… they’ll all know that we’ve failed. We’ll be the kind of screwups that they always said we were.”
Sam looked more and more pained the further through the documents he read. Finally, he glanced up at Castiel uncomfortably. “It um… it says you have to walk me through the entire hospital and teach me how the computer system works.”
“Then what has given you the impression that he is not a part of the Winchester pack, however temporary?” Dean asked sternly, gaze narrowed towards the back of Michael’s head.
Sam jerked away from Gabriel and began pouring coffee, pretending that he hadn’t been sharing a very heated kiss with the dragon as he pinned him against the counter mere moments ago. Gabriel blinked and stared up at Dean and Castiel with an innocent smile.
“I wasn’t speaking
The table seated twelve and by the time Castiel had tucked himself in, Dean was being glowered at by ten pairs of eyes.
He screamed as he fell, but he didn’t fall for all that long because he opened his eyes and found himself standing at the top of the bunker’s stairs, exactly where he and Cas had been absorbed by the black ooze.
The pack did as they were told. They ate leisurely, with each individual waiting for their turn and when there was only one doe remaining, they worked together to haul it back to their camp, where the pups, Bobby, Ellen, and Pam were waiting.
attracted to me!”
He could smell Castiel’s ripening fury.
dry?” continued Castiel, gaze glued to Dean as though he had replied rather than Meyers.
Another interesting point Sam had noticed about Castiel was that although he and the vampire had only known one another for a little over three weeks, Castiel was already rather…
Michael’s grin faltered as he cast his eyes to the stairs as well. “The best we can do is ask him.” He turned his warm gaze upon Raphael. “You truly want to do this?”
Castiel pressed into Dean’s side pointedly. “I fail to see how faithfulness and loyalty amounts to ‘lowered standards’.”
For a moment, Sam freezes. The prince is wearing pyjamas decorated with cartoon Corgis and Sam feels that he is intruding. He lowers his gaze quickly and bows his head, awaiting further instruction.
“Excellent,” Castiel grinned as he looped his arm with Dean’s. “Let’s disappoint the family some more.”
Finally, Adam shook his head. “Uh… yeah. Yeah, that sounds good.”
Sam only has to take one glance at the golden holographic watermark to know that Dean has received the news.
“Good morning, Doe Gwynygen,” Samandriel greeted as he trotted over and respectfully lay with his chin touching the ground.
Dean fell silent and Castiel could smell his distress. Werewolves and wild wolves shared a strange bond beyond any other creature’s comprehension. Perhaps they had a common ancestor or maybe they just recognised that they shared similar traits, but Castiel could practically feel Dean’s horror at the idea of a wolf having to fight for its life against a nest of vampires.
“I can see why the prince chose you,” Charlie says as she gives Sam an appraising once-over that makes Sam stiffen in alarm. “You single?”
“I don’t remember it,” said Castiel sharply. “In fact, I don’t have a single fond memory of any of them. I’ve always been filth in their eyes.”
Dean nodded, smirk widening. “Professional thief. Broke in some time after one a.m. and started rummaging through my stuff. I grabbed my Colt, threw my bedroom door open and he was standing right there, staring at me. If I hadn’t pulled my own weapon on him, I would have had a bullet between my eyes.”
“Good,” huffed Raphael and he meant it. Their parents had abandoned them; Raphael wouldn’t spit on them if they crawled out of the depths of the underworld still burning. He wanted nothing to do with either of them. His smile wavered as he slid his gaze to the stairs. “…What if Lucifer doesn’t want to leave?”
The side that Castiel had been pressed into mere moments ago.
“How’s business been?”
“And where will you sleep?” Castiel teased, sounding far more inebriated than he initially assumed he was.
“Oh, yeah,” hummed Lucifer. “Worked at Flagster bank, right?”
Dean cocked an eyebrow and when Lucifer gave no inclination of moving, he shrugged and trotted over to Michael and Sam.
“I won’t,” Dean mumbled as he tightened his grip on Castiel’s middle.
A warm, joyful grin brightened Dean’s face and he squeezed Castiel’s hip ever-so-slightly until the Angel’s glare melted away.
“I missed you,” Dean whispered as the cameras flashed and reporters began to babble.
The hunting party had returned with a meal for the stragglers that had been left behind at the camp, which included the three elder Novak brothers, the pups, Pam, and Bobby and Ellen, who clearly didn’t trust the Novaks around the Winchester pack’s pups.
“Gabriel-”
Gabriel’s entire body shook with the force of his wagging tail and he stared up at Sam hopefully. “You want little rugrats too?”
“I wish I could say the same,” Castiel said coolly.
Dean howled as he sprinted towards his fallen brother. The two children bared their vampirish teeth at him before giggling and speeding off deeper into the forest.
“You can’t have more than one mate,” scoffed Michael. “It’s illegal.”
didn’t need that.”
“Everybody’s gonna die, Cas,
“The… the price was my life,” Castiel said solemnly and Dean stared at him sadly. “When I experienced a moment of true happiness, the Empty would be summoned and it would take me, forever.”
“You caught it; you eat first. ‘S only fair,” Dean commented.
Castiel smiled privately to himself. A couple of years ago, Dean had been doing everything he could to condemn the beta; now he defended the teen as much as he defended Sam. Castiel licked his lover’s muzzle and Dean cocked an ear at his expression.
“Frejja,” the other wolf said as they ran.
He would have been safer staying in the city. His dignity would have remained intact too, thought Raphael. Castiel had made a terrible mistake coming out here.
Benny shot him a baleful glare. “Andrea acquires them and I… get bored. My reading habits aren’t the point. If you keep up flirting with Novak, you’re going to end up falling in love with him – I can practically
Michael rounded the couch and sat beside his younger brother. Raphael closed his eyes and focused on the familiar smell of freshly-baked bread and black pepper. His big brother had such a soothing scent when it wasn’t soured by fury or disgust or smugness.
The floppy-haired human was marginally better, but he still wasn’t Scooby’s favourite being.
“There’s a checklist,” Sam said quietly.
“…Jack?”
*             *             *
The vicious stirring stopped.
Check.
Metatron looked comically outraged. “A
Arm dripping with blood, Castiel helped Sam to his feet and placed himself between the shaken werewolf and the ferocious dog, and calmly told the owner that it wasn’t appropriate to bring their animal to a teaching hospital if they couldn’t control it. Nevertheless, he finished the exam and after sending the owners home with some strong words of advice on dog training, he began to bandage his own arm with Vetrap.
Dean raised his eyebrows at Castiel and twisted to glance at him. There were no traces of the needy, desperate man that had come to Dean for help a few days previous. There was no fear or insecurities. No glassy sheen to his eyes and no tremble in his voice. Tonight, the claws had been sharpened and Castiel was out for blood.
Dean looked up at him curiously before his eyes widened and he scrambled to his paws.
“You can eat one brownie,” Castiel scoffed before groaning at the first taste of cocoa on his tongue. “Food is the only good thing about Christmas.”
Sam’s brows pinch together in confusion as he attempts to make sense of the statement and Wyles swivels the computer screen towards him so that he may read the email that is open. Once Sam has made it to the signature, followed by its various titles and embellishments, his eyes are wide and his face has drained of colour.
Raphael shook his head frantically until both Michael and Lucifer frowned at him. “We can’t,” Raphael whispered. “I never realised how much we were despised. Now we haven’t got the family name to protect us, everyone is desperate to make us suffer, or worse.” He looked down at his own battered body, closing his eyes at the memory of the six alphas cornering him in that alley and beating him bloody. He should have gone to a hospital but honestly, after learning how much everyone hated him, he didn’t trust the hospital staff not to ‘accidentally’ inject him with something.
Castiel pulled a face and opened his mouth to ask what on
“Fine. For you.”
Gabriel nodded and smiled at Sam’s approach. The chocolate omega smelled happy and bursting with adrenaline from the chase. The scent of strawberries was stronger than usual and Gabriel grinned at his lover’s energy – maybe they could find a fun way to tire him out later…
Sam slunk over to Samandriel and Ben as he kept a watchful eye on Michael and he placed himself in front of the pups, obscuring them from view of the wounded white alpha.
Eyebrows shooting upwards, Dean hesitated. That wasn’t what he had been expecting. “…Uh… yeah. He is. Do you have a problem with that?”
He straightened, not bothering to wipe away his tears as Billie barely made it into the room before the Empty grabbed her too.
I think updates will be Wednesdays and Saturdays (but don't hold me to that if I have a busy week with uni!) However, since I've written a few chapters, I'm going to update these first few a little quicker to get everyone back into the story :)
“Hold me,” Castiel begged.
“Cas has a point,” Sam said as he regarded Jack carefully. “We could always just keep him on the outskirts until we feel that we can trust him. We can’t exactly just throw him out and leave him. If he really has been abandoned, he’s not going to survive on his own for long. Remember when Adam first came to us? He couldn’t even fight.”
. It’s the one time of the year that you get to wear ugly sweaters, drink cocoa in your pyjamas, and pig out on all the food you can eat without anyone thinking you’re having a midlife crisis.”
On the twenty-fourth of December, Castiel found himself alone in the office, tired and lonely and despising every strand of tinsel he had been forced to stare at for the past week. There was a long string of the red stuff dipping below his computer screen and up above the stations either side of him, and he hated the way it moulted tiny fibres onto his desk. He glared at its glistening form and considered taking a pair of scissors to it; it was far too jolly for his liking. Why anyone enjoyed Christmas was beyond him.
Dean cleared his throat uncomfortably as Adam attempted to escape. Having already learned this particular section of biology, Ben and Samandriel sprinted away in mortification. Castiel concentrated on an interesting twig.
hug. Castiel didn’t particularly mind and he closed his eyes and wondered how easy it would be to fall asleep standing up. He was pretty certain that angels weren’t meant to sleep, but perhaps the rules changed when you had been forcefully resurrected by a nephilim. He was surprised that Dean wasn’t berating him for sacrificing himself, but there hadn’t been any other way out of the situation with Billie and maybe Dean understood that and was just grateful that Jack had-
“I made a mistake in running away the first time,” Dean said firmly. He stepped towards Castiel and the vampire matched it with a step backward. “I abandoned you when you needed someone to take care of you.”
A man in navy blue tails and a silver waist coat brightened upon spotting the Impala and headed towards them with a smile.
Castiel turned to the door and a rune ignited upon its surface in fiery orange.
Jack might not have died, but there was still a hole in his heart.
Jody’s tail wiggled a little. “Sticks, branches, leaves… just take a look at ours for inspiration.” She gestured around the camp and all the hand-crafted shelters dotted within it.
Dean shimmied up the bed and for a moment, Castiel’s blood turned to ice because Dean was
, I wondered what it could be, what… what my true happiness could even look like. I never found an answer.” He managed a weak smile. “Because the one thing I want… it’s something I know I can’t have.”
He twisted the tall, umber bottle around under the dimly flickering lights with a happy hum. “Dad is gonna love opening a twenty-five-year-old
Novak ceased fiddling with his sleeve in order to arch an eyebrow at Dean. “You sound offended,” he stated, looking rather surprised.
Heart racing wildly, Dean moved on instinct, dodging Castiel’s hand before he could once again hurl him into the wall. He tackled the angel out of the way and the Empty sailed past them. Castiel stared at him in surprise and Dean shot him an apologetic look before grabbing Cas’ arm. The dripping, black limb reared in anger and hurtled towards them again, and Dean sprinted towards the open door, dragging Castiel with him.
Castiel laughed breathlessly and Dean itched to kiss him.
Dean was struck by a brilliant idea. “Get up, Jack. Tell you what; how about Adam here explains it all to you?”
. One bad argument, a slight lapse in control… that’s all it would take.”
“You called them murderers and rapists,” mumbled Lucifer.
Lucifer bristled and Michael narrowed his eyes at the stranger.
Castiel smiled at him patiently and continued to sip his tea. Hopefully, Sam would catch on…
“Never again,” he whispered beside Castiel’s ear as tentative arms slid around him. “Don’t ever do that again.”
“You can do those things
“Cas… I’m all for you standing up for yourself, but don’t set out to start a fight. I get that you hate them for the way they’ve treated you and Samandriel, but there’s no need to get yourself beaten up. Don’t stoop to their level.”
Dean shook his head slightly. “Have we… have we done this before?” he asked, tentatively.
Castiel allowed his teeth to reveal themselves, briefly, just enough to have Sam sitting a little straighter.
He looked around cautiously and saw nothing but black. A shade of black that Dean hadn’t even realised existed. There were no walls or floors, just never-ending darkness and Dean didn’t know if he was standing on it or being suspended within it.
“You heard them. Let’s go. We’re obviously not wanted here.”
Dean’s mouth drew into a thin, disgusted line and Sam growled out a warning from above his captive.
“Get off Lucifer this instant,” snapped Michael, hobbling over with his broken leg. “How dare you treat him like this! We’re respected civilised alphas and we-”
“It’s gonna kill me to not touch you,” Dean growled against his rival’s throat. He sucked at tanned skin, being careful not to leave a bruise. “Knowing how you groan and arch into my hands. Knowing you breathe my name when I do something you like.” He thrust his hands under Castiel’s shirt; one smoothing up his back and the other seeking out a nipple. Castiel shuddered and pressed closer to him instinctively. “Knowing how beautifully you respond to this…” He pinched Castiel’s nipple and the Democrat whined and grabbed Dean’s shirt, silently begging for more as he plastered himself against Dean’s front.
“You killed him! You’re murderers!”
Sam beamed. “So, you’ll come?”
Castiel leaned forward dangerously, voice quiet. “I don’t know what your intentions here are, wolf, but I won’t allow you to hurt a single human at this hospital. They are under my protection, understood?”
“It’s okay,” Dean whispered as he brushed their fingers together. “Politics means a lot more to you than it does to me.”
“Yeah,” Dean murmured in agreement. He had a headache. And a stomach ache. And he was pretty sure that he’d had this conversation before. “Yeah, no. I think about ‘em, too.”
Dean glanced around the bar for all of five seconds before smoothly sliding into the seat she had just vacated. Novak spared him a brief glance before returning to his whisky and Dean grinned when the Democrat stiffened after a few moments and whipped around to face him fully.
“Night, Sammy,” Dean grinned, far too sweetly before making a beeline towards where Cas was carefully edging out of the room.
The questionnaire is twenty-eight pages long and takes almost as much time as all five interview stations added together. Once they have finished the questionnaire, they must line up for a seven-minute interview with Prince Gabriel and the queue steadily grows throughout the afternoon.
. The fact that Sam is an alpha only seemed to solidify Wyles’ opinion that he is a rare find.
Dean nodded slowly, content not to argue. “So… Cas is…?”
He draped himself over Castiel’s back and mouthed at his shoulder as Castiel’s breaths grew deep and content, and he smiled when the Democrat closed a hand over his, keeping him in place. Dean splayed his fingers possessively over Castiel’s stomach and Castiel’s fingers slipped into the spaces between Dean’s, encouraging the Republican to hold him tighter.
“And what of the smaller businesses who can’t afford your rising minimum wage?” argued Dean. “You say I’m protecting large business owners, but who’s going to protect smaller businesses from debt if your policies are implemented? How will you cap unemployment?”
Dean stiffened and whirled on his heel before stalking towards his phone. Castiel watched him with narrowed eyes and Dean dialled a familiar number with unnecessary violence. His chest was too tight and guilt and anger and hurt sloshed around his stomach like a bucket about to overflow. His cheeks were red with either shame or fury and his eyes prickled insistently, even when he squeezed them closed.
Dean immediately wrapped both arms around the vampire and stroked his head soothingly. “I want you to stay,” Dean murmured beside Castiel’s ear. “I want you. I promise.”
Dean glanced down at the white apron strung low around his hips. He looked up at Sam with a grin.
They weren’t out of the woods yet. If Cas managed to admit his love for Dean or Dean gave any inclination that he might reciprocate the angel’s feelings, the Empty would swoop in and steal him away again. He couldn’t let Cas know yet – had to stop the angel from confessing to him at all costs, just until they beat Chuck and Jack could mollify the Empty.
“Stop your complaining, Lucifer,” huffed Michael as they continued their journey. “We just need a little practice. We can be vegetarians until we refine our hunting skills.”
boyfriend – the one who wouldn’t cheat on him or start a family behind his back? You know… this one? The one who’s
Sam strode towards the door and plucked the cross off its hook. It was a tiny wooden Christmas tree ornament – quite subtle in all honesty, but Castiel knew exactly whom had placed it there and he vowed to pay his friend back for the prank at a later date.
. Two, Christmas is a commercial ploy,” Castiel grumbled. “No other holiday gets a whole month dedicated to it, yet radio stations begin playing Christmas songs on the first of December and shops are filled with Christmas advertisements from before Thanksgiving. It’s
Castiel rolled his eyes and didn’t respond. He scrolled through the case list for the day and ignored the way Sam kept glancing at him.
Lisa shook her head and fought the smile threatening her lips. “Christmas is
“I don’t know how long I can keep this up, Cas,” Dean murmured softly. “I’m finding your family… difficult.”
The dragon made a strange purring sound as he shot towards the tray. Once he had demolished the treat, he held his hand out for Sam to shake. “Gabriel Milton, Head of Orthopaedics. You must be Sam.”
“Mr. Novak, I was
Castiel bit back a laugh. “Right. No hunting.”
off the wall and swings it around at me, and at first, I thought he was just messing around. The thing can’t be
“Wait, there is… there’s one thing she’s afraid of. There’s one thing strong enough to stop her.”
Castiel sighed but nodded in understanding. “Bottom of the pack, right?”
Castiel looked mildly offended. “Wasn’t expecting what?”
Dean, much less
Winchester enemy number one, excluding us?”
Sam nearly chokes and Gabriel smiles slightly at his expression. When the shock over the prince wanting to be addressed by his first name finally fades, Sam bows slightly. “Yes, Your Royal- Gabriel!”
Shuffling. “…I expected that to be off the table.”
“Are you the Alpha of this small pack?” asked the female.
Castiel dropped his gaze to their linked hands as though he wasn’t quite sure who they belonged to.
“You’re still in the lead.”
on those beliefs. Saying that you think
infuriated by him.
Dean laughed joyfully for the first time in too long. Castiel gazed down at Jack adoringly and Sam grinned proudly. Michael gazed out of the window out of politeness until Jack gently touched his shoulder. “Perhaps my uncle could also give me a few tips? After all, you’ve been running heaven for a long while now.”
“Exactly,” agreed Dean. “We should keep the voting age as it is – teens have enough problems to deal with without having to worry about the country’s economy or intricacies regarding the military.”
Jack nodded. “Yes, Alpha.”
“He looks like a lovesick puppy. It’s disgusting.”
Dean flicked his gaze around the camp and noted that no one appeared to be watching them since they were at the edge of the grounds. He hummed in appreciation and straddled his lover’s back as he continued to nip erotically at his neck and jaw.
Dean nearly kissed him but managed to stop himself from leaning forwards. Suddenly, Castiel gripped his hand tightly.
Dean allowed himself to be guided back to the house and by the time they stepped through the threshold, they were both shivering at the rain water soaking every fibre of their clothes.
“This is doing nothing for you,” Lucifer accused and Castiel glanced down to his own flat crotch.
“I think I lost because the public preferred Mr. Winchester,” he smiled playfully. He received a sympathetic nod in return and immediately lost his hopes for the fun sort of interviews that he had taken part in with Dean. Perhaps it was Dean that he found fun rather than the interviews themselves. Dean always lifted his spirits, even when they were arguing over politics. He would miss that now that the race was over.
Dean fell silent and leaned their foreheads together once more.
By the time Dean and Castiel closed in on the scene, a third wolf had joined the first two – this one black and coffee-coloured. He tore at the lion’s face and received a harsh bite to his muzzle that had him whining in pain.
thinks you’re hot,” said Castiel defensively. “And I am
“Goodbye, Dean.”
I'm so sorry for the extremely late chapter, guys! Uni has been absolutely nuts! They've been giving us 2 and 3 assessments every day (and oh boy, have we complained) - if it continues, I'm afraid I might only be able to get one chapter per week out :/ Either way, hope you enjoyed this installment.
“They’re back,” Sam beamed. “All of them. Jack brought them all back. He’s… uh… I guess he’s the new… Chuck?”
“Fulton!” Tim snapped. “He was a director at Fulton bank!”
“Did you… Did you sleep with Dean?”
Jack sat gracefully and cocked an ear at Adam. “I can smell it on you. On all of you. I don’t understand; if you loathe them so much, why invite them into the pack?”
A panicked Dean and Castiel were already half way across the camp, but Ben knew deep in his heart that it would be too late by the time they reached the lion.
Jack tilted his head and eyed Cas thoughtfully for a moment before returning his attention to Dean. “Alpha, my old pack informed me that I had an anatomical defect, but now I’m not so sure. Could I possibly have your opinion?”
our brothers and forced them to mate your boss and his second. You-”
Michael shrugged and shook his head tiredly. “I don’t know, but Castiel looked happy with them. Gabriel was willing to die for them…”
his own hoard,” Castiel teased. “Plus, no way is your hoard the finest quality chocolate in the world. I swear I saw some Reese’s Pieces in there last time.”
is who you are. You’re the most caring man on Earth. You are the most selfless, loving human being I will ever know.”
“Hey, Cas?”
A long moment of silence passed between them before Lucifer quirked a weak smile. “Gabe was twelve. It was the year he was suspended from school for hiding all that fish in Ms. Darlington’s classroom.”
Dean managed to give off the impression that he was grinning despite not having the correct muscles to do so, and Castiel clutched at his neck as he whipped his head back and forth, ensuring that they weren’t being watched.
He sliced her head clean off and turned to the largest vampire in the room as Sam culled another.
Jack raised his hand and clicked.
Dean nodded and Michael frowned at his paws thoughtfully. “And no one will chase them out of the pack? Or disown them? Or… abuse them for it?”
Woo! We got there eventually! ;)
me? Were they all lies? How about when you said that you wanted to be mine; that you wanted me to ‘cleanse’ you of his touch? Was that all a lie too?”
Gabriel wrinkled his nose. “Since when do you care about what’s
“You’re the sub,” Benny huffed like some sort of psychic.
, mainly due to the fact that
Dean’s cheeks flamed with embarrassment and he cleared his throat awkwardly. “We should go inside.”
Jack hesitated for a moment before pawing at the ground. “You have to help me,” he murmured. “I barely know anything about shifters and I’m not going to be able to learn everything in a few days. It’s hard to remember everything and sometimes, I’ll slip back into old habits. Please don’t shout at me – it’s really tiring to keep acting like something I’m not every day. I’m used to being around wolves who act like me and I can’t help but feel alone when I can’t do the things that I used to.”
Dean pinched his nipple hard as he rocked into his own palm and a needy groan left his lips at the combination of Castiel’s words and the sensations his body was being subjected to. He heard Castiel’s soft gasp and squeezed his eyes shut, desperately trying to picture blue eyes and ruffled hair.
Until it
Castiel clasped his hands together, a sly twinkle in his eye and Dean felt as though he was about to be tied in knots.
“Great to see my nest being as supportive as ever,” bit out Castiel as he tossed the empty tray on the bar top.
“Goodbye, Cas,” Dean said softly as the tendril curled around the angel’s leg.
The angel dropped like a stone, unconscious and Dean grimaced apologetically. He tossed the book to the floor and flicked his gaze to the door, waiting patiently.
His mind wandered to Castiel. The deal had been that if Dean lost, he would resign and take Castiel out to dinner, but there had been no plan for their budding relationship if Dean
“It doesn’t matter,” Michael said weakly, scent brimming with anguish and poorly concealed soothing. “None of that matters, Raph. All that matters is you being here and alive.”
“I know how you see yourself, Dean. You see yourself the same way our enemies see you,” Castiel said, determination filling his voice. “You’re destructive and you’re angry and you’re broken. You’re… you’re
Zachariah emphasises with a withering look and it takes every bit of Dean’s willpower to bow his head to the angel, as is expected of him.
Bartholomew raced forwards and gripped Dean’s arm. “No, we aren’t!”
“Fine,” grumbled Dean as he eyed the various shafts and shackles and other pieces of car anatomy. Another groan from the jack; it had been doing that all afternoon and Dean had tuned it out after the first four hours.
“They abandoned you,” scoffed Adam. “They dumped you in the middle of nowhere with a stranger and left you.”
“More than okay,” Castiel replied with a grin.
Michael bristled. “How dare you speak to me like that!”
Dean had just about had enough. His nerves were frayed as it was; he was having nightmares about Cas’ death and Chuck somehow regaining all of his powers, and he was still coming to terms with the fact that he might not be purely interested in women, or at least women-shaped beings. And now Cas was avoiding him!
Dean has wings that are coffee-coloured on the back and sandy on the front and they suddenly hitch upwards before flaring in alarm. “Wait, did you get one of these letters too?”
“Anyone who’s available I suppose,” replied Dean as he glanced around his pack. “Jo and Benny usually teach the bigger stuff. Crowley and Meg are probably our best small game hunters and they’re the ones who have been teaching the girls. Heck, Adam’s pretty good too. Maybe I should get him in on the action.”
“Can I help you?” Lucifer asked as the beta continued to glower at him from six feet away.
He snapped his mouth shut when Dean’s other arm snaked around him, holding him close.
Sam nodded, an amused smile lighting his face. “I want
His fears were confirmed when the archangel sighed dramatically in his head.
“Are you really asking if I support my mate and my boyfriend pursuing a relationship together?” Hannah asked.
, just talk to Bartholomew. You might realise that he still loves you… and maybe you’ll understand how good he is for you.”
The prince’s right wing looks far less mutilated, but there are a couple of faded wounds visible and Sam can see that his left hand also carries a long nasty scar over the palm that probably carries straight through to the other side.
“I’m here now,” Castiel promised quietly.
“…Samandriel,” he corrected, stomping down on his amusement. “Or Alfie, if you ask Gabe.” He watched Jack’s brow fold downwards in puzzlement and quickly ploughed on. “Cas is an unmated omega, whereas his brothers are all alphas. They’re all part of this huge business in the city and they just so happen to be the Winchester pack’s biggest rivals and have been for a few centuries. They had wars and stuff before the Novak pack – Gabe and Cas’ pack – fled to the city. Anyway, the Novaks didn’t like the idea of Cas getting pregnant by an alpha he only spent one night with and they called him a disgrace to the family and tried to kill his pup. Gabe gave him an opportunity to escape and eventually, Cas and Samandriel ended up here, with Gabe following a few months later.”
Dean shuffled closer to Cas and narrowed his eyes. “Give me one reason why I shouldn’t kill you both.”
A laugh burst from Raphael’s throat at the sheer stupidity of the whole suggestion. This was so unlike his brother. And so unlike himself for actually contemplating this hair-brained scheme.
Lisa snorted and Sam was grateful for the mask he was wearing since he wasn’t convinced that Castiel would appreciate his wide grin.
“So, Andrea…?”
Dean though… Dean wasn’t
Castiel closed his eyes and shivered a little against the bitter breeze. “You’re not being fair,” he whispered. “You pushed me away and told me that what we did was wrong and that you felt ill just thinking about it. I fought for you that day and
do this!”
) are angel-led.
“Shoo,” Jody ordered when she reached Michael and although Benny, Jo, and Ellen scuttled backwards, Dean remained by Michael’s side – at a respectable enough distance for Jody to work – and Michael felt strangely relaxed as Jody patched him up again. She guided the three brothers out of the water whilst she bandaged them up and the pack shuffled after them, craning their necks in curiosity.
. He was being split in two and there was no way to fix it. He wanted to scream. He wanted to shout. He wanted to sob until there weren’t any tears left.
Dean chuckled. “One of the weirdest moments of my life. But… it seemed to do the trick. He apologised to Gabe.”
Dean gasped when Castiel’s hand somehow slipped inside his underwear without him noticing and he didn’t protest when the vampire kissed his mouth passionately, tongues tangling as they worked each other up. Their panting became needy moans and Dean splayed his free hand over Cas’ spine as Cas tangled his in the werewolf’s hair.
you’ve ever met before.”
Lucifer narrowed his eyes. “Like hunting? Fishing? Learning the difference between edible berries and poisonous ones?” he asked drily. “We’ve brought nothing with us except this bag of toothbrushes and band-aids I’ve somehow been tricked into carrying for you both.” He gestured to the sac strapped under his right forelimb and around his chest as it wobbled haphazardly between his shoulder blades.
“When Jack was dying, I-”
Dean transformed and Castiel followed suit. He chirped in surprise when Dean picked him up again and deposited him on his back, but this time he didn’t hesitate to bury himself into the wolf’s thick grey and sand-coloured fur.
Dean grinned and stepped away from Cas, allowing the vampire to breathe cleaner air.
The Waldorf would be swarming with cameras tonight.
“So, first hunt with the pack, kiddo. You nervous?”
“That’s rather difficult when you insist on pawing at each other in the middle of the camp,” scoffed Michael. “You ought to feel ashamed – you do realise there are pups present? How do you think being exposed to your
“You were friends with a cat?” Ben asked in a mixture of horror and fascination.
“I think I’ll hit the hay too,” Dean said casually as he stood. He watched concealed panic flit behind Castiel’s eyes.
“You are far too polite, Dean. This isn’t my bedroom,” Castiel grinned as he opened the coffin and gestured Dean closer.
He drew back to smile adoringly at his omega. “I have a loving mate and a new family who I would give my life for. It’s more than I could have ever dreamed of. I’m so excited to spend the rest of my life with you, kiddo. This pack is more than I deserve.”
“Shoot,” Dean sighed.
Sam blinked. “…You chased a werewolf out for trying to
Dean realised that he was crying and he wiped his eyes hurriedly on his sleeve.
?” Jack breathed. “So, eighteen… That makes me really young.”
“We were… engaging in activities of a
Dean turned sharply between trees and leaped over fallen branches and Castiel continued to chase him, wondering if the wolf had picked up on some sort of scent. He sniffed the air curiously but couldn’t detect anything, so he pushed himself faster and was reminded of his time with Dean at the party when they were hunting for Frejja.
“Nest giving you grief again?”
that had ever meant anything to him; his brothers and sisters, his father’s love, and now Adam.
They startled at the sudden appearance of Jack. He smiled at them and Dean immediately glanced through the back window, scanning for the Empty.
The sun blazed down on their fur as the lush grass tickled their skin. The refreshing scent of vegetation and earth curled around them, slinking around the woods on the gentle breeze that caused vibrant flowers and rich green leaves to flutter and rustle. Tiny birds chirped melodically to each other as they flitted between trees and fuzzy bees bobbed from plant to plant, their continuous buzzing relaxing on the ear.
He creeps towards the angel and it takes him a moment to realise that the fire is electronically operated by a remote. Once it is extinguished, he stuffs all the wrappers into his pocket to dispose of later and carefully rouses the prince from his nap.
“Lucifer, please stop,” Castiel whimpered, unable to tear his gaze away in morbid curiosity as to how Dean would react to ‘his’ flirting. Lucifer ignored him.
Castiel stared at the scalpel with newfound wonder. “Do you think the techs will notice if one of these goes missing?”
“Through frustration,” Castiel said quickly. “I was terrified when you saw him. I wasn’t thinking properly and I reacted. You responded out of frustration. It wasn’t a long fight and we weren’t really trying to hurt each other.”
Lucifer’s chest rumbled with anger and he abruptly flipped over onto his back and raked his claws through Dean’s face. Dean hissed at the sting and reared backwards when Lucifer clenched his teeth around his nose. Now unrestrained, Lucifer lurched upwards and threw his paws around Dean’s back, simultaneously clawing at his shoulders and kicking at his stomach with his hind legs. Air rushed out of Dean with a grunt and Lucifer opened his jaws wide and aimed for Dean’s throat, only for Dean to slam a paw sharply into Lucifer’s windpipe.
“That isn’t mating,” huffed Adam. “It’s porn. It’s disgusting and you can’t say those sorts of things to people you barely know.”
Dean pocketed his phone. Apparently, he really hated living because then he smirked, “I’m not your type, then?”
Dean shook his head frantically. “I don’t want anyone else. Can’t we at least try? Just to see if we could work?”
John winked. “I was quite the charmer in high school. Got into all sorts of trouble.”
Cas smirked. “Maybe I’m not actually a vampire. Maybe I’m adopted. Please let me be adopted.”
Smile blossoming, Castiel tossed an enthusiastic hand into the air. “You should be! Democrats and Republicans aren’t supposed to like each other. We’re supposed to make petty accusations about emails and one another’s fitness to serve.”
“Enter.”
Dean was distracted by the joyous smile that exploded over Castiel’s face. “You love me?” he asked, as though he couldn’t quite believe it.
Dean jerked in surprise before the epiphany struck.
Dean edged backwards, eying the door as an escape route. “You won’t win.”
“Daddy clearly didn’t think so,” retorted the woman as she flipped her hair off her shoulder. “Although, you’re definitely as aggressive as the rest of that awful family.”
“Or…” growled Dean as he nipped a line down Cas’ neck, “we could wrestle for it – winner tops. You need an outlet for all that tension and I’m happy to oblige.”
“Dean?”
Snorting, Adam shook his head and shifted his gaze to the omega. “You weigh half as much as both of my brothers and yet you managed to bring a deer down all by yourself.”
“Yes?”
“Most of our pack is made of strays,” Sam said eventually. “Adam, Cas, Gabe, Samandriel, Gadreel, Balthazar, Hannah, Meg… even Benny and Crowley. We either stumbled across them accidentally or they had nowhere else to go and we made friends with them and just sort of… adopted them. I know we had a bad time with Ruby, but everyone else has been loyal to us. Everyone else has become our family and I couldn’t imagine life without any of them.”
Eventually, the tears dried and he was left feeling numb and cold. He shivered a little against the cool air and watched condensation creep up the windshield. It was time to go inside.
Lucifer narrowed his eyes and turned away, heading for Raphael. He startled when Dean raced towards him and latched onto his ear. He growled as he tugged at the ear a little, before he opened his jaws and let Lucifer escape. Lucifer stumbled backwards and fell onto his rear, eyes wide as he stared at Dean in shock.
Castiel frowned at Adam in silent reprimand before flicking his gaze to Jack. “Be patient, Adam,” he murmured. “I was slow to adapt to pack life. Jack hasn’t grown up with the same experiences as you and the rest of the pack.”
beneath a black, gooey limb and bile rose up his throat as the angel was sucked into the roiling nothingness.
Michael backed up so Raphael could crawl up the bank to enjoy his catch, and the white wolf returned to the rocks in hopes of finding his own fishing success. A few moments later, Lucifer cautiously slid down the bank.
Raphael felt as though his eyes might drop out of his skull. “Michael, that’s insane. We nearly died last time. Why on Earth would you want to return?”
Adam’s scowl deepened. “Yeah but… having your pack call you diseased and stupid all the time must have upset you. Didn’t you ever stand up for yourself?”
Jack frowned and lowered his head. “Forgive me, Alpha. Did I do something wrong?”
Dean isn’t sure how to answer that. “I uh… I smelled a pool.”
Sam nodded in agreement. “Which is why I think we might have to prepare ourselves for a scuffle. Not that I’m complaining.”
“You know,” Castiel said with a bitter sort of smile, “ever since we met and ever since I pulled you out of Hell, knowing you has changed me. Because you cared, I cared. I cared about you. I cared about Sam. I cared about Jack. I cared about the whole world because of
“No, you know what? Screw this,” Sam snapped, throwing his hands up. He swivelled on his chair and pointed an accusing finger at the vampire. “I’m here to learn and you’re treating me like dirt because I’m a werewolf. Why can’t you just accept that I don’t have any ulterior motives here? I studied for five years to be a vet and I’ve been qualified and
Two weeks into Sam’s residency, on Wednesday morning at seven a.m., Castiel found himself glaring at the office door. The room was empty this early, but it would appear that it would remain that way for some time since Castiel couldn’t enter it either. It seemed as though someone had been a little overzealous with the Christmas decorations last night.
“Why?” Raphael queried. “Why now?”
Castiel curled his fingers into Dean’s shirt. “They’d have torn you apart,” he breathed before his voice wavered. “I can’t lose you too.”
Castiel grimaced and nodded. “Wish me luck.”
“Dean… was Benny a vampire?” Castiel asked, stunned.
“What do your running mates say about your affair?”
Jack didn’t look as though he understood any of it. He stared at Adam with eyes as wide as tennis balls. “But then that would mean…” He trailed off with a troubled expression and Adam blew out a long breath.
Castiel’s lips parted before he clamped them firmly shut again and dropped his gaze. “You’re a very honest man, Dean,” he whispered. “A very
Anyway... hope you're getting back into the story! Comments, constructive criticism etc. all welcome :)
Castiel’s smile widened as it always did when he heard those words. He placed his hand over the one Dean was resting on his stomach.
Michael quickly pulled away. “Sorry. That was inappropriate.”
A fierce growl bubbled out of Jack’s chest and before Adam had time to blink, Jack had him pinned on his back, teeth bared and gaze narrowed.
“Well, actually, I’ve seen your life in the program and on multiple occasions, you admitted-”
Sam snorted and shook his head. “I know my brother. You won’t be the only one at fault. Dean’s good at putting his foot in his mouth and then denying all responsibility.” He slung an arm around Castiel’s shoulders. “Come on. Whilst you figure out a way to talk to Dean, I’ll introduce you to my parents. Man, you should have seen their faces when I told them you were coming over.”
Jack nodded shyly before smiling when he realised that he wasn’t about to be yelled at and he leaned forwards again to lick Adam’s muzzle gratefully.
“No, they just tried to burn us all alive,” bit out Castiel sarcastically. “Why are you so intent on defending them?”
Dean slid his arms around Castiel and dragged him closer, shielding him from the cold.
“I want this,” Castiel whispered. “Tell me we can have this.”
“This is a disgrace,” the woman snapped. “An absolute disgrace. What about Metatron? I brought him here for you to meet. He’s a Wall Street banker! He has so many more prospects than this… poodle.”
Castiel eyed the door and Sam looked even more concerned. He approached Castiel slowly and the vampire resigned himself to his fate. Might as well get it over with.
“Thanks for the rescue,” Gabriel panted as he glanced between Dean and Castiel.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sam butted his head against Gabriel’s affectionately and the smaller alpha huffed before nestling under the omega’s chin and allowing himself to be scent-marked.
Lucifer whined and Dean pinned the bigger alpha beneath him with a low growl.
“Half an hour before I saw you,” mumbled Castiel, staring at his covered arm. “And yes. I used the hotel’s public bathroom.”
Lucifer hoped that his brothers would finally be convinced that it was time to end this farcical plan and return to the safety of the city.
Perhaps he could take heed of Dean’s advice and play a tad nicer with the Winchester pack? After all, he should probably find some way of showing his thanks for Dean not giving him a harsher punishment.
Then, he wrapped his arms around his legs and let his head fall against his knees as tears slithered down his cheeks. He cried silently, grace contorting painfully in defeat. He had lost
Gadreel smirked and nipped his throat. “Is it my fault that I don’t like other people’s scents on my gorgeous alpha?”
He squeezed his rival gently, basking in the hot slide of skin against skin and Castiel hummed softly as Dean kissed his cheek.
Castiel gestured over to Jack. “He
Castiel smiled tightly and gazed into the murky depths of his tea. He was beginning to remember his monologue from when he had sacrificed himself and he wondered about Dean’s muted reaction to all that had been said. Something was still missing though and Castiel couldn’t quite grasp it.
“I mean it, Benny. Nothing fazes him. I could pick apart every single one of his policies and he’d calmly stitch them all back together again and set fire to all of mine. He’s going to beat me in November hands down. The guy is a determined machine.”
, anyway?”
“You won’t,” Dean said, gaze softening. “I promise. Hop on.”
Dean’s gaze softened and he gently pushed Castiel against the mattress and straddled the vampire; practically lying on top of Cas with a mere couple of inches between their noses. Immediately, Castiel slid his arms around Dean as the werewolf relaxed on top of him.
They beamed at each other and sprinted into the warm air outside. The rain soaked into their skin and the thunder caused their hearts to beat a little quicker, but the forest smelled sweet and smoky in a way that reminded Samandriel of barbeques in the city, and both pups giggled as they raced through the camp with their eyes half-closed against the winds.
*             *             *
. But I really am in love with Cas and maybe that’s weird, but… I don’t know, it works for us.” Dean frowned lightly. “Listen, I’d do anything for him. I’d do
“Wish they could be here,” Sam said softly.
Impossibly white light bled from the wound and Jack muttered a few words under his breath and parted his lips, allowing the light to snake between them. Chuck nearly broke out of Michael’s grip, but Castiel grabbed his wrists as Sam and Dean scrambled to their feet and rushed over to help.
. “Even weirder for that person to be a vampire.”
They entered and Castiel shut the door behind them, watching worriedly as Dean began to pace, flooding the room with the scent of irritation and frustration.
The fluttery feeling in Michael’s chest burst into flames and fell into his stomach in a pile of cold ash, and his ears drooped despite themselves. Behind him, Lucifer and Raphael shifted awkwardly.
Prince Castiel was caught being knotted by another alpha.
“How can our brothers possibly like the Winchesters?” Michael murmured incredulously. “They’re wild folk. Unintelligent brutes. Their whole world consists of fighting, feeding, and fu-” He cut himself off and cleared his throat. “Breeding.”
“Lucifer!” Michael cried out in alarm before sprinting down the river, Raphael hot on his tail.
To think he had done that when all this time, Cas was hiding his feelings; burying them so deep that he seemed surprised when they finally sprung into the open.
“Well, the whole point of me smelling so great to you is so you’re more likely to allow me to… um… mark you.”
“I want you to take Millie today,” Castiel hummed. “I think you’ll find her interesting. She’s fairly new to the hospital and her owner has reported multiple seizures. I want you to take a full history, do a clinical exam, and then come to me with your findings
“Gabriel,” he tries again but the prince doesn’t stir and Sam bites his lip. He doesn’t wish to touch the angel since he doesn’t want to be accused of anything untoward. He’s aware that angels can be nervous of any sort of physical contact from a demon and he doesn’t want to be arrested for perceived violence towards a member of the Royal Family, nor does he wish for the prince to believe that he has his mind set on something quite perverse.
” Dean stared at the floor as waves of helplessness swept over him, dragging him under, drowning him. “I can’t stop it.”
Lisa shook her head. “Physiotherapy’s going to be fun with him. Paraplegic and bilateral patella luxation. He’ll be half-bald by the time he’s finished with all his surgeries.”
“Gabe, I… I’m so sorry. I would never hurt you or Sam. I was just being an assbutt,” Castiel offered quietly as Sam lingered awkwardly behind them, casting his gaze to the ceiling as though it was the most interesting thing that he’d seen all day.
Castiel shook his head to stop himself from drooling.
*             *             *
“Stop interfering!” he snarled.
Dean looked conflicted and for a moment, Castiel was certain that he was about to follow him. The thought had his muscles tensing to sprint.
Dean blinked and Castiel offered him an apologetic gaze. “Every one of them has treated you dreadfully and you have managed to wear a smile throughout all of it. You’re far more strong-willed than I am, Dean. In fact, you’ve made this ball bearable. Usually, I get blackout drunk at these things, but you… you’ve provided good company. I daresay that I’ve had some fun, for once.”
A grin swept over Dean’s features and they continued their destination-less saunter. “Is that a challenge, Novak?”
“So, hunting’s a little more difficult than we anticipated,” shrugged Michael. “That’s fine. We have time to practice.” He glanced around the forest curiously and his tail swayed when he laid eyes upon a redcurrant plant. “There are plenty of fruits and other sources of nutrition in the wild.”
Also, to anyone who wants to take on this challenge with me, the chapter titles are the prompts!
Michael followed his little brother’s lead and switched into his human form before shuffling towards Lucifer’s head and breathing into his snout. He had no idea if Lucifer had a heartbeat, but with the amount of water he had swallowed, he wasn’t about to stop Raphael from compressing their brother’s chest.
A dirty blond and white wolf joined in the fray, wrapping his paws around the lion’s middle as he attacked the cat’s stomach, and the three of them fell into the mud, clawing and growling and biting at each other.
Lucifer hated the whole plan, but it became clear that he had no intention of straying from his brothers’ sides and although he had complained the entire journey out of the city, he had stuck by his brothers no matter where they dragged him. It was almost as though he couldn’t stand the thought of losing them.
“You okay, Cas?” Sam asked, eying his brother suspiciously, and Castiel managed a nod as his chest tightened.
Dean threaded his fingers with Cas’. “Neither is he.”
“Since you complain at me for practically everything I do, I thought I’d get an early start on cases,” Sam huffed. “Y’know, learn them inside out before I have to present them to you so that when you interrogate me in front of the entire neuro team, I don’t look like a complete idiot.”
The assault on Lucifer and Raphael suddenly paused and the two younger Novaks were pinned to the ground and forced to watch fifteen wolves lay into their older brother.
He tossed the paper on the bed and crossed the floor to pull Castiel into his arms. “Cas, I’m so sorry. They’re so wrong about you-”
“I love you.”
Cas chuckled to himself and rolled onto his back, smiling at Dean’s delighted mewl. The alpha straddled him and butted their heads together affectionately as the pups barked enthusiastically and crawled all over Cas and Dean.
A laugh escaped Michael’s throat before he could stop it and Adam’s soul brushed his grace affectionately.
“I told you, Cas, I’m not gonna reveal your secret. It’s not my place to tell everyone that you’re in a relationship.”
Castiel glanced at the clock. “What are you still doing here, Sam? You should have gone home two hours ago.”
Karen Hoople was their interviewer and she lived up to her name with blonde
“We’ve a lot to look forward to,” Dean promised quietly and Castiel’s eyes brightened with excitement. Dean released the angel and looked around them. “First, we’ve got to work out how to leave this place.”
Benny snorted but said nothing else as he left the office.
Michael grimaced at the clump of saliva glistening on his garden, then balked at the other alpha. “Eight hundred dollars? To replace a window?”
Castiel’s eyes fluttered open at his chuckle and he smiled down adoringly at the sleepy vampire, earning himself a slow smile in return.
Red flashed back to blue as Dean’s gaze snapped up to a blushing Castiel.
Castiel shoved a wad of paperwork into Sam’s lap. “Great. Then this warning shouldn’t apply to you.” He suddenly lurched forwards, bracing himself on the arms of Sam’s chair as he loomed over the huge wolf. Immediately, Sam pressed himself into the back of the chair and snarled at Castiel, and the vampire could hear his heart rate double.
popped into his head.
Jack’s tail swished behind him. “Right. Can male Omega Shifters get pregnant?”
“They’re the big four,” Dean said, crossing his arms. “I’ll let you know if I think of any more.”
Gabriel’s attention switched to the floor as he shrugged again. “Just think you’re good with pups. Protective.”
“I will,” Castiel murmured as his feather-light touch grazed Dean’s chest. “Thank you, Dean. For everything.”
“Well then, Castiel, now that we’re fully acquainted, what’s with the hard drinking? Get stood up on a date?” Dean teased as he tapped the empty glass.
Perhaps pity had made him rush to his nephew’s aid, yet that didn’t seem right. He hadn’t pitied Samandriel when he’d watched the child’s head slam into the unyielding bark; he remembered his heart racing and his breaths coming hard and fast and something icy had gripped his gut at Ben’s terrified cry.
Novak’s eyes sparkled and Dean couldn’t tell whether it was out of triumph or amusement. He held out his hand and Dean eyed it queryingly.
“Where you should have stayed,” Castiel snarled.
“Wait, so you basically got mugged by your
The Winchester pack said nothing as they left the Novaks behind them, but they soon realised that one of their members wasn’t following them and they paused to look at him.
He glanced up at his red-faced father, fear lacing his ribcage and pulling on invisible strings until he could barely breathe.
“You are the pack Beta,” Jack said quietly. “I shouldn’t challenge your authority. I’m merely an Omega.”
Dean’s heart fluttered as Cas led him inside.
Raphael snapped his mouth shut and stared at the young alpha, caught off-guard by his intelligence.
The tears fell faster than last time and he curled into a ball and prayed for Cas to come back to him.
Dean’s grip on the wheel loosened. How could he blame Cas? After everything the angel had done for him, after everything he had said… how could he possibly blame Cas for blurting those three simple words?
“Dean, this is important and it would mean a lot to me if you could just-”
Charlie grins as though she’s hiding a secret and Sam doesn’t know where to put his eyes. Fortunately, Charlie breaks the tension with a chuckle and gestures for him to follow her.
Samandriel slowly untangled himself from his father’s paws without waking him and padded over to his friend. Ben made a soft sound of approval when the alpha curled around him and nuzzled his head soothingly. He leaned into the little alpha and nuzzled his back in appreciation.
Balthazar folded his arms in irritation. The rest of their party was shuffling around outside, looking subdued and like they wanted to lie on the polished floor, shrivel up and
“Okay, why do you keep saying ‘
Dean tore his gaze to the right and watched an ugly brown bat rocket towards the female wolf. Once again, Castiel launched off his back and collided with the other vampire in a flail of wings and angry screeches.
“You asked Dean to let them stay,” Sam pointed out.
Once Dean had finished, he scowled at Michael one last time before pacing towards Castiel and pressing into him with a huff.
“Dean,” scolded Jody. “You’re not seriously going to leave them like this, are you?”
Castiel read into the microphone.
A curiously tiny smile tugged at Novak’s lips before it vanished and he graciously bowed his head. “You’re absolutely right, Mr. Winchester. My deepest apologies. You have every right to be offended by my earlier statements and I can only express my sincerest regrets and hope that you can forgive me. We both deserve a fair, clean race after how far we’ve already come.”
Dira paused and twisted her head. “He is your problem now, Shifter. We will care for him no longer.” She continued to walk away and Adam glanced over at the omega, who was beginning to whine as his ears flattened to his skull.
Castiel screeched furiously and clawed at Bartholomew again. “I have nothing to say to you!”
He snapped his mouth when Michael began to recoil and he twisted his head to glimpse the hurt expression that flickered over the older alpha’s face. It was gone quicker than he could process and Michael’s cold façade slid back into place.
“I should never have told you,” was the first thing Castiel said as Dean was catapulted into wakefulness.
“Yeah, no,” Dean agreed, or maybe disagreed. He wasn’t entirely sure anymore – he just wanted to leave Castiel’s very off-putting bedroom. “No, I know that. Yeah. That’s… that’s fine.” If he just kept his gaze away from the coffin…
The trio startled at the new voice and they spun around to face a scruffy-looking alpha with dusty brown and grey fur. He appeared to be blind in one eye if the scar was anything to judge by.
At least the kid was alive.
“…Right,” Prince Castiel says awkwardly. He hesitates. “I thought demon eyes only turned black when they’re angry?”
“Mad?” Castiel huffed as he scrubbed a hand through his hair. “I must have typed out at least ten apology texts and deleted every single one because I’m a coward and I didn’t know how to fully express how much I regret speaking to you as I did.”
Holding his hands up, Dean grinned. “Hey, I’m all for raiding the liquor cabinet. Don’t let me stop you.”
“Just listen,” Dean insisted and Castiel realised that the wolf was still gripping his wrist. “I’ve always loved apple pie. My family knows I love apple pie. I talk about apple pie all the time. I order apple pie at cafés because it’s safe and I know I’ve always liked it.”
The chefs made their rounds between each table and Dean watched curiously as a thick, deep red liquid sloshed around his glass. When the chef made to tip some of the liquid into Castiel’s glass however, he pointedly sealed his hand over its rim.
Adam growled in frustration and stalked over to Castiel. “He can’t fight,” he stated. “He doesn’t know how and there’s no way we can teach him if he won’t even
Castiel exhaled wearily and leaned against Dean without seeming to notice. Automatically, Dean wrapped a supportive arm around him.
is part of my family and I won’t let an entitled jackass like you talk crap about him.”
However, Chuck screwed up his face in confusion before gritting his teeth.
“Come on. Let’s go inside. It’s freezing out here,” Castiel said as he clambered to his feet. He helped Dean up and if his fingers lingered a fraction too long around Dean’s, then the werewolf didn’t mention it.
Castiel laughed a little hysterically. “Are you kidding? I didn’t even want to go to this party! My parents called me a week ago and said that they were hosting their annual ball at my house and they were bringing someone they wanted me to meet
Castiel rolled his eyes. “He kept breaking the program. We created a house for him instead – the only human currently in heaven.”
Lucifer rolled his eyes. “Sensitive ears?”
Dean shook his head, anger pooling in his gut. “That’s… that’s not fair. You’re different to those people. And I’m not gonna overanalyse anything. I trust you too much to believe you’ll be anything but respectful. I know you won’t try anything when I’ve already said no.”
The second the deer reached their position, the chasers bounded towards them from the south, east, and west and the deer cried out in terror before scattering in every direction. Chaos ensued as the deer slammed into one another and stumbled in a tangle of limbs, and as the chasers separated their chosen victims from the rest of the herd, muscle leaped into action and began to bring them down.
“We need to fly,” Castiel ordered as he transformed and Gabriel quickly followed suit, speeding after Castiel as they rocketed towards the Winchester house.
Dean skidded to a halt beside his brother and dropped to his knees, Castiel not too far behind.
Charlie made a soft sound of surprise when Raphael pressed his head into her palm and she rubbed his ear for a moment before tenderly cleaning the deep bite wounds around his muzzle. In a moment of weakness, he licked her palm in gratitude and a smile crept across her face as she stroked his head.
Jack startled when Sam gently nudged him towards the doe.
“Election day is in five weeks,” Castiel said softly. “The press will have forgotten all about you by then; they’ll be focused on whomever wins.”
“We’ll chow down here and take half a doe back for the rest of the pack,” Dean announced. “Dig in.”
. Cas wouldn’t have listened, but he should have said
Castiel forced a smile, even as Lucifer cupped his cheek. “You’ll be hounded,” Castiel said. “They won’t leave you alone until they get tired and move onto the next story. Like I said, that could be five weeks from now.”
“She’s gonna get through that,” Dean sighed without much enthusiasm. Or care at all, really. What was the point of all this if he couldn’t save Cas
“I’m wasted on this kid,” grumbled Balthazar.
Dean’s breath momentarily hitched before evening out again and Castiel bit back another smirk when the other occupants of the table began to glower between pieces of conversation.
“And yet any one of us would be willing to lay down our lives for your brothers and nephew,” commented Jody. “Do you think we trusted them when they first arrived?”
He clenched his eyes shut and mentally scolded himself for the single tear that rolled down his cheek. He was such a weak alpha. Useless. For a moment, he wished his brothers were there to fix him, and he scolded himself for that too.
“Get off me!” Castiel spat as he attempted to snatch his hand back, but when Dean loosened the button on his cuff, Castiel’s voice grew panicked. “Have you lost your mind?! This is assault!”
Dean flinched away.
“Is it now,
Dean’s stomach dropped. He suddenly realised what he had to do and he was going to hate himself for it.
Michael was overwhelmed by the instinct to reach for his younger brother.
“Haven’t got wine, but will beer do?”
They had both taken up temporary residence in Indiana after the primaries had ended. It seemed only logical since the first general election presidential debate was to take place in the University of Notre Dame on the twenty-ninth of September.
“It has done so far,” Castiel lied, backing away from the other bat.
“Go on,” Adam murmured when the kit continued to stare up at them in paralysing fear. He huffed soothingly and nosed at the tiny rabbit until he managed to push him upright. The kit’s ears began to perk upright again and he slowly hopped away from Adam and Alex before noticing his mother and bolting for her and his siblings. The family darted away from both wolves and slipped into their burrow.
“Komorebi,” Dean announced as the Impala’s hood dipped with the weight of the person settling beside him.
Gabriel smiled weakly and pushed his head further under Dean’s. Dean spent a few moments marking him before finally pulling away and trotting off to find Cas.
Dean’s gaze softened and he slung a protective paw over his mate and nuzzled his head. “Cas, I swear nothing will happen to our pup. If they threaten him, I’ll kill all of them. They won’t have time to make it out of the camp.”
She was pretty, clearly of Latina descent, and her smile was pleasant enough as she observed him. Her name was Anita Pérez, he believed.
Dean smiled and drove on.
An ending where the Winchesters gain a guardian 'Angel' in the form of an unlikely source ;)
Chuck’s struggling grew weaker as Jack’s eyes brightened and soon, Chuck slumped in Michael’s grip, exhausted. Michael released him with a disdainful glance and he crumpled to the floor with a whimper.
“Next time, call a late-night hotline. At least they won’t actually care about you.”
Novak remained silent and eyed Dean with a raised eyebrow. Dean chuckled. “Actually, maybe neither of us should answer that. Might get us both into a lot of trouble.”
Lucifer barked out a laugh. “The paint was all over their beds!”
“It’s not
They were free.
“Does your boyfriend know, Mr. Novak?”
“It seems we’re both at somewhat of a disadvantage then,” he drawled. “Both of us having impure thoughts of the enemy.”
Castiel watched in amusement as Dean horsed around in the rain and he crawled onto the rail to get a better look at the huge wolf. After spending some time around Dean in his canine form, he felt more relaxed and he wondered if Dean was as calm around him as he was around the werewolf.
Perhaps they should make a fifth rule:
Biting back a chuckle, Castiel arranged them both so that they were lying on the bed again, Dean’s face still buried deep in his neck. He wrapped both arms around Dean tightly and smiled when Dean slowly slid his arms around him in response.
“Cas,” Dean said in alarm as Castiel reached forward and placed a hand on his shoulder. Dean stared at the hand as the epiphany struck. He had forgotten what Cas did next and there wasn’t enough time to stop him.
He stumbled backwards when Dean marched towards him and he growled in warning when Dean inspected the wound he had reopened on the blond alpha’s side.
Which was really strange, now that he thought about it. Because yesterday, Castiel had smelled like a rotting corpse.
kill people.”
“Stay?”
For a moment, Chuck seemed to pale as he began to realise that Castiel wasn’t bluffing and possibly would kill him if he didn’t leave. Then, his expression hardened. “I’m your father and you’ll speak to me with respect.”
“It’s not that bad,” Dean said softly as Castiel began collecting glasses and placing them on a crystal tray before filling them rather aggressively with champagne.
He had to at least try.
Then, Castiel’s expression changed and he slowly returned his gaze to Dean. “Wait, there is… there’s one thing she’s afraid of. There’s one thing strong enough to stop her.”
Dean smiled wryly. “Two months later, he comes out to his pack and asks me to
“We have a tradition at Christmas,” began John once Castiel had wiped his eyes, “where we run through the woods at midnight in our other forms. It isn’t anything particularly special and there’s no goal in mind – nothing to hunt or find… but it’s something we’ve done since Sam and Dean were pups,” John raised his head a little higher as though daring Gabriel or Castiel to make fun of him.
“No wonder Jack was confused by our mating,” agreed Castiel as he glanced at Dean. The alpha nodded and licked his mate’s cheek tenderly.
?” Castiel snarled, hackles raised and canines bared. “You tried to kill my son. You tried to kill my mate. You nearly killed the only brother I actually consider a brother! Excuse me if I don’t welcome you into my life with open arms!”
“I doubt Gabriel willingly chose him,” scoffed Michael. “You know what he’s like. Gabriel has always bedhopped, the same as Lucifer. They’re both allergic to commitment – talk about wedding bells and they move on to the next conquest.”
Sam perked up. “Can’t say no to that.”
Castiel hummed thoughtfully. “Who’s going to be their teacher?”
“Well… what are you doing this Christmas?” Sam asked quietly, shoving his hands into his pockets. “Got any plans?”
Lucifer continued to frown and Castiel stamped down on the fear threatening to make his knees wobble.
“Is a piece of shit!” Tim snarled. “And I’ll never be able to get to him with all his guards and all his money and the fact that he pays off all the cops! But you… Daddy doesn’t care about you anymore. And you have no allies and no family that I have to watch out for. So, since you put my uncle in a hospital, I’m going to put you in a morgue!”
Castiel forced his feet to move and he tentatively reached out a hand to smooth it over Dean’s head.
Castiel stared at Dean as though he’d grown another head and Dean raised his eyebrows. “What?”
The majority of the article was hailing him a hero for rescuing Castiel from an abusive relationship. It spoke of how Castiel had begged for his help and like a true gentleman, Dean had rushed to his rival’s aid. It revealed how he had planned to keep the cameras on ‘Castiel Novak’s abusive partner’ so he couldn’t lay a hand on the Democrat without being in the public eye. Then it spun a tale of how, when all else had failed, Dean had held the ‘broken and sobbing Novak’ in a bathroom; throwing the debate to ensure the safety of his rival, before whisking him away in his own car to prevent further abuse. It also explained that there would be an investigation into the mysterious Lucifer and hinted that if he was found guilty of domestic abuse, the investigation into Dean and Castiel’s relationship would be dropped, since all evidence thus far pointed to both candidates having only come into contact with one another within the past couple of months.
Dean whipped around to face Sam with wide eyes.
“I’m Dean Winchester; lead alpha. You’re welcome to stay in my pack for as long as you like, or at least until you give me reason to chase you out. Do you understand?”
“I helped you to get out. Why would you let him hurt you again? Why go back to him?” Dean repeated and he watched Castiel’s hard façade melt away, leaving nothing but panic and barely concealed desperation. He flicked his wide-eyed gaze to the audience and back again.
