“Dean?” Sam replied desperately.
Breathing frantically, he pulled himself up from the ice and looked around. Before Dean could call out, a figure appeared out of the fog and darkness. It had six pairs of wings, weighed down and encased in thick ice.  Even though the figure was covered in ice, there was a dull glow of blue light that emanated from it. Light that no doubt would have been otherwise brilliant and blinding.
him?” Sam asked, ice in the edge of his voice.
voice. Mary.
The rabbi nodded. “You know this won’t be easy.”
Bobby shot him a look. “Yes princess, you do. Fresh air will do you some good.”
When the door finally opened again and Alastair’s figure appeared in the doorway, Dean’s voice spilled out of his mouth as a mumbled sob. “I’ll do it.”
what you did.”
“Is she the real deal?” Sam asked.
“So you heard a voice?” Bobby asked, handing Dean an ice pack.
“Yikes, Detective Connolly winced.
my brother.
Not to mention the fact that his birthday,
Dean pulled his hands back slowly, shoving them under the table.
Dean’s screams rang out in a series of shrill sobs as they echoed through the dead space of the cold, dark room. The only other sound was the pounding of a hammer. His hoarse voice sounded in rhythm with the dull crack of a nail as it drove through his skin. It fragmented bone and sliced tendon, sending wave after wave of pain through his hand and down his outstretched arm as it lodged into the splintering wood.
Dean was hoping his brother would find some other option, some other reason for the wounds that
Dean could still feel Him.
Balthazar quickly untied the ropes from Jesus' arms and placed the crossbeam on Castiel’s shoulders. Jesus groaned loudly as his hands fell limp to his sides. Slowly, he looked up at Castiel, squinting through the blood, “Castiel?” he rasped.
Dean hissed sharply at the rope burn. “
Sam watched as she drove off, waiting until her car was out of sight before he climbed into the Impala. As soon as he shut the door, he opened the flask and took a brief sip from it. He sighed, relived as the cool taste of iron, plasma and sulfur made its way down his throat. He quickly shoved the flask into the pocket of his jacket and started the car, driving back to the motel.
as he sped down the highway, who flirted with anything that moved over shots of Jameson and who could find great joy in the tedious acts of putting antifreeze in an engine and snow tires on a car. Though Dean
As Sam made his way out of the rectory and back to the parking lot, his eyes caught sight of a large crucifix on the far side of the small cemetery behind the church.  He walked over to the chain link fence closing the plot off and stared at the crucifix for a long moment before making his way back to the Impala. He fumbled slightly with the keys before he managed to get the door open, climbing into the driver’s seat; he closed the door with a thud.
? You etched cloaking sigils onto my ribs and the ribs of all my disciples. Even Simon the Zealot and Judas.”
hope.”
Dean was awoken the next morning by a voice. It was one that he
“Please,” Castiel hissed, glancing around the street. “You have to be quiet.”
Simon shrugged. “Honestly, I don’t have much of anything to say to you.” He turned to leave with a smirk. “
Sam sighed, frustrated as he looked away from Dean.
sent them.”
Suddenly, John reappeared in front of Dean. But this time, his eyes also glowed yellow.
Groaning, Bobby limped his way back into the house and into the kitchen, grabbing an ice pack from the freezer and putting it to his head. He took out his cell phone and dialed Sam’s number.
Castiel’s voice feigned indifference towards her. “I’m watching over my charge.”
Bobby looked over to Castiel. “That true?”
“What happened to his body? Was it stolen?”
Miriamne paused. “So,” she looked at him. “What are we going to do?”
He had a Purple Heart and Vietnam Service medal pinned to his hat and a white cane in hand; his eyes were covered by sunglasses.
Sam scoffed. “Dean doesn’t have a ‘connection’ Jesus. He doesn’t even have Faith.” He raised his voice, frustrated.
Castiel turned back to the motel. “This was long foretold.”
he’ll drag them into The Pit on top of it.” Zachariah paused. “Michael needs his vessel. He needs
“Son of a bitch,” Dean muttered, wiping his eyes. He left the barn, making his way back to the Impala.
Bobby took another sip of his coffee.
and I
Dean ordered a steak sandwich but didn’t eat any of his food. He just sat there, staring at it.
Rufus scrunched his brow. “The hell are you talking about?”
Dean shook his head and signed, annoyed. “The Da Vinci Code’s a bunch of crap, but they did get
listen to me, why would he start then, right?”
Sam walked over to him. He reached down to his neck and checked for a pulse. There was none. Without saying a word, Sam turned, making his way to the stairs.
“Like you, He didn’t want to destroy the planet. He was stubborn, and he refused to fight Lucifer. So instead of trying to force the matter, some of my siblings schemed to have him crucified, knowing that his death would reset the seals. And they wanted him killed for what they saw as an act of rebellion. Jesus went to the cross willingly, only so far as it was the only choice he had to prevent the destruction of the world.”
Jimmy scanned the menu. “I’ll have a double cheeseburger and a large chocolate milkshake. And can I get an extra order of fries with that? Oh, and chicken fingers.”
“This isn’t the first time I’ve gone months without seeing him, Bobby,” Dean said defensively. “Shit, I went four years barely even
Jesus stared at it for a moment before picking up and taking a bite. Though it was covered in honey, the dough was bitter on his tongue.
He wandered the streets for a while. Eventually, he ended up walking past the Cathedral of Saint Patrick. It was white bricked and looked more like the churches of the Southwest—Mission Style—which struck Dean as odd, given that its patron saint was Irish. On the sidewalk, placed above its sign, was a nativity scene. Reluctantly, Dean walked closer. He stood in front of it for a moment; his eyes locked hard the little painted ceramic infant resting within as he listened to the muffled sounds of an organ and choir, the Christmas hymns coming from the church.
The sound of the voice made Dean smile as much as it made his heart break.
Dean’s breath caught in his throat. He could feel her. He could feel her warm skin against his, smell her sweet perfume. She was so close he could feel her breath against his lips. She felt real. Involuntarily, Dean moved closer, but before her lips could touch his, he pulled away.
queued up in the VCR, Dean sat down on the couch and started pouring the whiskey, putting two shots into one of the glasses.
:: Both the Gospels of Mathew and Luke say that an angel announced the conception and birth of Jesus. The Gospel of Mathew does not name the angel, but in the Gospel of Luke, the angel is stated to be Gabriel.
As Dean made his way over to the driver’s side door, a sharp twinge of pain began to radiate from the center of his right wrist. He winced as he quickly pulled up the sleeve of his jacket; expecting to find something, but there was nothing. Not a wound, not a bruise.
Dean blinked. “What?”
“Yes.” Mary nodded. “When you didn’t return home, I feared you were taken along with him.“ She looked at his haggard appearance.“Where have you been all this time? ”
Part of Bobby was sure there wouldn't
A two by four, rope, hammer and nails were already lying in the grass. Waiting.
life. Most of them will go on to paradise. Heaven. You know how many Lucifer will kill with your brother’s help? All of them.
I’ve always had Faith.
“Shut. Up.” Sam lifted his hand up, squeezing it.
Without missing a beat, Jesus stepped between the two men and walked over to her.
“Not many. Three or four. Max.”  Ruby paused. “We’ve got to move fast.”
“Shit!”  Dean ran over to them. He placed each of his hands on their foreheads. Heat spread through his hands.
, Sam,” Dean snapped as he shoved his hands into the front pockets of his jacket. “Maybe Heaven’s starting to give up on me. Maybe they found themselves somebody else. That would be
Dean shrugged. “Technicalities.”
Some of Dean’s memories had become instincts. A beard he hadn’t shaved. A beanie he kept on his head, not only to hide the bruises on his forehead, but because he felt compelled to keep his head covered.
He stood there for a moment until he said quietly. “Resurrection hasn’t been an easy thing for you, has it?”
Dean rolled his eyes.
After a moment, Sam left the bathroom. He threw the shirts on top of Dean’s laundry bag as he walked to his laptop. Dean’s leather jacket had been flung haphazardly onto it the night before, and he moved it to the back of one of the chairs before he sat down and turned on the computer. Glancing over to Dean, he made sure he was still asleep.
Feet that chased after monsters and demons. Hands that healed the injured and raised the dead. These hands and feet had brought so many salvation and gave so many hope without being pierced. Dean needed his hands. He needed his feet. He
But such a decree didn’t stop the angels from giving the Apostles more visions.
Ruby climaxed again. Her body clenched around Sam, sending him over the edge.
Dean nodded awkwardly. “Yeah, he’s a family friend.”
, prays more than him.”
Bible thumpers. That’s all.” Dean shrugged. He was quiet for a moment as he stared down at the frothy residue in the bottom of the cup before he placed it onto the table. “I’m goin’ out for a while.” His voice was blunt and somber.
Then the sound of clapping echoed throughout the church. Dean turned to find a balding man dressed in a suit standing in the center aisle.
“I’d love to.” Dean placed his hand gently against Susan’s belly, letting the heat flow from his fingers as surreptitiously as possible. He felt the baby kick hard before he pulled his hand away. “You’re not kidding.” Dean chuckled. “She’s gonna make one helluv—
Dean watched as Rufus put an antique silver candelabra with eight arms on the kitchen table, opening a box of candles and pulling two out. Rufus was wearing a kippah, large and cylinder shaped and made out of embroidered silk. It was the only time Dean had ever seen Rufus wear one.
“You’re telling me that my baby’s the...” Mary put both her hands over her belly, the words catching in her throat. Tears started to well up in her eyes as she fiddled with her wedding and engagement rings. “I’ve. I’ve gotta protect him. I’ve gotta leave John. What if—”
Dean was alone. Alone with the burn of alcohol as it tried to fight for him.
Dean stood there for a long moment until he spoke. “Cas, I don’t know if you can hear me. I don’t know if you’re…
here of course. The Cage isn’t open. Yet.  But I’ve been waiting for this for a long time.” He walked slowly over to Dean, stopping a few inches away from him. “It’s nice to finally meet you.” Lucifer reached out, trying to put his hand on Dean’s shoulder. “Jesus.”
As he got closer, Castiel could tell from the small crowd of onlookers that had started to move and disperse along the street that the procession had already begun. He listened for the muffled sound of shouts in Latin and followed them down a side street until he came upon the crucifixion procession. Castiel pushed himself through to the front of the crowd.
The demon scoffed. “I got no idea where the bitch is. Even if I did know, I wouldn’t tell you.” The demon glanced over to Ruby, perched on the edge of an old washing machine. “Or the demon riding your joystick.”
Dean’s chest heaved. He closed his eyes briefly, knowing what Castiel was going to say before he even said it.
“Thank you.” Tears welled up in her eyes. “Jacob and me… we’ve been trying for years to have a baby. I don’t know what—”
“I’m sorry to hear that. I thank him for his service and for raising good kids.”
Sam followed behind him. “About Three-Fifteen,” he said.
Sam was quiet as he moved on to Dean’s wrists. “I’ve gotta get some fresh bandages. We’re getting down to the wire here.”
Sam smirked, thrusting two of his fingers inside of her.
Dean grew quiet. He let go of his hair, dropping his hands to his side. A moment passed before he spoke again. “I could barely even
“Aside from the nails tugging on my wrists and ankles every time I breathe? I’m doin’ alright.” Dean winced through a forced smile as Sam rewrapped his feet. He shrugged. “Better than last night, anyway.”
Lucifer grinned. In an instant he grabbed Dean by the neck, lifting him up into the air. “I can feel Him. The power of my Father coursing through your veins.” His grip tightened.
don’t understand,” she snapped. “I’ve dreaded this the day from the moment I felt you move within me.” Her voice shook. “When the archangel Gabriel spoke to me and told me what you were.
that?” Bobby asked again, louder and forceful.
? I don’t know if you’ve noticed, but I’m not a virgin.”
At the sound of flapping wings, hope flared in his chest, but he didn’t have the strength to turn around. Behind him, he heard feet scuffling against the sand.
Jesus froze. “You know of that?”
Castiel shook his head. “That, the angels could not and would not destroy.”
“Thanks.”
the point.”
“Exactly. When John disappeared, Sam was the
“What?
“You know of what happened to John, don’t you?” he asked.
“I gave you one job, Dean,” John spat. “One. Save your damn brother. And you couldn’t do it. Instead, you got him killed. Then you made a deal to bring him back? How stupid do you have to be?” John shook his head, his expression scathing. “He would have been better off if you had left him dead, Dean. Because when you died, when you made your “heroic sacrifice”, you left Sam alone. Left him open and vulnerable, easy prey to whatever demon would try to take him under their wing.”
They made a pit stop just after crossing into New Jersey, where Sam made a phone call to a Catholic church in Hopewell. It was the only time Sam could ever remember Dean refusing the prospect of gas station cuisine.
” Mary cut him off, shaking her head.  “Just,” she paused.  “Just go. The both of you.”
Dean watched the flames flicker, reflecting back in the reflection of the window. It brought him calm. Peace even.  He smiled slightly. “It’s pretty.”
Dean’s eyes grew wide. He stopped mid-stroke. “Cas- I-”
“Shut up, Sam.” Dean quickly lowered himself back down on the bed, turning away from his brother.
birthday was in March. I think. It’s whenever Purim is. This was Constantine’s idea.” Dean pointed to the tree.
Castiel pulled his hand out of Dean’s boxers, rising back to his feet. “You swear to me?” He breathed, planting an airy kiss on Dean’s mouth. The taste of blood and wine rushing over his lips.
The title is from The title is from
Before the first one could even reach his stomach, he took another sip.
Dean’s heart began to pound. Fast and violent. Strained. It grew faster, more pained with each passing second.
Though Dean knew that Sam’s state was likely a product of eighteen hours of almost nonstop driving, save for a power nap or two, he knew just as well that it was a product of something else.
Rufus shot him a look. “Unless you converted or your mamma was Jewish, I hate to break it to you but you ain’t a member of the tribe.”
Castiel clenched his fists. “So you’re just going to give up?” he hissed. He closed the space between them, glaring. “You’re going to give them what they want?”
Anna had been Dean’s second display of disobedience to Heaven’s will. The second time he said “no” to an angelic order. The second time of many.
, yeah, I go by Loki. But today I’m an angel,” he deadpanned. “Ya know,
Jesus shook his head. “Ima, you don’t understand.”
On the morning of the tenth day, Castiel finally reappeared at the mouth of the cave.
“And if we can’t prevent the breaking of the rest the seals and Lucifer does rise?” Castiel cocked an eyebrow.
carrying it for much longer.”
“Yeah.” Sam cleared his throat. “So, we’re outside of Lafayette, Louisiana. Do you know of any hoodoo practitioner’s nearby?”
Castiel looked at him sincerely. “No.”
Sam stood in the bathroom, scrubbing his hands furiously. He could hear the sound of Ruby moaning through the door.
“Thanks...” Sam blinked at him as he grabbed the plate and beer, putting them in front of him on the table.  He sighed as he bit into the sandwich.
“That Lucifer is free? Yes.” Without saying another word, Castiel walked over to him. He pressed his hand on to Dean’s chest. Light radiated through from his palm, soaking through Dean’s clothes and down to his skin.
“If you’re going, I should go with you,” James demanded.
Castiel didn’t say anything.
“Really, Dean?” Sam blinked. “Are you serious?”
He stopped, turning back towards her. “Yeah, sweetheart?”
“Cas...” Dean brushed his thumb against Castiel’s lips, wiping the blood. Castiel pulled the tip of Dean’s thumb into his mouth, biting down gently.
. He was a given. But you Dean? You were a
When the chaos stopped, Peter was pinned into the dirt by a man with a bleeding ear, while another pried the blade from him. Simon lay against a tree, his hand pressed against a bloody sigil painted on the trunk. The rest of the apostles had fled.
Dean's mumbled words weren't in English. They were in Aramaic.
He was sitting there when they came out of the church.
“Are you
Sam just glared and closed his eyes.
“He’s probably talking his flock down.” Dean shrugged. “Either that, or he’s helping them gather up rocks to bludgeon me with.”
“I’ll make room,” Bobby said, shoving the tree through the threshold.
Dean grabbed it, unraveling the cord and cutting it with scissors before threading it through the amulets. He stood up from the workbench, brushing himself off before picking the amulets up. He followed Bobby into the dining room where Amelia and Claire were sitting at the table.
“Consecrated? Sure is.” Bobby nodded. “Some stigmatics are able to survive on Communion in lieu of food. Figured it was worth a shot. Father Connolly over at Saint Michael’s brought it over this afternoon. I helped him out with a revenant a few years back so he don’t ask questions when I ask him for stuff like this.” He whispered a few things in Latin as he poured some of the wine into the shot glass, carefully sliding it down to the end of the table.
“They told me that you
sure as hell don’t make
“Of course not. You can stay for a week if you like. Looks like you need it.” Jacob looked him up and down. “What’ve you been up to?”
The voice called out again, this time in Aramaic.
He chugged the rest of his beer and opened a second bottle.
They made their way across the parking lot and up a flight of low, sprawling stairs that lead to a large, rectangular-shaped building that was nothing but brick and windows with Saint Cloud Police Department emblazoned on the side of it.
Sam shrugged. “I wouldn’t know. Last I heard he was out roaming the highways and healing people.”
“Yeah, it has,” Sam's eyes focused hard on Ruby as he stared down at her, roughly pulling her closer to him by her ornate belt buckle.
“Did you care for her?” she asked.
“Nope.” Dean shook his head. “Just that I’m the
Sam didn’t—or
in your study for this thing?” Dean whined, dragging a seven-foot-tall balsam fir behind him as he stomped through Bobby’s front door.
He was making his way back to the hotel, a grocery bag in hand containing a carton of eggnog, plastic cups, and a fifth of Captain Morgan when a woman stopped him on the sidewalk.
“What I’m getting at is that you- more than anyone- know the pain of being forsaken by God. You remember your dying words, don’t you?” Lucifer cleared his throat.
Mary backed away from him, her eyes wide with shock. “You’re some kind of trickster, aren’t you?” She scanned him warily.
alike!” Dean bellowed.
Dean’s words weren’t in English, but Hebrew.
“He told me that—apparently—I’m…” The words caught themselves in Dean’s mouth.
He wanted the pain to come that way; he needed the pain to come that way, but it wasn’t going to.
"Dean? Is that-” Bobby’s voice cracked as he lowered the gun. “Is that...you?”
Without missing a beat, Estelle let Sam into the house. "So what you looking for? Goofer Dust? Mojo bag?” She studied him. “Crossroad's deal broke maybe?” she asked, closing the door behind them.
“Help me,” Jesus whispered again, running one of the shawl’s fringes through his fingers. “
A few seconds later, the security camera on the porch turned towards him and a voice came billowing out of the tan color apartment inter-com just to the right of the door.
“I guess it isn't like riding a bike, Dean. I completely forgot to scourge you first. Silly me.” Alastair chuckled as he sauntered his way back over to the stake, a light jingling sound of glass following his footsteps. In his hand was a whip. Its thongs of leather had pieces of broken glass laced into the tips. “The Roman Flagrum. It’s a real thing of beauty, isn’t it?” Alastair’s voice was filled with awe as he examined it, walking slowly behind Dean. “Forty lashes can kill a man.”
“Right,” Dean scoffed. “And where exactly does “Upper Management” need me?”
Dean nodded. “Yeah. Apparently.” A shaken chuckle left his mouth as he started to trudge his way back over to the armchair.
“Dean. Doesn’t
Sam nodded.
“That doesn’t help matters, brother,” Jesus mumbled.
“Balls,” Bobby whispered. “Sam!” This time he yelled.
She had been feeling movements like that for weeks, first as nearly indescribable flutters. Now they were getting more pronounced. Now, she knew what they were. They were
Just before he closed the trunk, Sam caught sight of a gold and purple rosary beads laying haphazardly on the floor of the trunk. The chain was broken and one of the beads was missing.
“Good.” Ruby grinned, closing the trunk. The sound echoed through the underpass. “ Let’s go get Lilith.” With that, Ruby made her way through the grave, passing by the brick bridge foundation and over a metal gate that she jumped over.
Grounding himself, he glanced around the hallway.
Martha shook her head. “Nope.”
anywhere anytime soon.”
did it.”
Jesus shook his head. “First, I was to be the messiah of my people,” he let out a wearily breath. “Now I’m supposed to save the world?”
Dean only had to walk a couple blocks until he came upon St. Mary’s Cathedral. He had seen the steeples of it through a light haze of snow as he walked down the street from the coffee shop and made his way directly over to it as quickly as he could manage. It was majestic—old and gothic—with high steeples and a rose window in front.
:: Holy Week is the week just before Easter. It starts on Palm Sunday and lasts until Holy Saturday. One of the customs during this week is to cover statues and crucifixes purple cloths, the liturgical color of Lent as a symbol of mourning.
Sam quickly brought him over to the Impala, leaning him against the trunk of it as he rummaged through the pockets of Dean’s jacket, trying to find the car keys. Finally, Sam found them and unlocked the back passenger door, quickly sitting Dean down on the seat.
“Jesus fuck. You gotta be kidding me.” Dean sighed, rolling his eyes.
“You wanna be next?” He walked over to Amelia. “I’ll start by cutting your tongue out.”
Jesus shook his head nervously. “All he said was that Divine Inspiration would guide my words.”
“So.” Sam smirked. “Is the lobby enough to convince you we’re in the wrong place?” He cocked an eyebrow as he glanced around the vestibule.
Castiel glanced up at the Roman officer she was possessing.
Without so much as a word, he pulled the nails out of Dean’s hands and untied the ropes. Alastair pulled him up into his arms, carrying him over to a wooden stake that he tied Dean to before walking to the far side of the room.
to Heaven if we did that. And then they’d just bring you back. We were banking on you selling your soul for John. But when you didn’t…” Alastair shrugged. “Well, it turns out Sam was the better choice. A necessary sacrifice.” Alastair punched him again, this time in the face. “Besides, we
was the one who made sure he got to school on time.
Uriel folded his arms. “Either way, it doesn’t seem fair.”
Dean found himself lying on the sleeping bag, his body curled into itself and his hands pressed against his temples, clawing at the crown around his head. His eyes were slammed shut, stinging with tears and blood and his throat stung. Raspy and raw.
sure as fuck aren’t him either!” Sam thrust his hand forward.
Ruby gasped just as the first taste of blood and sulfur washed over Sam’s teeth and tongue. Instantly, the pain in his temples receded. Smoke flowed through his veins, washing over him like a fog. Sam let out a satisfied groan.
Before Dean could finish, Bobby ran over to him and hugged him, squeezing him tight. “You gotta stop dying on me son!” he cried.
“Who?”
The three of them made their way down into the basement where an unconscious young woman with frizzy red hair, dressed in an oversized college hoodie and jeans, was tied to a chair. A devil’s trap was painted on the floor underneath her and her clothes had scorch marks where holy water had touched her. She also had two stab wounds in her stomach.
He pressed his head against the building, whacking it hard against. “Cas you fucking idiot!
Dean winced, despite Castiel’s gentleness. “How the hell am I supposed to do that when I don’t even know what the final seal is?”
“About what?”
“Bad.” Sam cleared his throat. “Y— you need stitches. A lot of them. ” He grabbed the first aid kit and the bottle of whiskey from the bathroom counter. He glanced briefly at the purple handprint scar on Dean’s left shoulder.
Bobby paused.
Silence fell between them.
:: The Messianic Secret is a motif in the gospels of Mark and Matthew where Jesus commands his Apostles not to tell anyone that he is the Messiah.
No sooner had John disappeared than another sound filled the church.
is the best option we got.”
With the touch, his grace engulfed the whole of the cell in blinding white light. When it faded, Dean was alive, waking inside of a coffin, buried in a shallow grave. A circle of downed trees surrounded the grave that only a few milliseconds ago had been standing tall.
Dean winced as he closed his eyes, waving Sam off weakly. Sam walked away and Dean curled his body into itself, wrapping his arms around his knees. He ached horribly, not just with the physical pain of the wounds, but with confusion, uncertainty, and something much more profound that he just couldn't put his finger on. He ached with
Bobby put his shotgun down on his bed, rubbing his eyes. “Saint Mary’s in Ilchester, Maryland? I’ve heard of that place. A priest went postal in ‘72. Butchered a chapel full of nuns and blamed it on a demon.”
“No...” Dean shook his head. He backed away.
“Stop him from
“What time did Dean—?” Bobby asked, walking down the basement stairs.
“Up to snuff.” Zachariah’s words were blunt. “You’ve managed to beat most of your character flaws, shockingly enough. But you’ve still got to get that Hell grime off of your soul. Once you become the Spotless Lamb, you’re going to ride into battle and lay waste to Satan and his army. Paint the ground red with blood. After that you’re going to assume the throne and judge the living and the dead. So on and so forth.”
Thursday.” He paused for a second then turned to Sam him. “While we’re on the subject, Sam, does your lack of a better theory have anything to with you taking real long trips to ‘get gas’ this week?” He squinted his eyes at Sam. “Or the fact that you're clearly keeping something from me?” Dean’s question was leading.
Castiel nodded. “Yes. Though his true name is Lucifer. We have to prevent his return. If he comes,
now,” Dean said. “And I’ve spent that whole time hunting.”
“—I’m not.” Sam reached into his pocket and pulled out the bag. He handed it to her.
It was
Dean decided to stay at the convent. Though his wounds healed over by Friday afternoon, he assumed they would open up again the following Thursday and he didn’t want to risk leaving the convent and ending up someplace where he was alone if that happened.
” Dean broke his gaze away from the nativity scene, setting it on Castiel who was sitting on one of the churches’ side steps.
Dean’s eyes narrowed sharply. He shook his head. “I’ve got
needs you.” She paused. “I don’t want Ben growing up without his father.”
Dean was silent for a moment. “You must have known him pretty well, then, huh?”
Dean curled his body up closer to her comfort as best he could.
His gaze locked on the sight in front of him. Sam was crouched on the bathroom floor, holding Dean’s limp and bloody body in his hands by his shoulders, the front of his plaid button down and jeans stained with blood.
“Not enough,” Jesus sighed.
at the sight of her. She was standing amongst the crowd, garbed in all black with tears streaming down her face. A man the voice called James—
Near the cemetery’s edge, Jesus found a man wearing a bloodstained tunic. He was bound by iron chains and ropes to the innermost sarcophagus, the sides of it painted haphazardly with eyes and pentacles. Steam rose from his skin that touched the manacles around his wrists and ankles.
voices.
. All done by Yours Truly.” He paused, brushing a fingertip over the blood streaming down Dean’s forearm. “By the time I had hung up the last one, the first was already half-eaten by dogs. It was… electrifying, to say the least.”
Dean patted her hand. He looked at Amelia. “If you guys need anything. Let me know. Please.”
Bobby thought for a moment, focusing on the smell of roses that still lingered in the room.  “Maybe.” He took a deep breath. “Maybe Dean’s an Incorruptible.”
mission is to help Dean with
“Cas?” Dean croaked. “How did you—”
The man chuckled as he backed away from her, pulling the Blow Pop out of his mouth. “Easy with the kitchenware, Jill Munroe, I’m not here to hurt you.” He gestured nonchalantly to her stomach. “Or
With that, Sam stepped into the bathroom. He glanced nervously at the strips of used, drying gauze hanging down from the shower curtain rod. “Did the wounds open up last night?” He asked, his tone concerned, but awkward.
“Sam!” Dean barked, voice panic-ridden. “What’s it look like?”
There was a thumping in Dean’s chest. Fast. Aggressive. Panicked.
Dean stared at it before he put the glass to his lips, taking a sip from it. He spit it back out, his eyes wide with shock, wiping his mouth with his hand as he put the glass back on the nightstand. It didn’t taste of bitter grapes and alcohol, but the stale taste of metal and salt.
Dean caught it with his boot. “Rufus, listen. I know I’m probably the last person you wanna see right now. Especially given how bad things can get around this time of year. Pogroms. Auto-de-fes -”
Dean grew quiet. Slowly, he lifted his head up, gazing at the crucifix hanging behind the altar. “This is my blood, spilt for the sins of many,” he whispered, still speaking Aramaic. He looked at the crucifix only briefly before turning his eyes to Castiel. “You were there that night. At the Last Supper.” This time Dean spoke in English, his voice no more than a hoarse whisper. “Do you remember it?”
Sam grabbed his jacket, following behind. “Dean. It’s
Dean took a swig from the bottle. His buzz had begun to fade and with it the howling of hell hounds and the screaming began, just as they had every night since his resurrection three week prior. No matter how much he drank, they always came back.
He made his way quickly across the parking lot and into the Impala, climbing into the driver’s seat. He quickly took out his cellphone, calling Bobby.
“You gotta be fucking kiddin’ me,” he sighed with a shaken breath.
Placing the tree in the stand, Dean and Bobby fiddled with the tree’s position for a while until it was straight.
“R— Really? That so?” Dean chuckled awkwardly. His eyes shifted over to Sam, who was working his way back through the crowd.
(See the end of the chapter for
“You alright? What happened?” the singer shouted as she ran over to him.
“…The Stigmata?” Dean’s body stiffened.
Because this is historical fiction, any views or opinions expressed by the characters are what I feel are appropriate given the time and place. They do not reflect my own views.
“Sounds good.” Jimmy walked quickly into the bathroom, closing the door behind him. There was rustling and the clanking of belt buckles on tiles followed by the rattling of shower curtains and the water running. A deep groan of relief echoed from the bathroom.
A moment later, the sound of the front door slamming shut followed the all too familiar sound of Sam’s feet running up the stairs, Bobby’s heavier steps following behind them.
“Pontiac, Illinois. Yeah,” Jimmy said.
by Matisyahu
This chapter contains explicit sexual content.
“This shouldn’t come as a shock,
commanded it. Because you’re the
The title is from
He waited, hoping he’d hear the familiar flap of wings and the gruff voice that accompanied it, but nothing happened.
. It’s
“—I got lawn chairs and a six pack sitting in the trunk of the Chevelle.” Bobby stood from the table, taking both fishing poles into his hands. “I’m not taking ‘no’ for an answer, Dean.” With that he walked out in the foyer. “You got ten minutes!” he called out, shutting the front door behind him.
Dean stood against one of Bobby’s bookshelves, anxiously listening as Bobby read aloud apocalyptic and messianic passages from the Bible and explained bits of lore as Sam added his own knowledge and debated him. Daniel. Isaiah. Ezekiel. Jeremiah. Revelation. The War Scroll. Bobby and Sam had been going at it for what seemed like hours.
issue for him.”
do.” Jesus glanced into the room, looking briefly at his brother. Tears filled his eyes. “I
“You can’t just have communion wafers and wine Dean,” Sam said annoyed. “You need
to be saved. Dean could see evidence of it on his body, touch it and even
With that Bobby left the kitchen, disappearing into the basement.
?” Lucifer asked. “After all, you have his
Dean paused for a second before he walked over to him, dropping a few dollars into the man’s bucket as a respectful ‘Sir’ came from his mouth. Sam promptly followed suit.
okay?”
As they reached the driveway, Dean fell to the ground. A heavy, invisible weight pressed down upon his shoulders. A dead weight that splintered and chaffed against his skin.
Miriamne,
Dean paused for a long moment. “And who says I want to do that?”
to say.” Jesus chuckled slightly. “You always speak in the synagogue. You’re practically a rabbi.”
Castiel’s feet touched down inside the church’s now-deserted vestibule. The stench of sulfur, smoke, and blood washed over him as he landed. It had almost completely overtaken the scent of roses, but he could still smell it, ever so faintly.
He’d suspected as much for a while now. The visions Dean had of the crucifixion were far too visceral, too intimate, too
“In the meantime. Study, participate, ask questions. Always ask questions. Do you have any ideas for a Hebrew name?”
In a strange way, Sam had missed Ruby’s smell.
Miriamne lowered herself down into the dirt, her hands protectively cradling her belly
Sam’s expression froze in horror. After a moment’s hesitation, he walked over to Dean. Squatting down in front of him, he pulled the blanket down from Dean’s torso, glancing at his left side. “You don’t have The Spear?” He swallowed hard, dropping the blanket.
,” Dean wheezed as he flung the duffle over his shoulder. “We’ll talk about it later, alright? Let’s just get the hell outta here.” He gave the mother and daughter a quick glance as he made his way to the door.
Sam clenched his hands into fists, willing them to stop shaking as he took a deep breath.
“Then what
Castiel’s brow furrowed. “You’ll learn of it soon enough.”
, Sam.” A concerned look spread across Ruby’s face as she shut the motel room door behind them. “You must have really had a rough night last night.”
Light-filled the room, white and luminous. Warm and inviting, the light washed over him, engulfing him like water. Instantly sober, Dean could hear the sound of wings.
Miriamne’s brow furrowed. “Of course,” she replied, confused. “But what wine?
do that.”
Though the wounds still glowed, Castiel watched for a moment as Dean’s fingers moved—once again fluid and unbroken—before he disappeared.
“It should, because that’s not a threat, Son of David. It’s a promise.” His gaze shifted briefly to James before turning back to Jesus. He smirked. “He’s coming soon.”
Come daybreak, Castiel left the tomb, keeping watch among the trees and hills around it.
:: According to the Roman Catholic dogma of transubstantiation, the bread and the wine used in the Eucharist become the literal body and blood of Christ. This doctrine is also held (though often referred to differently) by most Orthodox Christian denominations. Most Protestant denominations, however, believe it be a purely symbolic representation.
she gets to Dean.” There was urgency in Ruby’s voice.
A pit grew in Jesus' stomach. “So I—” He swallowed. “—I failed?”
“If I’m not mistaken,” Castiel began, “it’s customary to leave your head uncovered while in church.” His voice was leading.
Claire nodded. “Yeah. He would.”
Memories flooded Dean’s mind.
difficult to believe,” Jesus said. “You’d make some man very happy. ”
He remembered James waking one night on the road to Jerusalem and telling him that God had spoken to him in his sleep. He remembered going off to pray to Castiel and confronting him.
A groan came through the intercom followed by silence. A few seconds later the door opened.
“I’m trying to protect you,Dean.” Sam’s voice was desperate. “I’m trying to
:: "Eli Eli Lama Sabachthani?" Is one of seven sayings Jesus is said to have spoken on the cross. It's mentioned in both the Gospel of Mark and the Gospel of Mathew and roughly translates from Aramaic to, "My God, my God, why have you forsaken me?"
, Son of David. Then again, you
getting them?” His eyes moved back and forth with trepidation. “I mean, that’s a
“It frightens me,” Jesus said honestly, taking a deep breath. “Part of me even wishes that Hashem chose someone else.” Jesus shook his head. “But that doesn’t mean I don’t have faith.” He looked at Castiel. “To have Faith means you must wrestle with it.”
Sam shot her a look. “Did
“James.” A lump grew in Dean’s throat. “My brother.”
by Rise Against
“And what if we
the messiah; he was Jesus reincarnated. By celebrating Christmas, Dean was celebrating himself, which didn’t sit well with him.
Castiel had always known Dean’s name and its significance; though the exact circumstances of how and when the man attached to it would be born had always remained a mystery to him until one cold January morning when that mystery ceased. There were no heavenly choirs, just a crying baby and a new mother whose dreams from the first time she felt him kick had told her that angels would keep him safe.
“From the moment your soul entered Perdition, we fought to get you back, but you were
“What Dean and I did when I was human has
Sam nodded as he started to walk towards the door. “Well, I’ll be downstairs doing research if you need anything.”
Nothing happened.
“Except my mission isn’t to bring
“Yeah? Then what is it?” Dean asked. “What is this place?”
any easier.” Bobby’s words were blunt but sincere. He looked at Sam sympathetically, his lips fixing into a concerned frown. “But you gotta be
by Nirvana
“You’ll have help,” Castiel replied.
Sam blinked.  "A
Susan glanced down at her stomach then looked back up at Dean, furrowing her brow. “Thanks...”
“Apparently. Yes.”
this. I don’t wanna half-ass it.”
.” Dean’s voice shook bitterly, his puffy eyes not making contact with Sam. “I’m no Spotless Lamb. I’m no Savior and I don’t
:: Lent is a Christian liturgical season marking the forty days leading up to Easter, beginning on Ash Wednesday. It is celebrated mostly by Roman Catholic and Orthodox denominations, but is also celebrated by the Anglican, Methodist and Lutheran churches. It is intended to be a time of prayer, penance and self-denial, often in the form of fasting and abstaining from meat. Because of its connection to the death of Jesus, the stigmata are more likely to appear on person or bleed during this season.
away from your brother?” Bobby shot Dean an incredulous look.
Dean shuddered.
Sam picked the shirts up and inspected them. A wave of the rose scent washed over him as he moved them. The blood stains covering them were still bright red, without even with the slightest sign of oxidation. Sam lifted the shirt up to his nose and smelled it. Immediately, he reeled back, lowering the fabric from his face. The stench was overwhelming, turning his gut in its concentration. But it wasn’t the metallic tang of iron and plasma, nor the familiar, comforting scent of motor oil or cheap cologne that always clung to his brother.
caring about me. I want him to pick another son,” Dean snapped, his voice tinged heavy with fear and anger.
Dean rested his head against the cool window of a pickup truck’s passenger seat. He stared with half-open eyes out at the empty fields of grass along Kansas Highway 25. Frost covered and gray, the landscape was utterly void of life for miles in any direction.
don’t want that. It’s a...symbiotic alliance. ‘The enemy of my enemy is my friend’ as they say.”
Dean looked at Castiel suspiciously. “Really?”
His concentration was broken by the side garage door opening followed by Bobby’s gruff voice.
Slowly, Bobby turned his gaze back over to Dean, staring at him.  Were it not for the scars and the stillness of his body, he almost looked as though he was sleeping.
Dean watched her walk down the sidewalk, taking a cellphone out of her jacket pocket before he shut the door. As soon the door was closed, he heard the sound of two shotguns pumping.
“Please, Abba,” Dean sobbed, collapsing to his knees, his body shaking. “You’re offering me a cup, but I don’t want to drink what’s in it.”
“Sam?” He rasped out. There was no answer.
As Castiel made his way back to his post, he saw the glow of torches off in the distance, breaking through the dark and fog. They shone a low light on the figures of a squad of men that were making their way through the garden.
“You left me hanging for two weeks, Ruby.” Sam shot her look. “What else was I supposed to do?”
After lighting them, he said a prayer over challah bread and wine, taking a bite and sip of each.
Castiel’s body stiffened, anger spreading across his face.
Sam had three missed calls. He deleted the first one, a number with an Illinois area code he didn’t recognize. The last two were from Bobby.
Dean dropped Bobby off at the Motel before making his way to the church.  He walked inside, finding Castiel standing behind the altar, his gaze locked on the crucifix.
A few seconds later the church official came barreling at him, his eyes black as pitch. “What’s the matter Sammy? Lost your mojo?” he snarled.
Dean was starting to remember more and more. The words of food blessings or the process of making wood stain out of honey and olive oil that had only haunted him in his sleep and during ecstatic visions had become as much a part of him as the lyrics to Hey Jude or the proper way to pack a rock salt shotgun shell.
She furrowed her brow. “Why?”
Dean was in Bobby’s panic room.  The dark walls and dim light were a far cry from the blinding light of the bathroom he had been lying in what seemed to him just a few moments before. The last thing he remembered was a sharp pain in his side, slicing metal, the sudden cease of his heartbeat. The warm gush of liquid falling down his side, and finally, still darkness.
“Dean? What the hell are you doing here?” Rufus asked, annoyed more than anything.
Dean’s eyes grew wide. “Is that…?”
The blood Ruby gave him lasted only a few days.
moved up in the world, haven’t you?”
When Jesus got closer, the man’s eyes turned black.
“Can’t or won’t?”
The bartender nodded, grabbing the bottle. “Here you go, Faulkner,” she said, putting a low ball glass in front of Dean and pouring the alcohol into it. The bartender had barely pulled the bottle away when Dean picked the glass up, knocking back half of it.
Hellgate. The place where The Cage can be opened.”
Out of the corner of his eye, Dean caught sight of something sitting on the nightstand, he turned his head to find a neatly folded blue and white stripped prayer shawl sitting on top of it. It’s fringes dangled over the side of the nightstand. Bobby— Dean assumed—had left it there while he was sleeping.
“Brett, our bartender, started talkin’ to him. He said the man had “The Look” and wanted to make sure he was alright. You see, Brett was a sergeant in the army. He did two tours in Iraq. Got half his face burned up in an IED explosion. He knew the signs like the back of his hand.” She pointed over to a picture of a young man dressed in an army T-shirt; a burn scar covered the left side of his face and neck.
He was kneeling in an empty cell, his arms were slick with thick black blood up to his elbows. More blood splattered his face and naked torso. A knife sat on the floor next to him. The soul had been flayed. Ripped and burned. The palms burned ice cold where wounds refused to heal.  But there was something else on the soul. Scars. Scars that marked his side, wrists, ankles, back, and forehead. Old scars that healed over and faded lifetimes ago.  They burned with almost indictable heat, like a cooled ember.
With a cry, Dean raised the knife, thrusting it downward. His eyes snapped shut at the sound of the woman’s bloodcurdling screams.
type.”
“Great.” Dean murmured sarcastically. He picked up his duffle bag and made his way down the aisle. “Well, I’m not really in the mood to deal with some dick angel right now so if you don’t mind—”
“No.” Dean chuckled as he put the Bible back down. “I'm not really the…
In Sam’s arms was an unconscious Ruby, a thick stream of blood running down her neck. Lilith lay motionless on the floor in a crumpled heap.
“I just-” Dean paused. “Christmas just doesn’t mean anything to me anymore. Not that it ever really did. In fact, I kinda hate it.”
Claire’s eyes locked on Dean, going wide. She stood up from the couch. “It’s Him! I told you!”
The sound of the Heavenly Host’s collective voice buzzed in Castiel’s ears. ‘
“I think his pride was wounded more,” James said. “He shouldn’t have said that to you.”
“I see you didn’t get pummeled to death,” Bobby said, fiddling with a silver star made of tinsel.
Dean furrowed his brow. Even though he loved fishing, he didn’t want to go anywhere. “Do we have to?” He took an apprehensive sip from his coffee.
Father DeMatteo stood up from the couch, walking slowly over them. “Claire I can assure you that this man isn’t Jesus.” He paused. His gaze locking on Dean. He smirked. “He’s not even the shit and piss the Nazarene soiled himself with on the cross.”
There was no answer.
“That’s enough out of you!” Anna shouted.  She walked over to the demon. In a swift motion, Anna plunged her sword into the side of the demon’s torso. His body lit up and convulsed before going limp against the post. Pulling the blade out, she looked at Castiel. “I want you to go and find Balthazar. Make sure he takes on another vessel. I don’t care how much he enjoys roasted swine, we’re supposed to be inconspicuous. Possessing a Roman Legionnaire in Galilee is the exact opposite of that.”
“Cas!” Dean darted through the trees and overgrown brush, following the groans over to the tree Casitel’s body was resting against. He crouched down next to the body, placing his hands on it’s shoulders. “Cas! Are you okay?”
“Sammy. I know you’re still in there. You gotta listen to me, okay?” Dean’s voice shook as he picked himself up off the floor. “Whatever it is you’re planning on doing with Lilith, don’t do it. There’s more goin’ on here then you realize.”
“Peachy,” Dean rasped. He turned his head toward Sam, watching as he began to pull the final stitch through his skin. “Ya know… I could take care of that for you, if you want.” His words sounded more like a plea than a suggestion.
“I know, mom.” Tears started to well up in Dean’s eyes. “Believe me. I know.”
, don’t you?”
“Sore.” Jesus sighed deeply; he paused briefly. “Not as bad as Simon’s jaw, I’m sure.”
to me. What this is gonna
“Come on.
When Dean wasn’t doing odd jobs around the convent, he spent his time alone in his room or sitting in the church, listening to people’s prayers and looking at the artwork. Even after the Sisters figured out who and what Dean was, aside from occasionally calling him “Lord” or looking at him in reverence, they mostly left him to his own devices.
He and Sam had spent the weekend in New Jersey, trying with little success to get him to recover from his wounds. By late Friday afternoon, the bleeding had stopped, but the wounds themselves weren’t showing much, if any signs of healing. The pain that accompanied them eased, but not much. Instead, it became a dull ache rather than a ripping sting.
Voices flooded his head. A cacophony of voices. Multitudes. Not in English. Not in Latin or even Aramaic.
“That’s true, but you do think any of the angels understand that?”
,” Dean repeated, “‘Hail, King of the Jews’. That’s what the bastards said. You know what that—” His voice turned into a series of mumbles.
He didn’t want to stop driving. Partly because he didn’t want the feeling to end, partly because he knew that when he stopped, he’d have to go looking for Sam. A Sam that, Dean hoped, wasn’t gone.
thing?’” Dean snapped as he cocked an eyebrow. “Sam, we’ve got
Dean wished he could move and not just because of the bleeding. Though church had always made him feel uncomfortable, it felt almost foreign to him now. Alien. The organ music made him long for the sound of a cantor chanting in Hebrew. The statues stirred up anger at Roman battle standards —graven images—placed outside The Temple.  Though it was covered by a purple cloth, he couldn’t even look at the crucifix hanging behind the altar. It brought up images of half-rotted corpses tied up along roadsides.
Bobby helped Sam lean against the wall.
Sam glared. "I didn’t come here to listen to you mumble New Age crap. I came here
“Why do you need to save the world? Why do you think people need you to save them? Come with me, come back to me. I need you, Dean.
when we-”
Lisa’s face dropped its worried facade. She sat down on one of the pews, and Dean’s heart began to race.
Castiel locked his gaze on Dean. “The Lamb reset the seals. The Lamb must be the first to break them.”
Dean stood up and walked over to the row of phones in Bobby’s kitchen, picking up the house phone. He stared down at the receiver, taking a deep breath before he dialed Sam’s cell phone number.
“No.” Sam shook his head. “Either Dean burns or we find a way to bring him back. Old Dean.”
just fine. You’re
Dean looked at Castiel. “Once I grab my stuff, you mind helping me with that?”
“Sam...we can’t bring ‘old’ Dean back.”
“You have a wall holding the memories back. It’s cracking, and soon, it will crumble,” Castiel said softly. He paused for a moment, watching him. “Even though it’s the same soul, it’s still
“Vampires. It was a small family nest.” Sam’s words were blunt, but obviously rehearsed.
birthday is in January.” Dean shot Bobby a look. “My
“What was that?” Sam stopped in his tracks, cocking an eyebrow at his brother.
hands.”
Instead, he picked up the newspaper beside him, scanning the front page briefly before flipping through the obituaries and classifieds. Between looking for hunts, he searched for any stories that could point to Dean. Heartwarming pieces on spontaneously cured cancer patients, the ravings of a pastor in the religion section, even anecdotes about running into a hitchhiker matching Dean’s description in fluff pieces. Anything that could be a lead.
“Yeah.” Dean cleared his throat as he leaned back in the pew. “I guess you could say that.”
. But now when that time came, as Sam expected it would, Dean was more likely to die with a beatific look upon his face as he quoted archaic scripture. Willingly giving up his soul to The Father without a shred of fear.
Sam’s eyes swirled and burned bright yellow.
Then Sam heard his name. It was being shouted- loud and desperate, panicked- by a voice he almost didn’t recognize. Rough and raspy, like a shot of whiskey. A voice he thought he’d never hear again.
to do this.”
. Almost as though Dean was doing them only because he was
Where Sam’s hazel eyes were supposed to be there was nothing but black pools. Dark as pitch and smoke.
Jesus shook his head. “Cain became a demon because he was jealous of his brother and slew him. Demons are the product of evil inclinations. They are souls that have been corrupted by wickedness,” he paused. “And they deceive.”
“You gonna sit here all day?” Bobby asked. “We’ve got shit to do.”
He opened his blue eyes and sat up, pressing a hand to his forehead.
“Sam,” Ruby moaned, yanking at Sam’s hair. “Fuck me.”
is awkward,” Dean mumbled, rubbing his eyes. He hissed as Castiel put the damp washcloth to his back.
, Dean. You’ve got no reason not to, at this point.”
“We are agents of Our Father’s wrath and justice. Of fate,” Uriel hissed. “We do as we must. No one is above that.” With that, Uriel disappeared.
:: While in popular culture and in Christian tradition Mary Magdalene is often thought to have been a prostitute, in the actual text of the gospels this is not the case. The Gospel of Luke and Mark describe her as being a women whom Jesus cast out seven demons (one common theory for the demons being that they were a metaphor for seizures.) In the gospels of Mathew, Mark and John she witnesses both the crucifixion and the resurrection. In the Gnostic Gospel of Phillip, Mary is described as being Jesus’ ‘companion’ whom he would ‘kiss often on the mouth,’ the implication being that they were married.
“He will.” Castiel’s words were certain. “He has far more potential than you’re giving him credit for.”
“Yeah.”
Ruby followed behind him. “What’s going on?”
For a brief moment, Dean thought he was remembering in Hell, until the voice returned. It was screaming, almost crying.
thing. I know you’re
“Heart attack,” Dean added quickly.
Bobby chuckled. “Fine son, have at it.” He started the car. “Just don’t have the damn thing blaring. I wanna keep my ear drums.”
“What I’m saying is the
you?” Jimmy blinked.
“No.” Dean shook his head as he walked further in the room. “My name is Dean.”
“Nope. The Klan drove them out. Set fire to their house. Lynched a couple of my great-great uncles-may their memory be a blessing.”
Dean closed the church door behind him. He listened as it creaked loudly against the cold, dead air. One of the windows near the front of the church had lost its protective boarding, letting the weak winter light filter through, down into the chapel. It gave Dean just enough light to make out the faded bible verse painted on the wooden paneling above the pulpit stage, “‘
“Not permanently,” Judas added, taking a sip of his wine. “One of our cousins living in Rome tried to kill ‘Divine Julius’— a god the Romans created out of one of their emperors.” He paused. “He was already dead when they nailed his body to a tree just outside of Rome.” He drummed his fingers on the table. “As long as the pagan gods have worshippers and sacrifices, they have power and empires that worship them, likewise, have power.”
Immediately, the demons’ heads glowed and they all collapsed to the floor in unison  with a thud.
His breathing began to slow.
Just as the buzzing began to hit an earsplitting pitch, everything went black.
by Rise Against
But then the kind voice was replaced with a sound he had often heard in Hell, something cracking as it cut through the air behind him.
Then the rabbi looked over at James. “Today’s Prophet reading, from Isaiah, shall be read by James bar Joseph.”
“So the resurrection.” Dean cocked an eyebrow. “That never happened?”
Sam ignored her, content to run his tongue over her clit and drink until she jerked herself away from the touch of his tongue. Instantly Sam pulled himself up, crashing his blood coated mouth against Ruby’s.
“…What?” Sam’s eyes glanced at him quickly.
“Thanks, sons.” The man smiled as he carefully picked up and handed them flowers. “I appreciate the donation, and the politeness on top of it.”
, Jesus,” he said, as if explaining something difficult to a small child.
Mary shifted her gaze over to him. “And I know James will follow you,” she said, “He’s been tugging on the bottom of your tunic since before he could walk.” Mary shook her head. “I won’t see my sons killed. But I have no choice. You’re going to do what you
(Tradtional Christmas Carol)
to merely be an experience Heaven had bestowed upon him.
“Oh Jesus,” Bobby grumbled. He followed Amelia and Claire into the kitchen.
?” John cocked an eyebrow. “All they’re asking of you is to be the Messiah you’re supposed to be, the Messiah you need to be, and you can’t even do that right. Why Dean? Because you don’t
Then Dean remembered. He remembered everything.  Honey cakes. A carpenter’s stall. The smell of Lebanon cedar shavings. A brother’s hair he tussled, another brother’s jaw he punched. Desert heat. Cool lake waters. The near constant taste of wine on his lips. A canopy he finally stood under. The frightening but precious feel of his hand pressed against a swollen belly as his child’s foot kicked it.
—you’d be great at it.” She quickly picked the Bible up and held it out to Dean. “I’ll give it you for fifteen.”
Vessel
to do.”
Castiel shook his head. “This is
to me?”
Sam leaned against the bathroom counter. “Damn it,” he hissed, folding his arms. His fingers drummed a tense rhythm against his ribcage.
“Sam! You okay?” Dean yelled, his voice strained with panic.
to exorcise demons.” Dean’s words were blunt. “And they don’t involve me using demonic psychic powers that run the risk of turning me into the Antichrist.”
Sam got out of bed, giving Dean’s bandaged torso a quick glance before he crouched down. As carefully and quietly as he could, he opened the drawers of the nightstand between their beds, searching for the hex bag he was hoping—
“Well, come in.” Jacob let Dean into the house, quickly shutting the door behind them. “You actually came at a good time. The town’s been waist deep in demons. They started popping up more and more about mid-September and we just haven't been able to keep up. Me and Susan have performed twenty exorcisms so far this month. Three this week alone, and it’s only Tuesday.” He shook his head, running a hand through his thinning hair. “We’re prepping for one right now. The monster is possessing a young woman from my church. If you’re up to it, we could sure use some help with it.”
Part of him wanted to turn back, go back into the Impala, find a motel room, and crash there. His eyes were heavy and his legs ached from two days of driving. He didn’t feel like getting into an argument he was sure was going to come. At the same time, another part of him wanted to knock on the door for the same reason. He had driven all that way, refilled his gas tank more times than he could count. He couldn’t turn back now.
With a blink, the wounds were completely gone.
Dean’s eyes settled on a tree sitting in the front yard just beside the house. Without a second thought, he walked over to it. Placing the bottle against the base of the tree, he pressed his hand nervously against the bark, raising his eyes to the night sky, clear and brilliantly lit by the full moon.
. You boys are really damn lucky you didn’t run into any demons.” There was a note of concerned, even anger in Bobby’s voice.
"Damn it, Dean,” Bobby hissed. He ran his free hand through his hair before nervously readjusting his baseball cap.
The girl smiled and nodded just before her mother scolded her, telling her to leave him alone.
I’m turning into a walking crucifix and makin’ Chianti outta tap water.” He was quiet for a second before a sarcastic smirk spread across his mouth. “Who am I? Jesus Christ Superstar’s follow-up album?”
Jesus didn’t say anything. He ran his hand down his face, shutting his eyes as he began to pace around the balcony.
“No problem,” Dean said, adjusting the tie. He walked back over to the tree, picking the axe back up.
He pulled the knife out, trailing the blade up her leg until he reached the meat of her inner thigh.
Dean lay in his bed for a few moments in silence, trying to get back to sleep, but it was no use. He slowly pulled the pillow off his head and looked at the clock on the nightstand. It was almost eleven. “Son of a bitch,” he mumbled softly to himself. He hadn’t slept that late in years.
It was the first time in three months he had even been in the car and the first time in six months he had driven her. The smell of the leather, the hum of the engine, the grip of his hands on the steering wheel brought him such peace. The pressure of his foot against the gas pedal grounded Dean and made him feel like himself. His
A buzzing sound began to fill the air.
anything, either. Okay?”
He sat up, trying to focus, to pull the memory out, but he couldn’t. It was locked.
“And three days later?” Dean asked, his tone leading, turning his gaze back to Castiel.
want from me I won’t do. I
it’s a shame The Cage was locked when you were in Hell because I would have
“They do. The Stigmata are usually bestowed to act mainly as a source of inspiration to the mystic or to their Community of Faith. As such, the details of their appearance are affected by the collective perceptions of the Faithful. Artistic depictions of Christ’s suffering. Paintings, crucifixes, mosaics.” Castiel took the now bloodstained washcloth and red-tinted water bucket back into the bathroom, returning with a clean t-shirt.
“Faith, as necessary as it is,
Finally, Jesus stopped his chisel and lifted his gaze up to James. “Because I feel like
called? Coulda fooled me. I thought it was crucifixion.” A tired chuckle left Dean’s mouth as he glanced around the room, empty aside from the two of them. “Uriel bailed, huh?” He looked quickly at the clock on the nightstand. It was almost four. “Where’s Sam?” Dean’s question was equal parts concern and near indifference as he sat up with a pained hiss.
“Do you guys know what you want?”
in the crockpot. How about we all sit down and discuss this more over lunch?” She took a couple steps closer to Dean and smiled. “I’m sure you’re hungry.”
“I saw the blood, Sam.” Despite its strain, Dean’s voice carried across the room.
“I don’t think I can eat another bite.” Dean shook his head.
“So you know Mr. Turner huh?” The rabbi asked. She was a woman in her 50’s with short gray hair, partially covered by a yarmulke.
“You must have pulled on the stitches when you were moving around in your sleep.” Sam took a bite out of his blueberry muffin, taking note of Dean’s uncharacteristic lack of appetite. He hoped it was just fatigue and pain causing it, just like he was hoping the bleeding was from Dean turning in his sleep. “That’s gonna make the wounds bleed.”
Dean tossed his leather jacket and the room key onto the table before marching over to the kitchenette. He grabbed a half-drunk bottle of whiskey off the counter before sitting on the end of his bed.
John shook his head. “Honey, you married a
“About what you said to Zachariah.”
“It’s alright Ima,” Jesus said, “I found the rest. I ordered these this morning.” He gestured to the large vats of wine between them. “I simply forgot to lay them out for the guests.” His gut twisted at the lie, unable to meet his mother’s eye.
“I wanna get this over with.” Dean sighed deeply as he started to lift himself out of the chair. As he got to his feet, Sam placed his hands on his shoulders in an attempt to steady him. He instantly wrenched free from Sam’s grip, shooting him an angry look as he made his way out of the room.
Sam leaned over to him, his voice muffled and panicked. “We should leave. Now.”
Dean paused, glancing over at Cas, who nodded. “Yeah, sweetheart, he is.”
Dean was thankful for that. He was even more thankful for the dive bar within walking distance of the motel. The special that night was a heady combination of half-priced apple pie shots, a curvy brunette bartender, and friendly local barflies who assumed a Midwestern drawl meant an honest game of pool that Dean took full advantage of.
“I know what he’ll have to do, Anna. It’s Our Father’s Will. It’s not our place to question Dean’s destiny.” Castiel paused. “Perhaps you’re letting your sympathies… your
:: While Roman Catholics and Orthodox Christians believe that the Virgin Mary remained a virgin her whole life, most Protestant denominations believe that Jesus had biological siblings.
to do with the fact that I’ve spent my whole life watching good people get ripped apart by evil while you guys sat on your asses and
“Nothing.” Sam’s voice turned defensive. “I’m fine.”
Judas.” The words hung in the air. “They’ll use him to find you.”
Dean froze, his eyes shifting. “What are you talking about, Cas?”
It was the only prayer Dean ever really said. Pastor Jim had taught the prayer to him when he was a little boy and while he didn’t say it much, if ever, he knew the words by heart.
Bobby nodded. He walked over to the door and once again opened the slot.
what you just—”
“Yes,” Castiel said bluntly. “It’s not here yet, but it will be soon. That’s why you’re seeing more demons on Earth. They’re amassing an army.” Castiel paused. “For The Destroyer.”
To Dean’s shock, the wafer and wine not only eased his pain, but managed to satisfy his hunger. When Sister Joan walked him back, Mother Superior told him he could stay for as long as needed to, so long as he helped around the convent and parish.
Dean turned his head, setting his eyes on Alastair, who stood behind him, hovering. Slowly, his gaze lowered to the bloody knife held in his shaking hand, still marred with a nail wound in the center of the palm, his fingers barely able to grasp the blade’s handle.
He nuzzled his way down her chest, wrapping his lips around one of her nipples. He sucked just hard enough to leave a deep red mark on her skin. Moving lower, he pressed his face just beneath the swell of her breast, where he could feel her pulse beating wildly.
“Hey Zach!” Dean yelled, standing up. He could see Zachariah standing a few yards away from him, at the edge of the ravine.
Dean wiped the blood from his cheeks, his expression hardening. Without a single word, he turned and headed over to his bed where he grabbed his jacket. He shoved his feet into his boots and walked over to the door.
Dean had scoffed at the pomp and circumstance of it all during the last the mass, gaining more than one angry look from the parishioners who had sat around him.
, Bitch!” Dean slammed his palm down on the trunk, over the sigil.
you are.” A chuckle left Uriel’s mouth. “With that
. You were born January 24th, 1979. You’re an Aquarius and a Goat. Your father’s name is John and your mother’s name is-” Dean paused. “Mary.” Dean pursed his lips, sighing as he dipped his head. “Son of a
The ache disappeared.
Without any hesitation, Dean limped his way up the steps and through the vestibule and into the nave, wincing against the ever-increasing pain of his ankles. He found it nearly empty, populated only by a few parishioners, all of whom were focused intensely on their rosaries and confession penances.
Bobby grew quiet.
The night air became colder.
being her favorite. “…Mom?” Dean’s salt crusted eyes went wide with shock as his voice shook. “Is this— is that really—”
The title is from
“I did.” Jesus nodded.
“Mister, you gotta take your hat off,” she whispered as though it was some kind of big secret.
Bobby closed the slot. He didn’t say anything.
Dean loved Castiel and he never said it. Now he couldn’t say it. Castiel was gone. Dead maybe. And if somehow he wasn’t, the chances were good that the love was ripped out of him by what Heaven had done to him.
The boy nodded. His eyes darted down to Dean’s hands. He looked back up at him in confusion. “Where are your wounds? He said you bore the marks of your Passion.”
Dean furrowed his brow. “Yeah?”
“Yes, you are. You’re worthless, Dean.” John glared. “You’ve been
The sound of wings filled the air, followed by footstep shifting against dirt and sand.
Jesus had hated weddings from the time he was old enough for betrothal. He
Sam picked aimlessly at the mushy blueberries seeping into his cold waffles. He wasn’t sure why he even ordered it. He hadn’t eaten in two days, but the smell of old grease and maple syrup permeated the entire Waffle House and it made his stomach turn.
for believing in. Those things are what saved you. You’re a part of them and you’re
“Hey Cas,” Dean said softly. He didn’t look up at him.
Rufus shot Dean a look. “Don’t like having your birthday and XMas on the same day huh? Well that’s not my problem kid.” Rufus started to shut the door.
Jimmy paused.
:: 'Sons of God' is a term that appears in various Jewish texts, used to describe angels. It appears most notably in the book of Enoch, where angels have intercourse with human women and produce half angel/human hybrids known as 'Nephilim'. The term is separate from 'Son of God' which, according to Christian belief, is a messianic term.
gonna be okay.”
he remembered that he had taken his hat off. He was quiet for a moment before he locked eyes with the priest. “
Mary turned at John’s voice and smiled. “Yup. Twenty-one weeks,” she glanced at John who was sitting on his side of the bed, staring intently at the grainy black and white sonogram photo in his hand. “You’ll be happy to know that I picked up some
In the back of his mind, Dean knew this was a bad idea. It was a bad idea going to a large church. It was a bad idea doing this the morning after his birthday while he was nursing a Jim Beam induced hangover. It was a bad idea being all of three towns over from Lawrence. In a different life, one without demons and monsters, he probably would have had a wrestling match at this town’s high school. It was too crowded, too early, and too close to home.
Shouting buzzed through Jesus’s ears, the sound of his disciples and some of the local me yelling at each other. He could still hear them even as he stood in the alleyway behind the synagogue. When he had left a few moments before to get some fresh air it had been a discussion about one of Jesus’s teachings, now it was an argument. An argument he almost didn’t care about.
don’t have much time. Sam is going to break the final Seal.”
Ever since what happened on Christmas Eve, Dean had been batting around the idea of going to church. Dean knew as The Second Coming of Christ he probably
“I know, Sam.
“A Jew stuck in a land filled with goys.” Rufus took a deep breath as he opened the door. “You better have brought some Johnnie with you.”
is my mission now.” Jesus paused. “And perhaps,” he glanced up at the night sky. “Perhaps it always was.” He brushed the tears roughly away from his cheek.
“You’re telling me the angels ganked Jesus because he wouldn’t obey them?” Dean swallowed. “How did they even get away with that? I mean, he would have outranked all of you, right?”
Dean let out a sigh. “Bobby, this problem ain’t gonna go away until we find The Whore. That’s what Cas said. Until we shank her ass these assholes are gonna keep popping up.”
soul Dean. You’ve
Naamah retched, but no black smoke billowed out of her. Sam clenched his fingers tighter, his knuckles turning white. His arm was already shaking and a thin stream of blood had started to run down from one of his nostrils when he could hear the sound of Dean’s steel-toe boots moving across the linoleum of the kitchen floor.
Castiel took a deep breath. “Hello, Dean.” His voice was mournful.
Dean walked over to one of the benches sitting on the sidewalk and sat down on it, shaking his head again. “It doesn’t matter. I still broke the damn seal. I still broke in Hell.” Dean’s voice cracked sharply. “I— I can’t do this, Cas. I’m not strong enough. I’m not strong enough to heal Sam. I’m not strong enough to keep my shit together in The Pit. I’m not strong enough to fight Lucifer. You gotta find somebody else.”
“Your memories of Hell. Some psychosomatic thing.”
At first, it made Castiel angry, but soon, none of it mattered to him. Under Naomi’s constant poking and prodding, Castiel began to forget. He forgot Jesus’ humanity. The way Jesus smiled and laughed around his third cup of wine.  In time, Castiel even forgot the reason why Jesus had died. The
Taking a deep breath, Bobby made his way down the steps and over to Sam.
Then Sam’s feet began to move towards the bathroom.  Just before they reached the bathroom, they stopped. Dean heard Sam gag outside the bathroom door.
” Without another word, Dean walked briskly down the stairs.
“Jimmy!” Amelia cried. She looked at Dean. “Can you save him? Please.”
“—Yeah? Well, fuck that! That’s not what I’m here for. I know that,” Dean spat, narrowing his eyes at Castiel. “And I’m not gonna let a bunch of asshole angels tell me otherwi—”
:: The idea that Hell has nine layers comes from the Divine Comedy, a three-part epic poem written by Dante Alighieri in the early 14th Century. The first work-Inferno- depicts each layer of Hell being dedicated to one specific sin, each one worst than the last. The ninth layer -Treachery- is where Satan dwells. The idea that Satan is trapped in ice is also from The Divine Comedy.
Bobby’s eyes went wide. “Jesus had
.” Jesus’ lip trembled and his head, too heavy for his shoulders, fell to his chest.
I was here.”
Jesus knew why. Most men his age had been married long enough to have children who in a few short years would be making Bar Mitzvahs, if they hadn’t done so already. Aside from a short-lived arrangement Joseph set up just before he died, he’d never been close to getting married, let alone having children.
“No.” Dean pulled his beanie off, shoving it into his back pocket. “I’m fine.”
Drawing closer, Sam could almost hear the blood pumping through her veins.
the fabric.
“Dad.” His body stiffened, his eyes fixed, watching as John paced around the circle.
is impossible with God.”
Out of the corner of his eye, Dean noticed his half-drunk glass of water on the nightstand. Dean cocked an eyebrow as he reached over and grabbed the glass. The water had become a deep shade of red. His nose filled with the smell of fermented grapes and the all-too-familiar stench of alcohol as he swished the glass.
He remembered the eyes. He had always remembered them. He had forged them deep within the recesses of his mind, lest Naomi get her clutches on their memory and yank it away like she had so many memories before.
Sam was silent as he took a couple of steps closer to Dean. “But you know, there
“Thomas.” Jesus looked him and glared.
you.”
“What are you doing?” Castiel asked, following behind him.
“What’s wrong?”  Sam asked, running over to the door.
Castiel was standing behind one of the olive trees.
“Well, while you were busy doing whatever it was that was more important than answering your damn phone during Holy Week; your brother’s been laying a pool of his own blood and I’ve been up to my eyeballs in it,” Bobby snapped. “So next time you wanna come storming into my house like that,
“He’s a good man. A bit of a curmudgeon, but a good man. He comes here for High Holiday Services.”
“Come on Bobby,” Dean sighed. “I’ve spent the last month listening to nothing but church organ music.”
Thursday evening came and went, leaving no new wounds or bruises. Not even a sensation of pain. The wounds that Dean already bore didn’t reopen either. Friday morning was equally uneventful and so far, Friday afternoon was proving to be the same. No wounds. No pain. No visions.
Sam stopped. He looked at it and scoffed. “I’m not getting through that hole. I’m too big.”
“Dean!”
. Unpolished and rough, but melodic and gentle. Mournful. Dean mouthed the lyrics as he laid himself down across the front seat, tapping his foot to the drumbeat and mimicking the guitar chords with his hands. Soon the singing was intermingled with Dean’s own off-key and raspy voice. “Who knows? Not me. I never lost control. You're face to face with the man who sold the world.” Dean’s chest heaved sharply.
Dean pursed his lips. “Well, what about his soul? Was that destroyed too?”
“It’s okay.” Dean’s voice was calm and reassuring. “You’re gonna be alright.” He quickly untied her and lifted her up out of the chair. He looked back at Jacob and Susan who were both frozen in shock. Walking past them, he shot both of them awkward glances as he carried the woman up the stairs to the front door.
Dean lowered his hand back down, his fists clenched.
Sam glared at him.
Shaking hands, Dean asked, “So what can you tell us about the disappearance?”
Mary smirked as she waddled over to the bed. “No, because we’ll be naming him Dean, instead.” She slowly sat down on her side of the bed with a groan, her hand pressed against her stomach.
“By who?” Dean scrunched his brow. “God?”
Silence. No rustling of wings, no gravelly ‘Hello’. Nothing. After a moment, Sam tried again. He took a deep breath.
“That so?” The officer turned to her. “And who are you?”
:: The Roman occupation of Judea, which lasted between 6 CE and 135 CE, was a very tumultuous time. Uprisings and messiah claimants were commonplace and most met violent ends at the hands of the Romans. Some of the best known ones were Simon of Perea, Judas of Galilee and Simon bar Kokhba.
omnipotent.
He heard leaves crunching on the ground from the direction of the house. He turned his gaze, finding Castiel advancing towards him, dressed in a black suit and the familiar tan trenchcoat. The blue tie hung untied around his neck.
Dean spit his coffee out. “....
The woman nodded before she walked down the steps of the porch.
There was no answer.
Dean massaged the flesh of his wrist briefly with his other thumb before he climbed into the driver’s seat without a single word.
He had different priorities, a different future. Marriage and children were not to be a part of it. That was what he told himself during the long nights he spent alone out on the roof, away from the snores of his younger brothers when he had only night sky and the gentle hum of the angels to keep him company. It was during those the nights were he longed for nothing more than the warmth of a companion’s arms around him.
. I’ll give you all the nails you need, pal.”
“I’m telling you the truth. I’ve
“I don’t have to do a mikvah or have a beit din or any of that? Because if I’m gonna do this, I’m gonna
wine.”
“You know, of all the things I can do, all the people I’ve been able to save, I can’t save him.” Dean bit his lip, looking up at her. “Shit, Sister. I can bring a perfect stranger back to life, but I can’t even do my one job: protect him.”
“Dean!” Sam darted over to Dean. He grabbed the duffle as he lifted Dean to his feet, throwing Dean’s arm around his shoulder before they bolted out of the house and down the front steps.
“What?” Bishop Tamsen blinked. He shot Castiel a look. “Who are
“Fine. I didn’t say anything because I was
The baby—
“What do you mean? ”
“Thanks.”
“Sam called me, he said you ran off. He thought I could talk some sense into you, so he sent me here.” She held her hand out to him. “Come on, Dean. Let’s go.”
Dean watched as a little girl in a frilly dress pulled at her collar, scratching absently at the back of her neck. Her big brown eyes caught his gaze and she smiled, gap-toothed, as children often do: automatically, guileless and trusting even of strangers.
Dean tried his best to tune it out.
Then Dean remembered.
Rubbing his eyes, Bobby grabbed a bucket and a sponge brought into the base of the bathtub. and turned the faucet on. Once the bucket was full he shut the water off and walked over to Dean’s body. Kneeling on the floor, he began to wash Dean’s forehead, still warm with body heat and flushed with color, wiping away the blood.
Dean took a deep breath and trudged over to the sink where he washed his face and neck, wiping away the rest of the sweat with a ratty bleach stained washcloth.  He stared at his face— pale and gaunt—and the purple bruises that dotted his forehead. Unbroken, they didn’t even so much as ache.
Dean watched her leave. When she was far enough away he cleared his throat. “That’s a lotta food, dude.”
Dean let out a soft groan. Pressure began to build at the base of his spine. Heat and blood rushed to his groin, radiating through his hips and stomach.
Sam shook his head. “No,” he said. “Just a reading.” Even though he was sure he could trust what Pamela had told him about the woman, he had to get a feel for her first.
The first thing Dean noticed, apart from the ache that replaced all the pain his body had been subjected to, was the twitching of his thumbs. Subtle and disjointed.
Uriel stopped. He paused for a long moment before he turned back around. “Because if Dean dies, then there is
…’ The mass was almost half over.
“I know, son,” Bobby replied, grabbing Dean’s wobbling shoulders to steady him. He quickly grabbed one of gauze bandages and unraveled it, wrapping it around Dean’s head as delicately as he could manage. When Bobby finished, he picked up a bottle of consecrated wine, putting it against to Dean’s lips.
He lifted his eyes, setting them on an abandoned barn a few hundred yards away. Taking a deep breath, he made his way through the field and over to the barn, walking inside of it.
So when Dean decided to turn a pit stop for gas off of Interstate 35—halfway through a ten hour drive from Bobby’s House to Oklahoma City—into a full-on break, Sam was expecting it. They had gotten a late start so both of them were tired and with it being his birthday, Dean wanted to spend as much of the evening as possible relaxing and enjoying himself. It was when Dean made mention of going to an Evangelical church in the morning that Sam couldn’t stay quiet any longer.
“You're a brave kid. You know that?” Dean said. “And your dad would want to be brave, right?”
Bobby glanced at his watch. 3:22.
“You gotta answer me here guys.” Dean chuckled nervously.
“And?”  Sam asked leadingly.
Jesus took a deep breath, smiling wearily. “Well, the dowry is almost done. I just need to finish the table.” He grabbed the jug of wine sitting on the table and headed to the door.
Then, with a muffled cry that Dean tried to pass off as a cough, there was piercing agony in his wrists and ankles. It was pointed, throbbing, and caused tears to spring up in his eyes. As discreetly as he could manage, Dean stood up from the table and limped out into the street, looking desperately both ways, hoping to see a church. With any luck, he would be able to hide out there until the next evening, after he stopped bleeding.
“Relax, Sam. It’s a joke.”
Rufus scoffed, cocking an eyebrow. “And what does your goyim ass want with Hanukkah?”
“No.” The rabbi shook her head. “We don’t do that here.”
Then Dean saw it.
Dean closed his eyes. Grounding himself.
The day had started off well for Dean. He woke up early and had spent the morning in Bobby’s salvage yard taking apart cars. The hubcaps and tires on a 1993 Toyota Celica, the transmission on a 2007 Honda Accord, the brake pads on a 2004 Chevrolet Silverado.
Castiel put the Bible he was skimming through down on the bed next to him. “While in a state of mystical ecstasy, you’re extremely vulnerable.” He rose from the end of the bed, his gaze focusing hard on Dean. “It’s my duty to protect and guard you while you’re communing with The Spirit.”
Reluctantly, Castiel nodded. Before he turned to walk away, he placed his hand firmly on Jesus' left shoulder. “I
Alastair kept punching him. The more Alastair touched him, the more Dean felt the pain. Not from Alastair’s blows, but from the stigmata. From
(See the end of the chapter for
.” Dean’s words were laced with dread. “If that’s
“Maybe not,” the demons chuckled. “But that doesn’t change the fact that each and every one of us want nothing more than to rip those lovely green eyes right out of your skull.”
“Here.” Dean put the ax down, resting it against the trunk, and walked over to Castiel, grabbing the tie. He threw it over his shoulders, tying it before he pulled it off of himself, throwing it over Castiel’s neck. “There ya go.” He cleared his throat.
Rufus was standing there.
“Me too,” Sam growled as he kissed his way down Ruby’s torso, licking over her breasts and stomach, her gasps and moans filling the room.
“I’ve learned more than enough.” Castiel looked up at the crucifix hanging up behind the altar. He glared. “Not every prophet was slain by
“He’s gone, son.”  Slowly, he pried Dean’s shoulders from Sam’s blistered hands and laid his body back down on the sleeping bag.  “Come on.”  Bobby picked Sam up and walked him out of the bathroom.
“Right.” Dean pursed his lips. He cleared this throat. “So...I gave Peter-the first pope- the keys to Heaven, right? Rocks. Foundations. Gates of Hell.  All that stuff. He acts as my ambassador on Earth, right? Well...I’m on Earth so... I’m your boss now.” Dean took a deep breath. “And as your boss I’m asking-
Then came a voice. But it was not one Dean had heard before. It was feminine and it wept, shaken and scared.
Without a word, he began to walk away from Anna.
Dean walked into Bobby’s house, walking into his study.  Now filled with old cardboard boxes. Bobby was sitting in his desk chair, digging through one of them.
“Nothin,’ I just
“Well, I’m here now, aren’t I?”
Sam shot him a look of frustration, wrapping Dean’s arm over his shoulders as they started the slow and limping walk over to Dean’s bed. He lowered his brother down, but not carefully enough, causing Dean to hiss as he repositioned himself to his side.
of this?”
“Of course.” Sam nodded again. He shoved the notebook and pen back into his pocket as he rose from the couch. “Well, thank you, Father. That’s all I needed to know. I appreciate you taking time to see me.” He shook the Father’s hand and the Priest walked him to the door.
“I was.”
Christmas. His last chance to drink rum-spiked eggnog and watch Sam open half-assed gifts bought at a gas station with a smile on his face. Dean wanted to make it count and he wanted to give Sam something fond to look back on the following years when he was gone, when Sam was
but a disappointment to me. You always have been and you always will be. The only thing you’re good for is cannon fodder.” John glanced up to the ceiling. “I can only imagine what He thinks of you now.”
"Maybe." Dean didn't say anything else.
“Typically a year. But if you're dedicated enough and show enough growth, you might be able to get it done in half that time.”
“Yes. Unfortunately.”
Dean glanced down at the floor where drops of blood had fallen from his wrists. They had coalesced into a small, bright red pool on the parquet floor. He bent down and swiftly wiped it away with his sleeve.
“Of course I do.” Jesus' retorted, shaken.
Half of the seals had been broken already. Castiel knew what would happen if Dean wasn’t purified by the time the last seal was broken. He knew just as well what could happen if Dean became a spotless Lamb before the final seal was broken. What his sanctified body and soul had the power to do when it was pure and whole again. He knew what his siblings would force Dean to do if he didn’t start following their orders.
Sam and Dean were in a quiet New England town, one with more maple trees than it had people, dealing with the vengeful ghost of a young woman wrongfully hanged for witchcraft. She had already killed six descendants of her murderers following her posthumous pardon by the town, and it didn't appear that she was going to slow down any time soon.
Dean had remained in bed for almost eighteen hours; the longest he had ever done so. Every few hours, Bobby would bring him tomato soup and crackers or a glass of water, checked Dean’s vitals and changed his bandages. Sam visited in the early afternoon bearing clean clothes and cherry Jell-O.
“From before. From my previous life.” Dean took a deep breath. “My name was Yehoshua bar Yosef. I was just a guy. I was some poor schmuck that got messed up in all this angel bullshit. I was a pious, observant man and for my faith the angels let the Romans crucify my ass.” Dean paused. “I never wanted to start a new religion. I was a Pharasic rabbi for fuck’sake. You can thank Paul of Tarsus, Constantine and whatever dick angel decided to inspire them for that. For all of...this bullshit.” Dean gestured to the Christmas decorations on the houses around Rufus’. “I wanna go home, Rufus. I
Sam rubbed at his forehead.
The mother and daughter just looked on in shock.
Bobby paused, he took a deep breath.  “I know you can’t. I can’t either.” He blinked tears away from his eyes.  “So maybe don’t bury him this time. We build a pyre, give Dean a proper send off. Like we shoulda done before. Like he woulda wanted.”
gonna now.” Dean clenched his fists. “I don’t give a shit what you do to me. You wanna nail me back up? Go
It was the suffering of memory. Of experience. Of one man’s untimely demise. It was suffering that was completely human. Vivid, horrific, tragic—but also sacred—mysterious, mystical, ecstatic.
“They were. I selected them myself.” Castiel’s voice was blunt. “Alastair must have killed them.”
“That’s enough, Uriel,” Castiel snapped. He put his hand in front of Uriel as walked over to Sam. “What you’re asking of us isn’t possible, Sam. We can’t do that.”
Dean paused, narrowing his eyes. “—
Dean. I can tell just by
On the back of Sam’s hands were wounds.
Jean cocked an eyebrow. “That guy you looking for a friend of yours or something?”
He bit his tongue, remembering Michael’s veiled threats of wrath when he had raised his voice to him all those years ago. Angels were vicious creatures that leveled cities and slaughtered armies. As Messengers of The Lord, they commanded both fear and respect.
Dean nodded, clearing his throat. “Sounds like a plan.” Dean followed Bobby into the living room, setting the bottle and the glasses on the coffee table. While Bobby got the
“Why?”
Dean shifted his eyes. “Ya know...I’d rather that you
Both sank into their respective seats. Jimmy immediately grabbed the menu, flipping through it.
to do with this and you know it, Cas.” Anna glared. “And even if it did, what about your own sympathies? The Flood. Sodom and Gomorrah. Isaac. The First Born of Egypt. The Canaanites. David and Bathsheba’s infant. How many times have you questioned—
“I didn’t either.” Rufus paused for a second. “Do me a favor and turn the TV on.”
The man spoke.
“My name is Jimmy. Jimmy Novak.”
Sam turned back to Dean, staring at him for a moment. “You know, as the Messiah it’s your
:: Golgotha, also known as Calvary, is the place where Jesus was crucified.
But Dean wasn’t looking forward to Christmas this year. In fact, he was almost dreading it.
. I’m the guy that’s supposed to
Slowly, Sam picked the cards up and began to shuffle them; slipping the cards and going overhand with the deck a few times before he cut them into three piles, putting them back together on the table and sliding it back to Estelle.
Dean glanced anxiously around at the throngs of parishioners seated in the plush pews as they entered the chapel. The sanctuary was large, but despite that, it was nearly full. Much to Dean’s dismay, the only seats the brothers could manage to find were on the aisle, a row from the front. He hoped he’d get through the service unnoticed.
- and Cas-
Then there was rustling of leaves and dirt.
“Yup.” Dean nodded. “Sure is.”
Even though Dean could piece together through the memories he
Dean opened his eyes again, cocking an eyebrow at Sam. “This is an
A bloodcurdling scream came out of Ruby’s mouth as the stench of burning flesh permeated the air.
“Like I told you before, you daft heap of bird sinew, we didn’t come here to rip the family of The Nazarene to shreds,” the demon spat. He glanced up at the Enochian devil’s trap painted on the ceiling. “Though I’m certainly changing my mind on that.”
Uriel lifted himself out of the pile of broken wood and barreled towards Castiel. He grabbed him and tossed him onto the stage, taking the pulpit and some chairs with him as he slid across the floor.
did this?”
“Before you leave, will you pray with me?”
Mary’s eyes narrowed. “Is that so?” As quickly and as fluidly as she could manage, she slammed the blade of the knife into the man’s chest.
grateful for that.
?!” Dean blinked. “And you didn’t bury me or burn me?”
“Nope.” Dean shrugged, not looking up from his packing.
“You keep screaming like that, Bernadette, and I’ll rip your throat out.”  The demon wearing Bishop Tamsen rasped, muffling her with his hand. He turned to the demon wearing Father DeMatteo. “Gut the empty vessel, the bitch, and Clampus over there.” He looked squarely at Dean. “Him though? We’re gonna have fun with him.”
Castiel didn’t reply. He just grabbed Jesus' hand pulled him up off the ground.
Dean opened his eyes again to find her holding that vicious crown and the nails in her hands. She placed them on the nightstand before she sat herself down on the bed next to him, slowly lowering his head into her lap as she tenderly stroked his blemished forehead.
The hunt ended with a salt and burn. The biggest hurdle for the brothers had been finding the unmarked grave in the Puritan cemetery on the outskirts of town. It had been a pretty typical hunt for the brothers,
in the process. ” Ruby grabbed Sam’s hand. “Come on Sam, I haven’t steered you wrong before, have I?”
Dean; it’s a matter of
“How’s Dean doing?”
“Well,” Bobby sighed. “You’re welcome to the upstairs bedroom.”
Slowly, Dean stood and limped over to his bag. He pulled a long sleeved thermal from it. He also grabbed a hoodie from Sam’s bag and carefully got dressed, trying his hardest to not only remain standing but to avoid rubbing against his stitches. He had slept in his jeans and he wasn’t going to even attempt to take a shower, not with fresh stitches in his back.
“So does this mean-”
Dean quickly wiped the tears away, nodding his head. “Yeah, he did.” He took a deep breath as he faced Sam. “You’re not gonna believe it though… maybe
be. It’s an aged Cabernet Sauvignon from Israel.”
Alastair leaned his face in, pressing his lips just against Dean’s ear. “And it is written, ‘The First Seal shall break when The Righteous Man sheds blood in Hell. As The Lamb breaks, so shall it break.’” he hissed, his voice menacing but certain.
Jimmy frowned. “I had a feeling you’d say that.”
As Dean approached, the demons began to laugh. “Well, if it isn’t the
She looked up at him, “Shalom, Jesus,” she greeted.
“No!”
Sam grinned at her as he walked slowly into the chapel, stopping a few yards in front of Lilith.
Amelia moved over to her and hugged her. “It’s okay honey.” She picked Claire up off the floor.
feeling,knowing I had this
“Now, you’re sure you don’t want me to go in alone?” Bobby asked, straightening his tie. “It’s been a while since you’ve done this.”
“Right.” Dean grinned; he watched the demons’ hands, still gripped tightly around the arms of the chair. His voice boomed across the basement. “
“I don’t know.” Dean paused, pulling his keys out of his pocket and handing them out to Bobby. “Maybe you should drive back to the motel.”
But Elias kept droning on about the storefront he wanted Jesus to build for him. There was talk of payment, but never once did Elias mention his daughter. He didn’t even so much as look at her.
Startled, The Righteous Man looked up at him.
He stopped, clutching his temples before he shook his head and moved on. He had to focus on his mission.
Despite Sam and Bobby’s best efforts, Dean barely managed to choke
“I’m the angel charged with keeping watch over you,” he said simply over the crackling of the wood as he moved one of the charred branches with his fingers. “You prayed for help, so I came to your aid.”
The last time had been when Dean healed Aleah, the young girl with Leukemia. He and Uriel had appeared to Dean just as he was leaving the hospital. They told him that the child’s death was preordained and that such actions would draw the wrong sort of attention to him. Dean responded by curing a young woman with AIDs and a Vietnam veteran with stage four esophageal cancer.
Sam lifted her effortlessly from the table and carried her over to the bed where he tossed her onto the mattress. He watched her slide out of her panties while he took off his jeans. When he was free of them, Sam climbed on to the bed, kneeling flush against Ruby’s body. He lifted her left leg, his fingers skimming down the smooth skin of her calf until he found the leather holster that housed her knife.
. Tell me, at this point, where does Jesus end and Dean begin?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“You’re right. I
“It’s a Saint thing,” Bobby explained. “Sam wasn’t too happy about it. That and the fact that you
Castiel stood from his perch on the steps and walked inside the church, the fading scent of roses mixing with the smell of burning incense and candles as he wandered down the main aisle, gazing at the stained glass and frescos. Though Dean’s prayers weren’t directed at him, he was drawn to the church by them. He wondered how many—if any—of the parishioners knew whose prayers had joined theirs, if they knew of the sacred mystery that had been sitting amongst them.
, with ugliness and tears and shrill screams and a reluctance to give up his soul. He watched Dean die as a
Zachariah raised his hand, gesturing to Dean as he swaggered closer. “Hosanna in the highest- Here he is.” He grinned, smarmy and fawning.”The Root of David.”
Jesus shook his head. “I don’t need to know your names to exorcise you.”
Dean was the savior of humanity and he treated it like a burden, like a bitter cup he didn’t want to drink from.
The angels had been sent down to watch over the child and to protect him if necessary. Even though King Herod was dying, he was still ruthless and paranoid and would slaughter the child if word of his birth got out.
“You didn’t get to Sam, did you?” Bobby asked, his face falling.
Jimmy collapsed on the floor holding his stomach.
Sam stood up quickly and began walking away.
“What’s with the fishing poles?” Dean asked, pouring himself a cup of coffee. “You getting ready to whack Fredo or something?”
“I mean the boy’s skin should be black and blue and his stomach should look like a damn water balloon and he’s not even
."  Dean was blunt. “See, best I can figure is that it’s not only a soul thing but also a
Dean was sitting at the kitchen table, the remnants of what Rufus called
She wrapped her arm around Dean’s waist and they began to walk down the aisle. Even though she was about a foot shorter than Dean, she was able to carry the brunt of his body weight, having little trouble walking him the short distance to the convent behind the church. She took Dean directly into the infirmary, where she sat him down on one of the three white-sheeted beds.
“Good.” Dean gently patted her head before turning to leave. He only got a couple steps before she called his name.
Dean let out a weary scoff.
Jesus took a deep breath as he faced his brother. “From the moment we laid Sarah in the tomb, he didn’t speak a single word to me. Not one. Until the night Shiva ended. I found him out here. He was slumped over his work table with an empty pitcher of wine in his hand. He looked at me and he said I didn’t belong to him. He thought I was a bastard. That Ima had betrayed him while she was in Judea with her cousin Elizabeth.”
to go so he could better understand what being Christ meant, so he could connect with the spiritual entity he had become, but the idea of church never sat well with him. Dean wasn’t a man of faith to begin with and institutionalized religion always left a bad taste in his mouth.
Sister Joan lifted Dean up from the hospital bed and out of the infirmary, taking him to one of the convent’s dormitories. The room was small, containing little more than a bed and desk. The only décor the room had was a silver crucifix hanging on the wall next to the window and a woven area rug near the entrance with a Key of Solomon devil’s trap painted on the floor under it. As soon as Sister Joan left, Dean lay down on the bed and fell sound asleep. He didn’t wake again until the following afternoon.
, pooling with crimson. The same wounds marked the tops of his feet.
Dean stared at her for a second. “Right.” He nodded, clearing his throat. “Of course.”
Sam nodded. “Thanks.”  He took his flask out of his jacket and took a long drink. He put it away and shut his eyes.
“Son of a bitch.” Dean gritted.
He dug into his pocket, grabbing his phone, answering it. “Hello?”
Jesus shook his head. “No.”
They only made it a few yards before Dean pulled his arm free from Sam’s grip. “No Sam,” he rasped, “I’ve gotta do this.”
Dean stood up from the chair, grabbing the books and shoving them under his arm. “Aryeh? It means ‘Lion’. I think.”
“Lisa?” Dean rasped, standing up. “What the hell are you doin’ here?”
Just before reaching the Impala, Sam stopped, looking at her. “We’re putting this Lilith stuff on hold. I gotta go right now.”
“A windstorm. Other than that, no.” John shook his head as he put his work shirt on. “Why?”
Castiel didn’t say anything.
“—We don’t have much time,” Castiel said quickly, walking over to the cross. “The other angels will be looking for me and Sam is on his way to break the final seal. You have to stop him.” He pulled the crown gently off of Dean’s head.
After a few moments, Dean could hear Zachariah calling out to him, moving haphazardly through the brush, looking for him to no avail.
From that point on, Jesus had been head of the household.  As the eldest, he had been expected to care for his younger siblings. He also had the responsibility of providing for them and arranging their marriages when they came of age. He felt more like a father than a brother to Dinah and Joses, the two youngest.
The final two cards were The Hanged Man and The Sun.
“How?” Sam’s question was weighted with fear as much as confusion. As far as he was aware, their mother hadn’t been a virgin when she gave birth to Dean so virgin birth was impossible. Maybe Dean was made a Nazarite in the womb like Samson or John the Baptist, maybe he was the last heir to the Line of David or the Desposyni. Maybe Dean was just like
“Son of a Bitch!” He grit his teeth as he entered Bobby’s study, darting to the overfilled, leaning, bookshelf, rummaging through antique books and illuminated manuscripts. Most were in Latin, a few in Hebrew and Aramaic.
As a teenager, however, there were nights when Dean would come back into the motel room smelling of cheap booze or cigarettes and without saying a word would grab the bible and a pen and write on the inside covers. Most times Sam never even saw Dean write in it. His only clue was the lyrics to The Battle Of Evermore or Kashmir written in Dean's handwriting when he went to read it the next day.
Rufus shook his head. “The weather this year. You’d almost think the world was ending.” He sighed. “Well, looks you’re not leaving here anytime soon.”
The small swirls of black smoke that he had felt swirling through Sam’s veins had remained unchanged. The smoke had
Dean took a quick pull from the flask, the taste of wine and blood washing over his tongue as the ache began to fade away. His eyes turned back to the church briefly before they set on the nativity scene he had been looking at before. He focused on the star made out of white Christmas lights set above it, shining brightly in the night and haze of snow. “Maybe it shouldn’t be shocking,” Dean said simply, closing the flask and shoving into his jacket. “Maybe I should start goin’ to church.”
James was silent. After a few moments, he cleared his throat. “Well, once we get away from home, once we leave Nazareth, things will be different.”
Finally he made it to his family’s house. He quickly ran up to entrance way of the courtyard. He was about to run in when he caught sight of his mother sitting out on the front step of the house with a basket of goat wool she was winding into yarn resting beside her. Wrapped around her shoulders was a shawl. The section over her left breast ripped.  She was in mourning.
Dean was sitting on the motel room couch; silently polishing his pistol. He’d cleaned it six times that week already, twice today alone, but he didn’t care. It was a distraction, one that he desperately needed.
Simon was the most suitable vessel he could find, and luckily, he was pious man and who gave his consent almost instantly.
Estelle locked her eyes on Sam. She was hushed. “No. I don’t.” She shook her head, “I wouldn’t recommend you tryin’ to find any either. You messing with stuff
“—Your brother is
The video turned to a house, completely demolished some one hundred feet away. There was a shadow of a person climbing out of the rubble, holding something in their arms.
Castiel was silent as he rung out the cloth and started to wash Dean’s head. “Soldiers mend each other’s wounds during battle. This is no different.” A sigh left his mouth as he moved on to Dean’s feet.
“I won’t
in Perdition torturing souls. That left a mark on Dean’s soul. A mark that requires a tremendous amount of grace and penance to remove. To make him pure again.”
Dean locked his gaze on Sam. “So,” Dean croaked. “What were you hunting in Akron?"
Then there was silence, like the calm before a lightning strike. All Dean could hear was his own breathing and the rustle of wings.
Then he saw Jesus.
“That’s easy for
“We pulled Judas out of Gehenna, Castiel.” Zachariah’s voice was blunt.
“Well, that’s brave of you. Keep up the good work.”
They entered the cell and grabbed Dean by the shoulders, dragging him face front out of the holding area and outside to the front of the police station, dropping him onto the steps.
gotta tell you though that I don’t believe in God.”
“Well, Cas and Chuckles are outside...” Dean’s head wobbled as Sam sat him up, changing the wrappings around his torso and head. “I’ll just give ‘em a yell if I need anything.” He tried to put his hand around the glass of water Sam put to his mouth, but his fingers were immobile. He let out a frustrated breath as Sam lowered him back down, turning onto his side with a sharp hiss as he closed his eyes.
Sam didn’t respond. He handed Dean the glass of water and again Dean refused it. Sam paused for a long moment as he watched Dean carefully. “Maybe it was in your mind.”
He sat squeezed into the motel room’s arm chair, a cold cup of coffee resting in his hands as he tried to keep his eyes open. Sam listened to the sound of his brother’s strained breaths as he went in and out of what Sam could only hope was sleep, praying that the sounds continued, just as he had done all night and morning.
Jesus shifted his eyes between the two of them. He then glanced down at the dagger at Judas’ belt. Its blade was made of silver, etched in old Hebrew. Even though it was clearly old, it was razor sharp.
be going at the very least to observe “his” flock. Part of him even
Castiel frowned. He got up and walked towards the entrance of the cave. When he reached it, he stopped. “You stay here and rest. I’ll be back in the morning with more food and water.”
Castiel could hear the sound of pained breaths coming from the other side of the motel room as his feet touched down onto the worn carpet. He moved quietly, purposefully, across the darkened room, his eyes locked on the soul sleeping fitfully in one of the room’s beds. It was a soul he knew well. He had handled it
you have responsibilities, Jesus. Instead, you decided to run off, leaving us alone and vulnerable to Romans and brigands on the open road to follow our eccentric cousin around the desert.” Simon glared. “Then you refused to come home and provide for our mother, brother, and unwed sister as you’re
“What about the man?” Sam swallowed hard. “What happened to him?”
being able to be saved.
The title is from
Bishop Tamsen nodded. “The Messianic secret.”
“Have you brought world peace or rebuilt the Temple?” Rufus said, rolling his eyes.
Sam glanced at him. “Bobby,” Sam’s voice was shaking. “ Is—Is he—”
Dean paused. “Why?” He scrutinized Castiel. “You told me once that you weren’t a hammer, so why are you telling me this now?”
Except Dean
“Good.” Dean smiled sadly he stood up from the pew, half stumbling out of it.
Dean had been walking into a grocery store early Thursday morning when the ache began, a sharp ache that radiated through the whole of his body. It stole what little appetite he had, weighing him down with heavy sadness. He knew the ache was merely a harbinger of things to come.
“I noticed. And that ain’t just ‘dumb’, Sam. It’s
“C—Cas.” Dean croaked.
“I do.”
Dean sat at the table, listening as Sam and Bobby’s chatter became snores accompanied by the sounds coming from the TV. His eyes shifted over to the Bible and prayer card Bobby had pulled out the night before, resting on a corner of the table along with the first aid kit. Dean reached over and grabbed it, sliding the plate away as he placed The Bible in front of him. He thumbed through the pages for a while, his eyes briefly scanning them, before he closed it again.
Dean remained quiet. He lowered his eyes to the floor, pinching his lips, his eyes closed shut for just a moment before he looked up again, locking his gaze squarely on Sam. Dean limped over to him, his fists clenched.
Dean sighed. “Bobby, seriously I’m not—”
Jesus walked over to where an older man wearing a nice tunic was speaking to Dinah’s father in law. He threw back the cup of wine he’d just gotten in one gulp, letting the warmth of the alcohol fill his belly.
or even what this is gonna
After a few seconds, Bobby called again.
By the time they had settled in for the night, Jesus' patience was wearing thin. It had been ever since they’d arrived in Jerusalem for the festival.
“Exactly.” Dean cleared his throat. “When my time comes I’ll let myself be known.”
god.”
Castiel read his mind then, and briefly saw a face. One he didn’t know. A strange face with features he had never seen, but with those same green eyes. The face had a strange name in a language that didn't exist yet, but it was a name Castiel had always known, one that was seared within Castiel’s foundation as much as Jesus'. The Soul would dwell within that man, just as it done in many others, but that man would be as Jesus was. He too would be The Son.
“Bingo.” Gabriel nodded. “And this is
“Sam!” he yelled, his voice cracking as he ran through the doors. After taking a couple steps across the threshold of the chapel, Dean froze.
Salvation.” The demon chuckled.  “They’re going cast all of you down from your clouds and smite you, your Father and his bastard Son.”
The sound of footsteps on the tile floor echoed down the hall. A moment later, Ruby walked into the room, leaning casually against the door frame. She was followed by two other demons wearing police officers.
“I was...”Dean licked his lips, thinking fast. “I was in Missouri chasing a meth head through a warehouse. When I grabbed him, the son of bitch threw me head first through a window.”
Sam had spent the whole week desperately searching for a different one, but no matter where he looked, the answer remained the same.
“Best news I’ve heard all day.” Bobby patted Dean on the shoulder as he made his way into the kitchen. Soon the house was flooded with the smell of pan-fried onions, ground beef, and cheese. The next thing Dean knew, a cold bottle of beer was shoved in his hand and a juicy, grease slathered cheeseburger was placed in front of him. He took a bite out of it with barely a second’s hesitation, a groan of contentment coming from his mouth. “You want anything else?” Bobby asked, a slight smile spreading across his face.
:: Adoptionism, an early Christian doctrine held by Jewish-Christian sects such as The Ebonites, is the belief that Jesus was not born as the Son of God, but rather, was adopted by God either at the time of his baptism, resurrection or ascension. Shades of the belief can be found in the Gospel of Mark and in Paul's Letter to The Galatians, some of the earliest composed Christian writings. The belief was rejected and deemed heretical by The First Council of Nicaea in favor of the doctrine of Trinitarianism.
When Sam started hunting with Dean, he would see Dean highlighting the more questionable chapters and verses. After he told Dean that he believed in angels, Dean would make a point of reading those passages out to him with a scoff and a shake of his head before shoving the bible back into the drawer.
Without saying a word, Dean walked over to them, looking at each of the tables as he passed by. One table had a bucket taking donations for a church renovation that was so full the people giving to it had to shove the bills and checks through the slit on the top. Another table had a huge plastic bin—half full with cans of tuna fish, vegetables, and boxes of pasta—sitting on the floor next to it. Its yellowing sign said it was going to a quarterly food drive for the Johnson County Homeless Shelter.
“I knew that.”
“You boys shoulda come here sooner.
The ground began to rumble and shake. A column of bright white light shot up passed the tree line and into the night sky, reaching into the clouds followed by the high pitched buzzing. With a high pitched whine, the white light exploded, casting the night away for the briefest of seconds as the trees curved and buckled against it.
psychosomatic. It was something different. Something Dean couldn’t find an answer for.
“So, my brother told us that you’re demon hunters. Do you hunt anything else?” James asked looking at both of them.
Jesus swallowed, taking in a sharp breath. “That’s
“I’m shaking because I’m scared, Dean,” Sam snapped as he dried his hands off. “You’re going to die in a few hours.”
you, Dean,” Sam hissed. “Whatever angel spoke to him apparently told him you’re gonna Rapture this whole congregation.”
Bobby groaned as he rose from his chair. “Yeah, well, before we can even think about doin’ that,
Then it was gone. There was no silence. No flapping wings. No visions. No twinges of pain, no bleeding. Nothing. There was only the sadness that lingered around him like the last rays of sunlight streaming onto the kitchen table.
Ruby contemplated for a moment, staring at him. “Not much longer. You already turned Alastair into a pile of broken bones.” Ruby shook her head. “But you’re really outta practice. Before you can even think about going after Lilith we’ve gotta train you up. I’m talking boot camp, Sam.”
of having the stigmata, probably because he doesn’t think that he’s worthy of them, but he’s
After he finished packing his clothes, Dean pulled his leather jacket off and put on a hooded sweatshirt and his warmest winter coat. He placed his wallet and the flask into the coat before he folded up his leather one, placing it carefully in the back of the trunk. The last things Dean packed were his handgun, a silver knife, a container of salt, a bottle of holy water, and John’s journal.
“Yeah. I spend most of my time living in motels.”
As soon as the communion prayers ended, the bleeding stopped, but the ache continued. Dean remained seated through the rest of the mass and he stayed seated even after the church had cleared out, waiting for the ache to stop, his mind focused on a mantra of Latin.
“Why? Why does he
before that and duty calls."
He looked down at his hands. The wounds on his wrists had turned into scars.
When Dean had woken up Friday afternoon, shortly after three, he heard a knock on his door. Sister Joan walked into his room bearing clean bandages and clothes and helped him into the bathroom where he took a shower. After Dean was washed and dressed, she helped rewrap his wounds and change his bed sheets before she walked him down into the dining room for a bowl of tomato soup and crackers that he barely managed to take even two bites from. Sister Joan then walked Dean over to the church where the priest, one of her cousins, said a quick mass for Dean and gave him communion.
Sam flipped through the Bible, checking it for a hex bag.
Dean was pouring himself another drink when Sam walked through the door. His face sank as he watched Sam put the pizza box on the coffee table and sit down on the other side of the couch.
“Bullshit. Don’t lie to me,” John snapped. “You’re having such a hard time with this because you’re scared. Because you’re a coward.”
Every magician, priestess, and hunter in the city had tried and failed to remove the demons. Anyone with the power to remove them, they feared, was likely a demon themselves. Even after Jesus had them sprinkle him with salt and touch him with iron, they refused him and the Apostles access into the city.
Jesus hid, ignoring the fire within him by focusing instead on the heat of the desert surrounding him.
It was then that Jesus noticed the smell of rotten eggs. He quickly made his way out from the group, walking in front of them. “You’re not going to need that.” He said gesturing to the knife Peter had pulled out. “All of you, wait here,” he ordered before walked into the cemetery.
Apart from Michael, this angel was the only one Jesus had ever met. Since the time of the prophets, few had. The last time they had been seen at all was during Maccabean Revolt some two hundred years ago.
“Not in the same fashion. We were
“Shit.” The demon wearing Father DeMatteo swung the knife at Claire-Castiel.
Dean chuckled, “First, God commands you to pull my ass outta Hell because ‘he has work for me.’ Then, I’m supposed to prevent the fucking Apocalypse.
“I was.” Dean nodded, smiling sadly. “I heard you singing. You’ve got a real pretty voice, Aleah.”
you.” Sam paused, his eyes shifting back and forth as he took a deep breath. “Despite that, Heaven
Sam pulled into the parking lot of the motel.  As soon as he turned the corner, he saw the yellow mustang parked a few spaces down from his motel room. Ruby was standing outside his motel room door. Waiting.
Sam didn’t say anything. After a long moment, he stood up from the bed, gesturing to the door. “You wanna tell Bobby or should I?”
Without another word, Castiel walked Dean back into the house.
Jean nodded. She dropped the check down onto the counter and turned away. She only got a few steps before Sam called out to her.
Sam grabbed her, kissing her roughly against the door. “Where the fuck have you been?”  He hissed through gritted teeth.
He was asleep within minutes.
of that.” Zachariah smirked. “Even if you’re dead we can still use you to fill the pews and fratricide is one of the company’s tried and true narratives. Upper Management won’t even have to alter much, unlike the last time you rebelled.”
Saved you and Chose you so they must see something in you that you don’t.”
idea. You would be the perfect warning to any angel or hunter that would try to oppose him. A deterrent.”
my head.”
“You’re looking much better,”  Castiel said.
“Well in that case, you can go fuck yourself
“Not too big, I hope.” Dean lingered in the hug for a second before pulling away. “If I let you, you’ll give me the whole damn thing and you’re the one who’s eating for two.” Dean grinned. “
“Why didn't you call me?” Bobby asked, his tone half concern, half anger. “We coulda locked his ass in the panic room and dried him out. In fact, we still can—”
Alastair looked down at him for a second. “Of course, we couldn’t just kill you. No. You’d go
When Jesus arrived, John greeted him with joy, asking right away if he wanted to be baptized, but Jesus declined. He had gone there for cleansing, for absolution, for forgiveness, but he didn’t think himself worthy of the absolution the waters promised. Not yet.
The title is from
“And?” Bobby asked, leading.
:: Witch trials were pretty common in Connecticut in the mid-late 17th century. Ten occurred in Hartford alone between 1662 and 1663, thirty years before the more famous Salem, Massachusetts trials. None, however, occurred in Bethlehem. That's purely artistic licence on my part.
Before he could give it further
” Dean cocked an eyebrow.
As Dean made his way back to Bobby’s house, he passed by a small white house with the sign Out front. ‘
Sam scoffed. “But he is. He’s more of a father to me than John ever was and once he rises I’ll inherit the Earth.” He grinned. “And I’ll have you—The Righteous Man—to thank for it.”
Dean shook his head. “Bobby gave me the Eucharist earlier,” he said quietly. “I’m good.”
“It’s nothing. I’m fine.” Sam finished changing the bandage, his fingers trembling. He stood up and darted over to the sink, furiously scrubbing his hands.
“Last I heard she was in Cold Spring, Minnesota,” the demon blurted out.
Castiel knew exactly what he had to do. He had practiced it so many times since the Righteous Man entered Hell, he could recite his task by rote. He executed the tests runs Naomi set out for him perfectly, over and over, until Naomi was certain he was ready for his mission.
Then he heard the sound of a table screeching across the concrete followed by the breaking of glass. He turned quickly to find Sam standing next to an upended table, broken mason jars and old paint cans were strewn around it and him, his puffy eyes fixed on the ceiling.
“You don’t think you're worthy of this,” Castiel’s words were matter-of-fact. “The same way you thought you didn’t deserve to be saved from Hell. But trust me Dean,
related to King David and I’m supposed to chuck Lucifer and Damien into Mount Doom and bring about a world of rainbows and lollipops. Got it,” he deadpanned with a nod. He quickly glanced over at Sam who was sitting at the table with Bobby before he started to move around the room, his gait slow and tired.
“When you put it like that you make it sound stupid,” Dean said, taking a reluctant a sip from his coffee.
Draped over his shoulders was a scarlet robe that was ripped and moth-eaten.  Just as he forced himself to his feet, he stumbled over a loose rock and fell back to the ground, the weight of the crossbeam slamming his face into the dirt with a thud and a whimper of pain he couldn't hold back.
Her fingers lingered briefly on the doorknob before she flung it open, the knife raised defensively as she rushed into the room.
“Thank you, brother,”  Castiel whispered.
“I’m being hunted, Dean. I don’t have much time,
Taking nothing but his prayer shawl, a bag containing a day’s ration of bread and a goatskin filled with enough water for two days, Jesus wandered out into the desert.
on yet? I can’t wait to see Flick get his tongue stuck to a flagpole.”
Recoiling and spitting out blood, Simon was on him in an instant, pushing until they both slammed against the wall of the synagogue. They exchanged blow after blow before James and Judah grabbed them, pulling them apart, revealing Simon’s face, a large bruise blossoming on his jaw and left eye swollen. Jesus had a split lip; his knuckles were bruised.
Dean gently squeezed her hand. “It’s okay to be scared. I get scared. A lot, actually. But I do my best to be brave.” His eyes locked on hers. “You’re a brave little girl.”
“You almost done?”
“Well Claire, if the Blessed Mother is telling you
The sacred conduit of the Godhead, sure, but a vessel nonetheless. I can force you to do whatever I want and trust me Dean, if you don’t stop acting like a petulant child,
Jesus scoffed. “You make it sound so simple.”
Sam’s eyes glowed yellow.
.” Castiel watched Uriel.
“Morning sleeping beauty,” Bobby said.
Jesus cocked an eyebrow. “We?” Immediately he stopped sanding the table. He stood up straight, his gaze hard. “When I leave, you are not coming with me.”
Amelia and Dean ran over to him.
“-You had me
would be.”
“Jesus,”  it said, desperate and full of worry.
and I haven’t figured out what this is. And you’ve got the exact same shitty-ass theory you had
The video started with an image of a teenage boy in a hoodie, the camera pointed at himself.
Jimmy grabbed a straw and stuck it into the milkshake, taking a long gulp.“Six months? Maybe longer. I’m not sure.”
Sam’s arm pulsed hot with the stinging burn of whiskey, his teeth gritting against the repeated poking of the needle as he pulled the thread through his skin. He’d been working on sewing up the gash in his arm for nearly fifteen minutes—what felt like an eternity—and he still wasn’t finished.
have the adverse effect of breeding pride,” Castiel mused. “Sometimes those with no Faith at all lead lives of far more virtue and righteousness than those with an abundance of it.”
He made his way back down the aisle, Castiel following behind him. They were just leaving the sanctuary and walking into the vestibule when Dean’s phone started buzzing.
“No. Not anymore. ” Sister Joan shook her head. “But it started out that way. A demon had been possessing one of the Sisters. Me and my older sister went undercover as Sisters here for a couple weeks and after the job was over I joined.”
Sam shook his head. “I’m not here for Mardi Gras.” He cleared his throat. “My name is Sam Winchester. Pamela Barnes sent me here."
James’s tone shifted to one of concern. “How is your hand?”
“—Demon blood?” Dean’s voice shook with anger and fear as he swung his legs around off the side of his bed, his eyes locked on Sam. “You’re drinking demon blood?
Sam turned his gaze over to Ruby, who was sitting with her feet propped up on the dashboard of the car. “No,” he grumbled, pushing her feet off the dash. “He’s long gone.” Sam’s hand lingered on her calf before he moved his fingers away from her, running it through his hair.
him. Okay? I don’t care.” Dean paused, walking over to Castiel. Carefully, he reached up, ghosting his fingertips over the stubble of his cheek. “It doesn’t matter to me that you're an angel or that you’re wearing a guy for that matter.”
Dean smiled back at her, self-consciously pulling his sleeves down further over his wrists. Much to his relief, the little girl ran up the aisle to sit with her mother.
out in this desert is pray. I’ve—”
“—Dean, listen to me!” Castiel snapped, his voice shaking. “You must go through with this, do you understand me?”
Once his grace had settled, Castiel stripped off his clothes and picked up a shard of broken pottery from the ground. He carved a few cloaking sigils into his vessel’s stomach, just above the loincloth, before quickly dressing again and leaving the alleyway.
“Well, you can’t rule it out, can you?” Bobby shifted his gaze over to Dean before turning it to Detective Connolly.
“And what the hell did you do to my baby?” Susan hissed.
“Will the two of you shut it?” Bobby snapped.
Pamela took a deep breath.
Behind him, a baby was crying and a woman was humming lowly, comforting it.
do it.
“Hello, Dean.” A smirk spread across the pastor’s face as his eyes flickered white. “Love the new look. Though I have to say I much prefer you bearing
The world was spinning on its axis. Painful throbbing reverberated at the base of his skull and Dean had just enough time to turn onto his side before he vomited violently. He retched and coughed, wincing at the dull ache the motion sent through his abdomen.
smell them. Hurt and betrayal coursed through Dean, burning the corners of his eyes and tightening his throat.
“They are a failed experiment,” Uriel hissed, frustration and anger tingeing his voice. “They are corrupted. They were corrupted the moment Cain picked up the jawbone of an ass and ran his brother through with it. They’re not worthy of our adoration. They’re not worthy to bear God’s power and call Him Father.”
Elias blinked. “Yes it is,” he said awkwardly. Almost as though he had forgotten she was there.
A sad smile spread across Dean’s face as he placed the card back down on the table. He rose from his chair quickly, his body wobbling. He took a single step away from the table before his head started spinning. Before he could collapse, Sam grabbed him. “I’m gonna put him to bed.”
“It’s not your fault Dean.”
Tossing the empty gas canister down on the ground with a groan, Bobby made his way back down into the basement.
have to lie to John about. These were scars of
that,” Sam snapped. “It’s just after everything that’s happened this last year and a half—hell, everything that’s happened this past
(See the end of the chapter for
It was then that Dean looked down at his hands. They were gripping onto the bar. His hands shouldn’t have been able to grip the bar. They should have been broken and disjointed, barely able to move, let alone grip a steel bar hard enough to rattle the cell door. He shouldn't have been able to walk to the bars in the first place, but as he took another step, there was no pain in his ankles.
Detective Connolly crossed his arms. “No, but he
For an hour, aside from the roar of the engine, there was silence in the Impala, only interrupted with the sounds of Sam swearing under his breath every time they hit pockets of traffic and Dean’s quiet sobs as he slipped in and out of consciousness. They had just flown past the Omaha exits when Dean’s voice finally broke the near silence. “
“And when I am ready?” Dean cocked an eyebrow.
Sam seemed distracted. Preoccupied. Secretive.
Bobby was on the other end. His voice was frustrated and nervous.
Mary glanced between the two of them, the ghost of a smile upon her lips. With that, she left.
A slight distance away, Zachariah joined the squad of men. They spoke briefly before marching further into the garden.
During the day he could hear the rustling of scorpions and the slithering of snakes. At night he heard the distant howling of wolves. Sometimes they were familiars, demons in the form of animals. Other times shadows of black smoke and sulfur followed him. Sometimes restless spirits joined him on this journey. Soon after he walked into the desert he had been plagued by visions, manifestations of his own doubts.
? You’ve been having them a lot lately.” John chuckled. “I’ll see you tonight. I gotta go into work. Tom called out.
:: Francis of Assisi was the first recorded stigmatic. He was claimed to have received the wounds in 1224, two years before his death. Pio of Pietrelcina, also know as Padre Pio, was a 20th century stigmatic. Both Pio and Francis were friars and claimed to have had a vision of a seraph before before receiving the wounds. Catherine of Siena was a 14th century nun who was claimed to have suffered from 'invisible stigmata', were she felt the pain of the wounds, but had no physical marks on her body. She was also claimed to have the ability to survive exclusively on holy communion.
“And you are throwing him back in. He —”
Without a second’s hesitation, Sam took the flask from her. “Thanks.”
Men threw their arms around his shoulders, their wine-soaked breath in his face, attempting to pair him with daughters and nieces while joking about his age. Mothers and aunts stared at him with concerned expressions while they pestered him for a reason why he wasn’t already married.
“Judas was freed from the bondage of Sheol by that angel. Resurrected,” Simon declared. “He’s a walking miracle.”
He went back to the kitchen table. He took a couple of tealight out of a pack and placed them on the table lighting them.
“Somethin’… whipped me…”
“I feel better.”
Dean pursed his lips. “What was I afraid of, Cas?” His voice shook.
Then Sam noticed the smell. That fragrant stench that had begun the night before had now engulfed the whole room. Roses.
“Get up or I’ll make you get up.” The officer placed his hands on a pair of handcuffs. “Or I can bring you down to the station and you can sleep in a cell. How does that sound?”
have to get circumcised if you’re not already-”
Dean did his best to keep himself distracted by looking at the stained glass windows or skimming through the hymnal and missal books. He avoided the Stations of the Cross paintings that lined the walls of the church. Occasionally, he listened in on the prayers of the people in the pews around him. They echoed through Dean’s mind as much as his ears. Some, who seemed to be doing their yearly unloading of sins, were asking forgiveness. Other still were praying for loved ones.
Simon whispered something to Judah and Joses and the two of them took the children inside. Once they were gone, he walked over to Jesus and James.
“Yes,” Castiel swallowed. “But it won’t be you.”
Jesus shrugged and sat down next to her. “I guess I haven’t found the right companion yet.
When he was done, James walked over to him. “Jesus, if you could do this, why did you did you buy from the merchant in the first place?”
Sam glared at them as he marched over to the Impala and climbed into the driver’s seat, slamming the door behind him. He quickly started the car and barreled out of the parking lot.
Green eyes stared back at Castiel. Green as an olive ripe on the vine.
“We ran out of wine,” Mary whispered.
had been.
The bathroom light flickered. Instinctively, Dean put the bottle on the floor. He grabbed the salt-round shotgun he always kept next to his bed and tiptoed to the bathroom, the gun pointed and ready to shoot. There was nothing; no cold spots, no sulfur or strange shadows. Just their toiletries, a pile of dirty towels, and the faint odor of Sam’s aftershave.
Rufus smirked, taking the box and as he opened the door further  “Just so we’re clear, you’re not getting any. Call it atonement for the Middle Ages.”
Christ, Cas, at this point, his mother feels more real to me than my own mom.” Tears flooded Dean’s eyes. He quickly wiped them away, running a hand over his mouth. “I have his fucking soul, Cas. His Soul. The most basic part of me doesn’t even belong to
“No.” Castiel lowered his gaze to the pavement. “Believe me, Dean; more than anything, I wish that you
“I got into a pretty heated debate about what constituted work on the Sabbath with a bunch of rabbis there once. We came to a conclusion that it’s not work if it’s for the preservation of life. ‘
“Oh, please. I never told them
Dean sighed. Rolling his eyes. “Fucking shit,” he mumbled.
…” Sam swallowed hard and his chest heaved as his gaze shifted nervously between his brother and the now utterly motionless girl lying inside the charcoal ring.
sitting in front of him. Skirt steak braised in a tomato sauce with black beans and yellow rice.
With a second blink, all of it was gone.
Dean cleared his throat. “Hey Jacob,” he rasped, giving the man a tired smile. “Long time, no see.”
else knows, he’s just a regular snot-nosed kid and he’ll be one until he gets tapped. All you’ve gotta do is
lives so you can learn from them. Maybe the fact that you can't trust Sam now
“Trust me,” Dean scoffed, shaking his head. “I ain’t
Castiel’s eyes narrowed. Carefully, he lowered the sword hidden up his sleeve, letting the weapon slide into his hand. Before he could strike, however, Zachariah knocked the blade out of his hand and slammed him against one of the olive trees. He pressed his own sword against Castiel’s neck.
has. He’s been calling the stigmata a burden since the night he got them.”
Jesus placed his hand on Castiel’s shoulder. “Then promise me you won’t get yourself killed.”  He pleaded.
“Rough day?” The bartender, a young woman with choppy black hair and arm tattoos asked, looking up from a sink filled with dirty glasses.
Dean had failed his brother.
The air was still thick and heavy. Dean could feel the static under his skin.
Dean had been out there for hours. At first, he’d just been out there
“Same thing. The tape skipped.” Detective Connolly shrugged. “But that aside, we have no reason to believe the two incidences are linked. A serial killer or a serial kidnapper wouldn’t switch between two different MO’s.”
Dean walked up the snow and late afternoon sunlight coated the sidewalk, ascending the stairs of the mint green and red two-floor bungalow. When he reached the porch he stopped, staring at the door. His eyes drifting over to the mezuzah hanging just outside the threshold of the door.
Then there was silence. The sound of Sam’s voice ceased. The smell of sulfur gave way to the stench of blood, dirt, and sweat. Wood splintered and chaffed his back and rope burned his arms.
“Only every day, honey,” she replied, wiping the counter with a dishrag. “Sometimes twice a day.”
food.
Castiel set his eyes on Golgotha, a small hill lined with posts on top of it. The two other men that had been sentenced were already getting nailed to their crosses. He could hear their screams in the distance.
A pit grew in Castiel’s stomach. “What if he can’t?”
and His impending conquest over Darkness and Death. It was the commemoration of the birth of the Christ child, when God was believed to have entered the world, incarnate as a human being. The Spirit and The Flesh, dwelling together as a single entity.
“No.” Dean shook his head. “He’s not—He’s not answering his phone.”
Castiel was to save The Righteous Man—The Messiah—from Perdition and reunite his battered and smoked caked soul with his flesh.  After that, Castiel was to task him with his holy mission and guide him to become a Servant of Heaven.  Even though he was tainted by Hell, Michael could still wear him. He was to do the same if and when he was Chosen.  That was it. No more and no less.
Stumbling backwards, Dean’s eyes went wide and he took a sharp breath. He gaped at Sam for a moment before he looked down at his trembling hands. His body stilled as he stared down at them, his face washed pale in terror.
marks, angel.”
! Two second-best sons who felt the pain of Father’s abandonment and the sting of Michael’s sword. And why? Because we loved Him too much,” Lucifer paused, mournful and sad. “My heart
"Secular rock music is so damaging to young kids,” the young woman stated. “It’s good to offer them Christian alternatives."
“Well did you go
“Sounds
It was
—he had gone to bed the night before barely able to hold a pen or walk the short distance to the bathroom on his own—he didn’t question it. Instead, he used it as an excuse to work cases.
do.” She looked pointedly at the both of them. “There is nothing I can do to stop you.”
Jesus froze. “Samael.”
Slowly, Dean lifted his hands up to his face. He examined them through a haze of drying water and salt and half open eyelids, watching his fingers move in clumsy, broken motions as he opened and closed them.
“Well, I’m willing to sponsor you.” The rabbi got up from the desk and walked over to her bookshelf, grabbing a small stalk of books and putting them on the desk in front of Dean. “You can start with these.”
“Perfect timing. Bishop Tamsen and Father DeMatteo just go here.” Jimmy whispered.  He opened the door, letting Dean and Bobby into the house.
Then Dean noticed the smell. Gone was the familiar scent of Bobby’s house— a blend of whiskey, aftershave, and gasoline. In its place was the acrid mixture of body odor, worn vinyl, and floor wax.
The boy turned the camera around so it was facing away from him, he scanned through the destruction as he walked down the street. Then he stopped. Shouts echoed off in the distance.
Jesus furrowed his brow. “
Still on the fence, Dean avoided going the Sunday after Christmas easily enough, choosing instead to drive through the night and morning across the country for a vengeful spirit case in Montana. But when they drove by the small Methodist Church on their way to the motel the next Saturday night, something about it just sat right with Dean. The following morning when he and Sam went to the service, he knew why: a seven-year-old girl with the voice of an angel, in the most sincere way he could mean it, had leukemia. Her family was so strapped for cash the church had taken a collection to help pay for her medical bills. Dean had been so moved by their act of love that he’d emptied his own pockets right there in the middle of the service, but it wasn’t enough.
“Yeah, well,” Jimmy scoffed. “I’m starving. I can’t remember the last time I ate something.”
After a moment, the door creaked open, revealing Sam. His face was pale with nausea and his eyes were bloodshot and rimmed with dark circles. His clothes were wrinkled and his hair was unkempt and sticking up in the back.
It was Lilith.
them and all that comes with them,”  Estelle said, as though it should be obvious. She looked down at the cards, before raising her gaze back up at Sam. “The only one who
"One of those
Dean rolled his eyes. He took a big sip of his coffee before dumping the rest out into the sink and grabbing his jacket, walking out to Bobby’s car. “I got one stipulation,” Dean said, closing the car door of the front passenger seat. He eyed the radio. “I call dibs on the tunes.”
:: While stigmata is predominately a Roman Catholic phenomena, there have been a few cases of Protestants receiving the wounds as well.
The sound of Ruby’s gasps and moans as he drank her blood helped Sam forget that the Impala’s cabin, for as many times as he and Dean had cleaned it, still reeked of roses. For once, he couldn’t smell them at all.
Jesus made sure to carve the Seal of Solomon into each of the tree trunks. By the time he made it back to camp, most the Apostles were asleep.
“Fucking-A, Cas.” Dean sighed, running a hand through his hair. “How many times do I gotta tell you? Personal Space.”  Dean squinted at him. “More importantly, where the hell have you been? I -”
like you.”
A crack filled the air and there was pain. Ripping pain and a scream that didn’t stop. Ten. Twenty. Thirty. Forty. Fifty.
Dean took a deep, awkward breath.
much of a saint to begin with, right?” A knowing grin spread across her meatsuit’s mouth. “I’m not scared of you.
"Yeah.” Dean cleared his throat. “Anyway, I’m gonna get the hell outta Dodge before he realizes I’m here.”
“Dean!” Sam barked. He grabbed Dean by the shoulders and pushed him roughly away. “Dean, stop!”
Castiel sighed deeply, taking a couple of steps closer. “Purging demon blood from a human being is extremely difficult.” He paused. “Near impossible. Not even angels possess the power to do it.”
Jimmy glanced down to Dean’s wrists pointedly.
“It does.” She grinned. “See, you’re learning already.” She put her hand out.
“Dean you don’t have to-”
Maybe it was because he thought Dean didn’t love him back.
mentioned the pages to Sam.
The title is from
“What the hell was that?” Sam hissed as he glanced back at the group of parishioners.
Bobby followed him anyway.
Sam was about to cross the threshold when Dean’s voice rung out, “
Taking a deep breath, Jesus turned to face the Sea of Galilee. Cool, calm, and peaceful. He glanced briefly back at the synagogue before he started to make his way down the alleyway.
:: The Gospel of Mark, the earliest composed gospel, has no post resurrection appearances by Jesus in its earliest surviving manuscripts. It simply states that the women who went to the tomb on Sunday morning found Jesus’ body gone. A 'young man dressed in a white robe' sitting in the tomb tells them of Jesus’ resurrection and the women flee the tomb in fear. In later gospels, such as The Gospel of Luke, the resurrected Jesus goes unrecognized at first by his disciples when he appears to them.
The demon wearing Bishop Tamsen appeared behind Claire, his eyes black pools. He grabbed her, holding a knife to the throat.
Ruby’s face relaxed, and she reached up to pull him in for a kiss. “No one thought I could turn you. No one had the faith I had, ” she whispered. “We’ll be
“What do you mean, ‘a new abba?’” James asked, confused. “What does that mean?
“Yeah.”  Dean hung up his phone, shoving it back into the pocket of his jacket and starting the Impala and driving out of the parking lot.
change.” He chuckled bitterly. “That’s what the Eucharist is: a big middle finger to the angels and I—” Dean cut himself off, clenching his fists. “I woulda done the exact. Same. Thing.”
. He felt each and every one of the bruises on his back, forehead, wrists, and ankles crack and split open with a hot sting and he cried at the feel of it.
you son of bitch!” His head dipped as the tears he tried to hold back started to fall.
For Dean, the sound was always the worst part. He’d gotten used to the sensation of pain, but the sound of it was something he could never become accustomed to. The sizzle of metal against his charring flesh, the scrape of a knife as it sliced away layers of his skin, the squish of his organs, the slow crack of his fingers as they were broken, one by one.
“Fucked up again, didn’t you, boy?” Hard and deep, it was a gruff voice that never failed to make his heart race. This voice was familiar and terrifying, one that played in his head more often than his own. It was disappointment and anger and slurred words on drunken Saturday nights.
Without any hesitation, Jesus took the goatskin from him. He pulled the wooden cork out and chugged the water down, spilling some of it over his mouth that he wiped away with his sleeve. “Who are you?” Jesus croaked, watching the angel carefully.
Dean waited for what felt like forever, waiting,
Though his siblings thought it an insult to the future Messiah for him to be born in such a way— among the smell of animals and in the aftermath of sadness—Castiel, thought it very fitting. The child was, after all, created in their Father’s image.
“Do you remember our brother? Do you remember how glorious he was? How powerful he was?” Uriel’s voice was filled with awe as he walked slowly back down towards Castiel. “Think of how much better Heaven would be under his rule.”
“How many Seals are left?” Sam asked, climbing up the stairs.
Sam darted over to Dean and lifted him up off the floor, sitting Dean on the edge of the bathtub where he cleaned and bandaged Dean's wounds, wrapping him in the two leftover gauze strips they had on the counter. He changed Dean’s shirt and threw a jacket on him before all but running him out to the Impala, sitting him in the front seat. “I’m taking you to Bobby. Just try to hang on," he said, his voice laced with fear and panic.
He groaned, recoiling.
“That’s for your blood burning my meatsuit.” Ruby hissed. “And this is for you.”  She dug into her jacket, producing a wreath of twisted barbed wire. With a quick thrust, Ruby shoved it onto Dean’s head before stepping back out of the cell.
“I’ll come back home. I promise,” Jesus said, pulling away from James. He walked away, turning towards the sunrise.
“There should be more of us, honestly. You’d be surprised just how often convents are the sites of hauntings or demonic attacks.” Sister Joan chuckled. “In the four years I’ve been here, I’ve probably hunted more monsters than I did out in the world.”
He didn’t want to stay. He
a hunter though.”
“Thanks. I’ll keep that in mind.” Dean nodded again as he took the Bible from her. His smile quickly faded from his face as he walked over to Sam, now sitting on one of the vestibule’s nicely cushioned benches. “Hey young man, have you accepted Jesus Christ as your personal Lord and Savior?” Dean shook his head as he sat down next to Sam, dropping the Bible into his lap.
A pit started to grow in Dean’s stomach. He cleared his throat as he pursed his lips together. “So... How do we stop this?”
Then Castiel heard the sound of sandaled feet making contact with gravel and dirt behind him, far ahead of the squad. Castiel turned to find his one of higher ranking brothers standing there, the bright moonlight casting a shadow of wings under his vessel.
Dean paused for a second, taking a deep breath before he walked through the doorway, setting his eyes on a little girl sitting up in the hospital bed, brushing out a wig. “Hey kiddo.”
He climbed into the Impala, tossing the bag onto the passenger seat. Pressing his fingers to the bridge of his nose, Sam closed his eyes. He cleared his throat and prayed. “Castiel, you listening? I
“Who?” James asked, unable to keep quiet any longer.
“—Oh, please Dean,” Ruby laughed. “You honestly think we’d come in here unprepared?” She pulled over the neckline of her shirt, revealing a binding sigil carved into her shoulder. “You really are stupid.” She smiled viciously as she lifted up her hand up, thrusting it towards Dean.
, Sam. We gotta do
“Well, that’s the only thing I can think of, Dean. I mean they must have tortured you in The Pit. What if your memories are starting to manifest themselves… physically?”
It had taken him hours to pass out the night before, and when it did finally come, the sleep hadn’t brought him any relief. It had only brought him nightmares, just as it had every night since his resurrection. Every time he closed his eyes he was back The Pit, trapped with a grotesque, white-eyed monster and the sound of his own and others’ weeping, screaming, and pain.
An eerie calm washed over Dean as the sound of Sam’s panicked mumblings became utter silence. Silence, save for the familiar sound of flapping wings.
He made his way out of the bar and back to the Impala. Climbing into the driver seat, he placed his hands on the steering wheel. He flipped the radio on. The Rolling Stone’s Angie- slow and mournful and nostalgic- bellowed through the speakers.
to, anyways.”
Jimmy quickly jerked his hands away from Dean’s.
“Hello Dean.” Castiel walked down the altar’s steps, stopping right in front of the pew where Dean was seated. He watched Dean for a second. “You look… exhausted.” Sympathy laced his words.
The phone had been disconnected.
” Zachariah said. “But even if you were, Michael can’t inhabit your corpse. He needs all of you. The whole package. Body
Bobby paused for a second, staring at the body. There was no bloat in the stomach, no bruising or discoloration where the body met the cot. There was no blood dripping from Dean’s mouth or nose as there
He was almost finished with it. Some detail work on the carving was all he had left on the actual construction of the piece. Then he needed to smooth it down and stain it. The tabletop had come together nicely. Between the precise measuring and gentle sanding, not even the most discerning eye could tell where one plank began and the other ended.
Sam’s fists clenched. “What’s happened to you is
Ruby walked over to the body, staring down at it in elation. “You did it. I can’t believe it.” She looked back up to Sam, grinning. “You
of new wounds brought as much confusion, anger and fear as the wounds themselves would have.
“Are you alright, sir?” a voice asked, concerned.
thing. In fact, it kinda sucks dick.”
“And this is going to be
She sat there quietly for a moment, listening. The muffled, faint sound of music could be heard coming from down the hall. From the soon-to-be nursery. Fear filled her instantly.
“Sam, what’s going on?” Ruby cocked an eyebrow, following him. Concern laced her voice.
Carefully, Dean placed his free hand on the top of her bare head. As soon as his fingers made contact with her skin, he could feel the heat course through his veins. It ran out from his fingertips, seeping down into her head and through her body. He watched as she quickly gained warmth and her eyes lost their tired gloss.
Jesus nodded. “One of them does.”
When he was done washing, he entered the main room. He walked over to the table where Dinah was mixing honey and crushed walnuts.
“I am.” Dean let out a warily chuckle. “Trust me, when I found out, I was about as shocked as you are.”
sitting at the right hand of Our Father’s throne? Judging the living and the dead?” Uriel chuckled bitterly. “The idea is laughable.”
least—drive the Romans out of this land, then what you’re saying will be true.”
I am.”
Then the sound of flapping wings filled the air. Dean rose from the pavement with some difficulty and turned the corner, setting his eyes on the angel standing in the middle of an empty parking space.
“Yeah, well, I spent the last month walking halfway across the country and the last eighteen hours feeling like I’ve been nailed to a tree.” Dean shrugged, rubbing his hand over his thin forearm. He knew he looked terrible, but he was beyond caring. It was enough for him to just make it through the day. He didn’t have to look good doing it.
“Cas?” He blinked.
a puppet. None of us are. We have a choice.” He looked up at the night sky. “We were made in His image and because of that, we’re special among all of Creation.”
Dean had been snowed in at Rufus’ house for three days. It wasn’t until the following Monday that the roads were clear enough for him to leave. His time was spent lighting Hanukkah candles, eating and studying lore.
Sam was cut off as Dean groaned loudly, clutching at his temples. He collapsed to the floor, tears of blood streaming down from his eyes. His body was wracked with pain. Different from the pain he felt when he bled. This pain didn’t bring with it doves and stained glass, but memories of smoke and sulfur.
Dean took a couple steps closer to them. “I’m a man who was resurrected by Heaven. A man who exorcises demons with a single word, brings the dead back to life and heals the sick.” Dean pursed his lips. “You’re a pastor, Jacob, so I think you can understand what I’m getting at.”
…” Her voice was filled with awe. “The angels told me I would meet you today.”
for upstairs, Dean.” Sam’s words were blunt. “And Jesus is believed to have been completely human
Dean may have been suffering, and while that did frighten Sam with the ever-looming possibility of Dean dying again, it angered him just as much. Dean’s suffering was a sign that Dean was
Dean chuckled morosely. He was quiet for a second. “So, did the
Dean paused. “Well, I’m-”
“Yeah. Walgreens had ‘em. Anyway, we got another problem.”
“Yeah. It is.” Dean’s eyes narrowed as he took a long sip from his drink. “When
“Fuck,”  Dean uttered. “Exorcizamus te, omnis immundus spiritus-”
thing.
Sam narrowed his eyes. “Good.”
“I am.” Jesus nodded. “It’s nice to meet you, Miriamne.”
Suddenly, the room was silent. Completely silent.
“Choke on a fat one. Bartleby.” Dean glared.
“Bobby!” Sam screamed again. It cut through the fog, loud and panicked.
As the video got closer, the figure became clearer. It was a man-tall and lanky- wearing a brown hoodie. The hood was covering their head, casting a shadow over their face. In their arms was a small girl. The side of her head was coated in blood. She was still. Motionless.
“You’re one kinky son of a bitch, you know that?” Dean sobbed bitterly as he made an attempt at a defiant chuckle, his body shaking with chill and shock.
Uriel scoffed, disgust filling his voice. “You listen to me, you tainted mud monkey. Your brother might be able to give us orders, but
“—John was
” Dean swallowed, glaring.
have been, but by bruises.
Dean was putting on his boots when Sam returned, two cups of Dunkin’ Donuts coffee and a paper bag in hand.
Back on the sidewalk, Sam could see the man pull his sunglasses off, his body tense with shock. His voice rang out, “I can see… I can see! Jesus Christ I can see!” Various supermarket patrons had started to congregate around him among gasps of awe.
Sam grinned. "That’s perfect. Thanks.”
“Damn that was good.” Dean said, patting his stomach.
There were no vacancies to be found anywhere, aside from a room with a single bed in a hotel that had likely once been a tenement building, just above a dive bar. The Alva Hotel. It was old and cramped, with the lingering stench of cigarette smoke. Lack of cleanliness and having to sleep in an armchair aside, Dean wasn’t bothered by it. What bothered him was the painfully obvious irony that he
Sam scrunched his brow at him before turning his gaze to the water, now red and fermented.  Taking in a deep a breath, Sam unceremoniously dumped the wine into the basin of the tub before sitting on the floor next to Dean.
“I’m not working a job.” Dean paused. “I’m actually here
“Hey Sam,” her voice hummed. She walked over to him. “What’s up with you? You haven’t texted or called me
He collapsed on top of Ruby with a groan. Once his climax faded, Sam slid out of her and turned onto his side. Fulfilled, he gently ghosted his fingers, over her shoulder and down her arm until he reached her fingertips, where he laced his fingers with hers.
Tom pulled the truck over and Dean climbed of the cab. The cold air attacked him, but soon it faded. With each step Dean took closer to the church, he could feel the heat course through his veins, blazing strong. By the time Dean pried its door open, his entire body felt as though it were awash in flame.
“No,” Dean replied, trying as best he could with his stiff, broken fingers to pull the blanket back over himself. He paused. “Not yet anyway.”
A few short months ago he would have gladly debated them, but now such arguments seemed almost trivial. Seals were breaking. Sixty stood between the world and Lucifer rising. From the Apocalypse.
Jesus didn’t say anything. He took another sip from the goatskin, focusing his gaze on the flames and heat of the fire. While he did this, the angel walked over to him, holding a wooden plate covered with a cloth.
, but take a chill pill. The suit is dry clean only.”
When he finished, slowly, Jesus let go of the scrolled and backed away from the podium as the rabbi grabbed the scroll and rolled it back up and placed it back in the ark. Jesus turned to him, gesturing to the ark. “Now, this scripture has been fulfilled.”
“Don’t look that way to me, son. The cards don’t lie.”
what this actually
“Our Father.”  The demons hissed. “He’s going to take what rightfully belongs to him, what belongs to us. And there's nothing you or your feathered companions can do to stop him.” They let out a hearty chuckle.
Through hooded eyes caked in tears, he averted his gaze from Sam, shaking his head. “I—I can’t Sammy,” Dean sobbed, taking in a few shallow, ragged breaths.
looking for people
“Damn it.” Dean’s eyes scanned the room, desperately trying to find him, but to no avail. He gritted his teeth. “Ya don’t drop a bomb like that on a guy and just
As they closed the door behind them, Dean let out a loud sigh, running his hands down his face. “Fucking shit.”
Dean remembered the pain. The nails. The splitters in his back. The ache in his chest as he screamed toward the sky with no answer and the hot sting of tears in his eyes.
Bobby paused. “But how do you know it’s a bloodline thing?”
The mother blinked at him in confusion. “But you’re here. At our church.”
— held her back protectively, fear and anger plastered on his face.
Jesus grabbed the wine, saying a quick prayer before taking a sip from it, the alcohol stinging his cracked lip. He relished the pain. He took another long drink then put the jug on the ground next to the table. With trembling fingers, he grabbed a hammer and chisel from his work bag and began chipping the rough side paneling slowly until it was uniform and smooth. He was a third of the way through the second panel by the time the sun had fully risen.
Dinah nodded. “Last night, before you came back home, he and Judah came by. They don’t want you to come to the wedding.”
he has towards you. A few more demon blood martinis and killing you won’t be
The whole room reeked with the smell of roses. Bobby wondered how long it would take to get the smell and the blood out. Another part of him wondered if the smell even
“No, you’re fine.” Bobby groaned, picking him up. “The hell just happened?”
A lump grew in Dean’s throat. He ran a hand across the base of his neck. Instead of sweat coating the palm of his hand and fingers, there was blood. Bright red blood that smelled of roses. Dean shuddered, wiping his hand on his jacket. “Maybe I should go back inside.” His eyes glanced nervously at the angel.
:: While the synoptic gospels mention that only women (chiefly Mary the mother of Jesus and Mary Magdalene) were present at Jesus' crucifixion, the gospel of John mentions the presence of 'The Disciple whom Jesus Loved' or 'The Beloved Disciple' at the crucifixion as well. Jesus is described as giving the care of his mother over to him. Traditionally, this disciple is thought to be John the Apostle (aka, John son of Zebedee), I decided that it would make for sense for it be Jesus' own brother.
—are you and what the
Before turning onto the highway, they stopped at a Burger King where Dean ordered two double whoppers, large fries, onion rings and a shake. Within ten minutes, the food was gone. Only the shake and a few fries at the bottom of the grease-stained bag remained. It was more than Dean had eaten in months, so much so that he almost got nauseous from it, but he couldn’t find it in himself to care. It was
“I’m trying to get strong enough to kill Lilith. I’m trying to stop her from breaking the seals. I’m trying to stop the Apocalypse,” Sam said, eyes narrowed. “If what happened today with Alastair is
“Oh? Your feathered buddies didn’t tell you?” Alastair lifted Dean up off the floor, slamming him against the wall. “The first time you took my razor? The first time you sliced into that weeping bitch? That was the first Seal, Dean.”
Bobby shot him a look. “Quit bellyaching. You were a carpenter in a previous life. I think you can handle picking up one measly Christmas tree.”
Dean’s eyes lowered to the floor. The pit in his stomach was growing larger by the second. After a moment, he lay down on the bed. He turned to his side with a hiss that was pain as much as it was sadness. He didn’t say anything, feeling heat prickle in the corner of his eyes. He knew if he spoke Sam would hear the tears in his voice
“Sure.” The waitress chuckled, tossing the rag onto the counter. “What I saw was an act of God. That’s the best way I can describe it.”
