Gabe's jaw drops, and he runs a hand through his hair sheepishly. "Oh. Sorry."
Dean shrugs and looks down at the ground. “I mean, yeah, if you are OK with it.”
extreme," Gabe says, and everyone laughs. Lisa still looks confused, however.
"Oh my god."
Cas takes the papers from him and frowns down at them. “Where did this come from,” he murmurs to himself. He knows damn well that he didn’t sign this page, but he doesn’t want Dean to see through the ruse getting him all the way out here just yet. He leans on the hood of the Jeep, reading the page that he ‘missed.’
That’s news to Dean. “Wait, really? A city can ban a whole breed of dog?”
"As a matter of fact, I do," Dean said as he crossed his arms over his chest. "Charlie hired them for me so that my belongings wouldn't be left behind. I gave her a detailed list of things to get, and everything in that shop was mine."
“Oh my god, you are such a dork.”
"Sweetie, I know you don't like to talk about stuff, so I'm not going to push you." She looks over her shoulder to Cas' house. "But I think you need to take the first step and reach out to Cas." Dean opens his mouth to argue, and Mary stops him with a raised finger. "I know she's kept stuff from you, and you are hurting, but she is too. You two have been best friends since you moved here, and she needs you just as much as you need her." She pats his cheek. "Just think about it."
coming through, that Dean can't help but grin. “Hey. Just a black coffee and a muffin. Surprise me on the muffin.”
'Cause now, Eileen is getting in on the action of helping Cas find places to leave the tinsel.
"Oh, my God. You guys, get a load of this shit," Cas says from the living room before turning up the TV. They can hear Dick talking about 'his' invention. The crowd around the table boos and catcalls as Dick drones on to a reporter about changing lives.
Dean hears the flapping of wings as he leaves the house to head to the bakery, and he groans when he sees the latest wreath that Cas had put on the door on the ground, the shiny bits all picked off of it. He shakes his head and cleans up what he can, setting the wreath to the side.
Dean barks out a laugh.
Dean rolled his eyes. "Now what?"
he snarls.
Bobby nods. “Alright. Call me when you get there, at least. Let me know you’re OK.”
Cas grabs the mic and keys it. "Gabe, the battle zone should be northeast of 81."
he's screaming at the top of his lungs as the wind hits them from all sides, but he can't hear anything but the roar of the F5 sitting right on top of them. He tightens his grip on the pipe as he feels his body being lifted into the air, Cas plastered to his chest. Somehow, the leather holds, and they are suspended in the air, legs pointed to the sky.
“That sounds like the best idea you’ve ever had.”
The bell rang when he pushed in, and Dean heard a gruff shout from the back telling him he'd be right out. Dean smiled to himself and grabbed a bucket, patting Rufus' head as he passed the old Rottweiler. He gathered what he needed into the bucket, throwing in a few hand tools that he'd left behind, and made it back up to the front at the same time Bobby Singer came grumbling through the store. Dean sat the bucket down next to the register and turned to face the older man.
sign the damn thing?!” He tries to hand the pen to Cas again.
She licks her chops and blinks at him again.
for a later time. “Right now, I just need to assess the damage and see if anything needs to be done to them before I let my Grace take over and do what it can to heal them.”
Dean nodded before he remembered his brother couldn't see him. "Yeah Sammy, I will." He snorted. "You know any good divorce lawyers?"
Castiel bursts out laughing. “Touché, my friend.” He leans back and groans. “Every year, I forget how much work it is to set up the lights on Main. My shoulders are already complaining.”
Cosmos sits down and stares him in the face, gaze intent and unblinking.
This one is decidedly
“Eh, just a little. Either is fine with me, by the way.” She looks him up and down. “So, you’re new around here.”
Garth showed him how to ring up sales, how to take orders over the phone, and how to pull orders from online. He also showed him how to set up deliveries with Ash's Moving Service.  They didn’t have enough business to have their own delivery driver, but they'd worked something out with the owner of the moving company so that everyone was happy. By the time Dean was released for the day at seven, his head felt ready to burst and he was pathetically glad of the weekend they were giving him.
The weeks pass by, and everyone returns to the work they had been doing
Cas nods. “Right, Lisa. Wasn’t there a Linda in there? Maybe a Melinda?”
Castiel steps over to him and takes the clothing from the beta. "That's a great idea, Ash." He turns to the pack. "Alright. Shift and get comfortable, and I'll tuck these around the outside of the nest."
That was just a bonus.
Dean stills and looks her in the face, blinking. "What do you mean by that?"
When she gets to his knuckles, Dean can't hold it in anymore. "Cas... I met your brother yesterday."
Dean and Cas are in the lead, sniffing out the trails they'd been following the past few nights. They plan to hunt first, bring the food back, then run for a few more hours before the moon rises.
He laid out everything that had happened the night before and everything he'd learned from Cas and Lisa. The crunching continued as he talked, but Charlie made the appropriate noises as she ate her breakfast.
So far, being back home hadn't been too bad, but he knew the universe was just biding its time. He'd only really interacted with people who had viewed him favorably in his younger years. He tapped the bottle against his lip, wondering what has been eating at Emma. He made a mental note to talk to her after dinner, try to drag out of her what's causing the grey cloud to follow her around.
Dean drags another chair over in front of Cas and sits down in it. "Cas, you don't-"
Dean says as he leaps over a fallen log, Castiel following a heartbeat behind.
"Alright!" Dean ran up the stairs and slid into his daughter's bedroom, startling a shriek out of her.
Dean pointedly ignores her and looks up at the clock. "Alright, Blondie, it's well past time for me to get out of here and let the crew finish out the day." He runs down what's left to do for the day as he divests himself of his apron and gets shooed out of his own place of business. "Dude, what's the rush to get me out of here?"
They lapsed into silence again and stayed that way as the song finished. They broke apart with small smiles, and Dean rubbed his thumb over the bolt of Cas' jaw.
Zanna is sitting at the table in her human form, glaring at Ellen over the rim of a bowl, presumably filled with soup. Castiel can't help the laugh that bubbles up at her expression.
“Oh, she did. Made sure to rub my nose in all the history they have, too, while she was at it.”
Dean pulls the next stack of papers over to him and closes his eyes when he sees the name of the person this packet is for.
was a lovely young man while she put herself through college for her Business Degree.
Dean stumbles into his bedroom, up late from having dinner with Charlie, Sam, and Jess, and stops at the glint of metal in the bed. He squints, forcing his tired eyes to focus on the object.
"Dean, hold up a sec." Dean jogs back over to the older man. "Son, you still watching out for Cas' idjit cat?" At Dean's nod, Bobby's face turns a dark red. "Good. Some knucklehead just bought me out of those bear-type traps, the ones for catching smaller game for pelt. I think that fool plans to try to catch her cat with 'em."
Dean wakes the next morning warm and still wrapped in Cas’ wings. He smiles and noses Cas’ collarbone, inhaling the unique scent of
Dean felt the stress leave his shoulders and he switched it over to speaker before laying the phone on the table between them. "Sure do. Sam sending you my way?"
At the computer, Sam and Jessica Moore-Winchester look at each other. Sam steps away from the computer and shoos Jess away so Dean and Cas can talk.
(Continued from
“OK, that’s fair. But dude, really? You don’t like eggnog?”
High school wasn't the easiest for him. Small town Texas meant football, and that meant that if he wanted to be noticed by the girls (and not be outed as bi) he had to play football. As the star quarterback of the team, he'd been popular. Popularity meant that, well, some people didn't really like him.
All heads swivel to the cornfield, dread washing over them as the twister shifts.
Dean felt tears clogging his throat and drew Sam into another hug to hide them from his brother. It really had been too long. The last time he'd seen Sam was before Emma started school, and that was only because Sam had been in Boston for a conference. He gripped his brother tighter, realizing now just how lonely and isolated Lydia had kept him.
Dean whistles as he throws on his clothes and heads to Anna’s. The weather is beautiful, blue sky and bright sunshine making the snow glitter.
Bobby rolls his eyes. “Charlie, you gotta lay off the noir films. Not everyone has the stuff to dangle over people.”
Lydia sneered at the two men. "Oh look, the loser best friend. So glad you listened to me back in high school, by the way. It made it so much easier to break away from this hick town and go up north."
Naomi inclines her head. "And two omegas. You could have fought her off at any time, and yet you didn't. That's not the type of pack you are." Bobby bristles, and Benny puts his hand on the elder's shoulder.
"What," the grumbly voice of her boss, Crowley, answers.
Dean looks down at Cas, thinking back to the night they skated in the moonlight. He’s not sure anything can top that night, but- “Yeah, that sounds like a great idea.”
Rage flashed through Dean as he pulled her back into his chest. "Never, sweetheart. I'm
They decide to have everyone but Dean, Charlie, and Zanna go with Meg back to the homestead in wolf form, leaving everyone's belongings packed away in Cas' little Mazda SUV. For a plastic car, it could hold a surprising amount of crap. The pack would get everything up and running again, Meg there to smooth the way if needed since she's still got all her ID and such.
A fishing boat skids past them on the road, and Dean decides he’s officially done. "Cas, stop! This is fine!"
Dean hangs up the phone and puts it back into his pocket before he looks down at Luc. "Dude, seriously? What made you think this was a good idea?"
With the last sentence, Cas’ head falls forward, his chin resting on his chest. He rumbles in pleasure at the massage.
Dean eyed his mother warily. "No..."
He turns to Meg, who is sitting in the chair next to the coffee maker. “Mornin’.”
“I’ll explain it to you later. Now, as much as I was loving where things were going earlier, let's get those wings taken care of. Get comfy and tell me what to do.”
Dean pushes Dick into the side of the SUV, the slimy bastard hollering about someone getting Dean off him. “What, Dick? Did you think I wouldn’t find out?”
"Oh my god, you people are acting like it's the end of the world," he mutters. He pins Castiel with a look. "Dean's in heat. It isn't going well."
They all snort a laugh, and Missouri drops a steak on Lisa's plate. "Eat up sugar. You're gonna need those calories if you plan on stickin' around these yahoos."
Thirteen years since he dumped her in favor of Lydia. While Dean was pretty sure that while Lisa may not be mad at him anymore, he knew damn well she was not above rubbing his recent misfortune in his face.
“So,” Cas says, looking at Dean. “Dinner?”
Cas leans back. "That's a good thing."
So, Castiel does the only thing he can think of: he scoops Dean up in a bridal carry, surprising a squeak out of the omega.
They grunt, trying to get TOTO out of the back of the truck. An explosion lights up down the road, and the tornado is closing in on them.
Dean rounds the back of the Dodge. "What are you doing?"
Dean hands off his coat, then ducks into the bathroom to trade out cold and wet jeans for just cold ones. He emerges from the bathroom holding the jeans folded so that the wet ends are inside.
Cas looks over to his navigator and best friend, Charlie Bradbury. He and Charlie had met in school, and the short, plucky redhead is the best navigator in the country. She can find a way to the needle in the middle of a haystack with her eyes closed. Right now, she’s smoothing out her maps on a haystack next to the truck she rides in with Balthazar Roche, an English transplant with a love of V-neck t-shirts. Kevin Tran, a young college student, is standing next to her. Charlie looks annoyed, and the wind shifts so he can hear part of their conversation.
He tells Sam about the offer and Jody, explaining that there isn't actually a K9 unit here, yet. But Sam seems to be confident that if Dean wants to stay, Jody will make it happen.
Dean raises an eyebrow at his mother. "Uh-huh."
"You're a good man, Dean."
Dean raises his eyebrows and follows his brother into the part of the clinic where the recovery cages are kept and around to the back row. His eyes fall on a tiny black kitten who is missing most of an ear and has a patch of gauze over his left eye. Dean looks up at Sam to see his face is twisted into a grimace of rage.
"Oh, we saw it," Cas deadpans. Boy, howdy, did they see it.
Abbadon throws Anna to the ground, and with a guttural snarl, she advances on the trio.
Gabriel sits, chewing on his lip as he watches the Doppler radar. Something's brewing in this storm, he can feel it, and he wants to know the instant things change. The local news drones on about the weather from the small TV next to him.
Dean’s out of breath when Castiel releases him, and his mouth runs off without his brain. “Damn, if that's what I get for coffee, what do I get for bringing you a muffin, too?”
It’s not great, this is bad, there go all his half-baked plans, and-
Cas nodded, grinning at Jack's attempt to two-step. "Indeed." He side-eyed Dean as the music changed over from the cover band to a DJ playing 90's country songs. "Dean, will you dance with me?"
"Cas, forget the damn sensors! She's gonna drop right on our heads! We gotta get out of here!"
Dean shakes his head and looks back up at the sky, squinting. He kneels and takes a handful of dirt in his hand, letting it sift through his fingers as he clears his head. If he’s going to do this, he needs to get his head in the game, Cas or no Cas.
"The finger of God," Garth says quietly.
Dean looked back at Cas. "Yeah well, things change when you have a kid. She's my world." He crossed over to Castiel and pulled him into a tight hug. "God, I'm so glad to see you Cas."
"Forget it, Cas!"
"Sam," he wheezed. "Can't breathe."
In the vehicle behind Cas, Sam glances into the rearview mirror and groans when he sees the line of black SUVs. He snatches up the mic. “Cas, we’ve got fleas.” Right after Sam sends his message, Dean’s voice crackles through.
Marv waves at him as he limps away, cat food and carrier forgotten. Dean sighs and decides that he doesn't want Cas to see it sitting in her front yard when she comes home, so he scoops them up, wrinkling his nose at the smell of the canned food. He tosses it in the trash bin before he goes inside, and sets down the carrier right inside the door. He’ll take it to Sam later. He doesn't hear anything from his bedroom, so he decides to check on Cosmos now that Marv is on his way to (hopefully) get medical attention.
Best day ever.
Emma shrugged. "It's OK Dad. Tomorrow will be better." They knocked their shoulders together and sat quietly for a few more minutes until a tall woman with short white-blond hair stepped out of the office behind the desk.
"Speed's still increasing," Jess throws in.
cracks through the forest as the trap snaps shut and snaps the stick in his hands in half. Dean shivers, imaging Cosmos' leg getting caught in a trap like that.
He sighed and looked out to see Cas wiping his forehead with a bandanna. He looked down at himself and grimaced, deciding that he could at least get dressed and take Cas some lemonade. He dug his ratty jeans out and traded his PJs out for the jeans, a white v-neck shirt, and his work boots.
"Nope," he says. "Ain't seen hide nor hair of her since last week when Jody hauled Luc's stupid ass to jail for poaching." He throws back another gulp.
a she-demon. “It was fine. If you’ll excuse me, I need to chat with Bobby about my car.” She flips her hand at him, clearly dismissing him, and he turns away, escaping into the bay.
She jumps down and makes a beeline to him as he unloads the trunk, winding around his ankles. She dodges out of the way when he starts toward the house, and Dean casts a charm to unlock and open the door since his hands are full. Cosmos trails behind him as he goes into the kitchen and lays the bags down on the table. She hops up and sticks her head into the first bag, the one with the bowls in it, and pulls it back out, wrinkling her nose.
butt in is when he’s playing with the kids and Gabe, so he’ll count that as a win, fuck it.
"My mother, father, and two brothers are here, along with a few alphas from my old pack. They helped locate and retrieve you."
Lisa looks at Cas, confused. "Rain bands?"
“Cas! Done with all the kiddos?”
"Hey Cas," Charlie says quietly as she and Meg sit down on either side of him. "Are you OK?"
“The shelter told me that he was an owner surrender. It was so sad, he was just sitting on his little bed in his run, staring at the wall. Dean—oh, that smells nice—he looked like he’d given up, and I couldn’t leave him there without at least trying to make friends. Right there; oh, yes. I opened the run door, and he looked up and wagged his tail. The girl who worked there—Becky, I think?—told me that was the first time since he’d been dropped off that he’d even looked at someone, let alone wagged his tail. I took him home with me that afternoon.”
Emma folded the letter back up and tucked it away in her backpack. She bit her lip and looked over at Dean, hugging her bunny tighter. "Will Mom come back to get me?"
Emma grinned. "Well, then she sat on Mom until Jody got there and Jody put her in the squad car."
"None of you have seen an F5?"
Dean floors it again, hoping—hoping—as Cas yells in his ear. A jolt shudders through the truck as Cas screams, but it's enough to get the back tires over the tree. The rubber of the tires screams and smokes as they make contact with the road, and Dean grits his teeth, keeping his foot on the floor as they speed away from the swirling death behind them.
"Bring home some hamburger meat and shredded jack cheese please," Missouri greets him when she answered.
He grunts at her and keeps punching down bread dough.
“Dean? What is this?” Cas holds up a package of tinsel.
Dean's eyes went wide as her comment pinged around in his brain. "But -"
In the end, it takes Dean, Benny, and two guys from the fire department to get the two men from the bed to the stretcher, but they manage without throwing anyone’s back out. Now they just have to get to the hospital.
Castiel nods. He knows the type- his brother Lucifer had been a perfect example before his mother had knocked some sense into him. "
He thinks about it until he falls asleep that night, the black kitten tucked up in the bed with him and under his chin. He thinks about it at the bakery the next morning. He thinks about it after he gets home from work that night. He thinks about it so much he finally decides he needs to get it off his chest.
“Please don’t bring my father into this,” he growls and covers Dean’s lips with his own. Dean sighs through his nose, and he wraps his arms around Castiel’s shoulders, burying his hand into the hair on the back of his head. Castiel wraps him up in his wings and nudges them back into the garage, waiving the doors shut. They break for air, well, Dean does, as they get to the door leading to the kitchen, and Dean touches his forehead to Cas’.
in charge."
"Dude, what the hell?" Dean struggles to right himself on the couch. Charlie takes pity on him and shoves him over until he's sitting up again. "I came over here to commiserate with my best friend. Can we just watch the damn movie?"
Dean huffs and lays silent when Castiel picks up his foreleg and examines it.
Dean grinned as he scooted out of the booth. "Yes ma'am," he murmured as he wrapped his arms around her and hugged her tightly.
The cougar curled up next to his stomach whines.
"Grandma? Grandma!"
Dean's estimation of the alpha in front of him rises with each word. "Alright, Alpha," and the emphasis on the term isn't lost on the rest of his pack. "Alright. First things first, though, where do you actually live? Cause if it ain't close, this is going to get real awkward, real fast."
“Well, if you guys will have me, I’d like to stay,” he says, nudging her shoulder back.
Gabriel bites his lip. "It's going northeast. It um." He looks up at Castiel, face tense. "Cas, it looks to hit Wakita head-on."
"Scared me for a minute there, Mama. Where is she?"
!" Cas says as he reaches for another sensor.
"My son told you it was time to go, Miss Canning. Now leave before I call Sheriff Mills out here for trespassing."
of course, is one of Dean’s favorite subjects to talk about. Jody (“I’m not my mother, either call me Sheriff Mills or Jody.”) and Dean end up swapping work stories back and forth, Dean going on about his dogs and Jody regaling Dean with stories of small-town cop life. Neither of them notices the ebbing of people around them until Jody smiles at someone behind Dean.
Cas straightened up and put his hat back on. "It's alright, Dean. It's in the past. Let's go take a look at Mama's veggie beds, see what she needs fixing up so I can get to Bobby's and get the stuff." Cas jumped down off the porch and wandered over to the beds where the tomato plants were growing up a trellis and poked around the cedar planks and the low mesh fencing that wrapped around the bed to keep the critters out. He hummed over the mesh, lifting it in a few places to check for bite marks.
The radio in Cas’ truck crackles, and he picks up the handset. “Charlie!”
So, Dean buys her five pairs.
“No shit?” is Sam’s surprised reply. “I was mostly joking.”
Castiel looks over at him in surprise. “Really?”
Dean threw a thumb over his shoulder. "I'm gonna go check on the kids. That's not something they should've had to put up with." Cas nodded and Dean ran up the stairs.
Dean shrugs. "Well yeah, sure. It's been in the pack for generations. But taxes and all that, well. Who knows what the county's done with it since we've been missing the past two years."
"Oh no," Dean groans.
Cas smiles into the kiss. When Dean pulls away, he says, “I’m very happy for the kiss, Dean, but that doesn’t really answer why the mistletoe is hidden up there.”
"I just- I didn't want to come crawlin' back here like this, you know? Hear everyone in this fucking town say they told me so." Dean sniffled and ducked his head out of Missouri's grasp. "Lyds and I were supposed to have it all. The star football player and the cheerleader. The perfect couple. And now? Now I'm a high school graduate with no work history to speak of. A single father living at home with his mother because he's too pathetic to support himself. A failure."
She waves them in, and Dean enters the brightly lit space, looking around. He’s delighted to find it's not just the bakery he saw earlier, but a coffee shop as well. He takes a hearty breath in and sighs in pleasure at the smell of baking bread.
"So now what?" he asks, nuzzling into her palm.
He stands from his crouch, wincing as his knees pop. "Yes, well, Zanna is easy to reason with. Dean won't be."
"Jesus Christ," Dean groans, getting out of the truck. "Why the fuck can't we spend a normal day together?"
"What do you think, Cosmos?"
Castiel nods his assent and climbs onto Dean’s bed, still clad in his boxers. He’s not body shy by any means, but he also doesn’t want to scare Dean away when they’ve just started feeling out a new phase of their relationship. He sinks to his chest and curls his right wing up to his back and lets Dean move the left one around until he’s got it laying across his lap. Dean combs his fingers through his primaries, and he relaxes into the mattress, sighing happily. The room is quiet as Dean works through the large feathers first and then through his secondaries. Castiel can feel Dean plucking feathers that don’t want to lay flat and opens an eye to see Dean lay one down on the bedside table.
Dean scoffed and looked away. "Yeah well, your… face…" He went silent, listening to the sounds of the lake. "Cas, how come you didn't tell me about Lydia?"
“So. What’s fun to do around here?”
"Is she bendy?"
Dean quirks an eyebrow at Cas. “Why do you think all us military bachelors live on chow hall food or shit we can cook in the dorms? It’s a pain in the
There’s no bill to settle since Bobby adamantly refuses to take any money from Dean to pay for the repairs.
And yeah, Dean kinda
Dean runs up to him, catching his arm and swinging him around to face him. "When's it going to be enough?
Cas slides between Dean and the stove, reaching back to turn off the burners. She loops her arms around his neck and draws him down into a kiss. He wraps his arms around her waist and tugs her closer, grinning at her laugh. She turns in his arms and turns the burners back on.
Which, of course, means it’s Cas who meets them in the bay. He’s the picture of professionalism as Dean rattles off stats and such, right up until the stretcher passes him and he sees who is sitting on it.
“Dean! Come in out of the cold.” He leads the way to the table. “Have you eaten yet?”
"Don't have any," Dean murmurs back, hugging Zanna close and smiling when she snuffles into his neck. "As you can tell, we're pretty small, and not a whole lot of breeding pairs here. Plus..." He trails off, thinking of the previous Alpha. Castiel must catch on, nodding in reply.
Ellen sets the bowl into the water and turns to face Castiel again, drying her hands on the towel at her waist. She's quiet for a moment until her eyes snap to Castiel's.
“Shit, sorry! Hang on.”
"Hey!" Dean yells at Benny's retreating form. He huffs and looks at Castiel. "What the hell was that all about. What's got you grinnin' like Zanna got in the cream?"
Castiel looks over his shoulder to see Dean reaching out for him. “Of course, Dean.” He pads back to the bed and climbs in next to Dean, laying on his side. He tucks his head in under Dean’s chin and covers them with his wing. He feels Dean sigh, and his breath evens out into sleep, and Castiel smiles.
He digs the bright orange tape out of the shed and grabs a sharp knife before he heads back to the tree line. He starts on the far edge of his own property and slowly makes his way across, tying a streamer to each of the trees, making sure to leave a good bit to flutter in the wind. As soon as he steps over the property line to Cas' place, however, he feels his heart drop to his shoes.
"Dean?"
"Oh shit," Kevin says. "It's about to turn northeast."
Castiel Novak-Winchester would say that he’s not nervous about seeing his husband again, but that would be a bald-faced lie. He paces around the staging area, running his hands through his already wind-swept dark brown hair. Today’s a great day for storm chasing, and if things with Dean go south—even more so than they are now—not only is he going to feel like shit, but it’s going to spread through the rest of the team. Because when
He digs through his bag, looking for the little amber bottle of that awesome massage oil Eileen gave him a few years ago, after he blew out his knee. He’d been firmly against using the stuff at first, fearing something floral smelling, but Eileen knows him well. She had Sam sit on him while she slathered it on his knee herself, and he’s been a firm believer in the stuff since. He even coaxed the recipe for making it himself out of her.
Dean flicked his gaze over to her son, currently getting his face wiped down by Missouri. "Well, for starters you can come by and get your son. While you are here, you can explain to me why he's been bullying my daughter." He stabbed the end button before she could respond and sat down in a chair opposite Ben. He propped his elbows on the arms and steepled his fingers in front of his face, pinning the child to the chair with a look.
. Their replacement paperwork comes in, and life returns to normal.
A twangy country song, something by Shania Twain, Cas thinks, starts playing on the radio as Lisa turns to Castiel. “That man is waiting for Dean? Why?”
Kevin tips his head back and hollers at the kitchen. "Missouri, is this real lemonade? I'm moving in!"
“Naaaah, we just need to wait the four hours the bottle says before we panic-”
Edgar looks at Dick. "Maybe we should do as he says, boss. He'd never put us in harm's way."
Cas tilted his head at Dean in question.
Only to get squirted full-on in the face.
"Sweetie," she said, drawing Emma's attention to her. "It means that she won't be your mommy anymore. She won't have any reason to come see you ever again and you would have no reason to see her ever again unless you both wanted it. Does that make sense?"
"I can't see it!"
“I hate you both. It was an accident!”
Her body locks up the moment her paw touches the magical trap, a sinkhole. Her fur puffs out, standing on end, as her eyes roll around, desperately searching for Michael.
Including his feelings for Cas.
"That, sweetheart, is my best friend Cas. He and I were thick as thieves when we were little."
Dean turned to face Cas fully, anger washing through him. "What? Why didn't you say something?"
That's a fair point. Castiel follows suit in scenting the air. His eyes widen when his hindbrain informs him that not only is the man in front of him a shifter but an omega as well. One who is in distress. His alpha wakes up and nudges at Castiel to
Charlie crowds in and helps Missouri get comfortable. "There you go."
the tornado, though. We, humans, can’t take measurements from inside the funnel.” He pats the top of the machine. “That’s what TOTO is going to do.”
“I didn’t read it six months ago.” He did, but Dean doesn’t know that.
Dean sees Castiel turn his focus to the laptop and slaps Sam on the shoulder. “I gotta talk to Cas.” His brother’s face falls as Dean turns to Castiel again.
"Thanks, Donna." He ducks into the room to be greeted by his gigantor of a brother and a dog who looks like he's giving Sam a run for his money.
“Okay…” he mutters under his breath. He transfers one of the cups of coffee to the crook of his elbow, then knocks twice. Man and dog wait.
"So," Castiel murmurs from over Dean's shoulder. "These are the Ghosts?"
"I have no idea, Dean-o, but I think you can still make it right if you haul ass over there sooner rather than later."
“That’s fine, man. Hey, y’all get cell reception out here?” Dean asks, pulling out his phone and checking it.
Cas' hand shakes as he keys the mic. "We're OK."
The man rocks back on his heels. "Oh, you know. Wanted to catch up. Shoot the shit. You know."
Cas smiles and lays her head down on his shoulder. "I have a few ideas."
Ellen's head pops up. "
Missouri groans. "I'm alright, I'm fine."
The other part of the team in the blue van radios in their status, and Dean looks at Cas. "Let's do this."
So, the addition of shelving for the smaller items went in, and the bigger pieces were hauled in from the back. The place looked like a proper store, and Dean's chest swelled with pride. He ran his fingers over everything in reach as he made his way to the back of the store, inhaling the scent of the different types of wood as he went. He locked the door that separated the shop from the front, and strong arms wrapped around his middle.
“Two cokes to go, please,” Lisa says to the server as Castiel sits down. The server smiles and nods before moving over to the soda machine.
"Hey now, none of that, sister-mine. I know you're just trying to save us."
Dean feels the blood drain out of his face so fast he almost stumbles. "Come again?"
Mary raises an eyebrow at her son. "Uh-huh. What's going on?"
she sneers at Dean.
“Oh! Yes, yes. Take your boots off and just roll your jeans up so that the snow doesn’t fall off, and then follow me, please.”
“What? Normal time, I guess. What’s the fire?”
"Right!" Cas calls. Dean jerks the truck to the right.
"Alright, let's go!" Dean grabs Cas' arm, and they sprint back to the cab. Cas grabs the mic. "Gabe, are you in position?"
“Cas no, man.  I mean, the fact that they are a little rough looking, we already knew that yeah? But man, they just. Wow.”
Sam ducked away from Missouri with a laugh and recruited the kids into helping him set the table. Jess came in the kitchen in his wake and rolled her eyes fondly as she leaned against the bar. "It's going to be bad enough that he's going to stuff himself with as much as he can eat before we go to the hotel."
"Of that, I have no doubt. From then on, that little boy always appeared when I left my room, no matter the time of day. I learned much later that he was the Alpha's youngest son." Joshua shifts in his chair, drawing Dean's attention to him. "My point is, my little alpha can help you heal, even in ways you don't expect, if you let him. Please let him."
"When we get home, you're gonna help me with my hair, right?"
"Copy that, Cas," Gabe says at the same time Lisa parrots back "Battle zone?"
"Yeah." Dean's eyes crinkle at the edges from the blinding smile he has on his face. "She's pretty awesome."
tragic, don't you think that eating a whole bunch right now, just to throw it back up, would be worse?" He's learned over the years that
“Like a dream, man. I totally understand why you love that car so much.”
Cas huffs and stands up, hands on his hips. “Do you need them right this very second?”
"WE DID IT! TOTO'S FLYING!" Gabriel yells, picking Jess up and twirling her around.
Cas shakes his head. “
Bobby's face fell a little. "Yeah, heard about that. Nasty business. I did see the excellent right hook you nailed that jackass with, though." He made his way behind the counter and started ringing Dean's things up. "Did I catch a glimpse of furniture in that video by chance?"
“You can come back any time I’m open, but for now, git goin’ and stop mopin’.”
"What do I say, Charles? She's been keeping shit from me the entire time we've known each other." He scowls down into his empty Solo cup. "I don't know what
Well, at least Dean knows for sure she knows what she’s doing, now. Claire was right; Meg
"Except one."
Cas looks down and takes Dean in. He’s wearing a pair of faded jeans, ever-present work boots, and a red and black flannel over a black t-shirt. He decides to take pity on the man. “Here, catch.” He tosses Dean a thick cord and jumps off the roof, catching Dean’s annoyed look and hiding a grin. “This is the biggest series of storms in twelve years, Dean. These storms are just lined up one after another. NSSL says they’ve never seen anything like it.”
Dean laughed. "You aren't wrong, kiddo. But we don't have to stay forever, just until I get back on my feet. Mama Missouri and Jack will be glad to see us, though. It's been a while."
"Me, Cas. Me. I've—fuck. I've been right here this whole time; fuck I married you. I love you, Cas, I always have, but this obsession, this-" Dean breaks off and runs his hands through his hair. Cas watches him, feelings boiling around inside of him, just like the clouds in the sky.
Dean settles in behind Cas as he talks and plucks at his shirt for him to take it off as he continues.
"Dean?" Zanna says from behind the green-eyed shifter. "Dean, he's OK."
Dean shook his head. "Doesn't matter what you thought. You knew damn well you could come to me and say something and you didn't. You nursed a grudge for over a decade, poisoned your son against my family." Dean shook his head and backed away from Lisa's advance, holding his daughter tighter to him. "You need to leave. And if I find out Ben keeps up with his shit? I'll do my best to bury you. You need to fix this." He turned away from a spluttering Lisa and red-faced Ben to usher his family back into the house, locking the door. Lisa and Ben could just make their way around the side of the house to leave. He gathered Missouri and Jack to him and hugged them tightly. "I'm so sorry Mama," he murmured into her hair.
Emma pretended to think for a few seconds, and a smirk spread across her face. "Well, I guess since Mom doesn't want us anymore, we
It's chaos, pure and simple. Wolves stream in, harassing the Winchester pack and driving them apart, chasing them through the forest. Their mental voices are full of
“Dean! What can I do for you? I wasn't expecting to hear from you today.”
," he snarls. "
"So, it might not be too bad of an idea to get out of here. That was way too many tornadoes at once."
Dean shook his head. "No, I'm okay. Thanks."
They made their way through the crowd, Jack leading the way. He dropped a kiss on Missouri's head and waved to Bobby. He let Emma down and she and Jack ran off to play with some of the other kids in attendance. Dean watched her go with a smile on his face.
"Now that's not fair-"
Dean noses around until he finds her ears and gives them a lick.
Castiel rolls his eyes and steps up to Lisa. “Hi. Cas Novak-Winchester.” He sticks his hand out as Lisa gracefully rises from the folding chair. Cas hates her a little bit more—he’s never been able to get out of one of those death traps without a fight.
“Honestly? Just trying to decide what to do from here, I guess.” He drums his fingers on the table. “Jody offered me a position if I stay.”
looked the same.
And he finally understands why Cas was so confused when she brought up the socks.
Cas turns away from Charlie, chuckling, and sees a red Dodge speeding up to the staging area. Ah, that must be Dean. He turns away and starts fiddling with the cords attached to the Doppler, making sure they are correctly anchored.
Cas hums. "What can we do about that?"
Dean slings his arm around Lisa’s shoulders as they walk back to the Dodge. He leans back on the hood, ankles crossed as he watches Cas’ team scramble around and gets ready to go chase some tornadoes. “Man, look at them go. They got this. They
The Alpha does, leaping at Dean with his tongue lolling out of the side of his mouth. Dean rolls and darts out of the way, then bows down, tail waving.
“Great!” She retakes Cas’ arm and starts chattering away at him, reminding him of all the times they used to do this when they were dating. When they get back around to the opening in the fence, Dean silently skates out, wobbling onto the bank. He sees Naomi watching Cas and Meg with a smug smile on her face.
"Bout time you told him. Idjit," Bobby grumbles as the door slams shut. They can hear Dean undoing the chain, and then the door is flung open, and Dean stalks out.
Dean snorts a laugh. “Well, hello there. Happy to meet you.”
"It's gonna be OK, Dee."
"My point still stands. You don't need to stay. I don't need a babysitter."
She burrows under the blankets and whines, the sounds of a magical fight drifting in through the open door.
Missouri passed by the table on her way to the kitchen. "I'm glad you think so. There's plenty more where that came from and don't think I've forgotten your normal aversion to vegetables, honey. You'll be eatin' a lot better under my roof, you hear?"
Dean sighs. "Cas-"
She slides his coffee over to him, and he wanders over to the station to doctor it up. As he’s sitting down, Anna comes out to him with a plate with a bagel on it and a bowl full of water. She sets the plate in front of Dean and the bowl down on the floor for Gabriel. “I’ll be right back with a puppachino for him.”
Castiel sits back, wincing when his wing gets bound up on the bed. “Dean, I’m not even sure why you can see my wings, let alone how you are going to help.”
"Where's the phone?" Cas yells.
Gabe huffs, and Dean pats his head. “She better not. Do you know who Meg is?”
“For his sake, I sure the hell hope not.”
It's enough.
"Until the end, anyway, "Castiel chuckles.
"Cow," Cas answers, mouth open as it passes by. Then another cow flies past, going in the opposite direction. "And another cow."
Henriksen slaps a hand on his shoulder. “Get some cold-weather gear before you head out, then. You think it’s bad here? It’s already snowing and cold as hell up there this time of year.” It feels like the last order he’ll ever get, and Dean’s throat closes.
He fidgeted as he sat. "I don't have one." She raised her eyebrows at him. "Lydi- my ex didn't want me working when we had our daughter, insisted that I stay home with her."
. Not to mention not-so-subtly hinting that Uncle Castiel could be doing ‘so much more’ with his doctorate than teaching high school.” She grumbles and crosses her arms over her chest, slouching down in the booth. “It’s like she
Sam pulls Dean into a hug. "Be careful. Don't get dead."
Dean nods and gathers his courage. He throws down two twenties for Ellen and claps Gabriel on the shoulder.
"You'll see."
He pulls her in for another hug and kisses the top of her head. “I promise I won’t leave without saying goodbye this time.”
Fifty miles-per-hour. Ugh. Cas flops back in his seat, groaning. He catches sight of the Leviathan team and sighs.
Dean cracked the bottle open and lifted a shot in a salute to the bartender. "You got it, man," he said before he downed the shot.
“Oh, you started a fire. You didn't have to do that, Dean.” He sets the tray on the coffee table and takes the ice bag from Gabe, wrapping it in a towel. “I don’t actually have any frozen peas, sorry,” he says as he hands the bundle over.
Dean throws his head back and laughs.
"Alright, so now what?" Benny asks. "Abbadon's gone, which is great, but we still need an Alpha for the pack."
Ruby and Lilith continued to cause Dean no end of grief, to the point where even the unflappable Crowley was becoming irritated. It all came to a head one Tuesday afternoon when Garth called him into his office.
“Dude, it’s fine. El probably just forgot to send the order over. I’ll get everything started mixing now. Got the ticket?”
"What's going-What's wrong-I don't-" She's too scared to get a complete thought out, her instincts screaming at her to run, to hide. The rumble that's continuously in the air and the screaming wind isn't helping any.
And of course, nothing in this world is sacred.
“Oh, sorry.”
Dean whistles lowly, then laughs. "She'll eat him alive!"
Dinner was rowdy and exactly what Dean needed to take his mind off of his new job. They sat up late entertaining the kids with stories of their escapades from when they were kids and first came to live with Missouri. Emma and Jack were in stitches and Jess was more than happy to learn more about her husband from Dean's viewpoint. Eventually, the kids started nodding off, so Sam took Jack to his bed and Dean followed Emma to tuck her in.
Emma twisted around and pointed toward the bar. "Over there!"
Dean grins and shrugs. "Yeah well, it's all for your cat, so I hope you appreciate all this," he waves at himself, "and are planning on feeding me tonight. I'm worn out from all the digging I had to do today."
Dean huffs. “I’m fine. Bump on the head, but Baby needs new headlights, at the very least.”
Thankfully, the electric company was sympathetic to the pack's plight and waived everything from the time they went missing to now, making sure the power was back on as quickly as they could manage. The homestead is on well water, so Benny heads out to prime it and gets the water clear.
Dean groans and staggers over to the side of the bed and grabs the key from the comforter. He blinks his eyes at the object in his hand and gives up when they start burning. He tosses the key onto his nightstand, deciding to focus on the issue in the morning when he's got a clearer head, strips down, and climbs under the covers.
Meg chuckles and looks around at the pack bustling around her. "Nah. Just found some people that need some help is all." The line is silent, so she pulls the phone away from her ear to make sure the signal didn't drop. "Crowley?"
she sneers before turning her back on them and melting back into the forest.
Charlie nods as he sets down the glass. “That’s a good basic one, but there isn’t anything to write home about it. Try this one,” she says as she pushes another one forward. “This one has more spices in it. It’s also my favorite store brand.”
"Jesus Christ! Now what?"
Dean removes himself from the conversation and wanders out to a break in the trees. He sits down, taking in the area that he's been forced to live in the last two years. As he commits everything to memory, Zanna joins him and sits down next to him, pressing her little body into his side. He puts an arm around her and squeezes her tight.
“Yeah, that’s fine. Here, give him my cell so he can call me when he picks her up.” Dean rattles off his number, which Castiel dutifully relays to the mechanic before wandering back to the living room. A few moments later, Castiel comes back into the kitchen.
Dean hummed. "Not really. I'm exhausted and got fired today."
a little famous for this shindig, huh?”
Zanna sniffs the air. "Yeah, Gordon's gone."
Krissy raises an eyebrow at him and leans a hip against the counter, arms crossed. "Uh-huh. Is that why you are punching that poor baby bread like its personally offended Cas' honor?"
A phone trills, breaking the tension. The ringtone is a peppy little tune, and Lisa grabs her bag and digs for the phone. She accepts the call. “Lisa here. Uh-huh?” She waves at Cas and mouths a
Dean blinks at the 180, but he is cold, and Gabe is starting to tremble a little, too. He points at the dog. “Only if he can come in, too.”
. I'd drink it with a straw if I could!"
Sam yawns and shakes his head. “Alright, I’m out for the night.” He rinses his mug and turns it upside down in the drainer to dry. “Have a good night Cas.”
Dean hunches in on himself as he answers. "Mostly cause I was selfish. I didn't want to lose what we had if you didn't feel the same way, you know?" Dean shrugs. "Everyone leaves, and I thought that if we stayed friends, it wouldn't hurt as much when you finally leave too."
"Well, then someone has already gotten the key from her, and you shot this poor creature for nothing!" Gavin yells back.
Dean hangs up and clicks over to the other line. “Captain Winchester.”
Cas nods, and Dean slips out of the room, making a pit stop in the bathroom before heading to the kitchen. He starts a pot of coffee and pulls the eggs and bacon out of the fridge. He hears a murmur of voices in the library and sticks his head out to see Eileen and Sam sitting at one of the tables.
Oh man, it was her dad. So not cool around her friend.
That’s a lot of cupcakes to get baked and frosted in just over twenty-four hours. Dean stands up, letting his chair roll back, and slaps Kevin on the shoulder.
Dean flips the visor down and fumbles at the keys that fall out. He can feel the smile stretch across his face at the sight of these keys. “How’d she treat ya while I was gone?”
“Well, look what the mutt dragged in.” And if Dean’s morning wasn't crappy enough, well.
"Ah. So, where is it that you all lived? Er, live."
“Benny, for the love of God, watch your turns. And go slow over the bumps!” Because of course, they live in a neighborhood with speed bumps all the way to the main road.
He whips them up pancakes and bacon, and Eileen puts just as much food away as Dean does. His brother really does not deserve this woman, but he really hopes Sam never lets her go.
, Gabe’s eyes get big as he watches the tornado get bigger. "Christ," he breathes, then keys the mic. "Guys, she's getting bigger and moving quick."
"Name's Dean. Can I ask why you are looking for Castiel?"
"Sure can, little cub. So let's get that soup in you, some soup and Gatoraid for Dean, and see if we can't get him to drink some too."
Dean's jaw snapped shut and he felt the blush bloom on his cheeks. "Uh, thirsty?"
"Gordon did," he grits out. "Followed Zanna and me to the stream and attacked me there when we were distracted by tall-dark-and-handsome back there." He points over his shoulder to Cas, who's still hovering with Meg at the edge of the impromptu puppy-pile in wolf form.
The dog whines at him, tugging on his hand. Dean blinks down at it. “What?”
Dean swallowed again. "Uh. Hey Cas."
Cas bites his lip and sighs. “I’m going to think about it, I guess. It
“Sure did. Kept me company the whole way.”
The rest of the workday was spent checking inventory and pulling online orders, which Dean was able to complete quickly. As soon as noon rolled around, he waved goodbye to Garth and shot out to his car, eager to get home.
Dean shifts uncomfortably. "Alright, so, I'm just gonna-" he points at the door and speed walks his way out, leaving Cas to stare after him sadly.
She growls under her breath and slumps on the rolling stool, crossing her arms over her chest. “You can deal with settling her bill.”
Cas dusts off the seat of his pants and walks up to Dean. "You know what," he says, to no one in particular, "I think we've seen enough for one day!" He hooks a hand around Dean's neck and pulls him down into a kiss. Cheers raise up around them.
(See the end of the chapter for
“-Doesn’t end in blood, I know Dean, but thems the rules.”
He grunts. "Yeah, sure, whatever." The line goes dead, and Meg laughs out loud at her curmudgeon boss.
“Thank you, Dean. I appreciate it, and so does Gabe. Especially since I have no idea how long she’s planning to stay.”
For Joey.
Dean’s stomach clenches. “Cas, I like it when you feed me. Love it, even. I just don't want you to think you
"And to what do I owe this objectification?"
He sighed again and turned up the radio just a smidgen to hear the opening notes of “Ramble On” and felt a smile stretch across his lips. Good ole' Zep.
Lisa pushes her plate away and looks around the table, curious. "Why do you all call Dean 'The Extreme'?"
Cas rips open the passenger side door. “Not much for browsing, are ya?” He leans in and pops the glove compartment open, pulling an envelope with the folded papers out.
Cas sighs and leans forward, looking out the windshield. "Look at those clouds. Amazing coloring."
of his buttons.
On the way to school, Dean's cell phone buzzed in his pocket, so he dug it out and handed it over to Emma. "Who is it, sweetheart?"
Jody grins and claps his shoulder. "Just don't shoot the old coot, alright?"
"This has got to be the stupidest thing we've ever done."
"Lay it on me."
!” he says, stabbing his finger at his temple.
Dean shrugs. “Probably. The reading I did makes it seem so, anyway.”
She hums. “No solid plan yet. You thinkin’ about hosting this year?”
Dean's head thumps against the headboard, and he groans. "I'm sorry, Cas. I get bitchy and irritable during my heats." He laughs. "Better than uncontrollably horny, though."
Cas pushes him away again. "Ugh, fine. But you need to go shower first! I'll order pizza and it should be here by the time you get done." She shoos him away, and Dean laughs before he turns away and jogs back over to his house.
They stand there until a stray bit of wind sneaks up the side of Dean’s coat, chilling his skin. “OK, as much as I’m loving hugging you, it’s fucking cold out here, and I have family that you need to meet. I know damn well that Sam is about to crawl out of his skin.” He looks around. “Where the hell did they go, anyway?”
Charlie comes in next, "This is Charlie, this is Charlie. She's at two o'clock, and she's heading our way!" Cas can just hear Balthazar yelling about driving and the tornado. He shakes his head.
Dean can't hold his anger back anymore and steps out from behind the tree. "Hey loser, you realize that hunting season is like, months off, right?"
Dean sighed and took Cas' hand and let him pull him out of his chair. They made their way to the dance floor silently, and Cas took the lead.
"Have faith, Castiel. It'll work out." His mother squeezes his hand once more, then picks up the map, going back to studying it.
"You're home, Dean."
"Uh-huh," she says as she brushes the powder off the front of her clothes. She looks up in time to get a face full of flour and splutters. "Methinks he doth protest too much," she mutters under her breath.
“It’s the Extreme! It’s THE EXTREME!” Gabe yells, grabbing Dean’s hand and shaking it hard enough to jerk Dean’s body back and forth.
Cas nodded and stretched back up for another kiss. Dean obliged, but as he kept going, the kiss devolved into simply sharing air between the two of them. Dean ground down a little harder and watched as Cas' eyes dilated further and he knew that Cas was a goner.
Dean grumbles in response.
"Wait," Dean leans back and squints at Cas. "I do?"
Charlie crows as she jumps over a log. "
Dean draws the calming spell in from the bag of herbs and twists his fingers, changing the intent of the spell. He throws the sleep-spell at Cosmos, who goes limp. He quickly wiggles under the bush and grabs her by the scruff of her neck and drags them both back until he can slide her onto the box, and Sam throws Dean's flannel shirt over her head. They rush inside, Sam growling under his breath when he sees what's lodged in Cosmos' leg.
Castiel takes the items and pulls her into a hug. "Thank you," he murmurs into her hair. Ellen pats him on the back before she lets him go.
"What."
Dean stays quiet for a few moments, and Castiel starts to pull away when Dean starts speaking. "A few months after, you know, about half the pack left. My alpha brother and his mate were the ringleaders. They took Garth's mate and all the pups with them."
Does he really want to stay here? Yeah, he kinda does, and it's not just Castiel, either. Claire, Anna, Charlie, and even Bobby have become important to him in the short time he’s been here. He wants Sam and Eileen to visit, to show them this little gem of an Ohio town. He wants to see how Gabriel acts in the rain and falling leaves, see if he’s as excited about that as he is in the snow.
Captain Dean Winchester’s partner doesn’t answer, too intent on his job.
"Truly, I'm fine, Dean. Honestly, I should be asking
"Because- because Cas deserves so much better than me."
“Nah, I get it, man. Tell E hi for me. Court all day, huh?”
"She's actually
"What's got your tail in a knot?"
at him, and moves away. “Jill, I told you only to call me if it was an emergency.” As Cas turns to walk away, she makes a motion at Dean. Dean looks at her oddly, and she mimes a scribbling motion in the air.
Castiel steps over the roots of the tree and slumps down into Dean’s chest as the hunter wraps his arms around his shoulders. He pats Dean’s back in return.
She wiggles away from the campsite before she turns and runs further into the forest, the scent of Alpha in her nose.
“Oh, about fifteen minutes or so, depending on the damage. I’ll take a look-see.”
Cas snaps his gaze to Charlie's. "No."
“Oh shit, Cas! Oh my God, I’m so sorry!” Dean starts laughing as Cas wipes the snow off his face.
"Awesome! So my name is Charlie and Sam gave me your number, said you needed a divorce lawyer?"
"Hey, guys!" Balthazar points to the sky. "Sky's clear!"
"Just needed to get out of the house for a bit." Dean fiddled with his glass until Cas took pity on him and poured. "Look, Jo, I need you to know that if Emma's mom comes to the school for any reason, she is not to pull her out and take her anywhere."
Castiel nods and lets his head fall back down. A grunt under him tells him his pillow is currently Meg, and knowing that his mother and closest friend are both here, he lets himself slip back into a restless sleep.
"Keys," Cas says, and Dean points him to the ignition.
"Oh, I didn't realize he was out here."
“I think that’s an excellent idea. Why don’t you go on ahead? I’ll go home, shower and change, then meet you there?”
Dean nods. "Yeah. Zanna refused to go with them. They didn't have time to argue with her, so they left."
For once, Dean doesn't wake before dawn, nor does he come awake all at once, like he usually does. He rouses in his borrowed bed in the guest house slowly, with the brightening of the room. Once he’s fully awake, he smiles up at the ceiling. He’s known the man who is letting him stay in his guest house for less than a week. He doesn't really know anyone else in this town, but… he thinks he could be happy here if he let himself. He might have a job prospect if Jody okays it, and he’s got a fledgling friend in Anna, at least. And then there’s Cas…
Jack hooted at her from his perch on Dean's shoulders. "That's cause there's a whole troop of monkeys out here, Aunt Jess!"
Dean throws his hands up. "OK! Alright, fine. I'll go home. Happy, you harpy?"
Charlie scoffs. “Dean, I was born at night, but it wasn’t last night, nice try.” She shoos them to their bedroom. “Off with you two. I’ll let you know when it’s safe to come out.”
three times since he started listening that morning, its noon and just about time for him to wrap up and go home. He takes the earbuds out as Alicia comes back into the kitchen with what he hopes is the last load of dishes.
“Char’s recipe for her eggnog. It’s the best eggnog ever!”
The now is underlined twice, and that paired with her glare tells Dean she’s serious enough to march him there herself. He discovered that vet techs didn’t give a shit about rank a long time ago.
"Alright man, that's the best I can do for now. You should really go by Urgent Care and get on some antibiotics, cat scratches are no joke, and they'll want to do a tetanus shot. I'm sure that Cas has her cat up to date on vaccines, so I doubt there will be any reason for you to get anything else done." Dean shakes his head. "Dude, I'm so sorry."
Dean’s working on the inventory in his office at the bakery when Kevin sticks his head in.
"Yeah, you too Cas." Dean watched him walk over to the bar, admiring the view until his phone chirped, reminding him of his appointment with Charlie. He threw enough cash down on the table to cover everything plus a tip, waved to Ellen, and rushed out.
Lisa shakes her head. "This is goodbye, Dean."
"What, that video?"
He turned over on his side and stared out the window. Lydia had written him a letter to explain her side of things, but how does one explain their change of heart to someone they were supposed to love? Someone that they had been with for years and had a child with?
Charlie bites her lip and shrugs. "It's hard to explain, but I feel like I've met him before? Sometime long ago, before I came to this pack with Mom. He smells like a friend, and Alpha, and home, and safety."
His mom looks up at him with an eyebrow raised that states
"Hey," Charlie says softly, bumping her shoulder to his. "You OK?"
He tightens his grip on her hand as she finishes with reaching Seattle.
“Dean, what’s going on? You’re worrying me.”
Dean cut him off with a raised hand. "Don't,” he snarled. “You don't get to tell me you're sorry.” He turned away from Cole, raking his hands through his hair. He thumped the wall of the barn with the flat of his fist, head hanging down, before he turned back to Cole, rage in his eyes. “You son of a bitch, you're supposed to be my best friend!"
Dean hums, then grins at Castiel. "Why don't we fix that, then?" He crowds Castiel up against the doorframe and leans in. When his face is inches from Dean's, the omega stops. "Is this OK?"
Fury chirrups and purrs softly before he lays down on Dean's stomach.
Eileen nods with a smile on her face, and Sam grins. “Sure thing Dean. Omelets?”
“We all do, Dean. Come on, I’ll be here if you do, and I’ll help you get up.” He tugs at Dean’s hands and drags him to his feet. They gingerly make their way to the ice. Dean wobbles a little getting there, but they make it in one piece.
Dean stands, extending his hand. “Dean Winchester, ma’am. Just staying until my car gets fixed.” They shake, and the woman narrows her eyes at him.
Dean closes his eyes as the memory of his mother's body, torn to shreds, flashes through his mind. He's just grateful Zanna hadn't seen the actual fight.
Castiel hands the camera back. “You’d better unless you want to sketch the tornadoes.” He pats Kevin on the back then diverts his attention to the laptop with the Doppler readings.
Cas is standing on the top of the van, dressed in a white t-shirt and loose jeans, a pair of sensible hiking boots on his feet. He’s looking out at the line of clouds on the horizon, hand shielding his eyes from the sun while the wind plays with his dark brown hair. The man is still unfairly handsome, and Dean wonders what happened to them to get them to this point. Wonders where they went wrong and when Cas fell out of love with him. He pushes the thought away—he’s made his choice, and it’s not here with Cas. Not anymore.
“Oh, here. Let me take it.”
An hour later, Naomi sits back and drums her fingers on the table. "We need to take out her pack."
"Yeah, she was pretty upset. She'd managed to hobble over to her place and use the key she gave you to let herself in."
“Not officially. I bought it when I first became Zuzu’s handler, so I figured…” he trails off with a shrug. “Just figured that when he comes back, his new handler can use it with him, too. A dog can never have enough Kongs to play with.”
"Dean?" she slurs. "Wha' 'appen?"
Dean nods.
Dean shakes himself and runs to the Dodge, jumping in and starting her up, turning her towards Wakita and Aunt Missouri.
Turned out Dean had a
"Fuck," Castiel breathes as he runs a hand through his hair. "And with Zanna being found as an orphan, that's going to take even longer."
"Ellen," Gabe asks, mouth full, "What is this meat? It doesn't taste like beef."
,” he growls.
sounded and Sam looked over his shoulder and huffed a laugh. "Well, she won't be able to fight you by the time you get here, at least."
"Yes," she said, drawing the sound of the s out as long as she could. "So much better than Mc Donald's."
enjoy dried cum in my pubic hair. Let's get up, take a shower. You can borrow a pair of boxers to sleep in."
Dean nods. "I'm gonna go get the girl."
Castiel squints at him until it clicks, what Dean is asking. “Yours. Mine is… nothing. Yours, please.”
Dean looks around his pack and sighs. "We really should move, make it harder for her to find us again. You know she's just going to come back as soon as Cas and Meg leave."
Joshua bites his lip in thought. "That sounds about right. Do you know anything about what happened yet?"
"To Dean, you mean. To keep us all settled enough to keep our heads."
Cole sighed and ran his hands through his hair. "Dean, you know you are my best friend in the world, but I need to get this off my chest."
jealous. I used to pray to Castiel every night, asking for him to bring me a little brother.” She looks down at Jack and pokes his stomach. “I guess he really was listening.”
“Cas, we picked out dark green for the nursery, right?” He blinks again, and the walls are their familiar deep green - viridian, according to the label. They went back and forth for hours before picking it out; it’s cool, calming, and reminds Cas of his plants.
Cas is out in the garden with Jack when he comes out of the shed with his present. Jack’s started to take an interest in their bees beyond the eight crochet bee plushies he has, and Cas has been using that to try and show him how to collect honey. He’s a little mini-Cas now, he has his own little beekeeper suit and everything, it’s adorable.
“I still wanna know what you two get up to on girls’ night.” He pulls Cas closer to him so he can give him a kiss, and Jack, who apparently learned at school that grown-ups kissing his gross, makes a face at them. Dean, being the adult of the house, makes a face right back.
when they see the pictures.
Getting their photograph taken, his face aching from smiling so much. Crowley shoving Dean’s face into a slice of cake. Sam talking about Dean’s brief modelling career during his best man’s speech. Dean aggressively tackling his brother to make him shut up about his modelling career. Laughter from everyone.
Castiel suppresses the urge to smite the demon in front of him. “I do.”
of sex, y’know, the simple pleasures of afterlife. What more could a demon ask for?
This is new. Dean never asks to talk. He’ll ask questions, give choices -
Fuckface McGee has the audacity to sit there and look
“Dean?” Cas says, voice rough like he hasn’t used it in a while, eyes lost and searching for something, and that’s not right at all, Cas shouldn’t be lost, he’s with Dean again, he’s
to not be a selfish dick. There’s also the wine he uses when he actually has time to cook, behind a hidden panel in the pantry because he knows Sam and Garth would down all of it if they knew it was there, the heathens.
. Hell is a dark, horrid place where things seem to leap out at him from the shadows at all angles. In contrast, his soul is a brilliant white, a guiding beacon that calls to him, makes him reach out, to grasp--
That’s what he tells himself as he quietly makes his way to the kitchen to warm up a bottle for Cas’ son.
“You’d forgive me if I overwatered your flowers, right? You’re really good at forgiving me.”
of your first time seeing a woman’s naked breasts, and
“C-dog! You got our booth ready?” says Fuckface McGee, wearing his stupid-ass flannel-denim combo and looking way too perky for 5pm on a Tuesday. Him and all three of his buddies: the tall asshole, the hot lady with the killer alcohol tolerance, and the tax lawyer with the bedhead.
Castiel sees this, and he understands.
“Well, no need to worry. I’m fine, see?” He holds his hands out in an ‘I’ve-got-nothing-to-hide’ gesture.
dammit. You’ve got me, Donna, hell, I’m sure Garth would love to hear from you now and then. Lord knows you could use the free babysitting.”
Dean took in a deep breath, the extra oxygen doing wonders to calm him down. Right. This is it. This is happening. “Yeah, go ahead. I’m a little spaced-out today, sorry.” Spaced-out being code for so jittery that his skeleton’s probably vibrating.
him do anything, it simply seems he’s inherited your creativity when it comes to insults.” His husband is such a bitch sometimes. Dean loves him so much.
He thinks, fruitlessly, that Cas would understand. Cas was ready to step up to the plate and be a dad. Dean wasn’t. He didn’t want a baby. A small, petty part of him wants to resent Cas for everything that’s happened in the past two days. For running off and playing house with someone else. For dying, when he said he wouldn’t do that anymore. For leaving him with a kid that isn’t even his to raise.
He looks down at the shards surrounding him. This order he’d been given, the one he’d been so excited to receive, it now seems like a deliberate punishment. Though for what, he can’t be sure.
Jody walks out into the main room, and Dean takes a deep breath and follows.
He does remember the drive home, though. Dean got champagne-drunk at the reception and kept screaming “I get the same dick forever, Sammy! Same dick!
got an eyeful of her and Marie kissing, then immediately stormed out, slamming the door behind him. Claire’s heart twinges with fear; logically, it’d be fucking weird if Dean was a homophobe, considering he’s actively dating Cas, but…
Jody shakes her head. “I don’t mean a therapist. I mean a friend.
“...What?”
Cas relents, but only with the promise that he can heckle them from the sidelines when it inevitably goes tits-up (not the
Right. Because of course they have to be a cutesy couple too. He brings them their drinks, going light on the rum for
“Hurting yourself won’t bring him back, Dean.”
“Hey! Hey, what about me? Huh? Don’t you wanna know where Crowley is?” He calls out, but neither of them answer. Instead, the metal door of their interrogation room slams shut, leaving him alone in the dark. Fuck.
, well, part-time, and he’s single, meanwhile this guy who looks like his twice-divorced uncle landed an unbelievably hot piece of ass. This is why he’s an atheist; any benevolent God wouldn’t let this happen.
“Absolutely not,” is what Dean says to Claire when he finds her making out with her new girlfriend in her room. He’d come in to tell her to finish up her chores before dinner, and instead fore
Cas passes Jack the can of orange paint as he sits down with them. “Don’t kill my brother-in-law, Eileen and I have girls’ night next week.”
Jack doesn’t say anything, just keeps looking up at him with his wide blue eyes. And then there’s a hitch of breath that he hasn’t heard in years, not since Sammy was really little, and that’s when the crying starts.
is the year there aren’t any good gifts for. He used to hunt ghosts, he already has way too much iron laying around, and all of it’s in the form of crowbars and knives. Cas says he doesn’t need anything romantic, but… he deserves romantic. He already saw his own gift in the kitchen this morning, the deep blue Le Creuset that he’s been eyeing for months, and he wants to do something equally thoughtful for Cas.
This time, he doesn’t make the mistake of meeting Dean’s eyes when he leaves.
Well fuck, he didn’t think of it like that. All he can do is hold her, let her cry it out, and promise to be there for her. When Claire pulls away from him, breathing raggedly and leaving tear and makeup stains on his flannel , Jody hands Jack off to her. She whispers something in Claire’s ear, and Claire nods and heads out of the room, sniffling lightly, leaving him and Jody alone.
) to fly out to Kansas and visit her. She’d snuck her into the bunker at 2 am, because it’s easier to ask for forgiveness than permission, and they'd spent the entirety of last night listening to music and talking about life. Somehow, this had never come up.
, Nick Dunne, there are plenty of good gifts for wood if you actually care about your wife. Husband. Angel. Whatever. The point is, Dean Winchester is not getting his ass Gone Girl-ed any time soon, and Castiel Winchester is ecstatic about his new bees.
He keeps up the chatter, nearly knocking over his watering can into the asters when he moves on to the wildflower section of the garden, near the brook. He scrambles to keep the can upright and not flood the flowers, and laughs at how hasty he’s being for a garden that nobody but he and one other person see. Well, unless Cas’ ghost is watching him now.
Mr. April ‘03?” Dean tries to pull him into bed, but Castiel shoves him back down, getting up to get their pajamas.
He swallows, nervous about where this is going. “But?”
He holds his free hand out towards Jack, who grabs onto his pinkie with a death-grip. “Woah, hey, c’mon man, I need that!” He says, fruitlessly. There’s a burning pain that shoots up through his finger, along his arm, and up and down his spinal cord, then Jack lets go, and he sees it - a little handprint-shaped scar around his pinkie.
, but he didn’t expect it to feel like
Both of them make their walks of shame, and he calls Garth back. “Hey, sorry about that.”
Castiel nodded, and then gestured to Dean’s pants. “If you will?” Right. This was still happening. “Don’t be nervous, it’s nothing I haven’t seen before,” Castiel joked, like he wouldn’t be getting acquainted with Dean’s asscrack within the next few minutes.
But he’s known Dean for so long at this point, anything less than total honesty would cheapen what they have between them. He learned that from watching Dean’s extensive catalog of failed relationships; there should be no lies between them.
“Dean, can this wait? I’m in the middle of something.” Even as he says it, Castiel removes the blade from his throat, and Jacob takes in greedy gulps of air. He doesn’t even need to breathe, but the repetitive action calms him down.
After an eternity, Dean speaks, voice filled with unshed tears.
“...you’re letting your personal emotions get in the way of Claire’s happiness, Dean! Every parenting book I’ve read says that we should support her on her journey--”
“What did you do to your face?” Right. He’s still bleeding.
“I’m gonna kill Sam,” he decides, right then and there.
“What’re you doing over there?”
And that’s when Marie says the weirdest thing. “Oh fuck. I know your dad.”
He starts visiting Cas whenever he can. He brings Jack, always, and sometimes he runs into Claire there by sheer coincidence, but he never mentions it to anyone else.
With that, Katie deletes the chat history so her dad can’t see it when he does his weekly phone check, and shuts her phone off for the night. She needs to get this essay done, and thinking about how she wishes she was eighteen already and could run away from her family with Melanie will only drive her nuts.
“Uh huh, you tell me every day, sweetcheeks. Laundry,
There’s a hand sticking out a couple feet from the blackberry bush. A familiar-looking hand. The hand feels around, grabbing at the mint and hyssop, and struggles to find purchase.
He knows the look on Claire’s face only because he’s seen it on his own face: unbelievably touched, but trying to play it off. “Sure, whatever. I call shotgun.”
It’s a normal morning, or what he assumes will pass for normal one of these days: he’s shaving his face while keeping an ear out for Jack in case he needs something, when he sees Cas in the mirror behind him. There’s blood seeping through the front of his shirt from where he’s been stabbed, his eyes are hollow and pleading.
“It’s lemonade!”
it’s a D&D game… but sometimes their conversation gets insanely graphic… but also monsters aren’t real… but… nevermind. If she thinks about it too long, she’ll end up as crazy as these four). But she doesn’t have to let them know that.
He and Cas might still need to do the unthinkable and actually
He walks into the kitchen and starts tossing all of that too. Maybe he can convince himself that pie crust made with water is totally the same as the stuff made with white wine. It’s fine. It has to be fine. He has Jack to worry about now.
here is a perfectly nice girl, but words cannot express how much I would rather have seen you using my credit card to order strippers to the bunker before snorting cocaine off a Men of Letters archive book.”
. She hates this man so much. “Eileen, if I get those, you’ll have some right? Sammy, I know
He and Dean share their first kiss as a married couple, and there’s a cacophony of whistles, cheers, and cat-calls from their witnesses. The rest of the evening passes in a blur.
Jack was there for all of it, tucked inside his baby sling: watching Cas burn on the pyre, Dean getting on his hands and knees to pick out fragments of bone, crushing them up late at night so Sam wouldn’t have to see him. Claire, though, Claire finds the urn in his room, hidden in a box of cassettes along with Cas’ trenchcoat. She’d just wanted some music for the drive out to a werewolf case, and instead, she’d found that.
As he fires rocksalt into Castiel’s vessel. Of course.
He doesn’t realize he’s crying until he feels Claire put a hand on his shoulder. Her eyes are rimmed red, like she’s been doing some praying of her own. She turns back to the creek, doesn’t meet his eyes, but she shares anyways. From her lap, Jack babbles absentmindedly.
“--but did it look… normal? Or good? Or whatever?”
“On your arms and knees, preferably, but whatever’s most comfortable.” The wax warmer beeped its little sound of imminent doom, and Dean was reminded that yes: this is happening. He moved himself into position slowly, like Castiel might maul him to death if he moved too fast.
It’s a real possibility. Dean is only good at admitting anything while drunk, in pain, sleep-deprived, or all three. “Then we don’t have to talk. Goodnight, Dean.” He turns to walk away, but when he allows himself one more look at Dean’s face, he sees unbridled anguish, and… he can’t leave him like that.
When Sam and Dean roll up to Patricia Keaton’s front door in John’s car, she runs outside to greet them. She sees Dean get out first, and pulls him down for a hug.
Hurting himself isn’t gonna bring Cas back. Nothing will. He might as well try showing himself some kindness.
Over the speakers, another Jimmy Buffet song starts up. She needs to quit her goddamn job.
He cups Dean’s face, and presses his lips to his temple. “I mean it. Come to my room tomorrow.”
So he resolves that they will never know. He learned lying from Dean’s memories as well.
He gently rolls Jack onto his back, trying not to wake him up. He vaguely remembers this from when Sam was a baby. SIDS, when newborns just… die in the crib. From anything: sleeping wrong, the room being too hot, being anywhere near cigarettes. And he definitely remembers checking the motel AC constantly to make sure it was running while Sam was asleep in the collapsible bassinet they’d had for him.
“Huh? He usually gets along with everyone, especially kids.” Claire gets up from her bed to go finish her chores, and Marie tags along. They’re gonna have to face Dean sometime tonight, might as well be now. Whatever problem he has with Marie, he can say it to her face, and fuck him if he wants them to break up, because there’s no way in hell she’s ending this just because Dean wants them to.
“What? It’s fuckin’ weird, Cas! And I’m not gonna have it! Not under this roof!”
Dean gives him a shit-eating grin, not even pretending to be embarrassed. “What?”
Speaking of, the kid nods his little head so fast, Dean gets whiplash looking at him. “It’ll be fun!”
The door chime jingled softly as he pulled open the door, the smell of nag champa immediately smacking him in the face. The soft, warm lighting and spacious interior of the salon doing nothing to calm his nerves. He got a few stares from the other people in the visible area - all women, most of them there for makeup or a facial. Not him, though.
“We got a new case already?” He asks, not looking up from his task.
“Brother, are you well?” she asks. He’d always taken his brothers’ and sisters’ caring nature for granted, he realizes. Dean Winchester had so few people he could reliably trust to have his best interests at heart, and here he is, in Heaven, with an entire army that he can confide in.
so he can talk to
“Jack, that’s not very nice,” Cas admonishes, sounding scandalized, and Dean can’t help but give his husband a shove.
that boy grew like a weed.
Like he can read his mind, Cas soothes his worries immediately. “Dean. It’s perfect. You’re perfect,” he tells him, sincere, as he inspects one of the honeycomb rows, letting a few of the bees land on his hand and crawl on him. When Cas finally tears his eyes away from his gift, he gives Dean the
“Okay, Dean,” he says to himself, picking up the fragment he had been holding. “This one seems like it should go to the
He takes back all notions of his mission being a punishment from his Father when he sees that Dean Winchester’s body is still whole. A small mercy, but one nonetheless, and one that he will cherish. The thousand burning limbs of his true form burn and fell the surrounding trees, but he doesn’t care.
And that means that he’s automatically signed up for at least two more decades of being alive, hunting monsters, trying to keep him safe. And Cas won’t even be alive to see if Dean does a good job, or gut him with an angel blade if he starts turning into a piece of shit.
books written by some hack author, Carver something.
, though, a not-so-small part of him wanted to add “finding out his asshole looks weird while getting it waxed” to that list.
He wanted to be dramatic, or sarcastic, or something, but with the pain fading rapidly, Dean could only respond with complete sincerity. “I’m alright,” he said tightly, taking in another deep breath. He could do this. This was happening. Then, he thought,
“--ey Dean? Jody just called, she sa-- oh.” Yeah, Sammy. Oh.
He looks down at Jack, who looks impossibly tiny in the crib, dressed in little cloud-patterned pajamas and sleeping soundly on his stomach.
And Mr. Sin On Legs With Green Eyes And Sharp Cheekbones crushes his dreams immediately with those dreaded four words. “I have a boyfriend.” Why is
Sitting in Heaven, holding a fragment of one of Dean Winchester’s defining memories, the one where the Winchester elder had thrown an empty bottle of beer at Dean for not laying salt lines fast enough, and Dean had dodged out of the way, making the bottle shatter a window and break one of the lines he'd laid, which only served to enrage his father even further, Castiel wishes for the first time that he could do
see what’s underneath it, and he’s not disappointed.
years old? What if Jack ages that slowly, development on an immortal timescale? Who’s gonna keep him safe then?
“Oh, you took such good care of him! Were you a lot of trouble for Dean?” Cas asks Jack as he picks him up, mock-serious. When Jack just babbles nonsense at him, Cas smiles, his whole face lighting up brighter than Dean’s ever seen it, and it
“Claire, I’m sure…
The idiot takes the bait, hook line and sinker. “You grow heirlooms? Geez, I wish I had the time for those!” And if that isn’t proof that he’s the superior husband, he doesn’t know what is.
last week and lived to tell the tale, for fuck’s sake. There wasn’t much of anything that could scare him anymore. Besides flying. And snakes. And Twitter user Jane @reputationsupremacy and her terrible opinions on the various Taylor Swift eras.
Todd County, Kentucky isn’t exactly the highlight of gay nightlife, and it’s only gotten worse over the years, so when the hottest guy he’s ever seen walks into his bar, which happens to be the one gay bar in a fifty mile radius, well, Cole figures he kinda has to shoot his shot.
“There you go again! Making it about you!"
“You mean Meg? Yes, just make one with her. Ask for Cas if you’d like me next time.” Castiel said, handing him an
“Bitch. C’mon, Cas, let’s take this to my bedroom. Always wanted to say that.”
His Father may have sent him down to his wretched place filled with abominations to move one chess piece in a great battle, but this feels… different. Seismic. He feels the core of his very being move as it shifts into alignment with Dean Winchester, and he knows from then on that they are one.
” Dean begs, trembling and reaching for him again. He steps backwards, out of reach.
. To make his point, Dean cups Cas’ face in his hands and kisses him, pouring all of his pent-up rage and misery over the past five weeks into one moment, and Cas gives as good as he gets, clutching to Dean like a lifeline, pulling him closer like he wants to subsume him into his own being.
Flashes of a childhood lived in vans and cheap rooms, the pervasive smell of whiskey left out in a plastic cup overnight. Glimpses of a woman, blonde, with kind eyes and lines around her mouth, her face no stranger to smiling. And against it all, the urge to protect someone vulnerable. To protect
“When Dad started talking to Cas, I was like… ten-ish. He told me that God had picked a special angel to watch over us. My best friend, Katie, her parents had just had a new baby, and I was
It starts with one box, on their five-year anniversary. Take
He jolts awake, drenched in sweat despite the Bunker being freezing at night. He can still hear Jack crying over the baby monitor. It comes back to him all at once - Lucifer catching Cas in the back with an angel blade, clutching Jack tightly to his chest as he watched Cas’ body burn, the silent drive back to an empty Bunker with a baby in tow. He rubs at his face, resigned when he feels dried tears. It’s the same nightmare every time, has been for weeks now, he should be used to it by now.
This, at least, is familiar.
Putting a damaged soul back together is more complicated than he anticipated. He’s reminded, distantly, of a Swedish furniture store that Anna had been to when she’d been sent down to perform a miracle for the seven year old daughter of two lesbian ex-nuns. There are no instructions, he must instead sift through each individual facet of Dean Winchester and figure out where it fits.
“Ow, sonofa--” Claire whisper-shouts, trying to extricate her hair from Jack’s grip, but Jack just giggles and keeps tugging on it. Dean stifles a laugh, which makes Claire glare at him like the only thing preventing her from killing him is that her baby brother is currently physically attached to her.
He feels restless. He never used to feel restless, not before he came back from the Empty. It’s the restlessness that makes him venture out of the pale yellow room and into the hallways of the bunker, bare feet on cold stone flooring.
The fact that he wasn’t even guaranteed to get gay sex out of this was such bullshit.
“Just you and me, then, kid?”
The routine is nice, and it’s like he has someone to talk to again. He’ll set Jack’s carseat in the grass while he works, and give Cas updates about anything and everything.
Dean swallowed, and then pulled down his pants before realizing that he still had his goddam socks on. “Sorry,” he said, awkwardly trying to tug off both at the same time and miserably failing. Jesus Christ, he can’t even get naked in front of a guy right, why did he bother coming out of the closet again?
he says to himself when he nearly drops his laptop for the third time. His hands are shaking, and the rest of him needs to get the fuck out of the bunker right now. He’s about to admit to himself that maybe Sam was right about the whole ‘jogging is good for you’ thing, but that’s a bridge too far.
Saying “No, Dean,” is painful, but it’s what needs to happen. “Get some rest. Talk to me in the morning.”
for Dean, and how he’s sorry for being a dumbass today, all the times he’s been a dumbass before, and all the times he’ll be a dumbass in the future. As it stands, the best he can do is “Yeah. My sourdough is better than his, anyways,” pop in a cassette, and start the long drive back home.
As he parked his car in the strip mall and walked up to the front door of
“Yeah man, I’ll be there in a few da-- DEAN! What the fuck? We
Honestly, it’s kind of a kitschy eyesore. Then again, their whole house is a kitschy eyesore. He’s staring at the bee boxes from the inside of a pastel yellow kitchen with a goddamn herb garden in the windowsill and pothos vines hanging down from the ceiling. Their living room has one of those stupid “Live Laugh Love” wooden signs in it.
“You sure?” She asks. He hasn’t asked her to cover for him since Liam broke up with him a year ago, and
And because Cas has always been way too good to him, that’s enough.
Castiel thought he understood the concepts of pain, neglect, and wrath; God, even if he was Father of all, was never going to be a contender for Father of the Year. The things He let occur in His name alone… not to mention the things He actively
“Am I doing something wrong?” Castiel finishes wiping the blade off, then studies Dean’s face. “You were hurt. Hold still,” and with a flash of white light, the small cut on Dean’s cheek closes up, the skin good as new. Guess he wasn’t lying about the angel thing. And the way Dean lets him get close… he doesn’t even let his own brother live out of his pockets like that. Which has to mean one thing.
Claire takes out her phone and shows him a list. As they plan a garden together, Dean thinks he can breathe easier. Or maybe it’s just the breeze.
Marie
“Cas,
Maybe having a half-angel baby won’t be so bad.
He didn’t get a reply, but that didn’t matter, since Castiel did the same thing to the right side of his crack as he did to the left. This time, Dean was somewhat more prepared for the pain, getting through it with a manly grunt instead of a slasher chick scream.
“That’s a nice compliment,” Castiel said mildly, because he was a sadist who wanted nothing more than to see Dean humiliated and in pain. “How are you feeling?” he asked Dean as he threw the waxing strip into a small trashcan beneath the sink and got more wax.
All that to say that he’s spent three weeks holed up in his shed-turned-workshop, melting down those crowbars and making Cas a bouquet of metal roses. They can’t have real roses because they’re ‘a drain on the soil, Dean, and they need so much fertilizer, especially if you want them to look showroom-quality,’ but the metal ones don’t need soil.
Because she’ll get yelled at by her manager if she doesn’t say so, Carla replies with, “We’re also doing endless cheesy potato skins this month. They come with bacon bits and sour cream.”
“You’re the best, Carla! And Sam, that’s
“Stop making him make fun of me.”
“Don’t be a homophobe, Sammy,” Dean says, because ever since he ‘discovered’ homophobia jokes, he’s been a jackass about it.
, there’s too much suffering in them.”
Great. So he was getting out-couraged by corsage-wearing 17 year-olds named Becky.
Trying to talk to the man he saved from eternal damnation goes terribly. He doesn’t have his vessel on-hand, so he tries the technology in the gas station, which only seems to frighten Dean into taking anti-demonic precautions.
. “Shaving. My hand slipped.”
Sam knows he’s not telling him the whole truth, but he knows Dean well enough to not push the issue. “Do you… want a bandaid?”
“No, no, nothing like that. Have you met Cas?”
“No, I didn’t use salt this time, I used what was in the sugar jar,” Cas says, and it's then he remembers that because his baby brother is both five years old and in his forties at the same time, he’s currently in a prank war. And it was his turn to get pranked.
“Dean, are you okay?” Cas wriggles out of his arms, turns to look him in the eyes. But something’s
distressing stray lines of thinking that he’s had since bringing Dean back to life. And it’s why he hesitates and throws a few lightning bolts their way before he reveals himself.
“Did you bake bread today? I thought Tuesdays were bread days.” And Cas is right. Tuesdays
drunk, and you need to sleep it off.
Jack gurgles a little from his bassinet, and Dean picks him up and, without thinking, hands him to Claire, whose hair he automatically grabs in one chubby hand and
“What if I can’t say it in the morning?”
He shoots Sam as much of a grin as he can manage. “When do I not?” Sam rolls his eyes and heads out to do… whatever he does before a case. All the nerdy crap that he doesn’t have time for.
“Hang-up? Can’t you see she’s doing this just to make me mad? The
Katie checks her phone to see a text from her Melanie, who’s not even supposed to be at work right now, because there was a fucking
“Nah. Chicks dig scars.”
Cole considers himself above stereotypes, but this is bullshit. He’s a fucking
Dean blinks, and there are tears in his eyes
. They get to have the casual PDA she can’t. They get to be free.
Claire’s head snaps up at the sound of his voice, and she drops her shovel, startled. “Nothing. It’s stupid.” Jack sees his big sister and reaches out for her, and she takes him and lets him lie down in the grass so that he can watch her work. “Cas liked plants, right? He was super into gardening? And like, I read online that it’s pretty easy to grow mint and blackberries together, so, here I am.”
bro code, because. I’ll shut up now.”
with the salon’s logo on it.
Cas looks more surprised than anything. “Of course you can, honey, but… Dean,
and having the nerve to be in a profession where he probably sees naked people all day? Probably a massive dick. Yeah, that had to be it, he was probably a total douche, or some sort of serial killer. That’s how Dean could cope with him being hot. Just imagine him murdering people.
“I found you on the kitchen floor, man. I couldn’t feel a pulse. I didn’t know what else to do.”
, Dean, keep it down, Sam’s outside.”
“Of course you can! Marie, you’re always welcome in our home--” Cas starts, and Dean finishes the sentence for him, “--as long as you two crazy kids are in separate bedrooms.” Cas glares at Dean, who's busy giving Marie the world's most condescending smile.
“Yeah, yeah. Great weather. It’s been so rainy lately, I was worried our tomatoes would rot on the vine. Heirlooms, y’know? Super fragile.”
A hand on his shoulder startled him out of his apocalypse scenarios, Castiel’s gravelly voice saying… something. “Yeah, sure, go ahead,” he said, not really sure what he just agreed to. Until a hand on the band of his underwear pulled it down, exposing his hole to God and everyone. “Woah! What the fuck?” he said, jerking forward. He heard Castiel apologize frantically.
The angel in question is currently interrogating him for Crowley’s whereabouts, because the King, Lucifer bless his mangled soul, has gone and pissed off Castiel’s pet humans. Jacob can see past the unassuming vessel that Castiel’s crammed himself into, and look at the light beneath. It hurts his eyes to stare at it for too long, and he really, really does not like how there’s no mouth but hundreds of eyes and hands on that thing. Their unfeeling gaze bores into him, and if he had any humanity left, he’d start repenting for sins he didn’t even commit.
“You know, my husband and I make our own honey, I could grab a jar from our car if you’d like to try some? In exchange for the bread.” And with that, Cas is off, leaving Dean and Isaiah to stare at each other. He takes it back, this day has topped all forty years of Hell torture.
“I’m the one who gripped you tight and raised and raised you from perdition.”
“Save it, Mr. August 1995. It took me a whole weekend to get the lavender oil smell out of this room. Now eat something, and where’s that brother of yours?”
After the first one, they multiply. One becomes two becomes four becomes eight entire bee boxes in their backyard in the span of a few months, buzzing away and making more honey than they know what to do with. They make a horribly mismatched set; the one Dean got him is made of a light pine wood, and the rest of them, salvaged from retiring beekeepers across the Midwest, are either a darker cedar or fir, or a muted pastel from a faded paint job.
“Hey there, handsome, what can I get for you?”
Dean almost flipped him off, but thought better of it, hopping down from the table and putting his clothes back on. “It wasn’t too bad. Do you get a lot of guys in for this kind of stuff?” Great, Dean. Small talk. Because that’s what you do when a guy waxes your asshole and then effectively lubes you up.
Ten hours later, he’s glad that Jack is asleep in his crib, because his hands won’t stop fucking shaking.
She suppresses her urge to roll her eyes, pitches her voice a half-octave higher, plasters on a smile, and says “Yep! Right this way, Mr. Winchester!”
Half an hour after that, he wakes up, covered in sweat, calling out for Cas, frantically scanning the ceiling for dead bodies and fire. So sleep is a no-go, then. Fan-friggin-tastic, just what he needs. In lieu of anything else to do, because even he can admit that he’d be no good at looking up cases right now, he heads to Jack’s makeshift nursery, right next to his room.
, Marie is so
“I will do all in my power to serve Him dutifully,” he recites. Anna smiles at him and musses his hair.
Then, while Dean is busy navigating to the nearest town, he gets a hold of himself. His purpose is whatever God says his purpose is. If it is to protect Dean Winchester? So be it. If it is to destroy him…
Dean obliges, then takes a seat on her floral couch, the exact same spot he used to sit when he was waiting for his father to come back from a hunt. And do other things. “You remember the last time you were here on that couch?” She asks him, and he has the decency to look embarrassed. He remembers.
Jack keeps crying, so he takes it as a yes. He shoves down the burgeoning terror and does his job.
Also, as if they’re
“Is that Vonnegut? Again? Babe, not that I don’t want him appreciating the classics, but c’mon, you keep that up, he’ll be a mini Sam. No way in hell am I dealing with that.” He heads over to the rocking chair next to the crib and drags his husband up for a kiss, fiddling with the silver band around his ring finger.
, his brain tells him, and he shoves that particular thought out of his head immediately. He adjusts his arms so he can hold Jack with one hand and a bottle in the other.
Cas comes back right before Dean starts a physical fight over tomato varieties, holding one of their little mason jars full of honey to give to Isaiah. “We’ll see you next week, Isaiah, save us a rye loaf!” he says as he hands it over. Before he can commit a homicide, Cas tugs them over to another vendor, who is thankfully
phrasing he used, but he might as well have). So Dean picks a weekend to go pick out paint colors.
“What?” Dean takes the bottle from Sam and walks back to the mirror. The cut’s gone, no scars, no lingering pain. Not even any dried blood. “Huh. I guess he did.”
Jack, without looking up, says “nope!” and keeps working on his own project. Dean can’t help but laugh at that; he’s so damn proud of that kid. Cas gets his revenge, though, when he gives Dean a shove and leaves a bright pink paint handprint on his shoulder. Asshole.
Burning out the eyes of demonic vessels is immensely less shameful than burning out the eyes of an innocent but persistent psychic. Disgusting, fetid creatures.
while he puts the flowers Dean got him in a vase… six years and it’s still unbelievable. It’s perfect.
“Yeah, sure. And uh, Dean? I’m proud of you. If that means anything.”
“Is there anything else I can do for him? Or, better yet, anyone else more equipped for this task? I can barely stand looking at these… these
“Aww, c’mon Carls, we’ve been comin’ to this joint for how many years now? You gotta call me Dean! I promise Cas won’t get mad, will you, sweetheart?” He turns to his husband, Tax Lawyer, who must also be sick of this song-and-dance routine after two years, because he rolls his eyes and goes back to chatting with Hot Lady, switching between ASL and speaking. Fuckface McGee doesn’t look phased at all, he just takes a seat at their corner booth like he owns it. “He loves me, he’s just bad at showing it. Get us a round of mozzarella sticks and our usuals to start?”
But still, there’s no boyfriend in sight, so he keeps going. Maybe it was a ruse.
bring up with his therapist, is watching his husband get eye-fucked by every damn vendor at this stupid farmers’ market.
“Uh huh. Just... take care of yourself, alright?”
“Did you leave your manners up in Heaven or something?” She drops the gun, but still eyes him warily.
“This is different! I just don’t like it when the house is messy--”
“Dean, control yourself, we’re in public,” Tax accountant says, giving Fuckface McGee a kiss on the cheek. It’d be sweet if the four of them weren’t all so insane and annoying.
gonna sleep in separate bedrooms. Dean is such a clown.
“Alright, Garth. Take care.” They both hang up, and Sam gets up to grab something, anything, to disinfect the table with. When he comes back, he hears it. And he knows that out of everything he’s witnessed since he hopped into the Impala back in 2005 with Dean, this is the one thing that’ll haunt him for the rest of his life.
have some, you’re a terrible vegan.”
“Yeah, and
“Cas?” He turns around, tears welling up in his eyes, but there’s no one there. He’s alone. He’s going to be alone for all of it from now on. Sam doesn’t get it, what taking care of a kid is like. Garth might, and Jody definitely does, but they’re busy with their own kids.
“Alright Dr. Phil, go do your stupid case. Me and Junior here are gonna hang out, ain’t that right, buddy?” He bounces Jack up and down a bit, which makes him fuss and give Dean’s bicep a smack with one tiny, uncoordinated hand.
Cas walks outside to join them, holding two glasses of lemonade, and Dean accepts, taking a gulp before gagging and coughing it up. “Did you finally decide to poison me or somethin’? What the hell is this?”
Their wedding party is small; Sam is Dean’s best man, and Hannah is Castiel’s. Garth, Charlie, and a few demons that Crowley insisted on inviting as ‘payment’ are on Dean’s side of the aisle, and a couple of angels are on his, with a scattering of goths and libertarians that happened to be in the temple that day as well. He suspects that they’re mostly there for the food.
“Trust me, I’ve seen plenty. You’ve got a lot of virtues, but chastity’s never been one of them.”
“Dean Winchester! It has been too long! Come in, come in, I got coconut cake, iced tea, and some info on the coven that’s in the next town over. I could use a hand finishing off all three.” She ushers him inside, trusting that Sam will follow. She has a lot of catching up to do with those two.
Dean reaches for him, and kisses him. Castiel pulls away almost immediately, recoiling in shock.
He’s pulled out of his fantasy where he’s stabbing Isaiah with his own serrated bread knife (that isn’t even a Wüsthof, it’s fucking amateur hour here at the Lebanon farmers’ market, it’s a Victorinox, they’re not even in the top ten knife brands according to every housekeeping magazine he’s read, take
Isaiah) when Cas starts talking again.
When he gives Jack his nightly “I love you,” and steps outside, Dean shuts the nursery door.
“I think it’s fine. Jack, sweetheart, take off the beekeeper suit if you’re not outside!”
Sitting out in the backyard, tarp on the ground and bees surrounding them, Jack dips his hand into the paint and gives their mint-green box a few more pink handprints before doing his best Jackson Pollock impersonation with the purple and blue. Dean’s been working on his magnum opus - the yellow box - all afternoon, and it’s almost done: he’s covered the whole thing in hexagons to look like honeycomb. Cas is gonna
“My name is Castiel, Mrs. Keaton, I’m an angel of the Lord. Dean, I need to clean my angel blade.” And with that, ‘Castiel’ takes out a long, silver knife covered in the same dark blood as on his coat, and wipes it on Dean’s t-shirt. Well, what can she say to that?
And this guy - Clarence? No, his name tag said ‘Castiel,’ what the fuck kind of a name is Castiel? - was hot. Stacked as fuck, biceps and thighs straining against his tight little scrubs like he
“Scale of one to ten, how mad would you be if Jack and I gave your bee boxes a paint job?”
He sets the last empty bottle down on the counter, turns to face his brother. “Yeah, you should take this one. Say hi to Claire for me?”
The first thing Castiel notices about Dean Winchester’s soul is that it’s
It dawns on him, then, the prospect of twenty more years of taking care of Jack. He wouldn’t be a baby forever, thank fuck, but still. He has a
He truly does not mean to harm Pamela Barnes at all, but she is insistent on seeing him. She has him gripped and will not let him go, and he
“What? No, it’s not like that. I was fine with the girls, more than fine, but uh. Cas and I are. We have a. Cas, you tell her.”
“You sound fried as hell, man. Get some rest, and meet me in Akron, alright?”
“I’m well, thank you, sister. But…”
“Deborah! Stop it, we’re both married! What would your husband think?” Cas laughs, and Deborah, the bitch, winks at him and asks if he wants ‘the usual,’ which turns out to be mint, sage, basil, tarragon, and a little weed. Of course.
, and Dean is treating him like… like one of those grotesque mutations? He calms himself; Dean doesn’t know any better. When he has his vessel, he can explain, and Dean will be grateful, and then.
to his children when they held His attention long enough to invoke ire. But this is different.
“Dean, you are… the most thoughtful, wonderful man I know,” Cas tells him, taking off the veil and leaning in to kiss him. “Happy six years, honeybee.”
“Hey angel, happy anniversary.” He’ll never get tired of Cas’ soft smile whenever Dean gets him something. He got the same smile from him last week when he got Jack a deck of old Pokemon cards from a yard sale. He hands him the bouquet, and even with the mesh veil in the way, he can see Cas’ eyes go misty.
He heads out to his car and takes himself to his apartment. What a disaster. Time to go drown himself in cookie dough ice cream and New Girl reruns. And maybe re-download Grindr and try to find someone with green eyes.
He visits every day, when he can. Sometimes his work sneaks up on him; Sam doesn’t want him out on cases yet, and he doesn’t want to leave Jack with anyone, so he’s on research duty, and he’s not dumb, but he’s not Sam. But for the most part, he gets to see Cas every day.
Year six sneaks up on them quicker than it has any right to. Over half a decade. Jack is in 4th grade now, he’ll be headed to middle school sooner rather than later. Dean’s buddies at the garage have long since stopped making fun of him for how whipped he is (and so what if he’s whipped? Sue him, he’s married to a literal angel). Jesus Christ, six years.
Castiel pulled Dean’s underwear back over his ass, and God must have really had it out for Dean that day, because this guy had the nerve to say, “I hope I made your first time very special.”
Dean hesitated. What do guys like? Fuck, he should’ve asked Lisa what her new boyfriend’s favorite Bath and Body Works smell is before coming in. “Lemon verbena works,” he said, figuring that roses would be too girly.
He’s home.
place. The walls are grey concrete, the same as the floors, and the white crib looks like a little jail cell. The small yellow night-light that Sam managed to snag from somewhere doesn’t make the room look cozy at all, instead it casts these menacing shadows all over the place. If Dean was a baby, he’s pretty sure he’d hate this room.
Dean needs time. A night’s sleep at least.
“Usually it’s only the prospective prom queens that are this nervous about someone seeing their body hair.”
“Then who the hell--” she cuts herself off as the dictionary definition of Tax Lawyer walks into her living room, trenchcoat and button-up splattered with dark blood. She draws one of the guns she keeps under her seat cushions, points it at that
“What’s with the party?” He manages to rasp out, and Sam snort-laughs, wiping at his red-rimmed eyes.
“I’m not
“What? How? This is the first time you’ve even been here!” She met Marie online through Twitter: they’re both into true crime (
Jacob Sadlowski was a waste of a man who peaked in high school, got an AA in “sports communications” from his hometown’s community college, and sold his soul so that he could get promoted to assistant football coach back in ‘97. He’s a pretty generic meatsuit as all things go, perfectly disposable and able to protect the demon inside him from basic threats. The thin layer of security offered by his flesh doesn’t make it any less terrifying to witness an angel’s true form.
Jack starts crying again, and it’s the only thing that snaps him out of his spiral. Jesus, are his hands still shaking?
Once they’re back in the car, Dean waits approximately two seconds before kissing Cas breathless.
Carla hates being a waitress at this goddamn restaurant. The customers range from rude to straight-up gross, the pay is shitty, and she comes home smelling like a vat of canola oil. Her manager is an asshole, her coworkers are all idiots, and if she has to hear one more Jimmy Buffet song, she’ll die on the spot. She didn’t know it was possible to despise a musician that much, but she does.
They sit there for hours, watching the sun set, only getting up to take care of Jack. When they start seeing lightning bugs coming out, they get back in the Impala and drive back, just as silent as they were when they came.
“Don’t you
There’s no use hiding it, so he nods. He has the spot picked out already, a nice, idyllic little meadow with a brook and windmill and everything, but he hasn’t done it yet, in the hopes that if he doesn’t, that Cas might come back. Now, though, he and Claire stare at each other in silence, Cas’ ashes between them, and he knows in his bones Cas would hate this, that even in death, he can’t have a little peace with his family.
, is that all?” Claire holds Marie’s hand as they stand in front of the two of them, and at least Cas has the decency to look embarrassed at being caught gossiping about them. Dean, on the other hand, just goes all red and grits his teeth. More temper tantrums, here we go.
. Garth, I gotta go.” Sam hangs up and watches helplessly as his brother and Cas scramble to put their pants on and pretend they weren’t trying to bang on top of their main table. God, he needs to move out.
, but his vessel, Jimmy Novak. He’s come too far to ruin this mission by blinding Dean with his true form.
harder
It’s agonizing.
Sam hesitates. “Well… I think Jody and I can handle this one. You seem busy.”
, thought Dean.
“Don’t kill uncle Sam, he makes banana bread,” Jack says, still concentrating on whatever he’s painting. “Can I use the orange paint, please?”
“What made it stop?”
“Looks like your kid’s a regular Snow White. You’d want a picture of that, right? I’m gonna take a picture.” He snaps one on his phone quickly, and then goes back to watering the alliums. He’s in a good mood today, better than he’s been since the funeral pyre.
No way he’d ever go vengeful. Not on Dean, at least.
“Whatcha thinkin’ about, little buddy?” Jack peers up at him, and Dean doesn’t think he’ll ever get over how blue his eyes are.
A week later, Claire and Jack go with him when he scatters the ashes.
, because he might be shit at remembering doctor’s appointments and wedding registries and how much water is appropriate for forget-me-nots, but he knows what color his husband’s eyes are, and right now, Cas’ eyes are about three shades too light, like they belong to another Winchester that spent a lot of time in a nursery. The room is too warm. Distantly, he hears the tell-tale hitch of breath that says Jack’s about to start crying. “Dean?”
He needs to get a hold of himself. He cannot get attached to a human. What would the rest of the garrison think?
“Come on, it’ll be fun! Jack, back me up on this.” A small part of him has the decency to go “eugh, fun weekend projects with the kid and husband.” He’s a friggin’ soccer mom. All he needs is the 4pm glass of wine and the bad haircut. He even caved and got a minivan two years ago when Jack started ballet lessons.
Sixteen hours after getting back to the bunker, the adrenaline rush of the day finally wears off, and he collapses into bed, falling asleep before he hits the pillow.
By the time she comes back, they’re all laughing about something, and this is the part of her Tuesday that she always hates, because if they’re laughing, she’s about to hear something that’ll scar her for life.
saved up enough money from her part-time blogging job (which, hell yeah, Claire’s dating a
Before she can apologize, Dean speaks up, sounding like he’s in physical pain from having to talk about gay shit like
“Woah, Trish, calm down, this is uh. How do I explain?”
And what if Jack really is a baby forever? He doesn’t know anything about half-archangel babies. Cas is what, four hundred
“Mmhmm.
“You know what, Dean?”
.” Dean leaves, and Castiel trails behind him, all eight of his wings standing on end in annoyance.
The sound of footsteps behind him startles him out of his reverie, and he turns to see - Dean. He looks less rattled, but his eyes are slightly red, and the dark circles underneath them are prominent under the stark lighting.
“Ohmygod,
“Good luck getting that out in the wash,” he says, because Dean does all the laundry too. And just like that, he takes their mostly-full lemonade glasses and heads back inside.
Dean wasn’t nervous, he told himself. This was totally normal, not weird at all. Hell, he’d come out to his
an order. You should be grateful and carry out His word.”
“You know me so well, Carly, I think we’re perfect for each other.” Fuckface McGee bats his eyes at her, and it’s all she can do to not punch him in the face. “Cas, I’m sorry, but I’m leaving you for… hey, is that Claire you’re texting? Tell her and Jack that I said hi and that she better not be burning the house down.” He gets absorbed in Tax Accountant’s conversation, and she leaves to go grab them their drinks.
Cas grabs his wrist, all but dragging him back into their home. The blowjob comes earlier than expected (and so does he).
It’s one of his most shameful fantasies come to life. Dean asking him to stay. Dean wanting him. The promise of a commitment. But Dean’s not himself - he’s not even a day removed from a monster altering his reality and forcing him to live out Castiel’s death repeatedly. He recalls his own version of this with more clarity than he likes; a sprawling warehouse with thousands of bloodied Deans, all dead at his hands.
Marie, for her part, looks relieved as hell. “Thanks so much, Mr. Winchester, sir. Does this mean I can sleep over?” She looks to Claire hopefully, and she glances over at Cas and Dean. They’re still her dads, they get to decide who stays overnight.
He made the short walk to room 104, which terrifyingly didn’t even have a real door, just a thick, dark teal curtain hanging from a metal rod, and began to take off his clothes. The room was kitted out with a chair in one corner, a small counter with a sink and mirror in another, and a large massage table with one of those wheelie lab stools taking up the rest of it.
that says he’s getting a blowjob tonight. Marriage is fucking awesome.
And then he’s alone in the kitchen with Jack.
“Who are you?” And he nearly replies
“Here we go,” she teases, rolling her eyes fondly.
“What? You asked me to officiate, I’m an ordained priest of the Satanic church and these are our vows!”
Shame is an unfamiliar feeling. He must have learned it from a few dozen of Dean’s memories.
have time for Cas. So don’t get any ideas.”
Tall Asshole elbows Fuckface McGee in the ribs, and Hot Lady says, “Sure, why not, let’s be bad this week!” so it seems like they’ve decided to be adventurous. Great. She looks over at Tax Accountant, who’s busy on his phone doing… something… so she decides that she’ll just come back after her rounds and ask if he wants anything.
Castiel pulled down Dean’s underwear again, the cool air of the salon making his hole clench up, and wheeled himself back to the counter to grab a popsicle stick loaded up with melted wax and a waxing strip. He offered Dean a warm smile, making Dean’s heart flutter a bit, before returning to his position at the foot of the massage table. Staring directly at Dean’s bare ass.
Sam’s footsteps echo down the hallway, stopping in front of his bedroom door. “Dean? Are you okay?”
Jesus Christ, the place looks like a prison compared to Ca-- to
Jack, who like any good third grader, is excited about the prospect of potentially getting to make a mess. “Can we, Dad? Please?” he asks, turning the manipulation level up to 100. Dean couldn’t be more proud.
before asking “Hey, you ever heard of this thing called omegaverse?”
When Castiel was satisfied with his work, he grabbed the lemon verbena oil and spread some between Dean’s cheeks. “It’ll help with any burning sensation,” he promised, and Dean could do nothing but remain in position while an extremely attractive man spread a slick, oily substance near his hole. Jesus Christ. He looked down, humiliated, to find himself… not exactly half-hard but like, a third of the way there.
The next time he blinks, Cas is on the ceiling, and Jack is crying in earnest. The flames spread from Cas’ chest, dripping with blood, the wound angry and fresh, to the walls and floor. His head is pounding, he can’t
So in hindsight, it’s not really a surprise that one minute, he’s warming up another bottle for Jack, and the next, he’s on the ground, vision blurring at the edges.
Cas just stabbed them! All eight demons, dead!” Fuckface McGee looks at Tax Accountant like he wants to bend the guy over the jukebox and ravish him.
Cas pulls away, rolling his eyes fondly. "You’ll live. Sit with me?" They move to the bay window, making a stop by the record player for a second to pop on a little Zeppelin, and look out at their lawn, vivid with wildflowers even in November. It’s been such a damn good year for them. They lie down together, which lets him run his fingers through Cas’ hair and his other arm around his waist, possessive. If Cas thinks he’s a caveman for it, he doesn’t say, just goes along with it and lets Dean kiss him senseless.
“Hey, we don’t need to pick Jack up from his friends’ place until like, 3. You wanna head inside?”
He’s a solid month into it when the alliums he planted near the windmill start to bloom. “I think I finally get why you liked this so much, Cas. It’s hard, and boring a lot of the time, but you get to see all your effort pay off. Claire and I made all of this happen,” he says to the open air. He doesn’t get a response, but Jack gurgles and laughs at something, and when he looks over, he sees a butterfly hovering near him.
the girl murderers, Ted Bundy was stupid), agree that Stranger Things is overrated, and think people who drink La Croix unironically are sick in the head. They’re perfect for each other, and this week is gonna be amazing.
“...Castiel?” she asks again. Oh. He hadn’t answered her question.
He holds Jack carefully, making sure to prop up his head at a comfortable angle, and bounces him gently as he walks around the room. “He’s hungry, go grab a bottle? And heat it up first.” Sam leaves to go do just that, and Dean holds Jack closer.
“Trish, always good to see you! This still a no-shoes house?”
is a Todd County 13 on the 1-10 scale, and he’s shacking up with… an accountant?
Donna sighs, saying “‘Course you are.” He doesn’t know what she means by that. She turns to Sam, walking out of the room with him and Alex. The last thing he hears from her is “You got any more coffee?” before they head down the hall. Claire and Jody stay back.
bed, what a lovely phrase.
“You remember how I told you I used to want to do musical theater? And how I wrote a musical for a book series I was super into and performed it?” She nods. Marie had told her about how she had the cringiest phase back in high school where she got obsessed with these
bread days. He blinks, taking a look around at the pictures and art adorning the room’s pastel yellow walls. Wait.
Sam gives him a disappointed look, but Dean doesn’t really have it in him to care right now. He needs to get it together, and acting like he’s fine is the first step towards being fine. He can hear Jack starting to fuss, so he pushes past Sam and goes to pick him up.
Dean is summoning him. It’s kind of… cute, in a way. Him, his brother, and Robert Singer aim to trap him and question him. It won’t work, none of the figures they’ve drawn are the proper Enochian binding runes, but it’s impressive. Dean never did get credit for how intelligent he is.
Castiel ignores him and changes into his night robe, then helps his lug of a husband get into his sweatpants and t-shirt. The whole time, Dean fights him, grumbling about how Castiel is the worst and how they’re getting a divorce in the morning.
“...name?” Dreamy ‘Castiel’ McHotterson said, bringing Dean out of his stupor. Shit. He had to respond to that.
“...Wow,” she replies, because what else can she say to that? This is such a… one-in-a-billion coincidence! Dean should find this more funny than anything! What’s he freaking out about?
“Cas, that Djinn, it was one of those goddamn offshoots. It made me see you
“I’ll take a whiskey, no ice, and Cas can have whatever comes with a tiny umbrella.” Cas takes a seat next to Dean and scooches the barstool closer, and Dean does the same.
Dean stands on shaky legs, walks over and grabs the outstretched hand, and tugs Cas out of the ground.
The worst part is the fact that he’s alone. Well, he has Jack, but he’s not exactly good company. That doesn’t stop him from hovering near the makeshift-nursery they have set up for him, checking every five seconds if he’s okay. He can’t get enough air in his lungs, it feels like he’s got about eighteen tons of concrete on top of him.
“Oh for the love of… sometimes I regret pulling you out of Hell, you know that?”
He’s about to tell Cas that, when he hears something move behind him.
Dean tries to get up from the bed, and manages to get his feet on the floor, but standing is a whole different battle. He sways dangerously to the side, and steadies himself on the wall, before turning and giving all six of them a patented Dean Winchester Grin™.
It took them a whole month to find the king of Hell, and another two weeks to convince him that no, it wasn’t a trap, they just wanted their wedding officiated and they, in a complete shock, don’t actually know any other priests. And then
They roll into the grass, Cas underneath Dean, and stare at each other, breathless, unsure of what to do with themselves. From beside them, still in his carseat, Jack babbles happily, and Cas gets up in a hurry to finally hold his son.
Cas rolls his eyes. “Oh, for the love of all that is holy, Dean, is that
He walks forward, sparks flying overhead as the light fixtures short out. His face remains impassive, but his powers give away exactly how pleased he is to see Dean. As he comes closer, he circles the man, who looks at him with pure fear.
“No such thing.”
“--and
“Alright, so that’s an order of cheesy potato skins, two frozen margaritas, a light beer, and a diet coke to start?” Always the same. Always the same. Every Tuesday, she’s trapped in her own personal Hell. She should check if she’s been transported to
“Uh, correct me if I’m wrong, but he’s a hunter, right? He helped me back in high school with something. And he and I did
“We can get more, obviously, but you’re so busy with your garden and the PTA and Jack all day, I didn’t know if you’d even want a new hobby--” He feels a little ridiculous, surrounded by Cas’ wildflower garden, carefully cultivated to be vibrant with color despite the lingering winter chill in the middle of February, with a plain wooden box. Maybe he should’ve thrown a coat of paint on it or something. Made it special.
“Cas! What the hell is this?” the Winchester says, and Jacob cranes his neck from where he’s stuck in the Devil’s Trap to see a-- pile of laundry? What kind of new-age psychological soft-torture are they trying on him?
“I always knew that you’d find someone special. Just didn’t think it’d take a literal angel to get you to settle down. Now both of you get to work on this case, I’m about ninety-percent sure that the coven’s base of operation is located
“Do you prefer lemon verbena or vanilla rose?” Castiel asked, turning around to show Dean two bottles of oil, both bottles declaring that they were to be used post-waxing.
It honestly felt… kinda nice, the sudden heat cooling down rapidly into a pleasant warmth---
And the moment he does, he’s changed.
, he thinks to himself, before doing a double-take. When the fuck did his brain get its wires that crossed? Cas doesn’t even stay in the bunker, he goes wherever the hell he wants. And even if he did, he wouldn’t wanna stay in Dean’s room. He’d want his own space, and maybe he’d want Jack to stay with him too.
do that to me again!” She sobs, twisting out of the hug and pounding on his chest with her fists. “Don’t make me go three for three on dead dads!”
want to paint? When you have a conniption fit every time you see crumbs on the floor?”
According to AudreysMomLife.wordpress.com, which he can thank for saving his marriage more than once, the gift for this year is iron. Nick Dunne remains wrong about everything, because
“Cas?” Dean says his name like a peace offering.
Isaiah doesn’t seem fazed at all, though that might just be an intimidation tactic. “Wonderful weather we’re having, huh?” he says, and Dean’s never been one to back down from a challenge.
It’s fine. He’ll get Cas back later tonight when they do the dishes.
is gonna check on his
“Right, that’s it. I’m coming in.”
Even if the thought makes a searing pain flare up in his chest, so be it.
Another wave of shame hits him. What will Dean think of this? Will he be no better than a malevolent spirit in his eyes?
When he wakes up, his head is pounding and his mouth feels like the Sahara desert. It takes him a second to realize where he is (his room, on top of his bed), and who else is there with him (Sam, obviously, but also, bafflingly, Jody, Donna, Alex, and Claire).
“My… dude, c’mon, don’t make me say it,” he hissed, and Cas’ eyes widened in understanding, his eyebrows nearly touching his hairline. Some inscrutable emotion crossed Cas’ face, cutting through the shock, before he responded.
"A lot of patients do thing without noticing when their nervous. It's perfectly alright. And Dean if it makes you feel more comfortable you can call me by my first name, Castiel." Dean liked that. It made Dr. Novak, Castiel, seem more human.
"Dean Winchester for Dr. Novak."
"Hello Dr. Novak. This is Dean Winchester." Ruby introduced Dr. Novak to Dean.
Hi. My name is Ollie. I have bipolar II disorder, the less severe type of bipolar disorder, which is bipolar I. An easy way to explain it is the Serotonin, Norepinephrine, and the Dopamine in the brain does not work correctly. You can read more about it here: How Does Bipolar Disorder Affect The Brain? | PsychPoint. I have been a fan of Supernatural since I was ten. It has helped me during my depression and now I am emotionally attached to it unfortunately. In my opinion Dean is bipolar. I do think he may suffer from bipolar I but since I do not have that type I will be writing him as bipolar II. This note is just in case some people have stereotypes of bipolar disorder because the media does not portray bipolar disorder as it truly is. In many cases it shows bipolar people are unstable and are either “normal” or having a gigantic manic episode. If you are looking for a good representation of bipolar disorder I recommend Ian Gallagher from Shameless. So here are my symptoms for bipolar I from: Bipolar disorder - Symptoms and causes - Mayo Clinic.
"So how was therapy?" Dean stopped eating and put his fork down.
When he opened the door he was surprised to see John Winchester. The man that had hurt his Dean all throughout his childhood ,the man Cas was willing to drag to hell personally. He put on a fake smile.
Cas knew what Dean was doing and decided to play along. "Yeah, John it would be great to catch up with you." He smiled and kissed Dean's temple. John had a look of rage in his eyes and smiled a tight smile.
Some of my personal symptoms that are less known and that I didn't even know about until I was diagnosed
"Burgers and fries." Castiel chuckled at Dean's excitement.
"Blue."
"It's been fine. No wait that's not the right word. Uneventful. That's how it's been." Castiel nodded. He does that a lot.
It looked like he was attempting to make eggs but they were stuck to the pan and brown. Dean coughed and Sam looked up. He smiled at Dean.
"I love you." He pushed him against the doorframe and kissed him with all the passion he could muster. Dean put his arms around Cas's neck and kissed back. When Cas pulled back Dean had a look of pure bliss on his face.
*Major depressive episode
"No. I just like blue." Castiel made a face of understandment.
"Dean I can tell you are hesitant about his whole thing would you feel better if I ask some questions and you answer them?" Dean nodded.
"No problem. Besides I don't trust you with anything involving the kitchen." Dean was referring to the time when Cas had tried to make him a birthday cake and ended up with a fire and an unamused Sam with a fire extinguisher. "Now go brush your teeth while I make breakfast."
*Seeing and Hearing things that are not real ( many of these will be the same thing. For example I used to see black cats and bears and hear tapping on my window late at night)
This is an ongoing work so please be patient. I will try my best to write quickly.
Cas walked to the bathroom while hearing Dean swizzled the butter in the frying pan. He brushed his teeth and was about to walk back to his husband when the doorbell rang.
*Increased activity, energy or agitation
Dean shuffled on his feet for a few moments before talking.
There’s beer in the fridge. He didn’t pour any of that out. He figured Sam would want some, at least, and he’s
, he’d thought that part of him stopped hurting at the thought of Liam’s name and face. Guess he was wrong.
“I… think I should go. I’ve got enough money for a hotel,” Marie says, and oh no, Dean does not get to ruin her first real date and her first real relationship for her just because her girlfriend wrote a crappy play about some crappier books when she was younger. Drastic measures need to be taken.
She can’t stop replaying the video in her head over and over again, though. It’s ridiculous to be jealous of two guys she doesn’t even know that are like twice her age, but she
“I don’t need a shrink,” he says immediately, defensive.
“You’re an ass. Get up, I think I left the oven on or something, I smell smoke.” He takes his eyes off Cas for a sec, staring at the door. It’s white. He could’ve sworn that their house came with dark wood everything. That was part of the charm. When he takes a second look, it’s back to being the stained cedar that Cas fell in love with.
A close second to Hell, and something he
Marriage, a white picket fence… hell, he’s only got around two weeks to go until he can say he’s been six months sober. Having a kid was the best thing to happen to him.
“Uhhh.” Those four years at Stanford and his stint on the mock trial team apparently did nothing for his ability to carry a conversation. And being elected Vice President of the LGBT + Allies Student Union taught him nothing about how to navigate something like this.
This was happening. Suddenly, Dean couldn’t bear to undress any further. He tensed up as Castiel maneuvered around him to plug in the wax warmer, setting it down onto the counter. He opened the cabinet doors below the sink, grabbing a package of wax beads and dropping them into the warmer. Dean tried to crane his neck to see what else Castiel would produce from underneath there.
“And do you, featherbrain, take Squirrel to be your lawfully wedded male wife?”
“Angels are
In that split second, it’s like he’s been doused in ice. His razor slips, leaving a gash across his cheek and streaks of red in his shaving cream, but he doesn’t care.
“I’m sorry, Dean, I should have double-checked. I asked to pull down your underwear so I could start waxing you, is that alright?”
Wait. Stomach? That’s not right.
The idea that he’ll get to watch his son grow up sparks a warm contentedness in his chest. This is what he’s meant to do - raise Jack, be there for him, present and caring in the way that his own father never was. A vision comes to him, of him and Dean seeing Jack off as he goes to his first school dance, and he takes a deep breath to temper the surge of anticipatory joy he feels at the thought.
“You heard me.” He restrains himself from pulling out his bigass knife for emphasis, but just barely.
“Yeah,
It’s times like this when Dean is reminded of why he’s the one that does all the cooking around here. “Did you use the-”
God, he’s sick of crying. “What else grows well with blackberries? Do you know?”
Because Cas has always, unnervingly, been able to see right through him, he responds with “I’m not going to leave you for Isaiah just because he makes decent bread. I love you, Dean, only you.”
Cas hisses, and holy shit, she’s never even heard Dean’s full government name before. Also, Michael? Really? That doesn’t even sound good. And Cas is madder than she’s ever seen him, getting all Fury-of-the-Lord while wearing a robe and fuzzy slippers. It’d be funny if it wasn’t a little scary.
Deep breaths. It’s fine. Two more years of dealing with her dad’s bullshit, and then she’ll have her chance. Her and Mel will get there.
For the second time that night, he tries to get some sleep. This time, he succeeds.
The idea would be chilling if it was anyone else, but… it’s
days at the motel, plus a whole thing of oatmeal packets--”
“My name. Dean. That’s my name, Dean. I said that. What’s yours? Your name, I mean,” he replied. “That kinda rhymed, pretty funny. Ha.”
Suddenly overcome with nerves, he tried to glance back, send a signal to Castiel somehow, to ask
on the planet that I wouldn’t be okay with her having home for the holidays--”
He scrambles to his feet, leaning against the bathroom counter for support, saying “Don’t come in--” just as Sam comes in, looking more tense than he’s ever seen him.
“You spend an hour vacuuming after every movie night--”
Dean followed her gaze, stopping when his eyes landed on - holy fuck. He didn’t think he could do this anymore. Nobody told him the person who was gonna be staring at his asshole for a prolonged period of time would be
Right, don't be a weirdo and bring up porn genres during your asshole-waxing session. “Nevermind, just uh. This position reminds me of that. It’s like a sex thing, don’t worry about it.”
making a second appointment with this guy.
he yelled, feeling the individual hair follicles get ripped out as Castiel swiftly applied and tore off the waxing paper. He dug his hands into the padding of the table and whimpered, tears stinging his eyes. He wasn’t gonna cry while getting his asshole waxed, he
“Goddamn, Deanie. Explains why I could never set you up with a nice girl from around here.”
Castiel - shit, he already knows this guy’s name, it’s on his
Another thing he remembers is the warnings about co-sleeping. Jack’s barely a day old, so that’s out of the question, but… the crib has wheels on it. He could room-share. Just for the night, so he can get to sleep.
Jody smiles. “Honestly? Alex. And then Claire. It’s easier to not be sad when you’ve gotta shuttle the entire JV soccer team back to their homes. And it’s a hell of a lot easier when you also have to keep your other kid from not killing the neighbor’s Rottweiler because she thinks it’s a shapeshifter. And what really helped was having someone to talk to.” She looks at him expectantly.
Cas is in a faded grey AC/DC shirt, a pair of plaid pajama pants, and the fuzzy bee socks Eileen got him last Christmas, and Dean has never been more turned on by someone being fully clothed in his life. And what makes it sexier is that Cas doesn’t even know how hot he looks - he’s just sitting there reading their son-- oh goddammit.
Are you upset she’s dating a… a blogger? You don’t think that’s a real job? Is that it? Help me understand what strange hang-up you have about this!”
When they come downstairs, they find Cas and Dean arguing at the table, which is weird because they never argue, like ever. At least, not where she can see them.
“Just… gimme two minutes. That’s all I want. Two minutes.” and since Castiel has never been able to deny Dean anything, he acquiesces. He steps back, gives Dean the verbal and physical space he needs to collect himself.
The tip of the blade presses into his throat, and just as he starts to say his first Hail Beelzebub, he’s saved. By Castiel’s idiot human boyfriend walking into the room.
Cas gave him another head tilt and a couple more blinks. “Did what look normal?”
“It’s just Cas. Well, Castiel. You know, the angel?” Wait. Has Garth even met Cas yet?
Hot Lady puts up a hand. “I’ve got all of you beat though, did I tell you about the twenty vamps Sam and I got this month? The room was so tiny, their heads were knocking into each other like pool balls.” Another round of laughter.
taken? What’s that saying? Gay people don’t have friends, they have exes they’re on good terms with?
The first thing Dean does when he gets back to the bunker that morning is start pouring their whiskey down the kitchen sink with hands that he forces to not shake. He hasn’t let go of Jack since the funeral pyre, and he looks up at Dean with familiar blue eyes, watching him dump bottle after bottle.
“Couldn’t sleep. Can we talk? Alone?” Dean nods his head at Jack, who’s still fast asleep in Castiel’s arms.
Dean sits down on the bed, and Jody follows suit. “Y’know, when my husband died, I didn’t think I’d ever move on. I stopped caring. I thought, well, what’s the worst that can happen? I die? Good. I’ll get to go wherever he is.”
“Is this…?” she trails off.
“Sure thing, Cas.” Before he left, though, he desperately needed to ask something, just to clear up any remaining jitters. “Hey, this is a weird question--”
His clothes are covered in dirt, his hair is a mess, and the mint and hyssop that he’s been painstakingly maintaining for a month are uprooted, but Dean can’t be bothered to care.
“I was gonna head out today to go scatter them. Some field a little bit from here. You wanna come with?”
“Positive. They seem like they’ll tip well, by the way.”
That particular thought is one of
Sam comes back holding a bottle. “Got breakfast for my favorite nephew-- hey, the cut on your face is gone! Did Jack do that?”
His breathing picks up pace, his heart starts racing. He’s gonna mess this up. Jack’s gonna end up ruined because of him. Somehow, he’s found himself on the floor of his bathroom, unable to get up.
“You know it. Coat off, too.”
isn’t done, so he can’t wash his sheets, and that’ll throw off the entire chores schedule for the week, so do the damn laundry!” Dean shoves the hamper into Castiel’s hands, and Jacob sees the flaming rings around his central eye flare in anger. He wants nothing more than to tell Dean Winchester to shut the hell up before he gets them both killed, but he can’t seem to control his vocal cords.
Castiel is pretty infamous down in Hell. No demon wants to run into
of that, he still can’t sleep.
Anna finds him like that, cross-legged in the grass, clutching the fragment in his hands tightly and staring daggers at it.
“Bedtime, Dean.”
He gives her a weak smile, unable to say anything. He knows what she’s saying is reasonable, but there’s this unshakable sense of needing to do this alone, no matter how much it hurts. It feels right, somehow. Jody must be able to read minds or something, because the next thing she says leaves him rattled.
“Perfect. Now, with this ring, I thee wed, yadda yadda yadda, you may kiss your bride.”
“Crowley.”
, harder, harder, angel, harder!”
“C’mon, Cas! Don’t you wanna see why they call me Mr. August ‘95?
Yeah. He really, really needs to move out. And invest in some brain-bleach while he’s at it.
And then God will give him a new mission and he will move on. Simple.
Jack, who’s still stuck on the idea that grown-ups kissing is the most disgusting thing on the planet, takes off into the house, yelling about cooties. “Are we gonna have to talk to the PTA about that? What the hell’s he learning at that school?” he asks his husband, who shakes his head.
He checks on Jack again, then triple-checks the batteries in the baby monitor. Still fine. The tightness in his chest hasn’t faded one bit, but the restlessness is gone. Instead, he just feels exhausted.
get along.”
He resolves to blame it on sleep deprivation, and checks on Jack again. The kid’s still asleep, even with his little late-night journey, and having him close by soothes some unnamed ache in Dean’s chest.
He tries to lighten the mood with “Come on, guys, I don’t need a nurse. I’m not dead yet!”
“Dean--” he starts, not wanting to lose sight of his son, even for a moment, but Dean shakes his head.
“Well, long story short, the Greek muse Calliope brought the monsters from the play to life and started killing people who didn’t want to see the musical performed, and your dad and his brother killed it.”
For the fifth time that day, Dean passes by Jack’s nursery to find Cas reading to their son. Six months have gone by way too quickly - they started solid foods last week, the kid’s a huge fan of watermelon and corn, but carrots and plums have been a hard sell.
, which doesn’t sound like a real name, and his Blue Hawaii. It’s petty, but he can’t help it. If Cas gets to have Dean, then he gets to pay more for less alcohol. Then, he finds Denise, and asks her to take over Dean and Cas’ tab.
Dean’s been to Hell. It was the worst forty years of his life. Endless torture, the screams of other damned souls echoing around him, Alastair… all things that he wouldn’t wish on his worst enemy. Certainly not things he’s gonna bring up with his therapist, at least not unless Dr. Nguyen gets really chill about a bunch of stuff really quickly.
Muscle memory takes him to the kitchen. Ostensibly, it looks the exact same as it was before, but he knows that if he opens up any cabinet, he’ll see tins upon tins of powdered baby formula, an assortment of bottles, even little jars of baby food and sippy cups for when Jack gets older.
“Do I wanna know how many times you two have done that out here?”
“It’s all good. Dean bring some chick back to your bunker? Really?”
be angry? The wrath of John Winchester was tailored to two people.
“Of course we can. I just need to set Jack down.” Dean trails behind him like a ghost, not saying a word as Castiel goes through Jack’s bedtime routine, instead standing outside the nursery like he’s not welcome inside. Like he didn’t spend months caring for Jack while Castiel was dead.
His husband gives him another kiss before he drags the last plain box towards him, the pink one. “Jack, honeybee, you wanna help me paint this one?” Cas asks their son.
What he wants to say is “I’m fine, now make yourself useful and start cracking eggs for breakfast,” but what comes out is a high-pitched whine.
He’s almost offended. He’s an
“Sam?” He’s been quiet for too long. Fuck. Fuck. Fuck. Say something, Winchester!
than what is currently being asked of him.
Claire’s face contorts into a snarl as she hands Jack to Jody, and that’s when Dean realizes he fucked up. She takes two steps towards him, and he braces himself for a punch--
Great, from potentially-homophobic to hating-her-girlfriend to overprotective weirdo in the span of maybe ten minutes. That’s Dean for you. She gives him an eye-roll, flips him off, and grabs Marie to go show her their room full of cursed objects. Her paranormal blog fans are gonna
You all wish you were me!” and tried to pick a fight with one of Crowley’s guests, so clearly he was in no state to get behind the wheel. Castiel drives them back to the bunker, and carries Dean to their bed.
God’s wrath, though terrifying to the bone, was always somewhat impersonal, a punishment for a collective, and had a sense of inevitability. What did one expect when they spurned Him? For Him to
“Oh! Well, to be honest, I’ve seen much better, but--”
“But… I didn’t die. And instead, I started becoming someone I didn’t like. I was spiraling. Bobby helped, some, but when we lost him… then it just got worse. I stopped going out, stopped talking to people. Just went through the motions.”
