The adrenaline has now given him the shakes and Dean’s knees feel like water. He sinks back to the ground and closes his eyes to combat the dizziness. Shit. That never gets easier. Coming off a spike of terror like that. Few more seconds.
Yeah, maybe God had his reasons for pulling Cas back. But the prayer inked into Dean's skin has something to do with it. Probably. Likely. The spell was solid. Dean has worked enough around magic to know that tugging ache of power.
Dean is happy to oblige and turns them to press Cas against the bathroom door. Dean coaxes his tongue out and sucks it like a piece of candy. That gets a reaction and Cas whines and digs his growing bulge into Dean's hip. The Alpha growls in satisfaction and reaches for the buttons on Cas’ shirt. Together they make quick work of stripping to the waist and that apple pie scent is rising with the smell of gasoline and leather. It's like sitting in the front seat of the Impala in the summer and eating a slice of pie with vanilla ice cream. In other words, Dean’s personal version of heaven.
Maybe all of this story sounds ridiculous but I want you all to know that somewhere in the world, women are being treated exactly like this. In some countries, grown women have to ask permission to work and they are passed like property from man to man.
Dean closes his eyes to stop frantically searching the room for his hidden mate. His senses keep telling him that Omega is near and it keeps tripping him up and it's starting to hurt. He sucks the panties to nurse even one more drop of that flavor down and jacks his cock with hard desperate flicks of his wrist. The narrow span of his pelvis begins to burn and tighten until he shouts for release and the tip of his cock goes completely numb before his aching balls pull up tight and he releases his first orgasm. The size of his knot ballooning bigger than his fist punches a second scream from between his clenched teeth. He knows there will be at least a couple more orgasms and so he trembles his way into the bathroom because there's going to be cum everywhere. Better to finish in the shower. He leaves his pants for last and leans over the sink for a moment to catch his breath. His bare chest is slick with sweat and flushed pink with arousal. He had busted his bottom lip with his teeth while chewing the panties and so his face looks well fucked. Holy shit. This Omega is wrecking him and isn't even here. Carefully he peels the jeans down and rides right through a second orgasm. His wrist had brushed the fat swollen knot and now his bathroom cabinet is painted with Alpha cum. Ok. Shower. He can do this. Leaning into the fantastic water pressure, Dean huffs in the heady sweet scent of his Omega and rubs his fingertips over the hard stretched flesh. So perfect. Here in his home. His Omega had been in this room. Probably whimpering for his cock. She opened her legs for him here. She came so hard that her slick sprayed all over the room. He had watched that sort of porn before. A horny Omega that shot hot fountains of slick out of their hole. She couldn't contain it. It wasn't just soaking her panties. Its hours later and the steam is still flavored with Omega sex. It must have gotten on the floor. The walls? Maybe she came more than once? Fuck. He was going to see it. Soon. He was going to make her shake and come that hard on his tongue. He wanted it on his face and dripping down his chest. He braces for another orgasm. And another. The fifth one feels like he is coming from every single exhausted inch of his body. He has nothing else to give. He is wrung totally empty and whimpers with the sensitivity as his entire body spasms around the mostly dry orgasm. Fuck. Please let it be over. It hurts. Goddamn.
Light glints from the edge of the casket that holds almost all that is left from before. Because what had his life been before all of this? His mother. She was home and education and friend and well, everything. He had only one tether to this earth. Just her. And he resented that. He hated that she swaddled him away from everything and took away his choices. But that is all over now. And he can't resent her now. She is gone and left him with all the lights and the decisions and interviews. He doesn't know if he can do this. It's one thing to say you want your freedom and another to live it. He just wants to go home. He wants to be in the car with his mom. He wants to be happy because they are going to clean Mr. Winchester's house next.
Castiel dips his head to nip at Dean's throat. Scraping blunt teeth over his pulse and sucking hard. Dean squirms at the sensation and Cas tugs his hair again. “I want. I need to show you. Dean, the first time I needed you like this. It was.” Cas stops, unable to put it into words. “I can't describe it. I wanted to bring you in here. This room. I want to show you, Alpha.”
http://www.unwomen.org/en/news/stories/2018/3/compilation-eight-ways-you-can-be-a-womens-rights-advocate
Cas’ bright eyes bounce right back up to Dean’s face in total amazement. It’s not the time or the place for Dean to ask the five hundred questions he has burning the back of his throat, so he fakes a tight smile and nods himself. “I’ll see you soon, Cas. Please tell your mother that I said hello. I don’t want to hold you up. You probably need to get back.”
“Dean, can you come up here? I have a problem.” Cas has barely finished his sentence when already there is a big happy Alpha bouncing up the steps, already eager to help.
Its time. The lights are flooding over him and dipping the entire crowd in black. He tips his head back toward the ceiling, whispers
“There they are.” Cas nods and licks his bitten lips. “Come to me Alpha. Sit on the edge of the tub.”  He scoots back to make room and Dean holds his erection with his palm to keep it from rubbing painfully against the waistband of the red satin panties. Cas kneels between his spread thighs. He tips his head back to look up at Dean. “On that day. I was holding your panties against my mouth and nose. I licked them. I imagined that you were here just like this. Right here.” Cas lowers his head and rubs his nose against the crotch of the panties, nuzzling the Alpha’s hand away and breathing hot against the fabric. “I wanted to show you, Dean. Show you exactly what I wanted that day.” He rolls his bright eyes up “Can I keep going, Alpha?”
“It's none of your business, Sam.” Dean's tone warns that he is stiffening and preparing to shut down the conversation.
His chest aches to look at Dean. It's all a bit much. Castiel is used to dealing with the slow creep of eons trekking across the vast wastelands of the cosmos. He is used to the inching drag of entropy that stretches galaxies like taffy and feeds them to the starving mouths of black holes. It’s all rather different here. There is the furious shining of souls that only flicker for a moment and then they are gone. This one will be gone. In only a moment. So he stops and aches and wonders if it is some punishment or reward. Or both. Humans are the only ones who have confused the whims of God into some sorting algorithm of good and bad. It has never been so binary. “Much madness is divinest Sense to a discerning Eye” Divine sense has escaped Castiel from the moment he left the hard light of heaven. Down in the watery frantic press of living things, the messy weft of madness haunted the unravelling warp of his grace. That grace had faded and buckled and thinned until all the purpose of him spilled out in sloshing doubts. An angel without purpose is some mad little husk that forgets it’s own name and forgets to be sane and forgets to hold on to things like time and space and all the little pieces of matter that matter. This infinitely fragile perfect shining soul had bound itself up in the threads. A mate. A purpose. A reason to be here. But so fragile. Castiel could crush his bones with one flick of his wrist. His life is so short. This reason to remember himself would only be for a moment. What madness is this? What reason? What Divine sense? He searches Dean’s sleeping face for some answers and finds none.
Dean can’t resist the opportunity he has though. He is shameless in wanting this meeting to last longer and to take some small measure forward with his mate. Dean tips his head down, looking at Cas through his lashes and takes a single step forward. “May I scent you, Omega, just to be sure?” Castiel's eyes flare wider for a second and then there is a barely withheld squint that he aims at Dean. He has a feeling that Cas would kick him in the shin if he could. Dean can’t hold back the happy smile in his eyes as he teases his mate silently. Cas was enduring a horribly precarious situation and Dean was taking advantage and inviting him to enjoy the secret they have between them.
Castiel doesn’t stop, those long clever fingers brush down his crack, two middle fingers rubbing and teasing, then framing his hole to either side to stroke and pet until another pulsing twitch clenches him tight and then relaxes and releases a thick stream of slick. Cas gathers the fresh hot mess and uses it to wedge his fingers inside. His back hunches and a long groan echoes over the tiled walls. Two pale digits are pushed to his middle knuckle and he widens his thighs and pops his hips up to make the reach better for himself. The angle must be frustrating but it is fucking beautiful. Cas rocks his hand from side to side, tugging and pulling his hole wider until his fingers can move freely in the slick channel. He sets a very slow and deliberate pumping fingerfuck and Dean can feel his own hips grinding up to match the pace. His stubborn decision not to touch himself is still holding firm but nothing can stop his squirming. Cas digs his fingers deeper and his slick skin shines and his muscles flex to fuck back into it.
“Turn around.” Castiel says in a tone that somehow manages to be asking and commanding at the same time.
As he reached his bedroom though, his steps faltered and he came to a full stop. A wave of pleasure rocked up his spine in answer to the solid wall of scent that smacked him right in the face. Happy Omega. No, this was pleasured Omega. This was sexed up, riled up, horny and wet Omega. This scent might as well have been a tongue tracing his cock from root to tip. This wasn't an Omega that got fucked up here. Nope. The arousal was a single hot chord of need without the final flourish of satisfaction. It was an invitation that made Dean's jaw ache and his cock strain. Holy fuck. That heady vanilla now had cinnamon and apples threading through it. An apple pie topped with vanilla ice cream and hot horny slick sex. Nobody smells this good. Dean draws in quick huffing breaths until the room spins and follows the heady scent all the way into his bathroom. There it hangs hottest. This Omega had scent marked his bathroom. What in holy fuck happened? Scent marking is a sex crime. You can't just break into a house and start masterbating and leaking mating pheremones everywhere. But he had never heard of an Omega doing such a thing outside of overblown crime dramas and romance novels. Its extremely rare for Omegas to even produce the rich mix of heavy pheromones. Mated and mature and extremely rare pairings can make an Omega produce pheromone laced slick. Normal slick isn’t scent marking stuff. It doesn’t leave a lasting print on the walls and floors. Alpha’s are usually the culprits of such territorial behavior. Not random strangers that clean houses.
The distraction gives his heart enough time to slow until Dean makes a break for it. The man makes a small desperate noise and scrambles into a full sprint across the lot. The physical slam of pain when Dean hits the psychic tether snaps his head back and he collapses with a shout. Castiel is immediately at his side, his own vessel ringing like a struck bell and his heart is once again threatening to leap out of his throat. It hurts. All of it hurts and the worst of it is those wide terrified green eyes. Those eyes beg for some relief and Castiel touches Dean’s temple and sends the poor man to the comfort of sleep. The tension in Dean’s body melts and Castiel scoops him up in one easy gliding catch. Dean curls into Castiel’s chest as if he is seeking comfort and warmth from the angel. This close, Castiel cannot miss the absolute perfection of the human’s face. Dean has full pretty lips and a scattering of freckles across his nose. His lashes and hair glint with flashes of gold. There must be some hand of the divine in such a beauty. If Castiel couldn’t feel the earthy pace of blood and bone and the meaty thump of his heart, he might mistake him for an angel.
“Dean, there are too many people working really hard for my court case. So it's going to be awhile before I am available...uh..really. But there is absolutely no way I am going to stay with you for two days without at least mentioning all the sex we could be having in about ten minutes.” Cas is dropping kisses up and down Dean's jaw.
Dean nods and steps back from the doorway. “Yeah. Sure. Sorry, come on in.” He gestures to the living room awkwardly before tucking his hand in his pocket.
Castiel is his mate. Truth. He can wait for the bite. Truth. He missed Cas and doesn't want him to leave. Truth.
At least they are alone. No comments from the peanut gallery. Just the droning haze of cicadas and the distant metallic song of a windchime. Quiet. The silence stretches on and on while Dean waits for it. Whatever “It” might be.
“Ah. The housekeeper took them.” The angel states plainly. He doesn’t elaborate. Only turns back to his comfy ramrod straight posture. As if to say, “Let's just sit here without moving a muscle until the heat death of the universe.”
“Cas, how are you even real? I feel like I'm dreaming. Yesterday you were just the pictures in all the magazines and now you are on my lap.” Dean's heart is slamming in his chest. Cas is offering every single daydream and fantasy all in a couple of hours. He feels dizzy and unreal.
Dean's robotic efforts in the shower takes only minutes and he is quickly donning his oldest pair of sweats and a faded metallica tee shirt. This zombie state lasts until the very second he pulls back the unmade blanket and sheets. The flap of fabric peels back and he is rocked back onto his heels with a drenching flood of Omega sex. A low purring growl is punched from deep inside his chest and he bends at the waist to press his face into the center of the bed. It is still warm! The bed is still holding his Omega's heat. Quickly, he crawls onto the bed and pulls the blanket over himself. He makes a hot cave of trapped scent and reaches to pull his pillow to his suddenly aching chest. His body is already racing to answer the thrumming call and Dean whimpers at the huff of scent that is even rubbed into his pillow. He smooths his palm over the sheets and finds a wide warm wet spot. Here. His mate had been right here. The scent is sex of course, but there is a fullness to it. A ripeness that billows from the cinnamon vanilla musk. His Omega was comforting him. The blankets pressing him on all sides might as well have been warm arms.
“It's because we are a mess, Dean.” Cas jokes back and drags his laughing mate to the kitchen to make 2am food for starving stomachs.
He knows why. It is because that song. It is itching beneath his skin. Dean has always been just a little bit restless, he jittered and tapped and bounced until he could get out there and move. He isn't a sit still kinda guy. This song seems to know that and builds a restless sort of longing to travel and search. Dean isn’t one to believe in subliminal messaging from the government hidden in songs and such. That would be assuming the government is clever and capable. It’s giving too much credit. Soulsongs are just different. They say something about the people that they call to. Not everyone even has one. But his is a winding road. And it’s leading him somewhere.
“There aren’t any towels in here.” Dean points out while steadily creating a puddle behind the door he is peeking around like the shyest wallflower at the party.
“Don't die, Alpha. I’m not done with you.” Cas teases and catches his earlobe with his teeth. “Come here. Kneel right here. I want you to have the best view.” Cas motions to a pillow that has somehow appeared next to the tub. To be fair, Dean had been completely distracted and might not have noticed it. Before he can even think about it, he is kneeling and Cas is towering over him all bathed in candlelight. He looks like some ancient prince or fallen god. So striking and every sharp edge and tight muscle painted in firelight. His eyes glitter as he unfastens his pants and that wild hot scent of Omega rides the air so thick that Dean can almost taste it. It’s a good thing he is kneeling or his knees might have failed him. Then Cas is standing naked and Dean reaches to brush his fingertips over his hip. His Omega presses his long fingers over Dean’s hand, pressing it into his skin for a long moment before he guides it away.
There is a soft shushing swishing sound that opens the song. It's completely drowning his attention. Like something behind a doorway is waiting. Something outside. It beckons. Then a soft rhythmic tapping begins. Footsteps. His footsteps walking to that door. Stepping out. And there is a piano. High repeating melodic trills. Its sunshine. Drenching soaking sunshine. Filtering through the leaves. The music is still so soft. Its building so slow. Keeping that same stepping pace but building more and more layers. A cymbal begins to ride the beat and suddenly he is 15 years old and riding his bike. It's the first time. He is too old for this to be the first time but they hadn't been “made out of money” so he hadn't ever had a bike as a little kid. And he is a little embarrassed but he is excited. The tires make this ticking sound on the road and this song is the wending road he is coasting down. Flying. He is flying and his heart is beating heavy and deep and the sunshine flickers against his long lashes and he flings his arms like wings to fly. That bike. The smell of the hot asphalt. The flickering freedom of floating down the road. He tips his head back and feels his throat close with emotion. He is free. The song grows spare again. It pulls back from all the heavy layers to just be a stomping pulse before starting all over again. Now he is in the Impala. The scent of his baby wraps around him and the road unspools in waves. That same insistent sunlight beams over chrome and drenches the music. The weaving tromp of bass kick measures his breath. Its home. It's the road. Freedom and hope and sunlight. It's pulling him somewhere. This road. It's going someplace where he is welcome. He is sure of it. The soft susurrations of wind over the top of the song presses gentle touches to his face and arms. Every sense is awake and alive.
The DJ had forgotten how lonely that ocean song was. Damn. The first prayer from the praying man had been about feeling this. And here he was, bringing it up again. Shit. Ok. Time to move back into this room. They are all here together feeling the same thing and sharing it all.
Reaching between his legs, Castiel rubs the warm soft fabric of the sheet over his sensitive cock. He had been told his entire life that the thick heavy flesh between his legs is vestigial. This feeling belies that. It's absolutely necessary and the center of his attention now as he fights back a soft whimper and pictures those hands touching him here. Just there. In this warm bed soaked in comfort and pleasure. Castiel gathers the pillow close with his free hand and turns his face into it. Letting soft hungry sounds pour into the muffling press. He huffs in Alpha scent as he tightens his fist and presses his heels against the mattress.
“You said you talked with an eagle and a ball of light.” Those are common manifestations. Aspects. The mind altering substance might cause a  human to see those if they meet one of my kind.
“I saw this chick. She had a tattoo on her wrist. Memorial tattoo. And I thought, shit. That is what I want. Like something on my skin. A memorial tattoo. Had it in the back of my mind.” The hunter takes a long drink of beer as he remembers the tattoo artist.
His beautiful Alpha. Castiel had almost wrecked his life. He won't ever forget his terrified enraged face as Dean was buried beneath a pile of cops. He had done nothing wrong. He had only met Castiel. Dean looked at him like nobody else had before. So full of awe and wonder. It seems like a far away dream really. Had he tricked Dean? He tries so hard to not believe every disgusting accusation thrown toward his designation. But had he? Drugged Dean into the feral protective crazed Alpha that would fight an entire police squad to get to him? Was something wrong with him that made people act so strange around him? Was all this fuss and hype and paranoia about him really based around some fundamental truth? He felt lost. He couldn't know for sure. He couldn't ask his mom. She was dead. And he was left clenching his hand in his coat and trying not to scream in frustration.
There's one thing that he absolutely must leave undone. The laundry. All week long he had pictured all of his warm clothes being held and folded by his sweet smelling Omega. That is what she was doing when she claimed his home. So he leaves it. Maybe she will leave some sign for him there. Maybe she will understand the message that his clean home and waiting laundry means.
He is barely able to gain his feet before there is an almighty crash and the sound of splintering wood. His front door has just been breached and there is the stiff angry bark of law enforcement. Holy fuck.
Jet lag catches Dean and he feels suddenly so exhausted that he lays back on the bed in all of his clothes. His hands still clutch the tickets and his restless dreams can't even make him let them go.
Dean feels like he has just been punched in the chest. He can barely breathe around the shock. “But-” he stutters and loses his words, his feelings of confusion and all these months of pain are suddenly flipped and scrambled. He is so confused.
“Was on a case. On a reservation in North Dakota. Was offered some Peyote once we got it all sorted out. Again. Visions. Saw those wings. Remembered the tattoo. This guy, he says. Hey man, I am a tattoo artist. I will do you right. We were out of it. I spoke to an eagle and a ball of light. It was wild. And I woke up. And there it was. Hurting like a bitch. My entire back was covered with this tattoo. It was perfect. Exactly what I wanted. Felt right.” Dean’s eyes are shining with remembered grief, withheld tears. “And then you were back. And I figured, maybe it worked. Something had. You were dead. Then you weren’t. I didn’t want to break it by asking too many questions.”
Fuck. What he wants is his face buried in this scent when it is fresh from the source. He can’t stop the way his jaw aches all over again. Like the first time. The mouthwatering scent has an oral fixation riding him hard. He wants to taste. Bite. Suck. Lick. He wants anything he can get in his mouth and for now it's the fingers that had rubbed over that wet patch. His hand is scent marked with that special claiming slick. The bed is wet enough that he even has some dampness shining in the webbing between his fingers. So he pops the digits into his pretty mouth and licks between  them before sucking hard. The flavor ramps up his need and his free hand is teasing the base of his cock where already his knot is pulsing with heat and threatening to swell.
“Hell no. Not ever. Dean. You had feelings. Real live human feelings. I think I might be crying here in a minute.”
The tabloid shows a much more candid shot of Castiel walking across the street. He is obviously attempting to hide his identity behind a too large trench coat that flares around his hips and thighs. The headline salaciously tempts the public by announcing “shocking family secrets”. Dean scoffs. It's probably more court transcripts about the custody battle. Everyone and their mom knows the shocking family secrets by now. The tabloid is too late on that headline. Whenever Dean is tempted to wallow in self pity for his own family troubles, he does have the sobering reminder that at least he hadn't been born a Novak.
A warm dry palm wraps around the nape of his neck. Castiel. The scent of him, now crouching in front and slipping that healing grace beneath his skin. His breath touches Dean’s bare shoulder and the intimacy of that, after months and months with so many layers. Bare skin and breath. It’s overwhelming and Dean is afraid to open his eyes and let Castiel see how affected he is.
Castiel feels the amused smirk in this last prayer. The praying man doesn't buy all this innocence but he is enjoying the joke. They both know that the intensity is closer to his real nature. But the praying man is happy to play along and enjoy the youthful bouncing lightness. His apology is accepted and the praying man is laughing a little bit at how Castiel has become suddenly sweet. The crowd is tuning closer and closer to the thrumming hum of his gentle guidance. By the end of this song he can begin to travel. There are places he wants to show the praying man.
It's been three days since Dean had come home to his wrecked bed and he is still humming with contentment. Today is a gorgeous day. There is cold beer. He has the day off work and he gets to fiddle with Baby. His sex on wheels chariot of dreams. He is tucked under her chassis and humming a Led Zepplin tune when the wind shifts. And there is the wild living scent of his Omega. Oh shit. His mate is near. Fuck. He is sweaty and covered in dirt and grease and his heart is trying to escape his chest. Carefully rolling out from beneath the car, his eyes are greeted by a middle aged balding paunchy guy with sprays of greying hair trying valiantly to cling to his shining scalp. Immediately horror dawns and he feels like he needs to go shower. What the fuck? Sexy people smell sexy and surely this is some nightmare! Fighting his rising panic, he eyes some direction to escape and well, hello blue eyes. There is a stunning man moving with such purpose, marching in ground eating strides. Broad shoulders are evident but the rest of his body is swathed in a suit. It's a bit dressed up for a Saturday morning in his neighborhood.  And those blue eyes are intensely pinned directly at him. Oh. He takes another hesitant breath and yes, that apple pie dream is rolling from the gorgeous man. A male Omega. Seriously. It's like discovering a real live unicorn in your back yard. If he could think of a million different scenarios he couldn't have pictured an actual male Omega. I mean, he had taken sex ed with everyone else. They existed of course. But nobody he knew had ever met one. And this one. Cas. Had been in his bed. Only three days ago. Dean feels like his entire world has flipped inside out and somebody is talking but he and Cas have not finished staring at each other. Eventually the hideous bald guy manages to grab his attention.
The room is spinning and the entire city is lit with joy and Dean is back to pushing his fingers through his feathers. Only one more song. Just has to make it through one more song. His last song is a farewell and he nudges just enough exhaustion to let the crowd settle into themselves and leave in a hurry. They all want to go home. They all want to rest and be at peace. They all want to get the fuck out of the club to leave us alone, ok, thank you very much. It's a blatant abuse of his powers but right this minute, he doesn’t care. He needs answers now. The room empties like there is a fire somewhere and the house lights go up and the takedown and cleanup crew filters in. Castiel doesn’t even dare to look at Dean in the full brightness of the room. He knows this isn’t going to be a conversation for the room, so he has to pack his cables and computer and mixer fast. He brushes his fingertips over the nape of Dean’s neck once. Just an assurance that he knows Dean is near and they will leave soon. The man settles as if he understands exactly what the touch had meant. Considering the weirdness of the night, maybe he does.
This song is probably exactly almost Dean's soulsong. If you cant see him riding in the impala while listening to it. Well. You just arent listening hard enough
“Wings.” Castiel says, so close now that Dean could swear he feels the word. “You have wings, Dean.”
Dean immediately shuts up and hopes the angel will continue. They don’t often get to say things that they want. Other than “that candy bar at the next gas n sip” or “to take first shift driving.” The times when Castiel has expressed any personal desires or needs, it has always, always been something for the furtherance of their cause. He wants to win. He wants to get answers. He wants rest.
“What is going on, Benny. Why am I being carted off to jail?” Dean asks, trying to think of anything remotely illegal that he could be tied to.
Taking a deep breath and allowing Castiel to leverage him off the concrete floor, Dean reaches back to dust the ass of his jeans free of hay and dirt. The unexpected brush of fingertips over his hairline makes Dean flinch in surprise. The angel is combing bits of debris from his hair with a frown of concentration. It’s so endearing that Dean stops for a second and catches the edge of Castiel’s coat with his fingertips. When he finally notices that Dean is watching him, Castiel catches his eyes again. Ok. They can’t stand in this barn all day. Dean clears his throat and turns to escape yet another staring contest.
“At your mom's funeral? They were asking about me?” Dean shakes his head. “Assholes. It's a damn funeral.”
It had worked. God had pulled Castiel back. Dean had not prayed to God. He had prayed to Castiel. There was something that influenced the balance of the great ticking intricacy of the universe in the direction of Dean's prayer. Maybe that balance had stood perfectly on edge and the spell/prayer/stubborn will of Dean Winchester had tipped it.
He tries not to fidget or growl with Alpha impatience. He sucks at waiting around. Looking at the magazine rack for some sort of distraction really does underline his shitty ass luck. There on the glossy front page of the tabloids and teen heartthrob and political magazines is not one, not two, but three versions of his mate's face. Pretty blue eyes and ruffled hair and that serious frown. Fuck. He would like just one day. One day that doesn’t remind him of Castiel. Not fucking likely.
The motion seems to pull Cas out of whatever weird zone he had been in. The warm wash of sensation stops and flickers away.
Back to the original point. His resentment of the fact that this was his LAST clean shirt (shut up Sammy, I know I should have used the laundromat like you said. Fuck) And the very last clean shirt is clinging wetly to his chest and smeared with mud and blood and whatever that slimy green shit is. Perfect. It’s going to get all over Baby’s seats. It's going to smell terrible. Cleaning up the mess is going to take forever, and it's all Castiel’s fault.
“Hands to yourself, Alpha. You will distract me. I have something to show you.” He moves with Omega grace and flows down to kneel with his back to Dean, turning his head to catch his eyes for a long moment. Time seems to stop and Dean holds his breath. Then the muscles of Cas’ back and thighs are in motion again. He flows forward and arches his back in one single breathtaking movement.
Dean thinks about Garth and his sweet wife Bess for the rest of the day. It's not like Dean doesn’t believe in soulsongs. In fact, as a kid he had been sold on the idea so much that he had obsessively plunged into a passionate love of music. He listened to hours upon hours of the classics. His taste ran to rock and the truly magnificent roots of blues and Americana. His music was as much a part of his soul as that classic car and his closet full of flannels. As he got older though, pragmatism had set in. It was a lot like Astrological signs or Tarot readings. All very speculative and some folks really obsessed with the implications of every detail in the song they felt resonating in their being. After meeting Garth though, he was encouraged. Not everyone had to be so damn serious and sometimes loving somebody can be as light and silly as “hammertime”.
The striking sensation of Alpha voice settles deep into each of them. Dean has sworn an oath in his true voice. He can truly wait. Until the end of time if need be. The compelling force of Alpha voice is only mild and pushy to others unless they share a familial or mated bond. Speaking the truth to compel another is often shaky and weak. Speaking a personal truth and binding oneself to a compulsion by swearing to live it is the strongest use of Alpha voice. If Dean tried to not live this truth he would suffer compulsion sickness and a fracture of his mind.
Reluctantly, he turns for the door and is almost out of it before he dons his most mischievous smile and lifts the edge of his teeshirt and hooks his thumb to pull down the waistline of his unbelted jeans. A flash of bright blue satin graces his hips and he wings a wink to the completely shocked Omega. “Thought I would match those eyes of yours today.” His voice is dropped a register and his heart is slamming so hard. Castiel's jaw is still hanging open when Dean happily bounces from the room. One riled up Omega makes for a happy Alpha and he went to bed that night with the image of Castiel's smile, his head tilt and squint, but mostly that stunned amazement at the end.
The evidence of his mate's joy has Dean’s heart racing and he reaches into the space between them to find Castiel's resting hand and curl his own around it. “I'm glad you are here, Cas” he says sincerely.
Gabriel watches the tender expression flit across Castiel's features. "He can't be human, Castiel. We are angels. He cannot even see your face without his head exploding. You know we were inoculated. The tuning makes it impossible. There are laws. They were completely destroyed. The nephilim were too dangerous. We can't resonate with them any more. Not for thousands of years now. He cannot be your mate." Gabriel is trying to be gentle, but his words seem to punch into Castiel like fists. His face is etched with worry. Sorrow and confusion radiate from his vessel and his blue eyes shine with sudden tears.
Cas leans back for a moment, uncurling his fingers to slide his palms forward. Cupping Dean's face he asks in total surprise, “You wore my scent?” Dean nods and his face turns pink beneath the scrutiny. It was absolutely an admission that he sometimes acts outside of his designation as well. Alphas do the scent marking and eager Omegas want to wear the scent of their lover. Just the picture of his Alpha rubbing slick onto his pulse points to carry all day long makes his entire body shiver.
So Castiel knows this one embarrassing and beautiful secret and Dean knows a secret about Cas. Whatever horny inspiration that drives Dean to put on pretty things makes Cas lose his fucking mind. The tiny wedge of one secret is enough for this Omega to reveal way way more about himself. The man had gotten off in his bed for fucks sake. There is no comparing the exchange here.
“What?” Dean turns his head to look over his shoulder, brow wrinkling with confusion. “I mean. The artist was a shaman. There was peyote. I don’t. Remember a lot of it.” He swallows and feels the weird vulnerability melting beneath his incredulity. “The enochian. I had that written out. Only gave him the idea of what I wanted. I wasn’t really specific or anything.”
Dean is trying to follow along and feels like he is mostly getting it. “So, if you painted a rock with your grace, it would try to pull the rock toward you?”
It takes them several long minutes to ride down the high. Once the pleasant buzz fades though, Dean’s eyes shine with amusement as he asks, “Castiel, why does every damn important moment for us happen in this fucking bathroom?”
They had tried dance clubs. So many weekends of friggin neon and house imusic. Turns out that the rolling quiet thumping techno really isn’t a huge hit in America. Go figure. Most clubs play house music and DnB and trance and even dubstep. Techno is very urban and underground mostly and Kansas is hardly the place to find that sort of thing. He feels too old and uncomfortable at the clubs. The fact that he even knows all of these terms and styles of electronic music is a little bit embarrassing and kind of exciting. It's been years since he had felt out any new music. He had downloaded all of Angel’s extensive discography and likes maybe half of it. Mostly it's awesome for zoning out while working at the shop or cooking. Its music for relaxing too. He isn’t about to admit that Angel has played him to sleep for almost two weeks now. And if he slips on the headphones and cranks his song all the way up to deal with the plane taking off, well, who is gonna know?
Castiel rubs his face against the pillow to press his scent further into the fabric. Then he cuddles the other pillow to his chest and throat and just rests for a long moment.
Asking an Alpha to submit and be dominated even in private is not the realm of new lovers. They have technically only shared a single night together and Castiel is plowing forward to really deep sexual waters. It's so completely Castiel that Dean can barely catch his breath. He feels like he has been visited by a force of nature.
“Ha! See! You are scared its gonna be true! I am gonna win!” Charlie yells back as she makes her way back to the register.
Castiel makes his call to Meg without much change to their situation. They were still stuck until she could do some damage control and fly out to extract him. It was going to be at least two days. “I am sorry, Dean. The media has your name and I wasn’t thinking clearly. I never wanted to drag you into this.” he pushes his fingers through his hair making his signature tousled locks even messier.
Dean digs the tickets from the side pocket of his duffel. Two boiler room concert tickets to see Angel perform two nights. They hadn't been particularly expensive, but when you factor in the travel and the time off work, this was by far, the absolute limit of what he could afford and what he could risk for this wild leap of faith. He finds himself sitting on the edge of his hotel bed just staring at the tickets and begging them silently.
Wait, that thought was even worse. Why was he suddenly trying to picture Castiel without a shirt? Well, he knew why. But that wasn’t going to be included in his personal inventory of the state of affairs. Nope. That shit was going right back into the closet where he shoved all the ridiculous crap that started bar fights and chick-flick moments.
“Yes, well I just wanted to warn you. Prepare you for the questions they are going to ask.” Cas fiddles with Dean's hand nervously.
Cas is kissing the hot skin of his cheek when he admits his confusion. “Fuck, Cas I dunno if I just came in my pants because that was hot or because you are hot enjoying that.” Cas smiles against his face and curls his hands into Dean's hair. “We can always keep researching, Alpha. I'm quite happy to keep on trying these things. With you. What do you think?” Dean nods and pushes his nose against Cas’ throat. “If it means I get your sexy ass in my lap again, I think I am onboard.”
“I am very sure. He was resonant to the song. His countenance was like nothing I have ever seen before. It was- I can’t. I can’t describe it Gabriel!” Castiel wipes his palms down his face and takes in a few breaths to recover from the remembrance of that bright soul.
Cas of course doesn’t just let this go without comment. He has to crawl slowly over to straddle and then crouch on hands and knees over Dean. He has to slowly lower his body by degrees and watch his Alpha melt into the mattress with pleasure.
“Cas, hey. Cas are you ok?” Dean hesitantly touches his elbow with concern etching his face. He steps closer and dips his head to try to find Castiel’s downturned eyes.
“What do you mean?” Dean asks, feeling more than a little bit worried now. Had he fucked something up? Was something awful about to happen that costs them even more? Had he done something stupid?
His tongue is lapping at Castiel's throat and he is losing control by inches. He could live right here. His face pressed into soft Omega skin. So baby soft. Not like his own skin at all. But the raw heavy scruff at Castiel's jaw is all man. It's a contrast of texture that is goddamn addictive. This fine pretty skin like a woman but wrapped around these sharp angles and tight muscles. It's so fucking perfect. Like Castiel had been crafted just to appeal to every sense he has. Cas reaches up and grips a handful of Deans hair and pulls. He isn't gentle. Its so fucking good that he doesn't even care that a hungry whine escapes his mouth. His knees almost buckle. “Tell me what you need Omega.” he begs. Dean's eyes are blown with lust and he is falling into some hypnotic state.
“I mean, I am going to bend over the side of that tub and masturbate until I cum hard enough to claim everything in this room.”
It is the first tears he has spilled since the day after he left this house. Something inside had hardened and shuttered itself to survive. Every painful moment of leaving his home and his love had been pushed aside to deal with later. He had to remain strong and had to fight. There wasn’t time for tears when the list of duties kept getting longer and longer. He was responsible for the future of his designation and he was being watched. He had lost everything. And he was supposed to keep moving forward. He was so tired. So fucking tired. So Dean held him, rocking gently and rubbing his strong fingers through Castiel’s hair and saying over and over “I’ve got you Cas. Shhhh. I’m here Omega.”
Dean’s eyes widen and his entire face melts from worry to compassion. Immediately he steps forward and without another word, he wraps Castiel into his arms. His big hand cradles Cas’ head and he tips his own to offer his throat. There isn’t a single second of hesitation in his offer to let the Omega draw comfort from his scent. No questions or probing. It’s an impulse that reveals so much about the beautiful Alpha. Cas takes in one soft breath and he can smell the shift in Dean’s scent as his body radiates comfort and shared grief. That breath gets caught in the tightness of his throat and hiccups back as a sob. Suddenly Cas is breaking apart. His fingers cling to the edge of Dean’s teeshirt and he gasps as his heart snaps in two. His throat burns and then he is weeping openly into the curve of Dean’s neck.
“The problem is, I can't seem to clean your house anymore without making...a...big..mess.” Cas crowds Dean until his nose is brushing his jaw. “I could show you, Alpha. Maybe you could help me.”
This man has no idea they are even real or that the DJ can feel what he is doing. He is petting the wings because they are soft and warm and because he is tired and emotionally drained. He is handling them so gently though. Not bending any feathers or tugging hard. Well. Castiel might not mind if he tugged hard. Fuck. He has to stop staring at the man petting his wings. And he can't just keep calling him "the praying man". He also needs an excuse to sweep his wings out of those hot hands because it’s going to make him orgasm in his pants and that is just ridiculous.
Castiel has blurred at the edges with pure inhuman speed. He slams into Dean with the force of a truck, his palms spreading over the hunter’s chest. For a second, Dean is betrayed. Castiel is shoving him into the machine? Pushing him? Wait. Another tick of a second passes and those impossibly strong hands clench, bundling fistfulls of fabric and he yanks. One bone bruising motion that pushes another surprised burst of air from Dean’s mouth. His shirts. All three of them. At once. Yanked unceremoniously into two halves. Castiel shucks him out of his shirts like peeling a banana, allowing the combine to eat the fabric as it will. In a second breathtaking blur, he drives his hot palm into the center of Dean’s back and shoves him ten feet across the building. Dean only sprawled into a heap and thankfully not into a wall. It takes him a few coughing breaths to scrape his road rashed hide from the ground and gain his feet. Castiel has already dismantled the combine with extreme prejudice. His face is set with righteous fury. Goddamn it’s gorgeous. He is gorgeous. Every move is completely efficient and deadly.
Gabriel watches the struggle with amusement. "Oh ho! He did hmm? I have had prayers for thousands of years. The humans direct prayers to me often because they have heard of me. What was on his mind, Castiel?" The archangel smiles as if he already knows.
Cas chuckles and rolls to pin Dean to the mattress. “Mmm. I’m not sure, Dean. You might have to show me again.” His warm hands slip up to press Dean’s biceps and Dean recoils with a sharp surprised gasp.
But it doesn’t change who Castiel is. He is music. He is “holy, holy” around the throne. And tonight he will usher the souls here into simulacrum of heaven. For the next few hours, rapture and the presence of holy will be in this room. He cannot return to heaven. But he can set the ticking twitch of every atom to the frequency of endless joy. Every heart that stands in the vibrating thump of angelic will can wash in grace and feel the lightness of being. A balm and relief. He can lose himself in his purpose again.
The bathroom is dark. Lit by flickering tea candles that Dean hadn't even remembered he owned. By this point, he is used to his bathroom smelling like Omega sex but suddenly this room feels like their secret. Dean reaches for Castiel and the Omega comes eagerly. His soft wild hair catches in the calluses on Dean's hands and he is lifting those bright eyes and warm lips to meet him.
Dean does notice. “pet” he has just been called in that heavy deep dominant voice. It keeps repeating on a loop in his head as Cas pushes his cock to angle into Dean's mouth. The Omega refuses to lift his weight from Dean’ chest, so only the wide wet head of his cock rubs between his lips. Cas rolls his hips forward and it only rubs an inch or so into Dean's mouth. He has to work with what he has. Getting him off with only the tip is going to take every damn trick Dean can think of. So he sets to it. Eagerly he tongues the slit and slurps the drooling pulse of precome. His lips tighten to suckle sweetly and Cas whimpers with pleasure. Those pretty lips puff and redden scarlet as Dean works so hard to make his Omega come. It takes so long that he begins to whine in despair of it ever happening. And all the time that relentless weight is pressing every fluttering breath to shallow sips. He tongues the ropey tether of the frenulum and mouths the sensitive flesh beneath the flaring mushroom tip. Over and over he sucks with hard pressure and soft. He is so long at the task that he loses himself a little. He forgets there is a goal. He is only enjoying the flavor and rhythm of it. Suddenly a wicked muscular twitch and the flooding flavor of cum spurts once. Then there is a hand in his hair and the swollen wet treat is taken away and he almost pouts before he remembers where he is and Cas is groaning hard and his dick is pulsing fatter than ever. Thick hot ropes of come are spilling over his fist and onto Dean’s lips and cheeks and nose. Dean should close his eyes just in case. But he can't. Watching his mate come undone above him is so fucking gorgeous that it's worth risking it. There is spreading heat against his chest and Dean realises that it is slick soaking through the Omega's underwear and slacks and Dean's teeshirt. Three layers and still the slick spreads across his chest.
Dean sways on his feet and Castiel catches his waist with his free hand. That skin heated palm finds the long drape of feathers along Dean’s shoulder as he pulls the hunter back into his arms. Dean tips his head down to steady himself, catch his balance, find his feet. Only, when he looks down, there is Castiel’s bare hand spread over his skin. Strong and wide and unmistakably masculine, but the aquiline delicacy of fine bones and the gentle curve of his palm hold unmistakable careful tenderness. It’s almost unbearable. Dean finds himself wordlessly grateful to be facing away from the angel. There is no telling what the expression on his face might be. Something between tears of relief and stunned hopeful amazement.
It's so much to think about. The praying man had rebuked him soundly for his humanity song. Everyone usually loved that song. Being a part of humanity all striving in flesh and blood to unite. It was a song of humanity triumphant and bonded through music. For the first time, he has to consider how condescending it is to be commenting about this struggle from his own perspective. He isn't human, so he observes from the outside. And for the first time he considers the arrogance of it. The way it distances him from the crowd below. He plays at participating with the human race. He wears this vessel but he stands so unnatural and untouched above them all right now. Until tonight he had toyed and played with people. He had treated them a little bit like food. Something to sustain and keep him tied to this planet. Cattle. Flesh. And now this praying man had roundly chastised him for his pride. He was right. Gabriel had tried to show him. His link would always be tenuous because he wasn't existing as flesh. He was existing as a being that was wearing flesh. It's a very different thing. He isn't sure how though. How can he climb down from his goddamn high horse? Castiel isn't really focusing and almost blindly chooses his next song. His thoughts are jumbled and his hold on the crowd is relaxing. He needs to finish this and go somewhere to think.
The sheets and blankets are warming with his skin and the heat reminds him of the last time he was in this room. He had been sweating and whimpering and so dizzy and horny. This warmth is totally different and yet, there is still the buzzing excitement that is lighting up his skin. He doesn’t have a lot of time. He is buck naked in the bed of his mother's client. It’s risky and his pulse flutters at his throat just knowing what a dirty thing he is doing. He is wallowing in a gorgeous Alpha's bed. He is opening his legs and letting the sheets fall between them to brush against his cock and even closing his thighs around them to feel the fabric bunch and drag along his excited flesh. Curling his toes to hold the sheet and rutting upward digs it further until his balls are seperated and the sheet is flossing between to rub just above his hole. The sensation is every bit as electric as the last time he was lost in this scent. Maybe it's every time. Closing his eyes, he pictures the photo of Mr. Winchester that is pinned to the fridge. The lace of his lashes catching the sun. That bright smile. His hands cupping a plastic cup.
“Whatever you say, Dean.” Sam resists the urge to push or tease. Dean is shit scared for some reason and Sam knows not to tread too close to the truth about that. Dean gives him the name of the song and Sam promises to follow up with whatever he finds. They hang up, but only after one last parting shot. “They called you gorgeous Dean. Like a three legged puppy” He hangs up the phone while still cackling over Dean's enraged shouts.
Castiel's knees almost give as he presses the dirty panties to his face. He didn't mean to pry or to invade Mr. Winchesters private things. Truly. But his entire body betrays him by painting a lewd picture of the Alpha rutting against these panties. Castiel can picture some faceless woman wearing them and his Alpha pushing the head of his cock over and over the soft material. His Alpha. Fuck. Then something occurs to Cas. There is no other scent on these. They had been worn for sex. For sure. But only the Alpha had soaked them. The realization almost buckles Castiel's knees. Fuck. The image changes. Now these soft sweet feminine panties are being worn by the gorgeous Alpha. An embarrassing hungry whine escapes his lips and a goddamn flood of slick suddenly soaks from his aching hole. Fuck.
The Alpha turns to strip down and toss his clothes into the bedroom hamper when he spots the slip of satin laid carefully on the top of the dresser. Propped next to them is a small note.
The ride to the hotel is oddly peaceful. There is a new intimacy that has grown between them but it feels somehow familiar. It is just right. To be together in the fading sunlight as they go about the domestic motions of fast food lines and settling into the hotel for the night. Again, Dean feels some small gratitude to the cosmos for the impeccable timing. This soft new feeling shining beneath his skin is tender and might not survive scrutiny just yet. He is grateful to be alone with Cas.
“Are you alright?” Cas asks, and his thumb sweeps down and back up again. A caress. One that Dean has felt before but never mentioned in hopes that it will happen every time the angel has an excuse to touch him.
Cas pokes him in the stomach and scoffs. “As if I didn’t clean your house for two years! I know all about your bad habits too! Mr. Doesn’t-do-the-dishes”
“Alpha, fuck me. Knot me. So full. Oh fuck. You are so goddamn big. Please. Fill me up with cum. Want you so much pet.” he yelps as once again, Dean pumps his hips and wedges a fingertip inside alongside the fat knot. The stretched hole actually accommodates and Dean slips free again. Castiel has never felt so empty in his life. His body feels carved out and hollowed. Dean rubs his face over the curve of Castiel’s raised ass. Scent marking him. The view is absolutely obscene. Castiel looks wrecked. His abused fuckhole is gaping wide enough for a fist and his thighs shake and tremble as sluggish trails of slick keep soaking down them. His Alpha mounts him a third time, riding that wet channel with hard stabbing thrusts. Pulling the exhausted Omega up onto his lap, Dean snaps his hips upward to drive into him. The blunt hammering fuck is drilling against Cas’ prostate and his cock is stiff and proud with arousal. He is going to come again. Dean slows again and lets the weight of his Omega do the work for them both. Cas sinks further and further down that massive knot as Dean holds as still as he can. Slowly, slowly, his prick is swallowed up by the straining sweating Omega. The final inch of girth pops in and Castiel is coming hard. The knot is mashing his prostate and he trembles and rolls his hips as his dick spurts a feeble little clear come and his ass bears down hard and then pulses around the fat Alpha cock. There is only a few fluttering moments before Dean is following his mate. He comes so hard that lights dance in front of his eyes and his teeth snap and snap. He turns his head into his arm and sinks his teeth there. Biting down until he can taste blood and spilling inside of his lover. His hips pump and pump and it tugs his knot and swirls his cock inside the wet heat until he comes again. And again.
There. The brush of a fingertip. Dean knew where it would land before it ever happened. In the center of his back, between his shoulder blades, tucked in a framing tangle of feathers. Enochian. Castiel’s name is traced there. For life.
Instantly, Castiel flows across the couch to straddle Dean's lap. “Look at me, Alpha. Anything you want from me is ok. There is only you and me behind our closed doors. I am not like some other Omegas. Maybe it is because I’m male. I don't know. I act so strange. Like that news story. A lot of people have told me that it’s wrong. That I won't have a mate because I am too dominant and I keep challenging authority. That I am seeking my emancipation because no Alpha could want somebody like me. I can't sit and be quiet and passive. It's not me, Dean. So tell me, Alpha, please. Do you want me like this? I can smell and feel you excited by looking at me acting not at all like an Omega. But I want to be like that with you too. I keep challenging you today and you keep smelling so fucking good.” Cas presses his forehead against Dean’s and dreads the answer. “I swear it will be our secret” he whispers, begging.
It was so simple. And complex. For Dean to bring him back, he had to say something immutable and true. He had to direct it toward Castiel and had to ask for it. He had to pray. And mean it. In a forever kind of way. A tattoo seemed to be the most permanent declaration he could invent. Carrying his prayer on his skin. His admission of what he needs from whatever it is that causes all things supernatural.
Jeremiah had bitten off more than he can chew. The dumbass didn't know that the human rights advocates had been looking for a test case just like this one for years. It was absolutely perfect. Castiel was intelligent, attractive, stubborn, and wasn't going to stop. His little attempt at grabbing a bullet point on his political fliers had grabbed a lion by the tail. He had expected his nephew to press for his rights in some county courthouse and get smacked on the nose and sent back home. Instead, a herd of activist lawyers with absolutely no other mission in life but to fuck up his had descended from on high and Castiel was heading for the highest court in the country to win his independence.
Then he notices it. The music. There is a heartbeat in it. A steady rolling thump. Holy fuck. His heart is still slow and heavy but it is matching that pace and there is some pulling throb that is tugging at his sternum. Like the song is urging him to move. Fuck.
“Well. This henge. It’s very unique.” Castiel stops completely and Dean can feel his warm forehead drop down to press against his shoulder.
Sam says it was totally their lucky day that Castiel had taken up a suit against his family for emancipation. The kidnapping charge had been solid. Dean would have been on the hook and spent the next five years in prison if the family had not pivoted and decided that pressing the kidnapping charge was damaging to the custody case. Dean was attractive and charming. He was a family man and an alpha. They couldn't look caring and protective of family values and sufficiently concerned about the wellbeing of their Omega while ripping a pillar of the community a new asshole. So they had dropped the charges. Lucky him.
Finally, he has eaten and is wearing his comfy soft sweats and is settled back onto his memory foam mattress with his headphones. “Here goes nothing.” he mutters and clicks the link. The youtube video isn't live. It's just a still image of an album cover and the studio version of the song. He pauses the video after two notes to look at the cover art. It's simple. Plain white with a stretched out wing. Iridescent black feathers. The road so far must have been released as a single because it is written on the cover along with the artist name.
This is how he is going to die. Everything slows down in these moments. Every single time and it always shocks him. Should be used to it now.
But no. Its pitch black. The morning sun isn’t streaming into the room. He isn’t living through another nightmare.
Bobby only yells a little bit when he calls in sick and Dean spends the entire day in bed trying to get the heartbeat thump of that music out of his head. It takes hours to finally sleep, but finally he surrenders and sinks into oblivion and relief.
Suddenly his feet are unglued from the stage and he pushes forward to kneel beside the man. Immediately the tremors stop and the man reaches for him.
Angels are hidden because they don’t even bother trying. The extremely rare visitation had simply done its business and moved on. Unconcerned and unmoved by the power plays and feints and games. Sure, they have their own games now, but that is a corruption. It is a leaking of humanity into the warp of them. Finally. After millenia.
Dean can feel himself start to sweat. He is kneeling a foot away from the hottest vision of his entire life and it's taking every single ounce of his restraint to keep from pouncing. But if he did, this fucking gorgeous sight would be gone and this is what his Omega had asked for. Its slowly making him insane but completely worth it. Cas is panting now, and somehow, even without taking his eyes off of him, Dean has missed when he managed to slip a third finger inside. “So fucking gorgeous, Cas. I had no idea. I couldn’t have imagined anything as hot as you. Shit. I am so hard.” The Omega keens and arches up, head thrown back and stiffens his plunging fingers. His hole is fucked open enough that he can ram the solid bunch of his fingers at a punishing pace. The wet sound of his body taking every thrust is almost as lewd as the sound of Dean’s name rolling off his tongue. He is so soaked that his hand shines all the way up his wrist and little flicks of slick spatter and drip down onto his calves and the bare floor between them.
“Huh?” Dean manages to whimper while trying to simultaneously hide his boner beneath his arm and adjust his underwear to stop cutting into his erection.
"Are you...are you blushing Castiel? Spank my ass and call me Shirley, you are blushing! And I felt your distress. All the way in Beijing. You. Heavens little wind up music box. Feelings huh? What in the world has gotten into you? Does it have something to do with your pet spider monkey there?"
Angel tips back his head and the room seems to freeze in time. Dean can hear his own breath for a second. The anticipation of this moment stretches so tight that Dean clenches his fist. Then the music crashes down over the crowd. The crowd exhales and a shining bright explosion of joy rocks the DJ's head back and he is laughing. White teeth shining and one arm raised. Those enormous wings stretch slowly open and curve inward to embrace the crowd. Shining lines of blue light spill between the feathers. Dean's dick is as astounded as the rest of him and he hardens instantly. Fuck. He is beautiful. So goddamn beautiful. This Angel is completely caught up in the music. His body is vibrating with joy and the crowd is pushing all of it right back at the stage. It feels like waves. Waves of total happiness to be here. Angel is inviting them in. He is introducing himself. Showing himself. It's shockingly intimate. Dean hasn't ever seen anyone this exposed outside of the bedroom. This music is enough to explain Angel. Its enough to listen to it. To know him. It hurts to see him this exposed. Like he has just ripped open his chest and let everyone see the light inside. Dean can't look anymore. He swallows and turns his head and tries to slow his heartbeat. He silently begs the DJ to relieve him.
- naked and on any flat surface. Castiel queues the next song and releases the celebratory blast of undiluted joy. His power swells and the angel's renewed grace flings the song further than the little club.
They fall into silence again and might have stayed there until Dean died of the mix of embarrassment and arousal that has him leaning compliant and aching in Castiel’s embrace. The angel is merciful enough to break the tension with his own rough whisper. “I want to see them.” He says. Which doesn’t make any sense at all.
Castiel flinches mid laugh and feels his face burn as the prayer reminds him that the man is here. The praying one. And he is apparently sensitive as shit. The introduction and first tune of the night is to let the crowd know him and he has to come on pretty strong to reach the less sensitive in the crowd. This man is out there. Seeing him. Seeing him very very well. So well that the prayer was soaked in humiliated arousal. So now Angel is also humilated and aroused. He fumbles for the first time. Ever. In the middle of his first song. And backs off. Way way off. His music turns shy. Flat. Its almost human as he lets himself have a moment to recover. He turns from the decks for a second to snatch a water bottle and sucks down half of it in long gulps. This is. Well. It's exciting. He doesn't ever get real feedback on his sets. I mean, he does. But it's human emotion and it washes over him while belonging to another. This prayer stuff. It shares it. Injects the feeling all into his wings and lights up his vessel. His mind flies over his tracklist. Ok. He is going to switch some stuff around. He has an audience of one. He hopes the man will pray some more. Maybe his music can ask all the right questions. Angel smiles to himself and turns back to the decks to run the transition into something way more laid back. He will send an apology.
“Alpha, please. Please. Its not. It's not exactly the same.” Cas pants and moans and slows his pace to just rock his fingers in and out, his fucked out hole shines in the candlelight. “Take your pants off Alpha. You are wearing them aren’t you?” The Omega turns blazing eyes over his shoulder. Dean can barely process this conversation but he does understand that his mate wants his pants off. He stands on tingling legs, feeling his numb toes begin to wake up. He shucks his pants faster than he ever has in his life.
“Well I did promise you more hugs. Are you going to take advantage of me like that and not be my boyfriend, Cas? I thought you were better than that. And yes. Like I said. Magic. Tattoo” He teases.
“This henge had to be built by somebody who could access the materials. Which. I’m certain a lot of it is my fault.”
“Yeah.” Dean repeats, unable to conjure any more words. No real excuses or explanations come to mind. It’s all cicadas and windchimes. Buzzing white noise and no idea how or what to say.
Dean is rudely slammed into wakefulness. What? Something had startled him awake, but what? He is almost immediately distracted from his inquiry by the sweet warm body curled against his. Castiel. His Omega is sprawled across three quarters of the entire bed. He isn’t at all ashamed of his greedy bed takeover though, he is sleeping peacefully with his head tucked beneath the corner of Dean’s pillow. It's the most adorable thing that Dean has ever seen probably. He feels a warm rush of affection for a moment, then there is a furious loud banging. What the fuck? That is what had jolted him awake. Damn. Who the fuck is banging on the door?
Sam closed his eyes and clasped the palms of his hands together, fingertips resting lightly against his chin.  “Jack,” he prayed.  “Jack, if you can hear me, I need you – Dean needs you.  He’s hurt, real bad.  A djinn got him, and I don’t think he’s going to make it. And I... I can’t...”  Sam broke down and cried,  sobs shaking his entire body.
The lore says to escape a djinn’s spell all you have to do is die by your own hand.  What it doesn’t say is how much it hurts swimming back to a conscious state.
Sam’s finger tapped a smoke darkened circle, all that remained of the final map.  Not an exact address, but enough to go on.  He had it narrowed down to several streets.  He’d check the buildings in the area one by one.  Wherever Dean was, he’d find him.
and if you knew what to look for, a swirl of tattoos flickered into existence on his face, his arms, and down the vee of his casually unbuttoned shirt. His tie unknotted and hanging loose around his neck, he looked like just another businessman grabbing a cold beer after a long and tiring day; perhaps one looking for a little action in this sleazy bar.  His eyes flickered from person to person, a tiny smile betraying sinister intent.   Djinn.  No doubt about it.  An answering smile curved Dean’s lips.  The first in a long time.  He had little to smile about these days.
“Wouldn’t the real Cas want to know these things? Would the real Cas approve of you killing yourself this way?”
“Huh,” Sam said.  “Okay, let’s narrow it down, shall we.”  Quickly, he rifled though the stack of state maps he had at the ready, and laid the Massachusetts one down.
It was a relief not to find his brother strung up here.  On the other hand, it meant finding him would be a challenge.   Sam had found Dean’s wallet and cell phone locked in the Impala’s glove compartment.  Whether Dean had cunningly left it all behind to throw Sam off his trail, or had done so under the influence of a djinn’s poison was a moot point.
When a gentle hand suddenly rested on his shoulder, it startled him so much that his head banged back against the wall.  For a moment, all he could see was stars.  But as his vision cleared and his gaze travelled up a familiar body from feet to face, he thought he must be dreaming.  It couldn’t be... but it was.
He was running out of options.  If the location spell had worked correctly, only two buildings remained for him to search:  a warehouse, and an abandoned motel.  The warehouse was closer, but something in his gut – call it hunter’s instinct – told him it would prove to be another waste of time.  That same instinct told him that Dean, if he was still alive, didn’t have much longer to live.  Time was a luxury neither Winchester could afford.
He ran a quick inventory of his weapons:  a machete in its sheath slung over his shoulder; a vial of dead man’s blood in a jacket pocket; a silver knife clipped to his belt; silver bullets in the gun he carried, each and every silver item coated in lamb’s blood.  Gun held at the ready, Sam approached the building to better inspect the boards securing the doors and windows.  As expected, they were all firmly nailed in place.  Quietly, he rounded the side of the motel, and peered around the corner.  A glint of sunlight reflecting off metal caught his eye.  There was a car back there, carefully buried beneath a pile of brush – probably the same branches that had been used to sweep the parking lot.
Reluctantly, Dean and Castiel drew apart and helped each other stand; stood staring in each other’s eyes and holding hands, long after the man had vanished from sight.
But, of course, there was an after.  Chuck was defeated.  Jack became the new God:  a better God, who undid all the damage Chuck had caused, and then took off to Heaven.  Bye-bye, Jack.  And, just like that, Team Free Will was back to being just Sam and Dean Winchester: killing monsters, saving people.  And that should have been enough.  It had always been enough.  But, now...
“So my options are death... or death?”  Dean laughed, though there was nothing remotely funny about this dilemma.
“Then why did you spend so much time riding around with me in my car?  I could feel you there, Cas.  Sometimes in the front seat, but mostly in the back.  As if you didn’t want to usurp Sam’s place.”
Time passed, though he had no way of measuring how much.  However long it was, it didn’t seem to matter.  He didn’t get thirsty or hungry or tired.  It was as if the rules governing time and the human body were different here.  It wasn’t exactly suspended animation, because he could still move; he was still aware.  But it certainly was too damned quiet, unnaturally so, just the way The Empty liked it.
A quick inspection determined all the mine shafts were tightly sealed, with no trace of recent activity disturbing them.  Sam admitted to feeling more than a bit relieved at this.  He was not eager to go nosing around dark tunnels, especially without backup.
“I’ll take us somewhere safe.  Another town.  Another state.  Hell, I’ll take us to goddamned Canada if I have to.  I’ll steal a car.  Cover our tracks.  Help you find a new lair.  He’ll never find us – at least not before I croak.  And after I’m dead... you’re free to go.  All I ask is that the dream seems to last a long, long time.  Can you give me that?”
The wait is interminable.  Time is a malicious bitch.  I wonder if I will still be sane when planetary obliteration finally arrives.
“Okay, one last time,”  he said, finally returning to the table, and casting an anxious glance at the sputtering contents of the bowl.  The flame was obviously struggling.  There was little time to spare before it died.  Sam uttered the incantation and held his breath as the remnants of the potion attempted to work their magic.  The fire crept more slowly than it had the previous two times, but the spell held, and the paper eventually burned.
“Fuck,” Dean moaned, blinking his eyes to dispel the remnants of the dream.  He felt as weak as a newborn kitten.  Judging by this, it was obvious some time had passed and the djinn had been enjoying a good feed.
No one can say my Father doesn’t have a sense of humour – or maybe it’s a guilty conscience? Whatever.  In any case, it would appear that the angel Castiel is a Winchester now.  It’s nice to hear something Dean repeatedly told me, something I couldn’t quite bring myself to believe, finally legitimized in print.  Castiel Winchester.  It has a nice ring to it.
” Castiel thundered, not quite in his true voice, but close enough to it that every lightbulb in the room shattered, and a gilt-framed mirror hanging on the wall cracked from side to side.
Darkness surrounded Dean when he opened his eyes, and for a moment, he believed he was still in The Empty, that he had been tricked and lied to.  But the soft
“Jack negotiated my release from The Empty.  Actually, He threatened it with total annihilation, and it wisely agreed to let me go and never come after me again.  Before He brought me here, He explained all that has happened since The Empty took me, and said He thought I would have a better chance of reaching Dean than He would.  Jack was a wonderful son to me, and He is an excellent Father.”  Castiel’s glance fell to the mattress, to the corpse-like body resting there.  “Oh, Dean, Dean,” he sighed.  “What have you done?  This isn’t what I wanted for you.  I didn’t sacrifice myself for this.”
That Dean would indulge in sex did not surprise him; the hunter was a sensual creature who took obvious pleasure in the act. Castiel had long ago resigned himself to that fact; had turned a blind eye to the succession of anonymous women who had shared Dean’s bed over the years. He could even forgive Dean for engaging in sex now, with a male partner, though it stung his pride that Dean could find comfort in another man’s arms, but had never shown the slightest interest in him.  But when the lovers in the hotel bed shifted positions, and the man’s face was fully revealed, Castiel began to quake with righteous indignation.
He was fairly certain it was the total darkness that was the problem, and not his sight, but testing that theory would have to wait. In the meantime, he’d do the best he could under the circumstances.  And so he sat up and began to pat the floor as far as he could reach on either side.  He had come through clinging to Castiel.  It was reasonable to expect that the angel would be somewhere near by.
And no one but God knew of this.  Oh, Sam obviously suspected, but he never once was offered concrete proof.  Dean and I were very circumspect.  We never kissed in public; we rarely touched, except for in moments of great stress, and then a hand on the shoulder sufficed.  Sometimes, our eyes would meet and whole conversations were held that no one else could follow, though I could sense Sam trying to decipher what was being said.  I’m sorry that all too often Sam felt left out, but I will never regret my stolen moments with Dean.
“I thought I’d never see you again.  It was selfish... telling you... that.  But I had to speak my truth to save you.  You have to know that’s the only reason why I’d... embarrass you like that.”
Meal consumed, tray set outside in the hall, Dean and Castiel lounged on the bed trading lazy kisses. Dean could taste strawberries, whipped cream and chocolate syrup, a lovely combination in its own right, but the underlying taste of the angel was what he truly craved, and what his tongue pursued.
“Yeah,” Dean murmured, finally lifting his head and meeting Castiel’s concerned gaze.  “The worst.  I dreamed I lost you.”
“Every time you leave, a little piece of me dies.  One of these days, there’s going to be nothing left of me.  So, if you care for me – if you really, truly care – stop running away.  Stay.  Stay with me.   You think you can never have what you want, but you’ve had it all along. You have me, Cas.  And I want you too.  I’ve just been too afraid to admit it.”
I tell this tale because there is no one else left to do so. No one to contradict my version of the truth. No need, any more, to hide the secret I swore I'd always keep.
His last words were the words I never tired of hearing. “I love you,” spilled from his lips as his soul slipped through my fingers and began its ascent to Heaven.
Castiel withdrew a wallet from another pocket and poked through the contents.  “No...”  He sighed, sending Dean’s hopes plummeting. “But I have a credit card.”
“Maybe not,” Dean conceded.  “But I’d like to wash its memory away – and I have sand in places sand should never be.”
As first kisses went, it was everything Dean had dreamed it could be – even if it wasn’t happening under ideal circumstances.  Unlike the nothingness of The Empty, being back on Earth brought a flood of sensations rushing back.  He was cold, starving and weary.  There was a rock or a piece of driftwood digging into his back... but he wouldn’t have changed a thing.  Candlelit dinners and pretty posies were not his style.  They never had been.  This... this was real.  Castiel was here.  They were alive, uninjured, and together.  And that was more than enough for Dean.
“Then it would appear we have reached an impasse.  Goodbye, Dean.  Let me know when you’re ready to be sent back to where you belong.”
To his credit, the angel didn’t appear overly startled.  Slowly, reluctantly he turned around to face the human. “Hello, Dean,” he said.
There was only one sure way to remove all traces of doubt, and Dean did not hesitate to take it.  Leaning forward, he pressed his lips to the angel’s and poured everything he was feeling into the kiss:   all the hope, all the passion, all the love.  Castiel’s lips parted on a sigh, whether of surprise or contentment Dean couldn’t say, nor did he care. Taking advantage of the opportunity, he deepened the kiss and, moments later, felt the angel respond:  shy licks and gentle nibbles increasing in fervour as his confidence grew; until a fire suddenly ignited in his veins, and he took command of the situation, pressing Dean back down to the sand and thoroughly ravaging his lips.
They rattled around a Bunker that could have housed a small army.  They battled monsters and came away bloodied and weary. Triumphant, but what did that really mean in the end?  There was always another malevolent creature waiting in the wings.  There was always the lonely echo of their footsteps in shadowy halls when they returned ‘home’.  There was no one in the back seat of the Impala to listen to their bickering.  No eyes to meet in the rearview mirror, saying with a glance what could not be put into words.  There was the empty half of a bed in Dean’s room, and emptied bottles lined up on the floor.  He had quite a collection by now.  Bottles of all shapes and sizes and colours.  Crushed cans too, carelessly tossed to a corner of the room. A never ending stream of booze entered his system as he vainly tried to dull the pain that haunted him night and day.
Yeah, he wasn’t proud of knowing that one, and would never admit to Sam that he liked it, but it was a damned catchy tune and so he sang it twice.
Castiel stood close beside him, his chin resting on Dean’s shoulder, as Dean accessed mobile data, and began flipping from website to website on the phone.
Sam’s thoughts turned to their last big hunt, just over four months ago:  vampires, a good-sized nest of them, holed up in an old barn.  Dean’s heart had not been in the fight.  He took stupid chances, taking on two or three vampires at a time.  Pushed back across the room by one of the larger ones, he missed being impaled on a protruding piece of metal by a hair’s breadth.  Instead, the rebar only gouged a trench along his side.  He had resumed the battle with blood seeping from the gash, the coppery scent driving the vampires wild, calling them to the feast, their rabid attention fiercely focused on Dean.
“Yes, I know.” Dean drew a shaky breath, and let it out on a heavy sigh.  “But there’s something I have to do first.  Just in case I don’t make it...”
They were still kissing when Sam crawled back in through the window, his flashlight spotlighting the tender scene.
But I couldn’t stand her pity. I fled.  Returning to the house we’d shared, I packed the few belongings I held of value, and pocketed the keys to the Impala.
The doppelgänger picked up his scattered clothes, and headed for the door.  “I’ll be outside if you need me,” he offered, his blue eyes sad as he looked at Dean.  “Not that I think you will.”
A song guaranteed to make Sam punch him in the arm to shut him up, usually well before there were no more bottles of beer on the wall.  Apparently, The Empty had greater tolerance than his brother did.  Dean sang the song from start to finish a grand total of ninety-nine times.  Pausing only long enough to give a “Whoo-hoo!” of triumph at this most impressive accomplishment, he started singing again.
A flicker of annoyance crossed Gene’s face, but he quickly hid it.  Picking up one of the glasses the bartender had just deposited on the counter, he slid the other towards Dean.  “A pleasure to meet you, Dean.  Can’t say as I’ve seen you here before.”
“Oh, he doesn’t mind.  Do you, Dean?  In fact, why don’t you join us.  You haven’t missed much, we were just getting started.  And I don’t mind sharing, seeing as you’re me – or am I you?”
“It’s always been you, you know,” the doppelgänger told Castiel as he walked past him.  “There’s no need to be jealous.  I’m just a figment of his imagination.  A poor substitute for the one he really wants to be with.”
“Thanks.”  Dean pressed the entry marked ‘Sam’, and waited patiently as the line rang once, twice, and then a third time.
“I guess this is it, Gene.  Time for me to follow my dream.”  Dean sighed.  “Make it a good one, huh?”
“Are we just going to drive forever,” the djinn complained, as Dean took an exit and began to cruise a network of secondary roads.  “Some of us are getting hungry, and that crap you call fast food isn’t much to my liking.”
“Great idea, Cas,” Dean purred.  “Getting naked is good.”  He pushed the trench coat from the angel’s shoulders, and let it slither to the floor.
Dean shifted in the tub, and locked his gaze on his angel’s eyes.  Blue.  The only colour he could still see.
“If you’re sure...” Castiel said uncertainly.  “But I’m driving.  You sit back and get some fluids in you.  I think there’s some Gatorade left in the cooler.”
They travelled hard and fast, switching directions as often as they switched vehicles; taking turns behind the wheel; stopping only when absolutely necessary, and even then not lingering very long.  At a rest stop near Niagara Falls, Dean stared out across the waters to the Canadian side.  It looked like a pretty place to die.  Romantic even.  He snorted, amused that he’d fallen so low as to even contemplate such a chick-flick notion. In the end, practicality won; he decided against risking a border crossing with no passport, and in a stolen vehicle.  Instead, he turned the car back towards Buffalo, then followed U.S. 20 all the way to Boston.
“Yes, Dean.”  Castiel placed a possessive hand on the shoulder he had marked so many years ago, and daringly allowed his other hand to rest on Dean’s bare hip.  He glared at the doppelgänger with narrowed eyes.  “You should go now,” he advised. “Before I forget how to be merciful.”
He had thought kissing fake Castiel was good, but this... he had no words to describe how far beyond good this was.  The taste, the scent, of the real angel enveloped him.  It was the difference of being told what a strawberry is like, and eating one for yourself.  The slight up-tilt of Castiel’s lips, evidence of disbelieving, overwhelming joy, brought an answering smile to Dean’s face. He lingered as long as he possibly could, deepening the kiss, ignoring the fading colours of the dreamworld – until, once again, the only colour remaining in the room was the blue of the angel’s eyes. The look of love Castiel gave him, as Dean ended the kiss, was enough to break his heart in two.  It seduced him, as a siren’s song draws sailors to their death in an unforgiving sea. He could easily die happy in this moment...  But, somehow, he found the strength to step away.
They will remain unread by any eyes but mine.  They will burn in the coming inferno and blow away.  I will sit here and watch them go, as I watched the last ships carry the hopes of humanity off to the stars.  My thoughts and prayers go with them, but I am still bound to Earth. And so I pray for the end of the world to also be the end of me.
Of course Sam chose that moment to jimmy the lock on the door and step inside.  His jaw dropped open in shocked surprise. Whatever he had expected to see, it was certainly not his naked brother and an equally naked angel locked in a passionate embrace.
Dean was... a complicated man.  Some might say broken.  But with me he found a way to repair his damaged life.  He loved me with the whole of his generous heart and beautiful soul.  We loved in all the ways two lovers can come together:  physically, mentally, spiritually.  We made love whenever and wherever we could:  sometimes a furtive, hasty coupling; sometimes leisurely hours of exploration and tenderness that brought us both to the brink of madness.
Castiel placed his hand, still bloodied from when he'd cut it for the warding, on Dean's shoulder:  one touch, one final touch, that seemed to ground him; that was enough to satisfy his craving for something he knew he couldn’t have.
“It’s not my place to say, but if you can get to him in time, I think the evidence will speak for itself.”
“Well, you call me that. And sometimes I call you ‘honey’.  But that doesn’t mean I think you came from a beehive.”
to.  It’s something you should know.” He took a deep, steadying breath.  “I love you, Cas.  I’m so damned in love with you that I can’t live without you.  I’d rather die.”
“I held your hand for three years in The Empty, Cas.  Does that sound like something I’d do if I didn’t reciprocate your feelings?”
Sam had known things were bad in the years since The Empty had claimed Castiel.  He knew how much Dean had cared for the angel.  How much he missed him.  Sam missed him too.  But this...  this went beyond anything he could have imagined.  This was the product of a man teetering on the edge:   hanging onto the cliff of his sanity with bloodied fingertips, not caring if he fell.
So many happy, familiar faces...  Jody, Donna and Claire in a complicated three-way pseudo waltz, Kevin and his mom, Charlie, Adam, Pamela, Missouri, Rufus, Balthazar and too many others to name. He was surrounded by smiles and laughter, people crowding the dance floor, the gentle rumble of dozens of conversations all happening at once...
I can feel the touch of his hand on my shoulder.  The gentle brush of his fingers in my unkempt hair.
“None of your business,” Dean snapped, at the same time that Castiel replied, “This would have been our first time.”
Dean tilted a bottle to his lips and cranked the music up to an ear-splitting level.  And still that voice repeated in his head:
“Just passing through.”  Dean downed his drink in a single swallow, and rapped the glass on the counter to signify he wanted more.  The barkeeper nodded and obliged.  “I’ve been travelling here and there.  Looking for something.”
“Every mile put me closer to you.  I felt you were just around the next bend in the road.  That I’d suddenly see you standing there.  Waiting for me.”
?  Sammy loved it when he was, eh, nine or so. I think he had a thing for Shari Lewis... or possibly Lamb Chop.”
Sam’s eyes burned and his hands shook from exhaustion. He finally gave in and allowed himself an hour or two of sleep at a rest stop just outside of Syracuse.  It was that, or crash the car.  And he knew Dean would never forgive him if any harm came to Baby.  Assuming Dean was still alive to care.
Edging along the building, pausing at each door, each window, to let his fingers tug at the wood barring entrance, he methodically made his way to a corner room.  And yes, there, the wood was loose.  A single nail secured a sheet of plywood at the top, forming a hinge of sorts.  The weight of the wood caused it to gape slightly on one side.  Sam put his eye to the gap and peeked inside.
"I meant to remind you that you are strong" said Castiel, matter-of-factly, after a minute of silence "and, you will pass all of your exams successfully."
When the gang entered Purgatory, they headed straight to the bar. It was what they always did: go to the bar and stay there until a barman payed attention to them (this was difficult, as there were always so many people in there), get drinks, chug them down in one shot and repeat three or four times before going to the dance floor. It was better to get your drinks done in a couple of sittings throughout the night than trying to get the barman’s attention every twenty minutes.
When Dean woke up that morning, he did so with a huge stupid smile on his face. As he went through the motions of his Saturday morning, he caught himself thinking about a particularly funny text Castiel had sent him the night before or about that smile he gave Dean just as he said goodnight. He felt like a teenage girl on her first crush, and as embarrassing as the thought was, he also didn't feel too bad about it either. D was starting to get to know Cas and Dean liked what he was learning. Turned out, the dude was actually just as smart as he seemed and not that much of an asshole, he was just generally oblivious to other people's preconceived notions and expectations about how things were supposed to be, he was kind of innocent, actually.
“Alright, sorry. The ‘Love of his life’” She emphasizes the words with an exaggerated eyebrows raise and Dean groans, rolling his eyes and regretting the moment he let any thoughts about Castiel past his lips.
But Cas didn't know that yet. For now, he drank his vodka, took out his phone and followed the band on Spotify, telling himself he'd give them a chance. See if he liked them enough to buy a ticket.
Well, anything I say can and WILL be used against me so, I’d rather remain silent, thank you very much
, all things considered, he wouldn't mind that much. It was a matter of inches. If Dean dared, he could just...
He goes to the library every day to stay out of his parent’s house, and at night he entertains himself with shitty slam poetry shows in the Village and whatever cheap weed Gabe can get him. He sees his childhood friends every other night, and does his best to walk everywhere instead of taking the subway. If he’s tired enough when he gets home, he won’t check his phone before falling asleep.
He had been fearing that question. Or rather, he had been fearing that it might never come. That Dean didn't care enough about his friendship to ask him to take a class with him again. Because finding each other in the econ class had been a pretty cool coincidence, but the summer was approaching and Cas would need to go back home for three months, and after that... Who knew.
He stared blankly at his phone screen. Yeah, that was him, each and every one of the pictures, smiling or frowning, with other people or alone, in every one there was Castiel. Even the username was ‘Castiel’. There wasn’t much of a description just “Philosophy & Theology student. Talk to me ;)”. It was him. And he had used a winky face what the fuck
Castiel has never seemed so small to Dean. That all-mighty, all wise, asshole he’s been hating all this time because of how he always acts like he’s smarter and better than everyone else in the world. He now looks to Dean like a wounded animal and he can't help but worry. Who
of them. And he had probably seen a couple of their videos on MTV ages ago, when they still played music videos. But he never really got around to
. Dean gulps and stares, licking his lips. Castiel notices and smirks at him as he takes off the cat ears.
After that, they'd spend about 15 minutes in each of Cas' visits catching up about their lives, and then they'd sit down and get some work done. Sometimes, after class they'd agree to go to the coffee place instead, and Dean would smile and Charlie would roll her eyes at him to just declare his love for this guy already. But beautiful blue eyes aside, Dean had never gotten so much done this quickly until the study dates with Cas started. So he actually enjoyed the study sessions, if not only for the pleasure of the company but because in a subconscious attempt to impress Cas, he'd work twice as hard as he usually did and finished his robotics project in a couple of weeks.
He told his parents he was meeting a friend from high school (at least he wasn’t lying to them anymore) and that we’d be back by dinner, before driving off to their usual meeting spot: the ghost town just a few miles away. It was funny how neither of them had to ask where they would be meeting, they just
It didn't make things more interesting. Not that time, nor all the other times Cas decided to pop up and quietly read in Dean's dorm over the following month.
“There’s no one. Not really”, he added, looking at Jesse “Just this dude I like… but, it’s not gonna happen.”
“Oh my God!” the blonde switches to mocking-mode and laughs again. Castiel recognizes the laughter as fake this time. “Hahahaha. Can you imagine…?”
” Dean actually makes a pained noise when he says that last word because seriously the lines of Castiel’s face are just so beautiful and his big puppy eyes and his messy black hair and his fucking everything and, what was he talking about?
Well, they never really got to it. Because even though Castiel never noticed, despite their excessive talking, they never
And so, they stayed up until 2am getting to know each other. They shared childhood stories and talked about their families, and Dean learned Castiel had four brothers -all named after famous Angeles, because “religious parents, remember?”-, who were always fighting. And Dean had told him about Sammy, his genius little brother who was anything but little. He had mentioned his love of classical rock and promised Cas to check out Stravinsky's Firebird. The string of texts kept coming until, finally, fatigue beat them and they fell asleep with a promise to continue later the debate on whether the Les Mis 10th year anniversary concert was better than the 25th year anniversary (which, of course it was because Lea Salonga. And even if Castiel argued that she was also on the 25th, he was wrong because no one could ever beat Ruthie's vocals on Fantine's Arrest, and those were the facts).
“I mean...” she sighed and looked up at him. “He's smart, we know that. So it shouldn't be that difficult for him to guess D's identity... But also there's Daniel... Douglas and then you” Jo added, counting on her fingers and looking pointedly at Dean to make sure she had gotten the names right.
So when I started writing this fic I pictured fourth season Cas. Now I think he's starting to resemble Misha way more than he does Cas but, oh well. Let me know if you think he's too OOC and I'll try to fix it.
The first class after a long weekend is always difficult, what with having to get up early again to a cold dorm room and expired cereal after four days of sleeping ‘til noon and waking up to delicious home-cooked pie and his mother’s smile. So Dean didn’t need the trench-coated asshole sitting beside him being his trench-coated-asshole-y self to make it even more difficult.
. But it’s done. He wipes the lonely tear that dared appear in the corner of his eye, and it’s done.
He hates that she’s right even if she didn’t say a thing because she implied he’s a coward and she’s right and he hates that. Because he is a fucking coward and he’s going to end up being the drunk uncle for Sammy’s kids because he’ll never find someone who wants him for something more than a one-night-stand because, sure, if he wanted to he could find a way to get in Castiel’ pants –because he’s Dean Winchester and he always gets in everybody’s pants if he wants to– but he doesn’t want to do just that. He wants to know things about him and wants to call him Cas and wants to have him whispering in dead languages in his ear and he has never been that close with anyone since Lisa and… that didn’t end up very well, and his self-esteem is beyond fucked up and he just wouldn’t dare to do something about the massive crush he has on Castiel because he’s way out of his league and he’s not going to embarrass himself. Just no.
Castiel hunched his shoulders, slipping his hand in the pockets of his trench coat, trying to make himself smaller, trying to make them stop and forget about him. He did not want to be hearing this conversation.
When Castiel lowers one of his hands to grip Dean's butt and gets away from his lips to start nipping at his neck, Dean can't help the way he moans "Fuck, Cas" into his ear. He's waited months for this. For the firm warmness of those hands gripping him tight, for the softness of Castiel's black hair tangled between his fingers, for the string of kisses and bites and hickeys he's planting from Dean's neck down to his shoulder...
The next week passed to Dean in a haze of coffee, fast-food and conversations with Cas. Midterms were taking a toll on everyone he knew, himself included, but a couple of texts from the cute theology student downstairs always managed to make his days a bit more bearable. They didn't, however, prepare him for the meeting he had with said student to set up the paper they needed to submit on Tuesday. He knew they were meeting with Charlie in his room, and made sure to have it less messy than usual, but between the calculus exams and his robotics project (due to Monday) not working how he wanted it to, he had forgotten until he opened his door to find a pair of blue eyes staring up at him. Dean gulped.
felt more like home than his dorm. Maybe that was why it didn't reflect his personality at all. He never cared to decorate it or make it 'his'. Or maybe, that was the exact reason why it
he also doesn't have too much time to dwell on it because soon Castiel is also taking off his trousers and
Castiel's lips on his cut him off, but they don't surprise him. Not really. He's been expecting this. Not these past few minutes, but his whole life. His dry, anxious lips against Castiel's soft and comforting ones. He's been expecting this. He's been
“Castiel. Philosophy & Theology student. Talk to me ;) 0,1 mi away” read over the Facebook profile picture of one Castiel Novak, not that he had stalked him, he totally hadn’t, but he had seen that picture before,
"I guess it depends on how you translate it, really. It should be something among the lines of 'Take courage, my heart: you have been through worse than this'." he thought for a second before adding "or may be 'Be strong, saith my heart; I am a soldier; I have seen worse sights than this'" he started pointedly at Dean "Yes, that last one might be a better translation."
A tense silence fell upon the group and before Cas could even try to fix it with some quick easy joke he just
"I, um, I'm sorry. I... erm, I thought you" he cuts himself, shakes his head and makes a sign to leave.
So Dean doesn't want him? So what. He's still young and somewhat passable. He can have sex whenever he wants. For example, right now, with this twink whose name he doesn't remember, but who's giving him a blowjob in the club bathroom. He's good at it, if only a little clumsy.
“So, Castiel is a jerk” Dean says, sitting beside Charlie in the bed in Jo Harvelle’s dorm room -where they’re all gathered to watch the season finale of Doctor Sexy- without even saying ‘Hi’ first.
He stares at the screen and for the first time since this whole thing started he can finally admit to himself that he is afraid. He's scared shitless because he hasn’t done any of this shit, not since Jesse. Sure, he liked Lisa but when she cheated on him it was his ego that got hurt, not his heart. He hasn’t actually experienced this feeling, not since high school. Not since
said he was there to read in peace and, however awfully quiet Dean found it, that was exactly what he did in his visits. Dean tried to strike up a conversation with him the first couple of times but grunts and nods were all he got as an answer. So he gave up and settled for watching him instead.
He grabs his jacket, takes his car keys and leaves his phone on the bed. The last thing he needs is to send an even stupid-er text while he's drunk. If he's gonna drown his sorrows, he's gonna do it alone. But just as he opens the door to go drink his imaginary break-up away, he runs into a very real body, standing in front of his doorway, blocking his way.
Well, at least now that you have changed your display picture I don’t feel like I am being hitted on by the whole school.
Heyyy sorry for the late update. Will finish this story soon, I promise! The sexual tension between these two is going to kill me if I don't!
By the time he desperately touches himself while wearing Cas' shirt that he never returned and somehow still smells of the shorter boy's bed, he begins to doubt his control over his feelings and the overall situation. When he cums and cries immediately afterwards, he finally admits to himself that he's gone, that this whole "what's the worst thing that could happen?" thing has finally happened and is getting out of control. But then he gets a text from Cas recommending a new book to him and he smiles. He wipes away the tears, cleans up the mess and hugs the shirt as he imagines its owner is wearing it. God, he is so fucking gone.
The rest of his summer passes in a blurr of dusty library books and sunny afternoons in air-conditioned cafés, drinking almond milk mochaccinos while doing his Russian homework. He still avoids being at home alone as much as he can, and he stays clear of the school Starbucks out of superstition but his favorite drink is still his favorite drink, even if a hot blond isn't ordering it for him.
After a while, and before he realizes it, he himself starts talking. About his own experience with bad relationships. About being used by people. About using people. About Lisa, and Jesse. About his family, and his
“It’s a nightmare for queer people, a total nightmare. Plus, my dad would kill me if...” he cut that train of thought, he didn’t want to think about that right now “No. I’m deleting it for the weekend and when I come back, I’ll download it again.”
They met in the Starbucks on campus and they talked. Or, mostly, Dean talked. Cas doesn’t even remember what he was going on about -it’s been two years, for fuck’s sake, you can’t blame the guy for not remembering these things. But what he
The days bleed into one another and, for a couple of weeks, the only time of day he is sober is during his Russian lessons. Sometimes, not even then.
So he would go out on weekends and use more drugs than his body would forgive him for the next morning, and hook-up with strangers while thinking it was Dean all along. And we would shed a single tear and whip it quickly before Dean looked back at him from the Starbucks line and smiled that beautiful, perfect, smile of his, right before ordering Cas' favorite mocha, which he knew the dark-haired guy liked with almond milk.
"Your room is exactly how I imagined it" Dean says, trying really hard to maintain his voice this low while also smiling.
any of this rather than just noticing it. But he isn’t. And the lonely drop rolls down his cheek, noticed but unfelt. Or, rather, he does feel it. But he's just too high to care.
Dean closes the app and checks his mail to try and calm his nerves down. None of his teachers had sent him anything, so he checks Twitter too. He scrolls down as he waits for his hands to stop shaking.
The ride home was quite pleasant. He had put on a classic rock mixtape on his dad’s old Impala and tried to prepare mentally for what was in store. Lawrence could be the perfect place to get recharged with all the family quality time and that good old small town charm that somehow managed to make the days longer, but at the same time it could be emotionally exhausting, especially with his family. So he relaxed, and sang along to some Kansas as he finally entered Kansas.
The bond between them -that energy and warmth Dean felt whenever he prayed to Cas- was gone too. So he knew it was real. Castiel was gone. For good this time, and there was nothing he could do to bring him back.
-crush while he was openly making out with some chick he didn’t actually had the time to check who was because he was too busy pretending he was not staring at Castiel’s ruffled hair and sallow red lips.
Before leaving, he went visit Charlie and had lunch with her. While they were eating, he decided to check the app one more time before deleting it from his phone because he was going to spend 5 days in Lawrence, and that meant 5 days of having the gossipy and noisy people from his hometown watching every step he took. He couldn’t risk somebody finding out he had that only-for-gay-men app on his phone. Not that he was gay, he was bi, but to his father it was all the same and after that big fight they had during Dean’s senior year in high school, when he briefly dated a guy called Jesse before meeting Lisa… well, that was something he didn’t want to relive. He had played it off as ‘experimenting’ so his parents had let it go, but he knew they wouldn’t accept it if he officially came out to them. At least not his dad, he often wondered what his mom really thought about it, but she never said a thing.
So, he does as Charlie told him and he keeps staring at his back. But when the teacher tells them to form groups for a project and Castiel turns to ask if they can all work together, he doesn’t even try to hide his smile because he can’t believe this incredibly handsome and intelligent man wants to work with him in a project about Ancient Greece and he really doesn’t know much about Ancient Greece, he shouldn’t even be here, like, he didn’t have to take this class but he did, because he’s a weirdo.
The sudden cold he feels when Castiel takes a step back to look at him brings him back to reality and makes him see how he
Once he is finally alone in the elevator, he restes his head against the metallic wall and lets out a breath he didn't know he was holding. He puts his headphones back on. Music has always helped him calm down. He had forgotten to pause the music, and Spotify had continued playing the sountrack album. The song playing now was "Voulez-vous". Seemed fitting for Dean's accelerated heartbeat. He opened his eyes. Did he really just tell Castiel Novak to visit him at his room?
"I mean, you'd get a quiet place to read without freezing yourself and I could use the company, you know? Plus, we could also start working on that Greece-thing project that we have. It'll be like a study date."
So he prays and wishes for it all to be just a nightmare. For Castiel's gentle hand and bright blue eyes to wake him up already.
“Ya think?” she asks, turning to Chuck, leaving Cas out of the conversation, and he mentally thanks her for that.
"Heyyyy!" he smiles, putting his arm around Cas' shoulders, and giving him a kiss on the cheek. "Sorry I took so long, there was a line."
But he is not feeling sad either. To be fair, he is not feeling anything these days. And he vaguely remembers being 16 and the emptiness in his stomach that would not fill. He silently wonders whether that's what he's not-feeling now.
After packing some T-shirts and typing the beginning to some reports he had due next week, Dean finally lay in his bed at midnight and took his phone. He opened the app and created a profile. It had an easy-going layout. It showed you pics of the guys who had it that were near to you and if you wanted to you could talk to them. Some guys talked to him and he had some easy conversations until a weirdo send him a totally-fake-but-not-that-he-looked nude so he closed the app and went to sleep.
“Look. I know you're afraid of... Well, everything. But you need to be honest, Dean. You can't hide behind a letter forever, especially if you really like this guy. If you continue this for too long, it's going to be real hard to make him trust you.”
Dean looks down at himself. He had forgotten about his own naked torso, and the tight jeans started to feel tighter a while ago. "Sure!" he says, still strangely overly confident. "Whatcha got?"
And a part of him still feels sad, even as he tries his best to ignore it. But he's always been some kind of sad, anyway, so it's not like it matters anymore. At least he is reading again and eating three whole meals everyday.
Now, Dean has to laugh out loud at that. Because what on Earth is his life if he single handedly managed to turn Castiel Novak into someone who used words like "tho", "yep" and
He just kisses Castiel and he holds him tight, and he lets himself get lost in the unlikely-ness of his crush actually liking him back, of Cas forgiving him for being a catfishing coward piece of shit, of the wonderfulness of it all.
Dean sent the last text and put his phone on silent mode as he entered the classroom. He felt an adrenaline rush as he sat right behind Castiel, on his usual spot, and tried real hard not to look at the ruffled hair, dark stubble and deep blue eyes, as he passed in front of him. He would have time to entertain himself with his Grindr profile pictures later that night.
Castiel tells him about his relationship to Balthazar. About how they met during Castiel’s freshman year. How smart Balthazar was but how seriously he took the whole ‘tortured artist’ thing. How he and Cas spent most of their time at clubs or orgies with people they didn’t even know.  How Cas had feared for his life a couple of times but Balthazar was too high or too selfish to care. How difficult it had been for him to walk away from that life…
Sam brings up Cas' death more times than necessary for Dean's comfort. Why can't his little brother ever read the room when he's trying to suppress his feelings?
“What? What is it? Why’re you talking like Janice from ‘Friends’ now?” the redhead asked, trying to get his phone.
Dean wasn’t one to send nudes or even ask for them, but he felt proud of the shot he had achieved. He looked damn good, he reckoned, and immediately changed his Grindr picture for a black and white version of the one he had sent Cas.
It is none other than one Castiel Novak wearing black cat ears, a black bow tie over a white button-up shirt and a golden blazer with black lapels and an intricate floral pattern.  Dean feels his legs fail him for a second. He feels the world around him slow down a bit. Fuck, he's had too much whiskey and not enough dancing to sweat it off. He runs his eyes up and down at Castiel, undressing him mentally but leaving on the cat ears and the blazer. His cock twitches a little at the thought.
been thinking about studying Russian, his parents never really taught him how to write it, and he only understood enough to know why they were angry at him when yelling in English just wasn’t enough. But reading Dostoyevsky had put the idea in him to take proper lessons. Maybe he should, he thinks. And a language course would be the perfect excuse to stay on campus during the summer, to stay in Kansas, to stay with Dean. But,
However, Dean was tired this time, from the driving, from spending time with his family after a month of not seeing them and from the emotional rollercoaster he had experienced in the morning. So he fell asleep in a minute and it wasn’t until the next morning that he would read the text he got later:
A few minutes later, he is laying next to Castiel, in his bed, wearing a white T-shirt he borrowed and his own gray boxer briefs. The light is off, but the curtains let in some moonlight and it's enough for him to see the inmense blue in Castiel's eyes but not enough that he still
When he gets to New York and instinctively texts Dean a picture he took of a drag queen sitting next to an orthodox Jew on the subway with the caption “There’s no place like home”, he thinks the next two weeks will fly by, that he’ll be texting Dean the whole time anyway, and he’ll be back before the other boy even notices he’s gone.
The phone in his hand is starting to feel heavy. He texts Jo "I fucked up" without any further explanation, throws the phone in his bed and walk towards the kitchenette. Pie won't cute it. He needs a drink. The empty shelves of his college mini-fridge stare back at him, almost mockingly.
Castiel is in love with Dean Winchester. He has been for the past two years. Since the second time he met Dean.
He has been for the past two years. Since the Second Time they met. Because Dean had called him using -their mutual friend- Charlie’s phone and asked him to go get a cup of coffee. And the deep voice at the other end of the line surprised Castiel at first, but he still agreed to that coffee.
Cas was right, he's not his daddy's little soldier. But he knows no other life, and he's finally ready to admit it.
The dark haired boy just stood there, in the hallway staring at his door with a small frown on his face and Dean had to wonder how long he'd been there.
So it wasn't until he received Castiel's e-mail with the lectures he recommended that Dean came back to the reality that this guy wasn't just his crush he texted at night and told stuff nobody else knew, he was also his group project mate, who he had told to come visit him, who had a "secret admirer" whose name started with a D, and who knew Dean's name. Damn it. He needed to know exactly what the chances were that his cover was blown. He needed to speak to Jo.
As the semester went by, they began talking again -properly, this time, with phone exchanges and everything. The hanging out came naturally and so did the constant texting. And if that caused Castiel’s old crush to come back to life in full force, well, that's not something Dean needs to know.
If someone who knows Greek reads this, I'm sorry. i don't know Greek. I just trusted a quote that showed up on my tumblr feed.
cat ears to the crowd (Dean is at least one foot taller than Cas, and right now he's grateful for it). The DJ changes to a more
“What excuse? There’ll be no excuse. I know why he has that app and he’d know why I have it, and then it’d be awkward… besides, there’s that group project we still haven’t done.”
The words still rumble in his ears, and Cas doesn’t really know how they make him feel, he just knows the emptiness in his stomach grows a little bit more every time his memory repeats them. He doesn’t eat dinner that night, and somehow that makes the emptiness subside, replaced by the physical pain from the hunger instead.
Because he knew -he thought he knew- Dean would need more than just hanging out to make sure Cas was worth more than just a friendship. After all, Benny had been his first and only boyfriend, and they had been friends since the fourth grade. Heck, they even continued to be friends even after breaking up and Cas doesn’t know whether or not he should really feel
When she was done and he could finally check himself out in Jo's full body mirror, he couldn’t help but gape. Her job was impeccable. He appeared to have no skin and even if he thought wearing gray contacts lenses was going to give him a ghost-like-look, the big black circles Charlie had drawn in his face (that looked like empty wholes when he closed his eyes) were even better. He decided to not wear a shirt –to show off the amazingly realistic ribcage Charlie had drawn over black paint, of course, not because he had an incentive to be extra slutty tonight, or anything like that. The tight black jeans and leather jacket he was wearing added up to make the final effect and Dean had officially become the hottest dead thing he'd ever seen. He barely could see himself behind all the painting. It was perfect.
and that was what friends did: they took classes together, even if they didn't have to because their major were so different. And
He was both trilled that his man-crush had spoken to him, and annoyed he was such a jerk, because his tone clearly said “you’re so stupid man, all of you, how can you not know Ancient Greek pronunciation? I’m reading fucking Plato here, while the teacher speaks, because I’m so fucking smart I already know everything she’s saying and I have no need to pay attention”.
“Okay, let's say he did those mental gymnastics and added the last names, which I doubt. That's still only 5 people to guess from, Dean. It's not that many, you know?”
Dean sighed, and changed the subject. But he knew she was right: he couldn’t continue lusting after someone who was a text away from being something else to him than just a crush, and refuse to send that text. And he knew it was up to him because Castiel didn’t know who he was. He made sure to not use a personal photo on his Grindr profile. He used the School’s coat of arms as his profile picture and used only his initial as a name, which he later realized was a mistake because calling yourself “D” on a hooking-up app… really, Dean? Anyhow, the other boy didn’t know who he was, so Dean couldn’t really blame him for not talking to him.
Dean wasn’t reading the messages Castiel was sending him because he was positioning himself to take the best possible version of the picture he wanted to send him. He didn’t want the blue-eyed boy to know who he was just yet –he felt the earth would swallow him if that happened. But he understood why Castiel wanted to make sure he wasn’t being cat fished, and a third wicked part of him, that had been lonely for far too long (and receiving too many unsolicited dick-pics lately), craved whatever little action he could get. So he took ten pictures, chose the best one, and send it to Castiel.
“I will never again watch a season finale with you asses” said Charlie, glaring at them before turning the TV volume up.
“I don't particularly enjoy this kind of places, D. I came here with the sole intent of finding you, and now I have. Let's go.”
"He's not..." Dean ran a hand through his face and turned his back to Castiel, praying he could hear Charlie's side of the conversation and trying real hard not to blush "The group project, Charlie! We had agree to meet today at my dorm?"
He felt the whisper against his lobe more than he heard it, and smiled. Jesse smiled back, that wide, open smile, Dean remembered all too well.
Dean smiled fondly, typing a quick affirmative response to his mom and then to Sammy who was spamming his phone.
Castiel decides to take the Russian course over the summer. He tells himself it’s about reconnecting with his heritage and improving his chances of surviving if he ever commits to his bucket list and finally goes to Moscow. That’s what his choice to take the course is about. At least, that’s what he tells himself. And it’s what he tells his parents.
"Look, I don't know, really." the engineering student did his best to not think about how fucking close Castiel had gotten to him in the past second "I've been a mess lately, with midterms and all. I've hardly gotten any sleep and, to be honest I didn't even remember we were meeting today. So I'm not sure the three pages I wrote while I was high on caffeine and instant noodles are worth using."
They kiss, and they kiss, and they kiss. Partly because of how amazing it feels, and partly because Dean is too afraid of what's going to happen once they stop. Once the world snaps back into focus and they're not alone in the universe anymore. And he kind of hates himself for being such a coward, for lying to Cas, for waiting so long to make an actual move on him. And he lowkey still hates himself for so many other things, and he's still so broken and fucked up inside, that he's not sure he has a right to bring any of those things into Castiel's life. But
car. He then hears about the time Castiel spent in the army. He tells him about his uncle Bobby and his mom's apple pie. He also learns Cas chose theology as his first major because he was looking for God and thought that'd be a good way to find him -"It wasn't, really, but it made my parents happy and it was a good complement to the philosophy classes" he says. He even tells Cas about his panty kink and Cas doesn't laugh or look at him like he's lost his mind, he just tries to hide a yawn and says he would like to engage in panty-related activities in the future.
He helped his dad work on a couple of cars, gave Sammy the School sweater he had brought him and gorged himself in his mother’s apple pie. He was home. When he laid in bed that night, full, tired and happy, he checked his phone one last time. He had a new text from a contact he hadn’t seen on that screen for a long time.
But he still hangs out with Jo a couple of times. Mostly because it's convenient. Because the bar she works at is near his dorm and it's convenient to go grab a drink there when he doesn't have enough money to get pills and pay the cover at a proper party. Mostly because staying at home after finishing his Russian homework depresses the shit out of him. And if he does, he'll most likely end up going to Dean's Facebook profile again, to stare at the smiling picture and cry a little bit more.
They finished their lunch in silence and Charlie gave him a big hug and a kiss on the cheek and asked him to say hi to his family for him, which he answered with a “yeah, yeah” that earned him a punch in the arm that was still hurting when he walked out of Charlie’s dorm and saw Castiel in the distance, walking fast, kind of jogging, probably late for class. He held his breath only for a second as he checked his phone.
Dean did not like Bécquer as well. He didn’t like Spanish poetry at all, and he honestly thought Cas a freak for liking it so much. Dean
Lack of air woke his body up before his mind was ready to remember anything. He yanked off the wet sheets around his waist, and a sense of despair came over him as he opened his eyes.
Kind of a song-fic? Not really, but a little bit. I was listening to Mamma Mia when typing this. Sorry not sorry.
“Fuck, the group project!” Charlie dropped her fork and brought her hand to her forehead in sudden concern “I had totally forgotten about it…Why did I let you drag me into taking that stupid class, again?”
the silence and the staring can be when it is Cas he's silently staring at. After a few minutes of peaceful silence they start talking again.
He didn’t want to admit out loud that Dean didn’t read something other than Busty Asian Beauties and what was necessary to keep a somewhat decent GPA and that he called Cas a freak for carrying around García Lorca books. Or that he was
The drugs are for flirting with strangers while sucking on a lollipop to keep his jaw from dislodging. The drugs are for putting Dean's face on every cute boy that grinds at him.
A whole five minutes pass before he dares to open his Grindr messages again, Castiel hasn’t said a thing. He hasn't even read the message
After what seemed like an infinity of bugs were solved and Dean triple-checked that his code was actually running smoothly, he got up, stretched and washed his face in the sink. Damn, that had been intense. When he came back, he saw Castiel sound asleep on the bed with his book laying open over his lap.
He stops crying himself to sleep after the first month. Though he still wakes up in cold sweats at 3:00 am most nights.
something else the other half of the time… and he’s surely just hallucinating. He’s had this insane crush on Dean for far too long so now being around him, so close to him all the time… it’s kind of weird, intoxicating, and playing tricks on him. There was no way that Dean liked him too.
But not even Castiel can stay miserable forever, though he'd never admit out loud that he was miserable. This is just what he does. He drowns the feelings he doesn't like in a fog of weed smoke and absinthe. It's just how he deals with things: he doesn't. He ignores them and buries them in the bags under his eyes, in the spaces between his ribs, in the moans of the people he fucks.
Ready to grow up and stop blaming his dad for everything wrong with him. The obsessed bastard is long gone. It stopped being John's fault several years ago. Dean is not a victim anymore. At least not his dad's.
He wraps his arm around Cas' waist and brings him closer to him. He deepens the kiss and he smiles and he sighs into it because
It wasn't that mysterious, really. They had opposite majors (Literature and Engineering) and they had never ran into each other in campus before. It had been luck that they even met in the first place. And Dean had called him using Charlie's phone, so it's not like he had anyway to reach him. And a part of Cas felt sad because he
And he did. it was soft and slow, unlike most music Dean listened to, but it had an interesting beat to it. The singer's voice was unlike anything he had ever heard before, and accompanied by only a piano for most of the song. The lyrics were simple but, "this song reminded me of you" that was what Castiel had said. Damn, and Dean had thought he was thirsty. Or is he imagining things? Come to think about it, the song actually has a kind of low-key sad vibe to it. He needs to figure out what this "reminded me of you" thing is about. He is getting tired of not knowing what's going on, with his feelings, with Cas. If this is Castiel's way of telling him to go fuck himself, then so be it. He'd rather face it head on than let it slide and keep pretending like the other boy is as involved in this whole texting thing as he is.
"Well, hello" he smiles at the brunette slutty nurse who started dancing seductively in front of him.
And so, the days pass. He wakes up, says 'Good morning' to Cas as D, has breakfast while texting him and heads down to class. In the afternoons, he has lunch with his friends, spends some time studying and then heads to the coffee house outside campus for a recharge. He tells himself it's because of the quality of the coffee and not because of the dark-haired boy who is usually sitting in a sofa on the corner reading a book and drinking some tea. That is just another perk, but Dean is actually there for the coffee. Really. When he runs into Castiel, he offers him a ride home and listens to him rant about the state of his research on the depictions of Eros in Herodotus' works. Half of the time he doesn't understand what he is saying, but he likes the sound of Castiel's voice and feels like the other boy lacks someone to talk about this. So he listens and walks him up to his dorm. After they say their goodbyes, he goes up to his own room, finishes whatever work he has left for the day, makes himself dinner and texts Cas until he falls asleep. Then he wakes up the next morning and does it all over again.
How could he not? His whole life had leaked privilege. Not once had he worked for something, all had been given to him easily. He was an attractive, cis, white, American-born man, who also happened to be hella smart with numbers so not even at school needed he to make an effort. So yeah, it was kind of hard for Cas to recognize Dean's flaws as such, especially when all of he wanted to just brush them off as mannerisms and little
He looks down at the kneeling boy in front of him and makes a conscious effort to make himself cum quickly. He low-key just wants to get this over with so he can go home already. Wherever that is.
He sees a dark humor meme and sends it to Dean out of instinct, before realizing what he’s doing. He gets a
Castiel notices the exchange as if it's something happening to someone else, out of body, he thinks it's called. He remarks it as if he's not actually there. Only he is. He's just not
He knows what he is doing is crazy, and there is a little voice in the back of his head screaming at him that this is not how their first kiss is supposed to happen, but right now, with Castiel's tounge inside his mouth and his hands wrapping around Dean's back, underneath his jacket, he just. Don't. Care.
He sighed. Because he wanted to reach over, and run his finger through Dean’s beautiful soft hair, and caress his cheek and kiss him slowly, like giving a prayer to a Greek god. He wanted to open Dean’s button-up shirt and get down to his knees and take him into his mouth, like taking the communion. He wanted to worship Dean Winchester’s body, like it deserved to be worshiped. Like nothing else mattered in this world. Like he was worth touching Dean in such a way.
just happen, and they’re one of the few things in Castiel’ life that doesn’t feel forced. He surprises himself thinking he might love
"Oh, God. I am so sorry, I just.. was reading and I didn't realise..." he said, sitting on the edge of the bed again, as Dean got up.
"I'm going to introduce you to someone" Benny continued, ignoring Dean's please-god-kill-me-now face "not that I know anyone who would be interested in you, but as soon as I do... I mean, not that people wouldn't be interested in you but, you know, like... Guys, who would be into guys. I don't know many, actually, I think you're the only gay dude I..."
He gave a big hug to Charlie, who was dressed up as a vampire, just like Benny, and Jo was Buffy. Dean felt a little sorry that he had fucked up their group costume, but Charlie was so happy she got to do his make-up that he was instantly forgiven by a previously furious Jo. Once he was finally Instagram-ready, they headed off to Purgatory.
better than the Starbucks on campus, and the sight of Cas petting cute dogs, well, that's another story.
Dean's first instinct is to step in, punch the guy and take Castiel away. But he doesn't do that. Instead, he observes. He notices Cas is more relaxed than he would've if this was just some creep trying to pick him up. He is speaking to him, in a calm manner kind of unfitting for the environment they're in. Dean makes use of the fact that they haven't noticed his presence yet and approaches them quietly from the side, trying to ears-drop their conversation.
Dean is pleasantly surprised to find it doesn't feel weird or embarrassing or over sharing to be telling him all these intimate details about his life, about who he is. It feels right. And when he listens to Cas' stories, he is actually listening, not just waiting for his time to respond. He hears the inflection in Cas' voice when he mentions his brothers, and notices how it changes when he talks about a particular book or author that he likes. And Dean can't help but think about how this, right here, holding Castiel in his arms while he's falling asleep... It just feels right.
"You didn't". Castiel confirmed as he looked around for a place to sit, finally settling for the edge of Dean's bed. And no, that did not give Dean any ideas.
Dean just sighs dramatically and rests his forehead against his knees. But when Jo mouths “Who’s Castiel?” at Charlie and she answers out loud “His crush”, Dean’s head snaps back up to clarify:
Cas felt anxious and hopeful and generally shitty about himself. All at once. He was lucky to have found Dean again. He was happy to be able to share so much time with him, to make him laugh, to spend every waking moment either with him or texting him. To be honest, he was
"God, would you two shut up?" he groaned trying to hide his blush by turning his back on them "I'm perfectly fine with my own D, thank you very much"
Castiel is being a jerk, and Dean finds himself wanting to punch the guy almost as often as he wants to shut him up with a kiss...
Once the semester is over he won't see Castiel again -he hadn't seen him before taking that goddamn Greek course, so why would he ran into him again? He's used to spend more time in Jo's room than his own,
improve significantly –which makes him as proud of himself as he's angry that he took this course for a guy and not for himself. But at least he did, and now it
So he sat down next to Jo, who smiled at him. And purposely ignored the nervous once-over Dean gave him and the way it
the voice says. He ignores it in part to be the one to show Castiel around (it's his first time in Purgatory), and in part to get away from judgmental looks. Now he gets how Jo felt earlier.
Aside from the conversations of a few people still waiting in line to get into the club and one drunk girl holding the hair of her even drunker friend as she throws up on the sidewalk, the night is completely silent. Dean thinks it’s a nice change from the loudness of the club. He turns to check on Cas, who he had practically dragged outside. He is looking down at the pavement, deep in thought.
about him. He isn't smiling, not really. He is frowning, even. But there is something in his eyes, they are an impossibly deep blue and glisten with a bit of... hope?
The dark-haired man tilted his head slightly to the side and kept staring at Dean, frowning. He could see him from the corner of his eye and silently wished he’d stop because his cheeks kept getting redder.
They went to a hipster pet-friendly organic place that was a 15-min ride from their dorm. That had been Castiel's idea, of course. Dean hated to admit it but the coffee was actually
He checked his phone again and looked at the notification bar, the app was installed. His heart skipped a bit but he ignored it and decided to read his messages instead. His mom wanted him to go back to Lawrence for the weekend, she said they missed him and given he had no class on Fridays and only two on Tuesdays afternoons and Monday was a minor holiday, but still a holiday, he’d be free for five days.
“Actually, I want to ask him to marry me…” he lets out without actually thinking what he’s saying and ignoring Charlie’s ‘awww’ “but… I mean, look at him! He’s double majoring in philosophy and theology, and he’s taking psychology courses, he volunteers in a charitable Foundation, he reads a new book every week and he’s
He relives Cas' death almost every night, and there's nothing he can do to stop it. Nothing that would calm his pounding heart. Nothing to ease the feeling of guilt eating at his chest now that he gets to live after Cas is gone.
“You truly are” he admitted, smiling a her and holding her hand for a few seconds. “Thank you, for listening to my rambling and putting up with my crazy shit.”
The truth is, Castiel numbs at sadness. It's not an emotion he's ever felt comfortable with, so as a teenager he learned to numb it out. He doesn't even need drugs to do it. The drugs are for fun. For distracting himself. For feeling like he's having an orgasm when the bass drops and he can't tell he's thirsty and his lips are chapped, and he can't feel a bad thing in the world.
When it takes Dean a couple of hours to answer “lol”, he starts doubting his conviction that nothing could change in
When Castiel stops and drops his hand back to the side of his body, Dean finally dares to look up from his own chest, back at Castiel and into his eyes. Into those impossibly deep eyes he has become addicted to. Dean is sure he has forgotten how to breathe, and the air has become unbearably thick around them. He doesn't know what to say or what to do, but somehow he is certain he has fucked everything up. Until the dark-haired boy finally breaks the silence between them.
If it's the thought of blond hair and green eyes that finally makes him cum, it doesn't matter either. He bass is buzzing in his ears and he only sheds one tear this time. He'd be proud of himself if he could tell. If he was
Dean stared at the screen. Damned if that guy was anything but blunt. But then again, if some rando started texting him and saying he liked him, Dean might also want some answers. He pondered his answer and finally settled for honesty. It wasn’t like they were actually going to talk in person anyway.
He's cheerful because Charlie did her job right and Castiel can't seem to read Dean's features underneath the paint and the lenses. And he's happy because he's kissed Cas. And because he kissed back and his lips are incredibly soft. And that thing he was just doing to his neck... Dean wouldn't mind too much if Cas did that again.
He got up the bed to get himself some coke and grabbed his phone too, quickly checking his messages, they were all from Sammy and his mom, he would answer them later. Once he poured the coke in his glass, he returned to the bed where his friends were.
"Sorry, Cas, all else aside, I'm really, really happy to see you. Even though you still got that stick up your ass."
None of his exes still talked to him. Not the ones that mattered anyway. They just used him and left, and came back when they were horny. But of course Dean was still friends with his ex. Because he was perfect, and who wouldn't want to be friends with him?
He types the next text mechanically, without thinking about it, because that is the first thing that comes to his mind. And because it's true. Nevertheless, he stops himself before pressing 'send'. He takes a moment to look at the words on the screen, shining back at him, communicating a feeling that has been developing in his chest for the past few months and that he still hasn't dared to share with anyone, leave alone the receptacle of the emotion himself. Dean stares at the screen and it stares back at him:
that reminded him of who Dean Winchester was. And how his being different from Cas was a good thing, and they could teach each other so much.
) made him feel like he was on a chick flick or in one of those Wolfstar fanfictions he read at night. And that felt great.
weird. And he would have probably blocked the person who started talking to him in such a manner completely out of the blue, even if it was on a dating app. Nevertheless, Castiel hadn’t blocked him. He kept engaging in the conversation and replying to his texts when he could have as well just ghosted him.
Dean loved Halloween. It was his favorite holiday. He loved the sugar, the scary stuff and the slutty costumes -not necessarily in that order. He usually started thinking about his costume in August, but he had just learned one hour ago that one jummy looking theology major was going to be at this party, so he wasn't about to pull a Cady from Mean Girls and show up in his horrifying vampire costume. He'll save that one for later, October had only started anyway. Instead, he had looked up some last minute ideas online, begged Charlie to make good use of her amazing make up skills and turn him into a "sexy reaper".
forced him to face what the neon lights and the underground parties of New York had done a pretty poor job of hiding: There is no place for Castiel in Dean's life anymore.
“No, actually he could convince you to go rubber-less and give you a horrible and very painful STI that’s gonna take a while to clear out. Now,
Dean turned to face Castiel who sat with the laptop over his knees focused on reading what Dean had written.
After Castiel has a several Jagger bombs and Dean a couple glasses of cold water, they decide to go to Hell. The little voice in the back of Dean's head kind of warns him that Castiel is way too hot and too wearing-fucking-cat-ears to take him to that part of the club, some idiot might try to snatch him away from Dean -
While the shorter boy went over what Dean had already written, he took his phone and called Charlie.
It was then that Dean realised Castiel wasn't wearing his usual dark suit and trench coat combo. His torso was covered by a body-fitting gray T-shirt and a loose pair of sweatpants hung from his hips, showing oh so slightly his left hipbone. And no, that did not make Dean salivate and wish to drop to his knees right then and ther. Not at all. He licked his lips unconciously.
"I... I am." he looks directly into Cas' eyes, as drops his jacket and keys to the floor, and takes off his shirt, in one final act of desperation.
"Dean, would you please pick up your phone and tell whoever is harassing you on Grindr to shut up?" Jo finally snapped.
. That it was all just a big nightmare, and he would soon wake up, his heart about to explode and Cas there, ready to make it all go away with a soft touch to his forehead.
And Dean wonders if there's still a chance that he'll get happiness in life. Because he knows there will never be another Cas for him. Whoever he meets next, whatever path he follows, will be but the barren shadow of what could have been.
Up to this moment, it had been Cas who sat on the desk, while Dean used his bed to stare at him, be sexually frustrated and get done whatever he could while fantasizing about all the things he would like the blue-eyed boy to do to him on that very same desk. But right now, these stupid bugs needed to be dealt with and however enticing, he couldn't afford to be distracted by the thought of Castiel laying on his bed. Not
Dean finds himself wanting to punch the guy almost as often as he wants to shut him up with a kiss because fuck if his knowing all those stuff isn’t hot as fuck, but they don’t really know each other, they haven’t even talked since that one class, and Dean isn’t the one to go around life kissing people he doesn’t know that want him to kiss them –you know, consent, and stuff. So he continues to stare at the boy’s back, frustrated in several ways.
The next day, he had to deliver a paper and then he’d go home. He was so happy to see his mother again, God he missed that woman. And he could use the break, because really, campus life was awesome but also really stressing, plus, everybody he knew was going out this weekend and he had no money so he preferred to go see his mom instead of staying in his dorm watching porn and eating frozen lasagna while everybody else was partying until they passed out.
He arrived a bit late to class that day, and he knew Charlie wasn’t coming because she had a LARP event somewhere, so he just sat in the front row without taking a second glance at the other people in the room. That is why he didn’t notice who he was sitting right beside to. He scrambled to get his things out of his backpack as quickly as possible and intuitively turned to the person on his right to ask what they were doing today.
