Anthea frowned as she looked down at her phone's display. Someone had sent her a text from an unknown number. Need your help involves Sherlock Holmes. Anthea bit her lip in anger. Dr. Molly Hooper. She was the only one besides Mycroft and herself that knew that Sherlock was still alive. Anthea had urged Mycroft not to involve her. She was too emotionally invested in Sherlock and couldn't be objective, but Mycroft had vetoed her suggestion. Now, it appeared that his decision may come back to haunt him, much like his brother always seemed to. Mycroft's baby brother, the now infamous Sherlock Holmes, was one of Mycroft's few weaknesses. Despite their constant bickering, and constant posturing in a never ending power struggle, there was a genuine, if not love, then minimally, respect and brotherly concern. Over the years, Anthea had attempted to get the whole story of their difficult relationship, but to this day she only knew bits and pieces. Sherlock Holmes was truly an enigma, yet not nearly as mystifying as Mycroft Holmes. Her eyes drifted to slim gold band on her right ring finger.
"You sound quite happy about being slapped, I always suspected that you were a masochist." Sherlock quipped allowing a teasing note to enter his voice. Lestrade chuckled.
Chapter 24
"How Greg?" John asked. "How do I control it?"
"What the bloody hell are you doing with a priest? You wouldn't know faith if it bit you in the ass." She claimed.
The question encompassed not only the notion of why Mycroft had allowed it to happen, but also why John had accepted the offer in the first place and went through with the reenlistment. Sherlock forced himself to breathe deeply as his heart raced in a panic. He was trapped and unable to help John until he completed the mission to take down every operative and contact in Moriarty's web. He looked down at his phone in disbelief as Mycroft's reply came through.
"It's in your best interest to avoid working alone, she's targeting priests." Sherlock insisted over the phone. Lestrade breathed heavily for a moment before answering him.
"I'm not implying anything. I'm sure you came round for a little chat and just happened to stay over and I think it's safe to assume you scrubbed his floors going by the state of your knees." Sherlock had then turned and walked out of the Met without another word leaving Sally Donovan both speechless and humiliated.
"Heaven forbid, he avoids our cases at all costs, unless I force his hand." Mycroft admitted. "He's being escorted here at this very moment." Anthea hummed and sat next to Mycroft obviously intending to stay. Mycroft sighed knowing that arguing about it was useless.
"What do you want?" Mycroft asked knowing when to fold. Mycroft was Anthea's employer and it would look very bad for both of them if the information got out before they made alternate plans for employment if they ever decided to make an announcement. Mycroft loathed the idea of replacing Anthea she was very good at her job. It was one reason why they had been so careful, but not careful enough. Sherlock had deduced it and now was ready to out them.
Acta non Verba
Omegas, on the other hand, had a much more delicate hormone balance and could only tolerate suppressants for short periods without risking permanent damage. While Omegas possessed superior senses, they were docile and submissive by nature. They had much better control over their instincts outside of heat even without a bond. Alphas, on the other hand, had the same superior senses as Omegas but also possessed increased strength and muscle mass which Omegas lacked. They were also much more unpredictable. Even outside of ruts and on suppressants, Alphas were aggressive, territorial and prone to rages if unbonded.
(Judge me)
"Of course he is, my love, but he is no Fay. He's an honor guard knight, they are descended from the knights of templar, who were some of the most powerful mystics known to man. Once they take the Oath, they become something more than human. If he has even half of knowledge which they have been passing down for centuries, then his power not only rivals Sherlock's, but mine as well." Mycroft insisted. "I'm am certain beyond a doubt that he has not used his power to its full potential. He's holding back and I'm not sure why."
Et Veritas Domini manet in aeternum
"I don't understand what is special about you, why you are worth all this effort and subterfuge. You were the end game all along. John Watson, he was the lure. I was to keep him alive. They knew you would eventually come looking. I have just received new orders. You're coming with me. They're not done with you yet, not by a long shot."
"Why? Why did you do it Mycroft? I grieved for him; John grieved for him! I know you'll try to justify it, the cloak and dagger rubbish. I can almost forgive you for that. John would have never stayed put knowing Sherlock was alive and working alone. He would have followed him to the ends of the earth, so I get that part. As much as I loathe it, I understand. What I truly don't understand is why you would allow John to reenlist?"
"I'll call you whatever I please, unless of course you'll tell me your true name?" Sherlock goaded. The sprite remained silent knowing Sherlock had her beaten on that front. "Now what is it you want?" The sprite again whispered into Sherlock's ear. "I have it, but what do I get in return?" The little sprite replied quietly and Sherlock's smile widened. "You have a deal." Sherlock then disappeared into his room and when he returned the sprite was gone.
Molly
Sherlock followed Mrs. Hudson up the stairs with John on his heels as their made their way up to 221B. Sherlock opened the door to the flat while Mrs. Hudson moved into the kitchen and started making tea. "Just this once, dear, I'm not your housekeeper." She warned both Sherlock and John. Sherlock glanced at John taking in the deep frown on his face as he glanced around the flat for the first time. Sherlock looked around and belatedly realized the he should have tidied up. There was clutter everywhere, everything from clippings and papers to charms and wards, weapons, and everything in between.
"Likewise," Jones replied with a half smile. John could see his curiosity under the surface, but John didn't like to disclose his background to just anyone. That was something that must be earned and was a sign of implicit trust on his part. The only one who knew his whole story was Bill Murray. Even his commanding officers didn't know everything, as Mycroft had altered and redacted much of the information in his military file.
"I don't even want you to contemplate about the shite in this water that we're wading through." The priest muttered under his breath as he blew out a stream of smoke.
The doctor led him to a room with a small bed. “I’ll get you some juice and a fever reducer. It’s likely dehydration and stress. Try to rest. I’ll look in on you later tonight.” The doctor promised. John nodded thankfully and climbed into bed.
Chapter 5
“What’s wrong, Son?” The voice sounded vaguely familiar but John was too lost in pain to place it. Hands turned him supine and John by bucked against them. He needed. Needed something...it hurt so much...
Even Mycroft must cry sometimes, he reasons. After all, Sherlock cries when he's skinned a knee on the pavement or when he's so saturated by stimulation that the slightest whisper can bring him to tears. Neither of these sounds anything like what Mycroft is doing in furtive, hiccupping bursts that Sherlock is helpless to explain. All Sherlock knows is that his crying makes him want to cry. Instead, Sherlock slips out of bed and curls into Mycroft's back. Sherlock’s arm dangles over his soft middle and his hand finds Sherlock’s in the dark.
"Close your eyes, John." Greg whispered and John complied. Greg placed his hand over John's closed eyelids and closing his own eyes before he whispered "Et cum spiritu tuo."
Even with his parents urging, Greg was sure that if it hadn't been for that horrific encounter, he would have likely eventually fallen away from the church and become just another lapsed Catholic, but God had other plans. Libera nos a malo. Deliver us from Evil. Evil existed and Greg had seen it for the first time that night, the night that had changed his life forever.
"What killed him?" Sherlock demanded. Greg muttered a prayer under his breath crossing himself.
Rather than answer directly Mycroft stated, “Nasty habit, you should quit.”
At the tone, please record your message
Quid nunc
"He was my CO. He recommended me for training." John explained taking in Small's shocked face.
"Oi, watch it!" Greg retorted. Sherlock couldn't quite hide the smirk that appeared but it quickly fell away when the woman replied.
Irene thought back to the day that Sherlock had arrived in Afghanistan. She hadn't recognized him at first. He was a wraith. He looked haggard, emaciated, and sick. "Sherlock…what's happened to you?" She had asked. Sherlock had closed his eyes and taken a deep breath before meeting her stare with eyes that looked haunted.
"Anthea." The voice answered.
Ora pro Nobis
I did it to save him, brother mine. He did not take your death well. He was suicidal. I offered him a distraction from his grief and he accepted it. I have no doubt that he would be dead now if I had not given him that option.
"Punch you?" John asked disbelief coloring his words.
Greg smiled and replied. "Of that, I have no doubt."
"Lestrade?" He called as he looked at John feeling his chest tighten painfully. Lestrade sighed and finally answered after a weary sigh.
“This is trying. Sherlock I still don’t think you understand.” Sherlock shook his head cutting him off not about to be pulled back into another philosophical discussion.
Sherlock
"Father…what was that?" Greg asked looking the old priest in the eye and shivering at the intense gaze, which the man pinned him with.
John's new commanding officer was a man by the name of Major James Sholto. Though John had yet to meet him, he had already heard a number of nasty rumors. John hated rumors and never repeated them, but most often they were impossible to avoid completely. John vowed not to let them affect his judgment and to base his opinions on facts and actions. According to rumor, Sholto had led a troop of new recruits into an ambush where all but one of the recruits died. The attack left Sholto disfigured, horrifically burned from the blast of explosives. He was lucky to have survived and no one had expected him to return to active duty, but he had defied expectation and returned.
"Because the victim couldn't have done it. It's against the rules." John countered.
They ended up in an abandoned warehouse where a lone figure stood looking regal in a tailored suit leaning against an umbrella. As John came closer, he could sense the man's wards, powerful wards, much more powerful than any of Sherlock's. Mage. He wore a ring, which was identical to the witches on his right hand. He had been the one to gift it to her, the signatures matched perfectly.
Sherlock bit back a scream as pain tore through him again. His scalp burned as his hair was pulled and pain erupted as he felt his nasal bones break under the most recent assault from the brass knuckles of his assailant. He had lost track of time since the torture had begun. He could taste the bitter tang of cooper and iron as the blood from his nose poured down his throat as his head was tilted back. He had to struggle to open his eyes, as his eyelids were nearly swollen shut.
"I don't know why you're here, but I suggest you go back to where you came from, Father. There's no savin' him." She continued undeterred by the scathing look Greg pegged her with. "Strange place for a confession, eh?"
"Mangia! You're too thin a strong gust would blow you over." Angelo claimed pulling one of the rolls from the basket and placing it in Sherlock's hand with an expectant look. Sherlock took a bite to appease him and slipped the remaining uneaten roll into the basket with the others.
"He's not like that. He doesn't feel things like that. I don't think." Sherlock winced, it was quick; and if she hadn't been looking for it, she would have missed it completely. The priest caught it though, and the look that he shot her could kill. Clever man. She thought, much more clever than Sherlock gave him credit for. Before the priest could stop him, Sherlock replied.
“It’s not the same.” He started to say before Sherlock cut him off abruptly.
She hated to impose on Johnny again. Despite their strained relationship, Johnny always offered to help, even when she didn't deserve it. He had been trying to look out for her for as long as she could remember and in the past she hadn't thought twice about accepting his help, but things were different now. She wasn't a kid anymore; what's more, her brother had been through hell. Harry felt her chest tighten as she recalled how Johnny stood in front of their Da and took the beatings without making a sound while she hid in her room hoping and praying that she wouldn't be next. Johnny would provoke him on the nights when he was drunk so that he would go after him instead of her. Da had been a mean son of a bitch and had only gotten meaner after their mother had died of cancer. After she died, the drinking had gone from bad to worse and the more he drank the more abusive he became. Johnny had taken her in when she was a teenage runaway despite the fact that he had enough on his plate with medical school. He had paid to put her through rehab when the drinking got out of control even though he had been deployed in Afghanistan at the time. It had been a very one-sided relationship. He gave and she took.
John Watson
"We're not a couple." John insisted.
"Stop!" Sherlock screamed shooting him. The vampire winched in pain but continued defiantly enjoying Sherlock's feeble attempts at rescue. The hunter then pulled out a satchel of salt pouring it onto the ground in a pattern, which the vampire did not immediately recognize. Moriarty hissed as the lead ring on his finger turned to silver burning him. He pulled it off without breaking his hold on Watson's jugular. Enough playing. Now, he thought sending the command to Moran mentally. Another shot rang out grazing Sherlock's temple, only a flesh wound, but enough to stop him from taking another shot or attempting further alchemy. The pain from the silver bullet flared for a moment, slowing him down, but he kept drinking nearly sucking Watson dry only when the flow slowed to a trickle and the heart beat erratically did he let go. Watson's blood was far more potent than that of a human. Moriarty felt a rush of power feeling triumphant. He smiled and then bit into his own wrist opening the vein and forcing it into the fallen angel's mouth massaging his throat and forcing him to swallow. Once the color began to return to Watson's face, Moriarty removed his wrist closing the wound with a swipe of his tongue.
Sherlock groaned thinking of Mycroft. He was reluctant to tell Lestrade that it had been him that had led them to the succubus. "He's nothing but an arrogant and controlling pest."
"Judge not, lest ye be judged. No one is perfect, Father." John reminded pointedly. John left Greg's question unanswered. The priest was getting too close for comfort.
(What now)
"Is he coming back?" John asked hoping that Sherlock mentioned something as Greg had warned him not to contact him via his mobile.
Greg took a deep breath. "Feed. Once your hunger is controlled, it will be easier to fight. I cannot lie to you John. It won't be easy. The darkness is much stronger than the light, but I have faith in you and so does Sherlock. We will help you anyway we can." Greg promised. John nodded looking a bit overwhelmed but determined. Before Greg thought better of it, the question slipped from his lips. "You saved her. Why were you struck down? You saved an innocent."
"Oh, for God's sake!" Sherlock muttered under his breath before he punched John causing him to shout in pain. John quickly countered causing Sherlock's face to explode in pain.
“Then why would… are you saying that this is something you did a long time ago?” Silence greeted him. “Right, you won’t say. You’re sure it’s not just because you’re afraid I won’t agree with what you did?” Greg didn’t even realize that he was baiting him.
Behind Enemy Lines
"Want to see some more?" Sherlock invited.
Caught in the Crossfire
John looked around the group home in an attempt to get his bearings. Since he was still a minor and there were no relatives willing to take him in, he had become a ward of the state. He had been registered as Alpha immediately after presenting and would be placed into care until he was old enough to be drafted. Things just kept getting worse, it seemed. He lost his mother. Harry had run off to god knows where, he presented as a bloody Alpha, was put on the registry and was forced into state care. John was pulled from his thoughts by the sound of an unfamiliar voice.
Chasing Ghosts
"I suppose you're right about the conjuring. I've caused Lestrade enough headaches over the years and this may be the straw that breaks the camel's back. Do the autopsy and get back to me." Sherlock conceded knowing that he had lost the battle. Molly nodded numbly still in shock about Greg. What else was that man hiding?
"He's not dead, Mycroft!" Sherlock snarled. Mycroft could see the panic overwhelm him. He was desperate, willing to do anything.
A small smile flickered across Mycroft's face, but it was gone as quickly as it had come as he replied "My pleasure, Captain." John paused a moment at being called by his rank as the full scope of his decision hit him. It would be an interesting ride that much was for sure. John could only hope that he wouldn't regret it.
"You've met him. How many friends do you imagine he has? I'm the closest thing to a friend that Sherlock Holmes is capable of having." Mycroft confided.
"Mycroft, Anthea, Sherlock; you have to be ready. I don't know where this will lead." Greg warned. Sherlock held a small crucifix and a silver rosary. Greg tried to insist that he carry a stake as well, but he had refused instead giving it Anthea, unable to kill his friend. He did, however, have multiple wards hidden in his Belstaff. The witch held the stake with ease, with her blade within reach ready and waiting for whatever was to come. Mycroft stood resolutely. He too was heavily warded. The Eye of Horus glinted on his lapel and the runes shone brightly on the handle of his umbrella. The ring on his right hand also shimmered eerily. He had pulled the glowing handle of his umbrella from the base revealing an ancient wand, which shone brightly and pulsed with powerful magic ready to strike.
"Ta, Sherlock. That means a lot to hear you say that and I'm happy for you. If John makes you feel that way, well, you deserve to be happy." Sherlock smiled feeling a wave of relief.
"No, only that it would strengthen his grace enough to keep the darkness at bay." Sherlock replied now regretting not pressing Greg for more information at the time. None of them, not even Greg, had expected to get this far. They never thought it would work. It had been a last ditch effort, a result of Sherlock's heartfelt plea to a friend. John groaned louder and his eyes fluttered opened. Rather than their normal dark blue, they were now a mixture of blue and gold. They darted around anxiously taking in his surroundings before settling on Sherlock and then moving to Mycroft who continued to call John's name. John hissed and squinted averting his eyes away from the rosary's glowing crucifix. It was in that moment that Sherlock caught a glimpse of fangs. Sherlock felt his chest tighten painfully at the sight. Sherlock closed his eyes unable to continue to look at his friend. John, what have you become? The question echoed in his mind over and over. It may all be for naught. Greg had insisted that the white glow of the wings on John's back were evidence of light, but Sherlock was beginning to doubt the truth of Greg's words.
"I'll ask you again, John. Who are you? You're setting off my wards. There's something you're hiding. Whatever it is, it'll come out in the end. Secrets always do." Greg pressed. "I don't like going in blind, at least with Sherlock I know what I'm getting into." He added bitterly.
“You may not be conscious of them, but your intent is clear.” Mycroft insisted.
"Was John among the dead?" Mycroft asked clinging to the hope that they may have a prayer of getting to him before it was too late.
"Something's veiling them." Mycroft said in a worried voice. If he and Anthea couldn't see through it, then whatever it was very powerful. "Sherlock, show yourself!" Mycroft ordered.
Greg’s stomach turned over. “So you really…. Have you ever?”
Sherlock merely stared at her unimpressed. "Look's like he was right. You are an ice man." She whispered. "I think you're damaged, delusional, and believe in a higher power, in your case, it's yourself." Irene replied.
"Damn it Johnny, pick up!" Harry snapped into her mobile as the sound of John's voice mail greeted her yet again. She had been trying to contact her brother for the past two days without success. She had called, texted and e-mailed and gotten no response. She winced as she took a sip of her drink knowing that if Johnny were here, he would be reading her the riot act. She had fallen off the wagon again after 2 years of sobriety. Clara had left her. That had been the final straw. Things had been going down hill for a while. She should have seen it coming, but she had ignored the warning signs. She tried. She really did, but life just kept throwing her curveballs. She had hit bottom. She had no job. She had been fired 2 months ago due to cutbacks. Last in, first out or so they had claimed. Money had been tight before the layoff. After losing her job, she and Clara had started arguing. It had started with money, but quickly ballooned into other topics and then, just last week, Clara had left. Without Clara's income, she couldn't afford the flat. Harriet now had no job, no girlfriend, no money, and no place to go.
Sherlock had met Angelo, as he did with so many people, on a case. He had cleared Angelo's name. The man had been wrongly charged with murder by the Met when his wife went missing. When her body showed up in the Thames, Sherlock had known that an Undine or Water Elemental had been responsible for her death. It was one of the few supernatural cases of his, which was still unsolved, and it vexed Sherlock to this day. Though he was unable to find the elemental, Sherlock was sure to give Angelo an alibi. He could not have killed his wife because he had been house breaking at the time. While Angelo had been convicted of house breaking, the man had nevertheless been grateful to Sherlock for clearing his name in regards to the murder.
Sherlock was speechless. He knew his brother admired their Uncle, but had no idea just how much. Sherlock had never been particularly close to Uncle Rudy. He admired him but he could be cold and ruthless. Mummy, on the other hand, was warm and kind; gentle and loving. Yes, she was submissive, but as an Omega, it was in her nature. Sherlock once again felt fear for what he would become when he presented. It seemed that both Alphas and Omegas were cursed, just in different ways.
"We have more in common than you'd like to believe. This petty feud between us is simply childish. People will suffer and you know how it always upset Mummy."
“Uncle, are you suggesting traffickers?” Mycroft asked feeling sick at the thought. He wouldn’t force a bond. He would stay on suppressants.
She slowly began to stir with a groan. "Greg, watch her. I don't want her attacking John. I need to explore a few options." Sherlock insisted as he picked up his mobile and dialed. "Molly, I need a favor. Can we meet you at Bart's?"
“So that’s it. This was all a ‘venture’ for you, and now you’re cutting your losses.” Greg said unsure of the magnitude of the event to which Mycroft was referring to.
"Who is this?" John asked now feeling unnerved.
"Come in," Mycroft called as Anthea pulled back distancing herself from him. Sherlock and John Watson were ushered in looking very annoyed. The door snapped shut and Mycroft met their faces with a glare of his own. They were not nearly as annoyed as Mycroft. "What were you doing this time Sherlock?"
"I can't." He answered truthfully catching a glimpse of John who stood off to the side looking wary, but fully in control of himself. Sherlock kept his face neutral, but wondered how John could do it. If Sherlock was honest with himself, he was having trouble resisting her and his control was paramount. It was another piece of the puzzle that didn't fit in regards to John.
Greg didn't know what to think, but suddenly things made a hell of a lot more sense. Sherlock's suicide was a front and Mycroft had pulled strings in order to allow John to reenlist. The question was why had Mycroft done it? John certainly would have been safer in London and Sherlock would have been far less likely to be distracted from his mission knowing that John was safe. "I'm calling Mycroft." Greg said as he pulled out his phone before Molly could protest.
"I knew that I'd find you here. You just left without a word while that Selkie was in the midst of a panic attack looking for her stolen skin. 'Just going to make a cuppa, John, I'll only be a moment' Do you routinely walk out on your clients? How did you even get out? Climb down the fire escape?" John accused.
Mycroft nodded in acknowledgement but frowned as his gaze drifted from Greg back to John who was still unconscious with Greg's relic glowing brightly around his neck. "Gregory, I hate to press you when you are already overexerted, but this matter must be addressed." Mycroft explained as he pointed his wand in John's direction before continuing. "What have you done to him? What has he become?"
"Feel free Greg, but I have a feeling that Sherlock will beat you to it. This will be on his radar. The mere possibility of you being killed will be enough to motivate him." Molly insisted. Greg laughed.
Sherlock pulled the bow harshly against the strings causing his strad to scream.
Chapter 22
"Who is an army doctor Sherlock?" She asked. Before he could answer, Sherlock's attention was pulled away by the small sprite that had managed to stow away in the flat.
“I’m Mike Stamford.”  The teen introduced himself clearly sizing John up. John did the same. Mike had a medium build, chestnut hair, coffee colored eyes which were covered by spectacles. He had a slightly round face with a button nose. Hardly intimidating; his scent was weak for an Alpha and John immediately sensed that he was not a threat. John replied.
"Which was it, Afghanistan or Iraq?" The man repeated with a hint of amusement.
"Killed in action…I know about that. My entire troop was ambushed and the blast left every one besides Sholto and myself dead. Talk about survivor's guilt." Small admitted causing John's jaw to drop once again in shock. What were the odds?
"Where are they?" She asked looking around warily. Mycroft remained unconscious beside her. Greg took another deep inhale and released a plum of smoke as he exhaled still unable to stop the fine tremors in his hands.
Mycroft was pulled from his thoughts by the sound of clicking echoing on the wood floors. After a obligatory rap on the door, it opened quickly revealing Anthea. Her chestnut hair was pulled into a classic French twist and her make up was subtle but striking. It brings out her full lips and highlights her chocolate colored eyes. "I trust I procured the necessary information, sir." She inquired with a slight quirk of her eyebrow.
Prologue
Anthea's eyes widened in shock. Mummy? Brothers? It couldn't be. "He's always been so resentful." Mycroft murmured under his breath with a glance in her direction. "That, never ending problem, was my brother, Sherlock William Scott Holmes." Mycroft clarified. Anthea merely raised an eyebrow unsure of what was expected of her. "I could use someone with your unique skill set under my direct employ. Are you interested?" He asked looking directly at her as his eyes slid over her quickly and silently assessing her. He seemed confident in her answer, as he looked her over clinically.
John?
Sursum Corda
“That’s Bill, Bill Murray.” Mike pointed to the tall ginger haired boy in the corner. The teen caught John’s eye briefly with a quick nod. He was tall and slender, but one could make out defined lean muscle. The teen had pale skin, freckles and striking emerald eyes. John inhaled deeply catching his Alpha scent. It was much stronger than Mike’s. John wasn’t sure what to make of him quite yet. “Bill’s good people, just a bit slow to warm up, he is.” Mike assured.
"Cor, John…" He murmured looking shocked and very worried. "Are you sure that you want to do that? It's not too late to change your mind. You're a qualified physician and the RAMC would snap you up in a heartbeat."
"Nonsense." Mycroft denied briskly. "I couldn't risk giving myself away."
"This isn't just another case, Sherlock. It's personal. Stay out of it. I can handle it." The priest had claimed. Looking back, Sherlock probably should have kept his mouth shut and let Lestrade cool down. With a little time and consideration, he would have come around and Sherlock wouldn't be forced to do this the hard way. But Sherlock, as so often happened when he was chasing a lead, had continued to push. Sherlock then had suggested that Lestrade wasn't able to do it alone and that if he didn't want help he should leave it to Sherlock.
Irene hummed thoughtfully. Hopefully, this lead would prove to be more substantial than the one that she had been chasing. She quickly departed to meet Sherlock.
Mycroft
Mycroft moved down the corridor quickly. As he opened the door to the indoor pool, nothing greeted them but the smell of chlorine and the gentle hum of the pumps. Their footsteps echoed across the titled floor. Mycroft pulled out his scrying stone from his vest pocket. "James Moriarty." He commanded. Anthea peered over his shoulder as the stone glowed eerily and the tragic scene played out in front of their eyes.
"Mycroft! Don't kill him! The wings, they're white. It worked." Sherlock pleaded. Mycroft glanced in his direction briefly meeting his stare with a wary look, before turning his attention back to John.
Sherlock's eyes widened at the admission. Mycroft cleared his throat loudly with a pointed look in his brother's direction. "Sherlock, perhaps it is unfair to ask this of him…" He said before trailing off. Anthea picked up were he left off stating much more bluntly.
"Nay, I've only met one of them in passing, but I have a bad feeling about this, it all seems a bit off and what's more, it hits a bit too close to home, if you know what I mean." Greg confided. Molly hummed thoughtfully.
Mycroft
"Jim Moriarty, hi. Don't be silly. Someone else is holding the rifle. I don't like getting my hands dirty. I've given you a glimpse, Sherlock. Just a teensy glimpse of what I've got going on in the big bad world. No one ever gets to me and no one ever will." Moriarty boasted.
"He's got nothing to confess to me." Greg said matching her cold tone.
(The die is cast)
"You've already admitted that you love him, don't try to deny it now. For all of your deductions, did you really fail to see it? Don't tell me the great Sherlock Holmes hasn't figured it out. Show me what you're made of. After all, brainy is the new sexy." Irene had been aiming for levity, but it clearly fell flat. Sherlock frowned looking quite put off by her prodding, but remained stubbornly silent. Irene huffed in frustration and before thinking better of it blurted out. "He loved you, you prat! Despite him proclaiming that you were not a couple, he loved you and if he is still alive, I would bet that he still does! As the old saying goes there are none so blind as those who will not see." Sherlock looked at her in shock disbelief written all over his face.
Nightfall
"Sir, yes, Sir." He answered as Sholto approached looking at him like one of Sherlock's failed experiments. It set John's teeth on edge. This was one thing that he hadn't missed in the military. The potential for abuse of power.
Greg Lestrade
Anthea's voice pulled Sherlock from his dark spiraling thoughts. "You don't have a choice. You have to push him. It was the priest's his holy magic and light which saved John from falling to the darkness completely, Greg's the best chance we have at keeping him in control." She insisted looking his brother squarely in the eye. Mycroft grit his teeth, obviously conflicted as he stared at John looking worried and a bit awestruck.
"All right, James. I'll do it. I can only hope that I can meet the high expectations." John replied hoping that he wouldn't regret his decision.
(I think, therefore I am)
"John Watson." John replied with a small smile of his own.
Learn to expect the unexpected
(Love Conquers All)
John shuffled around until he was sitting with his legs stretched opened with his wrists between them. He ran his fingers around the links in the handcuffs looking for weaknesses, but there were none which he could detect; the cuffs were on tight and there was no hope of slipping either of his hands through. He was pulled from his task by the echo of footsteps.
"Experiments," Sherlock replied evasively.
Harriet Watson
Aut Viam Inveniam aut Faciam
(Lift up your hearts)
"How did you meet?" John asked. Sherlock sighed and for a moment John was convinced that he wouldn't be getting answer to that question, but Sherlock spoke after a pause.
When Greg opened his eyes again, he struggled to anchor himself. He had slipped deep into the astral plane and was now gazing at the tattered remains of John Watson's soul. Greg felt his eyes burn with unshed tears as he took it in. It was beautiful. The angelic grace shimmered softly and soft melodic chanting pulsed from its very being. Pure light and grace, the likes of which Greg had never seen before. This was what bible verses and arias lauded. "Oh, John…it's worth saving." Greg whispered in a voice hoarse with emotion. The knowledge should have filled Greg with relief. It hadn't been for not. Greg felt his hopes sink as he took in what surrounded the angelic grace, the very light of John Watson's soul. Darkness cloaked it weaving its tendrils around and through it, attempting to choke it out of existence. The screeches of demons and other dark creatures bubbled up as the darkness strengthened and the light flickered and weakened in the wake of the attack. Greg wanted to do something to smite the darkness, but here in the astral plane, he was impotent. Only able to observe and not act. The scream of a small girl caused Greg to look up and he was greeted by a vision.
“You should have warned me! Not just you, but Mummy and Father as well.” Mycroft insisted as his Uncle looked at him with an expression which was difficult to categorize.
"Yeah, he's always like that." John shook his head wondering what he was getting himself into. "Come on then, I'll introduce you to Sarah, she's the head doc in the A&E. John followed as Mike led the way.
"Not a goldfish." That was all the explanation that she received before Sherlock promptly brought the subject back to the priests, which lay dead on her slab. "Well, are you going to get on with it?" Sherlock asked with a gesture at the bodies. Molly shook her head refusing to allow Sherlock to watch her work. Sherlock rolled his eyes then offered an even more outrageous suggestion. "There's a much faster way. Conjure. Let them tell you their stories." Sherlock insisted.
"I've got the bodies in the morgue. I haven't done the autopsies yet." She admitted. "Have you called Sherlock?"
Reenlisted.
"I may not have been able to banish her, but I can track her." Lestrade confided. "She slapped me and split my cheek opened with her ring. My blood was on her hand." Sherlock could hear the satisfaction in Lestrade's voice.
"My contact for John is missing as well, Sherlock. I'm flying blind." Mycroft admitted reluctantly. "I can only tell you his last known whereabouts, Kandahar. The rest is up to you. Narrow it down."
"Oi, Mr. 'omles, 'oes the bloke in your flat?" The boy asked in a thick cockney accent, which was characteristic of south London.
Greg frowned as Sherlock approached the church with another unfamiliar man in tow. Sherlock typically worked alone. Greg narrowed his eyes, as he looked the man over critically. He was unremarkable, about 5'6, medium build, and sandy blond hair with a few streaks of grey at the temples, and dark blue indigo colored eyes. The man appeared human, but Greg had learned long ago that appearances could be deceiving. He clutched the bottle of holy water concealed in his cassock and twisted the cap opened. He then threw it in the man's face causing him to sputter and shout indignantly. "Bloody Hell! Are you mad?"
"Johnny's MIA, presumed dead." She blurted out in a sorrowful voice. "You know that woman, Anthea, the one who works for the all powerful Mycroft Holmes. The same one, who refused to give me any information when Johnny was alive, had the nerve to call me to tell me that he was missing and presumed dead. I never got to talk to him and tell him I'm sorry and that I love him! You all took that from me!"
"That may be true, but he's powerful in all things, personally, politically, financially, and magically and that in my book earns him respect." Lestrade replied.
Greg looked away unwilling to say more. Anthea huffed in frustration. "Tell me." She insisted as her crystals shimmered with magic. Greg's relic pulsed warding him against her magic.
"Tell me where they are John. Please, tell me!" Sherlock implored. "You should be starting on Lestrade. He smokes like a chimney."
James Moriarty
"Aye? You know him?" Small asked in a surprised voice.
“I’ll take a hiatus from my studies, if needed. It’s not what I wanted for either of us, but needs must.” Mycroft insisted. Sherlock shook his head.
“John! Stop.” Molly’s voice rang out clearly alarmed. John’s eyes snapped opened as his focus shattered. “Don’t! Please, not yet.” John looked at her and saw her aura flare. “You don’t know what you are capable of.” John’s gaze shifted from her to Sherlock who had remained silent still looking haunted. John’s eyes moved to his wrist where the puncture marks were still faintly visible but no longer bleeding. What had he done? First Greg; now Sherlock, John nearly destroyed everything that he touched. Molly must have seen something in his eyes shift because she rushed to explain. “Sherlock will recover; but you mustn’t attempt to used magic right now. There are far too many unknowns.”
He knows why he would not come out from the car at Father’s funeral. He knows why his headaches stopped after Father died and why he was never allowed into the room when Mycroft felt ill. With absolute lucidity, he sees every gesture, every word, every instance that he has ever regarded as evidence for their father’s favoritism. Every excuse for the resentment he’s harbored toward his brother. For the first time, he feels guilt for feeding Mycroft’s hatred of his body, for mocking his weakness, for antagonizing him into striking you and demanding that you never compare him to that man again.
"Any point in asking where I'm going?" John asked hoping to gather some more information, but not optimistic regarding his potential success.
"You have to stop enabling him, Mycroft." Anthea insisted.
"Enough, both of you. This has gone on long enough." Not nearly, Irene thought as she scanned the room. Watson. He was the easier target. The bloody priest was good, too good. He was about to take her down. She stared Watson down putting all of her power into a seduction spell, but the man merely looked at her remaining completely unaffected.
"Aye, that's as far as I got, then I hit a dead end. I'll tell you one thing though it had to be powerful, the gargoyles are gone." Greg explained. Sherlock nodded as he glanced at the empty buttresses.
"Ah, but I know you, I might not have known your name at the time, but you and I have a history. You are quite familiar to me." He snarled, his mood changing quickly from falsely cordial to deadly as he paced around John. "You've been a bad boy Johnny, messing up our plans, plans that we worked on for years. We worked so hard to bring down Sherlock Holmes and what happened. You. Always saving the day at the last moment, first with the cabbie and then at the pool. I should have shot you then when I had the chance. Now James Moriarty is dead." Moran growled as he shoved a picture into John's face. James Moriarty's lifeless eyes stare back at him and the distinctive blood splatter pattern around him makes it evident that to John that he had eaten a bullet. John stared at Moran in confusion and taking in his expression, Moran began to laugh maniacally.
"Isolation during the first round of treatments, over 50% die after the first round. No use exposing him to the general prison population if he dies immediately." The man murmured in Pashto. "I don't understand why Moran has taken such an interest in this one, he's old, injured and the chances of him surviving are slim to none."
"Sherlock Holmes is a great man, and one day, he may even be a good one." Greg replied in a soft haunted voice. John suddenly felt guilty for pouring salt in old wounds. Some things were better left buried. There was obviously a painful history beneath the surface between the two men that John was unaware of.
Molly blanched and Greg snapped. "Don't threaten her!"
Fallen Angel. He had fallen from heaven for interfering. Grigori were watchers. While many considered them guardians, they were impotent, forced to watch their charges fall into danger. They were not to act, only observe and report, but he had never been good at following orders and now he was paying the price. After seeing hundreds under his watch be taken by death to meet their final destiny whether that be heaven or hell, he thought that he was immune to caring. But he was wrong; the girl had proven that. His other charges were taken naturally, there were no dark forces twisting the rules. When the demon attacked, he had snapped. The girl was innocent. He had saved the small girl from the demon. Where was the balance if one side would not play by the rules? He had used his sword to strike it down before it could steal her soul. The Arch Angel Michael had in turn struck him down burying his sword into his left shoulder as punishment for his disobedience. He had sacrificed everything, his power, his wings and nearly all of his grace.
“Pardon?” Mycroft asked unable to keep the incredulousness out of his voice.
Molly adjusted her sunglasses and tightened the scarf around her head as they moved through the Afghan market. She looked around for her target. The blond woman had been the only constant in Peter Small's reports, yet she remained elusive. Molly had called in the one favor that she had. It was a big one. There were many people that were indebted to Mycroft Holmes, but she was one of the few, which he was beholden to. She had called in her favor that she had earned for her role in faking Sherlock's death. Anthea had given her a hard copy of the reports from Peter Small, Mycroft's contact for John in Afghanistan. He was currently missing, but his reports told a story and Molly was determined to follow it to the end. Sherlock's words still haunted her "I think I'm going to die." Not if she had anything to do with it, she thought viciously. She had agreed to help Sherlock as the guilt over her role in his fall and then ultimately John's reenlistment and capture over took her. She would make it right. It had become a vow, a mantra and she was not about to let anything stand in her way. Molly had hinted at information and Sherlock had quickly deduced the source of her intel. "Mycroft, of course, all other men are specialist, but his specialism is omniscience." Molly's silence was confirmation enough.
Flectere si nequeo superos, Acheronta movebo
He stepped out of the shadows revealing himself, his thick Irish brogue breaking the silence. "Irene said you might call. Is that a British army Browning L91A in your pocket, or are you just pleased to see me?" Moriarty goaded. The great detective approached him as he scanned the scene taking in John Watson who had a red dot of a sniper scope aimed at him.
"Selfish. Fine, but if something happens to him, his blood will be on your hands, not ours." Anthea replied with a look in Greg's direction. "Anything that you'd like to add?" She asked moving her gaze to Mycroft. Mycroft's eyes narrowed glowing slightly in a similar display challenging his brother.
As John settled into undercover, he caught a glimpse of movement. Out of the corner of his eye, he caught the shape of a woman in a modest traditional dress with a headscarf. John nearly missed her at first. He was ready to move on with the exercise before he looked a bit closer. She looked familiar and for a moment he was sure that he has seen her before, but he can't remember when and where. John squinted trying to get a better look hoping to jog his memory. The woman was pale, much too pale. Porcelain skin with eyes as light as the sky. She didn't belong. Before John could contemplate about her further, a shot came dangerously close, nearly hitting him and taking him by surprise.
Greg raised a disbelieving eyebrow unsure of whether this bloke was putting him on. "How do you know that?" He demanded. The man smirked and answered coldly.
"I will stop you." Sherlock promised. Moriarty smiled knowing just how wrong he was and reveling in it. He had been toying with Sherlock Holmes. Irene Adler had been so useful, until the priest had banished her. Gregory Lestrade. He had been Moriarty's first choice initially, but he had proven to be an exceedingly difficult target. After a number of failed attempts, he had moved on to something that proved to be even better. John Watson, oh what a pleasant surprise he had been. Moriarty had assumed that he was human at first, but he had been wrong. Fallen Angel, better still, one which had not yet been consumed by darkness, still attempting to earn back all of his grace. The best part was Sherlock had no idea.
The door creaked and Greg looked up spotting Mycroft and Sherlock carrying a limp John with Anthea close behind armed with a wooden stake and hammer. Greg gestured for them to bring John to him. "Put him on his stomach, I need to examine his back." Greg insisted. They did as he asked carefully lowering John. Greg knelt down and peered at John's naked back still shocked despite Sherlock's warning. Part of him hadn't wanted to believe it, but the proof was there right in front of his eyes in the form of the enchanted tattoo in a perfect rendition of angelic wings.
Moran grit his teeth in frustration, AGRA's agent had done so well until now. He wanted Holmes alive, not dead. The woman would pay for that. "Bring him in. Stabilize him and if he lives, we start the transition." Moran ordered. Moran wouldn't be satisfied until he saw the man himself in the flesh. Jim Moriarty's words echoed in his head serving as a grim reminder. "In a world of locked rooms the man with the key is king." Moran sighed. He was close, so very close. Holmes had tried to take the web apart but had only succeeded in becoming caught in it. Moran couldn't hide the smile that thought had caused.
Chapter 29
John Watson sighed as he made his way towards St. Bartholomew's Hospital. He had an interview for a locum position at their A&E. It had been a stroke of luck that he had run into an old colleague of his, Mike Stamford, who recommended him for the job. John smiled things were finally looking up. He tried to ignore the ache in his leg and the stiffness in his left shoulder in an attempt to focus on the positive. Not only did John have a job within reach, but also he was going to meet a potential flatmate after his interview. It seemed a bit mad, really, moving in with a complete stranger, but John really had nothing to lose at this point. He chuckled as he recalled meeting Sherlock Holmes for the first time in the Morgue at Bart's.
“She knows. Greg spoke to her. She has left something for you in the flat with Greg.” Sherlock revealed causing John to sigh and then reply.
Meanwhile
"Faith can build with time, my son. You have just seen evil tonight, but know that there is a balance to everything. Goodness and evil are everywhere even within you. Lux in Tenebris. Light in darkness. Greg bit his lip and let Father's words sink in. He had nowhere to go and no family left. What did he have to lose? If it didn't work out, he could always quit.
She was the only one who knew the whole story. Sherlock had been so traumatized that he had sublimated the memories and replaced them with something else. Redbeard. Their sister, Eurus, had been his greatest failure. She had been different from the start, smarter than both himself and Sherlock. If it had only been her intelligence that had set her apart, things may have been different, but it had been much more than that. She was a powerful pyrokinetic. She never learned to shield properly. She had nearly killed the entire family when Musgrave was burned to the ground after she had been overcome by a fit of rage. That, at least, had been an accident. She wasn't the same after that. The guilt caused her to go mad. She retreated deep into her own mind becoming even more powerful. Her thoughts grew dark and vindictive. When Sherlock made a friend, a boy named Victor Trevor, she became furious. Overcome with jealousy, she had downed the boy.
"I am not given to outbursts of brotherly compassion, but I was there for you before and I'll be there for you again." Mycroft promised as Sherlock struggled to breathe. John. God, John. MIA. His vision tunneled and Sherlock fell deep into his mind palace and out of the shadows, something surfaced.
"So you're the woman responsible for the priests, I presume?" Sherlock inquired tightening his grip on the gris-gris ward concealed in his pocket.
"Appointment in Samara, the merchant who can't outrun death. You always hated that story as a child." Mycroft replied sounding perplexed.
“I think you keep things to yourself when you might be better off getting advice from other people.” Greg hedged unwilling to admit the truth.
"I owe you one, crack shot." Small murmured as they passed each other and Small was given his rifle as John attempted to fade into the background. The hunter now became the hunted. John's eyes his focused on his target; the mock barracks. His goal was to make it by the sniper without a hit.
Afghanistan
Greg Lestrade
Mea Culpa
Refusing to lie, he simply stated. "There are no guarantees in life, Bill. Even if something happens to me, I don't have someone back home depending on me like you do." John was referring to Bill's wife, Kate. "You're the one that should be careful."
They fell into silence as they arrived in front of Baker’s Street. Sherlock got out with John close behind. “Mrs. Hudson?” John asked as they made their way up the staircase.
"Thank you, Greg…your light, it's so pure and so rare for a mortal. I want to give you something." Greg opened his mouth to refuse, for John owed him nothing. Greg had merely granted his request. "No, take it." John said firmly digging deep into the pocket of his jacket and pulling out a perfectly formed pure white feather. "What's left of my wings…I want you to have it. It will act as a powerful ward and conduit for your holy magic." Greg shook his head.
"Bach." John named the composer allowing Sherlock to choose the specific piece.
The room was silent but for the tapping of fingers across the keyboard. Mycroft scanned the encrypted files quickly noting the audit trail. It had been years since he had hacked into complex data bases but he was getting desperate.  Sherlock had vanished deep underground into the Afghan desert and none of Mycroft's contacts had come through. He was still flying blind and he was not about to lose everything that he had worked to protect, legality be damned. He had been walking a tightrope since Sherlock's fall, but despite the best intentions and meticulous care nothing had gone according to plan. Mycroft had basic information. Sebastian Moran was James Moriarty's second in command. Sherlock had been positive that he was behind John's  disappearance. Mycroft was inclined to agree. The man was a mercenary and meticulous. His name was whispered amongst criminal and official circles but he was never seen or heard. The only proof of his existence lay in the trail of death, but it was so random it bordered on untraceable.
“What’s wrong?” John asked. His coach cleared his throat looking away before answering.
Welcome Back
"Thank you," John murmured feeling relaxed and replete. His eyes started to drift shut as exhaustion overtook him seemingly unaware of how close he had come to killing his friend.
Molly
"Bet you never saw this coming?" John continued keeping his face blank. Moriarty had to admire his control. Too bad it wouldn't save him. The vampire was hungry, starving, in fact.
1 month later
She had shown him that an instrument well played could pull emotions out of even the most unwilling listener. There was something about human beings that also responded to a long drawn out note. We all long for a connection, Sherlock, and music connects us all. It sees passed race, color and creed and speaks to the heart. She had whispered as she adjusted the instrument in his hands for the first time. She went on to tell him to say things with his violin, things that he couldn't put into words. Music could be clearer than words sometimes.
Sholto had talked John down a few times when he was on the edge and ready to end it. Though the feeling came rarely, but when it did those times were brutal. Times when he missed Sherlock so much that it hurt to breathe and that all he wanted for the pain to end. "I can't deny that I owe you my life James, lord knows, but I don't want favors." John insisted wishing that he had a drink to settle his nerves. He cut the thought off quickly as he was reminded of Harry and all the trouble that the bottle had caused her over the years. John felt a pang of guilt for not calling her after Sherlock's death after he had re-enlisted. Assuming that she was still sober, she was probably worried about him. John would just add it to the ever-growing list of things that he felt guilty about. John squeezed his eyes shut and was assaulted by memories. It had been a horrific day. Their combat medic was amongst the wounded leaving John the only other person who was qualified to treat battle injuries. Though they had managed to avoid any loss of life, there had been numerous severe injuries. Two of the soldier's were now amputees and a third ended up with an emergency tracheotomy. That hardly qualified as a victory in John's eyes. John turned his head hoping to loosen the muscles that were still tight with stress. While his performance hadn't suffered because of it, he was feeling his age.
Undisclosed location
"Nowhere, he's homeless." Sherlock confirmed what John had already suspected. What John didn't understand is how Sherlock could be so nonchalant about it. He was only a child.
"Thank you, Greg. I wish I could reassure you that what you see won't hurt you, but I can't." Greg nodded well aware of the risk that he was taking.
"Mrs. Hudson, do try to keep up, I was telling you about the army doctor. His name is John Watson and I've offered him a flat share and he'll be here this afternoon." Martha's eyes widened in surprise. Flatmate? Sherlock thought most people were idiots and when not on a case or on a hunt, he, as a rule tended to avoid company for the most part. Sherlock sensed her thoughts and answered before she could voice the question.
"I'm his sister. I have a right to contact him. I want to speak to Mr. Holmes." Harry said struggling to keep from yelling.
“I loved our Mother, brother mine. I truly did, but she was weak; weak to a fault, even for an Omega. Uncle Rudolph was the strongest man I knew, despite his Omega status. He graduated with honors with a law degree and became a barrister with the high court. He never confirmed it, but I highly suspect he gave council to GCHQ. By all accounts, he should have died of broken bond sickness when his Alpha passed on, while he was still at University, but he survived, despite being pregnant at the time. He survived the pain of a still birth and held strong when he buried his only son, Sherrinford before the babe took his first breath. That man could literally handle anything and our parents knew that. That was why they brought me to him. I miss him, Sherlock. Sometimes, God help me, I miss him more than our parents.”
John groaned as he finally regained consciousness. There was a dull throb in his head and he hissed as he attempted to open his eyes only to slam them shut again as the light caused the dull ache to magnify into a relentless stabbing pain. He was most likely concussed. If he was being completely honest, John was surprised that he was still alive. He had fought like the devil as his captors carted him away, fully expecting to be killed for his insolence. However, instead of a fatal shot that he had expected, he had received a blunt blow to the head with the barrel of a rifle, knocking him unconscious. John took a few steadying breaths before trying again. This time he was more cautious as he slowly opened his eyes. It took a few seconds to focus as his vision tunneled for a moment then blurry images slowly sharpened. He was lying on his right side on a hot dirt floor in a holding cell. There was a single bulb dull yellow bulb burning that barely illuminated the surroundings.
"An enemy." Mycroft stated plainly.
"What do you want?" He asked bluntly looking down at Sherlock's grave and felt his throat tighten at the sight. He would never see his friend again. He was too late. There would be no second chances.
Molly bit her lip unsure of what to do. Greg looked at her. His brown eyes met hers and felt her heart lurch. Greg had been having a rough time. After Sherlock's death, his wife had left after Greg had finally confronted her regarding the cheating. He had taken it harder than Molly had thought, all things considered. Molly couldn't throw stones though. She had been pining for Sherlock for as long as she had known him. She had finally decided to let it go. Sherlock would never want her. She had seen the way that he looked at John when he thought no one was looking. She had even called him on it. "You look sad, when you think he can't see you."
"Makes sense," Lestrade surmised with a sigh. "I'm going to send her back to hell, you can mark my words." Lestrade promised darkly. Sherlock heard the distinctive snap of a lighter followed by a deep inhale and exhale.
Molly bit her lip feeling indignant. They always assumed the worst. "I wanted to help. The Sergeant asked me to look at some evidence from the scene while I was working in the morgue at Bart's. They didn't know what it was, but I guessed it was a piece of the mane. I came here looking for solid proof. I wanted to stop it before it killed any more children. I'm not the monster you think I am." She shouted feeling her cheeks flush with anger.
"What are you hunting?" John inquired. Sherlock's eyes widened in surprise as John deduced his true calling. Few humans knew of the existence of supernatural creatures and the ones who hunted them.
"What is your connection to Sherlock Holmes?" Mycroft questioned as he spun his umbrella. The handle glowed softly pulsing as the runes reinforced the wards. Something about this ordinary looking man was setting them off and Mycroft intended to find out what that was.
Molly
"An asset? Is that all he is to you? Something that you can use? What did you say to him to make him think that you don't care? You always say such horrible things." Molly pressed determined to find out if Greg's claim was true. Sherlock frowned and at least had the decency to look ashamed.
"I have been reliably informed that I don't have one." Irene raised an eyebrow in disbelief. The words were hollow.
“I guess, yeah.” Greg said trying desperately not to give too much away.
14 weeks after enlistment
Wings. An enchanted tattoo in a perfect rendition of angelic wings spanned the entire length of John's back. They were so lifelike that Sherlock touched them just to be sure, feeling only the smooth warmth of John's skin followed by a feeling of safety and contentment. In response to Sherlock's touch, the white feathers pulsed weakly causing them to shimmer and flutter ever so slightly. Sherlock stared, transfixed. Angels. Sherlock knew they existed, but not like this; never like this. There were tales of fallen angels, but in all of his years, Sherlock had never once come upon one and had assumed that they were nothing more than biblical myths, which had long ago fallen into legend. Sherlock felt, rather than saw, the veil slip over them hiding them from sight. Whispers echoed in Sherlock's ears, they spoke a language that he couldn't understand. There was something familiar about it, though. Then it came to him, it was the same language that John had spoken in the church. Angelic, the language of angels was unheard by man, Sherlock had no hope of understanding it. "Lestrade…" Sherlock murmured. The priest would no doubt be a wealth of information, perhaps more useful than Mycroft in this case. Sherlock paused for a moment and then made a second call.
"Suicide is a mortal sin." The response slipped from Greg's lips without thought a tenet so engrained within him it came naturally. Greg caught a ghost of a smile on John's face before it slipped away as he murmured softly in response.
Greg had always felt different even as a young child. He would talk to children that no one else could see. He hadn't known what they were at first, but he soon learned. Spirits. His parents had shrugged it off as an over active imagination and Greg quickly learned to keep his conversations private. He had no desire to be admitted to the psych ward. As he grew older, he learned control and how to shield. After he was ordained, his power and knowledge grew even stronger. His natural psychic abilities gave him a major advantage in his order and in the beginning he often called upon lost spirits for aid, those that had not fallen prey to the darkness, and in return he would free them from limbo. Greg rarely dropped his shields now. After that night when Sherlock had nearly been killed, Greg had decided that the risks were just too great. Once you opened a door to the afterlife, all kinds of things could slip through.
"A bit of advice then, stay away from that guy." She insisted seriously.
"How long?" Sherlock ground out as Mycroft continued to lead him away from his enemies.
"Sherlock…Oh bollock's." Molly murmured softly causing Greg to frown in confusion.
London Bridge is Falling Down
"Ta." The boy said as he continued to stare at John suspiciously. "You really a doctor?" He asked. John nodded as the large hound made its way over to him and started to lick his hand. The little boy smiled. "Toby likes you and sees things most people can't. If he trusts you, then so do I." The boy proclaimed. John was unsure of exactly what to make of the boy and his charge, but he certainly sensed that this was no ordinary child. The eyes saw too much. Then something clicked. Changling.
John swallowed hard because he didn’t have an answer for that either. He was just 15 and Harry was 16. As much as he loved his sister, she was a bit of screwup. She hated school and was always cutting class. She loved to party and drink a little too much often raiding the liquor cabinet.
Chapter 12
Anthea
Impossible, John was given a medical discharge. He was shot and injured with a diagnosis of PTSD, as well as a limp and intermittent hand tremor in his dominant hand. Sherlock felt his rage at Mycroft build as he deduced that the only way in which reenlistment would be possible was if Mycroft had used his considerable influence to either alter John's records or make them disappear completely. He gripped the phone tightly as the thought of John being injured or worse killed in action ran through his mind. His chest tightened making it hard to breathe. He had agreed to this mission to protect John and now his sacrifice may be for not. Sherlock looked up and cursed viciously under his breath as he realized that he had lost sight of the subject. The mark had disappeared and as a result Sherlock had just lost two days worth of work. Bloody Mycroft!
"I don't know what you said to that priest to get him to agree, but you had better rethink this. It sounds like a disaster." Anthea said looking Sherlock in the eye.
"What exactly do you do?" John asked as his eyes took in every tool of the trade scattered all over the flat.
"That's impossible." John said looking at Mycroft incredulously wondering if he's serious.
One month later
Sherlock wanted to scream. For as much as he wanted to believe that Mycroft was lying, he couldn't. He had seen first hand the horror in John's eyes as he had been forced to watch Sherlock's fall. He had heard it in his voice as John had begged Sherlock not to jump. His fault; this was all his fault. In trying to save John from Moriarty, Sherlock may have sentenced him to death in the military. He felt helplessness overtake him and it was a feeling that he loathed. Sherlock took another deep breath and forced himself to calm down. He needed to finish this mission before John was harmed. Sherlock closed his eyes and drifted off to his mind palace to rethink his strategy.
Father Tragillio made the sign of the cross and murmured something so low that Greg couldn't catch it over his mother's body. He took the stake and carved unfamiliar symbols into the ground around his mother's body, which pulsed and glowed softly before fading away. He then got up slowly looking as if each movement caused him pain. He turned towards Greg and made his way into the church looking, not haunted as one might expect, but tired and weary. "I'm sorry, Gregory. I came too late for your mother, but I promise you her soul is now safe from darkness." His thick Sicilian accent colored his words and diction, the extra vowels making it sound almost musical.
That should have been the end of it. PTSD and intermittent tremor should have barred him from re-enlisting, but someone had altered the records. Why? She thought as she read on still perplexed and unsure of what significance this man seemed to have in order to justify all this subterfuge. He was currently stationed in Kandahar, under commanding officer James Sholto, and in just a few months time, Watson had led several successful missions leading to his promotion to the rank of Major. Mary studied the battle logs and frowned deeply. While Watson had ensured that his men were sufficiently careful in battle, he himself was not. He had been aggressive, borderline reckless in his pursuit of the enemy. Then she came across the missing puzzle piece that fit the actions together. Suicidal tendencies. The man had a death wish; this was why she was needed. She must protect him from himself, so to speak. Why her employer wanted this man kept alive remained a mystery.
"None at all, John." She whispered sounding smug.
Serbia
"What language were you speaking? What did you just say?" Greg insisted.
"Experiments?" John asked raising an eyebrow skeptically.
Chapter 25
"I had bad days!" John insisted before finally letting him go. After Sherlock had ruffed up his hair, they moved closer.
"How long Bill? How long have you been here?" John asked in a voice hoarse from disuse, squinting and studying him closely no doubt noticing that he too seemed different. It wasn't just the haunted look in Murray's eyes from the captivity, but it was physical as well. He was smaller, weaker and looked even younger. Bill held no illusions of what he had become, a failed experiment, collateral damage.
"What else is new?" Anthea replied sarcastically. "What has he done now?"
"I've been through officer's training at Sandhurst, for the love of God, Mycroft. Can't you work your magic to get the bloody requirement waived?" John had asked as he had bulked at the idea of being forced to endure a 14-week phase one training course.
"Anthea who?" Harry asked loosing her patience.
"We have our orders." His companion replied pulling a syringe out of his pocket and plunging it into John's bicep before he could so much as protest. The room began to spin and his vision blurred and John wondered what would become of him as he slipped under the veil of sleep.
He's lying Greg can see it plain as day, but Sherlock shook his head emphatically making a leave it gesture. Greg wavered finally deciding to let it go for now, at least he knew that the doctor was human.
"Are we done?" John asked stiffening his posture.
Murray took a deep breath in an attempt to calm down before he continued. "Sorry…I'm not…I'll start again, at the beginning. RAMC deployed a number of units, mine included, to the area to help ease the strain caused by the increase in ISIS insurgents. We initially were here to treat both military personnel and civilians wounded in the frequent attacks. Like so many others, our field station was ambushed. It didn't matter that we were treating civilians at the time or that we were all unarmed medical personnel. They slaughtered us like sheep. Those that weren't killed instantly were taken to prisons like the one that we currently find ourselves in." Murray stopped to take a breath and John nodded slightly waiting patiently for him to continue.
15 minutes later
He caught a glimpse of himself in the reflection of river, and after only three months undercover he could barely recognize himself. He looked emaciated and dirty. He hadn't looked this bad since he was a fully blown drug addict in the peak of using. Sherlock sneered at his appearance. It didn't matter what he looked like, so long as he could complete his mission and make his way back to John, nothing else mattered. He cared nothing about himself. All that mattered was that John was safe. He had done it all for John and Sherlock was not about to let one thread of Moriarty's web escape him and leave John opened to attack. He had been used as a pawn in order to get to Sherlock at the pool then again on the rooftop of St. Bart's and Sherlock intended to be certain that was never allowed to happen again. Sherlock felt his phone vibrate in his pocket. There was only one person with access to this encrypted line. Sherlock was sorely tempted to ignore his brother after his refusal to give him any information regarding John.
"Tell me, I need to know. The other demon in the church, what do you know about it?" She insisted causing Sherlock to frown. He and everyone else involved assumed that the two demons had been working together. "Don't tell me the great Sherlock Holmes hasn't figured it out. Show me what you're made of. After all, brainy is the new sexy." She whispered stroking his face before leaning back and staring into his eyes. Her irises turned red as she attempted to cast him under her spell of seduction. "Look at those cheekbones. I could cut myself slapping that face, would you like me to try?" Irene challenged. "Tell me." Her voice turned hypnotic and Sherlock could feel the pull of a spell.
"I don't know what to tell you." Anthea said. "Besides to do as you've always done and watch over him and you're already doing that." She then turned and sat on his lap straddling him. "Let's see if we can get rid of some of this built up tension." She began kissing the crook of his neck with just a hint of teeth as her hands massaged his scalp gently and her body arched against him. Mycroft sighed deeply and Anthea could feel his body responding.
Copy, please advise. Anthea answered deciding that if fieldwork was necessary. This time she would insist on accompanying Mycroft Holmes.
John looked around the training camp causing a bittersweet pang of nostalgia to overwhelm him for a moment. Though he was sure that Mycroft could have had the requirement waived, for some reason he had refused to do so. Perhaps it was just bruise John's ego a bit, but John had swallowed his pride and done it. Truthfully, it hadn't been as bad as he first expected. Put in your penance and you shall be rewarded. He thought to himself. While the new recruits were wet behind the ears, they were eager to learn and John had even mentored a few of them. He had managed to make a few good friends in the process. The one thing that had gotten tedious were the basic drills, that was one thing that he could have lived without. He could have run them in his sleep.
"How so?" John asked still trying to clear his head. He carefully sat down and couldn't stifle a moan as his hips and pelvis protested at the change in position. Murray's eyes darkened as he took a deep breath catching a hint of something familiar. Murray looked at John more closely and his nostrils flared.
"Yes, I trying to contact DI Gregory Lestrade. Is he available?" Harriet asked.
"Course, Mr. 'omles." He agreed readily.
"Yes, punch me in the face, didn't you hear me?" Sherlock snapped quickly becoming annoyed.
Cogito, ergo sum
Mycroft
Irene's words echoed in his mind palace seemingly mocking him. I think you're damaged, delusional and believe in a higher power. In you case, it's yourself.
"What! Impossible, he jumped off the roof at Bart's, no one could survive that." Greg exclaimed.
Molly Hooper
"One thread left, Mycroft. That's it, Moran." Sherlock answered in a hoarse voice full of emotion. "I can't lose him, Myc. Not now. Not when I'm this close. Mycroft's cold glare softened and Sherlock could see sympathy and pity in his eyes.
"Are you laughing at me, Mr. Holmes?" Knight demanded.
"No." John insisted.
"You need to tell him that." She murmured softly causing Sherlock to frown deeply. Before Sherlock can answer, the sound of the door opening causes Molly to turn. Her eyes widen in surprise when Dr. John Watson came bursting through the door with an annoyed look on his face.
In the Army Now
Chapter 19
"Sherlock, how did he know about…" She trailed off hoping that Sherlock would explain further without needed to put the question bluntly in front of the doctor.
It was one of the many reasons why Sherlock went by his middle, rather than his proper first name of William. "I hope Sherlock is expecting you, you little bugger!" She warned seriously. The sprite didn't answer, only flittered about aimlessly as Martha glared at it. Too bad Voodoo was ineffective against fairies. It called to the darker creatures like demons, lost spirits, and zombies.
Molly took the hair and made a show of examining it. She knew better than to tell Sally the truth. Molly didn't fancy being admitted to the psych ward. "No, I've never seen it either, but I can keep it and run some more tests and get back to you." She offered. Sally had nodded and thanked her before leaving Molly alone with her thoughts. She should stay out of it. It wasn't her business, it didn't involve the dead and there was always the chance of being caught whether it was by the Kelpie or humans and neither was a good option. But in the end, Molly thought of those children and the children that would no doubt be killed in the future unless someone put a stop to that creature. She had to do something.
"Sherlock Holmes, back from the dead? You've become a ghost, like me." She whispered.
The name sets off alarm bells in John's mind, but he calmly replied. "What are you talking about? I don't even know you." But that was a lie, John knew quite a bit about this man. There had been whispers throughout his training with SAS about blackop agents that had gone rogue. They were loyal to no one and faded into obscurity becoming ghosts. A name that had come up again and again was Colonel Sebastian Moran. AWOL for years, leaving no trace of evidence, besides a path of destruction in his wake. He was wanted by multiple government agencies for everything from murder to treason to espionage.
"And what's that?" John replied.
"That man is a miracle worker." Lestrade replied unable to mask his surprise. "Has your brother had a go at him yet? I still remember the first time I met him after working our first case. I've seen some disturbing things, but your brother is something else."
Molly grit her teeth and demanded. "What's going to kill you?"
“Right. Probably because I really can’t think of any circumstances that justify.... There are times when it’s absolutely justifiable to kill; self-defense.” Greg explained still unsure where the conversation was going. Sherlock had warned him to keep his head down and mouth shut, but it may already be too late. The British government may at this very moment be plotting his death.
"Alter you're service and medical records in order to allow you to reenlist." Mycroft explained.
"John, he's been bitten. He'll rise a fully turned vampire by sunset tomorrow. I can't do it Mycroft…I know I should kill him, but I can't." Sherlock choked out. "We're at the pool where Carl Power's died. It was Moriarty." Sherlock didn't bother to explain that it had been Moriarty who had been responsible for Carl's death as well as John.
"I would relish the opportunity, Mr. Holmes." She replied with a professional smile and it was true this was a once in a lifetime offer and she was not about to turn it down.
“I think you’re taking it for granted. My willingness to overlook things that violate my personal morals for you. It was one thing when it was about keeping Sherlock out of trouble and keeping your secrets but….” Greg trailed off wondering if he had finally gone too far.
When the assignments finally come through, John's official letter read Royal Regiment of Fusiliers. It had come as no surprise and had caused a rush of feelings to come forth ranging loyalty and nostalgia, to eager anticipation, and if he was completely honest, a hint of anxiety. John had grown used to the flexibility of civilian life. While the phase 1 training had allowed him to brush up on the basics and begin to acclimate back into active service, training was not the battlefield. John could take comfort in the fact that so far things had gone smoothly. It was surprising how quickly the routines had come back to him. It was amazing how much his body remembered, often before his mind questioned or responded. Some things became so deeply ingrained that they could never be forgotten, but this was no longer training. He would be back in combat soon.
Now that he had gotten what he needed, he sneered at her and deduced. "Wearing Anderson's deodorant? Wife must be out of town." She couldn't hide the flush that stained her cheeks. Sherlock could see the emotions rapidly moving across he face, surprise, followed by embarrassment, then and finally settling on anger.
"Do you plan to continue your association with Sherlock Holmes?" Mycroft asked pulling John's attention from the phone. His brother was texting him; Mycroft didn't need to be a genius to deduce that.
"Obviously." Anthea replied grabbing her blade and murmuring an incantation under her breath causing her crystals to glimmer brightly. "You must truly have a death wish." She insisted glaring angrily at Greg.
He had been 15 at the time and his mother at come to visit him at school over the weekend. His father had died the year before and they had both taken it hard. His mother had promised to come visit more often and Greg had appreciated the gesture. They had been walking back to the Cathedral after going out for a late dinner on their way to Greg's dorm. They passed by the graveyard and were nearly to the church when it happened. His mother had screamed as something knocked her down moving at lightening speed. Her screams quickly faded and were replaced by choked gasps and wet rattling wheezes. Greg had screamed and watched in horror as his mother was bitten on the neck and the creature pinned her down and drank her blood. "Stop!" He had pulled the thing off of his mother and when he met its eyes his blood had run cold. The yellow irises and slit pupils were disorienting, but what had been worse was the inhuman hiss that had escaped from the creature's mouth as it opened wide. Long razor sharp fangs dripping with blood glinted at him. Greg had let go and backed up horrified. Water was flung at them hitting both Greg and the creature and the creature hissed in pain as the sickening smell of burning flesh cloaked the air.
"And since yesterday, you've moved in with him and now you're solving crimes together. Might we expect a happy announcement by the end of the week?" Mycroft quipped sarcastically. He was tempted to cast a spell in order to force the man to give him the information, but every ward he had was warning him against it. Mycroft was curious not suicidal. What was it about this human? There was something supernatural that he must not be seeing.
Setting the Stage
"John and I came across her first, but I was only able to injure her before she escaped. I have a theory. She could be working with a vampire. The pendant, it had blood in it." Sherlock explained.
"Anthea." She replied not bothering to meet his eyes. His eyes moved to the gold band on her right ring finger. He could make out the enchanted runes and symbols craved into the band. More wards, he thought, Powerful one. She didn't make the ring; it was given to her. The magical signature attached to it didn't match hers. "Is that your real name?" John asked.
"No, I wasn't referring to the length of the mission, but rather, how long did you stand idle watching me being tortured before you finally intervened. Admit it, you were enjoying it."
“Do you ever think there’s something wrong with us?” Sherlock had voiced that question in the morgue at Bart’s with nothing more than mere curiosity. He had no idea of the true answer. Yes, there was something wrong with both of them. Broken; they were both broken. Mycroft much more so. When Mycroft was sent off to Harrow for boarding school, he dreaded leaving Sherlock alone. Fearing that their Father would turn his abuse to his brother, Mycroft had used the one piece of leverage he had over their Father. His silence. He had promised to never speak of the abuse to the authorities if their father left Sherlock untouched. He had agreed but during Mycroft’s holiday break after his first semester of school he had seen the man staring longingly in his brother’s direction. Mycroft knew then that it was only a matter of time before he broke his word. Mycroft had to stop it and he devised the perfect solution. He couldn’t tell his mother that was out of the question. She had turned a blind eye for years and would never leave their father. No; Mycroft knew that the only way to truly be rid of the man was to put him in his grave. Mycroft switched his medication; replacing his digoxin and lasix with similar looking vitamins. Without the correct medication, it was less than a month before their father suffered a fatal heart attack.
“That is the general consensus among experts now, yes.” Mycroft snapped in a glacial tone.
"Yes, I've been hearing about you concern." The man snapped with a glare in the sergeant's direction who flushed under the scrutiny.
Sherlock couldn’t know for sure, but couldn’t shake the feeling that he would present as Omega despite the long odds.
"The roads we walk have demons beneath and yours have been waiting for a very long time. The east wind is coming Sherlock; it's coming to get you. Let us put an end to this now before it's too late." Mycroft warned ominously.
“You’re not fighting alone, and there is power in numbers.” Sherlock promised with a nod from Molly.
(Death rather than Dishonor)
Greg nodded. John was right. Greg hadn't asked. The thought had never entered his mind. He tried to warn Sherlock of the risks, but his words had fallen on deaf ears and now in the end it was John who was left to suffer. Greg didn't know who was more to blame himself or Sherlock. It didn't really matter. Greg would make amends the only way he could. He would look into what remained of John's soul. He owed him that much. His light and holy magic was now fully restored thanks to John. He would try. "You're right. It's your choice. I'll help you make it." Greg whispered.
"John! Of course you are worth saving." Sherlock insisted desperately moving closer. The action prompted John to hiss as his fangs lengthened ominously and his eye's shifted to gold.
“And there are no circumstances you can imagine which would justify torture.” Mycroft went on and Greg began to feel like a suspect.
(Pray for Us)
“I know.” Sherlock murmured filled with guilt. He had failed everyone, especially John. Think, he had to think. He had to make it right. “John...”
"Bill…it's just…well" John trailed off looking bewildered. Crazy. Yes. Bill knew it sounded crazy, but that didn't mean that it wasn't true. Bill stiffened as the sound of footsteps echoed ominously. The captor approached as if sensing his prior thoughts. The cell door opened and Bill was pulled roughly out the door.
Mycroft’s lip twitched. “Yes.”
"Just Anthea. I'm sorry that I cannot help you further." Before Harry could reply the phone clicked and dial tone filled her ear.
Somewhere a child is crying. The sound grows louder as Sherlock approaches, but remains far away. Some memories imprint with smells and sounds, even tastes. Though only an echo, Sherlock finds himself looking for the source of the noise.
"I know you didn't mean any harm, you just reminded me of someone I lost just then. Mad genius, he could deduce just about anything." John murmured softly before thinking better of it. Small's eyes shone with sympathy and he replied in a voice rough with emotion.
"Dear Mr. Holmes, I can't find Bluebell anywhere. Could you please help? But wait, there's more, before she disappeared she turned luminous, like a fairy. Then, the next day she was gone." Sherlock quoted.
"I've pulled his file, but there is nothing even hinting at the supernatural. Did you sense anything, my dear?" Mycroft asked looking perplexed. Anthea sighed tilting her head recalling the car ride with the doctor. The wards on her ring had pulsed softly the entire time, but she hadn't gotten a sense of anything but an ordinary human. It was quite unusual and she could understand why it had Mycroft perturbed.
Greg was pulled from his sleep by the darkness. Greg looked around his cell cloistered within the small rectory. He didn't recognize the source at first. After all, few creatures would dare to venture into Westminster Cathedral. He looked around but saw nothing. But there was something lying in wait, he could feel it in his bones. Greg flipped on the lamp and was greeted by the sight of a nude female. She was beautiful with blue eyes, dark chestnut hair perfectly done, smoky eyes and blood red lips; beautiful and deadly. The red pendant around her neck matched her lips perfectly. The only imperfection was a burn on her right calf, which was strange. Nonetheless, Greg was certain that this was their succubus. How had she managed to get passed the runes and into his cell?
After enduring half an hour of bumbling questions from Donovan, Sherlock had been released. "Not enough evidence to hold you yet, Freak." She had claimed not bothering to hide her disgust with him. Sherlock hadn't been concerned. He had nearly refused to go in for questioning solely based on the principle. After all, he had nothing to do with the boy's death, but he had wanted to get more information on the murder and this was a quick and easy way to get it.
"Angelic grace, it's still present." Lestrade murmured as he caressed the tattoo causing the feathers to pulse weakly, then to flutter and shift much like a hologram. The missing pieces fell into place; that was why John had set off his wards. While not inherently dark by nature, fallen angels were by their very existence on the edges of darkness, until they earned back all of their grace and moved back into the light and to their redemption into heaven. John's grace was weak, but there was still light and goodness in him, but it was fading as he turned. John's grace needed strengthening, but he was turning. As that happened, John was being pushed further into the darkness away from the light.
He had been raised in London by French ex-pats. Both of his parents had been devout Catholics. Ironically, Greg had rebelled against the arcane rules and rituals within the church and though he was sent to Catholic school and served as an alter boy, he had lacked true faith as a youth. In order to avoid world war three with his family, Greg had simply gone through the motions from baptism, to communion, to confirmation at the age of 14. Sometimes he wondered how he had made it through the Catholic school system without being expelled. He smiled as he remembered nicking the sacramental wine before the service and having a pleasant buzz throughout the mass. No one had caught on. He never missed a cue. He had cut his catechism classes whenever possible. The Enchiridion had been unbearably dull, but he had always managed to pass his exams with flying colors, even classes that most other students failed, like Latin. That subject had been one of the few that Greg had enjoyed and because he was fluent in French he took to it naturally. The history of it fascinated him; the Roman Empire had been a thing of awe in its prime. It also helped that Greg had been fond of the teacher, Father Giuseppe Tragillio, who would later become his mentor. Unlike most priests, the old Sicilian had a wicked sense of humor laced with dark undertones and sarcasm.
Greg took a drag off of his cigarette releasing a stream of smoke with a sigh as the dial tone greeted him after Sherlock had unceremoniously hung up. Greg didn't quite know what to do at this point. Sherlock didn't want help and he and Molly were out manned and outgunned. This situation was quickly going from bad to worse. In fact, at this point Greg considered it to be a complete clusterfuck. Sherlock Holmes, it always came down to Sherlock. Greg could recall the night he had spoken the words to John. "Sherlock Holmes is a great man and one day he might even be a good one." That remained to be seen. Greg had thought that he had seen Sherlock at his lowest point. Now, however, he wasn't so sure. Sherlock had always been a bit broken, but after meeting John, Greg had caught a glimpse of the good man that he knew that he could be. But, now with John missing, Greg doubted that Sherlock would ever be the same. There was only so much pain and guilt a man could take. Greg could remember the day that they had met. The man had been fresh out of University and high as a kite, although, at the time Greg had been none the wiser.
"I wish to offer you assistance." Mycroft admitted softly with a glance at the grave. "It's what he would have wanted. I spoke that same warning to Sherlock and he did not heed my words. He cared for you, John. Never doubt that fact."
“Please, John. Forgive me for all the hurt that I caused you. I didn’t have a choice Moriarty made us all pawns in his game. I had to jump and he insisted that you see it.” Sherlock’s eyes were glassy and John could hear the tremor in his voice.
Apologies for the long hiatus. My laptop with all my word files including my outlines crashed and nothing could be recovered. I debated about whether to continue or delete all of my unfinished work as I would have to redo the outlines and rewrite a number of unfinished scenes. I decided to continue writing. I have not purchased a new laptop with a word processor and am writing on my tablet. Please excuse any errors.
John had been walking down the street after another fruitless interview when he had passed a man on a bench who called him by name. John looked at the man, but didn't immediately recognize him. It was after speaking to him that he realized that it was Mike Stamford. Mike had been friendly and offered to recommend him for an interview at the A&E at Bart's and when John had mentioned that he was looking for a flatmate Mike had eluded to knowing someone who might be appropriate.
"You're John's sister, Harriet Watson." Greg confirmed. Molly's anger was suddenly replaced by horror.
"It likely involves a case." She scoffed.
Sherlock
“Interesting, that soldier fellow. He could be the making of my brother. Or make him worse than ever.” Words, much like actions, had a way of coming back to haunt you. Mycroft has never concealed the fact that he never liked John Watson. From their first meeting, Mycroft found him trying, refusing to be intimidated, refusing his bribe more as a snub than out of any genuine care for Sherlock, whom he had only just met. His nerve in asking Anthea for a date without any prior encouragement or interest having been signalled on her part, as though she didn’t know what there was to know about him, from his pitiful income to his even more pitiful state of emotional instability. The arrogance of him, thinking she might even consider saying yes.
"Well, he certainly stood up to you and defended Sherlock. Even if we are missing something, he seems very loyal to him." Anthea pointed out.
"Anything I can do to help?" Greg asked. To his surprise, Mycroft offered a request.
Sherlock
The sounds of gunfire still surrounded him as he was blindfolded, bound, and gagged as he overheard enemy soldiers arguing loudly in Pashto. This one, Officer, the deeper voice of the two insisted as John was pulled roughly to his feet. Too old, kill him. The other countered as he shoved the barrel of his rifle into John's side. But look at the scars. This one is a fighter, a survivor. The deeper voice pointed out as he ran a hand over the expansive scar, which decorated John's chest and shoulder in a distinctive starburst pattern. John grit his teeth and bucked uselessly against the bindings. Very well, we'll take him as prisoner, but I still think you're wrong. He'll never survive the treatment.
John moved closer, his earlier caution now forgotten. He pulled back the man’s eyelid and Sherlock’s unique eye color greeted him; a mix of blue green and grey.
(Evil in itself)
“You think that I’ve done all sorts of terrible things I won’t tell you about because I don’t want you to think badly of me.” Mycroft chuckled coldly which sent a chill down Greg’s spine. Ice man.
"Here!" Sherlock's voice called out. Mycroft followed the sound of his brother's voice moving in its direction. Sherlock then appeared in front of them as the veiling broke revealing Sherlock standing next to John Watson's body. Mycroft came closer feeling his heartbreak a bit for his brother.
"Mycroft will be down for a while John, it would be best left alone. You may do more harm than good. Anthea, on the other hand, you must release your command. I must warn you though, she will likely not be pleased with you." Sherlock explained with a haunted look in his eyes as he looked between Greg and John. Greg could understand why Sherlock appeared so shaken. Soul gazing was an intimate act causing a temporary intertwining of mind and soul. Greg had been very lucky. It could have gone horribly wrong.
Outmanned and Outgunned
Sherlock had been ruthless in his objective. He must take apart the web. He had sacrificed everything. Not only his freedom and reputation, but also his body and mind. He pushed himself relentlessly. He barely ate and hardly slept. All of these factors had led to his capture and now, it seemed, that he may pay with his life. Sherlock felt regret overtake him for a moment. Not for himself, but for John. He had failed not only himself, but John as well. He would never see John again.
"He won't, it will be destroyed once I memorize the data." Sherlock assured her. Molly nodded and pulled the report from her rucksack and handed it to Sherlock.
"John's alive?" Sherlock whispered unable keep his voice steady as hope overtook him. Maybe it wasn't too late.
"Because he's a psychopath and psychopaths get bored. Stay away from Sherlock Holmes." She warned before turning away and slipping into the crowd leaving John angry and frustrated. He turned around and left the way he came intending to go back to Baker's Street.
"What do you know about hunting?" Sherlock asked fishing for information trying to figure out where in John's background he may have come across the little known knowledge. John smirked happy to have gotten one over on him. Gloating bugger, Sherlock thought bitterly. He would get the whole story. It was only a matter of time. As he plotted his next move, his phone buzzed with a text. His eyes widened when he saw that it was from Lestrade. The priest was good, very good. He didn't ask for assistance often. This would be a least a nine.
Chapter 20
"What about Greg? Not to mention Mycroft and Anthea? What do they think of this?" Molly pressed on. Sherlock mirrored her sigh and replied.
“No. Just to…. I don’t know. I just wish you would someone in.” Greg murmured softly wondering what went on in the all-powerful man’s head.
"Sherlock, are you all right?" Molly asked as her eyes moved warily from Sherlock to John who was now slumbering deeply oblivious to her stare. She couldn't hold back a shudder as she gazed upon him. Both she and Sherlock watched transfixed as his elongated fangs retracted nearly completely from sight leaving only the tips visible with John's lips slightly parted. The talons also disappeared and a pink flush entered John's once pallid cheeks. Molly blushed as she noticed a tell tale bulge in John's trousers.
"Greg…what I said that night, I didn't mean it. You're my friend. You always have been. I care about you, but John, well it's more than that…" Sherlock whispered. Lestrade cleared his throat before answering.
I can hardly express the sensations of grief and longing that I experienced. When I awoke, the agony I felt was no dream, but a terrible reality. At times, the vision would cease for months, only to return with redoubled intensity of feeling. I imagined that the anxieties and dangers of our profession must have agitated my mind, but my efforts to relax and calm my mind brought no relief. Nevertheless, I continued my efforts, and I established routines for myself of reading and walking about the room, even going so far as to smuggle upstairs some toast and other light provisions to settle my stomach, although these I had to conceal from Mrs. Hudson’s watchful eye. I was careful to tread lightly during my nighttime vigils and to make no sound that might waken Holmes from his own hard-won rest. I told myself that I did this out of solicitude for his health. But I confess that I acted too out of shame. I was ashamed that Holmes, whom nothing shook, might find me undone by a phantom, as frightened as the merest child.
I thought for a moment. To my surprise, I found that the subject was not too painful.
I looked up and down the silent street, but saw not even a stray cat. The whole world might have vanished and gone on without me, and I left alone to be consumed awake and asleep by the vision. This was maddening. I felt that I must see some signs of life, some trace of another living, breathing human creature. Without thinking, I opened my door and went quietly down the stair and into the sitting room.
“But Holmes,” said I, and in my agitation I rose and began pacing again as he had no doubt heard me do on far too many nights, “Holmes, there is no other explanation. Listen.” And I repeated to him the details that I have already related—the events of the dream, its landscape, the sensations I had experienced, the growing sense of dread, the nameless presence I could not reach, my fruitless efforts to rid myself of this visitation. Holmes listened without comment until I had done. Then he sat without speaking and gazed at the fire. I waited miserably for his pronouncement, but as the clock ticked and the fire burned lower, I became more and more depressed. I had at last quite shocked him. He must be convinced that I had taken leave of my senses, that my faculties were disordered, that in fact, I might no longer be able to continue in our partnership. At last, I sat down again by the fire and leaned my head on my hand.
“I know that, Holmes,” I said wearily. “They are beyond reason and, as such, outside your purview. Old wives’ tales.”
One night, however, I was startled out of my usual course of treatment. The vision visited me again—again I stood trapped in my own body on the bridge—again the trees rose silent and threatening across the river—again I sensed the presence summoning me with terrible urgency. This time, however, I could not wake. For an eternity, it seemed, I stood there, straining every nerve almost to breaking point, utterly alone. I thought my heart would be torn from my chest with my despair, but no—even my heart had ceased to beat. When I woke, gasping and choking in the darkness, I was trembling. I threw on my dressing gown and stumbled to the window and raised the sash. The winter air rushed in, filled my lungs, and I was overwhelmed with relief that at least I could breathe.
“You will think I’ve taken leave of my senses,” I said at last weakly.
I managed a laugh. “I fear my troubles would make but a sorry puzzle for your intellect, Holmes,” I said. I was ashamed of myself, but could not keep the bitterness from my voice. I was, after all, very tired.
At first, I was too flabbergasted to respond. It was now clear to me that my footsteps had not been so light as I had hoped during my midnight vigils. Too exhausted to protest, I sat for some moments in silence, nevertheless, trying to gather myself together. The fire crackled merrily in the grate. Holmes watched me quietly and puffed at his pipe.
Presently, Holmes got up and stirred the fire. He resumed his seat and said abruptly, “I am no interpreter of dreams.”
“It is,” I said.
This vision, when it passed, left me always with a sense of horror that I could not understand. I spoke of it to no one, for I must confess I was ashamed that so simple a dream should stir up in me this powerful and inexplicable emotion.
I could think of no reply. Indeed, I felt myself, for the second time that night, moved almost to tears. To at last confide in Holmes the burden that I had carried for so long, and further to receive neither scorn nor censure, but simple understanding, lifted a terrible weight from my shoulders. At first I could hardly speak, but I grasped Holmes’ hand, and I felt confident that he comprehended what I could not say.
Perhaps the John who had said that had been John at his very best, high on adrenaline from having a perfectly normal night out turned into a restaurant stakeout, high on endorphins from glimpsing a chance to regain some meaning in his life, high on oxytocin from meeting an attractive, interesting man who seemed interested in turn, who had brought excitement and adventure back into John’s life in the course of just 24 hours, who kept looking at him with those mysterious, deep eyes of his.
By the time the service is finally, finally, over and done with, Sherlock’s head seems to be weighted down with lead. He rehearses his speech over and over to keep his thoughts from straying into forbidden territory as he leaves the church. Distracting himself to the point of, well, distraction. And inattention to the fact that
“Since when do you care?”
John just hasn’t quite been able to pull it off and that in spite of his inability to think about much of anything these past days. Those realisations have somehow managed to stick while any rational, useful, helpful thoughts have fallen by the wayside. Whether John wants to think about it or not… whether it would be a good idea to talk with Sherlock about it or not… on the one hand, it might actually clear the air and relieve about ten pounds of weight off of John’s chest, but on the other, John isn’t sure the rewards would stand up to the consequences, not with John newly married and Sherlock unlikely to understand what John is getting at, nevermind actually appreciating it… well, whatever his initial plan of action might have been – and John has a sinking suspicion that that initial plan of action involved pretending that his doubts, fears and feelings simply didn’t exist, telling no one and getting on with his life as best he could – perhaps that part of it should be up for a bit of a re-examination too.
Sherlock can’t decide if he’s worried or not. Maybe he’s too tired to be worried, which worries him, in which case he
One or two heartbeats later, Sherlock finally manages to turn his swimming eyes towards his brother for a moment. Then they roll back to the other side in what could either be interpreted as an unintentional loss of control or a barely controlled yet unequivocally
Well… perhaps not
John smiles gratefully, but Sherlock is so captivated by his eyes that he only registers the change of expression in a slight raising of the skin beneath them. They sit like that for a moment, a strange atmosphere in the room and a strange charge in the air between them. It has felt something like this before, those times they’ve ending up sharing a kiss, but it’s somehow different this time. More at stake. A sense of decision. Consequence.
John knows a dismissal when he hears one. But he doesn't like the sound of this particular dismissal. He clears his throat. “You’re not alright. Or, well, you might be now, but let’s not risk anything. Do you have any food in the fridge? I could make some pasta or-…”
cared. I didn’t think you cared enough about me to be upset.”
He has to struggle with himself to reach out and put his hand on the door handle. It’s cold, untouched for years. Still Sherlock knows what is behind it. He may have been able to force himself to forget temporarily, but it has always been here. Waiting deep down below the old beech tree.
Sherlock opens his mouth. But it’s neither the biting retort Mycroft had expected nor the hesitant acceptance he had hoped for.
John frowns. “I thought I’d stay.”
Finally… “I just needed to check something.”
thing he’s ever heard!
“And as your friend. Especially as your friend.”
As always, thank you so much for reading. And thank you for sticking with me and this story so far!
And he
Perhaps it’s just because of Sherlock’s stay in hospital. John perceives him to be unusually vulnerable at the moment, incapable of handling any criticism and in need of constant support. When he no longer merits such attention, John’s doctoring side likely won’t be stimulated any longer and then the criticisms may return. Sherlock certainly has a lot to answer for, he’s well aware of that. But if that’s the case, if John is only being nice towards him now because of the state he’s in, if John will go home and leave Sherlock here alone as soon as he judges Sherlock to be well enough to handle it, well, so be it. There isn’t anything Sherlock can do to change it anyway. It is what it is.
“You should go back upstairs,” she continues as she returns to their table. “I’m sure he’ll be awake again soon. You wouldn’t want to miss that.” Her tone exists somewhere around the intersection between light-hearted teasing, genuine concern and a spiteful disdain that John isn’t sure he wishes to examine any further.
“I’ve been in contact with our parents. They’re on their way.” That’s all Mycroft says before he unceremoniously deposits himself in a chair opposite John’s, settles down to wait and lapses into silence.
It’s early when John wakes. The light outside is dim and dull, provided by streetlamps and traffic rather than by the sun. John isn’t sure what wakes him. His arm is asleep and his neck is protesting a little at the uncomfortable position his body has been forced to assume, but he can’t bring himself to mind. Not when Sherlock is still here with him, curled up against John’s side with his head resting on John’s arm and shoulder.
, right here on the couch, and he’s staying here no matter how fiercely he tries to tell his brain otherwise, tries to get it to disconnect him from his body and release his mind to roam around his mind palace. He can’t seem to find the hatch, the little twist in the fabric that he’s always been able to squeeze through before. He can picture himself moving around the room like a human hurricane as badly as he wants, removing his mind from his body is apparently not going to happen. If only he could return to the hallway and close the door then maybe… But he can’t find his way back. Can’t find the hallway, can’t find the door, can’t find anything. It feels quiet and empty and deserted inside his head.
In contrast to John, Mycroft appears to be all business. “So… first things first.” His gaze is more than a little condescending, looking down at Sherlock both literally and metaphorically from his vantage point right in the middle of the room. “Did you make a list?”
He smiles at that, though it’s not his usual smile. Not the slightly arrogant, smug little smirk that he seems to have patented. A genuine smile, a soft one that reaches his eyes and makes them shine. It makes him look a little older somehow, a little more worn around the edges. A little less of the razor-sharp mind taking everything in with perfectly unbiased objectivity and a little more of the world-wearied man who’s seen as much of the world as John and probably noticed much more along the way.
“Living somewhere near Lodge Road. They’ve just taken up the pavement. Very distinctive clay. My analysis is on the website.”
The meal passes seemingly in fast-forward as Sherlock struggles for some semblance of control and the time of his speech moves closer. He can barely eat, though he does try to put on a show for John’s sake. How everyone else manages to do this – relax and talk and have fun at these hideously drawn out social occasions – that has always been beyond Sherlock. But if it has always been difficult for him even under normal circumstances, now it’s downright impossible.
“Sherlock?”
Sherlock feels his stomach do a nauseating somersault.
Which begs the question what he’s going to do, a question he doesn’t feel ready to face yet no matter how long he’s already postponed thinking about it. He would much prefer the happy bubble of yesterday. But it's cowardice to continue to avoid the issue. It's not going to go away just because he keeps telling himself not to think about it.
He can hear voices. The people gathered around the bonfire that’s about to become his funeral pyre are talking, but the words are drowned by the fire. Just background noise. The seconds pass like hours. He’s waiting for inevitability.
“I have to think,” he says, looking into her eyes. “I have to… figure out what I want. Because I honestly don’t know. I don’t know what’s going on and I can’t figure it out because I’m afraid of what I might find.”
But John doesn’t permit him the embarrassment. The shame. It takes a moment for him to get himself back under control. Then he puts his arms around Sherlock and pulls him close up against his chest. His warm chest, familiar and safe and yet new and dangerous. Sherlock unexpectedly feels hot tears stinging behind his eyes. He doesn’t deserve this and yet John – sweet, strong, perfect John – is somehow still here, holding him and comforting him, making him feel as though it’s all alright even though he knows it isn’t. The lump in his throat only rises higher when John brings a hand down on his curls and strokes his hair in slow, meticulous waves.
felt about all this.
It wasn’t always like this. It used to be easy with Mary. With Sherlock, it used to be as natural and obvious as breathing. But John wanted it all. And now he’s taken it without the faintest idea of the Pandora’s Box he’s opened.
What Sherlock does regret is everything that followed after his return. Coming back, stupidly expecting to find everything the way he’d left it, getting laughably upset with every change no matter how big or small – John leaving Baker Street, John finding someone else, Anderson suddenly taking a positive interest in him, Mrs. Hudson changing her preferred tea blend – and then, biggest mistake of them all, thinking that he could fix those mistakes, thinking that he could make everything go back to the way it was, just by showing people that he was worthy of their attention. Since when did Sherlock Holmes ever concern himself with what other people thought of him? Since when did he ever try to change just to conform to some idiot every-man’s concept of a likable person? Since when did he put human relations above that pure cold reason that has been his guiding star for as long as he can remember?
John nods, though she can’t see him. He nods as a confirmation to himself.
, but then that thought is slipping through his fingers too.
But he has to go through this, Sherlock forces himself to remember. He has to go through this, they both have to go through this. There’s no other way and there’s worse to come. Sherlock wants to give John a chance to breathe and think this through and that, unfortunately, requires no small amount of pain. There’s no rush to it. They have time now and this requires time. Even Sherlock is enough of a human to know that.
It’s not that he doesn’t care.
Sherlock looks into Moriarty’s eyes now and he
There’s a click that Sherlock recognises only too well. It’s the sound of the safety being switched off. A moment later, a gun all but materialises out of those shadows and it’s pointed straight at the back of John’s head, waiting… waiting for Sherlock. Whoever is standing in those shadows, he (
Mycroft may have been right that he is a desperate man, but he failed to grasp in what way. He would never do this out of jealousy, vengeance or even pride. What he
It's then that John makes his decision, his final decision. He's told Sherlock that he wasn't going anywehere, but it's only now that he announces his decision to himself. He listens to his own thoughts as Sherlock lies snuggled up in the crook of his arm, his silent breath warming John’s collarbone and he knows. He can’t go back to Mary. He just can’t. No matter what may or may not happen between Sherlock and himself… if John goes back to Mary now, he’ll never find out and he knows he’ll spend the rest of his life regretting it. What he can have with Mary… safety and certainty and normality… at the time, it had been all John had felt he needed. But it’s not all he longs for. What he longs for is Sherlock – danger and uncertainty and adventure, risking everything and throwing convention to the wind. He can never have that with Mary. So he might be able to content himself with Mary… but he won’t be happy, not like this. Not like how he feels in this moment. And he honestly can’t stomach the thought of never feeling like this again.
“Yeah.”
Perhaps Sherlock wouldn’t tolerate that kind of domesticity if Sherlock wasn’t still in a pretty bad shape. Perhaps John wouldn’t tolerate that level of intimacy if Sherlock wasn’t still in a pretty bad shape.
If Sherlock had to pick one person, just one person out of the entire population of planet Earth, that Sherlock cares about, trusts, knows… that person would be John Watson. Sherlock cares for and trusts John Watson more than any other person, and that care and trust has been there from the very beginning. It feels as natural as breathing. Always has, which is strange to say the least considering Sherlock’s backlog of relationships. But John Watson has a habit of becoming the exception to the rule on just about every rule Sherlock has ever had. Knowing John Watson, however, truly understanding him… that is a massive undertaking that Sherlock has spent several years on and still finds to be far less complete than he would have liked. As simple as John might seem on the surface, there’s a whole world beneath that most people never see and Sherlock only manages to catch the most elusive of glimpses of every once in a while.
John’s arms wrap around his waist. They fit together so naturally, Sherlock thinks, lining up so perfectly to each other. But then he wonders whether that’s an entirely objective observation or just his transport once again hijacking his brain.
“Not always.”
“Do you want to hear a secret?”
Sherlock finds himself smiling in turn. Even if it can’t last, even if John is bound to eventually grow frustrated with him and return to his new home with Mary, even if John will lose his patience at some point and tell Sherlock to sod off and stop trying to interfere with his life… Sherlock is enjoying this very much while it lasts indeed. It feels a lot like old times, when being with John was effortless and entertaining, completely different from anything Sherlock had ever tried before. Everything John did had been exciting and new, a novel and complex puzzle for Sherlock to attempt to unravel. Sometimes he’d been successful, decoding John’s likes and dislikes or being able to surprise him with a correct deduction, but it had almost been more fascinating for Sherlock whenever he had missed the mark just a little. That John could be so ordinary at first glance – boring case of ex-military PTSD, distinctly middleclass, highly controlled by norms, unwilling to stand out – and yet continue to reveal hidden aspects months later, making Sherlock second-guess his own deductions and keep his overall understanding of John’s character in a constant state of flux… it had been an entirely different experience for Sherlock, one he had treasured more than he’d thought it possible. His social relations up to that point had been distinctly disappointing overall, with very few standout moments and even fewer people able to capture his interest for more than a week or two. John had completely reversed everything Sherlock had thought he knew about other people.
Eventually, Sherlock is the one to cave and avert his gaze. The exhaustion is clearly still eating away at him. When Sherlock is fully functioning, besting him at a glaring contest is not a possibility.
John isn’t sure whether to kiss her or not. It seems the normal thing to do… but Sherlock is
Sherlock himself has fallen silent, that unfathomable, saddened look returned to his eyes. But it only lingers for a moment. “Moriarty was dead, but his network was still active. It would have taken years and years to track down every branch, infiltrate and take them down using conventional means.”
“You don’t have to do it alone. I can help you fix it, Sherlock. That’s what I do for a living, remember? I’m a consulting criminal. I help people fix their problems when laws can’t help them. And isn’t that just the situation you’re in, sweetheart?”
“Fine then. But I’ll be back first thing in the morning. And you’ll call me immediately if there is a problem, do you understand?”
“It was… not good. I know that, John, I just… I didn’t care at the time. I mean…” Sherlock presses his lips together and John almost fancies he catches a glimpse of a slight tremble around Sherlock’s lower lip. “I wasn’t thinking clearly,” he finishes, though he doesn’t seem quite satisfied with his own choice of words.
like is the warm, almost fuzzy feeling spreading from the deepest pit of his stomach to the most visible part of his face.
In many ways, how Sherlock feels about Jim is the exact opposite of how he feels about John. Where there is recognition and understanding with Jim, everything John does and has ever done has somehow managed to be both completely in line with his character and yet utterly unforeseeable and therefore alluring. Where the attraction pulling Sherlock to Jim lies in an ever-changing, unpredictable nature overlying an intimately familiar core, the attraction pulling Sherlock to John is the opposite: a constant, steadfast, completely predictable nature overlying a core Sherlock only ever manages to catch the rarest of glimpses of from time to time. A core that evades his every attempt to deduce it, yet the frustration of failure is eclipsed by a deep fascination with John’s inner workings and a profound desire to know more. Not for the first time, Sherlock thinks that John might be the human equivalent of a beach: everyone knows what a beach is, what it looks like and how it works, and yet every time he turns over a stone, he discovers something new, and for every stone he turns, he spots a thousand more he hasn’t even touched yet.
Sherlock can’t escape the truth of it and that realisation hurts him beyond words. Because it
He hates himself.
“Basically, she hung up on me.”
“Exactly,” he repeats. “And you know, sometimes, no matter what you do… there’s only so much you can change, you know. Only so much you can control. It…” It’s John’s turn to swallow. His eyes are dark with sincerity, perhaps more so than Sherlock has ever seen him before. It almost frightens him in a way. John is not one to blab about his personal life. Discussing his emotional life is most certainly a first with Sherlock, even after all these years and experiences they’ve shared. Sherlock wouldn’t actually be surprised if it’s a first for John full stop, although he has certainly imagined what John might share with Mary on more than one occasion and felt not a little lonely, bitter and left out.
Sherlock tries not to speak. He’s out of his depth here, they both know it, and he would prefer not to humiliate himself more than necessary with his ignorance. So he turns over onto his side, back towards Moriarty, putting on a display of indifference that even Sherlock himself recognises as both petulant, pathetic and utterly transparent.
They order two cups of coffee and conquer the only table tucked away in a corner that’s still not occupied. All the tables in the centre of the cafeteria are still free. Most people in hospitals need a bit of privacy.
John breathes his umpteenth sigh of relief and nods.
So John simply nods, firmly but just the once, accepting Sherlock’s apology at face value just as he accepts that Sherlock is currently not in a fit state to discuss any of it with the level of care and devotion that is needed for this conversation.
“Mary?”
None of this is normal.
Sherlock looks almost worried, a slight frown visible between his eyebrows. As though he’s expecting John to say something he doesn’t want to hear. John takes another moment to formulate a reasonable argument before going for it. “Don’t go overboard with it, alright? It’s an important day, but you don’t have to devote all your time to the preparations. Hell, Mary and I don’t do that and it’s our wedding. You’re allowed a life of your own, you know?”
But Sherlock... Sherlock is and always has been the antithesis of John's rational want, just as he seems to be the antithesis of everything else in John’s life. The ordered, the ordinary. The boring, the predictable. The safe. Sherlock is diving headlong into the unknown. Abandoning any and all reason for a rush of adrenaline and a racing heartbeat. He tears through every pretense John builds up, however carefully curated. It had taken him a few hours to skyrocket from perfect stranger to centre of John’s universe when they’d first met. It had taken his supposed death and more than a year of grief-stricken loneliness before anyone had been able to replace him in that position.
“I made a little speech. I actually spoke to you.”
“Bedroom.”
He lets his hand run across the door to Baker Street as he passes it by.
Mary moves further into the flat, towards Sherlock. Places a hand on his shoulder, looks into his eyes and asks how he’s feeling. And Sherlock replies readily. His words are a bit clipped, it’s true, and his sentences are short, but that’s nothing unusual for him and John notes with relief that he seems to have decided to make this as easy as possible rather than cause obstruction and difficulty at every turn.
fit into their lives isn’t quite clear to Sherlock. But if it’s what John wants… well, Sherlock has decided to humour him.
Sherlock is watching him quietly, seeming to judge his reaction. He’s waiting for another rejection. He doesn’t say a word, but John knows it in that moment. Understands how deeply Sherlock has been hurt and how deeply that hurt has affected him.
“I understand.”
choice, irrespective of morals? Haven’t they been here before, many, many times, and each time chosen to walk away? How was that good for anything? How did it make anything better, easier, less complicated? It just postponed a conversation they should have had after knowing each other for a week and now here they are, three years down the line, and their mutual muteness is tearing John apart all over again.
Suddenly he’s a little self-conscious about the way he’s acting. It feels as though he’s baring his innermost thoughts, as though he’s somehow letting Mary in on a secret that really ought to remain between John and Sherlock. She’s his wife, his… his
“I’m alright, John”, Sherlock repeats, but his tone is still soft and pliant. Almost meek.
“You don’t know what I was thinking.”
“It wasn’t right, the way I left,” he finally says. “I would have told you if I’d been able to, really, I would. But just because I wasn’t able to tell you the truth doesn’t mean that what I did was right. Just because it couldn’t have been different doesn’t
Moriarty takes hold of his chin and pushes his head up until their eyes meet. Meet and stay interlocked. It’s intimate, more intimate than any other moment shared between them before. Sherlock ought to pull away.
Sherlock throws on his most endearing expression, all big-eyed innocence and pushed out lower lip. “I don’t know what you’re talking about.”
And it’s difficult to imagine a reality much better than this as John’s hands run over his back, pushing him forward, closer, exploring every centimetre, mapping every muscle, feeling every quiver. He’s making small noises of surprise into their kiss every once in a while, seemingly taken aback by Sherlock’s enthusiasm – or perhaps he simply imagined that Sherlock would have no clue what to do in this situation. John has always been a bit naïve when it comes to Sherlock’s less than appealing sides.
There was never any real doubt in John's mind who he wanted his best man to be. He's never considered asking anyone else. Even so, when he did ask Sherlock to be best man, he had thought it a somewhat risky question to ask. With Sherlock’s highly vocal rejection of anything to do with tradition and emotion, the epitome of both of which is the wedding, John wouldn’t have put it past him to simply and blatantly refuse. And even when Sherlock did accept, John hadn’t exactly counted on him being willing to do very much at all in terms of planning the actual event. Which goes to show. John might be the one person to know Sherlock the best and the one person to appreciate Sherlock the most. And yet Sherlock somehow manages to continuously catch him off guard and either exceed all of his expectations or cause him to have a crisis of faith.
The outburst takes them both by surprise, it seems. John sits as still and silent as if he was frozen in place and perhaps it isn’t that far off the mark.
John cringes internally, perhaps even externally. Mary’s voice is not condescending, she isn’t deliberately trying to make him feel guilty, she’s just stating the facts, but somehow, that’s even worse. It’s not words that hurt because the hurt was by design. It’s just the truth and it’s hard to hear.
It’s just difficult to remember that now. Because what he wants is what he can’t have, and he no longer wants it in a repressed, nearly subconscious manner. He now wants it consciously and actively. And he knows that Sherlock wants it too and that just makes it all the harder to resist. In truth, John is lonely too… Not on his own like Sherlock, but being lonely in a crowd can be just as horrifying as being alone. Perhaps what they’re experiencing is actually much the same thing, only in different disguises, and knowing that there might be a potential cure within his reach that he’s not allowed to extend his hand to is almost tantamount to torture.
“No hard feelings. Like I said, I understand. I truly do. But it’s done now. You can come home, and I think you should.”
As always, thank you so much for reading. Please leave kudos and/or comments if you wish, it's so wonderful to know that you enjoy Icebergs.
And yet, foreign as the idea may seem to him, he is actually here on some sort of social visit himself. It is only partly with his good will, though, and he’s been putting it off for far too long due to its uncomfortable nature. If only Sherlock could actually learn how to take care of himself. Then Mycroft wouldn’t need to be inconvenienced in this manner, forced to show up at the oddest of times to look after a little brother who ought to be old enough to look after himself yet perpetually fails to do so. It’s been several days since his brother last made any attempt at contact with the outside world, which means that one of Mycroft’s surveillance visits is more than a little overdue.
) is waiting for Sherlock to give the order for the execution.
Afghanistan had been
“Surprise.”
do, however, is to encourage John to come home in order to
Can he blame Sherlock for saving him from making that mistake?
Truth to be told, it’s not just Mary’s presence that makes everything feel different either. Sherlock is different too, though John has a hard time pinpointing exactly wherein the difference lies.
In this moment, it feels as if John has found something he has spent most of his life looking for. It’s difficult to define. Is it peace? Happiness? Love? Or is it just Sherlock himself, who as usual manages to outdo regular human conventions and represent everything that John has been searching for in one person?
Besides, with the way things are between him and Mary, it’s not as though there’s any rush. They have time now.
It takes a moment, but then John meets his eyes again. “I think that’s one of the things I like the most about you. You’re not faking it. You’re just you. And yes, you’re stubborn and pig-headed and difficult and this praise is likely to go straight to your head. But I want you to be genuinely you, with all the stubbornness and pig-headedness and difficulty that entails. I know who you are. And I don’t have to worry that you’re only showing me what you want me to see rather than who you actually are, because you’re not that kind of person.”
Perhaps John really fell in love in that restaurant. He didn’t think of it that way at the time, didn’t stop to consider anything and actively avoided examining whatever he may or may not have felt. But even if he did, the person he fell in love with that night doesn’t exist anymore. He died on the pavement outside Bart’s. The Sherlock who came back after those two years was not the one who left. And that Sherlock died too, died of an overdose and never woke up from his coma. Sherlock has killed himself. Not once, but twice. Yet he still stands in front of John now. He’s not the same person as he used to be. Yet his eyes shine just as John remembers. His lips draw into a hesitant smile that looks completely out of place on Sherlock’s face and yet is the most deeply
“Oh, please. Don’t be like that, my dear.” Jim leans in, nuzzling his nose against Sherlock’s cheek and letting his hot breath caress the underside of his jawbone, clearly dangling a kiss in front of him. “It will be worth your time, sweetheart. I promise. After today… after today, it will all be different. We’re almost there.”
It’s not just because it’s shocking, the way Sherlock has transitioned from wakefulness to deep unconsciousness seemingly with no build-up, no warning and no willpower of his own. It’s worse than that. Because this is Sherlock. And to see Sherlock,
“This is how it ends. Pain. Heartbreak. Loss. Death. He makes you feel that, Sherlock. And when you feel that, you stumble. You fail. You're weak.” Jim’s voice snakes its way inside his head, reverberating, it seems, from one side of his skull to another. Like an echo in a cathedral. Does Jim even move his lips or are the sounds materialising in Sherlock’s own head?
He awakens with a gasp. Stares straight up into the familiar ceiling of his living room. Sherlock is back on the sofa at 221B, his dressing gown splayed to either side and his hands gathered in front of his lips. Just as he left himself.
Despite these similarities, though, it doesn’t
But John doesn’t let him this time, instead pushing him a little away to have a proper look at him. He’s demanding an answer, an answer which Sherlock is afraid to give.
Mary does.
His eyes are sincere. John is almost tempted to ask him to repeat himself, but he acquiesces before John has a chance to ask.
. This is what he’s been missing, what he’s been looking for with John and Victor and everyone else he ever thought cared for him. Someone who doesn’t want to make him good, who doesn’t him to be normal or nice or moral, who just wants him to be who he is and who encourages him to be the greatest version of himself that he possibly can be. Someone who understands him, understands who he is and what he needs, who isn’t afraid to give it to him and see how far that might take him and what he may yet become. Someone who sees and wants the great man, not just the good one. Someone who knows that
Sherlock rants furiously all the way upstairs, his nerves obviously in tatters from the cocaine and his grip on his self-control flimsy at best. By the time John and Mycroft make it to the first floor, John's patience with him is already wearing thin, and it doesn't get any better when he enters the flat to find Sherlock curled up sideways in his chair, head on the armrest and eyes resolutely glued to the ground in what looks to be the opening of a massive temper tantrum.
He’s observing. Observing with the exact same level of attention and concentration as his brother.
“I’m sorry,” he says. “But I can’t come home. Not right now. Sherlock is much better than he was and he’s on the mend, but it’s far from perfect. He…”
Sherlock opens his eyes to the sound of a text alert. His muscles are relaxed. His breathing is easy. At least that’s as expected.
It would be so easy.
But that’s all he has time to say before Sherlock knows that he needs to get out. He needs to get out
Mary chuckles on the other end of the line. “Can’t remember who that reminds me of.”
, and I left anyway. I know you asked me to, I know Mary asked me to and it seemed reasonable enough at the time, but I
So many lies. Suddenly, he sees it. All of his existence, it’s just one lie on top of another. The lies he’s told himself, told Sherlock, told Mary, told everyone around them. The lies he’s told his friends from his army days, the lies he’s told his parents and his classmates. All of his existence, all of his identity, all of his thoughts and feelings, all of it repressed and lied about, hidden away because he’s ashamed of who he is and what he feels. He can see it all, a mountain of lies and half-truths and hidden truths and deceit, towering above him yet built on unsteady ground. And as he’s looking at it, he just can’t bring himself to add one more lie. One more half-truth, one more decision explained away rather than just plainly explained.
He registers his own emotional response and reflexively tries to cover it up with another tried and true stable of their relationship: bickering.
Until he does.
“Because I choose to.”
The answer does give John pause, though. Sherlock’s parents have only been here to see him the once, the day after his admittance to hospital, which John had understood to be because they live quite a bit outside London (in Sussex, if he remembers correctly from a few insinuations Sherlock has made over the years). Have they really been staying a block or two away and not opted to return to the hospital even once since that initial visit? John can understand it being difficult for them to see their son unconscious, but it’s not as though it hasn’t been difficult for him to be here and he’s stayed from the fucking get-go until the bitter end.
Then John’s brain finally catches up as he manages to actually think his own thoughts through to completion. And needs to swallow again.
“What happened to you?”
Sherlock feels his fingers lock around the pew. He holds on so tightly that it hurts where the wood digs into the soft skin of his palm. His knuckles must be white with the exertion, but he doesn’t take his eyes off the altar to check. It’s all he can do to not stand up and flat out scream.
Sherlock huffs in frustration, his eyes twitching rapidly. “There’s nothing
Does Mycroft truly believe he would subject himself to such a risk if the reward was a leg up over the police and some faster deductions?
John scoffs in indignation. “We can’t all be the world’s only consulting detective. What did you think I would understand from
It suddenly strikes John that this will be the first Christmas she’ll really get to experience. Last year, she could barely walk and said little more than “dada” for John and “sof” for Sherlock. Which means this year will also be their first real Christmas, the three of them together, a proper family.
John’s chair.
Sherlock looks up at him, eyes glistening. He tries to stop it, but he can’t, not like John, and the next moment his eyes are overflowing, silent tears running down either cheek.
He brings up the image of Sherlock from his dream this morning, pictures him standing there in the doorway to 221B the day after they’d first met. The moment Sherlock had let him into his life and saved him in ways he didn’t even know he’d needed saving. After the excitement, danger and camaraderie of the army, everyday life had felt dull and meaningless by comparison. After the plain mundanity of life back in London, being with Sherlock had felt like a veritable explosion of colour and passion. Everything he did was exciting, everything he said outrageous. That extraordinary brain, that sharp wit, that untameable attitude. Those things, John has always allowed himself to register. To be attracted to.
Under normal circumstances, Sherlock would agree with John without a second of hesitation.
At the bottom of the stairs, yet another door. This one comes equipped with a passcode system reminiscent of a safe.
He steps forward. One step, two steps, three steps, four…
And then it comes.
And yet there’s a part of him that’s wanted this for longer than he’d care to admit. A part of him that’s wanted more than just their natural intimacy and easy friendship. A part of him that’s wanted to know Sherlock, to truly know him, to hear his secrets and finally understand. A part of him that’s delighted in every little glimpse of Sherlock’s inner world and yet always wanted more. This is it. A crack in Sherlock’s infallible armour. And that hidden part of John is responding in ways he’d rather not think too hard about.
Turning his back on Jim is turning his back on one half of himself.
“I’ll do my best. A seven or eight might lure him out.”
John has borrowed a book on Jack the Ripper with (rather grisly) details on the exact location and form of the various wounds inflicted on the victims. He’s reading it aloud to Sherlock to help him fall asleep whenever his energy fails him. John’s therapist would likely have a thing or two to say about this, as indeed would any other sane individual, but it’s just the two of them who are in on it and John honestly can’t find it in him to care about the opinions of therapists or sane individuals, not when Sherlock's eyes light up like a little child's on Christmas morning when John accompanies him into his bedroom with the book in hand.
Not that Sherlock isn’t enjoying himself in the least. All things considered, this is actually kind of…
that John does his very best to convince himself are genuine.
What gets to him, what causes his heart to beat faster, the adrenaline to pump through his body and his vision to turn red is the way Sherlock seems utterly unconcerned about the danger he has subjected his own body to. John can’t help but picture the room where he found Sherlock, the rusting pipes, the damp mattresses, the scattered syringes. John can’t help but imagine him lying there for God knows how long, alone and high with no one there to keep an eye on him. Nothing about that decrepit house looked sanitary enough to be considered anywhere near safe. And yet Sherlock has wilfully subjected himself to that risk without even bothering to look for an alternative. Or, you know, just God damn telling people! That’s all it would have taken. By God, if Sherlock had shown the least bit of interest in seeing John again after the wedding, if Sherlock had given the slightest hint that he wasn’t quite okay… John would have been at his side within the hour. That Sherlock seems downright annoyed by the fact that his friends care too much about him to not just shrug and let him carry on doing whatever he wants… it’s the exact same hurt John feels now as he did that night in the restaurant some months back. When he looked into Sherlock’s eyes for the first time in two years and realised that he actually hadn’t considered how much his supposed death had hurt his friends. Had hurt John.
After about an hour, Sherlock is obviously tired by the commotion even though he refuses to say so or even to admit it when John comments on the dark circles under his eyes and the general slump of his upper body. But in the presence of a doctor and a nurse, Sherlock can protest as much as he wants. John and Mary help each other to guide him, gently but firmly, towards the bedroom and nudge him into bed for a much-needed rest. Mary tucks the duvet down around his bony form despite Sherlock’s proclamation that he feels too hot – an obvious lie, judging by the colour of his lips.
Sherlock unwittingly spares him that as he finally ceases talking and leans back in his chair with that all too familiar “do you get it now?”-expression that John mainly associates with everyone else definitely not getting it and most people being, if possible, even further from understanding the problem than before Sherlock began his explanations. So John merely nods and says “right” in a tone of voice that they both recognise instantly even though that hasn’t been used in quite a while either. It’s John’s old way of saying
Sherlock gives it to her anyway. “Yes, I think so too.”
Mary is a nurse. That’s how they met. Office romance. If you can call it that when you’re both nearing forty and one of you is only fully functioning around fifty percent of the time. Still. Mary is sweet, funny and a good listener. She has a soothing voice and a gentle touch and there’s understanding rather than pity in her eyes when he accidentally wakes her up in the middle of the night during one of his nightmares despite his desperate efforts to keep quiet. Most importantly, though, she’s a safe bet. There’s nothing too extreme or extraordinary about her, she’s just nice to be around and John likes to think that they care for one another in much the same way: not too passionately, not too recklessly, not too dangerously. Their relationship isn’t overly exciting, but that fits the both of them well. What Mary can provide – stability, reassurance, comfort, companionship – is what John needs right now.
Sherlock shakes his head with all the determination he can muster. “No. No hospital.” He holds John’s gaze, his eyes blazing with intensity, and John realises that Sherlock won’t be moved on this matter.
Sherlock hesitates a moment with his reply. This is it, isn’t it? He came back. He gave his word and he kept it. Why? Sherlock is still formulating possible hypotheses, but the facts remain.
Sherlock nods, smiling politely and, frankly, a bit impersonally. Maybe he does have this thing under more control than John initially gave him credit for.
And there they stand, pressed against one another in front of the fire, embracing and kissing each other with fervour and devotion as the snow falls outside and the minutes tick by towards midnight and Christmas Morning.
The world is full of obvious things which nobody ever observes.
Actual affection? John has his doubts.
All those thoughts he barred completely from his mind in the moment of execution immediately come pouring back in. All his fears and doubts and reservations flare up in his head like so many damning sparks of firework.
Mary isn’t about to let him have it though. She reaches out for Sherlock with her left hand, running it down his arm. “And what about you?”
wish to return to Sherlock’s hospital room. There’s no telling when Sherlock might wake up again, but John can already feel a certain anxiety creeping up on him from somewhere in the back of his mind.
Sherlock, thankfully, doesn’t seem to have noticed. He’s still chronically tired, sleeps ten to twelve hours a day and seems to be daydreaming for a good five hours or so besides. But he’s definitely getting better. He’s started talking again, although he's not quite back to speaking at his usual breakneck speed yet. He doesn’t slur anymore apart from when he’s already halfway to bed with one eye closed and brain function at less than 20%. His usual subjects of conversation have returned if his long monologues on acid stains and wristwatch brands are anything to go by, and his characteristic condescending wit and ruthless sarcasm have returned along with them.
With a choked-out “I’m sorry” – the first words either of them has spoken to the other – John gets up from his chair, hand in front of his mouth, and runs to the guest toilet to empty his stomach.
He probably ought to do something about this. It’s long overdue, who knows how it’ll look down there? He’s almost afraid to look.
doesn’t seem to be fully aware of what might be lurking beneath the surface.
It’s quiet in the living room. Not literally, as there are plenty of sounds coming from outside the flat. Mrs. Hudson is hoovering down in 221A and it’s rush hour outside, with multiple buses and cars audible from the street. But inside the flat, it’s quiet. The air is heavy. John wonders if this is what the flat in Sherlock’s Mind Palace had felt like. Or perhaps it’s the opposite: real life is happening outside, but inside, it’s all just window dressing.
“What?”
“Do you understand that I am the one person who can help you?”
“Because you were high as a kite?”
Sherlock’s brain supplies bitterly and utterly unhelpfully.
Something dark and disturbing twists around in Sherlock’s stomach. He can’t manage more than a weak smile and a nod as John and Mary move away in among the other guests. They sway. Sherlock assumes it’s in time with the music, but it’s difficult to tell. The headache is taking centre stage again now, pushing his registration of the music into the back of his mind.
“Hey.” She’s smiling at him, cheerful but not overly so. She sounds slightly out of breath.
I’d already taken care of Rosie for months. And so what? Do you think I’ve achieved any of the goals I aspired to when I was five? You live and you learn. I didn’t have enough data on the subjects of relationships and parenthood to develop an informed opinion before you and Rosie. Now I do. And my informed opinion is that this is the life I want. I’m… happy. For lack of a better word. Not all day, of course, and not every day. But I’ve chosen this for myself. Don’t you dare imagine that you’ve pushed something down over my head that I’ve not agreed to. I’ve chosen this. I don’t regret it and I don’t think I ever will. Not for one second.”
He isn’t quite sure
“Mm, yes… Yeah, I suppose. I mean, I try to,” John says, somehow managing to straddle the space between this calm, partly disengaged demeanour he’s putting on and sounding as though he’s edging towards one of his more extreme versions of social discomfort.
reminiscent of how it used to be – Sherlock and John, Baker Street, Mrs. Hudson, Lestrade and Molly and idiot police officers and tea and solving cases and working things out – and yet, somehow, it’s completely different. Mary is here now, most of the time. She lets them go out and solve cases on their own, to John’s extremely private relief. But she stops by more often than not in the afternoon. Sherlock seems to agree with her presence, which is surprising to say the least. Sherlock is against new people. That’s what he’s always said. He prefers to see the same faces around him every day. For a man as averse to redundancy, routine and established rules as Sherlock, he does live his life following certain habits. The people around him seem to become habits for him as well, a touch of stability to draw comfort from in his otherwise quite unruly and impulsive life.
Once might be a mistake, an isolated moment of confusion. Twice is a pattern. And when the desire for a third time springs to life almost instantaneously…
