"What about Cas?" he asked instead, changing the subject to another thing Dean really didn't want to talk about. Dean looked at him nervously, his cheeks red. Sam raised an eyebrow. "You seem happy when you're with him."
The woman moved in a little closer, just enough for Dean to see her features a little clearer. "The name's Charlie Bradbury," she introduced, holding out a small hand for Dean to shake. Dean obliged, taking her hand in his for a few seconds before letting it go.
They ended up following John and his guys out past the gate, deep into the woods. It was near the same spot Dean found Kaia and talked to Crowley for the first time. They had to keep a good distance so they weren’t seen, so they couldn’t hear very well. They mostly just wanted to make sure John wasn’t sacrificing someone today. They needed more time to get a solid plan.
Cas nibbled on the skin of Dean’s hip as Dean squirmed under his hold, grabbing handfuls of Cas’ hair. “Turn over on your stomach,” Cas commanded, dragging Dean’s underwear down his thighs to get them off quickly. Now completely exposed, Dean obliged, shakily turning over on his stomach as Cas sat up on his knees behind him. “On your knees,” Cas said, grabbing Dean’s hips to help position him. As he sat up on his knees, Cas placed a hand on the middle of Dean’s back, pushing his chest back down onto the mattress.
“Hey, I’m great company,” Dean grumbled, though he was also glad he had someone else to talk to besides his brother. New voices, new stories, and now they could finally go outside, so there were new things to try. Speaking of, Dean really needed to talk to Sam about finding a new space for the four of them. “Listen, I’ve got something serious to talk about,” he said, changing the subject of his heroism, because frankly, it made him pretty uncomfortable.
The next morning, Cas woke up and it took him a minute to realize exactly where he was. In his bed, spooning with Dean Winchester, after Dean had touched his dick last night. Something about that thought sounded completely unreal, but the strong arm holding Cas hostage said differently. A moment of panic washed over Cas as he thought that Dean would regret last night, but it passed as soon as Dean started waking up, pulling Cas even closer in the process, since they drifted apart during the night.
“Just tell him we had to make the deal. Something came up.” Dean knew Ellen hated when she was left out of the loop, so he didn’t want to make it worse by telling her about the demon deal and Cas now, after the fact.
"Come see our place," Jody suggested, still calm, her words almost inviting. Dean didn't buy it, but she must have seen it in his eyes. She smiled and it looked sincere, but Dean couldn't be too safe. "You don't have to stay, but I really think you should check it out. Please, Dean?" she asked, catching him off guard when she said his name.
"So we get to gank some monsters?" Dean answered excitedly. This was exactly what he needed. An outlet to get all of his pent up anger and repressed feelings out of his system without putting the people he cared about in danger. Cas would be safe behind the supernatural wall and Dean would be outside that wall killing the things that were a danger to him. "Sounds like a fair deal to me. Livin' here, killing monsters- hell, it's almost like life before the freakin zombies."
"I missed you, Bobby," Dean said, his chest tightening. "I missed having someone to confide in after dad took us away. He fucked me up so bad, it took me two months to tell Cas I liked him. Even now that we're- together, kind of, I still can't tell him how I really feel. I can't stand up to my dad. I can't hold Cas' hand in front of people." He felt the tears well up in his eyes anyways, despite not wanting to cry. He knew talking to Bobby was going to end with him sobbing. He had every intention of opening up to him, telling him about Cas, but he didn't think it would get this far. He sucked in a sharp breath as Bobby watched him, eyes glossy with tears. "Every time I think I can finally be happy, I just hear John's voice in my head from that night. Telling me I'm going to hell, how disgusting I am, how nobody could even love me. . . not even mom, if she were still around." That last bit hurt the worst and it made Dean's heart ache so terribly, he felt it clench and his stomach churned violently.
"We're okay," Cas confirmed, a fond look in his eyes as he tugged on Dean's sleeve to get him up on the bed, sitting next to Cas as they stared at each other. The silence stretched on until it became uncomfortable. "I think we should sleep this day off," Cas sighed, standing up suddenly. "Tomorrow will be better. Don't you think?"
As Dean moved to sit on the couch, resting his arm on Cas' pillow, Sam followed and sat in the recliner across from him. "Hey, have you been sleeping alright?" Sam asked out of nowhere, the question catching Dean off guard. He studied Sam's face, trying to gauge how much he knew, if anything at all. Sam looked completely innocent, unknowing even, so Dean figured he was just being dramatic. Sam was only being a concerned brother.
“In that case, I’ll leave you boys to it,” she sighed, squeezing Sam in a tight hug for a brief moment before she left them. She called out to Bobby to get him into the room, then walked out the door, locking it behind her as if she knew they were talking about something no one else needed to hear.
“Okay, okay,” Dean cut her off, the heat creeping up his neck. He felt Cas’ hand still on his back, but he didn’t pull away. Claire didn’t know any better, outing him for saying he loved Cas. Dean secretly hoped Cas hadn’t caught that, or at least didn’t think anything of it since Claire sounded so frantic right now. “We’ll go with Cas’ original plan. You and me out there, alright? Just promise me you’ll stay away from John.”
Sam mumbled something Dean didn’t understand, tossing and turning until he finally faced Dean, his face pale and sweaty. “Did you have any trouble?” he asked, referring to the undead. “I should’ve been with you.”
“I’m fine,” Dean croaked, pushing past Sam to get inside before Sam could say anything else to convince Dean otherwise. Dean didn’t bother knocking as he walked through the door, calling out, “Ellen, you home?” as he stepped into the living room and looked around carefully.
“Yeah,” Dean mumbled, pushing his mostly empty plate to the side as he ran a hand over his chin. He needed to tell Jo the truth, and now seemed about as good of a time as any. “Listen, Jo, there’s something I need to-” he started, his chest clenching. He was cut off by a hand clamped over his mouth, Jo’s eyes wide as she pointed at her ears, telling Dean to listen. He nodded slowly, her hand dropping back to her side as Dean reached for his gun, listening intently to the surroundings. He heard it a few seconds later. A shuffling of leaves on the ground, a small snap of a twig and. . . a low growl.
Dean nodded slowly, eyes glued to the front door. “I can do this,” he repeated, taking one step at a time towards the door. He stopped at the top of the stairs, turning back to look at Jo with a terrified look in his eyes.
"Cas, the jacket!" Dean called, wherever he had gone off to. Cas got away, but Dean didn't see where he ran. He felt his arms giving out, the razor sharp teeth gradually getting closer and closer to his flesh. The hunger crazed monster growled and snarled, drooling all over Dean's face, not even speaking. Dean groaned, turning his head slightly to avoid getting freaking vampire saliva in his mouth. "Cas, now would be a great time to find that jacket!" Dean yelled, his arms shaking under the weight of the body holding him down.
Dean was a little taken aback by her sudden change in tone, but he quickly reeled it in and realized he had to get a handle of this before more people got hurt. “Charlie, nothing you could have said or done would have stopped him from taking your place. It’s who he is. He’d do it for anyone he cares about, and he wouldn’t want you blaming yourself.”
“Dean,” Cas’ voice cracked, stopping Dean immediately. He turned slowly, meeting Cas’ eyes again. There was something in them, something Dean hadn’t seen before. A longing gaze, almost as if Cas were reaching out to grab him without actually moving. Dean watched Cas’ throat swallow nervously as his hands curled up at his sides. “Don’t go.”
Cas woke up in the middle of the night, his chest tight as he tried to catch his breath. It took him a second to realize he was having an panic attack again, because it hadn't happened in his sleep in months. He sat up in bed, wrapping his arms around himself as he tried to ground himself, but nothing was working. He tried taking deep breaths, but he couldn't force himself to breathe. He pushed the covers away from his shaking body, bringing his knees to his chest. Still, nothing worked. He didn't realize he was crying until something moved on the floor. Cas then remembered that Dean had fallen asleep there, and now was going to witness his panic attack. That only made it worse and now he felt even more helpless, wishing he could just shove his pillow over his head and it stop it all.
"I won't move," Dean promised, wiping a sweaty palm on his thigh as Cas smiled sweetly, finally looking away. Dean shifted around until he was semi-comfortable on the ground, but with his throbbing dick and how hard the floor was under his knees, it wasn't easy to sit still. Not to mention, Cas was still standing over him, counting the supplies in the cabinet above Dean's head. It was nothing short of teasing, which only made Dean's situation much worse.
Dean ignored him for a moment, holding Charlie’s face in his hands as he looked at her, making sure she was okay. She gave him a reassuring smile as he kissed the top of her head and gently pushed her over to Cas and Jo. “If you touch my friends again, it’s not gonna be pretty,” Dean threatened, acting as a wall between his friends and John.
Crowley flung Dean out of the way, sending him into the nearest tree. Dean hit the ground with a groan, the air briefly leaving his lungs as he tried to catch his breath. By the time he was on his feet again, Crowley had let Cas go and Cas was slowly getting back to his feet. "There, the angel is healed. The deal is complete," Crowley said, looking at Dean as if there were more to say.
!” Dean yelled, grabbing the front of his brother’s shirt. “Either help me, or get the hell out of my way!” He should have felt guilty for the scared look on Sam’s face, but he couldn’t find it in him to care.
Dean glanced at Cas, raising an eyebrow. "That won't be necessary," Dean assured them, dropping his blanket on the floor at his feet. "I'll be sleeping right here to keep watch. If anything breaks in, I'll be the first to hear it." He was a light enough sleeper, if a vamp or something equally as monstrous decided to stop in for a midnight snack, he could stop them before they got to anyone upstairs. He slept with his gun and machete next to his pillow anyways.
Dean stared at the man for a few long seconds, trying to piece things together in his head. This was the same man from the woods when Kaia showed up, dressed in the same clean looking suit, the same beady eyes, even standing in the same stance- feet apart, hands in pockets, and that stupid smug grin on his face.
Sam called Dean’s name, running after him, but Dean didn’t stop or even slow down. It would take him a while to get back to town, but John didn’t have more than a thirty minute head start. He could do it. He had to.
"I believe you," Dean promised. Claire had tears in her eyes and Dean wanted desperately to be able to help more, to keep her from feeling so broken. He knew nothing would help except bringing Kaia back safe and sound. "When was the last time you saw her? And what happened then?"
Just as he promised, Crowley was waiting in the usual spot. When he saw them with John in tow, he genuinely looked surprised, as if he didn't believe they had it in them. "Boys! I'm so glad you could make it!" he grinned, the smirk turning sinister as Sam pushed John forward towards Crowley's feet. John fell to his knees with a groan. "Hello, John. Always a pleasure," he added sarcastically.
The woman raised her eyebrows, offering one small nod. "Okay, same time?" She waited, not moving until Dean agreed. They moved in sync, both taking one hand off at a time until finally there were no weapons out threatening to kill people. Dean felt Cas relax against his back, taking a step away from him. "My name's Jody," the woman shared, holding her hands at her sides, as if to prove she wouldn't go for her weapon again.
“I just finished up,” Jack confirmed, his eyebrows drawing together in confusion. “Dean, seriously, what’s wrong?”
Suddenly, Cas stood up from the table, which pretty much forced Dean to look at him in surprise. Dean's chest clenched at that expression, stoic and blank as he had thought it would be. Only, it seemed forced. "You okay, buddy?" Dean asked, his throat suddenly dry.
Finally! I've been writing non-stop to supply you guys with these quick updates, so let's just pray I don't lose my motivation.
“Brother?” Cas stopped him, before he could even turn away from them. He could have mentioned it earlier, but it didn’t come up. Not that these guys needed to know anyways.
Cas chuckled softly, running his thumb gently over Dean's stubbled cheek. "I am quite exhausted now," he admitted. "Would you join me in bed?"
After what felt like an eternity, they made it to the medical building where both Bobby and John helped Dean through the door after they sent Jo home to calm down. Once in the door, Dean heard a familiar voice from outside his field of vision. "Shit, Dean?" Charlie asked, suddenly appearing in front of him. He knew Cas would be here, but the last person he expected was Charlie. He guessed it made sense that Charlie would be the one to request Cas on her service. "What happened?" she demanded, moving him to one of the three beds that were in the rather small room. It was just a house that had been converted into a medical space, but they had to work with what they had.
“Boys, what a nice surprise,” Ellen greeted them with a smile. “We were just about to go to dinner if you want to join us.”
"Something like that," Cas admitted, holding his breath as Dean moved closer, resting his head on Castiel's chest, right over his heart. Hesitantly, Cas reached up and carded his hand through Dean's hair, receiving an appreciative hum from the boy. "I hate to ruin the moment. . . but what exactly does this mean?" he asked, because he couldn't handle rejection well. So better to get it out of the way now instead of later, after he had managed to do something stupid, like fall for Dean Winchester.
Dean glanced at Jody, determining if she was trustworthy enough to talk about Cas in front of. Finally, he sighed and looked back at Sam. “Cas didn’t want to let me go,” he explained, face a little red. “He was worried about me. Said I might do something reckless since I’m so sleep deprived.”
Cas audibly swallowed before shaking his head. “When you left earlier, I thought that was you saying you didn’t want me,” he admitted, voice small. “But now-” he cut himself off, but Dean understood. “What is this, exactly?” he finally asked, looking up at Dean, still holding onto him. They were close enough to kiss again, and Dean thought about it, but he figured he owed Cas an explanation first.
"Dean, does your car have a cassette player?" Jack wondered from the backseat, his hands folded in his lap as he watched the world through the window, sometimes glancing at the others in the car. Clearly, the kid had never been in a moving vehicle before. He was quiet for the most part, but every now and then, he would mumble to himself, or ask Castiel some simple question about something he had seen through the window. Dean enjoyed looking up and seeing the wonder in the kid's eyes. It reminded him of his own childhood, before he was forced to grow up too soon after his mom's death. Jack's boyish wonder was like a breath of fresh air.
Dean felt the heat creeping up his neck. He didn’t want to admit that he was nervous, but really, he was. “Jo got us out of that,” he explained, rubbing his hand over the back of his neck. “So, how about a date?”
"Dean, there's a nice woman at the door who says she's taking us to dinner," Jack explained, his voice hushed as Dean slowly blinked his eyes, waking himself up. "Sam is still sleeping and Castiel won't open his door. Do you think you could get them? I'm starving." Jack wore that look Sam had taught him. The one that always got them what they wanted because it was impossible to say no.
Twenty minutes later, the four of them sat in the Impala, the girls in the back, Cas in the passenger seat next to Dean. Jo barked directions at Dean and he followed without question, because he didn’t want to find out what would happen if he told her no. Besides, he was just along for the ride. The girls had planned this whole thing. As Dean drove, Cas played the only tape Dean had in the car for some background noise.
“So you and Charlie are friends?” Dean wondered, trying to make conversation that would safely steer things away from thinking about Cas.
"I felt guilty," Sam admitted, laying his cards face down on the table. Neither of them were really into the game anymore anyways, but Dean still held his, using them to occupy his shaking hand. "The past ten years, I thought he was dead. The last thing I said to him was 'fuck you, dad. I'm never coming back' so that ate away at me. Then we found him and I thought I could make things right. But he hasn't changed."
"Fine, whatever," Dean snapped, which satisfied Charlie enough for her to back off, slipping her hand out of his as she crossed her arms over her chest with a triumphant grin. "I should probably hate you for this," he added, because he was still pissed about it.
Charlie stood up a little straighter, giving Dean a stern look. “This is my fault, Dean. I want to help. Tell us what we can do, or we’ll go after him ourselves.”
"You look tense," Cas observed, a small smirk on his lips. Dean glanced at him, raising an eyebrow as if asking what the hell he was talking about. "You just look like you could use a. . . distraction," Cas said, emphasizing the distraction part. Dean still looked confused for a split second before realization sank in, and then his face turned a dark shade of red. "So?" Cas continued, crawling onto the bed over top of Dean, waiting for an answer.
“I-” Dean started, the words getting lost before they could reach his tongue. He had so many things he wanted to say, things he needed to tell Cas before things got too bad. Cas needed to know how much Dean cared, but right now, Dean wasn’t thinking straight. Not with everything else going on.
“It was even before that for me,” Dean admitted, his heart racing as Cas scooted closer, their hips pressed together. “I don’t know when exactly. Maybe since I’ve met you, as crazy as that sounds.”
"Yeah," Dean breathed, swallowing hard as Cas only moved closer to him, until their legs were nearly pressed together, Castiel's lips inches from Dean's, looking pretty damn inviting. "Like that," he mumbled. He tapped Cas' arm, waving him back so he could breathe normally again. He didn't want to explain to Cas, or to himself really, why he was acting so weird. Why he was suddenly thinking about Cas' lips, or why his heart was beating out of his chest. "Let's go back downstairs and check in with Sam and Jack. I'm starving," he said, changing the subject so he could turn away from Cas. He walked back downstairs, Cas' heavy footsteps right behind him.
, it made his heart pound. Both girls gave him similarly questionable looks, like they were proud of him, but also very confused. He gave them a small shrug.
Jack chuckled, not buying into the fake hurt on Dean's face. "Thanks for today," he said instead, backing away slowly. "I'll see you for dinner!"
things. Things Dean really wanted to do, but without both arms, the experience just wouldn't be the same. Cas assured him they would have plenty of alone time together once his arm was free, so Dean was counting the days.
“In my day, if a ‘friend’ was ever that possessive of me, he’d get called a fag and kicked to the curb,” John growled, his hands tightening into fists. Dean knew things were about to get ugly and he’d rather not have an audience for that.
"You saved my life, Dean," she said quietly, glancing at him for a moment before looking away again, staring at her fingers. "Thank you."
"Thank you," Cas said softly, taking his food as Dean sat a couple steps below him, leaning back against the wall with his plate in his lap.
Dean smiled back, kissing her cheek in greeting. Dean found that he really liked Ellen and thought she was a good match for Bobby. Even though he had only met her for the first time when they first moved here a few weeks ago, it felt like he had known her much longer. “We actually need to talk to Bobby,” Dean said, and then, “but thanks for the offer, Ellen. We appreciate it.”
"You don't have to," Cas answered, sitting up on his elbow, still palming Dean through the incredibly thin material of his sweatpants. "I know your arm is still hurting, Dean. There's no possible way it could be comfortable for you-"
“I love you, too,” Cas whispered, pressing his lips to Dean’s forehead before crushing him in a tight hug. “Now, please come back to bed?”
“Dean, you’re amazing,” Cas mumbled, leaning down to kiss him until Dean was completely out of breath. Cas pulled back, his hips finding a steady rhythm as Dean’s legs wrapped around Cas’ waist, pulling him closer. “You feel so good,” Cas continued praising him. Dean knew this was an awkward angle, but he wanted to see Cas, to kiss him like this, hold him as Cas fucked him slow and sweet.
"Right," Sam nodded, grabbing the sleeve of Jack's coat to pull him along to a different room. Dean watched them disappear before gesturing for Cas to follow him up the stairs.
, Dean.” His hands tightened on Dean’s waist, as if Cas wanted to make sure he wasn’t going anywhere. As long as Cas was looking at him like that, Dean wasn’t moving.
While Dean knew Sammy was joking, he still gave him a serious look. "I was trying to protect you. Anyone who helps me, if dad knows, he'll hurt you too." He hated that he was keeping it from Sam, but he knew it was necessary. He wanted to keep it from him longer, if not for Cas not getting any sleep on the damn couch. Sam just had to keep quiet, even if things went south. Dean needed him to understand that, but he had a gut feeling that Sam would never sit back while Dean took John's beatings. Any time John laid a hand on Dean when they were kids, Sam tried to jump in. Dean had to push him out of the way so many times to protect the kid. He was no different now.
Dean chuckled, ducking to avoid a low branch as the leaves and twigs crunched under their heavy boots. "I spent ten years with no one but my kid brother to talk to," he teased, bumping into her shoulder lightly as they walked side by side. "It takes a lot to scare me off," he promised. "Jack's done nothing but ask questions since I met the kid. Cas is horrible at board games, yet he's the only one who will ever play with me. The guy makes me read books to him when he can't sleep. I'd say I'm pretty tough if I can handle those three."
"I can take care of that," Cas said hoarsely, his hand palming Dean's hard dick through his tight jeans.
“Right, God,” Dean laughed, shaking his head. He’d dealt with a lot of monsters in his life, enough to know that anything was possible, but God was a deal breaker. If the guy was real, he would’ve stopped the apocalypse by now, before billions of people died. “If I ever met that dude, I’d have a lot to say,” he joked.
“That’s not what this is about-” Dean tried to protest, even as Cas moved in closer and rested his hands on Dean’s waist, gently tugging him towards Cas’ chest. “I-I don’t-” Dean struggled, stumbling over the words that he wasn’t even sure made sense. “I don’t care what happens to me,” he finally choked out, his eyes burning. “As long as you’re okay.”
"I'll meet you at home?" Cas prompted, talking so only Dean could hear him. He gave Dean a sweet, hopeful look with those wide eyes and pretty smile. "Soon?" he added, implying he wanted Dean for reasons other than the innocent ones Dean first assumed.
“Mm, Dean, come back,” Cas whined, but Dean was pretty sure the guy was still sleeping. He hadn’t opened his eyes since Dean first knelt down beside him. Dean chuckled, running a gentle thumb over Cas’ bottom lip, thinking about how he was definitely going to be doing that again tomorrow, when Cas was actually awake enough to know what was happening.
Dean could hear people talking, but the voices were hushed and low from across the room. He felt his entire body protesting as he forced himself to wake up, taking a few deep breaths before making himself open his eyes. He blinked a few times, the light flooding through the window making his eyes burn. It was daylight outside, but Dean wasn't sure how long he'd been asleep. His body ached without even moving an inch, and even worse when he tried to move his toes or fingers. His mouth was dry as he tried to wet his lips, hoping to call out to someone. He cleared his throat, turning his head against the pillow he was sleeping with to see if anyone was near.
“I’m glad you didn’t wait,” Dean mumbled, hesitantly wrapping his arm around Cas’ waist, pulling him closer because that was something he could do now. He could touch Cas without fear of rejection, and he could kiss him whenever he wanted, just as long as they were alone of course. “Maybe when we get home, I could. . . return the favor,” Dean suggested, his heart racing at the thought of it. He really wanted to touch Cas, in every way possible. He wanted as much of him as he could get.
Carefully, and without waking Cas, Dean untangled himself from the angel’s heavy limbs and quietly slid out from under the covers. He winced as the floor creaked under his feet, but Cas didn’t move an inch. Dean waited a few seconds just to make sure he was in the clear, then continued moving across the room. He left his duffle in the closet to hide it from Sam, so he snuck across the room and tried to carefully open the closet door. He grabbed his bag successfully, swinging it over his shoulder as he moved across the dark room. He thought he was in the clear, but before he could make it to the door, he tripped over a pair of shoes and went flying into the closed door.
“Can’t breath, Cas,” Dean mumbled into the pillow. Cas chuckled softly and rolled off of Dean, laying beside him instead. Dean smiled like an idiot as Cas leaned in to kiss his forehead. “Do you think we woke Sam up?” Dean wondered, half joking, but a part of him was a little worried they’d been too loud. There was a reason they didn’t have sex while other people were home. Dean didn’t trust himself to keep quiet, no matter how many times Cas told him to.
"I'd love to see that side of you," Jo replied genuinely, her eyes softening. They had grown much more comfortable in each other's presence in the last two hours. "Maybe that date I mentioned earlier could actually happen?" she wondered, and Dean felt his palms begin to sweat as he tucked his hands into his pockets.
"I'm really glad," he answered, squeezing the kid's shoulder briefly. "So, friends, huh? Anyone special?" He was just grasping for conversation now, not really knowing how to do small talk. With Cas, they could slip into comfortable silence and they were both content with that. Dean wasn't a big talker and Cas respected that about him. Sam always tried to get Dean to open up, but backed off when Dean gave him a look. With Jack, Dean just felt the need to keep talking, to occupy the silence with trivial topics. It was nice, not having to get into the touchy feely stuff for once.
Before anyone could stop him, Dean was out the door, gun in his hand. Forget not being able to kill his own father, John Winchester was a dead man. Dean hadn’t felt this kind of rage since he was a teenager, the day John sent him away and lied to Sam about it. Even then, it didn’t compare to how angry he was now. He ignored the protests from Jo as he stormed outside, no idea where he was going. John could be anywhere by now, but Dean couldn’t sit around and wait for something to happen.
"I thought you told him!" they said at the same time, followed by deep sighs from them both as they realized they had fucked up.
Sam looked up again, meeting Dean's confused gaze. "I just mean. . ." he trailed off, waving his hand around looking for something to say. Dean waited, eyebrows raised, hoping Sam had meant something else than what Dean thought he meant. If Sam already knew, they'd been sneaking around and missing out on sleep for nothing. "I've noticed dad doesn't really like Cas that much," he finally said. "So if he, you know, hurts either of you, I'll defend you. Otherwise, I don't want to talk to the guy."
Dean woke up earlier than normal, the sun just beginning to rise outside through the window of the medical building. He had managed to catch at least two hours of sleep, but he couldn't force himself back to bed if he tried. His arm was aching far more than usual, his neck stiff, and his back felt like it had been twisted in about ten different directions. He could hear Kaia's shallow breathing from the bed next to his own, so he knew she was still alive at least. He had no idea how bad the damage was. When he found her last night, it was too dark to tell for sure and he was a little out of it on top of that. He carefully readjusted himself to sit up against the wall, the pillow behind his aching back as he looked over at Kaia.
“Maybe you should keep your nose out of things that don’t concern you,” John grumbled, but Dean had successfully avoided a fight for now. John unclenched his fists and started walking again, which was a good sign that he was calmer now. “If that girl is safe now, that’s all that matters. I’m sure she just fell and hit her head or something. I keep my people safe, Dean. I’ve always kept you and Sam safe, haven’t I? These people are no different.”
And of course, because Sam was so easily trusting and Dean couldn’t defend himself, the kid actually believed it.
Cas swallowed, shaking his head as he looked at the ground. "You don't like me. You think I'm a waste of space. You and your friends. You make fun of me, steal my things. . . you guys hate me."
"In my defense, I thought the soul was the girl," Crowley answered, snapping his fingers. "But nonetheless, they've been called off. Let's talk deals."
“Why didn’t you tell me this yesterday?” Cas sighed, visibly frustrated as he grabbed Dean’s good arm and yanked him up off the bed. Dean let himself be manhandled as Cas changed him out of his shirt from yesterday. It hurt like hell, but Dean let him do it anyways. Cas was gentle as possible, a guilty look washing over his features as Dean winced and cried out when the pain became unbearable.
Cas finished up with Dean's hand before meeting Dean's eyes with a sharp glare. "You're not going back to work today, Dean." He looked away so he could examine Dean's injured arm, carefully working the sling off Dean's shoulder to gauge his range of motion.
“Yeah, coming,” Dean winced, ripping his arm away from John’s grip. He rubbed his sore arm as he followed Sam towards the car, not looking back.
Dean laughed, swinging the keys in front of Sam's face. "Oh you mean these keys? You're hilarious, dude," he snorted, shoving them back in his pocket. There was no way he'd let Sam drive Baby unless he was unconscious or dead. Not that he didn't trust his little brother, but he wanted all the time he could get with his precious car. Since he didn't get much drive time while the lifeless zombies were roaming around, he was relishing in the feel of that steering wheel in his hands now.
"You also make a fair point," Jo laughed, seeming to relax a little more. "Maybe I'd be willing to give you a chance, if this hunt goes well?" she offered, though Dean knew it wasn't a 'maybe' but just her playing hard to get. Not that Dean was trying to 'get' her or anything. He was hung up on his best friend at the moment and no girl was going to change that. Not even one as pretty as Jo.
"Oh, are we switching seats? Dean, can I please sit in the front? I've never sat in the front of a car before. Please?" he begged, his eyes scarily similar to the same puppy dog look Sam gave him to get his way. Those two had been spending too much time together and it'd only been two days. It could only get worse. Dean wouldn't know what to do with two Sam Winchesters running around, giving him that look, talking about lore 24/7, and always judging Dean for eating so fast at meals. He could just imagine the things Sam planned on teaching the kid. It was a terrifying thought.
"What was that about?" Charlie finally asked, looking up to meet Dean's eyes. He could have sworn she looked disappointed, but he couldn't tell for sure. Even so, she had no business being upset with Dean. It was his life to screw up, not hers.
Dean swallowed his food down in one gulp, raising an eyebrow at the angel. "Seriously? You must not get very much sleep then," Dean worried, but Cas only smiled and shrugged, like it was no big deal. "Cas, I'm not kidding. That's gotta be bad for you. You already told me you can't sleep well on your own, and now you're saying you wait for me to fall asleep before you leave? You have to be exhausted."
"I can make it worth your time," Cas promised, circling a lazy finger over Dean's hip, driving Dean absolutely crazy. Cas grazed his teeth against Dean's neck, making Dean groan at the sensation, his hips thrusting up towards those wandering fingers. He wanted Cas touching him
"You never went into much detail about how you boys met," Ellen pushed, clearly desperate to get off the topic of cars.
Castiel shook his head, wanting to be honest. "Not yet," he replied, his voice scratchy. "I will be, but- stay, please?" he begged, feeling pretty pathetic for asking. He thought Dean might get up anyways, but instead, Dean only held Cas tighter.
something I need to tell you." His hands finally fell away from his face, revealing a sad look, blue eyes filled to the brim with tears. When one fell, Dean felt the urge to catch it, to kiss it away, but he stood still.
"Don't do that," Cas cut him off, his fingers unraveling from the flannel, smoothing out the fabric, gripping Dean's arm in a strong hold. "You searched for an hour, Dean. It was gone. We're all okay," he said reassuringly, slowly releasing his hold on Dean's arm. "We're going to go out there, bring back some food, and then tonight, you're getting some sleep. I'm not resting until I hear you snoring." Dean didn't know how to reply when Cas talked to him this way, like he was in charge or something. Usually, Dean had a way of taking over, leading everyone. Rarely, he let his guard down, like right now. In those moments, Cas took over, emotionally manhandling him until Dean bent to his will. This was like that.
Dean dropped the salt in a plastic bag near the front of the store, avoiding having to look at his brother who was basically telling him it was okay to feel things he hadn't been allowed to feel his entire life. It wasn't that easy. It was ingrained in every part of him. That part of him, those kinds of feelings, they were something Dean's father forced down and it would take a lot more than two days with a nice guy to resurface them. It would be impossible to figure it all out anytime soon, if ever.
Dean swallowed down his worry, pressing a chaste kiss to Cas' forehead. "Let's go," he mumbled, pulling Cas under his arm to drag him along beside him. "Jo, you coming or staying here?"
"What's wrong with our bed?" Cas wondered, cocking his head to the side to look at Dean with an expression of pure confusion. The angel pushed himself into a sitting position, the blankets pooling around his waist to reveal he was in nothing but boxers and Dean's old t-shirt.
“That’s not all I want,” Dean promised, sitting up so he could actually look at Cas, hoping Cas could see it in his eyes. He couldn’t say the words out loud any time soon, but he somehow still wanted Cas to know. “I want you, Cas. I want to experience it all with
As they finished looking through the last room, finding nothing, Dean handed Cas a box of salt to start lining the windows. "But what do you do to keep other monsters out? Like those vampires you killed," he asked, watching Dean for a moment before copying his actions on the opposite side of the room. "To my knowledge, there's nothing stopping them from coming in here whenever they want unless you could get your hands on some dead man's blood." Dean have him an impressed glance, though Cas was focused on pouring a line of salt on the window sill.
"We'll be headed over soon," Bobby nodded, sending Dean off. "Tell Ellen goodbye on your way out!" he called as Dean walked towards the front door. Dean did as he was told, giving Ellen an awkward, one armed hug as she smiled fondly and told him to take care of himself.
Cas smiled softly as he leaned back down to kiss Dean again, just as gentle as before. This time, Dean opened up a little more, threading his fingers through Cas’ hair to deepen the kiss. Cas easily adjusted to Dean’s wants, insistently parting Dean’s lips with his own to slip his tongue into Dean’s mouth, tasting the remnants of mouthwash from a couple hours before. Cas was in control of the kiss, but Dean still gave as much as he could, reveling in the taste of Cas. Reveling in the scent of Cas. Just loving every moment of
“I tried talking to you when I got home,” Dean defended himself, a small amused grin on his face. “You were sleeping. I was going to wait until you were awake, but I had to tell you.”
Dean chewed on his lip, giving Cas a small shrug. Maybe it would, or maybe that was wishful thinking. "Sure, man. I'll see you in the morning," he replied quietly, already getting up off the bed. He stretched his arms over his head, secretly wishing Cas would ask him to stay, but he knew that wouldn't happen. Even if it did, it would be a bad idea. Dean really needed to try to stop falling for this guy before things went too far. Before Dean ended up getting him hurt, or worse.
"I'm sorry I scared you," Dean mumbled, covering Cas' hand with his own. "I promise I'm okay." Cas lowered his hands from Dean's face, sliding them over his arms instead. He lingered on Dean's sling for a moment, frowning deeply, until he grabbed Dean's other hand, still wrapped in bandages that had blood soaking through from sitting all night. "I'm okay," Dean repeated, taking his hand out of Cas' to gently grab his chin, forcing Cas to look at him.
"Nope, it's a secret," Jo answered, wrapping her arm around Charlie's shoulders before planting a loud kiss on her cheek. Charlie immediately turned a deep shade of red as Jo chuckled and played with her hair to make her even redder.
After way too long to be considered normal of staring, Cas finally sat back on his heels, noticing Dean right away. He raised an eyebrow, their eyes meeting for a moment before Cas smiled. "Were you just admiring my rear?" he asked teasingly.
Charlie's eyebrows shot up in confusion, but Dean could only offer an equally confused shrug in response. "You don't even work here," Charlie grumbled, even as Jo threw her a sweet smile over her shoulder before dragging Dean into the next room and shutting the door behind them. He heard Charlie yell something about "defiling guys who have boyfriends in the supply room" but he couldn't make out every word.
Cas gently caressed Dean’s cheek, leaning in closer until Dean finally met his eyes, despite not wanting Cas to see his doubt. “Because I trust you, Dean. You would do anything to save the people you love. And now, you don’t have to do it alone. Because you have me, and your family and friends who are all on your side.”
“Telling Cas what?” Charlie pressed, finishing up the bandaging before helping his arm back into the sling. Apparently that was all that needed to be done, but it was already helping with the bleeding. “What could you have to tell him that’s more important than you bleeding out?” God, she had no idea. Dean knew his arm was fucked last night, but telling Cas how sorry he was was his top priority.
“Me, you, and Baby,” Dean mumbled, resting his forehead against Cas’ as heavy hands explored Dean’s bare skin under his shirt, pressing between his shoulder blades and down his spine. “I want to get away from this place for a night.”
Dean groaned, annoyed that everyone had something to do except for him. All he could do now was turn to Cas, who had his arms crossed while he narrowed his eyes. Dean gave him an innocent smile, hoping he'd play along. Cas rolled his eyes. "Why am I the last resort?" he demanded, but there was a fond look on his face that made Dean's heart flutter. Dean gave him a pleading look, waiting for Cas to cave. Finally, the angel sighed, snatching the chess piece from Dean's hand. "Fine, but you know I'm horrible at this game."
“It’s okay, Dean,” Cas mumbled, barely coherent. His eyes were still closed, his cheek pressed up against the pillow as he turned to lay on his stomach. “It’s okay,” Cas repeated, wrinkling his nose while half asleep. Dean smiled at the adorable reaction, gently touching his thumb to Cas’ forehead, anything to be closer to him.
Dean was right about not being able to sleep all night. His arm was killing him and he was pretty sure it was bleeding from somewhere, but he didn’t have the motivation to get up and check. He got a couple minutes of sleep here and there, but every time he got comfortable, he’d shift just the wrong way and his arm would send shooting pains throughout his body.
John’s eyes widened, his hands reaching for Dean’s shoulders. “Dean, please, I had to-” he tried, but Dean cut him off with another hit to the face. “Fine! He’s tied to a tree in the forest where I usually meet with the demon. I already called Crowley. He’s sending his hounds for the soul. You’re too late, Dean.”
“I ain’t preaching nothin’,” John spat, that same look he used to wear when Dean was younger on his red and angry face. It was the one Dean grew to recognize as uncertainty. And when John was at a loss for words, he resorted to violence. Dean had the scars to prove it. Places where shards of glass had planted themselves in his skin and he had to pick them out himself because John wouldn’t take him to the hospital. Burns on his arms from cigarette butts carelessly tossed out of John’s hands and he yelled incoherently while drunk. Dean knew he was in danger of getting punched in the face if he didn’t deescalate this soon. Normally, he could take it, but he was already injured to the point where he might not be able to fight back.
“It’s impossible to tell,” Cas answered. “God’s been pretty absent, so I doubt this was his doing. The end of the end of the world, I mean.”
Dean nodded, taking a long drink of water after scarfing down his last few bites. "In that case, I'll head over," he said, already moving to stand up. "Sam, will you keep an eye out for anything out of the ordinary while you're out there today?" he requested, knowing Sam's answer without having to hear it.
"That's great, Dean," Cas replied with a sincere smile, barely there, but still visible. "But really, it's okay. I know I was asking too much of you." The words were comforting, but it let Dean off the hook too easily. He could have handled the situation much better than he did, and for that, he still had to apologize.
Dean had a clear view of John’s back from where he hid behind a large tree and some overgrown brush. Sam was a few feet away, trying hard to blend in with his freakishly tall self. At first, Dean was a little confused as to what was going on. John, Ketch, and Martin were all standing in a circle, not talking or going anywhere. They weren’t on a hunt, they weren’t patrolling, and there was no King of Hell.
She nodded slowly, sucking her bottom lip into her mouth nervously. Dean didn't know how to make her feel better, especially since he had never been good with emotions himself. He used to try to make Sam feel better after a rough day at school, or when Sam was worried about him after a hunt, but he was hardly successful. He never knew the right thing to say and that still hadn't changed.
Sam snorted, grabbing a book off the other end of the table. He held it up, gesturing to it lazily. "I'm gonna go read for a few hours at the park. Go see Cas," he explained, jerking his thumb back towards the hallway where Cas was in bed sleeping.
“Jack is fine,” Dean snapped, getting the attention off of Cas. “Forget about Cas and Jack. You and I need to have a talk about the girl you tortured and left in the middle of the woods.”
“So,” Jo said after they had been driving for almost half an hour, now that they were on a straight stretch of road that Jo told Dean to follow for awhile. “Dean, you never told me how the date went last week,” Jo wondered, giving Dean an innocent smile as he glared at her in the rearview mirror.
"Yup, I hear you," Dean winced, giving her a big smile, hoping that would win him his freedom. "Loud and clear," he added, sighing in relief as she finally let him go. He cradled his arm to his chest, though his pride was more hurt than anything. Turning to face his partner, he completely ignored John's amused chuckling in favor of glaring at this new face. "So, Jo, huh?" he said, wanting to get away from John, even if it meant awkwardly talking to the pretty girl.
"Maybe we could find more tapes," Jack replied, his face lit up with excitement. Dean had to remind himself that this kid wasn't really a teenager and a lot of this stuff, he really hadn't seen before. "I've never heard of AC/DC," he added. "Can we listen?"
“It’s a wonderful car,” Cas agreed, resting his head on Dean’s shoulder as they drove down the empty street towards an unknown destination. “Besides, home isn’t just about walls and a roof. It’s just whatever makes you feel safe.”
“I know the rules, Sammy. I made them,” Dean cut him off, moving across the room to get to him. “I never said I trusted them. We’re just feeding them and then they’re gone. I couldn’t let the kid go hungry, alright?” He gently pulled the blanket from Sam’s shoulders, helping him to his feet. “Come meet them for yourselves. Just don’t get attached.”
"They would only be two blocks away," John argued, articulating his words slowly. Dean knew that voice. John was on the verge of getting angry since he wasn't getting his way. "You don't want to stay with me? Your own blood?" he asked, his face turning red.
"No, I'm not," Cas answered genuinely. "I like them." He unfolded the shirt, looking at it carefully as Dean watched him, trying to hide his smile at Cas' words. He actually liked wearing Dean's clothes, and that was such a small, unimportant revelation, but it made Dean happy. It made him incredibly happy, actually, and suddenly he wished he hadn't even grabbed the new shirt. "But I will wear this one too, because you got it for me," he added with a small smile, as if he had been reading Dean's mind. "Who's on the shirt?" he wondered, looking at Dean again, this time in confusion.
“I’m in charge around here, Dean. You don’t get to tell me when to leave. Once we’ve finished this conversation, I’ll think about letting you stay.” His voice had calmed back down to a slight growl, still seething from Cas’ interruption. Cas had moved farther into the room a few steps, watching them carefully. Dean really wished he had just left the room when Dean asked. “Tell me you aren’t just using Jo to cover your own ass, Dean,” he said, directing his scowl at Cas until Dean cleared his throat to get his father’s attention.
Dean let out a bitter laugh, shaking his head as he stared at the cards between his fingers. "No, he really hasn't," he mumbled, slapping the cards against the wood table.
problem with that deal? It sounds to me like the only victims are the poor innocent people my dad hands over to you.”
"You have no idea," Sam teased, messing up Jack's hair as the kid complained and scooted his chair closer to Dean's. "These two have been like a breath of fresh air."
Dean had spent the last three days following Cas around, avoiding Sam, and avoiding John even more. Cas always woke up before Dean and by the time he came back to wake Dean up, he had two plates of breakfast with him, which was a nice way to be woken up in the morning. After eating and downing a cup of lukewarm coffee, Cas would lead Dean to the medical building where Dean would spend the entire day with Cas and Charlie, talking, playing board games, or learning about medical terms he'd never heard of before. It wasn't horrible, but Dean would have much rather been out hunting. Not that he didn't enjoy being in Cas' presence, but it only made things harder on him. He was trying not to keep falling in love with his best friend, yet he was spending every waking moment with him. It was impossible to do anything else.
“A few hours,” Dean lied, hoping to sound convincing. Cas was still half asleep, so he didn’t catch on. Dean really only slept about two hours off and on, but he was fine. He was used to this. “I’m fine,” he promised, kissing the top of Cas’ head as he wrapped his arms around Cas’ waist and squeezed him in a tight hug. “Time to get up.”
As Cas added them to the pile of clothes off to the side, he smiled softly and leaned down between Dean’s legs, pressing a warm kiss to the inside of Dean’s thigh. “For trusting me, allowing me to have you like this. . . for teaching me what love feels like.” Before Dean could process the confession, Cas’ mouth was on him, drawing a surprised gasp from Dean’s throat. Dean reached blindly, until one of his hands found Cas’ shoulder and the other rested in Cas’ mess of hair.
"I know," Cas groaned, burying his face in his hands, refusing to let Dean look at him. Dean knew if he could just see Cas' eyes, see that expression, he might be able to tell what was going on. "Dean, there
“That’s why I’m still sleeping,” Dean grumbled, but wrapped his arms around Cas anyways, pulling him down onto the bed to attach himself to the angel’s side. They hadn’t had much alone time with Sam and Jack at home, so Dean figured they could spend today doing things they could only do while alone, but not yet. Sleep was also very important. Almost as good as sex, Dean thought.
Dean returned the smile, trying to cover up the uneasiness he felt. “I’ll be throwing right hooks again in no time,” he answered, easily transitioning into a grin when he was sure John wasn’t here to call him homophobic slurs and toss him out with the skinwalkers and werewolves beyond the wall. He could sense Cas’ presence behind him and he instantly felt guilty for pushing him away before, when all Cas was trying to do was provide comfort for Dean, in a way Dean taught him, too.
Dean swallowed a lump in his throat, wishing he was better with words. He had so much he wanted to say, to ask him, but he didn't know how. "We tell each other everything," Dean mumbled, blinking slowly. "I told you things I've never told anyone, Cas. This- this isn't okay. Ignoring me, snapping at me without telling me what I did. . ."
"You really like it here, don't you?" Dean wondered, a small smile gracing his lips. It was nice to see Sam like this. Comforting, even.
Dean sighed, prying Cas’s hand off of him. “Just trust me,” he whispered, lightly touching a hand to Cas’ cheek. Before Cas had a chance to argue, Crowley snapped his fingers and they were gone. When Dean readjusted to reality after freaking teleporting, or whatever the hell that was, he saw they were in the woods again. The same spot Dean saw Crowley last time, where he found Kaia half-dead against a tree.
"Okay," Dean found himself answering, trying to speak through his dry mouth, his tongue like sandpaper against the roof of his mouth. "Tomorrow night," Dean agreed. He already regretted his answer when he looked up again to meet blue eyes, a sad look on the angel's face. Cas couldn't hear their conversation, but it couldn't be hard to guess. Especially when Jo's face lit up with a smile and her arms easily wrapped around Dean's waist, pulling him into a hug.
"Just tell him that," Charlie encouraged, linking her arm through Dean's to pull him closer, so she could lower her voice even more. "Tell him you want to be honest and open with him, but there are just some things you're not ready to talk about yet. When you're ready, you'll tell him. It's that simple, Dean. If he cares about you, he'll understand that. But he won't know unless you tell him." She seemed so sure when she spoke, Dean believed her without a second of hesitation. He let her words sink in as he continued watching the back of Cas' head, thinking about how he could talk to Cas later using Charlie's suggestions. Maybe even Charlie's exact words, if he could remember them.
"We told everyone the truth," Sam nodded. "Those who believed us and wanted to stay did, and anyone who wanted out, like Martin and Ketch, they all left."
“It’s not crazy,” Cas whispered, suddenly inches from Dean’s lip, his breath hot against Dean’s skin. Cas brought a hand to Dean’s cheek, running his thumb carefully over the days worth of stubble. Dean waited a moment to see if Cas had anything left to say, but the way he was staring into Dean’s eyes was answer enough. Dean was the one to close the distance, pulling Cas in with a hand wrapped around that stupid tie. It was like Cas had been expecting it, no moment of hesitation, no awkward pause before he kissed back. Those strong hands of his were planted on Dean’s chest, tugging at the t-shirt Cas helped him into this morning. If Dean was dizzy before, it was much worse now. But he wouldn’t stop this for anything.
They walked in silence, their arms brushing every now and then when Cas drifted closer, even after Dean tried to put distance between them. Dean didn't feel like he deserved to be that close to Cas. Not after what happened. Dean could have prevented the whole situation if he had just tried harder last night to find the damn vampire, so now he was suffering the consequences.
He didn't have to wonder for long because as soon as he seriously considered getting up to join Cas on the couch, he heard the door creak slowly, hesitantly even. At first, Dean wanted to just invite Cas into bed and cuddle up next to him, kiss those soft lips, let his hands roam over warm skin, maybe even wrap his lips around Cas'-
For a long time, they just sat in silence. Dean liked the silence because it gave him time to think. He knew he’d have to go home and tell Cas how he felt tonight, but he was afraid he would have missed his opportunity. He basically rejected Cas earlier without so much as an explanation, so there was a good chance Cas was done with him.
Dean shoved his hands in his pockets, looking around the room with fake interest. He hardly paid much attention to the details of the room. He was more concerned with being shut into a room with Cas, just the two of them. It was different from sleeping next to him in the living room, or being alone with him on supply runs. Those were out in the open, for anyone to see. This was different. This was terrifying.
Jack froze, his spoon hanging out of his mouth as he looked at Cas. “I. . . I think I’ve been alive for five years, right Cas?” he asked, as if he were serious. Dean thought this was some kind of odd joke, but the kid seemed to be serious. Cas looked defeated as he tried to find some way to address the situation.
Dean felt his face flush at Jack's observation. "Yeah, I guess," Dean agreed, because there was no denying it.
Dean licked his lips, watching Cas move his hand away from Dean's head very slowly. "You have no idea," he answered, making Cas smirk.
Dean felt his face flush and he really hoped Sam didn't notice, or at least didn't question it. "Must have been talking in my sleep," he supplied, but Sam had been living with Dean their entire lives and he knew Dean didn't sleep talk. He snored pretty loud, but he didn't talk in his sleep. That was all Sam.
Slowly, Cas dragged Dean’s underwear down his thighs, wasting no time before wrapping his fingers around Dean’s throbbing cock. Dean bit back a moan, though he couldn’t stay completely silent as Cas started stroking him slowly, his thumb teasingly circling the head of Dean’s dick. Dean couldn’t help Cas’ name on his lips, barely a whisper as his eyes squeezed shut while Cas stroked him faster.
“I’ll tell you,” Dean promised, dragging her back towards the door so they could join the others inside. “But I need to tell everyone at once. There’s something important. Something really big. I just- I need time to process it all. Soon.”
“And I, you,” Cas whispered, leaning into Dean’s touch for a moment before pulling away reluctantly. “I love you.”
"I'm so proud of you boys," John praised, followed by a small sigh. "Why don't you boys come inside? I'll get you something to drink, have a little talk about the neighborhood. Just catch up," he offered, gesturing back at the house behind them.
“You’re so smart,” Jo chimed in from behind Charlie, a satisfied smirk on her face. Dean narrowed his eyes at her as she stepped closer, resting her chin on Charlie’s shoulder. “Grab your keys, cowboy. We have to get out before John sees us.”
Sam made a disgusted face, taking it anyways. "Fine," he answered, stubbornly. Dean stood back and watched, making sure Sam did it right since he didn't do it as often as Dean. John always made Dean do the dirty work when they were kids, but Dean never complained so he could save Sam from getting hurt. It was one reason Dean was so protective over his brother to this day, but neither of them brought it up. Talking about the past was something that always started a fight, so Sam knew to avoid it at all costs. Dean hated bringing up anything about the past, anything about dad in general. Rarely, they talked about mom, but that was different.
"Fuck, Cas," Dean groaned, his breath hitching in his throat. "I want you to suck my cock, Cas. Fuck, I want to feel your mouth on me right now," he mumbled, those fingers pulling Cas' hair, still impatient. "Please, I need you to-" he started, and Cas obliged before he could get the rest of the words out, wrapping his lips around Dean's cock, sinking down slowly as Dean's words turned into a cry of Castiel's name on his tongue. Cas took that as a good sign that he was doing something right, so he kept at it, slowly pulling away and sinking back down, as far as he could without choking himself. It took him a few tries to swallow all of Dean's cock in his mouth, but when he felt it in his throat, Dean was panting and moaning underneath his touch, yanking on Cas' hair like he never had before.
Dean’s chest was tight, suddenly sick to his stomach. Was he really considering this? Giving his father over to the King of Hell? John was killing innocent people, just like the monsters Dean killed on the regular. It would be no different- except John was Dean’s dad. The man who taught Dean how to drive a car and how to shave for the first time. Dean couldn’t make this decision on a whim.
"He already knew about me. I told him years ago. So yeah, I told him about Cas because he already figured something was up," Dean answered, getting a little antsy as they basically held him hostage. "Speaking of, I really want to go find Cas, so-"
For a moment, John didn’t say anything. Dean thought he might ignore the comment, but then he came to a sudden stop and whipped around to face Dean, his eyebrows drawn together with a frown set on his face. “Is this about that girl? I told you, she just left. I don’t know what-”
"No, being with you is easy, Cas," Dean assured him, leaning into Cas' touch when the angel placed a gentle hand on Dean's cheek. "It's just my dad that makes things difficult. If he ever found out, we'd have to run. He'd hurt you."
Five minutes passed and Dean realized he was squeezing Cas' hand hard, maybe too hard. His mind was racing with thoughts, insults that he could only throw at himself. He hated himself for letting today happen. For putting people he cared about in danger. Those thoughts took over his mind, and apparently his body. As soon as he realized he was probably hurting Cas, he loosened his grip, trying to pry his fingers away.
Dean cleared his throat, pushing his plate to the side as he turned to face Cas. He had been dreading this talk, and had even forgotten about it since the last time Cas asked if they could talk. “I, uh- I punched a tree,” he admitted, letting Cas hold his injured hand in both of his own, touching each of Dean’s fingers, each knuckle, as if studying the shape of Dean’s hand.
He lit a candle to put beside his bed and nestled into the blankets on his bed, getting comfortable so he could read in peace. As he opened the cover of the book, he realized he was sitting on something, so he felt around the blankets until he pulled a dark blue tie from under him. He quickly realized Cas had left it, but there was no way he’d get it to him now. He could run after them since it hadn’t been more than an hour since they left, but he figured Cas wouldn’t miss the insignificant piece of clothing anyways. Instead, he folded it up into a square and placed it in his pocket before returning to his book. He spent most of the day reading and thinking, trying to stay away from thinking about how he sent Cas and Jack out into a trap. With the zombies gone, the monsters were going to be on a feeding frenzy, he just knew it. They’d been starving for ten years.
Dean held onto Jo’s hand a little tighter and made a beeline for Sam, who stood next to Claire’s mom and Bobby off to the side of the rest of the group. Jody’s face softened as they approached, drawing Claire into her arms immediately. Sam and Dean locked eyes, acknowledging that there was more to talk about. Sam knew Dean didn’t come home last night and he could clearly see the new wounds on Dean’s body, so it was obvious something happened. Dean couldn’t hide things like that from Sammy.
“We’ll figure something out,” Bobby said, then gave each of them a very stern, pointed look. “You two idjits stay out of John’s business for the next three weeks. I don’t need you making any demon deals and getting into trouble. You come to me and we figure this out together. Understand?”
“Like this?” Cas purred, leaning over Dean to mouth at his shoulders as he slid a third finger in next to the other two, pushing deeper until Dean was twisting the sheets into his fingers trying to find purchase. Cas arm wrapped around his waist as his long fingers worked Dean open, the only reason Dean wasn’t sinking into the mattress at that moment. He rocked back into Cas’ fingers despite his shaking legs, mumbling Cas’ name over and over because it was the only thing he could get out without sounding like an idiot stumbling over his words.
Suddenly, Cas stood, pushing the stool behind him with his foot. He slotted himself between Dean’s legs again, his hands moving up Dean’s thighs. “Then allow me to prove you wrong.”
“You have got to be fucking kidding me,” Cas snapped, making Dean jump. He’d never heard Cas talk that way before. He’d been angry, even with Dean, but he didn’t casually drop f-bombs and passive aggressively glare at Dean. Dean fucked up.
Sam hesitated, but eventually a big, lopsided grin took over his face like it was meant to be there. "It's starting to feel like home," Sam admitted, crossing his legs as he leaned forward, hands on his knees. He looked like he expected Dean to agree, but didn't say it outloud. "I mean, Bobby is here. And dad- well, I thought I'd never see him again. The last time I saw him, before the apocalypse, we were fighting about me going to college. I said some pretty horrible things to him and I feel like now I can set things right."
“Dean,” she warned, scooting away from the table cautiously. “What are you boys getting involved in? If you’re about to do something stupid-”
In Dean's silence, Jo took the opportunity to tease him some more. "I assume you know what lube is, right?" she asked, laughing at his embarrassed expression. "I mean, I know it's been over a decade since you've been laid, but-"
"Charlie said you need your rest," Cas replied sternly, his hands on his own thighs while Dean tried -and failed- not to imagine those strong fingers pressing into the skin on his thighs instead. "What would you rather do?" he asked, cocking his head to the side as Dean yanked himself back to the reality where Cas wasn't touching him, and would never be touching him that way.
They ate their dinner in comfortable silence, saying a few things every now and then, like when Cas broke out into laughter when Dean completely missed his mouth and poured water down his shirt, or when Cas dropped half of his granola bar on the floorboard and Dean fake yelled at him for getting Baby dirty and then handed over the rest of his own granola bar.
"Wait, he's-" Dean started, suddenly very attentive in this conversation. "Bobby is here? He's alive?" he wondered, turning to meet John's gaze, searching those eyes for the answer. John wouldn't joke about that, right? Dean felt a spark of hope in his chest, the kind he should have felt when he saw John for the first time in ten years. Bobby was more of a father figure to Dean than John ever was, and they weren't even blood.
Soon, they were breaking off into groups to leave for the day. Bobby and the girls loaded up on machetes and got an early start to where the nest was last spotted. Dean followed Sam towards one of the cars, because Dean refused to take Baby out there just to use her for hauling back food and various other items that could hurt her.
“What the hell are you trying to say?” John cut him off with a sharp glare, his voice raising enough to make Dean’s heart start hammering against his chest. His mouth went completely dry as John shifted to stand up straight. “You think I would do something? What reason would I possibly have?”
“I was- I w- focused on m-more important things,” Dean answered, once he could kind of talk again, though even that took a lot of strength. He was starting to feel a little dizzy, so he grabbed Cas to hold onto, wrapping his arm around the angel’s shoulders.
Dean looked around anyways, just to be sure John wasn’t close. When he saw his father talking to a group of hunters a far distance away, he turned back to Bobby with a small sigh. “Yeah, I found her last night. She was pretty beat up, left for dead in the middle of the woods. Whoever did this, they weren’t expecting anyone to be out there to find her.”
With a heavy sigh, Dean pulled his knees to his chest and wrapped his arms around himself, letting the slight breeze cool the sweat coating his neck and face. He was exhausted and his injured arm was aching, but he hardly noticed it. He was too busy thinking about everything else to feel the pain in his arm. He was thinking about his dad and how much he wished he could tell him to shove it, the same way he tried to today. He thought about how much Cas meant to him and how he would never give him up, even if it meant leaving this new life behind to start somewhere else. He thought about his friends, Charlie, Jo, and even Claire. They hardly knew him, yet they were willing to risk everything to help him find even a sliver of happiness. Dean thought about his mom and how much different things would have been if she were around. She would have loved Cas as much as Dean did. John wouldn’t have a say in it at all if Mary were here.
"You can go see him," Sam said eventually, followed by a small sigh as he scooted his chair back to stand.
The suggestion made Cas' eyes widen as he stared at Dean, eventually raising an eyebrow. "Dean Winchester wants to talk? What universe am I in?" he teased, making Dean's face impossibly red.
“You fucking know what!” Dean yelled, whipping his gun out from his waist to point it at John’s head. “Where the hell is he?”
Dean hardcore glared at her as she smiled sweetly. "My arm is fine," he grumbled, ignoring Cas's concerned look at his change of tone. Instead of going into more detail, Dean watched Charlie take her turn, and then leaned in closer to Cas' ear. He put his hand on Cas' shoulder, squeezing without thinking as he whispered, "move that one," he started and Cas paused, moving his hand over the pieces until Dean nodded. "Yeah, that one, over there," he pointed, feeling Cas tense under his hold. Dean licked his lips, not moving an inch.
Once Charlie joined them outside, Dean walked them to medical, keeping a few feet behind them the whole way. Cas and Charlie talked about something Dean wasn’t really paying much attention to, but they didn’t seem to notice he was distant. Dean was more worried about keeping his eyes peeled for any kind of trouble. When they finally reached medical, Charlie unlocked the building and let herself inside while Cas lingered out front with Dean. He looked a little worried, more so than usual. Dean frowned, looking around to make sure they were alone before stepping closer, putting a hand on Cas’ arm.
Ellen stood at the same time, her face softening despite Dean’s rude behavior. “I’m sorry, Dean. Whatever is going on, I know you’ll find him. And Dean?”
"Dean," Sam said, choosing the wrong time to finally open his mouth. Dean glared at him, but he didn't seem to care. He normally didn't. "We can at least look. She knows who we are. Maybe she knows someone we lost. Maybe she knew dad, or Bobby, or something," he reasoned, the grief showing in his voice. As much of an asshole John Winchester was, Sam still missed him. Dean knew that much. If Sam was right, Dean couldn't argue.
Cas was quiet for a moment, making Dean glance at him. He looked like he was deep in thought, so Dean gave him time to gather his thoughts. "It started with God's absence," he finally spoke, staring at the wall in front of him, hands in his lap. Dean watched him carefully, listening to every word. "The archangels were fighting over who would take over in our father's absence. Michael thought he should rule, while Raphael thought he should be the one to give Heaven's orders. The archangel Gabriel had disappeared, and no one has yet to hear from him to my knowledge. Heaven was chaotic when this all began."
"It means. . ." Dean started, pausing to press a gentle kiss to Cas' warm skin, right where Cas could feel his heart threatening to beat out of his chest. "I means I'm sorry for the way I treated you in the past. And it means I was wrong about you. You're amazing, Castiel. Sweet, smart, and just. . . incredible. It means I like you, and I hope you like me back. But if you don't, I'd understand. I've always been an asshole to you. I caused your panic attacks." His voice was soft, uncertain, and full of hope. Cas loved Dean's voice, in every way. In the sexy way, the half asleep way, and like this. The way he talked when he apologized, when he was afraid Cas wouldn't want him.
"Oh," Dean said, containing his excitement. Sam knowing about them meant Dean didn't have to sneak around anymore, so he was a little giddy at the thought of just walking in there and laying down next to him. He could snuggle up to him, run his hands over Cas' warm chest, kiss him. They didn't have to work around Sam anymore. "Okay, cool. Have fun, I guess," he said, getting up from the table.
"Thank you," Dean answered genuinely, rubbing the back of his neck awkwardly. He appreciated the compliments, but as always, they made him a little uncomfortable. "We have a process for newcomers, but it's nothing too bad. We just want to keep an eye on you for a few days, and then you and your friend can move into any free rooms that we have," Dean explained.
Dean swallowed the lump in his throat, clenching his fists at his side. “What are you talking about?” he asked, keeping his voice low so he didn’t scare her any more than she already was. “What happened?”
"I didn't ask them," Jack replied with a slight shrug. "Claire and Kaia spend most of their time together, sometimes without me. Usually they'll invite me if they want me there," he shared. He didn't seem bothered by it, so Dean didn't push. "I like hanging out with you, Dean. We haven't gotten to talk much since we got here. You and Cas spend a lot of time together."
Cas made a small noise of protest, grabbing Dean's chin to force his eyes back to his own. "You already brought it up, so there's no getting out of it now!" he argued, releasing Dean's face with a stern look. "What do you want to talk about?"
“I told you I’d be safe out there,” Dean replied, leaning in to kiss him gently. It didn’t last long, but it still made Cas blush when Dean pulled away. “Are you almost done in here? I want to take you somewhere.”
Once he was gone, the four of them filed into the house, beginning the process of sorting through their few belongings. Dean piled up his pillow and blankets on the couch, organized his stack of books on the coffee table, and put their hoard of board games on the kitchen table. Once everything had been put away, Dean realized they had nothing to do for the rest of the day. It was barely past noon, so they had a full day to fill with something.
"How's the arm?" Charlie asked, eyeing Dean suspiciously when she noticed he wasn't wearing the sling anymore.
Cas frowned a little, running his fingers through Dean’s hair soothingly. “I think that counts as strenuous activity,” Cas said, a small sigh following. “I don’t want you to push yourself too hard. I’d be happy to wait for your arm to heal, if that’s what’s best for you,” he offered, and Dean almost laughed at how sincere he was. It was adorable, really.
Cas had never done this before, that much Dean knew for sure, but he had to have experience with himself at least.
Today was no different than the last three, which was fine with Dean. He was starting to enjoy the quiet, worry free time he was getting to spend with his friends. In a few short weeks, he'd be back to hunting and putting his life in danger, but for now, this was a nice change of pace.
Cas obliged, letting Dean reel him back in for more kisses. Dean wound his fingers into the fabric of Cas’ t-shirt, wanting to bring him closer, despite being pressed against him in every way possible. He frantically tugged him closer and closer, licking into Cas’ mouth, his head spinning as Cas gripped his thighs hard. Dean groaned into the kiss, sliding his tongue against Cas’ as he moved his hand to palm Cas through his jeans.
“Probably because you two idiots have been stalking him all day and he knows that you’re on to him,” Crowley retorted, shaking his head in disbelief. “Honestly, you could not be more obvious. I saw you as soon as he summoned me.”
Cas looked between the two brothers, searching for something to respond with. Finally, he smiled awkwardly, shaking his head. “That’s a kind offer, Sam, but we wouldn’t want to intrude. We’ll just find an abandoned house to sleep for the night and-”
"Vampires, werewolves, you know. . . monsters? They're real, just like the zombies were real. We kill them and save idiots like you," she smirked, as if she knew more than Dean Winchester about freaking hunting.
The silence was deafening. Dean thought he had made a mistake by bringing this up. Maybe he was the crazy one. Maybe they should just stay in the bunker where it was safe. But they were going to run out of food soon and they were down to their last few sources of light. “Maybe we can talk about this later,” Dean mumbled, feeling stupid now that no one was agreeing with him.
Dean closed his eyes, pushing the urge to cry back down. "When I get home, Cas-" he started, not daring to look at the man again. "We'll talk, okay? Just give me some time."
Dean managed a small laughed, glad the subject was changing. "Sam never could sing," he jumped in, getting the attention away from his snoring in Cas' ear. "Always sounded like some kind of dying animal. Dad would have to turn crank the volume just to cover him up." Dean smiled at the fond memories of his childhood. The few good ones they had consisted of John teasing Sam about getting singing lessons as the kid belted the words to some rock song, clearly tone deaf. Dean would hold his ears, taunting Sam by insisting his ears were bleeding.
, you’ll never see me, or Sammy, ever again. I’ll make sure of it.” He wasn’t going to see them ever again no matter what, since Dean was handing him over to Crowley at the most opportune time, but John didn’t have to know that. Dean needed to know where to find Cas. It would make things move much more smoothly if he knew Cas was safe.
As much as Dean wanted to keep going, to taste Cas and leave him a moaning, shaking mess, he knew this wasn't the time or place. Still, he kissed the bare skin of Cas' stomach, scraping his teeth over the sensitive skin on Cas' hip, but he didn't go any further. "We gotta get dinner," Dean mumbled against Cas' skin, dragging his mouth over the hot skin, his stubble leaving a slight red tint. "We can continue this tonight if you want." He wanted to continue right then and there, and it seemed like Cas did too, but they only served dinner for so long in the evenings.
Eventually, they must have reached an understanding because Crowley disappeared and John and the others started their trek back into town. Dean watched them leave, wondering if there was any point in following them now. They couldn’t follow them all day, especially when they couldn’t get close enough to hear anything.
“I don’t give a damn if you believe it, she didn’t fucking steal anything!” Dean yelled, raising his voice enough to surprise even John, who reeled back a little and looked at Dean, slightly shocked. Dean looked at the two idiots holding Charlie, pointing a finger into Ketch’s chest. “Take your hands off the girl. Both of you. Now.” Both of them looked at John, silently asking what to do. Dean grabbed Martin by the front of his shirt, forcing his attention back to Dean. “Don’t look at him, look at me!”
Meanwhile, Cas wore the most serious expression ever. "Don't be stupid, Dean. You're not left handed, so it would have taken you hours to even unbutton your jeans. I know you." The calm and collected tone of his voice made Dean's face redder than it should have, probably because Cas managed to shimmy the sweatpants up over Dean's hips as he stood up straight, meeting Dean's eyes with only a few inches between them. Cas let his hands linger on Dean's hips for way too long, but Dean didn't mention it. Lucky for him, the sweatpants covered up the bulge he had been trying so hard to keep down. The eye contact really did him in.
What Dean did know, after not sleeping at all and waking up very exhausted the next morning, was that Castiel was still not speaking to him. Today was Cas' day off from work, so Dean didn't have to accompany him to the medical building. This also meant Dean wasn't woken up with a plate of breakfast like the past few days. When he finally did drag himself out of bed, giving into the sad reality that he wasn't getting any more sleep, he trudged into the kitchen to see if anyone else was up and moving around. To his surprise, he found a plate covered in plastic wrap with a note on it, only his name written in dark ink. Even when Cas was pissed at him, he still cared. Dean couldn't help but smile a little, even if Cas still was nowhere to be seen.
After a long walk that felt too short, they were standing in front of the house, right at the bottom of the stairs leading up to the front door. Jo shoved her hands in her pockets, taking a step away from Dean with a small smile on her lips. “You can do this, Dean,” she told him reassuringly.
“I can tell,” Jo said, making Dean’s face burn red. What did she mean? “You guys seem really close. He’s always with you, always watching over you. You must really love each other.” It was an innocent statement, but it really punched Dean in the gut. Cas had poured his heart out earlier and instead of staying, telling him the truth, Dean had run off like a scared child. That wasn’t love. Dean felt so small.
Dean didn’t have it in him to keep up the argument, having just experienced the best orgasm of his life, so he just laughed softly and collapsed against Cas’ chest. He wrapped his arms around Cas’ waist, burying his face in the angel’s neck. “Feel free to prove me wrong any time you want,” he sighed happily, listening to the steady thump of Cas’ heart. They stayed that way for a few long minutes, until Cas pulled away and helped Dean get his pants back up and buttoned. They were lucky to not be interrupted, but somehow, Dean hadn’t thought about the possible consequences much when Cas was touching his dick. He tended to forget things when that happened.
“Let her go,” Dean demanded, meeting John’s eyes. He would try this the easy way first, but if he had to resort to other ways, he would. He just had to keep himself in check because John couldn’t know that Dean knew about the deal with Crowley.
“Jesus, Cas,” Dean breathed, his back arching as he tried not to shift too much under Cas’ hands holding onto his hips, fingers digging into his skin. Cas’ mouth sank lower on Dean’s cock, taking all of him in as Dean struggled to breathe normally. Cas was being so gentle, his fingertips brushing lightly over Dean’s skin, his tongue tracing the head of Dean’s cock as he moved his head up and down slowly, taking his time to really make sure Dean was enjoying it. Dean was already falling apart from this, so he didn’t notice Cas had opened the lube until there was a cool finger between his legs, lightly massaging his hole. “O-Oh fuck, Cas,” Dean cried, his fingers pulling a little too hard on Cas’ hair at the new sensation.
Afterwards, the two of them laid side by side, Dean with a dopey smile on his face as Cas leaned over to kiss his cheek. "So how was the tour?" Cas wondered, moving closer to pull Dean against him. Dean sighed happily and rested his head on Cas' chest, listening to his steady heartbeat. "Did you like Cesar and Jesse?"
“Yeah, alright,” Dean grumbled, clearly no way of getting out of this. “This is a one time thing. I’m a damn hunter, not a freaking pack mule.”
Dean chuckled, still with his forehead pressed against his angel's. "It's okay, Cas. I'll live," he replied, pressing a chaste kiss to Cas' lips. "I'm more worried about you getting some sleep." As much as he would have loved feeling Cas' hands on him, or even his mouth- Jesus, that would be amazing- he knew Cas needed sleep more than Dean needed release. "Back to bed?"
"I like it," Cas smiled, staring down at the tie again, as if Dean had just given him the greatest gift of all time. They stood there for what felt like a long time, but Dean may have just been imagining that. Dean didn't know what to say, or how to explain that intimate moment they just shared. Maybe Cas though nothing of it, but Dean knew it was weird, he just couldn't bring himself to feel guilty. "Dean, we should probably head back if we-" Cas started, cut off abruptly as Dean clamped a hand over his mouth, the sound of heavy footsteps catching his attention.
"Sounds great," Sam agreed, and then they easily jumped back into conversation, Bobby and Sam chit chatting like they hadn't been apart for ten years.
"Alright, sure," Dean agreed, shooting an enthusiastic smile towards Jack as the kid beamed at him. "The weather's nice, maybe we could go for a walk or something."
Dean took the keys from Sam, as they stood over the open trunk staring at their belongings. Dean started handing Jack all of their blankets and pillows, Cas most of their food, and then Sam took everything they needed to make the house safe from monsters and ghosts. Dean took what was left, including the weapons. Once they had everything piled up in their arms, they silently made their way up the steps on the porch. After Dean picked the lock, they dropped all of their things in the living room and took a quick survey of their new space. The living room wasn't too small, but the large couch took up a lot of room. There were side tables, a broken television, shattered pictures barely hanging off the walls, and a few other small things scattered around the room. They'd have to do some cleaning if they wanted to stay here, but first they had to make sure the house was empty.
"Not much to say," Dean came to Bobby's defense, because he wasn't about to get into that emotional crap with Ellen sitting right there. Not that he didn't trust her, but one person having to hear it was enough. "I mean, the past ten years have been uneventful other than fighting off hordes of flesh eating monsters. The most excitement I've had didn't even come until I ran into Castiel a little over two months ago." Somehow, he always ended up talking about Cas, even when he was trying to avoid it. No matter where the conversation started, it came back around to the angel.
Cas hesitated, but Dean couldn't see the look in his eyes. Finally, Cas' strong fingers wrapped around Dean's, still holding that tie like Cas would fly away if he let go. "I can do that," Cas promised, his hand warm and comforting. Dean felt a little less worried.
"Don't worry about it," Dean cut him off, licking his lips hesitantly. "I know how much those things suck. Sometimes, it feels like it'll never stop. I wouldn't wish it on my worst enemy." He bent down, picking up Cas' notebook of the ground where he must have dropped it after taking it away from Cas. He offered it back to Cas, who took it and tucked it under his arm. "You just wanna start the project tomorrow?" Dean wondered.
Dean rolled his eyes at how dramatic this situation was. They handled things just fine and all they had to do was get Dean to some kind of doctor. "We killed the damn skinwalker," Dean grunted out, still trying to overcome the pain in his arm by ignoring it. "I made Jo shoot, knowing it would probably hurt me too. This was my fault." They continued standing there, not moving, even though Dean was clearly still losing blood. "Can we please get to a fucking doctor?" he yelled, the pain getting the best of him.
"Okay," Cas said slowly, eyes narrowing as he studied Dean. "So next time you don't want to talk about something, you'll tell me that?" he asked, waiting as Dean nodded. Cas paused, still studying, and Dean shifted nervously under the angel's gaze. "And you won't run away, leaving me alone to wonder what I did to upset you? Letting me sit and worry, hoping I didn't push you so far that you'd never want to speak to me again?"
Dean sighed, but he didn't get his hopes up. He figured this would happen. The mysterious man in the woods didn't seem human, so there was a good chance Kaia got her memories wiped on purpose. Dean just had to figure out why. "Well, I'm glad you're okay. Claire was worried sick," Dean added, their eyes meeting.
"Cas is usually the one who goes to get it, so I figured I'd take one for the team this time," he answered with a shrug, talking around a forkful of eggs. "Jack went with me too," he pointed out.
"I'm okay," Jo provided, rocking back and forth on her feet a little as she wrapped her arms around herself. "What about you?" she wondered, gesturing to his arm in the sling, a slightly guilty look on her face.
"Dean?" Cas called, relaxing Dean's nerves immediately. Kaia still seemed on edge, but she hadn't met Cas yet, so that made sense. Dean scooted to the edge of the bed, ready to get up to meet Cas, but the angel was already busting through the door with a worried look on his face. "Dean," he said again, once their eyes met and Cas relaxed a little.
She hesitated, biting her lip as she shook her head. Dean knew she remembered, but she wasn’t going to admit it. “It’s stupid, Dean. I don’t think she-”
Dean steadied himself on Cas' lap by grabbing the back of the couch, leaning into Cas' chest as the kiss deepened. Cas tongue chased the taste of himself, sliding against Dean's as Dean groaned, involuntarily grinding his hips forward.
"That would be nice," Dean chuckles, thinking about how long it had been since he'd taken an actual shower. The water had worked for a while after the world went to shit, but it had still been years. The best they got was rinsing off with damp wash clothes and an occasional dip in a lake or river. "So your friends didn't want to hang out today?" Dean wondered, coming up on the edge of the only park in town. Dean briefly remembered sitting on the bench not too far away, talking to Jo about his boy problems.
They set out towards the kitchen, Sam and Jack leading the way, but not too far ahead of Dean and Cas. Surprisingly, they included Dean in their conversation the entire way there, even though Dean wasn't always sure what they were going on about. Jack talked about his plans to hang out with Claire, Kaia, and Krissy after work at the park. Sam mentioned someone named Eileen, which Dean pestered him about all the way there, but Sam wasn't giving out any details other than "she works in the kitchen, but we're just friends."
"I appreciate it, Jo," Dean replied honestly, giving her a small smile despite still being incredibly embarrassed from their entire conversation. "And please don't mention this to Charlie. It's bad enough that you know. I don't think I can handle both of you with your sexual innuendos and horrible jokes."
Jo started to protest, which Dean expected, but he had to agree with Cas on this one. “No arguments, Jo,” Dean cut her off, giving her a serious look. “Go to the car. We’ll be there soon.” With a frustrated sigh and intense glaring at Dean, Jo grabbed Charlie’s arm and dragged her to the car. Once they were out of earshot, Dean turned back to the other two, looking between them expectantly. “Start talking.”
“This changes everything, Sam,” Dean cut him off, trying not to feel guilty about going against Bobby’s wishes. “If Bobby knew John was planning to sacrifice someone sooner than two weeks, he’d do the same thing. We have to do this.”
Claire leaned forward on her knees, glancing at the floor as she shrugged. "How do I know I can trust you?" she asked, which Dean knew was a valid question. He just didn't know exactly how to answer it. What did Claire want to hear? Just because he was into dudes didn't make him trustworthy, but maybe telling Claire would be a good start at gaining her trust.
"Cas, don't," Dean cut him off with a small chuckle. "Don't worry about it." He grabbed two plates, shoving them into Cas' hands before he could bring up anything else about what happened before. "Here, take these to Sam and Jack. I'm right behind you." He waited for Cas to start walking towards the living room before he followed after him, carefully balancing their plates in the palm of his hands. Cas gave his two plates to Sam and Jack, who sat on the floor in front of a dusty coffee table, and then Cas took a seat on the stairs, waiting for Dean to join him.
Jo flashed him a look of worry, hesitating with her finger on the bullet. Dean screamed at her to shoot again, stamping his foot on top of the monster's, holding him tighter. He wouldn't be able to keep this up much longer. Luckily, Jo's expression changed as she focused her aim, taking the shot a few seconds later. Dean didn't have much time to react between the sound of the gunshot and the feeling of a bullet planting itself in his arm, just between his shoulder and his armpit. He groaned at the impact, his arms releasing the now dead skinwalker, both of their bodies hitting the ground. He used his untouched arm to drag himself away from the dead monster, sitting himself up as the blood poured from his arm, ruining his clothes.
Cas cocked his head to the side, confused. “I’d love to, but don’t you have dinner with your father tonight?”
“It takes skill, Cas!” Dean defended himself. This was possibly the stupidest thing they could have been arguing over, but Dean was too proud to let Cas win and Cas was just unaware that Dean was making it a competition. Dean knew Cas didn’t really care about this kind of stuff, but he couldn’t help it. “No one can just automatically be good at sucking dick.”
Dean had every intention of not taking it too far because they were in public and they had to get dinner at some point, but then Cas was lifting him up on the counter top and Dean had obviously forgotten somehow that Cas was so freaking strong. He moaned into the angel's mouth, letting himself get manhandled as Cas pressed into Dean, his hands on Dean's thighs, squeezing hard.
"Want me to distract you some more?" Dean wondered, a mischievous smirk on his lips as his hand worked its way down Cas' chest to his dick, still hard from sucking Dean off minutes before.
Cas hesitated, still holding the hem of his shirt, but eventually he dropped his hands and tore his eyes away from Dean's. "Okay," he agreed. "Tomorrow, I'll wear the one you got me today, Dean," he promised, laying his blanket out on the dirty floor to lay down. The couch was too torn and incredibly disgusting, so they couldn't sleep there. Meaning, they both had to sleep on the floor.
“Yes, and you know you did,” he retorted, playfully smacking her arm. “Now, we’re gonna go find Charlie and Cas. You’re going to tell her how you feel, and I’m going to take Cas out on a date. We’re both gonna have amazing nights. No objections, alright?”
When Cas woke up Saturday morning, he was in a better mood than he had been for the past few months. He even cleaned up the house, which hadn't been done since his dad left for his business trip. That was three weeks ago. Living in the big house alone, there wasn't much to clean, but Cas really needed to do the dishes and his laundry. He managed to get all of that done, and he swept and mopped all the floors. He needed to go grocery shopping too, but he didn't feel like getting out. That was maybe a little too much for one day. Instead, he cooked himself lunch from what he had at home already. That just happened to be some freezer burnt chicken nuggets and a small box of mac and cheese from the pantry.
Dean missed the days when he and Sam could walk the earth freely killing monsters and saving people. He never thought things would get so bad that they, the Winchesters, would have to go into hiding. When it happened, it was so unexpected that they didn’t have time to talk to any of their friends or family. Dean remembered it vividly, ten years ago, the wave of demon infected undead killing people left and right. Dean had dragged Sammy into the bunker, secured the perimeter, locked up the entrances, and that was where they stayed. They developed a set of rules over that extended period of time. They never left alone, always together. If they were to encounter someone in living flesh, they were not to approach that person. Dean grew up not trusting anyone but his father and his brother, and he wasn’t about to start now.
“Dean, wait,” Sam sighed, stepping in front of Dean to keep him from walking away. “Let’s just think about this for a second. We have no idea where dad took him. We should find Bobby and come up with a plan, then we can split up and look for Cas,” he suggested, but Dean didn’t really get any of what he said.
"Crowley, you have to heal him!" Cas cried, hauling Dean closer as Dean felt Cas tremble with worry against him. "Please, I'll do anything-"
For a few minutes, they picked through their bags of clothing in silence, bags and shoes scuffing across the floor to fill the quiet air. Dean finally found the shirt he was looking for and grabbed a pair of his sweatpants, turning around just in time to find Cas staring at him from where he sat on the edge of the bed. His tie was loosened, his shirt unbuttoned halfway down his chest. Dean swallowed hard, trying to keep his eyes on Cas' face. "I'm gonna head to bed," Dean said quietly, glancing at the door.
As he worked out calculus problems in his notebook, he heard the usual hoard of jocks filter through the door, cursing and shoving each other, being annoying as usual. Cas tuned them out, focused on distracting himself so he didn't have a panic attack in the middle of class. For a few seconds, it worked. Until someone grabbed the notebook out from under his hand, dragging a line of ink across his homework page. Cas reached for it on instinct, but the other guy was faster.
“You son of a bitches are disgusting,” he grumbled to himself, stepping over a rotting body as he approached the doors to the convenience store at the farthest end of town, their least frequented stop. He kept his gun close as he pushed open the doors, the sound of his boots hitting the ground echoing around the store. He opened his bag and started picking things off the shelf. He took as much as he could hold in the bag and grabbed the last case of water off the shelf too. He couldn’t find any medicine for Sam, but at least he could make his little brother eat some food. That would help some.
They'd been circling the same part of the woods for two hours, nothing to do but talk. Dean steered the conversation away from his personal issues whenever an opportunity came up for Jo to ask, so eventually she stopped asking about him. He'd learned a lot about Jo in the last two hours, like how she was Ellen's daughter and how Bobby had become like a father to her. Dean could talk about Bobby all day, so at least he was able to share something with her. Jo talked about why she liked hunting and how her and her mom got into it. She talked about the roadhouse her and her mom used to run, before the apocalypse of course. Dean listened politely, commenting every now and then to keep the conversation going. For the most part, it was quite aside from their light conversation and bantering. Dean decided he liked Jo, enough that he might eventually agree to a date with her just to get over Cas. Not that he was sure it would work, but at least he'd have fun. Jo was a great conversationalist and she was really pretty, so one date wouldn't kill him. It would ease the tension between him and his father, at least. One date and that would be it. Dean didn't even have to tell Cas about it. If Cas would even care, that is.
"Maybe for a little while," Dean managed through his ragged breathing, tilting his head back into the pillow as Cas mouthed at his neck, hot and heavy against Dean's delicate skin. Cas mumbled something against Dean's skin, but Dean was too lost in the sensation, too focused on Cas' fingers teasingly circling taut nipples and dipping lower, lower, pushing at the band of Dean's sweats.
“Friends, huh?” John seethed, that familiar look of disappointment and anger filling his eyes. The same look he wore all those years ago when he caught Dean the first time. The look he wore when he sent Dean off to that horrible place to turn him ‘normal’ again. “He acts like he owns you. No son of mine-”
"I'm done talking about it," Dean replied, searching through the shirts until he found one that didn't look as worn out as the others. He took it off the hanger, folding it up to tuck under his arm. He wasn't sure why he grabbed it, if not to just get Sam off his ass. That wasn't the only reason, but he was too embarrassed to admit the real reason he wanted that shirt. "Let's go. We need to keep moving before it gets dark."
"Dean, it's okay," Sam said softly, reaching across the table. Dean jerked away from his brother's touch, not wanting to be comforted. He didn't need to be babied. He was fine. He was working through his shit on his own. "Hey, I'm sorry. I didn't mean to start something," he continued, putting his hands in his lap as Dean glanced up at him. "We can just forget about it."
By the time Sam caught up with him, Dean was already past the point of trying to stop. He couldn’t be convinced to slow down, or think about what he was doing. Nothing mattered except finding Cas. “Dean, what happened?” Sam demanded, grabbing Dean’s shoulder to stop him. Dean gripped his gun in his right hand so hard, his knuckles turned white and his hand started to go numb. “What is it?” Sam repeated, pushing Dean back as Dean tried to get out of his grip.
For a long time, Dean stayed pressed up against the tree, letting his heart rate settle back to normal. He rested his forehead against the rough bark, watching the blood steadily drip from his fingers down to the dead grass at his feet. The longer he stood there, the darker it got, but he couldn’t find it in himself to move. He was afraid to go home, to face his brother and Cas and tell them what he did to himself all because he couldn’t stand up to his father. He was ashamed that the only way he found comfort was in hurting himself this way, pretending it was something else. He hadn’t felt this broken in a long time- not since the year he spent away from Sam and Bobby at seventeen.
When Dean woke, he felt like he’d been asleep forever. He wasn’t sure how long it had really been, but at least he felt refreshed, which didn’t happen often. Dean stretched his arms over his head, feeling the repercussions of fighting those vamps yesterday. For a moment, he sat there, just breathing and allowing himself a moment to fully wake up. After so long, he pushed himself up off the floor, threw a shirt over his head, and lit the candle from last night. He grabbed the candle and walked closer to the bed, carefully sitting the candle on the bedside table. Cas was still asleep, adorably so, with his head nearly hanging off the edge of the bed. The angel had one arm under the pillow, the other next to his head. The blanket was only covering his legs and his shirt had ridden up to expose his belly. Dean swallowed hard, raking his eyes over Cas’ body for only a moment. He knew he couldn’t be thinking about him like that, but in the moment, he couldn’t stop it.
Jo sighed, but she seemed understanding enough. "We had a super cool night planned," she mumbled. "I guess Charlie and I can just hang out and do everything we had planned ourselves, right Char?" she added, elbowing Charlie with a grin.
"I figured there was something going on about a month ago, but the past couple of days have been especially. . . revealing," he explained awkwardly. "I didn't want to say anything. I figured you'd tell me when you were ready. But if you're going to keep asking about Eileen, I'm gonna need something in return, Dean. I'm not embarrassing myself unless I have something on you too."
"Oh, come on," Ellen answered with a bit of a smirk. "The two of you are like peas in a pod. Almost like Jo and Charlie. There's gotta be more to it."
"Hey!" Sam protested, defeated as the laughter now targeted him. "Alright, watch out Dean, I have plenty of stories about you from when we were kids!" he threatened, shutting Dean up pretty quick. He didn't need Sam going into details about Dean as a child, because those stories would definitely scare Cas and Jack away for good.
He blissfully listened to Cas' arousing sounds of pleasure, the way he gasped when Dean's tongue teased over his sensitive head, or the way he moaned Dean's name as Dean swallowed all of Cas' length without as much trouble as he thought he'd have. When Cas let go of Dean's hand to thread both sets of fingers through Dean's hair, Dean moved his one free hand to fondle Cas' balls, knowing it would feel good, considering he knew how much he loved it himself. The yelp from Cas' lips was oddly the sexiest thing Dean had ever heard. Satisfied, he kept at it, working Cas up until he was pulling Dean's hair so hard it was almost too much.
I've been trying to stay two chapters ahead of my updating schedule, but I'm afraid I've caught up to myself, so I can't promise my updates will continue to be every two-three days anymore. Hopefully once a week, though. That's what I'm aiming for. As always, thanks for reading :) and for commenting! I thrive on comments :))
“Dad isn’t far ahead,” Sam reminded him, slowly unraveling his hands from Dean’s arms. Dean let his fingers loosen from Sam’s shirt, his hands shaking as he felt his heart trying to beat out of his chest. “If we summon Crowley now, we might be able to catch him before dad turns Cas over. The worst dad can do right now is. . .” he trailed off, a frown settling deep on his lips.
“Dean, it’s for the best,” Sam agreed, looking guilty as he said it. He knew Dean wouldn’t like being benched, but with Bobby’s help, Sam did it anyway. “It’ll put Cas at ease, too,” Sam added, as if to guilt trip Dean with a reminder that he promised Cas he’d be careful.
Dean stared at his empty plate, knowing there was nothing he could do at this point. Cas wasn't his responsibility, as much as it felt like he was. "Alright," Dean mumbled, standing up quickly as he scooped up Cas' empty plate as well. "Get changed and pick a room upstairs to sleep in." He left Cas sitting on the step as he took the dirty plates to the kitchen, setting them off to the side to be cleaned later. Hopefully they could find some clean water running through town soon to cook and clean with. For tonight, Dean didn't want to worry about anything but sleeping.
As Ketch let go of his hold on Charlie’s other arm, releasing her into Dean’s arms, John sighed loudly and said, “Dean, you’re acting ridiculous.”
"We have to keep up appearances," Jo confirmed, dropping her hand from his shoulder to instead grab Charlie's arm, hauling the girl closer. "Don't worry, Charlie has agreed to a double date. Me and you, her and Cas." The two of them shared secretive smiles that Dean didn't care enough to interpret. "But of course, it would really be you and Cas on a double date with me and Charlie, though no one has to know that but us. We just need you to get Cas on board."
He hesitated a moment before knocking on the door, hoping this went better than he was expecting. He waited a few seconds before a small voice from the other side of the door called, "It's open!"
Jo rolled her eyes playfully. "Fine," she grumbled, pulling Charlie closer to her side. "Let's go, Charlie. Leave the old man alone. It's past his bedtime." She stuck her tongue out childishly and Dean laughed, shaking his head as he waved them off.
"There you go, buddy," Dean answered, his voice low as his thumbs circled over Cas' shoulders, calming him slowly. "Breathe with me, Cas," Dean said, taking in a deep breath before slowly letting it out. Eventually, Cas nodded, following his instructions. Finally, they were breathing at the same time, in and out, in and out. They stood there for a long time, just breathing, until Castiel's grip gradually loosened, until his hands were just barely resting on Dean's sides. "Feel better?" Dean asked, once Cas was back to breathing normally.
“Okay, I’m sorry,” Charlie conceded, a sincere look on her face. Meanwhile, Jo was still shaking with laughter, so Dean knew she wasn’t about to apologize. Not that he needed it, but this was why Charlie was his favorite. “We promise not to ask about your sex life anymore, right Jo?”
"Sorry," Dean exhaled slowly, running his hand down the middle of Cas' sternum, reveling in the strong muscles of the man's torso. Before he could get too swept away in just touching Castiel's chest- how pathetic, by the way- he worked up the nerve to get his hand in Cas' pants, working them down enough to free his leaking cock. For a second, Dean wrapped his fingers around it, just admiring the sight of Cas so hard for him, a proud sensation knowing he turned Cas on just as much as Cas turned him on.
“Okay, I will,” Jack promised, but he still looked very concerned as Dean let him go. “Please be careful, whatever you’re planning,” he added, because he’d lived with Dean for almost three months and he knew exactly how Dean was.
The silence that settled between them stretched on for so long, Dean thought he might have imagined saying it out loud. But finally, Sam shook his head, opening his mouth a few times as if he couldn’t figure out what to say, eventually settling on, “Are you sure?”
"We're not. . . together?" Cas asked, a frown setting on his lips. "We're friends, Dean. We live together, eat together, travel together. . . what does that make us?"
He decided to drive a little longer, just because he still didn’t think he’d be able to sleep unless he tried harder to find them. Just as he thought he should give up, something caught his eye. The faintest light coming from a window of a house. It almost looked like a candle, which Dean had put into Cas’ bag in case they needed extra light.
"Cas, hey," Dean greeted him, but Cas didn't give him even a moment to say anything else before throwing himself into Dean's arms, holding just a little too tight. It hurt, but in the best way. Dean laughed softly at Cas' enthusiasm, hugging him back without hesitating. "I'm okay, Cas," he said as he pressed a warm kiss to Cas' temple.
"I'll tell Sam soon," Dean promised, glancing down the hallway to make sure the coast was clear before pressing a chaste kiss to Cas' temple. "Just gotta figure out the best time."
"I've got nothing else to say," Cas mumbled, turning abruptly to walk away from Dean, his heavy footsteps receding down the hallway to join the others in the living room. Dean stood there against the wall for a few more seconds, letting his head fall back against the hard surface, cursing at himself for how poorly he just handled that. He had the perfect opportunity to apologize, but instead he fucked it up, just like he did everything else.
Dean couldn't help the nervous laugh that came out as he stepped into the room, shutting the door behind him. "Come here," he instructed, meeting Cas in the middle of the room, where they stood too close for Dean to breath normally. He batted Cas' hands away from the tie to do it himself. For a few moments, they stood there in silence, Dean's fingers working the tie knot until it came undone. "There," Dean hummed, sliding the tie over Cas' neck before folding it up neatly, handing it back to Cas with a small smile. As Cas took the tie, their fingers brushed, and the contact reminded Dean of why he was there in the first place. "Can we talk?" he blurted out, trying to hold onto the lines he had rehearsed. "About what happened earlier?" he elaborated when Cas cocked his head to the side in confusion.
“I mean, maybe,” Dean replied. “Maybe I want to find other survivors, or maybe I just want to get out of this dark, depressing bunker. The apocalypse is over and I think we need to start rebuilding things. I want to have a home again. We can handle a few monsters, right?” There, talk about monsters. Stop thinking about Cas’ eyes. Think about killing monsters instead. That’s all he had to do.
"Are you okay?" Cas asked, the concern showing in his pretty blue eyes. Dean swallowed, his mouth suddenly dry. He nodded. Cas dropped his hand almost as soon as Dean was standing again, so now there were just in each other's space, looking at each other. Dean felt a sudden pang of guilt, the reality of the situation setting in. "Dean, you don't look okay," Cas argued, stepping closer as Dean felt his feet shuffling backwards. Why was he moving away? Cas was just trying to help, but he couldn't let him get closer.
“Touch me,” Dean gasped, his cock heavy and aching to be touched. Cas obliged without hesitation, slipping his hand beneath Dean to wrap his fingers around him. Dean stifled his moan with Cas’ fingers pressed against his tongue. Cas’ thrusts became somewhat clumsy without a good grip on Dean’s waist, sending Dean flat onto his stomach as Cas fucked him into the mattress. Cas kept his hand around Dean, but pressed between his stomach and the bed, he couldn’t move well. Dean needed that friction and found himself thrusting into Cas’ hand himself, his head spinning with the amount of pleasure it sent through his body. Cas was breathing erratically in Dean’s ear, whispering praises about how good Dean felt, how beautiful he was. Cas’ voice was what sent Dean over the edge, one minute rocking back into Cas’ hips to meet his thrusts, the next he was spilling into Cas’ hand and all over their only pair of sheets.
"Tell me about it," Dean grumbled, ignoring her pity. He knew how his father felt about that kind of thing. He had a slight twinge of hope that John had changed in the past ten years, but Charlie had just confirmed that was wishful thinking, and nothing more. "I thought as much," he sighed, still watching Cas, longingly, pining after him like a lovesick puppy. As if Cas could feel Dean's eyes on him, he glanced back, meeting Dean's eyes for a moment. Dean must have had a pretty pathetic look on his face, because despite Castiel's anger with him, the angel still smiled softly before looking away, jumping back into the conversation with Sam.
"Mornin'" Dean mumbled, eyes still closed, though he was clearly awake. Cas turned over on his back, so he could see Dean better. He cracked on eye, looking at Cas with a questioning expression on his face. "What? Trying to figure out if last night was a dream or something?" he teased, making Cas flush a deep red.
"Yeah, I think so," Dean nodded, trying to contain his own anger for Claire's sake. "It's okay, Claire. We'll find her," he said firmly, hoping his words were enough to convince her that he really was there to help her.
“No problem, kid,” Dean answered, watching as he started shoveling spoonfuls of food into his mouth. He must have really been starving, the way he ate. Cas shook his head at his nephew, but didn’t scold him. Dean took the seat next to Cas, amused by their relationship and how weird this kid was. “So, how old are you anyways?” Dean asked, trying to make small talk so they didn’t eat in silence.
"Alright, alright," Dean complained, shoving the front door open as he cast one more pained look at Charlie as she smirked at him from the bottom of the stairs. She gave him a thumbs up before he looked away, stepping into the house and shutting the door quietly behind him. He shrugged off his jacket, laying it across the back of the couch, then toed off his shoes to leave by the door. With a shaky exhale, he made his way to the back of the house, walking down the dark hallway, and then was at Castiel's door, feet glued to the floor as he tried to work up the nerve to knock. When he finally did, there was no answer. Dean waited a few more seconds before just opening the door himself, inching it open slowly, until he saw Cas sitting on the edge of his bed.
Dean stared down at the bottle in his hands, his cheeks as red as before, if not worse. He knew he had to find lube eventually if he wanted to have sex with Cas, but the last person he expected to get it from was Jo. He figured he'd secretly stash some in his pocket on a supply run or something.
“Good,” Dean replied, shifting uncomfortably. “Come get something to eat,” he encouraged, nodding his head towards the door. “Sam’s probably up already.” He didn’t wait for Cas to follow, since he knew where the dining room was at this point. He found Sam setting the table, the candles burning for light. Jack sat patiently, talking Sam’s ear off while Sam put food in front of him. “You cooked?” Dean asked, surprised. Sam hardly ever made their meals, mostly because Dean never asked him too.
"That's right!" she declared, grabbing his shoulders excitedly. "You're gonna be great! Now, go get him, tiger!" Dean tried to object, but Charlie wasn't listening. She turned him around, shoving him up the stairs, this time overpowering him because he knew she would get her way in the end. "And don't let me find out you didn't talk to him. I'll lock your asses in a room together until you work it out," she threatened, and Dean knew that wasn't an empty threat. He believed Charlie really was capable of whatever she put her mind to, and that was kind of scary.
"Sounds great, Charlie," he agreed, returning the smile as she started taking a few steps back, reluctant to leave Dean sitting there alone. He stood to show her he was heading back inside himself. "I'll see you then," he added, giving a small wave as he opened the door, watching Charlie walk off before he stepped back into the house with a small sigh. The house was quiet. Everyone was shut into their own rooms, leaving Dean with nothing left to do but lay down on the couch, his bed for the foreseeable future. He flopped down on the couch with a sigh, resting his hands behind his head as he stared at the ceiling, wishing he had something to do. All of his books were still packed into the trunk of the Impala. Sam was sleeping. Jack was enjoying the perks of having his own room. Cas was ignoring him. Until dinner, he was on his own.
"Stay right here, Dean," he commanded, picking up his papers from the counter top. "Don't touch me until I've finished counting, understand?" Dean groaned, his head drooping as he dropped his hand to his lap, still sitting on his knees which were getting a little uncomfortable on the hard floor. Cas placed a hand under Dean's chin, lifting his head back up to look him in the eye. Suddenly, Dean forgot about the pain in his knees as Cas looked down at him. "Dean, can you do that?" he asked again, patiently.
"I'll be fine, but we gotta keep dad away from Cas," Dean answered, grateful for Sam's support. He expected no less, but it still made him happy. "Bobby said the same. He's behind us too. And Jo and Charlie."
Dean found himself giving in to how good it felt having Cas in his mouth, forgetting about everything else. Cas was moaning and panting above him, Dean's name on his lips as Dean swallowed him down and gently ran his hand over Cas' thigh, digging his fingers into the hard muscle. When he looked up, Cas was watching him again, his hand still in Dean's hair.
Cas looked away from Dean, staring at his hand on top of Dean’s bandaged knuckles. His hand was almost completely healed, but Charlie wanted him to keep it covered for a few more days just in case. Cas hadn’t asked about it since the day it happened, but today, he gently ran his thumb over the edge of the bandage and asked, “can you tell me what happened?”
Jack shifted uncomfortably in his chair, as if he'd said something wrong. "She asked about you," he admitted. Dean gave Jack a confused look, urging him to explain more. "She asked if you and Cas were together. She promised she wouldn't tell anyone- she just needed someone she could trust. I don't know what your relationship with Castiel has to do with her trusting you, but she's been really distant lately. I thought some good news might make her feel better."
. Dean groaned, sinking lower on Cas' dick, swirling his tongue in a way he imagined felt good, but it had been years since he'd done anything like this. He was a little rusty. Cas seemed to be thoroughly enjoying it, though, so Dean took that as a good sign.
"Oh, this is my. . . um- this is Cas," he explained, quickly looking over to Sam, then the kid sitting next to him. "And his nephew, Jack," he added, to get the attention away from Cas. "We ran into them a couple months ago and since then, they've been staying with us." He saw the fond smile Cas gave him and tried not to think about the conversation they had this morning, because that would only make this whole situation worse. Sitting this close to him, thinking about how Cas might have had romantic feelings towards Dean, the fact that he couldn't sleep without being near Dean. . . dear god, he was already thinking about it.
“Crowley,” Cas growled, meeting him halfway, until they were face to face. “I’ll ask you one more time- what do you want from Dean?”
Dean glanced at the radio for a moment, then looked at Jack in the rearview mirror. "Yeah, but we've only got one tape," he answered, digging through the glove box while Sam slept peacefully in the passenger seat. Cas was asleep too, his head leaned against the window in the seat next to Jack. "Looks like some AC/DC," he read, squinting at the writing that was fading on the tape. There used to be so many tapes in various places throughout the car because John had an arsenal of different music. Dean grew up listening to all kinds of bands and music genres. He loved nothing more than a little classic rock, which he was happy to subject Jack to. The kid could use some good music in his life. Dean briefly wondered if the kid had even listened to music before, considering he had been born in the midst of an apocalypse. For a second, Dean had an image of Castiel teaching Jack the words to some obscure pop song and the two of them jamming out, which made him chuckle.
Finally, Cas gave an understanding look, and Dean sighed audibly in relief, thinking he had avoided catastrophe. Except, Cas' face fell again, an even deeper frown on his face as he looked away from Dean, staring at his hands. "And you don't want. . . you don't want a romantic relationship," Cas stated, though it seemed like it was implied more as a question.
"Hey, watch it," Dean grumbled, scooting his chair away from the small card table they had set up to play games at. "I let you win." It wasn't true, Cas really had won fair and square. If Dean being distracted every time Cas licked his lips as he thought about his next move was considered fair. To Dean, it wasn't, but he wasn't about to say that out loud. "Charlie, you're up, kid," Dean sighed, giving his chair up for her to take his place.
After the door slammed behind Sam, Dean wandered down the hall towards his room. He didn't want to wake Cas, so he quietly opened the door without knocking, inching his way into the room. However, it was all for nothing, since Cas was laying in the middle of the bed wide awake as he stared up at the ceiling. As soon as Dean shut the door, Cas looked over at him, confused.
When Dean turned around to keep walking home, the man in the suit was gone. Dean had an uneasy feeling in his gut, but he wasn’t sure what to do about it. All he knew was that he had to get Kaia home to Charlie. He had to make sure she was okay, no matter what was wrong with him. She had to be okay.
“Jo, stop it,” Dean cut her off, squeezing her shoulders assuringly. “You told me- there’s never a good reason to not be with someone you love.”
Bobby pinched the bridge of his nose, the three of them falling into an awkward silence. No one wanted to say what they were all thinking. “How long do we have to decide?” Sam asked.
Dean woke to an empty bed beside him, the spot cold and flooded with sunlight. He felt a slight twinge of disappointment at waking up alone, but then he remembered that Cas wanted to avoid Sam or Jack seeing him, so that's why he probably left early this morning. With a small sigh, Dean carefully dragged himself into a sitting position, letting his feet hit the cold floor. For a moment, he just sat there, eyes adjusting to the light, breathing in and out. After stretching his good arm and his legs and wherever else felt tense, he stood up with a small groan, his shoulder aching.
Dean glanced at Sam, raising an eyebrow. Before he could ask, Sam shook his head, holding up his own book. "Sorry, gotta finish this book before we run out of daylight."
"That wasn't part of the deal, little angel," Crowley retorted, and Dean wasn't sure, but he thought he heard the familiar rush of air as Crowley zapped himself out of there. That was the last thing Dean remembered before passing out in Cas' arms.
"We rebuild our home," Dean said with a small smile. "We make this place what John couldn't. We do things the right way. Accept everyone for who they are. Make people feel safe."
“Five more minutes,” Cas grumbled, burying his face in Dean’s neck with a sigh. Dean rolled his eyes, but let Cas hold on to him just a little longer, rubbing his back with one hand, the other gently carding through Cas’ hair. Eventually, Sam came pounding on the door yelling about breakfast and being late to work. Cas grunted unhappily in response, but didn’t refuse when Dean nudged him off to get out of bed.
"Maybe another time?" Cas offered, his heart racing as he suggested it. That would insinuate that they would be seeing each other more, wouldn't it? What if Dean didn't want that? Cas was sure Dean hated him just yesterday, so why would he think Dean liked him after only spending a day with him?
"I have to count the inventory above your head," Cas informed Dean, suddenly inches away as he reached up to open the cabinet directly above Dean. For a moment, Dean was still focused on counting the rest of his things, not really paying much attention other than noting how close Cas was to him. Then, he finished counting and turned to get up, only to realize just where his face was. Cas was still counting, very focused actually, and Dean was transfixed on the strip of bare skin where the t-shirt (which he stole from Dean) was riding up his stomach.
"Charlie," Castiel's frantic voice said, looking over her shoulder as she worked. "What can I do? How do I help him?" Dean was focusing on Cas' face, those blue eyes, because it helped distract him from Charlie digging around in his arm. Well, she wasn't exactly digging into his arm yet, just cleaning the blood away, but it sure felt like she was jabbing him with a sharp knife.
"I asked what you wanted to know," Cas repeated, his voice low and somehow intimate. "Do you want me to start from the beginning?"
“That’s nice, Dean,” Cas breathed, a sleepy smile taking over his face. Dean snorted a little, rolling his eyes. Cas was not paying the least bit attention to him. Dean knew anything else he had to say would be lost to the sleeping angel right now, so he didn’t say anything else. Instead, he traced his fingertips over Cas’ jaw, eventually resting his hand on the angel’s warm cheek, just admiring him for a moment.
Sam shrugged, still giving Dean a concerned look. "I just heard you moving around late last night. I thought you might not be sleeping well because of your arm. I was going to offer to talk to Charlie, see if there isn't some kind of medicine that'll help you sleep."
After about a minute, the door creaked open slowly, revealing a young woman with dark hair and soft features. Dean had never met this girl before and didn't even know Jody had another daughter. He assumed this girl was Jody's daughter, anyways. She looked older than Claire, but not by much. He quickly got over his confusion and flashed his biggest smile, holding up a hand in greeting. "Hi, my name is Dean. I'm here to see Claire," he explained, waiting for the girl to move out of the way and let him in.
"Right," Dean agreed, the word making his heart clench. He had been so close, but it was better this way. Staying friends with Cas was the right choice. The safe one. Dean decided to move on from that subject, instead taking the opportunity to ask more about Cas' personal life. "You mean to tell me you've been on earth for ten years and haven't even kissed anyone?" he teased, making Cas roll his eyes.
Sam sighed, running a hand through his hair as he thought about it. “Okay, fine, but keep your distance. If he sees us, we’re dead,” Sam conceded.
"Right," Dean mumbled, clearing this throat. He shrugged off his jacket, still unsure why he was listening instead of leading them home where they should have been going instead of this place. Dean dropped his jacket next to their bags, his feet glued to the floor as Cas stepped closer, helping Dean into the ridiculous suit jacket. "What's the point in this again?" he asked, holding his arms out like a child as Cas smoothed the material on Dean's sides.
“Tomorrow,” Dean said, leaning back in, his nose bumping Cas’ gently as he smiled, kissing the corner of Cas’ mouth.
John shoved his hands in his pockets, looking between the four of them as if he was just now deciding. "Castiel was requested by one of our medical personnel," he started, eyes on Cas with a rather uncaring expression on his face. "I doubt you have medical experience, but she'll teach you everything she knows. You'll basically be an assistant. It's not hard," he explained. Cas didn't say anything, only nodded his head as a reply. "And Jack- wait, how old are you kid?" he asked.
Dean felt his cheeks flush, thinking about the reason which he most definitely could not tell Jo. He could, however, tell her part of it. "I was a major dick to Cas yesterday and I want to make it up to him," he supplied, pretty proud of himself for not stumbling over the words in embarrassment.
Dean sucked in a sharp breath, leaning back on his hands as Cas tugged on the waistband of his jeans. “W-Wait, you don’t have to-” he started, but then Cas was shoving Dean’s shirt up past his stomach and sucking on Dean’s hip. Suddenly, Dean forgot how to form coherent sentences. He brought his injured arm in front of him, threading his fingers through Cas’ hair as his good arm held him up. “
“I know where he is,” Dean answered instead of worrying her even more with the truth. “Give me the bag.” Without waiting for her reply, he took the bag out of her arms and slung it over her shoulder. “You two stay here. Sam and I are gonna find Cas and then we’ll go from there.”
“Dean, I know you care about him and want to find him, but you can’t just wander around hoping to run into dad. There has to be a better way,” Sam retorted, grabbing both of Dean’s shoulders despite Dean’s tight grip on Sam’s shirt. Now they were both stuck there in each other’s grip, unable to go anywhere until someone gave in. Dean could easily get out of Sam’s grip, but he didn’t want to hurt his little brother. If it came to it, he’d do what he had to in order to get to Cas, but he really didn’t want Sam getting caught in the middle. This was between Dean and John.
“Damn it, Dean!” John screamed, getting a tight grip on Dean’s wrist, but it did nothing to deter Dean’s fists connecting with John’s nose again. “Stop it!” he begged, his words garbled by the blood flowing from his nose into his mouth. “The hell is wrong with you?!”
"We're sorry, Jack," Cas said, placing his hand on Dean's back, his hand warm and heavy against Dean's aching muscles. "We meant to tell you."
have to care too.” He lowered himself down to the floor, between Dean’s legs. His face was shining with the tears Dean caused. Cas gently moved his hands from Dean’s cheeks to grab Dean’s hands, squeezing them both tightly. “I know you want to save everyone, and this might be selfish of me, but I can’t live without you.” He paused for a moment, biting down on his bottom lip as he looked at Dean with absolute pain in his eyes.
Dean breathed a small sigh of relief once he knew for sure the hellhounds were gone, but then immediately put his guard back up. He had to be careful making a deal with a demon. Crowley could easily twist his words and fuck him over, so he needed to be clear about what he wanted. "I'll bring John to you and you can have his soul. You can do whatever the hell you want with him honestly, just as long as I never have to hear from him again. In return, you have to promise Cas' safety. You heal him and make sure his soul is safe from hell."
"Cheaters," Charlie mumbled under her breath, but Dean saw a hint of that smile on her face. She was the only person on Dean's side in this whole messy situation. At least, the only person who understood what he was going through. She moved another piece before the door chimed, signalling someone walking through the door. Charlie and Dean both whipped their heads up to look at the entrance, Cas still staring at the board. "Oh, hey, Jo!" Charlie chirped, her chair scraping the floor as she moved to get up. "Dean, make sure Cas doesn't cheat while I talk to Jo," she added.
“Oh,” Charlie said, still with that confused look on her face. Dean felt his face get hot as he glanced up at Cas, then back to Charlie. Her eyes followed the same path, then realization washed over her face. “
"Go on," he answered, giving the kid a gentle shove. "I get it, you don't wanna hang out with the old man."
“Yes,” Jack answered, matter of factly. “Cas is an angel too, but not half like me. We. . . don’t have powers anymore.” His face fell as he said that last line, his eyes staring at the scratches in the table.
"We just decided we're better off as friends," Dean replied lamely, not really knowing how to start talking about Cas. He wanted to tell Bobby, but he wanted to make sure it was safe to do so. "I think she's really sweet and beautiful, of course, but just not what-" he cut himself off, shaking his head softly.
Cas didn't answer for a long time, still staring into Dean's eyes as if he would find the answer he was looking for in them. Eventually, he nodded, letting Dean pull him in for a kiss. They kept it short and sweet, even though Kaia was sleeping. Dean didn't want to traumatize the poor kid.
John scoffed as he shook his head, completely unbothered. Dean had to restrain himself from saying something stupid that would derail everything. “Okay,” John said, waving his guys towards the door. “This isn’t over.” He still had that smug look on his face, like he knew something Dean didn’t, as he walked out the door after his men. When they were gone, Dean locked the door behind them.
"Talk to me, Cas," Dean begged, suddenly very nervous. He could feel his heart beating in nearly every part of his body and he just hoped Cas couldn't tell. "You've been ignoring me since yesterday and I don't know what I did wrong. Tell me where I went wrong?"
"You got it," Dean agreed, picking up his fork to start shoveling food into his mouth. Eating with his left hand was a little difficult, but he managed. He denied Cas' request to feed him because that would have been ridiculously embarrassing, so it took him longer than usual to eat all the food on his plate. Once he was done, Charlie cleared their plates and set them off to the side, excusing herself to the other room with a small smirk that only Dean saw. He shot her glare in return, but she didn't see it.
“He took Cas,” Dean said, because that was the only explanation needed. That was all that mattered. Cas was gone and Dean was going to find him.
"He's here," Dean confirmed, stepping to the side as Sam all but threw himself into Bobby's arms, a smile lighting up his face as they squeezed each other. When Sam pulled away, the three of them stood there for a moment, just letting reality sink in. They were all together again, after ten years. Dean never thought he'd be able to be this happy. When he met Cas, he thought that was the happiest he could be. Now, he had Bobby, Cas, Jack, his brother, and a place to call home. This was it for him. He couldn't ask for more.
"Great," John replied. "Then you'll work a few hours at the kitchen throughout the week. Easiest job there is, but always looking for more help." Jack seemed happy with being included, at least by the smile on his face, it looked that way. John quickly moved on, now looking between his sons. "You boys probably could've guessed this, but you'll be with me and Bobby, and of course there are others. We gather supplies from outside the wall, secure the perimeter, and most important- we hunt the monsters trying to find a way in."
“Well shit,” Claire breathed, her voice shaking. “I probably made it worse then, right? Do you think he’ll come after me next?”
"Alright," Dean said with a reassuring smile, wrapping an arm around her shoulders to drag her out of the room. They told Alex where they were off to and then they made their way to the medical building. The whole way there, they shared stories about Kaia and Cas and by the time they arrived, Claire was actually laughing.
"Checkmate," Cas deadpanned, eyes traveling up from the board to meet Dean's. "I thought you were supposed to be good at this game," he added, a hint of playfulness in his tone. Charlie laughed from where she sat in the corner, watching them with an amused grin on her face.
"I think people call this. . . fun?" he answered, but Dean couldn't tell if he was being sarcastic or not. It was hard to read this guy. "Take off your outer layer," Cas told him, gesturing to Dean's jacket. Dean raised an eyebrow, his fingers gripping the edge of his jacket, hesitating. He felt sort of exposed right now, Cas telling him to strip while he actually considered doing everything the man told him to do. What was wrong with him? "Dean, just the jacket," Cas cleared, rolling his eyes.
When he returned to the living room, Sam was dividing up the blankets and pillows, making sure everyone had something. The days were scalding hot, but at night, the subtle breeze could be chilly. In the bunker, it didn't affect them much, but now they were well above ground. "Did everyone figure out which room they wanted?" Dean asked, picking his own blanket out of the pile before Sam could give it away.
Jo pulled away, grabbing the front of Dean’s shirt instead, pulling him inches away from her face as she glared at him. “If you know how he feels about you, there’s no reason you shouldn’t tell him you love him.” The fierce look in her eyes made Dean realize she was right, but it did nothing to ease his nerves.
, but the fear of John finding out was by far the scariest part of coming to terms with his feelings for Cas. “Okay,” Dean said, finally getting the word to leave his scratchy throat. “We’re coming.” He eased himself off the bed, averting his eyes from Cas because he knew he was being a dick, he just didn’t want to admit it. He followed Charlie into the other room, Cas’ heavy footsteps trailing behind.
Soon, the food was done and he brought it inside to set the table. He portioned out the rice between four plates, poured four cups of coffee and found some cups of creamer they had saved. He also gave everyone an energy bar, which was a luxury item he managed to find under the shelves at one of the grocery stores. Once everything was set up, he went to wake everyone. First, he woke Sam, sending him to the table. Then Jack, who was already up and staring at the wall, as if he couldn’t leave the room. Dean gave him an odd look, but sent him to the kitchen to eat with Sam. Finally, he knocked on the door to where Cas slept, waiting for a reply before opening the door.
Dean sighed, pushing himself away from the door frame with a wince. The adrenaline was wearing off and the pain was getting worse, but this was almost over. Dean just had to hold on for one more hour. "We have to find Bobby."
Dean started to object again, but the look on Cas' face stopped him. There was no getting him to back down this time, as usual. While Dean was incredibly happy that Cas was feeling better, he almost wished he had stayed unconscious long enough for Dean to end this fight. That way, Cas wouldn't want to get involved.
Kaia smiled softly, wiping her wet cheeks with the back of her hand. “I trust you,” she said, and then, “we all do.”
"Shut up, yes it is," Jo countered, narrowing her eyes at him. "If I'm going to piss off John Winchester by cancelling dinner, it better be because you're getting dicked down by your hot boyfriend!" Dean was incredibly scared that people were going to hear her, but he didn't see anyone walking around. It was still too early in the morning, thankfully.
“He’s after Charlie?” Sam demanded, jumping away from where he was leaning against the tree listening to Dean and Crowley talk. “We have to go!”
Dean shook his head, holding his hands up to show he had nothing. "I haven't checked the middle aisles, but it looks like this place was wiped out of anything useful. We'll have to keep looking for other places while we still have daylight."
Dean kept his clothes in Cas' room because he had the biggest closet, and also because Sam refused to let Dean in his room, so when they returned home for the night, Dean followed Cas down the hallway to his room to get his clothes for bed. Sam and Jack went straight to their rooms and closed their doors loudly behind them. Dean shut the door behind him as well, only out of instinct.
Dean pulled away long enough to smile up at the angel when their fingers interlocked on top of Cas' legs. "I've been thinking about this since yesterday," Dean mumbled, mouthing at the sensitive head of Cas' cock while Cas panted and moaned under his touch. "Before then, even," Dean continued, pausing to run his tongue along the hot skin of Cas' leaking cock. Cas gasped and tightened his fingers around Dean's. "You taste even better than I imagined," he said, closing his eyes as he wrapped his lips around Cas again, sinking farther down than before, until he could feel it in the back of his throat.
Dean's lungs burned the longer he ran, but nothing mattered more than getting to Cas, not even his own pain. He refused to slow down until he had Cas somewhere safe. Somewhere along the way, Sam had gotten separated from Dean. He may have called after him to slow down, to wait for him so he didn't get himself killed, but Dean couldn't hear anything but his own heart thumping hard against his ribcage.
Dean knew his father was involved, but making a deal with a demon? And the King of Hell at that. The John Winchester Dean knew would never,
"I know, Sammy. I know." For a few minutes, they sat in silence, staring at the disheveled pile of cards between them on the table. The game had been long forgotten at this point.
Cas casually leaned over Dean, the bare strip of skin on his stomach brushing past Dean's nose. "Tell me about your day?" Cas requested, seemingly innocent. Dean knew what he was doing, but he was fine with it. Maybe talking about Jack and Bobby and his friends would kill his boner enough to make it to dinner on time tonight.
Hours later, Dean woke with the worst throbbing in his head and an even worse throbbing in his arm. He blinked his eyes open, squinting at the sunlight shining through the window. It must have been around dinner time, considering the way the light fell outside. It looked to be later in the evening. Dean smacked his lips, his mouth dry as he tried to swallow. With a small sigh, he tried to sit up, only to realize his arm was in a makeshift sling, which Charlie must have slipped on him in his pain induced coma. He slowly looked over the room, hoping Cas was still there, but the chair next to his bed was empty. He heard shuffling from the other room and his heart fluttered at the possibility of it being Cas.
Today was different. When Dean woke up, there was no scratching at the doors. There were no sounds of bones crunching as the undead had their breakfast right outside where he slept. It was silent, for the first time in years. Dean sat up, rubbing his eyes as he looked around the dark room. The bunker didn’t have windows and the generators had stopped working a few years before, so the only light they ever got came from candles, which they burned only when they needed to in order to conserve their resources.
"These look like they'd fit," Cas observed, ignoring Dean's insult completely. Dean didn't even look at his, knowing there was no way in hell he'd be putting on a pair of dress pants. That was far from his idea of fun. Dean continued rummaging through the ties, admiring each one for their different designs and fabrics. He heard Cas walking up behind him, just as his eyes landed on a striped tie with different shades of blue. The same colors Cas had in his eyes. The colors Dean couldn't help but notice every time they ended up staring at one another, which happened way more than it should have. "Humor me, Dean," Cas was saying, his voice softer now that they were inches apart.
"Good," Bobby grunted, and just like that, his watery eyes were back to normal as the older man leaned back in his seat, resting one arm on the table, continuing to watch Dean like a concerned parent. "Just remember that, Dean. You can come to me about anything. John will never know about you and Cas, and if he finds out, I'll handle him."
"I didn't mean you had to change," he faltered, pushing back a nervous laugh. "I was just messing with you, man. Keep the shirt."
“Dean,” Cas moaned, burying his face in Dean’s neck as he came a few seconds after Dean, eventually collapsing on top of him with a content sigh. He slipped his hand out from between Dean and the mattress, running his other hand through Dean’s hair.
Eventually, Dean found a seat on a bench inside of the store Cas and Charlie were still looking through. Jo collapsed onto the seat next to him with a sigh, shaking her head as Charlie showed them a shirt with a pun on it. Dean snorted when she made Cas try it on. Of course, he didn’t understand the joke, but that only made it funnier.
"Dean," Charlie said, suddenly appearing a few inches in front of him. Dean had been a little zoned out, jumping when he realized she was talking to him. She smiled a little, grabbing his wrist to pull him into the room. "Let me check your injuries before you get back out there."
“Doesn’t sound like it!” Ellen called after him. Dean only offered a polite wave goodbye before they were out the door, on their way back to Jo and Charlie.
"Hey, dad," Dean greeted, standing up to greet him. "Sam and Jack are still asleep, but I can wake them," he added, remembering that John was giving them a tour today.
Dean nodded his head, too overwhelmed to form a coherent sentence right now. Cas leaned over top of him again, bracing his hand on the side of Dean’s head as his other hand continued working Dean open, still with just the one finger. Cas moved slowly and gently, finding different angles to make Dean whimper, until he finally added a second finger in beside the first. Dean moaned Cas’ name, reaching up to wrap his arms around Cas’ neck, pulling him down against Dean’s chest. Dean buried his face in Cas’ neck, leaving open mouthed kisses on his skin until Cas reluctantly pulled away. “Cas, please,” Dean groaned, not really knowing what he was asking for exactly. He just wanted more, to be closer.
"You do realize, once I've terminated the deal I have with your father, the protective spell around your neighborhood will fall, leaving everyone you care about vulnerable to the evil creatures lurking in those trees," he pointed out, a bored expression on his face like he didn't care whether those people lived or died. He was a demon, so of course he didn't care, Dean thought.
Dean almost backed down, folded under the pressure of his father yelling at him. He felt small, like John actually had a point. But then he realized Cas was gripping his knee under the table, reminding Dean of the time he had to put stitches in Cas' head. If you can't hold someone's hand to take away the pain, hold something else. That night, he grabbed Dean's leg to distract himself from the pain. Was that what Cas was doing now? Was he hurting, emotionally? The thought of living without Dean. . . did that hurt him?
“You’re worried about them, aren’t you?” Sam guessed, somehow always right. Even in the dark, Dean could just see that smug look on Sam's face. He'd never say the words 'I told you so' to Dean's face unless he wanted to get kicked in the shin, but his face said it for him.
“He made a deal, didn’t he?” Bobby finally spoke, surprisingly calm. Dean didn’t say anything, but Bobby could easily read it on his face. “That damn idjit, I knew something was going on. He never did tell me how he got that protection spell up around the neighborhood. He never lets me hunt with him. I knew. . . and I didn’t say anything.”
“You’re not intruding,” Dean cut him off, cursing himself for even considering this. They had rules for a reason, but somehow, this guy was causing Dean to break them without hesitation. “Sam’s right, it’s too dangerous. I’m not sending a kid out there. Jack, you take the guest room. Cas, you can sleep in my bed,” he said, without giving them a choice. He waited for them to object so he could tell them too bad, but they didn’t. Instead, Cas’ face just turned a bright red as he stumbled over something to say. Dean quickly realized his words and how it sounded like he wanted Cas to sleep with him. “I’ll be sleeping on Sam’s floor,” he explained quickly, his own face heating up again. “I’ve been keeping an eye on him since he’s been sick anyways. What’s one more night?”
After they cleaned up, they met Sam, Eileen, and Jack outside on the porch. Sam gave them a dirty look, but there was a hint of amusement behind his disgusted eyes. "I met the new guys," Sam said as they started walking down the block to the kitchen. "Charlie was already talking their ears off."
"Me too," Dean agreed, shifting his weight closer to Cas, like he too was laying down. Cas glanced at him to confirm, and sure enough, he was laying on his back, eyes closed as his chin was tilted up at the ceiling. Cas didn't really want him to leave, since he'd gotten so comfortable in his presence today. It had been the best day he'd had in awhile, actually, and it was because of Dean. So yeah, he almost asked Dean to stay the night, just so he could keep having a good day, but that would have been selfish. "You mind?" Dean asked suddenly, his voice low, almost a mumbled.
Crowley hesitated, as if actually considering it. His ever present smugness turned into a smirk. "Not without a little more incentive," he admitted. "Perhaps, another soul. Maybe. . . yours? Not now, but in a few years."
Luckily, Bobby was already home when they got to his house. Dean didn’t bother knocking, rather just announcing that he was there as soon as he stepped inside. Sam trailed behind on Dean’s heels, rolling his eyes at Dean’s forwardness. Dean never needed an invitation to Bobby’s before and it wasn’t any different now.
“He fought a werewolf last night and neglected to tell me until this morning,” Cas said, probably glaring at Dean, but Dean was too busy closing his eyes to push down the nausea. “His arm was injured again.”
She looked very unamused by his grinning and narrowed her eyes at him. "Aren't you a little old to be pursuing my sister?" she wondered, leaning against the doorframe casually. She looked him up and down, making Dean shift uncomfortably. "I mean, I know she's eighteen and all that, but that's still kind of creepy, don't you think?"
When they made it to the building, Cas and Dean stayed back while Jack met his friend at the door. Dean assumed that one was Krissy, since Claire and Kaia didn't work with Jack. Next to Jack and Krissy was a woman with dark brown hair and soft features. She waved at Sam, who just walked over to meet her without a word to Dean or Cas. Dean watched them talk, or sign really. Sam didn't know sign language, so he figured this girl, Eileen, had to be teaching him, which was pretty cool. Dean wanted to meet her, but he respected Sam's privacy, so he stayed next to Cas, probably standing a little too close.
Her eyes were red from crying and there was a certain amount of grief that couldn't be masked, but she still smiled at him anyways. "I'd like that," she agreed, nodding eagerly.
Dean grabbed Cas’ chin to tilt his head up, dabbing a wet towel on the wound to clean it. “Yeah, well, he’s okay,” Dean said, avoiding Cas’ eyes as he was in his
“I’ve been meaning to find you, actually,” John started, before Dean could work up the courage to call him out. “I want to have dinner tomorrow at Bobby’s place. You and Jo have been seeing each other long enough for it to be serious. I think it’s time we talk about it.”
Dean glanced at his shoulder, rolling it slowly to feel the soreness. “Yeah, tomorrow,” Dean said, keeping his voice level. John gave an approving hum as he smiled. Dean walked farther into the room, looking back at Charlie and Claire with a reassuring expression. “Charlie, why don’t you and Claire go keep Cas company?” he suggested, nodding his head towards the other room where Dean had left Cas, only after Cas promised not to come out and get between Dean and his father.
Dean kept reminding himself as he walked further into the trees looking for something to kill that he had someone waiting for him at home. Each time he heard a branch snap from a distance, or the wind rustling the leaves on the trees, a flash of panic washed over him. If his stupidity ended with him dead, Cas would be devastated. Dean didn’t want to do that to him, but he couldn’t help it. His anger towards John was eating away at him and he needed a release, before he accidentally took it out on someone he cared about, like Cas.
"I'm fine, Cas," Dean assured him, using his good arm to push the grabby hands away from his face. "I feel fine." He was still in a lot of pain, but he was able to cover it up well enough and he could lie about it if it made Cas feel better.
“You got hit pretty hard last night,” Dean defended himself, finally meeting Cas’ eyes before he did something stupid, like grab Cas’ hand, or worse. “I was just worried about you, that’s all.” That was the reason at first, until Dean noticed how beautiful he looked asleep in Dean’s bed, but he would never admit that out loud to anyone. To cover himself, he cleared his throat and got up from the bed, stepping a good distance away.
"You boys wait here," Jody announced, taking a step up onto the porch. "There's someone who will want to see you." She disappeared into the house, leaving the four of them standing out on the sidewalk under the watch of Ketch and Garth, one of which did not look intimidating at all. Dean ignored both of them in favor of turning towards his brother, giving Sam a "are you sure about this" kind of look. Sam shrugged, not really giving Dean the answer he was looking for. The longer they waited, the more anxious Dean grew. What if he just led them into some kind of trap? He shoved his hands in his pockets, ignoring Cas' judgmental looks, asking Dean what was wrong without any words.
Dean finished the last of his dinner, pushing his bowl away as he tried to take in all of this new information. “Well, no matter who’s doing this is, the zombies seem to be gone. That means the living are going to be coming out, along with the monsters. It’s still just as dangerous out there.”
"Come on, Cas, you know I hate the compliments," Dean mumbled, blushing as he hid his face against Cas' chest. "Can we go back to kissing?"
Cas shrugged. "Either is fine," he answered. Dean smiled, or more so grinned, as the pizza place picked up. Cas watched him, intrigued by this Dean Winchester, so different from the one he thought he knew. The one who bullied kids at school, who seemed to be as dense as rock, and who would never in a million years be standing in Cas' bedroom ordering them pizza on a Saturday night.
“Cas, don’t worry about it,” he answered, finally getting Cas to look at him again. He licked his dry lips, wishing he could see the blue in Cas’ eyes right now. He imagined how beautiful they’d look in this moment, right before their lips met. “You’ll remember this one,” Dean promised, his hand moving to cup the back of Cas’ neck to draw him in closer. Cas let out a shuddering breath right before their lips met, but he didn’t pull away. He melted into Dean’s touch, his hands relaxing against Dean’s chest for a moment before he slid them up over Dean’s shirt, tangling his fingers in Dean’s hair with a light tug. Dean groaned slightly from the unexpected sensation, giving Cas the opportunity to glide his tongue over Dean’s bottom lip slowly before delving into Dean’s own mouth. In that moment, everything felt like it would be okay. With Cas pretty much in Dean’s lap, licking into his mouth, his hands all over Dean. . . there was nothing better that Dean could think of. This was everything he’d been wanting for the past couple of months.
"I couldn't sleep," Cas answered simply, as if that explained it. It didn't. It made it ten times more confusing. Dean stared at the angel in disbelief, opening and closing his mouth multiple times as he searched for a response to that. "What?" Cas wondered, suddenly sitting up, putting his face even closer to Dean's. The blanket fell away from his shoulders, pooling around Castiel's waist, revealing Dean's old Led Zeppelin t-shirt he gave to Cas two months ago.
Dean dropped his bag on the floor near the bed, stepping out of his shoes to leave next to it. Cas watched him move around the room, looking at everything, studying Cas' life as it was plastered all over the walls and on the shelves. Pictures of him and his family, his siblings he hardly saw anymore, and his pretty much absent parents. There were drawings and paintings lying around on his desk. It was a hobby he didn't think he was all that great at, but he loved it. Dean seemed to like them too, because he picked them up and examined them closely with a smile on his lips the whole time. Cas felt like he should have been more nervous about Dean seeing all of his things, but he felt weirdly calm.
"We're not alone," Dean whispered, slowly pulling his hand away from Cas' face. He searched the store as far as he could see without moving from that spot, but saw nothing. He glanced at Cas, motioning with his eyes for him to follow as Dean started moving farther into the store. They made it as far as the dressing rooms in the farthest corner of the building, but they didn't find anything. "Alright, let's just get the hell out of here," Dean grumbled, his chest tight. He knew there was someone in this building, but they weren't coming out.
Cas looked like he wanted to accept Dean’s offer, but Dean could tell he wasn’t going to. He really thought he was intruding in Dean’s life, making it harder on him. “That sounds great, Dean, but I just-” he started, but a sound from outside put Dean on high alert, sending him across the room to shove a hand over Cas’ mouth, cutting him off abruptly. He held a finger to his lips before lowering his hand to his hip, finding his gun, right next to his machete. Whatever was out there, it couldn’t be good. It had been years since he'd been on a hunt, but killing zombies for years made him a pretty good shot.
“Cas, c’mon,” Dean whined, as Cas smirked against his shoulder, biting down hard enough to make Dean yelp and jerk back into Cas’ hand again. “Please, Cas, I want you to fuck me,” he begged.
Their conversation started innocently with Sam asking about Dean's arm and how it was healing. Dean answered without looking at his brother, assuring him it was fine and he'd be able to take the sling off in just a couple weeks. Sam only nodded, letting the silence settle between them again. The sound of cards slapping the table filled the air.
Jo glanced over at Charlie, and Kaia who had just entered the room after hearing all of the commotion. She seemed to understand what was going on, luckily, because they didn't have time to go into detail. "If you don't need me, I think I'll stay." She slipped her hand into Charlie's and Dean gave her a small nod with a genuine smile. He understood. "Be careful."
"No," Dean answered quickly, reassuringly even. "No," he repeated, softer this time. "And I promise not to bother you anymore, okay? I had no idea it caused anxiety attacks like this. I would never hurt you like that on purpose."
“She’s right,” Cas agreed. “Dean returns to work tomorrow, so he can stay with you while you’re past the wall. If you’re able to get away from the others, you can start searching for Kaia.” He was pretty good at coming up with plans, Dean observed. He was going to suggest something along those lines, but he didn’t want Claire to be as involved.
I have the end of this fic planned out, but at this rate, it's not going how I planned. So honestly, I have no idea how many chapters are left. If you want my guess, I'd say like 5 or 6, maybe? Anyways, thanks for reading!
Dean shrugged, which sent a sharp pain through his shoulder as he cringed, closing his eyes to take a deep breath. Sam didn't say anything, letting Dean breath through his pain. Eventually, Dean sighed, looking at Sam again, half expecting him to be looking somewhere else. "I care about him," Dean said quietly, not really sure what else to say. He couldn't tell Sam that it was much more than that. Cas was pretty much the only thing that made Dean truly happy anymore, or that made him feel something. Only, the thing it made him feel was painful, knowing he couldn't have what he wanted. Knowing John would never allow him to be happy that way. Even if Cas wanted him. . . it could never work. Besides, Cas deserved more than what Dean could give him.
