Corpses were a different thing altogether, as what was once a person became another object, which was part of the reason Moriarty’s system worked for him, for a given value of the term. It wasn’t the same solution as Mycroft’s because a body would continue to decay and rot, from a body to a rotting corpse to a skeleton to fragments.
His own arms went around the middle of Sherlock’s back and around his shoulders, one hand coming to rest at the nape of his neck, gripping it lightly and subconsciously beginning to knead gently in an attempt to further soothe and comfort the distraught dragon – who had buried his head back into John’s chest.
Again, he meant it. Well, the underlying meaning that John shouldn’t feel bad about it, certainly. It wasn’t fine that he was going to spend so much time with…but it
So, he kept quiet for the moment, giving the other the opportunity to say something else, either in defence or acknowledgement.
That said, I still feel bad for dragging my feet and dragging it on (this being yet another talking chapter). Sorry, I'll pick it up. :( And now I almost feel like I should apologise for continuously apologising.
The baritone voice rose at the last word. “It’s made you ill once, it hasn’t been tested in depth or for a long enough stretch of time for anything to be conclusive and – “
“What is it?” This time, it was Sherlock asking the question with an underlying but only slight impatience. It didn’t, however, imply eagerness to get it over with but interest in getting the information out in the open as soon as possible. Though John might be wrong on that score, of course.
“What’s a station got to do with a bear?” Sherlock asked, brows knitted in that special way he had when he was faced with something that he didn’t understand but which was understood by the world around him.
He grimaced at the thought, mainly because he knew it to be right. Sometimes the very worst thing you can have is a brain, because it always knows exactly where to poke and scratch and niggle. Exactly where and how best to expose you, to hurt you, should it wish to.
There was another pitiful noise, much quieter than the first and then a drawn-out yet almost inaudible sigh, as though peace had been found at last, despite all efforts.
It was only when they were well outside the house, down the street and away from prying eyes that might actually care about what they did, if only because it would make for something to tell, that John halted, disentangling their hands.
They weren’t. To him, yes, of course they were, but that wasn’t a valid reason, and no, he couldn’t think of a good reason beyond that. But if he was honest, with perhaps just a touch of rationalising thrown in, he could admit that, he couldn’t see Sherlock, even in the state he was now, incinerating people like that.
Sherlock, struggling in his mind with the situation and his nature, finally makes it to the pool, with all that that entails, which might be more than he bargained for, and John...John does his best to survive being caught between two geniuses.
The French man’s eyes flickered to John who did the same, without hesitation, though the mask was still fully in place. Almost automatically, in fact. Thankfully, the knife was not, by Sherlock’s estimation, visible to the Beta. That could prove potentially disastrous.
It was something that he could ask about later, though. If he needed to ask questions right now, it was better to concentrate on the practical rather than the self-deprecating.
Mycroft was waiting for them outside. Outside the car, too, not just outside the building. The car, which was somewhat larger, it seemed, than the ones John had come to associate with him, even over the relatively short time he’d known the older Holmes brother. Or maybe it was merely that it seemed larger precisely because Mycroft stood outside it, lending the scene more importance somehow and thereby enlarging the car.
After he had come of age, in dragon terms, and had been forced to deal, in some form or another, with all the more negative or complex, complicated aspects of the dragon, something which had rather overlapped with the more emotional and mental parts. The physical, too, but only as it related to –
With all the uncertainty of whether to go through with it or not, however, the time he’d wasted on that, he’d been left with only a very short time before the big day to get the last bits of it sorted and collect what he needed on those favours.
Perhaps he might even still have done something to that effect if Mycroft hadn’t prepared him as he had, and he’d been caught on the wrong foot, as it were, without a present for John, let alone one that was as significant as the padded dressing gown had been. Even if it wouldn’t have been that bad, he couldn’t quite imagine it would’ve gone well.
“Judging from the exhaustion exhibited in relation to the time needed to locate and extricate the person in question, the ability to gain any useful information from said doctor is slim, so no.”
Or rather, it’d been deliberately shielded. By someone who was capable of achieving it completely, the number of which ran to a surprisingly small number within the city.
The only mercy was that, as a performer, he was allowed to stay out back before it was his turn so as not to disrupt another’s performance by rising from the audience when it was almost time for him to go on, as it were. That gave him the perfect excuse to not come out and join his family when they arrived.
a couple or that John was incapable of handling things such as this on his own. If he needed it, he wasn’t as stupid as to have qualms about calling his bond mate.
However, sitting in the centre of the anger, untouched, there was also a kernel of relief and gratefulness that a teacher, who’d be better placed to get to the bottom of the issue, was checking up on John, to see whether something was seriously amiss.
He swallowed the rest of that intended sentence and swallowed hard. Not only would that be unnecessarily hurtful – not that necessarily hurtful was exactly acceptable, either – but it wasn’t even true.
With that, Sherlock closed the gap between them, pressing his lips to the blond’s softly. Not because he was hesitating this time but because he wanted to savour it, enjoy the softness and the slightly chapped areas of John’s lips.
“It doesn’t follow that you are comfortable with it, either,” John countered. “For someone with such a remarkable habit of disregarding other people’s personal space, you never really, properly touch them, do you?”
But he wanted to live like they had forever more. To banish all doubt, for John and himself both. If he didn’t do this, that doubt would always hang above him, and them by extension, and that might…well, even if it didn’t poison or otherwise taint the relation over time, it would drain Sherlock.
It was a mess, quite frankly, and one that he was immensely glad that he didn’t have to sort out on his own. If he had needed to do it on his own, in a world where he ever got out of the harem alone, then he was pretty sure, no, in fact, he was absolutely certain that he would never have been able to have her, through legal issues if nothing else.
, with no ulterior motive – and he still hadn’t run, either. Sherlock was still wrapping his mind around the concept that John genuinely considered him his friend. This was far –
To know that probably ought to be terrifying or at least horrible, that someone would do something like that, even without the involvement of a child in the proceeding, and to someone else, just about anyone else, it undoubtedly would’ve been.
Part of him felt bad for thinking of his friend like that, but it was a small part and was in any case drowned out by the knowledge that it was the dragon, not Sherlock, he was dealing with. Besides, he’d called him worse things when he’d been completely himself, hadn’t he?
Everything else faded around him until the world seemed to consist of ‘John’, his hand in his and the dragon in front.
The doorbell had rung, and his wife had gone to open it. As their little girl was sleeping in her room, he had continued to work in his office and thought he had heard voices that he recognised.
Oh. Embarrassment. Really? Of all things, this was what he found embarrassing? Sherlock had no boundaries; shame and embarrassment was something that happened to other people. Was it really embarrassment, then? Discomfort?
He got a sigh. “Never mind. Point is, you’re never touching someone if you don’t have to and it isn’t accidental.”
Silence stretched between them, heavy and uncomfortable. John wanted to move, to get out of there and not come back for a while. However, he recognised both why he wanted that and why that wasn’t the way to go.
As he could hear and feel the base feelings and desires throw themselves against their shackles around and ahead of him, some of them linked to the dragon by instincts and nature, he didn’t pause to revel in his escape. He would have to get through them too, push them away so they didn’t manage to drag him back into reach of the dragon.
It felt wrong, not to mention saccharine and hackneyed, to think that it was the confession that had made a difference, as there was no feasible reason for it to have done so. But perhaps the fact that he’d spoken longer had been the important point? It had focused something, perhaps given his friend some sort of tether, a metaphorical beacon to latch onto and follow back into his own body from where he seemed to be still stuck in some form of horrible limbo inside his own mind.
Sherlock wanted to escape, and he wanted to kill, so of course what he ended up doing was to release John briefly as he spun him around to put himself between the two, his own wings unfurling. They weren’t quite as large as they would be if he changed completely, but they were large enough and flexible, along with his body, to hopefully, block John from both the danger that Moriarty himself posed and the red dots of the weapons.
He hoped that the reference to home might show John that he still wanted him there and persuade him that he ought to think of 221B as home, still, regardless of what had happened here. It wasn’t a guarantee, far from it, but he was afraid if not downright terrified, that the doctor would want to be out of his sight, for good, as soon as he’d assuaged his professional concerns about Sherlock’s status.
Something wasn’t quite right with the expression on the brunet’s face. Yes, he could buy that he’d be shocked, maybe even a little aghast that he’d put himself out there like that, whether he’d meant it or not. To be downright horrified, however, seemed just a little too strong a reaction for it, or at least, not quite the right one for Sherlock to have.
Daring to turn his head, John was surprised to see Mycroft standing rather closer to the bed than John would’ve thought. Not only that, he seemed somewhat recovered from his ‘episode’. He didn’t sport any wyvern appendages nor was there a phantom shape, whole or partial, of dragon behind him and yet, there was no question that it was the dragon that was at the forefront.
Through a combination of John carefully explaining that they were going to pick up their daughter – letting the officer draw their own conclusions after carefully framing it – but more importantly, that they might want to run it through the x-ray first, they were able to keep the poor bear from being gutted.
Perhaps that applied to dragons, too. Even if, unlike the compound nature of ‘werewolf’, the name ‘dragon’ only applied to the shape traditionally associated with it, that didn’t entail that they were only dragons in nature when they shared the shape.
“Well, he told me some of it, mostly related to what was going on with you at the time. But yeah, some essentials, too, I suppose. But what did he tell you, precisely? That’s the more important point.”
I'm sorry it's taken a month and a half to get this out. Hopefully it was worth the wait but if it wasn't then I'm sorry. I am trying and at least we're getting somewhere...I think.
Just like the brunet had done the other way, more times than the blond could count, even at this relatively early point.
But that left a sliver of opportunity for Moriarty to have visited while he had been…otherwise occupied.
That ought to have been easy, considering his normal iron grip on everything, but somehow, he found that they wouldn’t be so easily reined back in.
About time that John returned that, then, in more than one way. Not exactly meet him measure for measure, but in the ways that would have meaning for Sherlock.
John stared at him for only a fraction longer before he nodded. Keeping an eye on the older dragon just to be on the safe side, relatively speaking, he carefully opened the glass box. Then he paused, something occurring to him.
He lowered his voice as he turned around, muttering it aloud for his own benefit. “Then again, you do whatever you want regardless of my presence, consent, or objections, so why do I bother?”
Sherlock had looked into the bag along with John and now his eyes were trained on Mycroft. That was not what caught the blond’s attention and surprised him. That honour belonged to the widened eyes and the slight but unmistakable shine to the eyes.
But…that was something, though, too, wasn’t it? If it had been anybody else in the situation, Sherlock would’ve said that they were frightened or downright terrified of that happening, and it would be understandable. It would.
The glimpse might even be entirely on purpose, to lure John in and make him do something stupid, one way or the other. It wasn’t unreasonable to assume that John would, after all, much as he didn’t like to admit it.
“No,” Sherlock interrupted. He said it with emphasis as he shook his head again. “It has nothing to do with me.”
“I – what?” Immediately, the distrust and wariness slammed back up into defence. Why would he ask that? Why would that be the first thing he said other than John’s name? Was it just another ploy to claim him?
The brunet’s brow knitted strongly. He let out a small noise, almost like the keen from before, but much softer and more lost, somehow. Then he blinked rapidly a few times and when he stopped…
John couldn’t help it; he laughed, the expression on the other’s face not what he was expecting. Well, that and the Alpha was just incredibly cute when he was puzzled enough that his nose scrunched up.
The life he’d worked to build after being honourably discharged and the life he’d hoped to have in the future, both of those had been ripped apart by Moriarty being bored and thus ‘playing’, with no discernible sign that they could ever be mended. How could that fail to make him angry?
He didn’t want to play this game. If Moriarty wanted to spend time taunting him like this, John was going to get some proper answers out of him.
He stopped the gathering rant when John, who’d gone up on his toes a little to reach, pressed his nose against not the bond bite but another sensitive spot on the jaw, nuzzling it lightly.
So, now instead he stood, bound in Semtex and rope, like some sort of explosion expert’s sexual Houdini fantasy, waiting for Sherlock to notice him. Which he didn’t know whether he wanted to happen or not, because on the one hand, he had no idea what’d happen after that and on the other, he didn’t want Sherlock to walk into something he wasn’t prepared for.
Instead, he stretched and tried to pass it off as stretching after sitting in the same position for too long.
He thought he saw the brown eyes, no longer rum-coloured but so dark brown it was as good as black, flicker towards him, flashing as they did so, but then they turned down to Tessa again.
Perhaps,” John interrupted, trying not to be sharp but to nevertheless get through. “Perhaps I do, but that’s not the point right now.”
While Sherlock checked up on that, John focused on writing down anything and everything he could recall about the harem owners, as requested by Mycroft.
Not that it mattered. Late or early, before or after the performance, Mycroft would find a way to get his jabs in, making sure that they hit straight and true in the way only a sibling can truly master. That said, there was no reason to give him the opportunity more than once.
It wasn’t a case of waiting him out, to keep on pretending until he wore him down and got his prize at the end of it. He knew the friendship was on borrowed time, too, and there was no reason to spoil what time he did have with him with ridiculous longing. That he’d fallen for John was nobody’s problem but his own.
“Well, then…this normally comes next, I believe,” John said and closed the small distance between them.
The piece came to an end and he lowered his instrument, slowly, keeping eye contact. He didn’t say anything and neither did John.
When John marched back into the living room, their first-aid plus kit box under one arm and a bottle in the other, Sherlock was still in his coat but had tried to accommodate the doctor, or show willing, by pushing it off the shoulders as much as he could for the wings and the pain.
Something which she dearly loved, judging by its slightly squashed appearance, a small tear patched with a length of ribbon and patches of discolouring from where it had lain against skin repeatedly.
“No,” he conceded. “Not just in you. But his intention was to provoke a reaction, first and foremost if not exclusively in you.”
“Yes, that’s Sherlock, he’s my bond mate. Long story, I’ll tell you all about it later. I…you can understand me?” he asked, for verification.
He didn’t get a text back, neither the next morning nor the following few days. A deeply childishly petty part of him wanted to crow at being proved right but it was an infinitesimal part of him, comparatively speaking.
“Sherlock, I had to tell you who the man on the telly was yesterday when we watched some crime drama, and that was bloody well Morse!”
“True,” John conceded. He didn’t step back, though. “I’m not denying that you have, nor that it’s hurt but you’re not doing that now, are you? And you’ve clung to me like I’m the only thing that kept you tethered, even when you were deeply unconscious.”
“Do not interrupt me. That wasn’t what I was implying, and it certainly wasn’t what I meant, either. It has nothing to do with my previous sexual experiences or what you seem to think is the lack thereof.” Sherlock glared at him as he spoke.
Sherlock did reach out and grab John’s hand, however. At the same time John reached for his and when he caught it, Sherlock had to stifle a small grimace as his hand was squeezed hard.
of it, did it? “Properly, too – threatened to force me to stay for the Easter holiday and tell my parents I still smoke.”
“Come now. You can grant me a little bit of leeway in that regard.” Mycroft smiled from his seat behind his desk and lo and behold, it seemed to even have the ring of genuineness. It must be something in the water. “Do sit down, by the way.”
There was something there. Even if it wasn’t much, it was more than nothing. Yes, he’d been more than happy to have the keen and the shudder subside but at the same time, this eerie quiet was just as worrying.
The words didn’t make it past his lips and instead curled on his tongue like the ashes on a cigarette inhaled after a ten-hour flight.
Didn’t matter. Not now. What mattered was bringing the dragon down, metaphorically and literally, or, given where he was, somewhere in between the two.
“No, he…” He got a pair of raised eyebrows for his trouble. “Okay, so maybe he was but there’s nothing special in being amused by novelty.” Particularly not when that novelty almost unquestionably was tied into, if not wholly contained in, the fact that he existed in some sort of Heat-limbo and had done ever since he was shot.
The question was…comprised of several smaller questions, actually. Why do this, exactly? Would John want to? If he did, would he want to do it now? Would it be going too fast? For John, not for him, but still. What was the best way to go about it? Was there a risk that he could muck it up somehow and what should he do to prevent that?
It was getting to be late, as in past midnight late, and it was only Thursday, which meant that someone as dutiful as John wouldn’t stay up long past what was deemed acceptable by parents and other grown-ups to still be capable of getting up and going to school the next day.
John had to shift at that, hoping nothing would be visible in his weathered jeans, snug only around his waist.
His hand found his stomach almost automatically, rubbing gently at it as if to assure his other two that they were just as appreciated and loved.
As he’d suspected, John found himself slipping back towards sleep but faster than he would’ve thought. So, when Sherlock started to ask something in turn, John only caught a part of it, and what he heard made him somewhat wish that he’d heard the rest and the answer.
But that left the question of why he hadn’t spotted the dust earlier when he’d examined it. Of course, the light in the living room wasn’t exactly ideal for examinations in the dark of late night, but on the other hand, he’d done a lot of examinations in less than ideal circumstances over the years, a lack of proper light oughtn’t make that much of a difference.
John blinked at the outburst, then frowned, puzzled and just a little bit wary. Which, while not something Sherlock could blame him for, wasn’t something that he liked to see, either. Even less so when it was something he was to blame for and that he’d even predicted himself.
Pushing the hand closer to his chest, he went on, “Had you gone straight into the explanation, then it would’ve only exacerbated that action, that sense of fear and going in mental circles of increasing destruction. Like this, however, it…”
“John, no. Please.” He took a step back and saw, though there was still a wariness if not downright fear in John’s eyes, for which he really couldn’t be blamed, the face of the blond fall just a little. Sherlock’s heart sank in response.
Ordinarily, John would probably be annoyed at the way Mycroft turned it around on him like the most frustrating two-bit psychiatrist. The blond should know, he’d been to see one, hadn’t he? Right now, however, he was barely registering it. Or perhaps he was just more receptive to what he was hearing behind the words.
But while he must see the same thing as Sherlock, there was no reaction. None at all, it seemed, for even though they were close enough for the Alpha to be able to scent his partner, however faint it was to others, there was no recognisable spike or other change in it.
To add insult to injury, his parents and his brother had decided to come early and watch most of the performances, too.
After what seemed like a long time, John finally spoke. “This ties into you suddenly rolling off me earlier, doesn’t it? You wouldn’t believe such studies unless they correlated with and corroborated knowledge you were already in possession of, but whether that knowledge was self-derived, as it were, that’s another matter.”
Where John was dragged off to was not where he’d expected to go, if he’d expected anywhere at all, really. Mostly because he couldn’t imagine Sherlock having much interest in spending time in such places, thinking them boring, which, to be honest, they were.
The evidence he was automatically picking up wasn’t much help in piecing together what had happened, other than the Alpha had been spewing out enough scent to entice a nunnery but it had a particular deeper note that only appeared when the intention was to intimidate and dominate, and that he’d stayed in one place for almost the entirety of his stay, right where Sherlock was now.
Nevertheless, it seemed the midwife had things perfectly under control and knew what she was seeing as she moved the rod up, down, sideway, and diagonally. The erroneous thought that next would be the L of a knight flittered across John’s mind.
They were important to deal with before you left the hospital, that didn’t stop you from reconnecting with him. Quite passionately so.
Shifting his hand to the forehead, he felt for a fever. Nothing. Then he checked the pulse as he’d done before. It was faster than it ought to be for his state, but it was steady. Except…there. A few extra beats that shouldn’t be there.
Oh, and the bear, as if anyone cares, I thought of as a Charlie Bears bear. They are the loveliest things but they're expensive as...so I thought it'd fit for Mycroft.
He grabbed one of the hands holding onto him. “Not to mention actually trusting in yourself, of course, on more than an intellectual level. Now come on, I’m starving. I’ll make us some food, if we’ve got any left. You can shave while I do so – or stay in the kitchen, if that’s what you’d prefer,” he added, remembering the unease about leaving him out of his sight.
Sherlock made sure he had eye contact before he pointed out, “Moriarty is a madman and he wants you dead.”
“They were nowhere near as fast as yours. The ones of an Omega protecting its young from whatever threat it might face.”
He paused, uncertain. Should he tell him? It was probably pathetic and would only serve to lower him in John’s estimation. The smart thing was just to brush it off and pretend like it hadn’t happened.
Eventually, the shaking petered out, slow and almost painful. However, Sherlock still didn’t raise his head, which was…well, not precisely odd but worrying.
Not that he would object, quite the opposite. It wasn’t as though he hadn’t had time to consider it in the time they’d lived together, and not just because everyone kept assuming that they were already shagging, and he couldn’t deny that the thoughts he’d had about his flatmate previously hadn’t all been very platonic, or platonic at all.
What mattered was whether any of them had gone through and had hit John. They shouldn’t have, by his calculation, but he wasn’t a hundred percent sure, not as it stood, and he couldn’t spare the movement to check thoroughly.
He loved his Omega to the edge of the galaxy itself and back but that did not mean he had to agree with everything that he did, and he most certainly didn’t agree with this. How could he when he saw the look on her face? When he could scent her distress as clearly as if it had been his own?
Another pause before she asked, even more quietly but simultaneously more earnestly, if he was her mother. If the reason he smelled like that, like herself, like home, was because he was hers.
John held up a hand. “We’re not having that conversation again. Can we – would it help to sleep together? As in, share a bed that we both sleep in. For tonight, anyway. Work it out in the morning.”
“No. Well, yeah. In a sense. Honestly, though, what worries me is that there could be cracks in the plan. Not that the plan doesn’t work…no, that’s not right. That does very much scare me as I have no idea what we’ll do if it doesn’t work, but the thought that we believe we’ve got it right, think the danger is past, and everything can proceed as before and then there’s this one thing we haven’t accounted for and it…” He trailed off.
Any potential risk ought to be avoided or minimised at this point. They couldn’t afford to get it wrong and therefore to take chances.
Even though they hadn’t been together long, to put it mildly, he knew that with absolute certainty, and it had nothing to do with their scent bond.
“Fair point, I suppose.” John sighed and rubbed his stomach, absentmindedly. It was beginning to properly round in a way that Sherlock had to admit he found very pleasing. Almost surprisingly so. That was, he didn’t find it surprising to find it pleasing but the degree to which he found It appealing did astonish him a little.
John’s eyes narrowed in disbelief. “Okay, so this is point where you tell me there’s something special about this bone dust in particular. Because otherwise, it sounds just a tiny bit too random for Moriarty, not to mention it should not cause a meltdown for him. Pain, yes, possible infection, yes – though there was no indication of infection when I cleaned them.”
Now, opening the paper, John was glad that he had. Some things were smudged a little and he didn’t think anyone else would understand but it was legible for him and that was all that mattered.
Not that John seemed to mind his obvious inexperience, if the small intake of breath he had when they connected and the fact that he was kissing back was any indication. Just the fact that he was kissing him back felt huge, even if he had been the one to instigate the first one.
Her head cocked again, her bottom lip pushing forward in contemplation and puzzlement and her little forehead drawing together.
All the way through that, they behaved calmly and, for John’s part, apparently unaffected. As soon as they were outside, though, Sherlock pulled his bond mate close and gave him a kiss, a long one, ignoring the fact that they were out in public.
He tried not to extrapolate from that – there was no tenseness in the shoulders, at least none that couldn’t be explained by the general tiredness and exertion the doctor had put himself through in the last few weeks, and as far as he could see, with the way his head was angled, there was no tightness in his expression, just some exhaustion, which was to be expected – but wasn’t entirely sure he succeeded.
Though he evidently wanted to give a different answer, he answered her that yes, it did. If she picked one, then she couldn’t have the other. Not now and not later, either. This choice was definitive and ultimate.
That was Mycroft. He hadn’t mentioned anything that the Omega didn’t already know but that didn’t stop it from being reassuring, which was undoubtedly the point.
“But I haven’t got it right. I’ve wasted time and effort checking on useless things that I should’ve been able to – I had it all prepared in my head and then it goes all ‘poof’ when I need to use it.”
What happened after that was a different matter but whatever it’d turn out to be, they would deal with it. Together.
The brunet gave a small shrug. “I don’t know. It just came to me out of the blue. Or pink, as the case may be.”
To say that that hadn’t been the case here was an understatement on the scale of calling Moriarty ‘a bit strange’ or even ‘not quite right’.
The melody continued to play as John stared at the box, his grip on Sherlock’s fingers tightening gradually even as his hand trembled, his throat working and his eyes got progressively shinier, though that might in part still be the snowflakes made of light twinkling all around them in the set-up Sherlock’s contact had created.
“You mad bastard,” John said, and Sherlock’s heart skipped a beat or more than that, not unpleasantly, like a stone skipping across water, at the tone and expression on his face. “What are you playing at?”
Something about hearing Mycroft utter the word ‘carnal’, fitting for the man’s vocabulary as it was, made the doctor’s insides shudder hard. Not quite as bad as the first time he’d heard Harry discuss her sex life in detail, of course, but still…
It was loosened yet simultaneously tightened by the next words. “It would be the height of foolishness to put yourself down merely because the issues you face might superficially resemble the problems of fusspots.”
he would be surprised at this. Anger would be understandable, as being denied something he wanted would be pulling at both the instincts instilled by his secondary gender and the man himself apart from the instincts.
With a bit of viciousness to make sure of it, he shoved it back as far as he could, mentally stamping on it for good measure.
The point was, John was used to rubbing along and make the best of things, no matter how much rubbing that entailed. Sherlock, on the other hand, wasn’t used to sharing his home with anyone, much less someone he was romantically involved with. It meant that there were things he didn’t think about or consider in the context of two people, of course, but the instances of that was actually surprisingly few.
He didn’t go so far as to hold her out as though she was some sort of doll that they’d promised they’d share equally, and it was more than John’s turn. In a sense, there was some truth there, but that was the end of it, and should be, too.
Further down, then further again he went, the walls resembling more natural cave walls than anything constructed now. The more primal feelings and urges were down here, along with the memories they had birthed, all chained and barred but still present, unable to be completely scrubbed from his ‘hard drive’.
It sounded as though there ought to be admiration in that voice and that there might’ve been, once. Now, though, it was overshadowed and almost subsumed by the disdain and enmity he felt for the other Alpha, two feelings that were more pronounced than they had been when they’d encountered him in the harem mansion.
Couldn’t Sherlock have stuck with Mycroft, though? The sibling sniping was at least only metaphorical.
he thought, trying not to think about any possible long-term damage something like this might inflict
“Some might. Especially,” and Sherlock straightened up so he could give the surrounding area a seemingly innocuous onceover, though John knew it to be anything but, “given that the harem had its of operations in this area for some time.”
Luckily, the two times it had happened had been when he’d been alone, i.e. not in class, and he hadn’t been caught while out. He knew that he hadn’t because if he had, he would’ve had to endure far more nasty remarks than he was subjected to now.
It is much easier to be pleasant and agreeable, or play at being it, as the case may be – for whatever Moriarty ever did, ever was, it was only ever play pretend, except in those flashes where the reality and its horror bled through – on a short-term basis than it is to be that it is to keep it up day in and day out or even just for extended periods of time.
A realisation hit him, then, and hit him rather hard. He tried not to let it show, though, as he tugged at the hand of his Omega, first so he could plant a kiss at his temple and then lead him out of the room for some breakfast.
This, however? There was not swaddling them in cotton and wool and then there was pushing them into the horror.
Since they’d gone to have the ultrasound, there hadn’t been much of a break for him, either, which would’ve kept that waiting alarm ticking.
Neither of those were of any interest to the consulting detective, however, so again, it didn’t work. What on earth would they both be doing that could be dangerous enough for Mycroft to, presumably, demand that his brother should stop?
No, she was attempting to get a whiff of their scents, without being spotted, having noticed something about them, about John, that unsettled or at least worried her, enough to risk doing that.
There was some, admittedly small, part of him that listened for someone to make a comment along the lines of ‘you ought to have thought of that before all of this was set in motion’. It didn’t have to be Mycroft, but it’d probably be more likely to be.
He’d gotten a smile from John at that time, a grin in fact, but that could as well just have been out of gratefulness for dealing with them, not anything to do with Sherlock’s prowess.
Clenching everything he had for the briefest of moments, Sherlock firmly, almost harshly, reminded himself that he couldn’t afford these kinds of doubts right now. He didn’t doubt John and he wasn’t going to believe Moriarty, even if he did have a few facts.
Nothing. He waited a few minutes, with an ear on the door, in the increasingly unlikely event the prefect decided to return.
Unless, of course, they were entirely analogue, in which case they seemed to be the job for a curly-haired matchstick of a man to retrieve.
To get the stupid possibility out of the way first, he checked his wrist. No, it wasn’t there. He hadn’t expected it to be, but he’d have taken stupid and convenient in a heartbeat.
“Fairy tales are purely stories meant to teach life lessons to the uneducated.” Sherlock moved closer to him. “I don’t blame you because I know that was what you had to do in order to survive, and even if it wasn’t, I still wouldn’t. Blame and judgement are utterly useless endeavours, at the best of times.”
John could fight with his bare fists if he needed to and a gun if he needed to as well, but even if he didn’t need it for combat, there was every likelihood that he was going to need it for something much more practical, such as cutting through something.
Now it was John’s turn to snap. He forced himself calm. Calmer, at least. “I…thank you for trying to be mindful of me but prolonging it isn’t actually helpful. What have you
He had to know what kind of rumours that could potentially start and yet…he wasn’t letting go of it, either, just continued to hold on as they moved.
“But I guess that’s the right of the bright young things, isn’t it? Bye now. Take care. Enjoy the coffee or whatever it’s supposed to be.” The smile he flashed was warm, slightly insincere and more dangerous than he would’ve ever guessed it to be if he was asked about it.
On its own, that might just possibly have been overlooked as a character trait, even if it seemed more than a little odd.
Sherlock smiled and while it wasn’t the slightly grotesque parody it had been when he’d been in the clutches of his dragon side, it was still unsettling in its completely lack of mirth.
Even though Sherlock was in this as much as John was, through and through – which was just another reason that he couldn’t think of having allowed any other Alpha to bite and bond him, another among a myriad – he’d not hurried John at any point or otherwise acted impatient.
with him, was something that he honestly hadn’t seen coming, something which, quite frankly, floored him.
He debated with himself whether he ought to just leave and let Mycroft handle things. He’d know what to do, in a way that John couldn’t.
Granted, he was probably more prepared than John ever would’ve been, but even so, this wasn’t within anyone’s frame of reference. Or maybe it was, and it was just John who wasn’t used to dealing with a kidnap situation that involved an actual sodding dragon. Maybe that was what they got up to every other Wednesday in Whitehall.
Hopefully, they would still all be where they were safe from the harem owners – their new homes, with freedom and prospects for a new and better life, couldn’t happen until the owners had been dealt with, hopefully legally but at least effectively.
Even a short distance away, he ought to be able to hear it far more clearly than he was. In fact, with at the very least the screech earlier, it had been loud enough that someone should’ve heard and reacted to it.
Sherlock shook his head, internal pride waving a banner high at John remembering the study, which he had indeed looked at, his reasoning based on it, and not least, his ability to immediately link to the scent bond.
Was that significant? In a human he’d say so but in a dragon? How would he know? Was it even different depending on what appearance they had?
What he had done, despite all the limitations and obstacles he’d faced, had saved her, and the rest of the harem residents, in the short-term and hopefully in the long-term as well, and the fact that it might not be enough did not make it his failure.
Besides, it wasn’t as though he had anything much left to believe in, was it? And it certainly wasn’t as though he had many other options, either.
They lead the way, which wasn’t even a jump and a skip. Once there, the staff member leaned over and plucked an item before they turned back to him.
“Yes, because if he hadn’t, we’d have either been liable to get shot at again or found out by whoever arrived first, the nosy neighbourhood residents or the police. Do you fancy either of them finding your brother like this? Furthermore, it keeps getting lighter outside, which means the chance of getting him out of here without somebody noticing is getting progressively slimmer.”
Of course, it was easy enough to guess at who the payments came from, but the important point in that case, well the
Thankfully, it didn’t take long before Sherlock blinked and seemed to return to the here and now, if not necessarily entirely reality.
Instead of answering verbally, Mycroft dug into an inner pocket, not in his coat or jacket but his waistcoat. Out came what looked like several small lumps of metal in a small translucent box. Metal quite distinctive in its colour.
Secondly and more subtly, he realised that this was the first time Sherlock had used an endearment. It had been a little hesitant and uncertain, but it was most definitely there. He had heard it; he was sure he had.
Sappy as it may sound, he wanted to make their first time together into something at least a good experience, as the concept of ‘perfect’ was best off as a concept stuck in romantic movies, and he was rather certain that if they tried to now, earlier would be knocking on their minds relentlessly.
There would be time for such gestures later. Should all go right and as intended, as hoped for, then there would be plenty of time for such gestures and many more things beside. But only if they focused. There was not only Sherlock himself to account for in this particular equation, but the threat of Moriarty.
Eventually, they pulled away. John was the first to do so but Sherlock followed his lead, looking at the other. The expression on his face from before hadn’t entirely dissipated but it had certainly become a backseat one. In front was a worried but patient expression, together with the earlier caring.
The plan for what they were to do instead was formulated quickly. Instead of going to Whitehall, they would go visit the elder Holmes in his home. As there was a social engagement that Mycroft was expected to attend that evening, with no way of ducking out of it without rousing speculations, more than was the grist the mill always ran on, they would have to postpone it until the following evening.
Then he could react however he wanted to because Sherlock could, and would, have hidden himself away somewhere, either in their bedroom, John’s room or possibly down in 221C. He wouldn’t leave the building, of course, even though he’d want to, but he wouldn’t be there to see the other’s face.
For all that Sherlock and John knew just what kind of a man Moriarty was, Tessa regarded him positively. Uncle Jim, she’d called him, after all. Should he come snarling at the smaller Alpha, then, or otherwise behaved outright antagonistically, which his instincts shouted at him to do – in point of fact, they practically screamed at him to lash out and tear the other’s throat out with his bare hands for daring to hurt his family like that – it would likely traumatise the poor child.
Allowed him to wrest just enough control back to get a firm grip on the foot. It tried to rise, to swipe at him but he held fast.
Regardless of whether there were justifications to be found for his actions or not, or that of the dragon’s, there was no excuse for the actions it had taken or tried to take. No excuse for its behaviour or the way it thought not even that it was nothing but a beast. Which didn’t fly in any case.
John stiffened a little further at that but didn’t otherwise react, keeping the same stance as before.
Just as important, that rope had an end. An end which Sherlock held in his hand, wound tight around it. Making sure that it wasn’t escaping his grasp.
He had to swallow again and take a deep breath to keep his gaze on the other. How could this still feel so very vulnerable and soul-baring, even when he had already got the result he’d hoped for? When he was supposed to be safe and dry, as it were.
If only he’d admit it. No, wait, that wouldn’t actually make it better, but it’d certainly be more like Sherlock, bold as brass and uncaring in his admittance of his trespass. Not that he’d see it as a trespass, like as not, come to think of it.
“No, idiot,” he said, and there was a strong note of fondness in there. “I meant that the reason we’d sleep in the same bed tonight wouldn’t be entirely the same reason we will later. Both in the literal sense and the more metaphorical one. Only if you’re comfortable with the latter, of course.”
Would a fairy tale wolf be better or at least easier to handle? But that was a horrible story whichever way you looked at it and at least the dragon he got for his ‘fairy tale’ was…no, that didn’t really work, because the wolf clearly had a brain so you could reason with it, and Sherlock had been in a state where talking it out with him wasn’t really an option.
“No, not like – John, I really am sorry. I only…meant that…I…” Why couldn’t he formulate what he was trying to say? He concentrated, determined to regain his focus. “I would never…you would be…and I’d…I promise…this is…why does this…aargh!”
Hesitating for only a moment, he pushed his fingers through the thick mass of curls, much like Mycroft had done earlier and for much the same reasons. Unlike when the elder Holmes had done it, though, Sherlock moved at the contact, pushing into the hand. Not much, not like he might have done in…in different circumstances. If those would ever have arisen, of course, which he’d always doubted and now…well, those doubts hadn’t exactly diminished. Rather the opposite, really.
However, that wasn’t to say there wasn’t anything wrong at all. He hadn’t taken notice of it earlier – he wished he could blame the lighting in the room – or maybe it had only just developed but there was something of a pallor to his skin beyond the normal paleness.
“It’s not that big a leap, that maybe you’re so used to not being touched that it’s now something you prefer,” John snapped back.
Despite that, Sherlock could see that Tessa had picked up on something being amiss. She looked from one to the other with an expression that was…apprehensive as well as scared and wary.
He hesitated, then continued when it seemed that John was still listening, the flame of hope in his chest strengthening a little.
“From what I’ve heard, he’s no pushover at all. You should’ve heard the bollocking he gave some guys when he came to present the idea of this whole thing.”
“I’ll get the notes from the doctor on her,” the Alpha promised as he nosed into the blond hair, inhaling deeply a few times. “But you need some rest.”
He wasn’t going to think about that, and besides, he was going to make sure that in that ‘race’, it would be him that won. That John would never,
Now that he had her within his grasp, metaphorically and literally, had confirmed for himself not only that it was indeed Tessa, his daughter, whatever name she otherwise had, but that she recognised him in turn, he was just going to, to
He wholeheartedly agreed but frozen as he was, he didn’t manage it in time before John pulled away again.
The pale eyes – still their blue-green-brown kaleidoscope with no hint of old ice in them – began to close and Sherlock’s head dropped back to the crook of John’s neck. Whatever tension was left in the body, which frankly wasn’t much, drained out of it as the breaths quite quickly deepened and even to a point where it was clear he was genuinely asleep.
“Yes, and no. Though I don’t know exactly which studies you’ve found, I can make an educated guess on at least one of them, since it’s been the leading study since before I finished med school, and we were expected to read it. That looked at the chemical reactions, including hormonal, that occurs when an Alpha is put through the wringer that is a pregnant partner, isolating which ones occurred in different groups, including bonded versus non-bonded and an Omega or Beta partner, and correlating those findings with the instinctual behaviour, linking particular behaviours with specific concentrations of this or that chemical.”
After a few minutes of ineffectual methods, the prefect gave up. Not before delivering one last cliché, however.
Sherlock was looking at him now rather than the finger but, when the blond quickly glanced down at the digit again, it was still the same amount that had been shifted and was kept shifted.
I am so, so sorry I've left it this long. I know it's not the first time but I wanted to be better and quicker about it. But my dog died of a tumour in his spleen and I went to pieces, quite frankly, so...I'm impressed I've written anything, honestly.
There was something else in those eyes, too, however. Something changed but at the distance, John didn’t register it. Or maybe he did and didn’t know what it signified.
alright, but not…I haven’t…” The brunet made a face, partly because it was true, and cast about for a better way of explaining it. “It is merely that…it’s not as though I don’t understand that getting into another argument is one of the last things we want, and I am trying to prevent that.” He paused, frowning. “That and I believe you to be right. Obviously.”
The protest could probably have come from either. In this instance, it came from both, almost simultaneously.
John didn’t mention it, either, turning instead to the other Holmes, who was leaning slightly on the ever-present umbrella.
Before they’d got together, he would’ve had nothing but scorn for the significance of such milestones. It was a day, nothing more. Just like Christmas or Easter, like Valentine’s or like birthdays, all they did was mark out another year in which the people involved had managed to eke out something like a life, as a person, as a couple or as a family. It was a marker that you’d got through it from the last time you’d had to endure it and very little else.
Even considering he’d let himself be seen by someone outside his web this time, there was nothing to suggest it hadn’t been calculated or at least taken into some kind of account by him, too. For all John knew, they could still be playing into the man’s plans by struggling or going against it.
“Will you…” Sherlock paused a moment, took the hand he already held in both of his, cradling it as he brought it up between them. “Will you allow me to provide for you? Not forever, obviously, but as long as is needed, I’d…I want to provide for my family. Will you allow me that?”
They met at the same place as they’d gone the first time, since although it wasn’t the best place for music, it was nicely secluded.
“You’re trying to get revenge for all the long explanations I’ve put you through in the time we’ve known each other, aren’t you?”
It wasn’t disgusted or revolted. Not angry or annoyed. It wasn’t even pitying or sympathetic in the way one would bestow on a lesser being.
Somehow, he managed to shuffle even closer, Sherlock’s long legs automatically moving further aside to accommodate John’s movement. It ought to feel odd, really, to sit like that, close, the two of them, especially with the blond’s hands still resting against his cheeks and no indication that he was about to remove them. In a way, it did, too, but mostly, it just felt…right. As it had before.
“We won’t be bypassing things entirely.” Sherlock moved over to stand beside John as he spoke. He held a large messenger bag open as he did so, the implication clear. “This isn’t an illegal move, John. If it was, we could’ve been off much sooner.”
A sound came from her lips, small and weak but John heard it, nevertheless. It was, after all, his name.
This wasn’t because he was afraid of the self-important twit, quite the reverse. He’d more than once slapped the boy – who was half a year older than Sherlock and a prefect, a job he had weaselled himself into and took pleasure in as only such people can, but still looked as though he’d just started secondary –  down, verbally if not physically, and had done so both skilfully and, if he said so himself, almost elegantly.
Sherlock took all this in quietly. He didn’t protest or even try to argue the point. John was right. Like with quite a few other things, whether he was an expert on them or not, he managed to get it almost scarily on the money.
“I don’t think it is. Yeah, I’m still wary, I won’t deny that, and not just because I know you can tell I am, but that will pass.”
I know it's not the longest of chapters but it's not short, either, even if it does end like it does. It still isn't exactly easy to write. Not for me, at least, which perhaps goes to show...But it's here and it's something and I hope it was worth the wait and a fitting outcome, as it were. If not...I tried.
I love writing John standing his ground like this, gotta say, hope it came off alright, same as with Sherlock's uncertainties.
To be absolutely sure there are no weak links through which the dragon can creep in, Sherlock once more dives into his Mind Palace. What he finds there might not be what he expects nor what he is ready for.
So, what he did was pick up the bag or two that had been left on the ground with his free hand. Then he tugged the other away from the small side plaza they had been dropped off at.
The wood finally splintered all the way, making it rather unequivocal that it was indeed the door that had been hit rather than the wardrobe, especially when the remains of said door fell down and landed on the floor with quite the audible thud.
Sherlock shook his head and there was an inhalation as though he was going to argue but John continued speaking to prevent him.
Perhaps he should’ve discussed it with John. If the circumstances had been different, he actually felt sure he would have so they could plan something together. For what he had in mind, though, he needed to keep John in the dark, at least about one particular thing.
Something inside of him stopped that impulse. Perhaps it was the same part of himself he was arguing with.
“Always,” he murmured as he pulled back. “And to answer your question in a relatively concise manner, Tessa will not have been the only child who has found a new life in these parts –”
Then he looked back up, sharply; John had started to play his guitar, leaned up against the wall as he bent over it, concentrating. It was…it had to be the song they were meant to play together.
In reality, of course, Mycroft would’ve likely smiled and been happy to see the development in his brother. On the inside, of course. There was no need to divulge such things
When they were lined up so that Sherlock would hit the bed when he fell and not the frame or the bedside table, he nudged at the body, trying to make it topple gently onto the mattress.
“Was that a favourite of yours?” John repeated. He stepped closer, the frown that wrinkled his brow and the set to his mouth indicating that he wasn’t taking the piss or failing to understand the situation.  Still, though, it seemed a strange comment. “The mug, I mean. It’d be a blow, that.”
The trouble was that there’d been no sign of Moriarty since John and Sherlock’s run-in with him, not from anywhere, and he would still have to tread carefully. He wouldn’t give up, of course he wouldn’t, but neither was he going to jeopardise things by rushing them or not thinking them through.
Sherlock made it to the laptop before John did. The light from the computer illuminated his face and reflected in his eyes as he fiddled around and then opened John’s email.
No, that didn’t quite feel…it was probably a part of it, possibly even a large part but it wasn’t all of it.
Still, though, it was quite bad enough, and Sherlock’s hackles rose instantly the moment he smelled it. More than that, and far stronger than that, thankfully, did his protective instincts and concern for John’s wellbeing. They still weren’t conducive to keeping a clear and rational mind, of course, but at least the clouded judgment came from a much healthier place, then.
In contrast to Sherlock, though, that fact didn’t seem to entail that the dragon was in the driving seat. The eyes, though evidently reptilian, seemed somehow still the eyes that John was familiar with.
Sherlock lifted his eyebrows a little at that. “I think we might need to update you on a few things,” he said.
John had flushed, embarrassed at having his financial situation and his attempts to deal with them laid out like that, and out in public, too.
There didn’t seem to be anything to indicate it, as far as he could tell with his eyes and the one hand that he had free. The other was trapped beneath the weight of one consulting detective who’d apparently decided that mattresses weren’t for him and that John was much better to lie on.
He’d actually said that. There wasn’t even any doubt in Sherlock’s mind that he had. As soon as it had dawned in his mind, as a proper memory rather than an odd, cracked fragment that was wholly disconnected from anything, he knew it with stone-cold certainty.
Ah. So that was a raw nerve for the other, was it? But why would he –? Moriarty famously, or infamously as the case may be, didn’t care about the consent of other people, not when he wanted to play or otherwise alleviate his boredom. Then again, he didn’t care about other people at all, normally, as his exploits and other actions could more than attest to, and yet he…
The eyes were the iceberg green-tinted white that he’d seen before, with the corresponding slit pupils. The difference between the first time and now was that they weren’t flashing to that state and then returning to their pale multicoloured roundness, which John had always found fascinating. This time, even though the horns were shrinking and so seemed the wings to be, they stayed that way, the pupils almost nothing but the thinnest black line as they stared at him.
He had to admit, he was more than a little impressed. Not only with the case as a whole, though that was unquestionably a large part, but with the fact that he had managed to remain undetected while building his net, that particular metaphor quite wrong in the circumstances.
But why add a question mark at the last sentence? Why sound as though he was uncertain whether they would? They were obligated to be there, they’d practised for just that. He knew Sherlock had to be there, whether he wanted to or not, if he didn’t want information leaked to his parents.
Even so, this was a group of parents and miscellaneous family members who were subjected to a variety of performances of varying quality, purely out of a dedication to their own offspring – and that it was considered bad form to walk out after their child had performed. They were never going to be the most genuinely enthusiastic audience, to put it mildly.
“No, that’s fine,” John said with a smile. “Go on home. Sherlock and I can look after her until your colleague arrives to relieve you.”
More specifically, he was looking at John, and the smirk scuttling around his lips like a bug was unmistakable.
“No? You don’t think so? Did you realise, then, the exact reason you fell unconscious in the first place? Because it wasn’t just you who were feeling exhausted or anything. It wasn’t he ruddy bullets that did it. Well, technically, it was, but that was…well, Moriarty had meddled further than that.”
The white-green eyes seemed to glint in satisfaction. Well, that was good, wasn’t it? That he was pleasing –
That was not a reaction normal children had. It was definitely one they never ought to have. Even he knew that. Afraid they’d done wrong, yes, that was quite normal, as was the expectations of punishment.
“Because I believe in you. I trust you, not despite everything that’s happened but because you’re you and what else we’ve been through. Because I don’t want to see you scared of being near me while at the same time not being able to stand not having me near. Because it would give you confirmation that you are not a slave to your dragon side.”
Of course, the parents might also be more willing to listen if it wasn’t their girl they were talking about; that they weren’t being asked to hand over the kid they’d raised for the last few years, and that was another can of worms to have to consider and deal with, somehow.
“Or maybe it is. I don’t know, I just don’t want to judge them as bad parents purely because it makes me feel better about what we’re doing. We’re about to do.”
Once he’d been trussed up, Moriarty had looked at him, head tilted in seeming contemplation for just a moment before he’d snapped his fingers. A gag, one made for the purpose rather than a makeshift one, had been forced between his lips despite his best efforts to avoid it.
He would tell himself that as many times as he needed, to make sure that he didn’t forget. Never mind the fact that his memory was what it was, it could still happen, if he somehow stopped deeming it important enough to remember, for instance.
They laid him on his back when they made it into Sherlock’s bedroom. John wasn’t entirely happy with that at first, but he checked to make sure that he could breathe and wasn’t putting pressure on any wounds. There didn’t seem to be.
Another shake of the head, though with a different meaning. “Of course, it is.” Some fierceness there, which was encouraging, if nothing else.
“Mmh?” The hum of an answer was warm and unhurried, as though John was willing to hear anything that Sherlock had to say, would listen to it with equal patience whatever it was but would also be more than okay with there never being anything else said.
Which wasn’t just immensely heart-warming, it held true to what the Alpha had promised him the day they’d come home to 221B, even if it wasn’t directly tied to the puzzle of where his daughter was.
The fact that he was still genuinely exhausted, though not as much as John, was undoubtedly a factor as to why it was easier for it to pull him in, pull him under, than he would’ve expected it to be, even given the circumstances.
of what he was genuinely feeling because John’s face softened a little at that. The wariness and the anger were still present but there was also, now, some warmth there.
Oh, they might be represented by something or other associated with the feeling or situation in question – he had sneered at himself the first time he’d realised that but at the same time, it was hard to deny that it was an effective method – that looked entirely mundane and concrete. A proper piece of furniture or object, even. But their felt size was something else, something entirely its own and not necessarily any relation to that which represented them.
The object was evidently to intimidate but the doctor wasn’t going to play ball. Whatever was going on in his head, his face outwardly betrayed nothing as he looked back at the intruder calmly, unthreatened.
As he had turned away from the living room, he failed to see the expression that flitted across the brunet’s face at that, brief but intense. Nor did he notice Mycroft’s answering expression or that he moved forward to place a meaningful hand on Sherlock’s shoulder. One which wasn’t immediately shrugged off and the subsequent whispered comment wasn’t sneered at.
What he got as a reaction, however, wasn’t anything remotely disapproving. Instead, it was a small but sincere smile. More than that, it was an encouraging one, and John moved his own hand up to lay on top of Sherlock’s.
The Alpha glared at him but did eventually pull back. He also backed away till he almost reached the door. There he turned, holding up a hand in a casual farewell gesture, as though he’d dropped in on an old friend for a moment.
“Probably. Likely there’s been a hundred and three different clues that you would’ve spotted in an instant that I haven’t so much as noticed.”
Today was no exception. In fact, it was more pronounced than usual, because he could hear them all the way up the stairs, or at least their voices. Usually it was one or the other – though mostly it was Sherlock, unless he was sulking – but it was almost never them both.
All the while, he could hear Moriarty come slowly closer, the gait nonchalantly, deliberately sauntering, like someone stalking their prey while they had all the time in the world to do so.
“One would’ve thought Sherlock had put more effort into the training of his little pet but then again,” he continued, then his voice suddenly dropped to a hissing growl, “he never did take very good care of his possessions, did he?”
That simple action, apparently small and irrelevant though it appeared, jolted something inside of him, felt all the way down to where he was now, words whispered speeding along with it, intertwining with.
How could something so gentle, so lovingly said and so very earnest punch John in the gut more effectively than almost any physical injury he’d ever sustained?
“John, I – “The somewhat unfocused eyes blinked again a few times, in rapid succession, and thereby regained some focus.
He knew he was pleading, begging for his friend to still be in there somewhere and for him to hear him, to snap out of it and not do this. Possibly, there was a school of thought that said that he ought to try harder, fight more to get out, but he was fighting as hard as he possibly could, with all the mobility that he could conceivably gain in his current position. There was no shame in employing other methods, too, and quite frankly, when it came to saving his own neck, he wasn’t going to let what other might think dictate how he behaved.
Sherlock’s silence was apparently taken as acquiescence, as there was another, deeper, more confident-sounding chuckle. One which the consulting detective would have felt running down his spine earlier. Now, however, he mostly felt…nothing, quite honestly, which inwardly surprised him, at least a little.
Sherlock didn’t believe that. He knew that he could stop it and what was more, he was going to. Now. Here. Once and for all. Not so that they would have no need of the watch or the courtship but so that nothing would or could interfere with it.
Whatever the truth of the matter, John still clutched the soft toy to him as though he had been reunited with his own long-lost precious childhood toy.
Sherlock wakes and sees John. And the watch. That he took. Gave back. Did he? Is it still his? Why does John have it if it is and why is he holding it out to him?
That it was a fluke hurt to think of, for some reason. Part of him, a logical part and admittedly quite a large part, knew it for the reality that it was. That sometimes the concatenation of events did fall out strangely enough that to look at it afterwards, you struggled to believe that it wasn’t designed that way, and that even the most important events in your life could be down to such a concatenation.
Telling himself he’d deal with it when, and if, it ever occurred, only helped somewhat. It certainly didn’t entirely dispel the lump in the pit of his stomach nor shut up the worries.
Of course. A tilt of the head to bring the face resting on his clavicle into a clearer view confirmed what he’d already sussed; he was in Sherlock’s room and he had his flatmate sleeping on him. Without…any clothes on, it seemed.
Then suddenly, his eyes went wide, and his expression turned blank, oddly, almost worryingly fast as he looked away. Not hard but enough that he wasn’t looking directly at Sherlock’s face.
He didn’t say anything, just looked at John as though he was contemplating what to do, his eyes still the same amber colouring of the dragon shape.
When he did notice something was off, it jolted him out of his Mind Palace, where he’d been examining some piece of information relevant to the case, hard, the realisation coming through from his body rather than his mind but no less strong or insistent for that.
Also, there was a part that was entirely focused on the fact that John had taken his hand. To pull at him, yes, but nevertheless, he’d taken his hand. He could as well just have continued his hold on the arm. With the strength he had, it wouldn’t be much of an issue, really, but no, that wasn’t what he’d done. Instead, he’d grabbed his hand. Willingly. In front of representatives from both their schools.
“Well, now that you do know and have seen for yourself that I haven’t been whisked away to the netherworld or a brothel, would you kindly move your lard arse and piss off?!”
It was not something that he usually employed, that wyvern gift of unusually good hearing. In fact, he made a point of ignoring any points that he might pick up on through it when he was on a case, preferring to rely on his mental faculties rather than a coincidence of birth. Right now, however, he would employ any possible trick he knew.
“Point,” ‘John’ conceded. “Or rather, it would be one if you had chosen just about any other time than this to emerge and take Sherlock over. Why be content to wait for this long – and we’re not counting John in this, he’s a convenient catalyst – and only resurface when the overall mind was out of commission?”
It’d be roughly twenty minutes by tube but that would be, if he was caught before he reached his destination, be an enclosed space where potential fire outbursts would prove far more detrimental than in the open air. By foot, though, he’d estimate that a run would take him there in twenty-five to thirty-five minutes.
No, this wasn’t going to happen. It wasn’t going to drag him in and take control of him, ever again. He wasn’t alone in this, neither in reality nor in his mind. This wasn’t the dragon’s domain, for all that it was his foundation. This was his mind, his person, nobody else’s, and he would control it.
That said, it was also just the tiniest bit kind and perhaps even sweet. There was no way he was going to admit to that and especially not out loud.
It still took a little while to get rid of that feeling, even knowing that, and by the time he did, they had left the town behind.
Focusing back on said Omega, he noticed that though the blond was standing straight and was apparently calmly waiting for his response, there was a small but tell-tale tension in his body and the scent coming off him had just the smallest whiff of worry to it.
When this was over…the moment they had come home and had made Tessa as settled as she possibly could be, given the circumstances, he would go see them all.
He could be wrong, of course, but he knew somehow that he wouldn’t be. That wouldn’t be the way the chips landed. Not for him, not at this junction.
One part was that he’d tapped into some of what he’d used as a keeper. Not entirely the same but the mindset was there and could be utilised.
about those days and while no, John didn’t expect Sherlock to suddenly remember each and every birthday or other day of note, he had hoped that he would at least acknowledge their milestone.
Multi-coloured eyes turned to him, though they still seemed to see absolutely nothing. Then they blinked, hard, once, twice.
“Here. You shouldn’t be here!” The words came out in a shouted rush, as though they’d tumbled their way out by force.
“Yes, I was,” the doctor said, a little tightly, interrupting him yet again. “You’re right. I was and I am, still, in a sense. Not so much worried as I refuse to be one in this relationship, whatever shape it’s going to take, but especially concerning sex in any shape or form.”
Sherlock is slapped in the face with John's sudden action and that he doesn't hear from him again doesn't help his mental state. Instead of investigating, Sherlock tries to protect his broken heart and retreats.
“What, you can’t tell from the fingerprint he left on the door as he opened it?” John asked. It was probably meant to come out teasingly, a little joke at the expense of Sherlock’s deductions but a good-natured one. It did, in a sense, but it came out shaky at the same time, which belied that he wasn’t entirely over being affected by the situation. For which he couldn’t be blamed, obviously, especially not with whatever else had occurred in the last few days…and further back than that, too, come to that.
Figuring out who they were as well? For a moment, it seemed an uncertain thing just what ‘Tessa’ and ‘Sherlock’ entailed. Then it clicked, for the most part, and he raised his head the rest of the way to take a better look around him. At the same time, he pulled her in further, just in case.
They were barely out of the door when he’d come up to them, saying that he’d paged the doctor in question while they’d been in there and he was now on his way to meet them, with a copy of the file in tow.
you that,” Sherlock pointed out, though for some reason, his smile only widened. “As you rightly say, you’ve deduced it, or Mycroft has supplied you with the information. That’s not the same thing. So, on that score we are relatively even.”
Pale eyes darted to John on the backseat, looking all over his face as though searching for one tiny little thing that would hold the key to the rest. Which might not be far off, either, really.
“What did Mycroft really want, then? Because I don’t believe for a moment that giving an admittedly very sweet and thoughtful gift would be important enough for him to do. Not in person.”
That in mind, he wasn’t too surprised to find himself addressed next. What did surprise him was that the tone was far more civil even if it hadn’t lost its snap entirely. Nor did the fire in the eyes abate.
“Do you? Do you really?” John said, turning his head just enough to glare at the other. “And what are you going to do with that knowledge? Apologise? Better your behaviour? No, you won’t. You’ll just carry on as normal and expect me to get over it eventually.”
“Please don’t try to deduce it.” There was a fervour to John’s voice at that which cut something inside the consulting detective thinly but deeply.
The last sentence was hissed and was delivered straight into John’s ear. He instinctively tried to pull away, which was helped by the hands still enveloping his face assisting him but halted when he remembered that he was still very much covered in explosives.
A dress that possibly ought to have been left behind, but which they had brought along on the off chance that it would help them scent for certain whether the girl they’d found was the right one.
Was he always this sensitive there? He wouldn’t have thought so, with the hardness of the scales and the utilitarian nature of the appendage, thus rendering the number of nerve endings needed in the area small. Tails or throats, or to some even horns, were usually deemed the more sensitive parts, with corresponding number of nerve endings, apart from the obvious, and yet…there was no denying that it felt sensitive now, and he couldn’t help another, slightly stronger shiver.
“Shut up about what I am and am not,” John snapped, the command in his voice matching if not outdoing that of the dragon. “I’m the doctor. You’re the patient.”
“I do hope you don’t think it intrusive,” the government official said, sounding equally genuine as a smile kissed his lips briefly.
Functional for normal people, perhaps, which was far below par for Sherlock, but still, it was quite the leap in his current state, and he would gladly take it.
Thank you to those brilliant and wonderful people who have been kind enough to give this some feedback, especially the comments <3 You have...made sure you got a third chapter and end.
“Glad to hear it,” was what he said out loud. “Now, I don’t mean to be rude or ungrateful or anything, but what do you want?”
If only there hadn’t been this many who’d decided to sign up and be part of it, then it would’ve been over a whole lot faster, and he could get out of there.
So, John really shouldn’t have been surprised when he heard footsteps on the stairs up to his room shortly after he’d gotten up there himself and closed the door, hard.
He was glad that this seemed to have broken the tension somewhat, for whatever reason, but he still didn’t understand it.
Nobody and nothing to disturb him in his Mind Palace. Behind his glass walls, staring out, not feeling a thing.
“John,” he said once more. Then he blinked again, and his eyes returned almost fully to the shape and colour John knew. “Please don’t leave.”
Tessa, though…it wasn’t what he’d have expected, but at the same time, it made sense as the sort of name John would pick. Short, sweet, easy to call, not too singular or posh-sounding, yet not quite run-of-the-mill, either.
“If it wasn’t Moriarty or his thug of an Alpha lackey, then who was it?” John asked after a moment of silence had passed.
The way it was said, quiet and calm, dispassionately in a way that seemed learned rather than natural, sent something down Sherlock’s spine, as sharp and straight as a thrown spear and as utterly chilling as a shard of ice off a cave in the Antarctic.
When he resurfaced, he noticed he’d grabbed hold of shoulders that ought to be bony but wasn’t entirely, his fingers digging in. Furthermore, he had pale eyes staring at him in an upside-down face.
A sigh, one that was slightly pained and a good deal more resigned. “He’s probably, no, undoubtedly going to bring it up even if I don’t when we find him. Not that there’s much, if anything, important about what I do remember.”
At the same time, he could see the other man relax a little. Swallowing the lie, though that also meant he was more nervous at the thought of child trafficking, even if he tried to play it off as though it didn’t matter to him.
If John wasn’t tense before, he certainly was now. “Who? The Alpha from before? He must’ve moved fast, then – “
“I can smell something that smells a lot like them, yes, but that’s not definitive, Sherlock. You cannot use residual scent trails as evidence, not on their own.”
Had he ever touched John gently like that? John had difficulty recalling but he wouldn’t have thought so.
“Playing you because of the difference in intelligence?” He got another grimace from John at the comment but also a nod. “No. That is, they will, but that’s because they’re dragons, not because they’re more intelligent than your average person.”
John hadn’t expected the speed but managed to get the rest of the way over to the window before the dragon was out of the kitchen. He hadn’t opened it before, worried that the smells coming from the opened window would tip the other off on what he intended to do.
When they reached the edge of the small town, John asked whether they had time for walking the entire way but didn’t make mention of the time they’d already spent on other things.
“I never would. I promise,” he said, trying for as much earnestness as he could, because it was true, and he needed to be sure that John believed him on that score. It was imperative. “I love you. I should have said before this, I know – “
The teacher, Mrs. Gainsborough, looked at him but didn’t comment. She never did, her will as strong as a bendy straw.
Once satisfied he’d located all injuries and assessed them in turn, he passed on to the next wing, giving it an equal amount of attention and care. However, he didn’t speak out loud during the examination, keeping whatever observations he made to himself, and Sherlock didn’t quite trust his voice right then, either.
Nobody else had been in the flat since they’d come home, except John and the two Holmes brothers, though, of that the blond was certain.
Wait, what? It was only a stupid conversation, one that was meant to establish when and where they would meet to practise, that was it. There wasn’t supposed to be more to it than that, so why was he suddenly so anxious for it not to end?
“Compared to the rest of the things I’ve had to deal with in the last, oh, I don’t know, let’s call it seventy-two hours – “
“Any particular reason that name rather than a million others, you mean? No, not really…nothing interesting, anyway. No skeletons in the closet or anything. Just a name that I liked.”
who was instinctively driven to collect and hold onto something like that no matter what? Regardless of how illogical it was or how detrimental to someone he clearly cared very deeply about, even if he was – they both were, to be honest, and John wouldn’t have thought either cared much prior to all this – normally rubbish at showing it, he couldn’t prevent himself from doing it, you could tell from the look in his eyes.
He hadn’t touched the kettle since it’d finished boiling but his desire for a cuppa had suddenly disappeared. Closing his eyes briefly, he inhaled deeply to calm down a little. He wanted to extricate himself from the situation before he did or said something it would be too hard to take back or move past. The way he felt right now, he might believe that could happen.
point, was that there was somebody at the other end. Someone who might not have thought to cover their tracks in this instance, as the likelihood of John checking up on who paid him, should he ever leave the harem. Or at least, not cover them as well, leaving a frail but concrete thread back to whoever of them acted as bursar, which could then be used either as evidence or some sort of leverage.
It should’ve been the same for Michel and his wife, or at least they oughtn’t have been much worse off for having taken her from an orphanage like that. She hadn’t been very old when it had happened, after all.
That he might lose his control of them regardless was another matter, and part of the reason he was terrified.
He thought of asking but then decided against it. It didn’t matter and it was surprisingly nice to see the genius twat be happy about something that wasn’t laid out under a microscope or involved two dead bodies with one head between them.
No. He forced them back down again. It wasn’t. If he was mentally there enough to employ a tactic like that, he’d be there enough to realise that he already had him. That there was no real escape left to him, not on his own, so there was no reason for him to say that.
Part of the reason he focused on that was also that he didn’t know how he ought to respond to her reaction. What the right answer to it was.
Once in the kitchen, Sherlock flopped down onto a chair. He looked…almost despondent which was somehow just as off and unsettling as the possessiveness and the anger he’d displayed when the dragon had been in control.
There was Tessa to look after. Tessa who would need him. She would need him greatly, when there were no one else. Her…other father wouldn’t be in a fit state to care for her.
“Hello, Johnnie boy,” Moriarty said, low but cheerful, his attention fully on the Omega. “Long time no see. Did you miss me?”
Something lurked in its depths, however, and it seemed, at least to John, that it wasn’t merely the underlying danger of a man with an intellect apparently matching Sherlock, who’d funnelled his energy and staving off boredom into something decidedly more sinister than what his friend and flatmate got up to.
Yes, so he’d had some of it explained to him and had understood it by way of his own professional lens, but this was still a little bit different. That had been understanding it after the fact, as it were, while this was seeing it as it happened and formulating an understanding by his own means.
Considering that, it was neither too surprising that he had slipped into a practical, soldier-like mode at the rescue nor that he hadn’t been able to keep it in place all the time.
He got a raised eyebrow from Sherlock at that and it clicked. “Ah. He wanted the experience of Omega-hood rather than purely the outcome, and the appeal is gone as an Alpha. That’s…sweet. Odd and a little mindboggling, to be honest, but definitely sweet.”
It really was amazing how much such a simple action could elicit inside him. Not that it could at all but how strong the feelings were, the love that had come tumbling into his heart without so much as a by-your-leave and had settled in easily and expansively.
Recognised it as one of his own demons. The ones he’d thought under lock and key down in the basement, the ones which had clawed at him on his way up out of his mind.
That they all were, wherever they were scattered – it was a vow he’d made to himself that when this was over, hopefully successfully, he was going to check up on not just Ruby, who he was getting regular updates on, but Ben, too, and all the rest in turn, individually – and that there would be no further repercussions. For any of them.
It didn’t matter. He could be as soppily sentimental as Molly and right now, he couldn’t have cared less. Not when it came to John.
“Won’t you introduce us, Sherlock?” Mycroft said, voice carefully welcoming. He flashed an insincere smile.
It wasn’t exactly as though harem members were taken on day trips and tours of the region that they were kept in, wherever that region might be. Mortar and bricks weren’t anywhere near as glamorous, but they functioned as a gilded cage just as well.
I still cannot thank all of you enough for your feedback. It makes a tremendous difference and means a lot!
What had been a little unexpected to experience while they were there, though perhaps that was rather unfair of him, was the pride Sherlock had been practically radiating the entire visit. Not the kind typically associated with Alpha, domineering and possessive, showing the thing that was theirs off as one would an expensive car or a prized watch. The purer, almost child-like giddy pride of having something they consider the best thing in the world that they get to show to others and share with them.
The thought came as he looked down in his ‘hands’ and noticed that for all its solid appearance, it was quite…not exactly porous but soft and malleable and it was coming away in his hand.
He closed the book he’d been attempting to read to escape his own head for a bit for the sixth time. The words just weren’t sinking in, never mind him becoming absorbed in what was on the page. He tried again.
With a sigh, the blond shifted for a firmer grip, grateful that at least the wings were limp now, too, and didn’t hit him in the head or similar. However, they did make steps more difficult.
He certainly couldn’t deny that there had been something of a possessive flavour to the interactions between Moriarty and Sherlock, and he was starting to suspect that there was more to it than the aspect of children squabbling over a toy.
Who would call? Sarah? Shit, he didn’t – no, he hadn’t missed a shift, he knew that, provided he hadn’t sleep for several days, which his continued tiredness would strongly suggest he hadn’t. Would she still call him? He wasn’t entirely sure.
Sherlock shrugged. “Where do you ever pick things up? Probably some movie or crime thing on TV.” He honestly couldn’t remember, having more than likely deleted it at some point, but he wasn’t going to admit that, now was he?
He shot up from his seat, the laptop clacking shut as it landed on its corner on the floor, luck more than anything keeping it intact. Then he began to pace.
Then again, Sherlock had been happy to walk around in nothing himself and for John to do the same, draping him in his blue dressing gown when he’d seen the Omega shiver.
The shoulder relaxed at that. It didn’t sag or relax completely but some tension did go out of it at that.
For one thing, a trick of the light couldn’t explain that the part that had grown had transformed in more than size. That while there stood a medium-height, relatively normal-looking Irish madman in an overly expensive suit in front of him, in front and above and around him lay a…
It's still not a long chapter, I know. These chapters are hard for me to write, though, and draining, so it's the best I can do. Apologies.
The transformation was oddly slow; the index finger gradually began to bulk up at the same time as scales began to cover it one at a time, the copper colour made clear against the paleness of the rest of the hand. Meanwhile, the nail blackened and seemed to thicken, too, into something resembling almost a carapace but one made of keratin rather than chitin. Then it stretched into the length and curve that John remembered and for a moment, he had to suppress a hard shiver.
“You were the one who pointed out her biological heritage, brother dear, not me,” Mycroft pointed out in turn.
“But it does happen, and quite often, at that.” He saw the other nod, without caveats. “Good. I didn’t do that this time, that is true, but my brain…it was more than ready to start right back up where it’d left off, dragon or not. That I’m remotely calm and rational like this, that is your doing. Your presence, your approach.”
Moriarty wasn’t a big man, at least physically, but somehow, without changing in stature or girth, he seemed to slowly but surely grow and take up more and more of the room until he practically filled it all.
It wasn’t helped when the ashen-blond boy gave him another of those warm smiles and held out a hand in greeting.
He didn’t say it out loud, however. The endeavour would be rather futile, as it always was when he tried to argue with his flatmate over such things.
John was going to be the support for his partner, his bond mate, whenever he needed it and for as long as he needed it.
“That was not what I was going to say nor what I felt. Please don’t put words in my mouth.” He paused for a moment, then added, with the smallest of smiles that was more of a lip curl than anything, “Besides, that would be pot and kettle, wouldn’t it?”
How could he make sure he wasn’t like Moriarty if he didn’t just nip things in the bud but cut it down very ruthlessly?
To just nod and say something along the lines of ‘me, too’, however, would feel trite and not encompass what he wanted to say. Kissing was an option, but it ran the risk of seeming like another copout. Neither was it an option he was particularly keen on doing, not as purely a response.
“ – I’ll say this as many times as it seems you need to hear it. I am not going anywhere unless I have no other option and even then, it’s probably going to be a toss-up.”
The fingers digging in suddenly had some very sharp nails on them, and John knew that well-maintained nails was part of the ‘professional’ look his friend strived to achieve. Which didn’t include anything approaching claw-like conditions.
John searches fervently for the watch but ultimately might need a little clarification. On several things.
But how? To say what he had thought precious about their time together would sound as though he was purely echoing John, parroting him to say the right thing. In other words, it wouldn’t sound genuine at all.
For something like this, he needed to know. To be sure. If he weren’t sure or he got it wrong, somehow, then –
As soon as he picked it up, there was no doubt that it was a dress, the white bits being the hem, the bias binding on the sleeves and the little Peter Pan collar. One designed for a little girl in the age range of three to four. Which was just about the right age, wasn’t it?
He could feel the Omega tense up beside him as Moriarty looked at him. However, it was only a little bit, which was quite impressive, really.
John himself, for crying out loud. Not that he was a negative, mind, but he was not as predictable as you would expect him to be. Sherlock was better at it than most, he knew, but even he had been taken unawares by him, more than once, at that.
He was sure he’d been thinking about something, something important about the man beneath him, but thoughts started to become frayed and frizzled at the same rate as his body relaxed until they were as good as impossible to assemble into more than a fleeting spark before they fizzled back out into the mushy fog the rest of his brain was sinking into, frighteningly fast.
He froze, blue eyes staring at the timepiece in front of him before flickering up to meet pale eyes. For a long moment, he didn’t say anything or try to take it. He just continued to stare at the other.
“Shall we go see if there’s another cake somewhere? Leave the grownups to their games?” he asked, his tone as eerily sincere and pleasant as it had been when he’d played with her earlier. “Then we can play another game, just like you wanted to.”
“There is no need to apologise, Doctor Watson. If anyone isn’t being helpful or forthcoming, it’s me.”
“That’s quite enough of that, thank you!” For just a split second, Sherlock sounded as primly snippy as some sort of governess.
“Who says it’s over just because you ejaculate?” he asked. That said, he removed his hand, too. If they were going to have the argument, he wasn’t going to be a berk and try to sway him that way. “That only gives me better time to explore your body while you recover. If you want me to.”
It wasn’t as though he was afraid to confront or disturb them. Of course, he wasn’t. He just wasn’t stupid and really didn’t want to become part of their argument, either as a buffer or a pawn. That and he felt slightly stupid for the previous spying through keyholes, as it were.
, was it? There were other ways to show his partner, his boyfriend that he was in this fully and truly and for a long haul of eternity.
That was another thing. Though the finger had bulked up somewhat, it was still within the realms of a human finger, albeit maybe one which’d had a run-in with a miffed bee. It hadn’t needed to be, if he was just trying to get his point across. Of course, you could argue there were physical constrictions but those were a bit more bendy when you took into consideration that he could shift into a dragon at all. They didn’t disappear, just became rather more…fluid.
The whole world, or even the entirety of Londoners, might not be that good overall but the mere fact that there were instances and people like this, somewhere towards the high-end, a segment that tended to be steeped in what they’d term ‘tradition’, that brought some hope and warmth back into him.
It was a small, seemingly completely insignificant, gesture but it made something burn warm and lovely inside John.
“You’ve got a private plane out there waiting, haven’t you? That’s why you could tell me it didn’t matter about the time and why neither of you were worried about the traffic or moving slow. It can take off pretty much whenever you direct it to.”
If he had looked, he would’ve seen the urge to steal everything within a ten-mile radius for his own hoard, as a start, chained up beside the desire to burn all threats to said hoard down. He might have caught a glimpse of the feeling of rage he’d experienced most fiercely when he had first had something of his hoard destroyed.
As was the fact that the knife – which they’d just barely remembered to transfer to one of Sherlock’s bags before they’d gone into the airport – made it through the security check without any issue or even any comment.
He felt a stab of guilt for the thought that he might be in part to blame for this, for causing him mental distress that, in combination with – no!
That would just be the tin-lid, wouldn’t it? The dragon breaking through just as the mob, or whoever else it might be, made it through the other side. Almost bloody Hammer Horror.
Even with the unexpected issues he had to face, it did feel good in a strange sense just to be out and about, as it were. To be a face in the crowd in the way that everybody would be to the majority of the people surrounding them.
The place felt bigger and brighter than it had the last time he’d ventured in here, which was only to be expected. So was the feeling of precariousness as he walked around it. Not because his feelings were in doubt, mind.
There was indeed no indication of ice in the pale eyes nor anything else that he would classify as being dragon signs.
It wasn’t an easy task, despite the general limpness of Sherlock’s lanky frame, but they managed it, somehow.
If what the studies claimed were true – they did both have sections on twins and multiples and how that differed from the ‘standard’ of a single child – it’d be enough to test the control of most Alphas. While he was hardly most Alphas, even on a bad day, there was still the unknown factor of the scent bond and its depths.
Having no one was part of the reason he’d ended up in the situation, the life he had, after all. Not all of it by a long way, of course. Nor was he claiming that what his life had become, at any point, was the fault of the world or specific people in it, exclusively.
But he’d handed it back to him, eventually. Could dragons even do that? Give things from their hoard not just away but back to their original owners? Didn’t that go against the whole concept of dragons or at least their hoarding? Especially when, as he’d been told, the hoarding was not voluntary on their part but essentially an innate craving.
Sherlock had taken it for his hoard, even if he hadn’t consciously known it at the time – though to be perfectly honest, when he had known, he had made no attempt to give it back either, now had he? – and now the dragon considered it theirs.
“Yes, thank you, Sherlock,” John snapped, not particularly in the mood for being called out like that – and he hadn’t entirely stopped being angry at his flatmate for his earlier stunt. “Just…carry on with whatever you were arguing about. You obviously don’t mind me being present.”
“Hasn’t dear brother Mycroft been scouring the shops for suitable gold to use? Or…hasn’t it worked like you thought it would? Or…like he said it would, at least? Oh, poor darling, having to put your trust in dragons like that.” His voice changed again. “Trust will get you killed.”
It was something for a later discussion. A later concerted effort to alleviate whatever was the cause or, if that wasn’t possible, to find a way to cope with it as best as possible.
I was…I was wondering why I wasn’t experiencing hunger.” At the doctor’s nonplussed look, he elaborated. “I told you earlier that we don’t choose whether we want to claim something or not, yes?”
In fact, there was something almost comforting in the knowledge that, even when presenting it with the evidence right in front of it, without any attempt at hiding or distorting it, it was not able to see what was going on and what would happen. It was too blinded by its own arrogance and fear, which did feed into each other.
“True, not to mention too much of a, well, a bad thing.” He sighed, deeply and full of frustration. “I just want a bit…a chance to just be us, you know? And I know that’s going to be sparse on the ground, what with the additions around the corner and all, but…“
He wouldn’t be stupid enough to try and lay his hands on something his boss wanted, Sherlock was sure, but they might find it in them to…share.
John getting angry wasn’t necessarily a problem on its own. His temper was a known quantity, even if that didn’t mean it was something you could toy with or wouldn’t burn you if you weren’t careful. The point was that the precedent gave some avenues of tried and true responses to said anger.
The Alpha pulled back a little at that. Not away, just back enough that he could look at his partner. He didn’t say anything, which John might’ve found worrying if not for the look in his eyes and the expression on his face.
Thinking of it as a possibility, he started to stretch his wings a little, more to test their flexibility and strength for possible carrying capacity than to allow John to examine his injuries. They would have time for that later.
The touch turned into a slap, not hard enough to hurt beyond the initial impact and a residual stinging, but enough to get his attention. Again.
“Other backdoors for the dragon to slip through, you mean? I don’t know. I’m not the dragon here and I don’t know which things could be employed…just about anything, given that it’s you. Your dragon – are all dragons geniuses, by the way?”
The dragon might not have a metaphorical heart, but Sherlock did. He had tried to ignore it over the years, to shut it away, bury it deep and forget that he had it, but it had continued to beat on regardless, and luckily so, for both his and John’s sake, really.
The eyes slowly opened, the greenish white of the iris contrasting sharply with the shades of copper that surrounded them, the pupil a long, vertical sliver of black infinity.
Yet there was no doubt of his intentions towards John. Not in Sherlock’s mind, at any rate. John didn’t want to see it, not that the younger Holmes could blame him, but that didn’t mean they weren’t there.
It was a fair point, but Sherlock needed to ask him something and it was too important to rely on muffled, halfway unintelligible words and glares. At least, that was what he told himself.
The gear, for what it was worth, they were to bring with them was in the boot of the large black car. When they went to get them, John was surprised to see that Mycroft had got out of the car as well.
He wasn’t good at comforting, though, he knew it without having tried to for years, and would almost inevitably end up saying the wrong thing. It usually didn’t matter but now, it mattered so much. If he could avoid putting his foot in it, he would.
Rather than pull away, which Sherlock would’ve expected and, quite frankly, understood, John used his hands to turn the other around to face him, and Sherlock let himself be manhandled. He came face to face with a man who looked more concerned than angry, exhaustion still nibbling at the corners of his expression.
The ‘joke’, such as it were, sounded like John and Sherlock couldn’t help but look around the long gallery he was now in. Sadly, there was no figment John there to greet him. Not even when he silently, trying not to feel completely stupid, asked for him would he come.
And this was a version of that disconnect, wasn’t it? Or it was connected. But in any case, even if it didn’t occur when he was together with his partner, there wasn’t a chance in Hell that he wasn’t going to go out without Sherlock.
He’d meant to spend the night reading through the files and do some further research. When they’d gotten in, though, he’d found himself more concerned with getting John to genuinely
Alpha as that, at the risk that an employee would be overcome with Rut or pure possessiveness around an entire group of people picked for being pleasing to the senses and societally trained to comply, to the point that it would probably not occur to them to hire someone like that. They preferred Betas, in particular those who were big enough to pass for Alphas at a quick glance but did not have the aggression or instincts to go with it.
“Quite aside from the fact that I would sound like a child if I did?” Sherlock had asked, with insight John wasn’t quite expecting.
The important point in context was that they had a Moriarty out there, potentially stalking around them like a fox or a marten stalking a hen house. Or equally likely having retreated back to his spider’s nest, waiting for the next time to strike while keeping abreast of every ripple on the threads of the web. Possibly even shaking a thread or two himself just to have something to mess around with.
“Sherlock?” he asked, quiet, in the hope that his little brother would, with his better hearing, pick up on it if he was indeed awake or something approaching it.
“Sherlock, I...” he swallowed, then carried on, determined. “I need you to check this. For…for any evidence of…for any evidence you can find. No matter how small. Please.” He knew he probably sounded a little desperate, but he couldn’t help it. Nor would he if he could.
Still, he couldn’t help the thought that it would hurt more not to try than to do so, and the longer he procrastinated, the greater the risk that John wasn’t going to answer him, for one reason or another.
Nor was he merely biding his time until his own Alpha came back to deal with him. He was in no doubt that Sherlock was capable of dealing with him but regardless of whether he was or not, John didn’t want him to. They were a pair and a couple and he was getting better at thinking of them as that couple, that they should work as a unit. Something which it seemed they were rather good at, proven both by the escape from the harem and afterwards.
Move into what he so wanted, apart from what they needed to – no. It might be that they had to do this in a sense to appease the urges inside him, and he was not exactly pleased with that in any sense. Of course he wasn’t, how could he be? But although things from, from whenever he had last been awake were not as crystal clear as his memory normally was, to say the least, he did remember that John…
“I’m…I didn’t…I’m sorry.” Honestly, what else could he say? He had assumed that and had barged ahead with the assumption rather than actually listen. “What did you mean, then?”
It certainly didn’t seem as though there was much of Sherlock left in there, at least not in the driver seat. The eyes were still entirely reptilian and almost pure white as they stared at him, with no hint of actual recognition of the person underneath him. The teeth parted just enough to allow the tip of a tongue to flicker out for a moment, the movement turning the smile almost grotesque.
Frustrated, worried, angry, very tired and certain he was going to have nightmares that night, he closed the book again and just barely managed not to hurl it.
“With the soft, warm colours, the unicorn on the wall and the toys all around? The lack of stands, brown wood and not a horsehair wig in sight? Whatever gave you that impression?” One eyebrow was raised but a smile tugged at the corners of the mouth.
If Mycroft had faked the concern and care he’d exhibited towards his brother when he’d seen him lying unresponsive on the sofa, then he was wasted as a civil servant and a profound loss for the acting profession.
John wasn’t too convinced by that justification, but he decided to let it slide, at least for the moment.
That did hinge on her making a recovery, whether it would be a full or partial one, and he would have to admit, he was only hopeful about that for John’s sake.
“That’s not the same thing.” The words came out of slightly gritted teeth but despite that, Sherlock couldn’t bring himself to pull away from the embrace. It was warm and comforting in a way he hadn’t known he craved.
Blinking, he tried to wake up a little, get used to the light and orientate himself. Even more importantly, he tried to quell the small but sudden spike of nerves trying to break through the wall of calm and upset him.
What was that term? Demisexual? Was that it? Sherlock would probably know better than he would because somehow, it would just figure that the berk would have knowledge of the different types of sexualities and their nuances while facts about the solar system eluded him. And that that would be the case even though technically, with his disdain for such things, he should have as little use for the – no, that wasn’t right, was it? He could possibly have use for the former as clues to people’s motivations and such.
Which might be somewhat hyperbole, to be entirely fair, but he wasn’t about to take the risk. Nor any other when it came to this relationship, not if he could possibly help it.
The eyes, too, were a little bit different. They were lighter, for one, and more greenish blue than John’s.
“Never…oh, you’ll know anyway. Hearing you whisper ‘anything’ like that in a sexual context would normally have a stronger…well, you get the drift.”
“Has there been any point during our friendship where it’s come up or where you’ve worried that it might? Or would you have deleted that?”
“Yeah, sorry,” he said quietly, wanting to scrub a hand over his face but not having the hands free to do so. “Sorry, Mycroft, I just…thought you were someone else.”
More importantly, when he’d been touring his Mind Palace, it had been in the various rooms, small and large, as well as the hallways, possibly the cellars. Always somewhere where it was relatively easy to metaphorically reach the front door and exit.
He really wanted to go back to sleep, perhaps bask in the novelty and loveliness it was to have Sherlock sharing a bed with him like this for a bit before he fell asleep this time. He really had neither the will nor the energy right then to deal with whatever else Mycroft thought needed to be dealt with as of that moment.
Except, not only was his not a normal life now, it hadn’t been for the length of time they had been developing inside of him, and neither did it look remotely like the future would hold much resembling that.
He opened his mouth to explicate this further or whatever it else would take to get the other convinced but was prevented from saying anything beyond ‘umph’ or something similar, he wasn’t entirely sure, as John leant forward and kissed him.
All it cut, however, were the bonds that had held him, swiftly and without trouble, like the proverbial knife.
I know we've jumped a bit in time, I hope that's alright. It was meant to get things moving but then...well, me, really, huh? :( :/ At least you know it by this point. That said, I actually enjoyed writing this, much as that sounds odd to say.
How could it be anything else? It was a dragon. That was its nature. To take and to claim, anything and everything, including everyone, that it deemed worthy of its time and its claim. Then, as soon as it had it, it wanted more. Always more. Consuming and consuming.
“It only happens between two dragons, is that it?” John asked, putting two and two together. His own expression turned thoughtful as he gave the issue consideration, intrigued almost despite himself. “Normally, I mean, which would make sense, I suppose. Why choose to mate with something that you cannot breed with? Unless you can? If you’d found a woman, I mean, rather than a man. Or just someone with a womb, of course. You obviously have the human equipment so I’m assuming – “
As he made sense of the thing in front of him, which for one thing was a person rather than an object, things started to come back to him, not quite in a flood but nothing like in a gentle stream, either.
But though the blond wasn’t at that level, he had actually not only paid attention in school, he’d gotten something of a crash course when the harem had been ‘stationed’ in France.
“Right. Okay. That’s…oddly progressive or it just proves that many things that seem new aren’t actually so. But still, if you had been a female dragon, or a woman, I really don’t think things would’ve been different.”
Sorry about the summary. I am exhausted, my brain hurts and I know I've left this over a month so I just wanted to get it out.
“No, that’s not it. I’m not saying we can’t, that’s the point,” Sherlock said. Or at least, that was what John assumed he said, since the words themselves came out as a somewhat unintelligible jumble, stumbling over each other in their haste to get out.
“Surely, she would’ve found ways to ensure that it wouldn’t be traceable, when she was willing to provide a phone through her regular harem Omega to give to another?”
It was therefore with a sigh of relief that he managed to get the last part of himself extracted without any trouble and with a still sleeping, or pretending to sleep, Sherlock being none the wiser.
Sherlock didn’t say anything in retaliation. Instead, he reached into the bag and pulled out the plush, carefully, his long fingers running over its fur continuously as he held it, without comment.
“I’m sorry,” he said, interrupting John who had only just started speaking, “I went off in my own head there, even though I shouldn’t have. Can you repeat that?”
The trip through the airport was wonderfully uneventful. Well, apart from the bit through security where someone thought it a good idea to try and pull apart the teddy  he’d just got from Mycroft because ‘it could contain drugs or unlicensed Heat-medication’, which, really, the latter part
“No. Unless there is something you need to examine?” A shake of the head this time. “Then there’s nothing more here for us to find.”
As though to bolster what the words had said, his mind treacherously provided him with images. Images of John, not rejecting him but being happy that Sherlock took this step, lighting up at the sight of the ring. Possibly, he would ask whether this was a joke or what he was playing at but hopefully, the moment he realised that Sherlock was perfectly serious, he would light up.
Anger flared up like flames in Sherlock’s throat, just as hot and burning, some of it aided by the acid of possessiveness.
Well, there was a whole range of options of things he could make with all of that but as the point right now was to get some sustenance into Sherlock and himself as quickly as possible, it wasn’t really the time to try and be fanciful. Practical and fast, that was the way.
It wasn’t as though he was exactly thrilled to hit Sherlock, even in the circumstances, but he would if that was what it took to get him to let go and allow John to get out.
The little piece still proved obstinate, however, so to not bring his friend more distress than at all possible, he put the tweezers down and wet his fingers. He would’ve gone for a small pad and some water, but it didn’t seem as though Mycroft had brought it, for whatever reason, and he rather wanted to get this over with as quickly as possible, for Sherlock’s sake. The keening, weaker or no, was heart-breaking.
Furthermore, it might be John’s imagination, but he thought he saw the faint, almost illusory-smoky image of wings as well as a reptilian head hover around the elder Holmes then. It wasn’t quite like it had been with Moriarty, as it was even more insubstantial than that had been, but it was along the same lines.
It didn’t. It was calm, unmoved apart from a smile, one that promised all that the rest of his face didn’t.
Given that, it was no real wonder that his control was slipping, even at such a thing as this, and the shape of his dragon form was visible, even if John still had bugger all idea of how it actually happened. Magic, obviously, but
John gave him the benefit of pausing and pursing his lips as he gave it thought. Then he tilted his head a little and smiled softly.
In fact, the moment he set out to search for it, he was there, right in the wing where John had taken up residence and consequently also his feelings about the man, and it had nothing to do with it being his mind.
“Beaten up? Well, yes, Sherlock makes up for what he lacks in experience with sheer tenacity, but the worst of it has been patched up and the rest has already healed.”
John should maybe instead just be glad that he was willing to let it pass. Let them still be the two of them, together, getting their daughter back.
Or perhaps he ought to look at it a bit less literally, in the sense that saying, for instance, ‘you’re mine’, didn’t have to mean that the speaker thought of the other as a possession. The context and tone mattered, after all, as did intentions.
The Alpha’s expression went from indignant to a dawning horror. “I wouldn’t do that to something you would use!”
Perhaps, that was for the best, though? Perhaps that was how he kept the dragon in check? Letting John take the initiative and the lead in all of this rather than try to be forward and risk the possessive nature rearing its head again.
Pushing away any further speculations in favour of solid proof, hopefully, John slid it open and pulled out the neatly folded letter, a further nail in the coffin, especially as it was neatly written, too.
If John had expected anything, it would either have been Sherlock to lead the way or to hover, unsure of how far he was allowed to…well, be Alpha-like in his behaviour, John supposed. Wanting to do it right but not being certain what ‘right’ entailed in the situation. It would certainly be understandable, what with the elements of domesticity.
“I...” No, to be honest, he wasn’t, but that wasn’t going to stop him. “I need to learn to deal with this sooner or later.”
There were several ways other than this he could’ve gone if the intention was merely to mess with John. Leaving it at the bibs, for instance. The stunt he’d pulled with the outing of the blond’s pregnant state and his attempts to touch it, for another, or just the general behaviour he’d exhibited the times John had met him in the harem. Those would’ve easily done the trick, without him having to resort to specific reference to, not to mention clues about, the daughter he’d been forced to give up.
“But your brother thinks that that’s what’s going on here? That it isn’t just the only way to go to prevent not so much you from claiming me as me being a target for other dragons, but that you’ve already begun it? That was what it sounded like, at least.”
“What – oh. Yeah, of course. You’re right.” He moved close so that he could wrap an arm around the brunet’s waist. “Go on, then. Let me see.”
When they parted, the younger Holmes tugged gently at the other’s hands. In unison, they managed to get upright and without any major mishaps, either. Then John bent right back down again to pick up the things he’d put down.
Their eyes widened in slight horror as they realised that they’d said something generally regarded as crass, especially in such a posh shop as this.
There was one thing, though, besides the cot, that caught his attention and that was not the buggy or even the baby blankets.
When next John regained consciousness, it was light out. Proper light, too, which was for some reason incredibly reassuring.
Sherlock shook his head again, careful to keep eye contact. He didn’t feel confident at all but there was a small flickering flame of hope and affection that propelled him forward.
“You should be over the time where you’d be prone to nausea and vomiting,” Sherlock said, frowning. His gaze went from John’s face to his belly then back again. “Is it the stress of the situation?”
He reached out his hand at the same time he tilted his head to the side, baring his neck as much as he could, in the hope that it could get across what he had trouble putting into words.
He wriggled his arm until he could snake it around the Omega’s waist and pull him closer, as much as the seatbelt would allow. Then he placed a soft kiss on blond hair, nosing into it a little.
Sherlock never wanted that to happen, and not merely because he would have to struggle with the pain of being separated from part of his hoard. He valued John. John was irreplaceable.
The pupils narrowed into slits again, but it was only for a moment, thankfully. Then they widened back up into what they’d been before and then wider still, as though in dawning realisation of what John had said.
Still nothing. What else could it be? There had to be something, something he could do, and fast. Though he didn’t know what time scale they were working on, being frustratingly, completely in the dark about the anatomy and dangers to dragons, he’d had the distinct impression that even if time weren’t of the essence, as such, it wasn’t something they could afford to just leave it be.
He had got better at it, significantly so, both through his own working on it and through the help of his bond mate. Very much the latter but the point was that although he had, it mainly related to John himself and he had a long way to go yet.
She managed an affirmative and added, with a bit of effort, that the doctor hadn’t told her anything.
Updates as they come, though, as I've had a bout of exhaustion illness through this (and other writing), so I won't promise what I can't keep. For once. :/
With that, he did walk away without a glance backwards, leaving Sherlock without a chance to say ‘you’re welcome’ or with much of a clue as to what had just happened.
No, that wasn’t right, was it? John was working on what he knew of Sherlock, wasn’t he? That he’d determine that since Sherlock was a dragon, the value he’d see in John was as part of his collection, and to add insult to injury, he was well aware of the brunet’s skills at manipulation. He didn’t know he was being genuine; he was no mind reader.
If things worked out as he hoped, excessively improbable as that sounded right now, then it would be the best taste that he could imagined.
When you were still learning the steps of a dance that was utterly unfamiliar to both dancers, not to mention doing so together with someone else without stepping on the other’s metaphorical toes, then it was quite the risky endeavour to bring in extra moves or even another person to join the dance.
The Omega paused. There was something in Sherlock casually checking his email for him, something boundary-pushing if not outright boundary-ignoring that was sending slivers of wrongness down his spine. An email was private. It wasn’t something other people should just have immediate and unquestioned access to, whatever their connection to the owner of said email.
There was something to what he was saying, however. He wasn’t just terrified of John leaving, he’d referred, twice now, to John having said something, though he hadn’t been able to specify.
They watched the dragon stare at the rope that didn’t snap and the foot which didn’t budge. It tried to pull again, much harder this time – Sherlock could feel it jerk and strain the rope and not just through his hand – to no avail. In fact, despite its best efforts, the gossamer strands spread and thickened across what passed for the ankle. Despite its apparent lightness, the ankle and forelimb sagged, as though weight was being applied to it.
Mycroft glanced up briefly as his office door opened without prior indicator such as a knock or a polite throat clearing. He looked back down at the paperwork he was pouring over almost immediately, recognising the shape of Anthea.
Sherlock and John investigate the room of the girl taken and try to work out what to do and where to go next.
He would be able to propose to John in the best way possible. In a way that John would not only recognise but would be appreciative of, so that he would be far more amenable to say yes. It was paramount that he said yes.
“You’re making French toast, with sugar and cinnamon on it,” Sherlock pointed out. “That is hardly merely ‘subsistence food’.”
They were crumpled up, as would make sense for having been in a pocket. There was the sense that they were supposed to have been presented neatly, evidenced by the string around both items, thick and of some quality.
Dealing with all the other ones, large and small – that was, the ones that didn’t pose a risk of providing the dragon with a backway into his mind, into control – was something that he ought to do later, on his own, going through them and amending or eliminating the ones that were unacceptable for one reason or another.
“Everything’s been set up already,” the brunet interrupted but relatively. Almost, at least. As much as possible, and they won’t come until we call them. That’s the last bit missing now that you’re dressed.”
They tried a third one. Things went well there at first until the woman on the phone asked them to bring their bonding certificate. It turned out they’d only take them if they could show proof of a bonding ceremony because they ‘upheld traditional values’, as they preferred to term it, and children conceived in a non-bonding Heat by not already bonded people were considered bastards and should be terminated.
“Don’t think I’m going to get any proper sleep if I’ll worry about…well, not once exhaustion wears off.” Never mind that he had slept earlier and had slept past the point where it could conceivably be exhaustion exclusively that did the work. That was not the point right now.
He told himself that he didn’t know what for. That the very last person he ought to talk to about this would be his brother, bachelor incarnate and if not celibate, then with such specific tastes that he needed a metropolis like London to find what he was after.
Definitely messing with him, and the worst part was, it was working, even though he was trying hard not to let it, it was.
Yes, it was decidedly the best finale he could possibly have hoped for, regardless of what had gone before.
He removed just one hand from their position still on bony cheeks to, unexpectedly, reach up and brush an errant curl from the brunet’s forehead in what, though Sherlock was not an expert, could be called a tender gesture.
To be perfectly honest, part of the delay has been because I haven't been sure i should post it. See, I'm a little ahead, actually, but there's a lot of speculation in all of it, just like here, and...yeah, scared of boring you half to death, really. Of course, I could cut it but I'm afraid of cutting something I don't remember using as a point later.
Thank you all for your kind support and understanding - and liking the last chapter, too! It really does mean such a great deal to me! <3 <3
“Stay here,” he said, his voice quiet but earnest and slightly pleading. “Please. I won’t be long. Just stay here and rest.”
As for the people who’d raised her, that was…that had simultaneously become clearer and more complicated at once after they’d met them, somehow, and his heart felt strange thinking about it. Even more so than previously.
“That’s okay, love. I’m here,” John reassured. He used his other hand to rub at and caress the nearest part of the other he could reach. “I’m right here.”
Sherlock’s heart didn’t just feel warm at that, it did a flip in his chest – not literally, of course, he wasn’t that daft – and it was a wonder his fingers didn’t stumble at the sight.
He reached up to brush at an errant curl. “Because you always trust yourself and your abilities, even when you really shouldn’t. Why should this be different?”
“If you want to stay with your Mama, John said, looking her straight in the eye and continuing to speak in that gentle tone, “and your Papa, then that’s alright. More than alright. You are free to choose and whatever choice you make, it will be a good one, and I’ll accept it. I promise you.”
It could still be another girl than Tessa and the fact that the consulting criminal had picked today of all days – something which Sherlock needed to get across to Mycroft, too, as soon as possible, to let him know his breach hadn’t been remedied as he thought – for a visit of a more violent, disruptive nature could merely be Moriarty choosing to mess with them.
“Yes, it still exists. Mummy refused to get rid of it, on the practical grounds that it might be needed one day.”
Tessa, or Celeste, took another few steps towards the woman, almost at a running speed, only to stop again, trembling. There she stood for an indeterminate time before she gave another low noise of confusion, stronger than before.
To claim that it was nothing to do with them would be much harder to explain when there was a paper trail, especially one of regular payments. Even without the contract, there would be questions to answer for just what John was being paid to do.
For a moment, the pupils contracted to mere lines of black, which was the only outward sign that ‘John’ had managed to hit home with his comments. When they widened again, they were still thinner slivers than they’d been when they opened.
, surprisingly clearly and distinctly, two small beans of grainy grey, essentially, with some strange nubs on them, lying close together.
If it was someone from the Omega’s life before the harem, someone that mattered to him and that he wanted to see, then Sherlock…Sherlock would be happy to have them come visit. He might have to struggle a little with some instincts at that, but he’d do it if it meant something to his partner and would make him happy.
After some internal debate, he’d decided against getting a new watch. Not that he thought Sherlock would see him buying a new one as him getting off the hook, as the man wouldn’t have felt he was on the hook in the first place. He’d just…wait for some funds.
All these things flashed through his mind quickly as his knee and heel made impact, the main part of his brain focused on what was happening and to be ready to react when he got his window to escape.
At some point after a small eternity had passed Sherlock noticed that the box had at last stopped playing, though exactly when that was, he had no idea. It did, however, bring his attention back to the box and by extension, the ring inside.
“I’m – “John started but stopped at the expression on Sherlock’s face, which wasn’t imperious or even challenging. Instead, it was quietly imploring and…concerned? Well, why not concerned? Why shouldn’t he be concerned?
Yes, so you promised the one you wed your life, too, but there was a reason divorces were almost as much of the norm as getting married itself these days. This didn’t sound like that at all.
His voice sounded strained, almost strangled despite its softness and when John looked up at him, his face was tense, with an expression on it that was made up of a lot of emotions, forming a strange, hard-to-decipher tapestry. It was evident, though, that he was trying hard to keep it under control.
“Much closer but still, no. It’s…complicated.” And given the situation, not relevant at this point, even if it would be possible to attribute such a simple explanation to Moriarty’s behaviour.
The sound seemed to do the trick, in terms of getting the attention of his flatmate. To be fair, it shouldn’t have taken him long, what with the light from the pool, but he had been placed in the limited amount of shadows there were and again, it was more likely that he hadn’t been who Sherlock was looking for in the first place.
John frowned. “I don’t. Yes, okay, so I flirt. There’s no harm in that. Some flirting can double as banter, too, or banter can look like flirting. That’s not the same as saying I want to get in the pants of every woman I meet.”
“Mostly, they lie on moss and feathers and other soft furnishings, which is also what my nest was made of. Wool, linen and silk and small pillows. It was propped up on a metal frame.”
It was just as well, then, that he could think pretty fast and go through the necessary mental steps much quicker and more efficiently than most.
Get Tessa back, yes, but that was their shared goal. His personal goal was to make sure that his mate was alright, in every sense that could apply to, and fix it if he weren’t.
Was that something that they needed to be conscious of with their own children? And in light of that, wouldn’t it make even more sense for him to have named her, the fact that she’d made it all the way into the world making her more special?
No, not something. Someone. Specifically, a calloused and otherwise roughened, but warm hand laid itself gently on top of his own, which he hadn’t noticed until that point was shaking somewhat.
It was very likely both, and Sherlock had the thought that they would need to resolve all of this as soon as they possibly could. Not just for the sake of their daughter and what was possibly happening to her, but for her mother, too.
But on the other hand, he couldn’t not do this. It was a contradiction, to say the least, but it was nevertheless true.
“You won’t, John, I promise.” Still urgent and pleading. “I promise. I’m sorry. Don’t leave. I’m sorry.”
Sherlock undressing, with what was meant to follow after that, might bring that into sharper contrast and in turn, might make him question whether it was really a good decision to become the partner of a dragon.
He gave a sudden roar of frustration as his thoughts scattered, skittering away from his every attempt to grasp at them, leaving only pea-soup fog and dull pain behind. His wings fluttered and flexed behind him, trying to pull in with no success. Points on his body seemed to burn cold and ache at the same time.
The icy-pale iris followed the movement of those grains, certainly, and the pupil was slowly expanding. Furthermore, if there needed to be any other indicator, there was a high-pitched yet quiet keening noise in the distance.
So, why would he be uncertain of the one thing they’d had as a certainty from the start? Unless he didn’t think he’d make it himself. But still, that didn’t quite tally. If he was uncertain of whether he’d make it, surely, he’d just leave it out entirely?
Then he saw that people passing on the street were actually looking up at him as they passed, though they didn’t yet find it interesting enough to stop and watch the spectacle of what, to outsiders, probably looked like a loonier version of a domestic.
Of course, there were others who tended to touch anyone and everyone just because they wanted to and to hell with others’ opinion on the matter. But even then, nobody touched Sherlock. Ever.
Then the doctor crawled in to lie beside Sherlock, pulling the duvet and its Egyptian cotton bloody high thread count linen cover over them both.
That didn’t feel quite right, either, but trying to sort it out in his head only made things clash harsher.
There was no sound from Sherlock. John turned his head to look for him and found him standing…midway between the bed and the door, as though he wasn’t entirely sure he’d be welcome closer but didn’t think he should stay closer to the door, either.
Then suddenly, without warning, the foot slammed down, the hard heel of the leather brogues making impact with John’s forefoot with strength and precision. The effect was excruciating.
He turned to go but the Alpha halted him with a hand on his arm. John looked at him, questioningly, until it clicked.
Logically, if he stopped to think about it – and right now, without something concrete to do, it was getting considerably harder not to think about it, because he wasn’t a doctor here, not really, he was just a friend –  John knew that there’d been nothing he could’ve done about it one way or the other. It had never been in his power to prevent this unfolding.
They were, of course, not prepared to shoot without express permission from Moriarty, and not purely because Sherlock would bet that at least half of them had been claimed by the Irishman at some point. But that just pushed the question to why he hadn’t given the permission at that point. It wasn’t as though he needed to voice it out loud.
“Do you have anything that you need to prove to him?” he asked. “Him specifically, that is, or is he merely a substitute for Alphas in general and the way you have been treated throughout your life, not just in the army or the harem?”
John, feeling something do something strange in his chest, both unpleasant and decidedly pleasant, had then leaned up and placed a kiss on Sherlock’s cheek.
John finally finishes his explanation of the courtship ritual. It throws up another, unexpected issue that they'll also have to deal with. Maybe it'll turn up a deeper root and connect to the underlying issue?
Would he prefer it if his plan went off without a stumble or hitch? Yes, of course, and he would probably also think his idea at least a little better than John’s, wrong as he knew that to be. But that wasn’t the point of this.
No, this wasn’t how he’d ever imagined his life would pan out, and possibly a past version of himself would’ve been disgusted by what he’d see, with some choice deductions and sneering comments to boot. Probably, even.
His throat closed on him, wedging a lump in and trapping the words in his throat while at the same time, his vision blurred because of excess moisture. Two tears, fat and unromantic, escaped, rolling down a cheek each. Then another fell, and another, slowly but unerringly.
The gun lay in strange, curled, thin ribbons of metal on the floor around him, but the egg was only showing the slightest weathering, as if whatever had done for the gun couldn’t do more than chip the merest flakes off its outsides. It wouldn’t be affected by such as that.
He ignored that thought, though he knew it would bob back up sooner or later. After all, everything bloody well did, didn’t it?
The smell of the food finally properly registered. Of all things, though, it was Sherlock’s stomach that made noise. They smiled and John stood up while Sherlock retrieved the bag from where he’d dropped it.
“Yes,” Sherlock countered, unfazed. “It’s the only option available right now. I cannot shift back, for whatever reason, and I cannot walk the entire way, not without being spotted.”
He tried not to think about a bullet accidentally getting underneath or ricocheting off his scales and somehow managing to hit John that way, in a way that he might not notice and therefore wouldn’t react to.
John leant forward and captured the other’s lips. The kiss they shared was aching in several ways but most importantly, it felt…mending in a way that was difficult to convey with any accuracy in words.
“First off, it’s still not night-time, and secondly, I’m not made of glass. Thirdly, if I’m asleep, I cannot control how I move and could therefore always potentially trigger something.”
The look of sheer disbelieving bafflement on Sherlock’s face, along with the words themselves, folded John’s anger in on itself and made him feel somewhat stupid in the process, or at least unreasonable. The accusation had nothing to do with Sherlock and everything to do with John and his knee-jerk reaction based in prejudice and bad experiences.
He felt some stirrings again, stronger than before, but his transport had been through too much to muster the energy for something like that, too, not without some rest first.
“Yes, you can, you ruddy pedantic, suits-my-needs-right-now wyvern, it’s called ‘under the influence’ – and what do you mean, backsies? Since when have you used the term ‘backsies’?”
Will was obviously a good way but if he wasn’t to use the rope itself, then he would have to split it between the rope itself and whatever else he was going to use, and splitting his focus between the two would only worsen the situation, not help it.
John was so worried about how his new life was going to be – even when he didn’t say it, it was evident to Sherlock, abundantly so – and about what and who he was now. Now that his life was so different from everything he’d known. He didn’t, at least not yet, realise that Sherlock’s own life had been turned upside down, in the best possible way, and while he didn’t have to reset and recreate his identity from scratch, there had still been a major overhaul of what had existed.
“I don’t really care much who you are. I know you’re connected to people who wish me harm, one way or another, though I haven’t decided which one, yet. But that said, you’re not interested in simply grabbing me or even purely hurting me, or you wouldn’t have wasted time standing there, trying for intimidation instead.”
Sherlock left Mycroft’s office around fifteen minutes later, feeling…well, he didn’t know, to be honest. Happy? Accomplished? Worried? Terror-stricken? Optimistic? All of them?
He, on the other hand, was almost dead certain that he was carrying only the one; he’d acted as impromptu midwife on the occasions when a resident of harem had fallen pregnant despite their best prevention efforts – even intentional abortions carried a great risk to unbonded Omegas, and to some degree Betas, too, and while they could be carried out without risk, they had to be done in the proper facilities, outside the harem, so that was out of the question – for whatever reason, and of course the ones that had arrived pregnant.
