The beam of light settles on the pile of split firewood beside the open fireplace, and Steve, muscles aching with the effort of not shivering, really hopes that Tony will let them use it.
For days in a row he sleeps a solid few hours before waking up, something he hasn’t managed since before the war. Then after another week of mediocrity rolls around, Steve finds he’s back to not sleeping at all. The couch and back rubs stop being the answer, instead he finds himself restless, feeling jittery and drawn too thin. Tony notices, frowns at the dark smudges that appear under his eyes after a week without any sleep at all. He fusses over him, smoothing a hand through his hair, digging his fingers into the tight places in his shoulders and back, insisting that he should rest, actively trying to guide him back to the couch or his bed whenever he finds him wandering. He takes all the small notions of comfort, because he is selfish, finds himself wanting more, but not knowing exactly what equates to more.
Tony catches him with one hand gripping his shoulder, steading Steve until he can find his balance. Fleetingly there’s an expression on Tony’s face that is impossible to read, before Tony turns his head to scowl at Jim. “You’d better not have damaged any of Steve’s work.”
Not enough that he regretted applying for a job with Marvels, and he isn’t about to swap all the adventures he’s had since for the pile of magazines in the corner of his safe, vaguely warmer bedroom. Magazines that were filled with the same adventures that he’s been having daily for the past six months.
There's quite a cliffhanger at the end of this chapter. If it has you worried at all, please feel free to contact either of us via tumblr.
“He wasted a page in my sketchbook.” Steve reasons with a shrug, though he holds no real grudge over the waste of paper.
Steve's c-section takes place in this chapter. While not over explicit, there are a lot of references to pain and sensation, as while Steve can't see what is happening, he can feel it.
Also, this week I (Red) will be answering comments, because Sap isn't feeling great. Or rather, because I asked him if I could, and because he's unwell he agreed.
Steve gives Tony a sideways glance, feeling the edge of his mouth pulling up in a smile even as his cheeks heat with embarrassment. “Bucky made me take the wall side after the first time I fell out of bed.”
When asked to choose between Steve and Anthony, there was a pause longer than he was comfortable with.
“Just as well, I was going to argue that you snore,” Tony quips back, dancing out the way as Jim reaches out to swat at him. Stopping when he’s placed Steve between him and Jim, Tony reaches down to ruffle Steve’s hair. “Looks like it's down to the two of us to fight over the bed.”
Second to last chapter everyone! Whoo, we're getting there. Now we know that this has been a pretty hard hitting story emotionally, which is exactly how we designed it. And for those of you who are wondering how we're going to get to a happy ending with only two chapters to go, well, happy might be a bit of a stretch.
When neither Tony or Jim say anything for a moment, Steve hunches his shoulders further forward, tucking himself over his knees and wrapping his arms around his legs,  “It helps.”
“Can’t argue with that logic.” Tony finally replies, before dropping down onto the floor beside Steve, leaning forward to poke some more wood into the fire.
Another week, another chapter! Thanks everyone who has been reading and commenting along this journey. We've really loved all of the comments.
“Do you prefer to be closer to the wall or the outside?” Tony asks as he joins him by the bed, taking one corner of the faded patchwork quilt to help Steve spread it over the top of the bed.
Despite the small size of the cabin, Steve feels the air temperature drop as he moves away from the fire and towards the bed. There’s a layer of dust on top of the mattress that Steve tries to brush off as carefully as he can, doing a cursory inspection for spiders in the near vicinity before he spreads his own bed roll across the mattress, deciding that a layer beneath will help hold the warmth in.
He’d wanted to roll over then, to assure Steve that Anthony loves him as well. To promise him that he’d try anything to make it possible for Steve and Anthony to meet, when Anthony had whispered in his mind, with all the surety and conviction of a child who believed without a doubt in what they said.
There is going to be another story after this. When, I'm not sure. So far there's 500-ish words and a whole lot of me hitting my head against the desk and grizzling to Sap that I just can't get Steve to be happy. But it will happen. Some day. Even if you can't trust me (notorious flake) to write it, you can trust Sap to make me write it.
By the middle of February, Steve’s well and truly ready for the parasite to get cut out of him. He feels like he hasn’t slept in weeks, he has to urinate nearly constantly, and the pain in his back is only intensifying. He’s sick of the inside of Tony’s house nearly as much as he was sick of his own apartment. Whenever Tony tries to engage him in conversation he’s short tempered and grouchy in response, which he knows isn’t fair, but he can’t quite keep his misery to himself anymore. The only more positive points are that, despite Steve being a real arsehole to him, Tony stays with him nearly constantly. He doesn’t leave him alone to his misery, he doesn’t cease the back rubs or rambling one sided conversations that always seem to eventually sooth Steve back into some illusion of comfort.
“Not with the way you draw my nose,” Tony grumbles, making a series of awkward movements to untangle himself from both the blankets and Steve to get out of bed and stalk across the room to snatch the sketch book off at Jim, “My nose is not that big.”
“I can hear his teeth rattling from over here.” Jim Rhodes calls from further behind them on the path. “I think we’d better find some shelter soon.”
It’s an assessment Steve has heard many times in his life, but somehow, when Tony, Jim, or even Jarvis make any comments about his height, weight or bouts of poor health, it feels more caring and friendly than dismissive. The same way Jarvis grumbles at Tony for not looking after his heart. Like he’s somehow proven himself beyond those features, and fits into this ragtag team.
“Doesn’t seem much point,” Steve confesses around a yawn, feeling his jaw crack as it stretches too wide, “Hardly home these days anyway. You and your adventures keep me too busy.”
That hadn’t stopped Steve from talking to him. From talking to him through Tony. No one else had ever bothered to do that. No one else had ever cared.
It’s early in the morning, but they’re already situated on the couch in the living room, Steve lying on his side propped up with pillows, legs draped over Tony’s lap. There’s one warm hand curled around his right kneecap and the other tucked up under his sweater to rub at his lower back. Despite the pain, it feels nice. His knees have been aching since Christmas, though that has recently paled in comparison to the pain in his back. The parasite had been wriggling and kicking most of the morning, but had fallen still again about ten minutes prior. It’s long enough that he feels like he could almost fall asleep for a little while when there’s a sharp cramping feeling that radiates from the pain in his lower back out to his stomach. It makes his breath catch slightly, feeling the need to tuck his legs up higher, but it fades again after a few slow, deep breaths.
When the food has warmed to a temperature beyond stone cold, Jim carefully pulls the tins away from the fire and splits the portions into thirds. Steve cradles his meal in both hands, letting the warmth seep through to his fingers. From the first bite, the food goes a long way to chasing the cold out of Steve’s bones. He lets himself savour each bite, chewing carefully and thoroughly, just like his Ma had taught him to do, when food was scarce when he grew up. By the time he’s scraped the last of the gravy from the bottom of the tin with the last corner of bread, Steve feels better. While not warm by any stretch, the chill ache that had settled over him before has dissipated.
It takes a moment too long for Steve to realise that Tony is talking to him, having turned to walk backwards so he can look at Steve. Belatedly, Steve nods, trying to offer Tony what he hopes is a reassuring smile. When Tony frowns at him, Steve suspects it didn’t work.
“Well, to be on the safe side, you’d better go first.” Tony offers, sitting down on the edge of the bed to take his boots off.
Here we go, another chapter, on the downhill run now, only two more to go after this. Which means, that for all the Christmas celebrating people, you will get the last chapter as a Christmas present.
The building is a small hut made of roughly hewn timber, with shuttered windows and a single door that opens into a dusty one room interior. Jim lets out a low whistle as he flicks on his flashlight to survey the inside of the hut.
“Don’t you go jinxing us now.” Jim replies, readjusting his grip on the rifle he’s carrying, and taking a careful step towards the building. “Guess the only way to know is to go in.”
Jim’s pleading fades as he leaves the room to follow Pepper, and Steve has to press his lips firmly together to stop himself from smiling.
He flicks back a page in his sketchbook, and sets his pencil to paper again, continuing to work on the image he started there. It’s an illustration of Jim, slouched, asleep in the leather chair inside the cabin, the fire crackling in the hearth behind him, and his mouth open in what is an exaggerated snore. It’s not an image that Steve saw himself, but he isn’t too ashamed to admit that it’s a form of payback that he’s taken too much delight in working on. He fades the edges of the image into darkness, double checks to make sure the shadows all fall the right way, before carefully signing his name in the bottom right corner.
By the time they crest the range and drop into the valley beyond, Steve can barely pick out even the trees around them through the darkness. He remembers his father talking about soldiers getting night blindness, not being able to see a thing, and now, away from the city lights he grew up with, Steve can’t help but wonder if he’s suffering from the same affliction. Except he can pick out the shape of Tony’s pack a few feet in front of him, and that’s enough to keep him trudging along, hoping against hope that they aren’t relying on him to find any sort of shelter.
On a different note, my good friend and usual beta (but not this time - that job fell to the wonderful KittKat)
Another Tuesday another chapter. At least, I am assured it is still Tuesday in some parts of the world.
Don't get me wrong, we both love even sized chapters, but when we wrote this story, I wasn't writing with chapters in mind, so I did scene breaks, rather than chapter breaks, and they varied in size a lot.
“I haven’t damaged anything. What I’ve done is craft a masterpiece.” Jim assures them with a grin, turning the sketchbook towards them, barely holding it still as he starts to chuckle again.
“I won’t,” Steve tells him, feeling his voice tremble in his throat, not entirely sure what it is he’s promising not to do.
When he’d woken up in the morning there was only silence. As the day progressed and Anthony didn’t make an appearance Tony felt the loss of him, the silent empty spaces where his son had been. Scans later than day confirmed what he feared. The mass in his head, the tumour, the infinity gem, it was gone.
He’s not sure if he hates Tony for his persistence and lack of self regard, since he seems content to subject himself to Steve’s grouchiness with little complaint, or if the emotions he feels are at the other end of the spectrum.
“Never,” Steve rebutts, feeling every ounce of certainty in the word in the very fibre of his being. “Best damn choice I ever made.”
It’s months later when it really hits him. Months of silence in his head, months of not seeing Anthony in the room with him. He misses him. Misses him something fierce. The absence of him is deafening. The empty space in his brain aches worse than the infinity gem ever did.
Tony’s face lights up with mirth as he surveys the images, eyes sparkling mischievously. “Oh, definitely. I think this deserves a full page feature.”
Pepper straightens up, her interest piqued, and holds her hand out for Tony to hand her to sketch. Her lips twitch in an easy, amused smile. “I think I can probably fit it in somewhere. It certainly brings a more human element to the team.”
Tony tilts his head to one side, a grin playing at the corner of his mouth. “On this side at least.”
Tony reaches out slowly, hand finally settling to cup the side of Steve’s face, before he leans closer still, pressing his mouth against Steve’s. Tony’s face blurs in Steve’s vision, but he’s half scared that if he shuts his eyes Tony will disappear and it’ll all be a dream. It’s not though, he tells himself. Tony’s there, lips warm against his, moustache a gentle scratch against his skin. Steve presses closer, letting go of his sketchbook to thread his fingers into the loose fabric of Tony’s shirt, hoping to convey that he wants him to stay close.
The mattress dips and the bed frame creaks as Tony settles into the bed beside him, his movements wafting cold air towards Steve until he settles, pulling the blankets snuggly over the top of them both.
“Looks like it has been a while since anyone has been here.” Tony observes, brushing some cobwebs out of the way as he makes a slow circuit of the room, following the beam of Jim’ flashlight. Tony’s hands wander over various items in the room, dragging clean lines through dust as he goes, before brushing his hands clean on his pants and making a beeline for the fireplace. “There is a good supply of dry wood though, so can’t complain about that.”
Steve wakes up when the surface he’s lying on jerks suddenly. His heart beats too fast, adrenaline spiking through his body, pushing every last inch of sleep away as surely as if someone had dumbed cold water on him.
Once he starts calling Tony by his first name, he knows he’s in trouble. It isn’t something he can reverse either, the few times he tries to call him Stark out loud, Tony gives him a playfully hurt look and even though it’s a mock expression, he can’t bring himself to be the cause of it more than a few times. The first dozen or so times he does call him Tony, he gets beatific smiles in response that make his heart feel a little unsteady in his chest and he knows he’s doomed.
Steve straightens his shoulders and sets his jaw, peering back at Tony through the rapidly diminishing light, hoping that he doesn’t look nearly as tired or cold as he is. The last thing he needs is to give Tony any more ammunition to let him go. There had been enough consternation about him being employed in the first place, and Steve had struggled every mission to prove that he wasn’t going to be a burden or slow them down.
“There’s a reason I employed you as a naturalist, James, and not an artist.” Tony grouches, though there is a measure of good humour to his voice as he crosses back over to the bed, handing the sketchbook back to Steve. “He should leave the art to the professional, hey Steve?”
Steve pushes himself up to sitting, the cold air that slips beneath the blankets as he moves chasing the last dregs of sleep away. Belatedly he realises that his hand is planted firmly on Tony’s chest, dangerously close to the edge of the cover over his heart. Steve jerks his hand away—worried that he might be hurting Tony—and nearly falls face first back on top of him.
This chapter contains semi-graphic depictions of surgery, and a lot of emotional overload on Steve's part. We do promise that everything will eventually turn out okay.
Somewhere further away, Jim gives a loud, barking laugh. “You were sleeping like a baby, boss. Just wait til the world sees this.”
As if hearing his thoughts, Tony turns to look between Steve and Jim, brow furrowed in thought. “I doubt we’ll attract any unwanted attention all the way out here, should be safe enough to warm this place up.”
He agrees to live in the Tower, Tony Stark’s Tower, without much persuasion. After the stunt SHIELD pulled with the weapons and the Tesseract and their poor handling of his awakening from the ice, he doesn’t think he’d fare well being in the presence of the organization for too long.
He knows loss when he sees it, and he doesn’t try to chase the very little remnants of tired that’s creating the beginnings of a headache. Instead, he takes the elevator to the communal floor, acutely picturing the bucket of apples Natasha bought yesterday and the words on his grandmother’s apple pie recipe. He might as well make Natasha happy tomorrow morning.
and nothing makes sense and he freezes for a split second too long, enough for Tony to pull away with erratic hesitant movements. His face is flushed and lips wet and eyes bright and it takes Steve a moment to fully understand the words tumbling out of his mouth.
He’s nothing but a glowing blip in the sky and Steve ignores Natasha’s sly smirk as he hops into the helicopter behind her and they make their way into the middle of nowhere to cuff some sixty-year-old man that was creating experiments in his garage.
It’s three in the morning when she comes back from the gala. Her cheeks hurt from smiling at people she didn’t want to smile at and her brain aches from speaking to people who were only trying to undermine her. She’s got her heels in her hands and she wants to strip herself of this dress but then she sees Steve Rogers’ at the balcony.
His words are slurred and too far away, she’s floating away too fast and she tries, she tries so hard to keep her eyes trained on his blue ones, blue like the ocean, like the water she used to wake up to in Malibu, the blue that she wants to wake up to every morning for the rest of her life.
Steve can hear the SHIELD helicopter in the distance and he switches his shield from right arm to left, “Don't let the insects leave Manhattan,” He trails off but then fixes Tony with an authoritative glare despite knowing that it’ll be moot, “And don't do something stupid.”
2011; He wakes up to an odd room with an inaccurate station broadcasting the wrong game and then he’s running out of SHIELD and into the twenty-first century.
“The tape is located on the shelf behind you Captain, and the extra sandbag is located in the storage room to your right where you will also find one of many first aid kits.”
“Ma’am,” Jarvis’ voice interrupts the wiring she’s installing in Clint’s arrows and she puts the weapon down gently, encouraging the AI to continue, “Captain Rogers left some food in front of the door. Told me to inform you if you don't notice after ten minutes.”
She tries to hate the boy that died and made her unlovable but the part of her that is purely Maria Stark prevents her from doing so.
Obie’s betrayal cuts through her like nothing ever did. He rips her heart out of her chest and for a moment, just for a moment, she gives up. For a split second of a moment, she’s okay with giving up. Then she hears Yinsen and she remembers Pepper and Rhodes and forces her way to her lab. She saves her life, saves the day, and tells everyone she’s Iron Woman.
Steve nudges her, just a little as he gets up from his seat and she turns off the schematics projecting on her tinted glasses and shoots him what she hopes is a thankful smile instead of the phony grin that she had plastered on for the duration of the interview. She ignores the swooping in her belly when he smiles back and offers her his hand, the way he does when they’re in the privacy of her workshop and he’s telling her to come upstairs with him to have a snack, the way he never does in public.
He looks at her and is disconcerted when he finds her already staring back, lips pulled up into a smirk and eyebrow raised as to tell him that she’s noticed his staring. She unabashedly rakes him over, once, then twice and he feels his skin burn as if it were a physical touch.
And then she’s somehow figured out where Loki is and she’s falling out the window, waiting for the cold metal of the suit and it finally comes and aliens have invaded New York.
She tries to go to him but has apparently forgotten that she’s in a chair and has consumed a copious amount of alcohol and she stumbles and nearly falls but he wraps his arms around her waist and holds her upright.
Tony’s almost manically taking apart the already fragmented pieces and Steve is disconcerted to find that he wouldn’t mind staring for the rest of the night, except that there’s a tired slump to Tony’s shoulders and prominent lines under his eyes and a hollow to his cheek and Steve walks further into the kitchen and kicks at a straying piece of metal to get Tony’s attention.
He has a large sketchbook and several tools delivered to his floor a couple of days after Toni had come up out of her lab and maintained a five-minute conversation with them. The pages have a fibrous texture and the pencils vary in darkness and softness. He doesn’t remember telling anyone about his desire to draw except Jarvis when he had asked the AI about art stores nearby.
Movie nights are the Avengers drawing straws to decide who’s refilling the popcorn that runs out every ten minutes thanks to Steve, Thor and surprisingly Bruce. Movie nights are Clint falling asleep halfway and Bruce leaving before the end and Natasha painting her nails and Coulson diligently watching while Steve half watches the movie and half listens to Tony’s commentary.
He looks at the red ink on his wrist, standing out against all that is white and blue and grey. For the first time, he thinks about his soulmate, what she looked like, how she died, what her name could have been.
Steve Rogers isn’t above admitting to himself –and himself only – that Tony Stark is attractive, stunning even. He’s more in awe of the fact that he is now allowed to have such thoughts, allowed to walk out and kiss a man, allowed to marry a man without getting arrested. Coulson had stuttered through the evolving of humanity’s societal views with flaming cheeks after being caught in the janitor closet with Clint Barton and Steve reassuring them that he’s not going to tell anyone.
The doors of the elevator have opened, waiting for them to pass through but they remain still, stuck in the little bubble created by broken facades and genuine conversation, “I'm not sure he’s what you would call fully functioning, but he’s friendly. Maybe I should make him into a greeter bot. Station him at SI.”
“You need to sleep Tony.” There’s a flash of pain and brokenness and exhaustion at Steve’s soft words and all he wants to do is hold Tony until he lets Steve help him pick up his pieces and glue them back together again.
Jarvis doesn’t miss a beat, “I thought the meeting would go much better if I didn't and aforementioned pornography didn’t show its way to the holograms that projected statistics.”
She closes the distance because she knows he won’t, and it’s slow and sweet but for some reason it entices a moan out of her and he makes a low guttural sound from deep in his throat and she feels the heat all the way down when he carries her up off the ground, his lips still wrapped around hers.
And it irks Steve, creates a little, reparable pit in his stomach at the notion – the incorrect – notion of drawing straws as if seeing Tony, having Tony eat is comparable to doing laundry or taking out the trash.
As per Stark’s instructions, delivered to him via text on his new Stark Phone, he gets into the elevator and waits, his awkward shifting the only indication of the nerves crawling up his spine and gathering in the pits of his stomach.
She looks at her wrist, theorizing, asking though knowing the answer, “And when did my soul mark change?”
Thor’s watching Bruce flip pancakes in the kitchen when he comes down and Barton is swooning over the new toaster that butters the bread and spreads the cheese and Steve has to grin and remember with pride and fondness at the scrambled pieces of metal and energy that was Tony Stark sitting in the middle.
And then, somehow, she’s got a nuke on her back and she’s flying through space and for a second, for a split second, she thinks of the letters on her wrist that aren’t red anymore and feels sorry for the poor kid who’ll grow up with red on his skin.
He tries to relax himself to encourage the other man to do the same but the truth is that there is too much hurt and scars and words that were hastily thrown and cannot be retracted meaning that more time is necessary before either of them heal.
Moments later, as he’s finishing up the careful curls of the lashes above Tony’s eyes, and he hears the hundredth yawn this last minute, he puts down the sketchbook and makes his way back to Tony Stark, who’s now holding two pieces of metal and staring at them as if they contain the answers to the universe.
– decides to carry a nuke up to space and force him to call out the order that closes the portal and traps the man that presses his every button, scratches his every nerve but was the first person to stare at him without pity and look at him as if he was not helpless in this new world.
Tony, without any indication of the past five minutes, stalks away into the communal kitchen, yelling back, “Awww, birdbrain. I'm flattered by your jealousy, you’re not really my type though.”
Four-year-old Toni Stark, despite reading high school level books, and understanding wiring and electricity, cannot differentiate the difference between the warm, proud smile Jarvis gives her and the calculating, greedy one her father gives her.
Toni walks out of SHIELD promptly after that, dragging Banner with her and calling out as parting words, “Feel free to show up any time. Jarvis will let you in and show you your floors.”
The bot holds out its arm and Steve shakes it, smiling when the machine whirs happily, before looking at Stark who’s engrossed in the wirings she’s putting into his shield.
Steve Rogers falls in love with Tony one creation at a time but he’s afraid and unsure and all things in between to take one step forward because Tony is his best friend and he doesn’t want to risk losing it all to three words and the possibility of something more when he already has more of Tony than most do.
And it should be obvious that he fell in love with Tony. Tony, who builds robots like children, who builds AIs that have minds and souls. Tony, who breaks apart machines only to build them up better. Tony, who gifted him with sleep; who builds weapons for Natasha and bows for Clint until his eyes cannot keep open.
He doesn’t really have time to think about soulmates and red wrists when they’re on the brink of an alien invasion and he’s in a room with half of his so-called team; Natasha Romanoff, Bruce Banner and himself.
She drowns the rest of her drink and slightly slurs, “Yep, son of a bitch just ditched off the earth with no regards for my poor little heart.”
“Oh shit,” Toni and Pepper look at him but he only has eyes towards his lifelong friend, his little sister, who looks at him amusedly when she realizes he’s finally got it, “Oh shit, that's...that’s good Tones. He’s good, he’d be good for you.”
“I’m sorry. I didn't plan on you finding out. It's just – I just – I really can't help it, the way I feel and if it makes you uncomfortable I can stop coming here and – or I can leave and stay at SHIELD, but I really hope that we can stay friends because you mean a lot to me Tony and I need you in my life even if it – mmph.”
And so, in a sudden, almost uncharacteristic feat of bravery, Steve sits on the edge of the bed, close enough that Tony’s pinky can touch his knees and speaks in a quiet tone, unsure if Tony is coherent enough to listen, “I dream about Bucky sometimes. He’s falling and I can’t catch him and then he’s gone but he looks so betrayed every time, so disappointed and I should have caught him but I didn’t.”
The voice pauses for a moment, as if registering his aggressive stance, and when it continues, Steve can swear he hears an amused, almost smug tone that accompanies the words.
Antoinette Edelle Stark was born May 29, 1983, with a full head of dark hair, her father’s brown eyes, and a delicate red
An hour later, Toni Stark’s smiling face with her glinted eyes and the grease stain on her cheek and her falling apart hair is staring back at him.
Then the bomb goes off and she’s putting on the suit and nearly being shredded by the Hellicarrier’s engines. Then Phil Coulson dies and his bloody cards are on the table and she’s in some room with pipes and bars and she doesn’t care because she’s just let someone else die.
A couple of days after Steve moved in, she had gone for drinks with Rhodey, as they always did before he was called overseas. She didn't get drunk obviously, because she promised Pepper, but she was tipsy enough to walk into her lab and kick off her heels and take off the silver bracelet and stare long and hard at the
He’s long given up trying to keep up with her and so he simply does as he’s told, throwing the shield and then pressing the palm of his gloved hand, watching in fascination as the shield returns, attaching itself to the fabric on his forearm and he looks at Stark to see her smiling at him, a glint in her brown eyes and he has to resist the urge to wipe away the oil stain on her cheek.
“I think your soulmate is so lucky to have you. Anyone would be lucky to have you.” His mind automatically goes to the black letters on his wrist, letters spelling out
The genius hasn’t come out of his lab in hours, and it feels like days for Steve, who didn't realize he’s gotten used to – perhaps even fond – of the incoherent and incomprehensible babble that chases away the silence and fear and cold and the warmth of eyes that are never really brown.
And Toni? Well, she’s just a human in a titanium suit that has more wounds on the inside than the out who’s barely surviving one day after the next. Weakness is a curse that doesn’t seem to want to leave her alone.
He’s practically bouncing on his heels at this point and Steve finds that he couldn’t refuse Tony Stark even if he wanted to. So he nods and ignores the bubbles in his stomach when the corners of the other man’s lips tip up just a little higher and he shouts into thin air, “Jarvis, tell Pepper that the old douche bags are going to have to keep it in their pants for a little longer.”
The Iron Man armour salutes mockingly but Tony’s faceplate is sill up and Steve can see something akin to fond on his face “Aye, Aye.”
1986; Antoinette, affectionately nicknamed Toni by Edwin Jarvis, had run to her mother and tugged on her fingers, asking with impeccable vocabulary for a toddler,
And so she, hurt and confused and just a little broken, picks and prods and pushes his buttons enough for his eyes to flare dangerously and he moves in, menacing and angry, so close that his breath flutters her lashes when he speaks,
He rakes her over. It’s impossible not to. Toni Stark, despite being a world-class nuisance, is beautiful in a way he’s never seen. Her legs are tanned and long and bare except for the bright red shorts and matching high heels. Her lips are painted a red and her hair, dark and wavy, barely brushes her breasts.
Today is one of those nights; Bruce is popping popcorn in the kitchen and Natasha is scanning through the films, eventually selecting The Hobbit and curling around Clint on the sofa, as they wait in silence for Bruce to come back with the several bowls of popcorn thanks to Thor and Steve’s metabolism.
“You haven’t listened to me for the past thirteen years Ms. Stark; I've resorted to other measures. Calling Ms. Potts is one of them.”
The walk in tense silence to the elevator and it's only when the doors close and Tony’s workshop is obscured from view that Steve realizes that he has no need to pretend that he doesn’t care.
Maria Stark’s hope did not extend to her daughter, precisely because Howard Stark had diminished any sign of it with belittlements of ‘worthless’ and ‘not enough’ and ‘do better’. It took two more years for Toni to conclude that her soulmate wasn’t yet to be born but dead.
She rubs her eyes, seeing stars in them, “Traitor, you call me out in front of everyone because I won’t listen to you.”
It's instinctive. It shouldn’t be, but it is; the way she immediately turns around and shouts, “Cap!” and pushes him away from the bullet that she cannot see, but knows is coming.
He doesn’t see Stark anywhere until he looks towards the row of cars and finds her toned legs peeking out from one of them.
“Right, Asgardians. Do Asgardians have babies? Did you like appear out of thin air or did you pop out of your mother or did someone magic you into existence?”
She doesn’t pull up her sleeve and move the bracelet to the side, there are too many people in the cafe they favour having brunch at and she doesn’t want to risk anyone snapping a photo of Toni Stark’s soulmark, allegedly red.
He’s shocked when the bot lets out a sound that could be passed for distress before rolling towards the other side of the lab and bringing her a set of thinner blue wires and happily chirping when its owner compliments it.
She abruptly turns and makes her way towards the large table in the middle of the room and he’s unsure of whether he should follow until she starts talking in a stream of jargon he doesn’t understand.
The admission loosens the tension out of Steve, and the remnants of sleep that he’s been chasing for the past few hours hits him in full force and he cannot control the yawn that forces its way up his throat.
And they’ve danced this dance many times before. This dance started with missiles and wormholes and worked its way towards flying with abandon in front of guns and crashing into magic barriers. They’ve danced the dance of Tony’s recklessness and running headfirst into danger and Steve has almost gotten used to the way his heart stops beating for a moment and his lungs seize unnaturally for a split second and his knees nearly give out.
The only good that comes out of her nearly dying is that she gets to create a new element, she sort of makes a friend in Natasha Romanoff and Pepper finally kisses Happy.
Instead, he gestures to the loose piece of metal scattered across the marble floor, “And breaking apart Thor’s pop tart heater is better than sleep.”
“That is correct Mr. Rogers, I manage every aspect of Mr. Stark’s life including when he is in the Iron Man suit.”
Without Tony Stark, the room feels empty, dead. As if the man had taken all the life in the room when he walked out and left Steve with this unbearable silence that reminds him too much of ice and cold and frozen.
He’s forced to walk into his floor and, as he’s watching the elevator doors close on Toni Stark, composed and uncaring, he thumbs his own mark.
He hesitates, but only for a moment, Sarah Rogers still present in the large part of him that is the sickly kid from Brooklyn, “Thank you, Jarvis.”
James Rhodes walks into the tower not a second later and offers her his arm and Steve knows that the feeling in the pits of his stomach would have been jealousy if he hadn’t seen
The last time he was stunned beyond words was when Peggy Carter had walked into a bar wearing a red dress, talking about dance partners and waiting for perfect people.
Sixty-five years ago, Steven Grant Rogers was born on the fourth of July with a closed fist and flailing legs and a capital
2012; He reckons that his soulmate was born sometime after he went down in the ice. He reckons that it's a good thing he never found her then, because there was a twenty-eight-year gap that he isn’t comfortable with but he still regrets putting his soulmate through the misery of red ink on their wrist.
“Bed,” he tells her sternly and she raises an eyebrow, relishing in the flush that creeps up his neck, “to sleep.”
The same Howard Stark who used to drop everything, her graduation and his anniversary, to get on a plane and go to the Arctic in search of Steve Rogers. The same Howard who forgot her birth date and the colour of her eyes but could recite something Steve Rogers had said fifty years ago.
“Sleep is for losers Stark,” Steve responds without looking up from where he’s drawing the ticks of hair that make up Tony’s goatee, the precise shape that’s precariously trimmed daily.
He looks towards Fury, who waits with his hands behind his back, still and patient, “Are we waiting on someone.”
She has to suppress the shudder that she feels in her spine and is disgusted at the want she feels in her stomach.
Steve follows Toni whose expertise is dealing with the press and as expected, she charms them with a painted smile and her theatrics that only amuse Steve instead of pissing him off, as it would have months ago.
The sound is faint and barely there and it would have been easy to ignore suppose the serum didn't run through his veins but the serum does and he can hear the soft pitter-patter of rain the way it used to when he was a kid and would fall asleep on Bucky’s shoulder waiting for his ma to come home.
All talk about soulmates ceases until the day she receives a phone call and Obie tells her that there was an accident and that her parents are dead. Her world stops spinning until after the funeral and she crashes and burns in the home that she barely lived in, and Obie’s there to pick up her broken pieces and stick her back together with the very little tools he has.
She mouths the words as if she’s supposed to know them and Fury helps her by supplying, “Captain America.”
But she takes it, because she’s not that much of a bitch to leave him hanging when there are clearly so many scrutinizing glares, and ignores the tug in her sternum and the warmth of Steve’s hand as it wraps around hers. She ignores the fact that she’s so badly in love with him and that the tug in her sternum and the acute awareness of the warmth wrapped around her hand is another side effect.
Tony waves him off but it comes off half-hearted and not anywhere near stubborn, “M’fine Capsicle. Find someone else to mother.”
Natasha holds him as he sinks to the floor and lets go of the tears he didn't realize he was repressing, “I love her, Nat.”
“I know you're my soulmate because I'm pretty sure that I'm in love with you but also because your name is on my wrist and I just thought you should know before I wake up without this uncharacteristic courage tomorrow morning.”
He’s angry and cold and hates everyone and everything but he’s a soldier so he does as he’s told and reads the files, gets acquainted with modern technology and attempts to breathe through the panic attacks.
All traces of sleep are gone as she makes her way into the lab and pours herself a drink, drowning it in one go and preparing to pour herself another glass before remembering her promise to Pepper and pulling up the schematics for the suit.
Steve, with a stubbornness that could rival Stark’s, persists, “You’re on the verge of collapsing Tony. Go to bed.”
She finishes off the remnants of her brunch before saying the words that she practiced in front of the mirror, repeating it until it stopped hurting, “He’s still not recovered from his time spent as a Capsicle, I’m not a hundred percent sure my name’s on his wrist, he’s just started to like me and I've decided that I don't need my soulmate to survive. I mean, I did pretty well all these years without one right?”
She looks at him the next morning as she walks out to go to work, standing there conversing with a little boy and signing his t-shirt and she ridicules herself for even hinting that Steve Rogers could be her soulmate.
They’re at a press conference, all six of them. She’s barely listening to the speaker as he drones about his concerns over what they’re plotting alone in her tower and his suggestion that she open the place to the public so that they can check up on them if the need arises. The whole thing is a bogus anyway; a half ditch effort at trying to increase public support by Fury.
Steve Rogers has decades worth of grief etched into his still-thawing heart and loss tattooed on his forehead but Tony Stark barged into his world with eyes that were life and hands that were creation and built and fixed and moved until his heart was thawed and the grief was gone and the loss didn't hurt.
The answer to Jarvis’ cryptic statement is clarified when he sees Toni Stark spinning in her chair, two empty bottles of whisky on the workshop floor. The bots are surrounding her, beeping in worry and Steve makes his way towards her slowly.
He can feel her tense up and shut down. The faceplate goes down and she’s addressing the crowd as she lifts from the ground,
“He’s created a formula that lowered his body temperature considerably. Toni’s sensors or Jarvis couldn’t detect his heat signature until he had his hand on the trigger.” The Doctor tells him with poorly restrained anger.
Clint snorts, “Thor, bud, you say all our battles were battles well fought. Even the ones where we get hurt.”
She’d told him, one night as he was sketching DUM-E and she was making updates on her suit that she had promised her PA and one of her best friends that she’d stop the excessive drinking. She’d bared a little part of her soul to him that day and Steve had found it addicting.
flares to life even though there is clearly no one but himself and his poor excuse for belongings in the elevator.
Rhodey chokes on his drink and Pepper, for the first time since she met her, after aliens and Iron Woman and palladium poisoning, looks shocked.
This time, it's Steve that surges forward and captures Tony’s lips, partly because he’s getting addicted and partly because he doesn’t know how to properly articulate his words to express the amount he feels for Tony and kissing him has to suffice.
She doesn’t realize that she’s smiling and staring until YOU knocks her on the legs and she clears her throat and instructs the bot to hold the Captain’s StarkPad.
She had to run off to the lab the next time she saw him because she kept hearing her dad’s voice in her head,
Steve balls his hands into fists and tries a go at the sandbag that seems to be allocated for him, judging by the blues and whites and ‘Capsicle’ written in big bold letters, “Jarvis, where can I get tape?”
She wonders if the universe is just playing a cruel joke on her; that one day she’ll see Steve’s wrist and it’ll be
“I dream about the cave,” Tony says before he can take another step, in a voice so soft and so vulnerable and Steve wants to move or do something but he can’t and so he just stays still.
(The boy from Brooklyn had made his appearance one night, what seems like eons ago, when he had snapped at Tony for ruining the film for everyone with his whispered jokes and unusual observations. The engineer had responded with a witty retort but remained silent for the remaining duration of the film. It wasn’t until Steve had asked a question the next time they had movie night that he realized that he actually enjoyed the fast rambles of Tony and his pacing mind.)
It takes the Avengers very little time to get used to living with each other. They’ve got the kind of shared trauma that binds them together regardless of space and time and they all ease into living in the same tower with surprising amounts of elegance, seamlessly fitting each other into their lives as if they have been doing it forever.
Toni and her best friend walk out the tower and the rest of them watch the movie with dinosaurs and scientists, but Steve finds himself missing the voice that would, around this time in the movie, pick out faults and errors and whisper to him how she would do things better. He finds himself thinking about red lips and green gowns and grease-stained hair and burnt shorts.
The same Howard Stark who would constantly remind her that she’s not enough, that she’s never going to be enough because she’s never going to be Steve Rogers; the same Steve Rogers who turns out to be some self-righteous, poster boy of a prick and it pisses her off; opens the wound that never really healed after her father inflicted it.
Toni rolls her eyes as she follows him into the elevator, “I’ll get you a better one. One that won’t break easily under all that strength from those.”
The notion has only considerably increased since she joined a team with supersoldiers and assassins and gods and men who spit out bullets. They are their own brand of strength, they exude the kind of lethal that comes with no weakness. They can carry trucks and get hit by cars and can anticipate an oncoming strike.
“So I guess the shower made me come clean.” Tony smirks. “Pun intended.” Steve groans and kisses his neck.
“Hi,” Tony can hear the smile in his voice. It’s awkward, for a moment, like neither of them know what to say. “Gosh, Tony. It’s so good to hear your voice.” Tony chuckles around the lump forming in his throat.
The morning comes and Tony and Steve decide to pick Peter up from Ned’s on their way home from the store.
“God, yes, please yes.” He's not close yet and he doesn't give a damn, wants Tony to keep biting him for as long as it takes, and Tony does, sucking bruises into his chest and the top of his shoulder, where nothing will be seen at all. He comes with Tony's teeth hot and sweet in his chest, shuddering into Tony's hand.
“I feel like we should talk about that,” Steve says, putting his hand over Tony's. “In a good way. That was really good. But we should talk about it.”
“Steve, please,” Tony whines. He was completely hard and Steve loved the fact that he was the only one who got to see him like this. He pretends not to hear Tony’s plea, and continued to brush his lips across the sensitive skin of Tony’s inner thighs. Goosebumps cover Tony’s body, and he blames it on the air conditioner against his still damp body. Tony squirms again when Steve stops his assault on Tony’s thighs. Steve smiles devilishly and licks the head of Tony’s dick, making the man cry out loudly.
“Yeah,” Tony replies, brokenly smiling and taking a deep breath, bracing himself as Steve gingerly slid into him.
“Sometimes, yeah,” Tony repeats, a nostalgic lilt to his voice. “That’s what I’ve been worried about.”
And Tony obeys, immediately, still holding the toy in place with one hand until Steve steps forward and takes it from him. It’s heavy in his hand, bigger than either of them, the girth wide enough that his thumb and middle finger barely touch around the circumference, and as he thrusts it a few inches deeper into Tony, the noise it prompts is fucking fantastic.
Deep breaths. This is fine, this is good, he doesn't have to climb all the way out of the hole. Tony is right here. He just has to find his balance. He nuzzles into Tony’s shoulder and pulls himself together.
“Is it time for Papa to be on the TV yet?” Peter asks as Tony gets his laptop hooked up to the HDMI cable.
“Yeah, baby. Yours too.” He swallows thickly, putting Morgan down in her crib. “Are you settled in okay?”
"Don't I get a little romance, first?" he asks, although his cock is already starting to stir. Tony hums an agreement and starts to slide up Steve's body, but he doesn't pull his head out of Steve's shirt to do it.
"C'mon, let's go get some breakfast. I'm starving." Tony says and shuts the water off. They dry off and dress around each other in casual conversation.
“Jesus Christ,” Steve mutters, sleep still edging in his vision. “You said your flight was on Tuesday.”
Tony clears his throat and Steve pauses mid pivot. When he finally faces him, Tony frowns. “Okay. You still look terrified. Have I turned into a ravening monster?”
“Oh,” Steve says, faintly, his voice a crackling mess. Tony is panting, dropping his head to nuzzle into Steve’s stomach, his hand shifting from Steve’s softening cock to spread over his ribs. “Tony?”
Steve somehow misses Tony at every venture on Wednesday, except at lunch, when he walks through the door to see an entire group of people gathered in a semi-circle around Tony as he explains something about thermonuclear physics, waving around half a turkey sandwich as he talks . He’s a bit perturbed, if he’s honest; Wednesday afternoons are their time. It’s the only day they get to eat lunch together. Steve doesn’t really say much when Tony sidles beside him as he tidies up in the kitchen once his study group is over. He just smiles while Tony playfully says something about Steve being barefoot in his kitchen.
“I thought you’d just accept it,” Tony grins sheepishly. “I forgot, actually. That I’d left so much stuff over there.”
“I love you.” Tony murmurs, kissing his husband chastely on the lips. Steve hums into the kiss, smiling at the words.
“Come for me, Tony.” He whispers as he brushes the very tip of his ring finger against his entrance, and Tony comes with a violent shout, clenching so hard around Steve that he feels it all the way up his hand. Steve works him through it, strokes him off until he’s twitching and flinches away, slides his fingers out and then the dildo after them.
Tony leads him into the bedroom, once he's steadier on his feet, and tells him “Strip.” He doesn't waste time, unbuttoning his shirt and tossing it towards the laundry basket, toeing off his socks and leaving his jeans on the floor where they fall. He stands naked by his bed, the air cool on his skin, while Tony strips out of his own clothes and settles comfortably with his back against the headboard. He beckons, and Steve  goes, pressing in close to kiss him and feel bare skin against his own. Tony grips the back of his neck, controlling the kiss. His other hand roams across Steve's chest, until he finds Steve's nipple and rolls it between his fingertips. Steve moans at the sensation, lightning arcing down his spine, and Tony doesn't stop, just keeps tugging and twisting until Steve is whimpering desperately into his mouth.
“Fuck, you look so good like this. Trying so hard to please me, on your knees for me...” and Steve  moans around Tony's cock because he is on his knees and he hadn't even realised. Tony's hips tremble with the effort of not bucking up into his mouth and Steve almost can't handle it, has to reach up with the hand that isn't wrapped around Tony and twine their fingers together, trying to convey how cared for he feels. He tries to take Tony deeper, easing down until he starts to choke and backing off again. Tony is panting, broken little noises interspersed with “oh fuck, fuck, Steve, fuck,” until his hand tightens in Steve's hair and he says clearly,
Antoinette Edelle Stark was born May 29, 1983, with a full head of dark hair, her father’s brown eyes, and a delicate red
She flings the phone and it hits the wall, crumbling into pieces and Steve doesn’t stop to wonder why she somehow manages to get on his nerves unlike any other, “That was expensive.”
before it's gone and Tony, with bright eyes, auburn and gold and everything in between, smiles a smile that Steve will be content seeing every day for the rest of his life and says, “I know.”
Thor smiles at her sadly, “Some Asgardians have the same name on both wrists. They cover it up with jewellery like you, Banner and the Captain do. Why do you cover it up anyway?”
He stares up at the ceiling then, listening to this voice that was created by a man once known as the Merchant of Death; this voice, this artificial
“Next time we’d better pack more food then.” Tony mumbles, as though an absent thought as he stands back up to scout the room again.
She sets the sketches down on top of the rest of her papers, carefully stacked for her to pick up and take back to her office with her. Jim lets out a squawk of protest when he sees the image, eyes going comically wide.
Thanks to everyone who has been here for the ride. The comments and support have been amazing. Sap and I have both really appreciated the love that has been shown to this story, even when it’s been a bit rough. And there were a lot of rough moments in this story. And there will be more in the next, as I’m sure you can imagine.
“Are you comfortable?” Tony asks softly, voice barely above a whisper, just filling the scant space between them.
Steve did have to admit, he had been expecting more jungle expeditions, like in the Marvels magazines, than trekking through the Canadian wilderness.
“Think Pepper will let me put this in the magazine?” Jim asks, angling the sketchbook back towards himself again. “I think this will sell copies for sure.”
Some days he catches himself going to talk to Anthony, only to get silence in response. Steve looks at him with a pinched expression of grief, like he’s getting the ache and the silence second hand through Tony, even though he never saw or heard Anthony.
He dreads the thought of having nearly a month more of it to go. It’s a struggle to imagine anything worse than he currently feels, but he has no doubt that it’ll happen.
Steve wasn’t meant to fall in love with him, though Tony knew he had little chance of not falling in love himself. But knowing Steve loves him made things tricky. Because when asked to choose between himself and Anthony, he’d choose his son without hesitation.
It’s months later, six almost to the day, that it really hits him. Six months of silences and empty spaces, of missing Anthony, when it really, finally sinks in. Despite knowing for months, despite the scans, the doctors appointments, the images that Steve stuck to the fridge with magnets, tucked into the edge of the mirror frame in the bedroom, left lying out on the coffee table.
We’ll see you all for part three of this series. Not sure when that’ll happen, haven’t written a whole lot for it yet, but it will happen.
Jim sets more wood on the fire as Steve cleans up the remnants of their meal and Tony unpacks the bedrolls attached to each of their packs. There’s extra wool blankets and a faded, worn patchwork quilt folded away on a shelf above the single bed in the room, which Tony divides up, helping Jim move the chair closer to the fire and make it as comfortable as possible.
“Mostly done,” Steve admits, carefully tugging the sketch of a sleeping Jim and the illustration of the artifact free from his sketchbook and holding them up for Tony to take. “Still got a few more to work on for Pepper to pick through, but I think these two definitely should go in the next issue.”
It really hits him when he watches Steve get out of bed one morning, nearly six months later, and pulls on a white shirt like he does every morning. The white fabric stretches over his shoulders, over his biceps, comes just short of meeting his briefs. It’s when he turns ever so slightly and Tony’s eyes fall on the way the white fabric stretches over Steve’s stomach, clings to the gentle curve that’s replaced his once toned abs.
Steve mirrors his actions, tucking his boots out of the way and taking his socks off to air out overnight, swapping them for a clean pair from his pack. He quickly takes off his jacket, sweater, shirt and trousers, hastily folding them and setting them on top of his pack, leaving him wearing only his long underwear that he rapidly feels the cold air start to creep through. Flicking back the blankets on top of the bed, Steve crawls onto the mattress, wriggling his way over towards the wall. Once he’s settled on the mattress as far over as he can get, Steve tucks the blankets carefully underneath him on the wall side, hoping to keep out the draughts of cold air.
Fury doesn’t have time for Toni Stark’s antics, not today, “Ms. Stark, if I can have your attention today.”
As Tony slowly makes his rapid descend, Steve calls out his name and the faceplate opens up to a curious but impatient face, “Cap?”
“DUM-E, I built him when I was sixteen. I was bored and a little lonely and I needed a helper bot so I got drunk and built him.”
In the end, it takes nearly losing Tony for him to realize it. They’re called to assemble when large flying insects start breaking things in Manhattan. Steve assigns himself, Clint and Natasha to herd the people into a safe space while the Hulk, Tony and Thor try and contain the enormous mantis-like creatures that serve no bigger purpose than destruction.
She bids everyone goodnight and if her eyes linger on the Captain, taking note of the small smile that is, for the first time, directed at her, if she feels something stir in her stomach, then it's only because she’s tired.
The pencil is on paper before he can consciously rethink his action, the strokes becoming an entity of their own. It's well into the morning when he’s done but he deems it worth the effort because he’s afraid that he’d forget the way Toni looked in her sleep.
She eats the meal right there; in the foyer between her tower and workshop and returns to Hawkeye’s arrows shortly after. She blames Rogers and his stupid pot pie for the wirings in the arrow to burst and give her the kind of burn that would cause complications if she doesn’t treat it right away.
And only she, while in the middle of a very hot makeout session with her soulmate who just happens to be Captain America, could let out an incredibly unflattering yawn that causes Steve to chuckle against her mouth and put her down.
“I chose to get you, Tony,” The syllables of his name rolls off his tongue smoothly, as if this isn’t one of the very first times he’s saying it, “I was worried. We all were. You hadn’t come up for a long time and we just wanted you to eat. You need to take care of yourself, Tony.”
He can feel the beginnings of a blush rise, not at what he hopes is the harmless teasing, but at the nature of his thoughts prior, he rubs the back of his neck where the heat is building up, “Sorry.”
He falls asleep in Tony’s lab, on the couch that he’s taken to sketching on more times than he can count, so much that his blanket is thrown over the edge and a table with his pencils and colours are tucked into the corner. He’s sketching the curve of DUM-E’s head when the familiar whirring of Tony’s tools and the rhythmic conversation with Jarvis lulls him to sleep.
Peggy Carter doesn’t care about the black ink on her wrist. Peggy Carter doesn’t want to wait for the universe to assign her a perfect match; Peggy Carter makes her own choices.
She keeps her eyes trained on him even as she feels the familiar feeling of the darkness grabbing in her a chokehold grip. Perhaps she should have accounted better for the weakness that was her heart. Perhaps love is this burning feeling that settles into her every vein and induces screams she cannot scream, breaths she cannot breathe.
Bruce is waiting outside the interrogation room in the SHIELD facility, his hands are nearly white at the tight grip he has on the chair and Steve’s reminded of another person who’s had the pleasure of getting sucked into Toni Stark’s orbit.
They fall into bed, his arms wrapped around her waist, her head pillowed into his chest as one of his fingers gently brush across her newly acquired stitches.
Blames his soulmate for dying and making his life miserable. Blames his soulmate for marking his wrist with red. Blames his soulmate because he has no one left to blame and nothing left to lose.
She looks at him through narrowed eyes before smiling challengingly, “Don’t remember you being my daddy Rogers,” she puts the second leg up on the table, her gaze daunting, “What? You gonna knock them off?”
“This is a disgrace,” They hear Clint say when they show him their felon over the Quinjet’s HUD, “I bled because of
His hair is a tousled mess, sticking at odd corners and Steve’s hands itch to simultaneously arrange it back into place and mess it up even more. The same sentiment goes to the smudge of what looks like engine oil slashing across the mechanic’s cheeks and the stream of grease staining his arms.
Some nights are harder than others. Some nights, he’s back in the ice, cold water splashing through his lungs and Peggy’s voice crying out his name. Some nights, he’s back on top the train watching Bucky fall, his fingers just briefly brushing his best friend’s. Some nights it's Natasha, or Bruce or Clint or Thor. Most nights, it Tony.
Before Tony can articulate an entertaining, but probably inappropriate response, Steve interrupts, “If you have work to do, I'm sure I can do this on my own. I don't mean to create problems.”
The robot whirrs almost sadly and its claws point towards Steve, causing his lips to tick up at the apologetic manner in which the robot, Dum-e, moves around him. Steve pets the claw and is surprised to hear a series of happy beeps as a return.
He saves Bucky and a little piece of his heart fixes back together again. He finds Bucky and feels less like Captain America and more like Steve Rogers. Bucky’s the only person that understands Steve; the only other person Steve knows with a red letter on his wrist, the crimson
“Steve, get your shit together,” Natasha nearly growls but there’s something so tender in her eyes as she holds his hands – the hands that are stained with Toni’s blood – and he heaves out a sob.
He’s picked out Jurassic Park, a movie about dinosaurs that no one but Bruce has seen and one he’s sure Toni would love to critique, as she does all movies that deem themselves futuristic. He loved listening to her rather than the movie when they watched the Hunger Games and she had picked apart all the ways in which the arena wouldn’t have succeeded as it did in the movie.
“I am JARVIS, Mr. Stark’s AI. I have been directed to inform you that we will be making our way to the fiftieth floor where you will meet Sir.”
When Toni shows Pepper the red ink on her wrist, the PA simply looks at her with sympathy Toni doesn’t want, kisses the top of her head and tells her to take a shower and go to bed because she’s drunk.
And the nightmares don’t stop but when he wakes, it's to the sound of rain that reminds him of the good he had in his past life and the red and gold that’s supposed to remind him of sunset, according to Jarvis, but just reminds him of Tony. The nightmares don't stop but he wakes to the sound of his ma and the colours of Tony and he falls back asleep much easier.
His hasty paces stutter to a stop in front of the glass walls that separate him and Tony and he feels the cold start to seep out of his bones and the silence filter into noise when he sees Tony sitting up on the bed, a golden dog snoozing at his feet and the room covered in bright blue holograms that surround him.
He doesn’t get to hear Natasha tell Bruce to walk it off, to calm down, to check on Toni. He’s ripping apart the hinges on the door and when he sees the man, calmly sitting on a chair in the room while Toni is motionless and still, he sees red.
Steve nods curtly and then walks into the living room, finding the black Moleskine and the pencil from where he previously left it, before making his way to sit on the kitchen island, sending a small smile to Tony who looks at him curiously before scratching a thin line of black on white.
He nods and smiles at her with an expression so close to fondness, she has to push down the hope that threatens to seep into her chest.
It's all tongues and teeth and the kind of clashing and coming together that is so familiar and he doesn’t know how much time has passed until one of them pulls away and Steve opens his eyes and feels Tony’s hair through his fingers and his shirt bunched under Tony’s fists and he leans forward to rest his head on Tony’s and mirrors his smile.
But then he looks at her as if he’s seeing the sun for the first time, and she watches the fear disappear and replace itself with something she cannot name, “I would hope you think so. Because you’re definitely mine.”
Natasha sounds frustrated as her fingers fly across the keyboard with precise but hasty clicks, “A dog. Iron Man, there is one life form and it's a dog.”
Tony’s voice filters through their comms and something painful tugs in Steve’s chest, “I'm reading life signs.”
Usually, she’d be uncomfortable talking about soul marks. Usually, she’d walk away, deflecting with a joke or turning the conversation around. Today, she’s curious. She had also wondered about the extra mark on Thor’s wrist, the extra set of letters on his left wrist.
Steve huffs out a laugh, mostly to himself, “Only you would be able to build a fully functioning robot when inebriated.”
“Ma’am,” JARVIS’ voice is riddled with urgency and it makes her stop in her tracks and her blood run just a little cold, “There’s a bullet headed for Captain Rogers’ way.”
His eyes burn bright under the lights and his hands move in the air with quick precise movements; breaking apart the holograms and putting them back together, shaping and moulding and creating something better because that’s what Tony is – a creator – and Steve loves him so goddamn much and his legs give out under the weight of the revelation.
He knows what he has to do and is surprised when it hurts just a little. Surprised that even though he’s lost his mother, lost Bucky, lost his soulmate, he doesn’t want to leave the mess that’s his life. Surprised that he wants to stay just a little longer, go on a date with Peggy, get drinks with Howard, thank the squad.
“No. Well, not at the moment, at least." He says snuggling closer. "Besides, I’m never bored with you.” Steve says nuzzling into Tony’s neck. The man blushes and turns to capture Steve’s lips in a kiss.
It's his turn to pick a movie this week. He’s told Jarvis to remove the films that are popular enough for the rest of them to have watched them previously. They’ve told him that they don't mind re-watching certain movies but he wants everyone to experience the same sort of excitement he does every week when they put on a new film.
Mark One gives her the thrill, the kind of adrenaline she hadn’t received since the first time she heard JARVIS come online and call her Ma’am. She destroys her weapons and saves herself before Rhodey finds her. She stops making weapons and becomes Iron Woman and for the first time, the red on her wrist is inconsequential compared to the mission.
“Right,” She didn’t sound like she believed him. “anyway, since we’ve got you here, might as well get this over with. Even if it is in the middle of the night.” Steve highly doubted that the captain would feel the same way. Regardless, Steve sat on the floor rather than the offered chair, and sighed, his back against the cold wall.
Minus the fact that he couldn’t breathe that is. Steve swam underneath Bucky, quickly yanking his friend back into the water as he himself skyrocketed to the surface of the water. As soon as he broke the surface the noise surged back at him with a new vengeance. His head throbbed, and he wondered briefly if the party had been that loud the entire time.
But he does. Steve worries about Tony so much its seems too unhealthy, too obsessive. He pretends he doesn’t, but Steve sees the too long hours Tony puts on new widow bites for Natasha, or a new shield for him. Steve knows that Tony is the one that receives the fallout from a mission gone wrong or has to calm the public when the Hulk smashes an extra building. Steve knows that Tony carries the weight of the world on his shoulder and hides it with sass and snark and Steve cannot do anything but worry, and discretely add an extra set of hands and make sure Tony’s eating and sleeping.
For some reason, Peggy Carter chooses Steve. Steve, with a hole in his heart and red on his wrist, throws caution to the wind and allows himself to fall for the woman who bends soldiers with her will and inspires Generals with her tenacity.
The name falls off his lips involuntarily and he doesn’t realize his eyes are closed until his voice fills the silence, throaty and ragged, “Jarvis?”
She likes to think that wanting to push people’s buttons, wanting to poke and prod until she knows their ticks and what makes them run is part of what makes her such a brilliant engineer.
She misses the soulmate she’s never met for the first time that day. Wishes the world took some pity on her and didn't kill off the one person that would have loved her unconditionally.
“Steve,” Natasha calls his name again and he forces himself to snap his eyes open, not expecting murder to stare back.
Despite being the recipient of an insult, the bot whirrs happily to Tony, and Steve doesn’t miss the fond glint in the inventor’s eyes, the almost fatherly pride at the robot.
“You have to assess the situation, for god’s sake Toni. That was reckless and so, so stupid and did you even think about what would have happened if the bullet hit you a little –”
It entices a small laugh from him and she rests her forearms on the balcony, twitching for a drink in her hands, “Can’t sleep?”
Bruce and her still blow stuff up in the lab and Natasha and Clint drag her to fight clubs she honestly shouldn’t be seen in and Thor forces her to teach him more about tech to impress Jane so really, the only person she’s ignoring is Steve.
“Steve. We’re hungry. You can flirt with Tony some other time.” Clint yells from the kitchen and the two of them become acutely aware of the situation.
And then Steve Rogers is there and he’s speaking absolute bullshit about wars and soldiers and nothing really resonates apart from that and then she’s in his face spitting out with more vehement than she should muster up, “I am not a soldier Rogers. None of us are.”
He remembers barely being able to afford bread and having to steal medicine for his mother because the very little money that he had went to keeping a roof on top their heads and keeping the water coming. It makes him just a little angry, seeing Toni Stark wearing her lavish clothing in the tower she really doesn’t need, throwing the phone as if it doesn’t mean anything; as if it weren’t made from the kind of money Steve would have killed to have as a kid.
Tony waves him away in customary disinterest, opting to refocus his attention back to the hologram that Steve knows for sure is an arm, “No harm right. You draw the short end of the stick?”
Her father, after ushering the people out the house with the charisma he’s somehow managed to hold onto, throws the circuit board at the wall and Toni watches with repressed fear and aching sadness as her work crumbles down to its basic pieces.
Obie stays by her side when she takes over Stark Industries and brings Pepper into her life; organized, whip-smart Pepper who doesn’t take any of her shit and forces her out of bed and into meetings unlike any other.
They say grief is blinding. They say that loss sucks out the light from the world. And Steve Rogers – well, Steve Rogers has decades worth of grief etched into his still-thawing heart and loss tattooed on his forehead. Closing his eyes for a second too long means he’s back in the Valkyrie, falling into the cold, and opening them means he’s stuck in this world; this world of uncaring people and tall buildings and bright lights.
“How about you take your tablet and join me downstairs? I’d love the company and you can catch up on I Love Lucy instead of staring forlornly at the sky. I mean, come on Rogers, there are too many city lights for you to see stars. What are you even looking at?”
The Avengers start eating together after that; occasionally going down to Tony’s lab if the engineer doesn’t come up within half an hour. So far, only Natasha and Bruce have had to drag Tony out of his work stupor; normally – or maybe abnormally – Tony has managed to make it to meals in time, even staying behind to fill the silence when Steve’s washing dishes before retreating back into his cave.
She’s got grease stains on her face and hair and she’s wearing a tank top that looks like its seen better days and shorts that are stained and burnt. Her hair is thrown up in a dishevelled bun that is minutes away from falling apart but she looks so peaceful; comfortable enough to drown out the entire world as she builds and creates and fixes.
She pokes his biceps with her finger, the nail cut extremely short and the red paint chipping in various places, and he feels something electric travel through his veins and he wonders if the reason she pulled back as if she was burnt was because she felt it too.
“To some extent, yes. My primary purpose is to my creator and my only priority is keeping Sir safe.”
“Jarvis, did you buy me these?” He’s still a little self-conscious about the manner in which he should talk to the AI.
He doesn’t notice the whirring robot until it, with just an arm and a long pole as a body, rolls towards Stark, handing her a bunch of red wires that cause the engineer to narrow her eyes at the bot, “Very funny, will we be laughing when I dismantle you and put you in the incinerator.”
Steve, however, needs a minute to completely come to terms with the strange pounding in his chest and euphoric dance in his mind.
His defences go up like steel bars when the room lights up in a dim colour that’s a cross between red and gold and although a part of him appreciates the escape from the darkness, he still unscrambles his brain to reach for his Starkphone to call for an assemble when Jarvis’ voice filters through the speaker system Tony set up, “Lullaby Protocol Engaged.”
Rhodey looks at the two girls for a moment and it takes him a long while, long enough for Toni and Pepper to move onto talking about shoes and lipstick, to figure out that the reason why Toni is so sure that her soulmate is Steve Rogers is because she’s fallen for him.
And so nothing makes sense to Steve until the world erupts a split second after the building falls and there’s a loud roar that is the Hulk and Natasha is spitting expletives through the comms and the Hellicarrier is moving faster than it should and Steve’s vision goes white because he’s sure his asthma is back and his asthma isn’t supposed to be back because the serum cured it and
Besides, everything –everyone – he likes in this century resides in the large building that shoots above all of Manhattan; Bruce Banner, Natasha Romanoff, Clint Barton, Thor Odinson.
The movie starts and she wants to hit herself for being so pathetic; the soulmate mark doesn’t matter. Whoever’s name is written on her wrist, it won’t matter.
They’re moving closer to his floor and she rolls her eyes before dropping her hands, “Stands for shithead, that’s what this is. The universe fucked me over.”
“Thor,” Natasha calls for the God who’s playing with a Rubik’s cube, “Why do you have two soul marks?”
She doesn’t want to admit that part of it, part of the insults and sarcasm and striking jokes have nothing to do with her engineer of a self and has much to do with the fact that she’s Howard Stark’s daughter.
He’s the last to take her up on her offer, arriving at Stark Tower a week later, carrying the one duffle bag he has, filled with a couple of T-Shirts, his uniform, the suit and his compass. He’s surprised to see Stark home, and he shuffles awkwardly before clearing his throat when the engineer is engrossed in her tablet, wearing one of her many impeccable suits.
