He pees for probably a full minute —
misses a date with Steve. It’s something his dad does to his mom, which Tony hates, so he tries really hard to be on time to every date and remember every anniversary and holiday for Steve.
Anyway, his classes are pretty boring. Which is why when his phone buzzes during hour two of his lecture, Tony doesn’t hesitate to pick it up. Everyone else is scribbling down notes furiously, hands shooting up to ask questions, but Tony learned this when he was fourteen. He just needs the degree to say he’s qualified so he can get a job, because there is absolutely no way he wants to work for his dad.
Steve gets the door open and they go inside, and Steve flinches at the sight of the closed bathroom door. He thanks his past self for closing it, at least, so he doesn’t have to see the toilet.
“Wait, don’t leave,” Steve begs, eyes wide and so blue. Tony nearly falls to his knees for Steve then and there; he would do anything for him. “Please don’t leave me.”
Tony just looks at him. He’s standing in Steve’s tiny bedroom; arms crossed, hair sticking up, and still shirtless from the night before. He’s got a purple hickey on his right collarbone, and a couple of light, finger-shaped bruises on his left hip from where Steve held on just a little too tight. Steve is utterly, irrevocably in love with him.
Steve flushes directly after saying that, thinking about Tony coming over anytime, getting naked in Steve’s tiny bathroom, just a few feet away.
Finally, Steve’s expression changes. His face crumples in a grimace and he hunches in on himself, sucking in a sharp breath. His hand flies down to his crotch to give it a firm squeeze.
Steve is about to say no, he really is, but then his bladder clenches and he’s the one who has to squeeze himself, making a noise in the back of his throat. “Yes. Okay. Fine.”
He starts to notice other things, now that he sees the tapping leg. Steve has an empty cup from the small store right next to the library. It’s the biggest size, probably 40 ounces or something absurd like that. Steve is super ripped, and he works out every morning, even if it's just a jog. Which means his fluid intake is an insane amount, probably. So he has the super size cup, and it’s
It goes like that for awhile, Steve face-fucking him, finally thrusting his hips along with it when he sees that Tony wants it like that. Tony decides to change it up a little, though, and pulls off. He ignores Steve’s whine, and leans down a little to suck one of his balls into his mouth. Steve groans lowly at that, especially when Tony uses his hand to circle around the head of his dick and stroke short and sharp.
Steve comes back enough to get himself out of the shower and towel off. They get dressed; Tony puts on some of Steve’s clothes because he wants to feel comfy and he loves stealing Steve’s shirts. Once they’re clothed, Steve spins Tony around to face him and kisses him.
This piss comes out of him in a faint trickle that quickly grows into a forceful stream as he relaxes. The stress bleeds out of him so suddenly that he has to fumble his free hand to the wall in front of him to help hold himself up. And, thank god, just as he finishes, he hears a knock at the door. He opens it to see Tony’s smiling face, also relaxed and relieved.
“Mmm, it
“I can’t p-p-piss when other people are around,” Steve admits in a tiny voice. He’s got a handle on his bladder now, he’s not leaking, but he’s still desperate. Now he’s desperate and wet and embarrassed and terrified, though, and this is the worst day of his life. Worse, even, than the time Bucky found him crying on the floor of the bathroom the first time he tried to sleepover at his house, covered in urine. Because Bucky had somehow stuck by him, even after that incident repeated itself several times, and he helped Steve with his issue. Tony, however, is definitely going to leave Steve for this. There is no way-
“Okay, here’s what I want you to do, babe,” Tony says, already imagining Steve doing the things in his mind before saying them. “I want you to start slow, okay? Just start with trailing your fingers over your nipples. I’ll do the same, and you can picture me, if you want to.”
“Are you okay?” Tony asked. “If this is too much-“
They head back to Steve’s dorm even though it’s a farther walk. Tony can feel his bladder pounding is his abdomen with every step and he’s convinced that this is the most desperate he has ever been. But then again, he thinks that every time he has to pee really bad.
“Sorry,” Tony mumbles.
Steve’s still peeing in tiny amounts, but it’s coming quicker now, so Tony keeps kissing him. He makes the kiss even dirtier, and presses his body closer until they’re sliding together deliciously under the warm water from the shower. He just hopes Steve doesn’t get hard from this, or he’ll really be unable to pee.
Anyway, they talk for awhile, but again, they’re already on the bed together. So it’s really just expected that they end up furiously making out. Tony’s still worked up from watching Steve in the library, and they’re both young adults, they have very high libidos. They keep the clothes on, at least, and hands above the waist for awhile. But they’re kissing messily, and Tony’s hand is trailing lower and lower down Steve’s chest when Steve suddenly pulls away.
So Tony strips, too, and steps into the shower with Steve. He lets Steve lean against him, even though Steve is a considerable bit heavier than he is. He listens to Steve’s ragged breathing and waits for his pain and desperation to be relieved. He’s never felt so helpless.
“Right, well... well, I’m just going to run down the hall then. Brucie lives a floor below you and he has an extra toothbrush for when he drags me out of the lab too late and can’t be bothered to walk me back to my own dorm. And I don’t really want to go two nights in a row without brushing my teeth,” Tony says quickly, already heading for Steve’s door. Steve wants to tell him to stay, but he can’t, really, so he lets him go. He doesn’t mention the fact that he knows Tony borrowed his toothbrush just this morning.
“Yeah, of course,” Steve says. “Just send Ma your favorite foods, and she’ll make ‘em. It’ll be you, me, her, and the Barnes family.”
“Good thing we’re almost there,” Tony says once they’re seated. “I could go for a piss and I can’t wait to be off these uncomfortable seats.”
“Hey, Tony,” Steve’s voice is a little shaky. “How - How are you?”
“Not yet,” Steve admits. “I don’t see her until Tuesday, so I’ll tell her then. She’s been telling me to open up about it to Tony, though.”
“Did you want to sleep here, or not?” Steve laughs quietly, still out of breath.
They curl up in bed together afterwards, and Steve finds it’s perfect, even with his little interruption. Tony still snuggles into his chest, and Steve still gets to see his expression go soft with sleep. So it all turns out okay in the end.
Steve finally finishes peeing, and immediately gets hard, because,
“That’s, well, that’s different. That’s a different way to look at things,” Steve says, and he can’t ignore the way his dick is blindingly hard now and Tony had stopped touching it awhile ago. “I think I might, y’know, like it too. Being desperate for you. It’s different.”
“Don’t apologize,” Tony says softly. He tilts Steve’s head up from where it was hidden in Tony’s shoulder so they can look into each other’s eyes. “I love you. I don’t want you to be in pain. This doesn’t bother me. Go, if you can.”
Tony hums a little, pressing down harder, and Steve manages to unclench enough to let a spurt out. He immediately clenches back up at the sound, but Tony’s already murmuring reassurances.
“Sorry, I’m sorry, you don’t have to,” Tony says, cheeks red. “I know some people don’t like it, find it disgusting, whatever.”
Which means Steve
“Do we need to stop?” Tony asks.
“I’m not invited to Christmas,” Tony says eventually, after several more moments of silence. His voice is carefully detached, like he’s speaking about someone else. “Apparently I’m too much of an embarrassment to Father’s friends, and I’ll have to stay on campus or make other plans. Mother didn’t even bother apologizing for him this time.”
“Oh my god,” Steve mumbles, collapsing back against the bed. Tony grins. He looks well and truly fucked out. “That was amazing. I don’t know what I did to deserve that.”
After a few rounds, Steve is shifting from foot to foot, jostling himself and Tony. He’s long since finished his beer, and he can feel it adding to the strain in his bladder. He’s chewing his lip, debating on going to try to use the bathroom, considering the back of the house is pretty quiet and they’re making plenty of noise out here. But then Tony is there, dragging a hand up his side.
Eventually, they have to wrap it up when the lab closes, and Bucky and Sam head back to their dorm. Tony follows Steve back to his dorm, not saying a word about the fact that Steve clearly needs to pee, and soon.
“I’m - I’m not wearing pants,” Steve says. “I’m naked.”
Steve grins as Tony starts taking off his pajamas and changing into real clothes. He puts on his own pants from yesterday, but he pulls on one of Steve’s t-shirts. “Me too. I love you, Tony.”
“So do you,” Steve accuses, but his voice is weak.
“Hello?” He breathes.
Steve tucks his head down in shame, and he can feel his body shaking. To make it worse, as he’s standing there, a spurt of piss leaves him. There’s no way to hide it while he’s naked and it trickles down his leg all the way to the floor. He wants to disappear.
Tony blinks, and then rolls off Steve so he can get up. But Steve pauses before walking away. He’s swaying from foot to foot, unable to help the little movement, and Tony’s eyes are glued to him.
Steve regrets his choice as soon as he steps into Tony’s dorm room, with the heaviness in his lower abdomen, but he ignores all that. Instead, he focuses on Tony, who has pounced on him. They haven’t seen each other in a few days, and they’re both healthy, young men. Which means as soon as they’re alone, they jump at the chance for sex. Tony’s all over him the second they’re in the room, and they fall onto the bed together, furiously making out.
Tony makes a noise of complaint as he climbs off Steve, but heads to the bathroom as directed. Steve takes a moment to make sure his legs will hold him up before standing, legs shaky after such an amazing orgasm. He takes a step towards the bathroom and -
where I can’t pee in front of other people or even when they’re in ear shot, so I cannot function unless I have a private bathroom all to myself.’ Because then everyone would know he’s some kind of freak, and would avoid talking to him anymore. And he especially can’t say anything about it to Tony, because, well, he likes Tony. He likes Tony probably too much and now they’re finally,
Everyone is tired from traveling, so they go to bed pretty early. Now, Steve is really hurting, he has to go
Steve hasn’t been to the bathroom since this morning.
“No, no... can you go stand by the door? And - turn around, please,” he requests. Steve can feel that his face is red hot with embarrassment, but Tony follows his directions.
“Shit,
“Wait!” Steve says. “Can you... stay? What if someone walks in?”
Steve feels his cheeks flush, but he doesn’t answer. He figures Tony is just half-asleep and not deliberately being mean, especially when Tony’s eyes snap back open, and he quickly apologizes.
Steve flushes at the words, but he nods. Because he’s proud of himself, too.
“Of course, Snowflake.” Tony gives him a dazzling smile and Bucky just scowls.
Tony wrinkles his nose. “Fuck, I hope not. Look, I see campus! Hurry up guys, or I promise I will be the first case of someone dying from a bursting bladder.”
Tony leads them back into his room, and back into bed. Steve is still a little curious as to what got Tony so worked up, but he trusts his boyfriend to tell him one day if it’s anything important. Or he’d just find out.
“Come to my house,” Steve says quietly, earnestly. “My mom already loves you.”
“I told Tony,” Steve says, nudging Bucky lightly. “I told him...
“The Barnes, yes I know, and I do,” his ma reassures. “But it’s not the same as having you home, Stevie.”
But Steve has to pee, too, and probably a lot more than Tony does since he’s been holding it all day again. Like always. But, unlike Tony, there’s no clear end for him in sight.
Tony’s eyes widen, and before he knows it, he’s over by Steve, rubbing his back comfortingly. “Why? What’s... what’s wrong? Why can’t you...?”
Steve moans again, and Tony’s cock twitches in his hand at the sound. “I wish I’d been able to stay, Tony.”
“I’m fine,” Steve said quickly. “Tony, I love you. I want you here.”
“What are you doing?” Tony asks, already half inside the bathroom, shifting his weight desperately. “What’s wrong?”
He has barely enough coherent thought to remember Steve in the next room, and hopes like hell Steve can’t tell he’s stopped moving outside the door even though the whole point is for Tony to get out of range.
Well, except...
“Yeah, but...” Steve is turning red, he can feel his cheeks heating. “She could tell I liked you. And she told me she approved.”
“Really good, huh?” Tony repeats, eyes dark with intent. His fingers drag lightly across Steve’s hips, dancing across the bump of his bladder. But he doesn’t say anything. “Let’s go watch them play the game.”
Tony squirms on Steve’s bed, and debates using his bathroom. But he feels bad making Steve listen to him go, knowing he can’t just go after Tony’s done, he’ll have to wait until Tony leaves.
“What?” Tony pulls back, and Steve can feel his pulse throbbing between his legs and through the mark on his collarbone that he’s sure is darker than the one he left on Tony’s neck.
“Oh god, holy hell, Steve,” Tony babbles, effectively distracting him. “Honey, you’re so good at this. You feel so good.”
He really should have noticed this sooner; it’s kind of obvious. Steve can’t use public restrooms, and therefore he waits until he gets back to his dorm every night, so of course it would follow that every night he’s nursing a full bladder. But no matter how obvious and simple it is, Tony still gets smacked in the face by it every time Steve wiggles or squirms or
been this turned on before in his
Even as he says it, he realizes it’s true. He remembers Tony’s eyes on him earlier, and the way it felt like fire skating across his skin, flames of desire burning within him. And... Steve doesn’t mind. Surprisingly, this may be the one piss-related thing that he’s on board with. The thought of someone knowing he has to pee, or hearing him pee, or seeing him pee makes him freeze up with anxiety, but the thought of Tony watching him, knowing he has to pee, and he’s
Eventually, Tony runs out of things to talk about. Even he has a limit. And he’s still not happy with the small bursts of liquid coming out of Steve; he wants Steve to feel the relief that comes from a steady stream. So he tries a different tactic. He kisses Steve. He keeps it slow and sensual at first, feeling Steve melt against him. Then, once Steve is as relaxed as he can be with a full-to-the-brim bladder, Tony deepens the kiss to something with a little more heat behind it. Steve moans into his mouth, and Tony smiles into the kiss. His smile widens when he feels a couple of quick jets of wet heat run down his leg.
“Jesus, Tony!” Steve immediately yelps, hands threading in Tony’s hair. “A-A little w-warning, maybe, next time?”
He stares down at his pants as a wet stain appears around his hands, spreading quickly. He imagines the pee soaking into the bed under him, and stands in a panic. The new position only causes more pee to come out, and Steve doesn’t even realize he’s sobbing now. He’s really and truly panicking, trying to think of anything to stop this situation he’s found himself in. The door to the bathroom opens, and Steve has a moment to think, ‘
Tony types back.
“We’ll be there in a couple hours,” Tony says, trying to be comforting, but they both know there’s little comfort in that.
They get back to Steve’s dorm and they’re already making out before the door closes behind them. They’re a little tipsy from the few beers they’d had at Tony’s friend’s party. Steve backs them up until he feels the bed behind his legs, sitting back onto it and dragging Tony with him. Tony hops right on his lap without hesitation, pushing Steve back until Steve’s laying down with his legs still dangling off the edge of the bed and Tony’s straddling his waist. From there, the make out gets even more heated. Steve breaks away from Tony to latch his mouth on his boyfriend’s neck instead, and Tony lets out a low moan and rocks his hips in response. His ass is positioned deliciously on top of Steve’s crotch, and Steve is straining in his jeans already, desperate for more touch. His hands skitter off of Tony’s shoulders and down towards his hips and finally to his ass, squeezing and delighting in the gasp Tony makes.
Yeah, Tony would love that, if he doesn’t come in his pants soon. Steve looks fully desperate, unable to help little squirms, and his fists keep clenching the bedspread under him every so often, his legs going tight together.
Steve tries by himself at first, but after a few minutes of nothing, Tony comes in and stands behind him, hands on his waist. He tries to distract Steve, tries to press on his bladder to make him go, but all Steve can focus on is Rhodey’s voice carrying through the walls. All he can think about is how loud it would be if he went, how everyone would be able to hear it, and he can’t bring himself to go.
Steve laughs as he catches Tony sliding into the elevator with a slightly manic grin before disappearing out of sight. Then he rushes into his dorm and into his bathroom. He pulls himself out of his pants and waits and waits and waits -
"Cupid?!" Tony spluttered. "Like the little baby angel guy that shoots arrows at the people they think should fall in love?!"
Eventually, Tony found the flower shop they were coming from. It was maybe three and a half blocks from SI and it didn’t look all that fancy at all. If not for the logo, no one would know what they sold. A lot of the city was like that, and for good reason: There wasn’t enough space for big fancy signs everywhere and if you sold a good product, everyone would flock to you anyway.
The shorter boy breezed off and Steve found himself doing a very good job of watching him go.
"I've told what I can. But this isn't the weirdest villain we've come up against, I don't think."
"That's what we've got so far. You all will be contacted by the members of this task force who can best use your services."
Point being, they had no idea who was giving these flowers. Nobody did. Not the truck drivers who handled deliveries for the building, not the janitors or security guards who had to check each bouquet and clean up after them each nice. They just knew that the building smelled delectable and the flowers came fresh every day.
The super soldier left the tower for his early morning run and came back to a lobby full of white. It could have been mistaken for snow, the way petals floated through the air and coated every surface, but a storm had passed through a few days ago and snow wasn't quite on the menu. Rain, on the other hand…
The poor kid beside him was in over his head, a freshman to his junior and Tony’s sophomore. Granted, the only reason Tony was allowed to be a sophomore is that he was a bonafide genius. Well, enough of one to skip most of the early-level classwork required of his degree track.
“Wouldn’t you like to know, flyboy.”
“Oh, this. You’re lucky I’ve already thought this out because Steve is-.”
“Wait, what?”
“No, seriously, that last test was not easy. And you actually got some of the questions that everyone missed, even Carol and I. Those study dates are paying off.”
"Exceptions, Steve, exceptions. As it turns out, leaving the game doesn't mean burning all your bridges."
Shelia nodded and offered the standard thanks as the bell that signaled his exit jangled overhead. He left behind three-hundred dollars in twenties and a goldenrod that she knew for a fact hadn't come from the store. He hadn't even browsed the aisles…
“You are, which will work out in everyone’s favor because you know Tony best. Where does he like to eat?”
“I have a few classes here, Stevie-boy. And man, am I glass I do. Looks like Tony decided to take things into his own hands.”
“Just because he’s a good person-.”
The fast-paced atmosphere fir the mood for the night because Tony was quizzing Steve for the upcoming test. Some of it would be multiple choice but this time there would be diagrams, so Steve would actually have to know what he’s doing. He does, surprisingly enough. Tony’s study sessions have really helped, and Steve’s even been able to get through the lectures with more coherent notes.
“I know how to handle dummies, Rhodey, and contrary to popular belief, Steve Rogers is no dummy.”
“Well, artists have to use the same tools we do, for some projects, just on a smaller scale. If anyone can get Steve Rogers to pass this mind-numbing class, it’s me.”
"How much were they?"
“You’re not.” Rhodey snorted, amused. “But at least you’re getting something out of this class, even if it is a little eye-candy.”
“Hey, do you know the answer to number three from the homework?” A blonde girl with mischievous green eyes leaned across the aisle and whispered to him. Steve shook his head. It was a multiple-choice question and he’d likely gotten it wrong. God forbid they write a paper anytime soon. He really is in over his head.
“Doesn’t mean he’ll help you? Sure it does, he’s a sucker for lost causes. He keeps making them every other day.”
His roommate yawned and nodded off pretty quickly.
“I got a C on the test!” He exclaimed.
“Ah, I guess you’d have to see it to know what I’m talking about. Not that you’ll be getting that far. He builds robots with newborn AIs that he keeps trying to teach. It’s the funniest thing in the world because they’re so cute but so helpless at the same time.”
"This guy didn't ruin the golden ones." Steve offered. "You love golden flowers."
Steve slipped the black square back into his pocket and rubbed one of Tony's hands between his own.
"I can't tell you that. I'm sorry, sir. I'm close enough to losing my job as it is. All you have to do is say the word, I can get someone on the delivery team to spread the message that these flowers are unwanted."
“If he’s my age then he’s not a kid!” Steve snapped.
“Do you still want our roommates to be there for movie night?”
This first set were numerous bouquets in all colors and shapes. Some were rare and left alone, some were common and more than happy to leave with a coworker. But they were all thoroughly investigated to no end, and everyone was curious as to who could possibly send such a surprise.
“Hey, you can’t take back your-!”
"You mean to tell me that you still haven't said anything?" Natasha Romanoff was positively whining as she draped herself over a stoic and rather annoyed Steve Rogers. "I thought that big flower show was yours!"
"Unfortunately, you're going to have to." Fury announced with his usual grim look and annoyed drawl. "It's safe to say that Stark Industries has been the victim of an elaborate scheme made by our next villain, but they're not the only ones taking a fall. And I'm pretty sure they got the nicer end of the spectrum."
Tony did so without question and when he saw what was inside, he buried his face in Steve's shoulder.
“Good morning, Ms. Delian.” He offered smoothly, having barely glanced at her nametag. Sheila Delian had blonde hair and hazel eyes that went wider than a disco ball when she saw him.
“Yes!” Rhodey threw his hands in the air. “Thank God, we are one step closer. They might get together before the end of the year!”
"No need, and I'd rather not stir up anything with whoever's sending these. Thank you for all your help, Ms. Delian. I hope your day gets better."
If this was how Rhodes was reacting, he wondered how hyper Tony would be.
“Sure, sure.” The green-eyed blonde snorted, amused. “My name’s Carol, in case you’re trying to figure out what the hell is going on here. I had money on your actually doing something about your crush over these past eight weeks, but Rhodey was right. Ah, well, goodbye fifty bucks.” She sighed. Her friend, Rhodey, he guessed, snorted.
"Yeah, at least the fucker deemed my company worthy." Tony grumbled darkly. "Say, what'd the spies get onto you about?"
Another look, confused this time.
But his classmates were just fine with it, apparently. And so was the boy a few seats in front of him who broke into the teacher’s lecture every five minutes to correct him. Some people were a bit annoyed with the guy, who looked to be around Steve’s age, but he definitely knew what he was doing. He managed to shut them up with each question they asked until they could no longer catch him off-guard and stopped trying after a bit.
Steve couldn’t stop looking at him. He moved fast and he talked faster. Every other word out of his mouth sounded like a foreign language that everyone in this class could understand except for Steve. He belonged on this track. He deserved to be in this class. But… maybe he’d bit off more than he could chew, coming into a two-hundred-level class and expecting it to make sense. It was on his track sheet, and no one said anything about prerequisites. In fact, when he’d talked to his advisor the older man had waved him off and allowed him into the class. On the request that they meet twice a week to make sure Steve was keeping up with the class. He was lucky that Erskine was so hands-on, but that probably had something to do with the program he was in. An Architecture student who put the art in the architecture, this stuff was going right over his head.
"Alright," Tony exhaled roughly. "Fucking Cupid. Like I need another reason to hate February."
“That might be pushing it.”
“So, the word around class is you’re hopeless.”
"Them's the breaks." Tony snickered, giving his now-fiance the box. "I'm sorry your surprise got ruined, though I must say I'm looking forward to that dinner a lot more."
"Coriander means hidden strength. Everyone knows that Tony is a genius. But what if whoever's doing this thinks the company as a whole is something to stand of its own accord?"
"Whatever it is, it better not involve flowers." Tony deadpanned as he stalked into the room.
"We're not sure yet. We're hoping you can weigh in on a few comparisons we have so far."
This particular set wasn't exactly his favorite flower. Some of his employees took them home but at the end of the day, he was left with an array of blue and white hydrangeas. A quick search revealed that they supposedly meant frigidity, apology, boasting, and bragging. Tony didn't really know what to make of that. Boasting sounded less like someone's well-wishes and more like he was being played. If this fucked wanted to apologize, the best way to do so would be to quit with the godforsaken flowers and perhaps explain all this. Bit of a stretch, considering this had been going on for a few weeks, but it would have been nice.
“You must be coming in about the flower order, then. My boss expected someone from SI to send a cease-and-desist order, but we never thought it’d be you.”
"Fair enough…" Pepper admitted. "Whatever they're doing, they best wrap this up. As soon as we figure out who they are, we'll be gunning for them."
“Uh, sure?” Steve choked out. “Yes, absolutely! I need to pass this class.”
“How do you ask?”
"C'mon, Steve, we can still do it properly. I'd just know what it is."
“Fat chance.” Steve groaned.
"You know what my answer is." He mumbled.
"I don't. Never said it was me you were talking about, just that I don't want to hear about flowers."
Later on
"The ones that mean well, sure. I guess we've still got that."
“Yeah, I just might.”
Steve groaned and buried his head in his arms. So she
“It will be, fuck you very much!”
“What? He’s a good tutor. You see how he gets up there and basically hogs the conversation, the kid knows what he’s talking about.”
“Ask him a question or two about the homework late on. If you can understand any of the words on the page, Tony’s got you the rest of the way. Just prove that you’re not a lost cause.”
“Don’t you think that show of yours was a little much?” Carol asked as they walked to Boca Grande. Rhodey wasn’t really in the mood for Mexican but he wasn’t sure he was in the mood for much of anything. Art Kid’s dilemma was weighing on him now.
He knew that voice. It was the same one he heard every day trying to figure out what the hell the teacher thought he was doing, teaching like this?!
Eight classes and the kid… wasn’t hopeless, at least.
“Sure, yeah.”
And it shouldn’t be walking him to one of his art classes.
“He’d probably be willing to tutor you on this stuff. Hell, he’s tutor half the class, if they let him. He’s a total pushover if you know how to ask.”
"Depends. Like I said, it's been a long week. I get to be picky."
“Told you the kid wouldn’t know a crush if it hit him in the face.” Rhodey yawned. “Look, kid, Steve. Look, Steve, just ask him a question about the homework, talk a bit about it, play it off like you don’t understand, and slide into ‘talk about it over dinner?’”
“Really?” Rhodes crowed, interested. “And just how do you know that, Shrimp?”
"This… whoever's doing this. It's possible they could be a rival.They might see you as an opponent." Steve wondered.
"This is so dumb. I absolutely hate them and they ruin everything."
“Because he’s completely oblivious to genuine affection,” Rhodey informed her as if it was something he’d practiced every day in front of the mirror. “Just trust me on this one, if Art Kid doesn’t make the first move then nothing will ever come of this.”
“Eye-can-? No!” The boy yelped. “No, it’s not like that at all.”
“I’ll probably freak out tomorrow but I just came back from a long shift so if you could-.”
“So’s Tony.” Rhodes offered.
“Huh.” Several things clicked into place and he nodded. “Okay. Well, we keep going out for study sessions so why not stay in this time? Watch a movie or something? We could order pizza or something.”
an HR representative mused as he snagged a pot on the way home after a long shift.
“Wow, you’re dense. I thought Rhodey was joking, but nope, you’re dense.”
Steve had no idea where he was going to find Tony, but at least this looked like a place he would want to be.
“Why’s that?”
“You’ve actually managed to learn something.” Rhodes snorted when the teacher called for a twenty-minute break. This thing was three hours long, as a once-a-week class, but damn if they didn’t deserve every second of that break.
"Gonna draw him like one of your French girls, Rogers?" Clint crooned.
“Well, if I want anything to get through that thick head of his-.”
“Okay, now you’re projecting. James, look at me.” Carol stopped him and Rhodes turned to face the girlfriend he’d pined so hard for just for her to turn around and act like they’d been going out the entire time. “They will be fine. People can get their own dates without their annoying older brothers interfering. You’ve known that kid since he was, like, ten, so I’ll let you off easy here, but he’s finally got someone his age interested in him. Why not let him have a little fun?”
you want to?”
He leads Tony to the bathroom, and they both strip down. Once Steve is naked, his body very much wants to let go, and he has to hold his now-soft cock as Tony finishes undressing. Tony’s eyes are still huge and focused on Steve as he kneels in the shower.
Steve doesn’t waste a second. He tosses the to-go bag of food from the dining hall on a workbench and slips off his backpack, and then he sits on the ground next to Tony and pulls him close into a hug. Tony shifts slightly to hide his face in Steve’s shoulder instead of his knees, but other than that, he doesn’t move.
Steve’s been getting better about telling Tony when he needs to go, actually. He’ll never be able to randomly announce it like Tony obviously can, but sometimes he can work up the courage to ask Tony to leave the room for a little bit if he’s getting desperate.
“Please, Steve,” Tony begs, and for the first time his voice is a little shy. “Please, use your fingers. Stretch me open, fill me up. I love it, I promise, I do it all the time. Please...”
At first, they’re just talking. They were friends for a long time before they ever started dating (mostly because Steve wouldn’t date Tony until he was above the age of consent, but whatever). So they get along very well, and Tony finds Steve is the one person who can truly keep up with him. Tony has to explain the more complicated concepts when he's talking about physics or engineering, sometimes, sure, but once is usually enough for Steve to grasp it, at least enough to hold a conversation. And Steve isn’t afraid to go back and forth with him, which is amazing, and something he almost never gets. A lot of people see his money or his brain or his status and they turn into yes-men, and act like Tony is always right. He almost always is right, at least in his own head, but Steve isn’t afraid to point out that he’s wrong. Often. Which is probably why Tony fell in love with him in the first place.
Tony feels heat burn through his body like nothing he’s ever experienced before. He’s so close he feels like he’s about to burst, which is ironic, because Fantasy-Steve loses it. A wet spot blooms on Fantasy-Steve’s jeans, spreading quickly, and eventually the pee makes a small puddle around Fantasy-Steve’s feet. Fantasy-Steve’s face goes slack in relief, and he moans long and low. Tony, although confused as to why his fantasy shifted to this, comes so hard and so quickly that he’s almost sure he blacks out for a few seconds. When he comes back to himself, he’s practically covered in his own come. His limbs feels like limp noodles, and he can barely move to clean himself up.
desperate. He glances at the clock on his desk and sees that it’s nearing midnight, meaning he hasn’t peed for fifteen hours now. But he can’t just say he needs to pee. He’s never been able to say that out loud, let alone to a significant other. Maybe if Steve pretends he needs a shower. That’s a good excuse, right? And he could take as long as he wants. And maybe,
Luckily, Steve must not hear him, because a second later Tony hears a rush of pee, still so faint behind the door that he can barely hear it. But he grabs onto that sound and almost whines, he’s so beyond horny right now. Steve’s groaning in relief, long and loud, and then he cuts himself off, as if embarrassed. His stream doesn’t cut off, though. No, instead it gets heavier, louder, more powerful, and Tony’s about a second away from coming in his pants.
“Are you... sure?” Tony asks, eyebrows drawing together in concern. “Steve, what about...”
“I - uh - I have to go,” Steve says, uncomfortably shifting again as his bladder urges him to
“Ew,” Steve says, wrinkling his nose. And then, “You can shower at mine whenever you want. If you want.”
Tony makes a high-pitched little moaning sound, and Steve knows that noise. That’s the noise Tony makes when he has an orgasm, which means... which means Tony just rubbed himself off against the bed while Steve pissed in his mouth.
As soon as the door is shut behind them, Tony has Steve up against it. Usually it’s the other way around, with Steve holding Tony against the door or the wall or wherever, but Steve is seriously not complaining. He’s been hard in his jeans for at least the past two hours, and he’d really like to do something about it.
Tony catches on pretty quick, as soon as he pulls back to look at Steve. It might be because Steve can feel his face turning red with a flush that has nothing to do with arousal and everything to do with embarrassment. Or the way Steve had to squirm a little under Tony in order to fend off the wave of desperation.
“Wait! Can we, actually, try something else?” Tony asks. “No one will suspect anything, they’ll just think we’re showering together, which, I mean, we would, after. But they’re all distracted with playing Mario anyway. You don’t have to say yes, feel free to tell me no, anytime really-“
He can do it. Just say he needs a shower. He can do it. Tony won’t suspect anything. He can do it.
“Got it,” Steve repeats dutifully. Tony pulls him in for a slightly-dirty kiss, and they both forget their conversation for a little while as they take advantage of having the house to themselves for a little while.
Steve nods a little meekly. He’s still trembling and he leaks down his thigh again. “Yeah. It’s, uh, pretty bad.”
So, he stays a little longer. Steve moves to his desk and works on a drawing of Tony, while Tony pulls out an engineering project that’s not due for weeks but he’s been working on anyway. They’re working on completely separate things, and they’re not even talking, but there’s a quiet intimacy to the way they can share a space and silence like this.
“No, I’m sorry,” Steve sits up abruptly, looking so apologetic and guilty that Tony is thrown. “I completely ruined the moment with my... issue.”
“I might just take you up on that,” Tony winks, grinning.
“Hey, baby, shhhh,” Tony soothes. He runs his hands up and down Steve’s tense back first, then slides them around to the front, going down and down until they’re over Steve’s hands, which are clutching his cock. What was once a grip to point his dick at the urinal has become a stranglehold to keep any piss from sliding out.
“Yeah, okay, big guy. I better get to bed, in case dear old Dad shows up way too early like he did the last time I fucked up enough to warrant a visit,” Tony says, but he’s reluctant to hang up. “I’ll see you tomorrow, if they leave early.”
“Uh, my chest?” Tony squeaks.
, and Tony’s waiting.... He doesn’t even notice that his breathing is speeding up and he’s getting close to a panic attack until Tony comes up behind him.
His bladder reminds him quickly that it is very full and would very much like to be emptied,
And then his bladder squeezes so tightly in his abdomen that he can’t hold in a low groan. So, that’s what woke him, then. Now that he’s paying attention, his bladder is unbearably full, and he feels like he’s constantly a second away from wetting his pants. Actually, it feels a bit like he may have already done so, but that’s not possible. Steve reaches a hand down to his crotch, and -
“About ten minutes,” Bucky informs. “And then we switch trains.”
Bucky had complained about Tony tagging along for a little while after Steve told him Tony was coming, but once Steve explained
Afterward, he sits down and contemplates. Because he definitely just jerked off to the idea of his boyfriend wetting himself, and he came harder than he has ever come in his life, and that probably isn’t normal. Right? He googles it. As it turns out, he has a kink. Now, Tony never really thought he would be particularly vanilla when it came to sex, but he’s not really very experienced. He’s not a virgin, but he doesn’t know everything about what he likes or dislikes yet. He’s still young.
“Yeah,” Steve says defensively. “All of our friends are going. I thought you’d want to go, too.”
Tony texts, and he has to physically stop himself from sending more and more questions.
Tony breaks away to tug first his own shirt off, then Steve’s. He returns to the kissing, but this time he latches onto Steve’s neck, which causes Steve to moan loudly.
, but they’re both way too far gone to do that tonight. They’d have to plan that, and probably get a few orgasms in beforehand.
Anyway. Steve has to go pretty much all the time, and Tony loves it. But he’s still a little guilty, though, because he knows Steve isn’t holding his pee because he wants to, because he enjoys it. No, he’s holding it because he has to, he has no other choice. Which, to be honest, sucks for Steve, but is it so wrong for Tony to enjoy it?
“I - I have to pee,” Steve admits, cheeks aflame. “I’m afraid if I let this continue any long, I might not - y’know - make it back to my dorm in time.”
“Good.” Tony’s smile brightens even more. “Now, come to bed, big guy.”
“Thanks.” Steve sighs a little dreamily, staring at the back of Tony’s head.
One more quick kiss and Tony is out the door. Steve doesn’t waste any time rushing into the bathroom, but once he’s in front of the toilet, he struggles to go. He can hear some people moving and talking outside, which always makes him nervous. He has to remind himself over and over again that no one can see him, no one knows he’s desperate, no one knows he’s -
“Don’t apologize,” he says gently. “It’s okay. Steve,
, just trust me, okay?” Steve says firmly, a little irritated because he’s embarrassed now. Tony shouldn’t have to worry about his boyfriend having to pee while he’s sleeping over.
Steve snorts, finally relaxing back. “Fine. As long as you still had a good time, I guess.”
Fuck. Lust spreads like fire through Steve’s veins and he has to pull Tony in for a searing kiss. “Yes,” he gasps into Tony’s mouth. “Yes, yes,
“No, I - I haven’t,” Steve says, and fuck, he sounds so nervous.
Tony notices all of it, in fact. He’s watching Steve. Like a goddamn hawk. He sees every sign that Steve is getting uncomfortable, that Steve’s bladder is filling, and he feels a sick sort of pleasure from it. And with that comes guilt, too, because Steve’s not getting desperate on purpose, but Tony finds it so, so...
“Wait, you have a single
Tony feels a pang of guilt, because he really
“Yeah?” Tony pulls back to look at him. Steve looks properly debauched, lips swollen from making out, hair mussed, cheeks flushed from arousal and embarrassment both. Tony adores him.
He might like pee desperation. And wetting, possibly. Which is fine.
Only a second later it hits him what an idiot he is, because he can’t spend the entire night with his bladder like this, and there’s absolutely no way he’d be able to get it up right now. Even though his dick valiantly tries with the thought of Tony naked in his bed, because he very much does want to have sex with his boyfriend.
Steve flushes a little as Bucky grins in congratulations at him. “I, uh... well, it sort of happened accidentally. Literally. As in...”
It’s different, knowing Tony is watching and enjoying him being desperate to pee. And while Steve doesn’t exactly get desperate on purpose, he doesn’t exactly restrain himself from guzzling down fluids all day until his bladder is rock hard under his jeans. There’s something exciting about the idea of Tony’s eyes on him, watching his every shift and squirm, waiting for him to-
, ever since he noticed Steve squirming in the dining hall.
“It’s a big test,” Steve says weakly. It’s a thin excuse, he knows, but he’s at the point where he’s so full he’ll do anything to get back to his dorm. He starts to get up, but Tony grabs his wrist.
Of course he wakes up full. He usually wakes up pretty desperate to go, but yesterday he’d probably done some amount of damage after holding it for so long. So, this morning he wakes and he immediately wants to run for the toilet, but he knows he won’t be able to go with Tony in the next room. Even if he somehow got up without waking his boyfriend, he’d still be nervous about Tony hearing.
He waited too long.
“I love you too.”
“Do you... want to watch?” Steve asks, feeling his face heat. “Or - or... did you want... like this morning...”
Tony trails off, eyes darting around at the few students that might be in hearing range. Steve grabs his hand and leads him towards his dorm.
Tony just blinks at him for awhile before finally closing his mouth. Then he says, “No, you’re fine! You’re good. I’m glad you could, um, go. While I was here. I’ll just, uh, finish up so you can wash your hands then. Yep.”
Tony slides back into Steve’s dorm room, taking in Steve’s obviously more relaxed attitude and the half hard chub he’s got under his jeans. He mourns the fact that he’s already come for a second before he remembers just how mind blowing that orgasm was, and then all he wants is to get on his knees and return the favor.
, the one place he’s absolutely comfortable peeing.
Tony eyes his bed. “Your mom said a full was small? Does she know we share the twins at school?”
Tony moves them to the bed, pushing Steve to lay back so he can straddle his hips. They’re humping each other like horny teenagers, but Tony technically is still one, and Steve’s not too far off. Tony kisses him like he’s drowning and Steve is fresh air, arching up into every touch. It’s beautiful, and it feels great.
Steve blinks. Of course Tony would want to sleep over, they’ve been dating for a month and a half. He really should have seen this coming. Actually, he's been thinking about Tony sleeping over (or him sleeping at Tony's, but that could never happen with the shared bathroom in his suite) for weeks now. He’s so focused on the idea of sleeping next to Tony - or sleeping
“Okay,” Steve says, because the thought of it doesn’t fire him up in a good way, but it doesn’t squick him out either.
Tony isn’t quiet. Especially when something like needing to pee is pressing on his mind over and over again, and Tony’s motormouth is spitting whatever’s on his mind as it comes. Steve usually finds it endearing. Usually.
Steve’s face is on fire, and his dick tries and fails to get hard in his pants again. “Me too. That’s - I want that too.”
“I know,” Steve finally relents. “The bathroom thing. But I’ve been getting better! I can go with you in the room now-“
Tony’s eyes are wide and nearly all black, his pupils are so dilated. “Yeah, okay.”
Steve’s legs are crossed under the desk and every so often, he’ll squirm in the chair or his free hand will disappear into his lap. So, knowing this, Tony makes a very stupid decision.
“Huh.” Steve blinks. And blinks again. “Well, that’s... I’ve never thought about it that way.”
Steve huffs a laugh. “Yeah? You’d let me take you in my mouth?”
“The walls are very thin,” Steve says, trying to sound nonchalant, but his voice is trembling as much as the rest of him. Tony pulls him close, trying to comfort him with soothing touches and soft-pressed kisses.
And, sometimes, he thinks about himself pissing. He’s not sure he’ll find it particularly hot, as he hasn’t ever found it sexy before, but he decides to try it out anyway since he loves the look on Steve so much. He doesn’t really plan anything, he just happens to have a full bladder at the end of class one day and decides not to stop at the bathroom before heading to the lab. He knows himself, and he knows that he’ll get sucked into the engineering soon enough and forget about his need.
Not that he’s doing it while Tony’s in the room all the time. It’s enough to just know that Tony’s in the next room and he can still pee, even though Tony might be able to hear it through the wall. He still gets anxious about it most of the time, and his brain stops him from going, but he can talk himself into relaxing now. Before, if Tony (or anyone) was anywhere near enough to be able to hear him going, Steve would lock up and not unlock until he knew he was alone. Now, he can slowly relax his muscles and let go.
“I, uh... sorta couldn’t wait earlier. Sorry,” Tony apologizes.
“I’m gonna wet the bed if we don’t stop,” Steve says. “I want to hold it, babe, but I’m seriously about to lose it.”
So... what? He just wants to see Steve get close to that point, and then... nothing? He’d be down to watch Steve release it all into toilet, too, actually. But he knows that will probably never happen; Steve might not ever feel comfortable enough to pee while Tony’s in the next room, let alone watching him. But that doesn’t mean Tony can’t fantasize.
The elevator chimes as the doors slide open, and Steve feels like he’s heading towards his own doom, but he leads the way to his room anyway. His bladder is full to the point where it jostles with every step, and he has to bite his lip to keep from stopping in the middle of the hall and grabbing himself. Tony is excitedly chattering about his own dorm, which he hates, and Steve helpfully points out that Tony practically lives in the engineering lab anyway. He’s there at least ten minutes before it opens every morning, and they usually have to kick him out at the end of the day. Unless Tony has plans with Steve, then he’s quick to rush out of the lab, which makes Steve feel all warm and fuzzy inside. Although, he might be warm inside because his body is about to
When Steve gets in the shower, Tony turns to leave. He says, “Well, I’m gonna go,” but before he can even get all the words out, Steve stops him.
. It’s so good the way Steve squirms, even though he’s trying to hide it, and it’s getting late now and Tony
Steve really tries to relax, but all he can think about is Tony standing right there behind him, able to hear everything. But if Tony wasn’t there, anybody could walk in, and that’s even worse. Steve tries to just block it out and distract himself, but the longer it takes, the worse it gets. He’s taking
“We’re at
Each step jolts Steve’s bladder. He’s really getting desperate now, and he’s worried he’s not going to be able to hold it. Tony and Bucky are chatting as they walk, but Steve is mostly focusing on holding it together long enough to get home.
. Yes, absolutely,” Tony says. “As long as I can return the favor. Tighten your grip and speed up, because I need to come,
“Oh, right, sorry!” Ma laughs a little. “I’m just excited to have you home, I suppose. The house gets lonely.”
Tony’s cheeks go pink, and he turns wide eyes on Steve, but he’s got a smile growing on his face and his arms are tight around Steve’s mom when he returns the hug. She pulls back after a moment and fusses over him, fixes his hair and tightens his scarf.
Tony doesn’t respond, but he moves down to Steve’s collarbone instead, retaliating for the delay by biting down gently. Steve gasps, arching up into Tony’s hold. Tony pulls back after a few moments and licks his lips.
“Thank you,” Steve says.
“You love me.”
Steve and Tony pack up their things and walk out together, leaving Sam and Bucky to suck each other’s faces off in the back corner of the library. They start heading back to their dorms and reach the place where they usually part ways, when Steve stops.
Steve is very uncomfortable, but not about Tony sleeping over. He sees his escape, but Tony has this look in his eyes, one that Steve is all too familiar with. He’d been trying to erase this look from Tony since they’d met and become friends - this look that says so much about what Tony thinks of himself. He thinks he’s annoying, and useless, and a million other things that make Steve protective and angry. It’s hard to hit the bully, though, when the one bullying Tony is himself. Steve wouldn’t mind delivering a punch to his dad’s nose for good measure, though. The point is, Tony pretty much thinks he’s worthless and undeserving of love. But in the years of their friendship, Steve (with the help of Pepper, Rhodey, Bruce, Bucky, Clint, Natasha, Thor, Sam, and Peter) has managed to show Tony that despite what he thinks of himself, Steve and the others love him anyway. The self-recrimination had made a reappearance when they’d started dating, though, and Steve can see the insecurity here, now. And he hates it.
but he can still hear his friends talking through the wall, and he doesn’t know how to get Bucky and Sam to leave again so that he could even try to go.
“Mmm, that feels good, hm? Now I want you to take one hand and cup yourself through your pants,” Tony instructs, already following his own order, eyes falling shut.
Since Tony is huge on consent, like any good person should be, he immediately pulls back. His lust-addled brain can’t remember any reason Steve might need to stop, so he asks, “Did I do something wrong?”
“You’re... okay with this?” Steve whispers, barely daring to hope.
“Yes, I want to,” Steve says easily, ignoring the nerves tightening his stomach and the voice in the back of his head screaming, ‘
“Cool, I’ll invite Pepperpot, Rhodeybear and Bruciebabe, too,” Tony replies, pulling his phone out and texting one handed.
“Love you too,” Tony breathes. “Goodnight, Steve.”
Steve can’t stop moving his legs the whole time Tony is in there. His jiggling them both furiously, anything to stop the pee from coming out in his pants. He can’t help but think about how long he’s been holding now — thirteen hours? Fourteen? Oh, god, he’s just dying to go, now. His bladder feels full and round in his abdomen, and he’s
Tony beams, and bounds over to smack a kiss on Steve. “Good! I want to spend all weekend with you, handsome.”
Steve’s breath hitches audibly. “I - I would’ve... I really want to suck your cock, Tony.”
It makes Steve’s anxiety flare slightly to know that Bucky can tell he has to pee — which means Tony can probably tell as well — but he’s gotten good at letting that thought cross his mind and then go away again. His therapist tells him to allow thoughts like that to pass, don’t try to stop them but also make a conscious decision not to dwell on them. It’s the best advice Steve has ever gotten for his anxiety.
There’s no annoyance or unhappiness in his tone, but Steve wilts a little at the words, and he vehemently shakes his head no. He’s still painfully aroused, he still wants this. He can hold it, it’s fine. He held it for way longer last night, anyway, so he knows he can do this. He doesn’t want to ruin this moment, the first moment they’ve been able to have. Tony pauses a moment, eyes scanning Steve’s face to make sure, before he continues what he was doing before. Steve notices he shifts his hips back down a little more, though, and it has the dual benefit of not rocking into his bladder anymore and pressing them together, cock to cock. They moan together, the sound vibrating against Steve’s skin, and all at once he’s getting close again.
He panics for a moment, thinking about his sticky pants and how he’s going to explain that to Steve. But then he remembers that Steve saw exactly how wound up he was, even if he didn’t know the extent to which he had caused it. And he doesn’t really have time to wait in the hallway and think up a plan anyway, because he hears someone’s door open and promptly gets the hell out of dodge.
Steve’s chest tightens at the sight; he knows all the signs of Tony going through something. And this means something big. And he has a feeling he knows what it’s about, too, considering the timing.
He’s hopeful, but he doesn’t really expect Steve to say yes. Steve rarely ever comes to Tony’s dorm, unless it’s pretty early in the day, which used to really worry Tony. Now he knows it’s because Steve can’t use the bathroom there, and by the end of the day he’s pretty desperate to go. So he’s not really expecting Steve to agree, especially because Tony
Steve hurries as best he can, but his legs are trembling now and all he can think about is the last time he heard Tony pee when he was this desperate, he lost control, and he doesn’t want to do that again. So, he unlocks his door and doesn’t follow Tony inside when he rushes in.
“I’m so desperate,” Fantasy-Steve says. “Tony, I have to pee so bad.”
Steve blinks at him. “Oh.”
Tony just blinks at him again, before a shaky smile appears on his face. “You mean it? I can stay in your house for winter break? The whole time?”
He also just really, really wants to sleep in Tony’s room. He wants to feel
“No, I - I don’t want you to leave,” Steve mumbles, cheeks feeling hot. “Not after - after that.”
“Oh,” Tony says stupidly, but he still doesn’t get it. Steve’s been alone all morning, so why hasn’t he gone to the bathroom?
He could’ve gone hours ago! When his bladder first felt full, if he was normal, he could’ve emptied it into a public toilet like everyone else on the planet. His ears focus again on the sound of Tony’s release, so faint behind the door, but it’s the only sound in the room besides Steve’s harsh breathing. And then, with another spasm, abruptly, Steve knows he’s going to lose control. His hands fly to his crotch, but it’s too late, he’s leaking into his pants. The dam is broken and Steve can’t possibly stop it now.
He thrusts the soup forward, and Steve’s eyes dart toward it and then back up at Tony’s face. He doesn’t reach to take it.
“You want to go on a week-long trip to a ski resort?” Tony asks, tone flat. “Really?
Steve jumps out of the bed frantically and has to twist his legs over and squeeze to hold his piss in as gravity shoves down on his bloated bladder. As soon as he can move again, he frantically pats the spot he’d been laying in, feeling carefully for any wetness on the bed.
He can’t get Tony out of the room. Tony would think it’s his fault, which is out of the question. He could just try to go, maybe this time it would work. He’s
Steve laughs, a little nervously, and winces as his bladder pulses, still waiting to release the rest.
His phone buzzes in his hand — he’d forgotten he was even holding it — and he sees that Steve is calling him. He swipes to answer it without thinking about the fact that he’s still peeing his pants.
He thinks it might actually kill him, and he can’t help but palm himself through his pants, biting down on his lip to keep from moaning out loud in the middle of the hallway. Thank fuck no one is around because Tony is practically giving a free show out here.
has to go.
he has a full bladder, too. Even if he didn’t know that Steve can’t use public bathrooms, Tony can tell by the way Steve is standing: he’s holding his body stiff, not moving or shifting weight at all, thighs tense and pressed together.
“Steve.” Tony turns to look at him in the eye instead of through the mirror. He looks stern. “You’re not kicking me out. I’m offering to leave, and I came back, didn’t I? And you can shower afterward sometimes, instead, or - or who knows, maybe one day you’ll feel comfortable enough to -“
full and
Tony, because they haven’t done that yet - that he automatically says, “Yeah, sure,” before he even knows what’s happening.
They reach the lab and it’s still open for another hour for the engineering students. Tony lets them in with his keycard and shows them the two robots. Steve stands back and watches, mostly, and Tony doesn’t miss the slight winces and near constant weight shifting going on. Steve has got to be desperate now, but he hasn’t said a word, and he won’t. They spend some time playing with the ‘bots, Tony explaining how he made them learning robots and their code, mostly to Bucky who’s the most interested in that sort of thing. It’s the reason he and Bucky get along, now, since at first Bucky was a little annoyed Tony was stealing his best friend. But then they bonded over science and became friends too, and eventually Bucky realized Tony had a crush on Steve the size of Mount Rushmore, and he wasn’t really jealous anymore.
“Then what is?” Tony asks, trying to ignore the way he’s definitely tenting his pants.
“Oh, yeah,” Tony mumbles, blinking sleepily at Steve. “Fuck, that was so good. I think you broke my brain.”
Steve turns around finally, and Tony is redder than he’s ever seen.
“Tony,” Steve pants. “I - I need to stop.”
“Holy hell, of course I was watching you,” Tony says, leaning in to kiss Steve’s neck. “I couldn’t take my eyes off you, Steve. You’re so hot, so fucking sexy, watching you squirm.”
They probably won’t have sex now. Even if Tony isn’t totally disgusted by the pee thing, he probably isn’t turned on by the sight of his boyfriend crying and covered in his own piss. Steve hopes not. He’s not in the mood anymore, anyway, he feels fragile and small and vulnerable, but under that happy, too. Tony is staying with him, somehow, and that’s amazing. And Tony’s staying the night. Even without sex, that’s something Steve never quite let himself hope for. Before, he’d thought he would have to somehow train himself to hold it for over 24 hours, but now... now Tony seems okay with it. Just like Bucky was. Bucky had turned out to be surprisingly helpful, when he’d found out. Steve was still young then, so Bucky helped him rush home after school and not get picked on. Or he helped him hide wet pants when he was out and just couldn’t hold it anymore. He remembered after telling Bucky, he felt relieved, like suddenly he wasn’t alone in this. And he feels the same, with Tony, now. He feels more honest, too, and he doesn’t have to worry about offending Tony when he leaves dates suddenly, or can’t invite Tony over. Actually, he
Steve’s door opens, and Steve stands stiffly in the entrance to his small dorm room, back straight and body so tense he looked ready to snap. He doesn’t smile or anything at the sight of Tony, just keeps his expression blank. Tony’s heart sinks. Maybe Steve’s mad at him for some reason? But then why skip class? They don’t share any classes.
“Yeah, I could come over for a little while,” Steve says easily. Tony schools his expression so that he doesn’t look completely shocked.
But he’s still never mentioning to anybody. Ever. Especially Steve.
Tony’s brow furrows. He hasn’t talked to Steve today, but that isn’t abnormal. They usually meet up after classes, always get dinner together. Or, more likely, Steve will bring dinner to the engineering lab for Tony. Unless they have a planned date, Tony usually forgets what time it is as soon as he’s in the lab. Steve doesn’t mind, but he likes to get Tony out for dinner every once and awhile, hence the planned dates.
Tony frowns. He’s looks disappointed, which makes Steve’s heart squeeze a little in his chest. “But it’s Friday.”
“Can you... go for a little bit?” Steve finally asks, cheeks going red hot. He squirms a little under Tony.
love him, but not even that will stop Tony’s own brain telling him that he’s not enough. Steve just has to be patient and wait for his mom to show Tony that she thinks he’s as perfect as Steve does. Well, maybe not quite as perfect.
Steve gives him that little bit to push him over the edge, sucks just a little harder around Tony’s cock and thrusts his fingers just a little further inside. Tony’s whole body tightens up and he comes with a low wail, spurting down Steve’s throat. Steve, unable to wait a second longer, follows him and comes messily into his boxers.
“You really... you really want to do that?” Steve asks, cheeks pinking even darker. Tony nods emphatically, because duh, he loves Steve, and his voice. He could definitely get off to it, easy. “Okay.”
Tony sees Steve’s cheeks go pink at that, but he’s smiling and he’s still peeing, so Tony counts it as a win. Tony shifts a little to hold Steve better, and his stream moves to Tony’s inner thigh and -
“Steve? Pal?” Bucky’s worried tone brings Steve out of his reverie. They’ve all just finished dinner, and they’re splitting up again now. Natasha and Pepper snuck out to do some shopping, Peter, Bruce, Sam and Rhodey are on the couch setting up a video game, Thor and Loki went back to their room to make out, Tony is across the room talking to Clint, and Steve and Bucky are standing together. “You okay?”
It’s not like he’ll do anything about it, though. He can’t tell Steve, because he would just think Tony’s lost his damn mind (which wouldn’t be surprising, but...). So, is it really that bad if he’s not hurting anybody? He’s just having mind blowing orgasms. And people get off to kids! People beat their meat to
“Goodnight, Tony,” Steve murmurs, kissing his ear. Tony mumbles something unintelligible in reply, and Steve grins.
Steve can feel his face getting hot. “Go ahead. It’s fine. I’m just going to... wait out here.”
“I’m in bed,” Steve says, after a moment, and Tony can picture it, Steve laying fully clothed on his perfectly-made bed, cheeks red as he talks to Tony on the phone.
“So good,” Steve groans again. “You are so unbelievably attractive.”
So, Tony endeavors to distract him. He rubs his hands up and down Steve’s sides, his back, along his hips, up his chest, through everywhere he can reach. He gives some sort of weird massage with little pressure and lots of comfort, trying to get Steve to focus on that sensation instead of his bladder. He also talks while he does this, something he’s excellent at. He rambles about his classes that morning, and about his latest projects, and Steve releases what he can in small splashes on Tony’s leg every once and awhile.
If only his bladder would let him.
“Hey,” Steve says, smiling at Tony, but Tony just drops down to his knees without pretense.
desperate
“God, Tony, fuck,” Steve curses, biting his lower lip as he gets closer and closer to falling over the edge. “I’m gonna - I’m gonna-“
He knows that Tony can tell he has to pee. He’s not being very covert about it anymore, now that it’s just them. He just wants to get home and to the toilet as quickly as possible. But he’s grateful that Tony doesn’t try to comment on it.
Tony faces him head on again, and says, “But I bet you still have to go, huh?”
Bucky leaves them alone, saying something to Tony that Steve doesn’t catch. Tony turns to Steve, then, and brushes his free hand against his cheek.
After he finishes, he washes himself as quickly as possible and dresses even faster in order to see if Tony is still waiting for him. He opens the bathroom door cautiously, seeing Tony still sitting exactly where he left him, curled on Steve’s bed reading his book like he belongs there. Steve’s heart warms in his chest.
First, Sam takes the train and the bus to Bucky’s, and then the four of them cram into Bucky’s tiny, outdated car that he got for Christmas, and make their way towards the ski resort that Pepper found in Massachusetts. They decide to leave the week before winter break ends, so they can stay in the resort for the last week and head straight back to Boston for school. Natasha, Clint, Rhodey, Bruce, Peter, Pepper, Thor, and Loki are all going to meet them there. Luckily, the drive isn’t too long, but they stop early on to get snacks and drinks, and Steve is having too much fun sipping on his root beer to remember that he is heading to a new place where he will probably be sharing a bathroom.
“Sorry, not all of us have Daddy’s money to fall back on,” Nat snarks, but she has a teasing grin playing at the corners of her mouth. “Gas money gets expensive, Mr. Stark.”
Steve snorts. “I already told you, you can stay here whenever you want.”
Tony going, hears the desperate rush of piss into the toilet, and his bladder spasms wildly. He has to go way worse that Tony, he’s sure, and he wishes he could’ve just
“Aha!” Bucky holds up a random blue pen. “Told Tony what? That you’re madly and completely in love with him? That you’re a total dork?”
“Hey, no, it’s okay. We can have phone sex once you get back, if you want. I can be patient, I swear,” Tony says quickly, even though a second ago he was fully planning on jerking off as soon as Steve left.
“Uh, everyone already knows both those things,” Steve rolled his eyes. “No, I told him about my... issue.”
“Hmm, well, coming from the best person on the
“Yeah?”
“That’s good,” Tony reassures immediately. “You’re doing so good, Steve. You’re so good.”
He’s in the middle of jerking off. He’s playing
“Oh, where’s your bathroom? I have to pee,” Tony interrupts, turning back from where he was studying one of the pictures Steve had painted last year, an image of Tony creating robots.
Steve laughs shakily and nods as Tony continues moving, but it’s quickly choked back when Tony slides a hand between them to palm Steve through his jeans. At Steve’s nod, Tony unbuttons and unzips the jeans, and slides down the underwear to get a hand around Steve’s bare cock. The feeling of Tony’s hand on him is almost too much. Steve has to close his eyes for a moment.
Tony’s in the middle of imagining Steve getting back to his dorm. In his head, Steve’s just a second too late, and he’s so beyond desperate that he starts leaking in his pants as soon as he closes his door behind him. He’s broken the seal, now, though, and he can’t hold it anymore, so it comes streaming down his leg, wet patches blossoming -
“Where are we headed, sugarplum?” Tony asks when Steve pulls away and keeps walking, shifting Tony into a more comfortable position on his back.
Steve blinks. “Oh.”
Tony’s eyebrows pull together, and he doesn’t move. Besides his squirming at his delay to the bathroom, Tony doesn’t move at all to go any further without Steve. Then, abruptly, Tony understands, and he turns and walks out to stand next to Steve.
“Yeah?” Tony asks. He tries to ignore the way his cock is rock hard against his thigh, now, because there’s nothing he can do about it.
Tony asks himself. He likes watching Steve desperate, sure, but does he want to see him actually lose control?
“No,” Tony mumbles. “D’you?”
“That was good, you’re doing so good,” Tony says. “Keep going, you’ve got this...”
“But, Steve... the whole night? I don’t want you to hurt yourself. You don’t have to-“ Tony says, but Steve cuts him off.
It’s the best Christmas gift Steve could’ve asked for from himself, really.
It’s about a six hour total travel time to take the train from their school in Boston to their homes in Brooklyn. Bucky and Steve had done this several times before and were used to it, but it’s Tony’s first time on the train,
and Tony thankfully doesn’t realize anything is amiss because he’s usually doing most of the talking anyway. But there’s times where he’s purposefully quiet to let Steve talk, too. Steve really appreciates that Tony can tell this is not one of those times.
It’s silent in Steve’s dorm. Tony has a momentary pang of mixed arousal and sympathy for Steve, guessing he’s probably standing in front of the toilet and dying to go but unable to do so. Tony keeps as silent as possible, save for his pulse beating like a drum in his ears, and his labored breathing that he tries like hell to keep silent. He prays that Steve can’t hear him. Not only would that be fucking embarrassing, but then he would be exacerbating Steve’s problem, and that would just make him a terrible boyfriend, kink or no kink.
“Sorry for ruining the moment,” Steve says as they stand together at his small sink.
, he thinks. He was hoping for some semblance of normalcy, but nope. He wants his boyfriend to hold his piss and get super desperate and then release it all over him. And, now he’s getting hard, and he’s naked, and Steve is totally going to notice, shit.
dating and Steve isn’t about to ruin that by admitting he’s a freak who can’t pee in public. Or sometimes when anyone else is home. Or occasionally if the neighbors are being especially loud.
Once the door closes behind him, Steve lets out a desperate hiss between his teeth, wiggling in place for a few seconds. Whenever he’s alone, the desperation is always worse, because he doesn’t have to pretend for anyone else. He reaches down to grip himself until the wave passes, but ends up ripping his hand away too soon when Tony comes back out earlier than expected.
Finally, after what seems like an eternity, Tony feels a small spurt of liquid run down his thigh that’s just a touch warmer than the water from the shower. They’re pressed so closely together in the tiny space that there’s no way Tony wouldn’t have felt it. Steve moans lowly after the fact, which pretty much proves Tony’s hypothesis that Steve just peed down his leg. He feels a touch of arousal pass through him at the feeling, which is an interesting thought but he’ll have to explore that later. Because it was only a quick spurt, which means Steve is still holding a lot and is still desperate to let go.
“I just want you to be comfortable,” Tony murmurs, running a hand up the side of Steve’s thigh. “And I know if we go on this ski trip with everyone else, we’ll be in a cramped rental with a shared bathroom, and I’m... just... I’m worried, okay?”
way. Tony sweeping in means that Steve doesn’t have to worry about anything at all, and Steve feels a very pleasant sinking feeling overtake him.
“Steve, I’m so proud of you!” Bucky tackles him in a bear hug, and Tony glances back at the noise and catches Steve’s eye. He winks, and Steve blushes. “Did you tell your therapist?”
But Steve can’t move because his hand has found a small wet spot on the bed - small, but still there. He
“You have to pee,” Tony says bluntly. Steve cringes, eyes shutting as the words hit his bladder like a physical blow.
“I love you,” Steve tells him, because he tries to let him know every chance he gets.
Steve knows that Tony’s offering to vacate his room for a little while so that he can pee. And he flushes at the thought of Tony knowing he has to go, but at least he doesn’t have to say it out loud or anything.
“I mean, I’ve always been embarrassed at the thought of anyone seeing me need to pee, seeing me pee at all. But knowing you, uh, you like it...” Steve swallows. “You find it... attractive? Really?”
“I’d love to,” Tony says, but a second later he shakes his head. “My parents are coming tomorrow. I guess dad is donating some obscene amount again because some ‘idiotic, good-for-nothing screw up’ blew up the engineering lab. I’m guessing they’ll show up as early as possible to lecture me.”
It is wet!
Steve’s leg is bouncing.
Steve knows something is wrong when Tony doesn’t show up for dinner. He’s gotten better at not losing himself completely in his engineering lab work, and he never,
And then Tony comes. Out of nowhere, untouched, he moans and there’s white streaks of come jumping from his twitching cock. Steve only has a little pee left, so he keeps going until Tony is jittering with oversensitivity.
Steve recognizes his out. Possibly his last chance out, and
It’s Friday, which means everyone met up for dinner around 7 and they ate together in the dining hall. Then, they decided to walk to a local movie theater that offers discounted prices on Friday. Now, it’s nearing midnight, Steve has been holding it for 14 hours, and they’re walking back to campus.
Steve does, and feels truly good for the first time, like maybe everything will be okay.
But when he thinks of that, he thinks he can hear Steve rushing into the bathroom and a wave of arousal comes over him again. He throws his head back, carefully avoiding hitting it on the door, and he gives in to the temptation to slide a hand into his pants and stroke himself carefully.
Steve. I’ve been watching you all day, you tease, you’ve had a lot of water today. More than usual.”
As they’re leaving the dining hall where they’d just had dinner, Steve asks, “Can I sleep over?” He watches the surprise flit over Tony’s face.
“Are you sure?” Bucky asks pointedly.
“Are we almost there?” Tony asks, handing the water back to Steve. He takes it, and tries not to squirm as he puts it back in his bag.
he has to pee, but he does.
“That must be great,” Tony sighs wistfully, clearly thinking about his own single in a suite with a shared bathroom. “My suite mate has long hair and leaves it on the shower walls.”
“I don’t know what you’re talking about,” Steve says faux-innocently. “If you’d let me, I’d go lower with my mouth, too. What about that, Tony? Would you want that? How do you feel about my mouth on your ass?”
“Wow,” Steve says. “I love you.”
“Hey, Tony, wake up,” he says, because there’s nothing he can do about his own need. “We’re stopped, do you have to pee?”
Steve turns without a word, but leaves the door open, so Tony scurries in behind him and shuts the door. He places the soup on the desk and stands awkwardly in the middle of the room, watching Steve. He doesn’t seem sick, but something is clearly not right.
They reach his door and Steve fumbles with the keys a little as Tony keeps chatting away. Steve is trying his best to at least make noises like he’s following along, even though his brain is focused on
Okay, he’s not cruel. He loves Steve, and doesn’t want to see him in pain, ever. There’s was nothing hot about the time he found Steve in wet pants, sobbing in a panic thinking Tony would leave him when he found out about his paruresis. But... seeing Steve so desperate and forced to hold it, and hold it,
The last bit is practically a whisper, and Tony’s heart shatters. There’s nothing hot about this, about seeing Steve dying to release, but unable to because his brain won’t let him; seeing Steve so obviously in pain but not being able to do anything about it. Tony might get turned on watching Steve get desperate, but seeing Steve at this point, past the desperation, is heartbreaking.
“I love you too,” Tony says. His cheeks are still pink but he smiling at Steve in the mirror. “I’m proud of you.”
“Yeah, I’ve been holding it for, what, 19 hours now?” Steve laughs, but it’s painfully self-deprecating. “I have to go so bad.”
He trails off, unable to say it out loud, but Tony sits up straight, eyebrows climbing his forehead. He nods frantically, then tilts his head in thought.
“Trust me, it was one of the best I’ve ever had.
though?”
“I’m gonna go pee real quick, and then I think we should change into pajamas. Or nothing. We could sleep naked, if you want? Think about it.” Tony winks, disappearing into the bathroom.
Steve feels a little flutter in his chest at the sight of Tony so soft and pliant in his arms. “C’mon, we can get up and wash our hands and get ready for bed.”
“Steve,” Tony says softly, eyebrows pulling together. “I love you. I’m not going anywhere.”
But faint arousal still hums through him at Tony’s attention.
Tony plays purposefully dumb, giving Steve a fake confused look. He waits for Steve to speak again.
“Fuck, I have to pee so bad,” Tony moans, wiggling in place. They’re waiting for the crosswalk sign to change to the white walking man instead of the red hand that means stop.
“Oh, god,” Steve groans. His head falls to Tony’s shoulder; he can’t even hold it up anymore, like the rest of his body. “I’m peeing. I’m peeing on your leg.”
He can’t remember falling asleep, but he must have, because he wakes up hours later when the sun has gone down outside. Tony is asleep against his shoulder, and Bucky is awake and playing a game on his phone. Steve sits up a little straighter, trying his best not to wake Tony as he does, and winces a little at his full bladder. That's the problem with getting up earlier, he sometimes forgets to empty his bladder twice in the morning. He usually pees as soon as he wakes up, and he can last until before bed as long as he doesn’t get up too early. But if he does, he needs to remember to pee before he leaves his dorm as well.
“I want to suck you,” Tony gasps out. “Please?”
“Probably,” Steve says, distracted. “Hey, I have to-“
“Just, trust me? I know you’re uncomfortable,” Tony murmurs, “But you do like when I’m touching your dick, right?”
“He’s fine.” Tony is beside him all of the sudden, taking his hand. “I’m taking care of him, I promise.”
“I...” Steve trails off, shrugging self-consciously.
“Um...” Tony blinks. “Can I come in?”
“Great!” Tony exclaims, already rushing back down the hall to the elevator. “I’ll be right back! Love you, honey! See you soon!”
“Hmm?” Steve hums, pulling his attention away from his bladder, and back to his boyfriend.
“I-I wet the bed,” Steve says in a whisper, daring to glance up at Tony’s face. Tony’s brow is furrowed in a combination of concern and confusion. He looks over at the bed they both evacuated.
So, instead, he just nods. “Yeah, okay.”
Tony makes a high keening noise as Steve’s piss hits him, and his hand moves to stroke his cock once, twice, three times. He basks in it, and Steve almost wonders what it feels like, if it’s making Tony feel that good. He has a thought, and as soon as Tony moves his hand away, Steve aims at his dick.
“No worries,” Steve says. His hard on has wilted by now, even after watching Tony come, because he'd just come a few hours earlier and his body has realized it's three in the morning and he shouldn't be awake. “Babe, I was trying to get you to come as fast as possible. I want to get back to bed, I’m exhausted.”
“Steve?” Tony asks, and Steve freezes. Tony blinks up at him, mouth stretched wide around a yawn. “What’s goin’ on?”
“All the time.”
...Well, he certainly wouldn’t mind seeing that. He’s conflicted, though, because he knows that’s practically Steve’s worst nightmare. Especially in public. And Tony definitely isn’t turned on by Steve feeling awful.
“Okay,” Tony said slowly. He continues talking about his latest invention that he was describing earlier, and this time Steve can’t follow along because he’s thinking of a plan.
Tony’s grip tightens on his dick abruptly, and he has to stave off orgasm then and there. “Fuck, Steve. Anytime. Seriously.”
And maybe it’s weird to say that in the bathroom of Steve’s house, but he can’t help it. He’s just done something totally monumental; he hasn’t voluntarily peed with someone else in the room or even within hearing distance in — ever? He, possibly, hasn’t ever done that before now.
Steve frowns a little at that. “You know you could always go see-“
“Ma,” Steve scolds as he breaks away from Tony to jog up the stairs and wrap his mother in a hug. “Put some real shoes on, you’re going to freeze.”
“Tony,” Steve says on a harsh whisper, but Tony just shushes him again. He gently taps Steve’s hands until he lets go, and Tony holds Steve’s cock instead. Steve doesn’t really know where this is going, there’s no way he’ll be able to go when Tony’s right behind him,
, he has to go so bad, but he just
“Oh, god, Steve, I’ve been waiting for this,” Tony says in a harsh whisper, sounding wrecked already. “Been wanting to do this with you for so long, baby.”
“Me too,” Tony agrees. “This is okay for tonight. Or at least round one. Yeah?”
sweats.
And he still has to go!
“I couldn’t... go today,” Steve croaks, face still scrunched in pain. All his energy was wasted in trying to keep the mask up for Tony’s sake, and now he’s drained. “I still can’t, and I haven’t gone since last night.”
“Alright,” Tony says. “Paruresis. Makes sense, I’ve never seen you use the bathroom in public. But then why’d you invite me over?”
Steve expected it to be difficult. He’s not really used to being able to pee right away, it usually takes him a minute or two to feel comfortable enough to let go. But with Tony kneeling in front of him, waiting for it, wanting it... it’s the easiest thing in the world to just release.
, I’m coming, come with me.”
Tony grabs his wrist. “Look, I know you don’t use any bathroom but your own, but you’re desperate. Please, try, for me?”
which Tony should think is sad because it stems from years of having to hold it way too long, but instead he just thinks it's incredibly hot. Tony is definitely hard now. Bucky and Sam no longer exist, for all he knows; all he can see is Steve’s heel tapping up and down on the floor, his empty cup sitting next to his textbook, his bottom lip pulling between his teeth.
Tony strips out of his own clothes, since it’s only fair, and then comes back to his phone. “Okay. Now that we’re
So Steve lets himself relax again, and after a minute there’s another spurt. Then another. And, soon, his bladder decides it’s waited too long and he’s releasing in a small trickle that’s steadily building into a full stream. The whole time, Tony’s in his ear repeating how well Steve is doing.
“Hey,” Tony smiles. “You look much more relaxed, so I’m gonna assume you were able to go?”
Steve’s brain sort of blanks at that. He stops and pulls away from Tony, who is already mumbling apologies.
His bladder is sending increasingly urgent pulses, and he feels a spurt leak into his underwear. He freezes, then, and hisses under his breath as the pressure inside grows and grows and grows until he’s sure he can’t possibly take any more, and then it finally fades away to something more manageable. And it is so cruel that Steve has a bathroom
“You’re good at that too, for me,” Steve says. “I’ve never given a blowjob. But I can’t stop thinking about giving you one. I want to drive you crazy.”
Steve leaves pretty quickly after their conversation, and Tony can see how desperate he is. It makes him so hot that he almost can’t stand it, but he waits for a little while just in case. He’s lazily stroking himself, fully expecting Steve to send a goodnight text instead of calling. He didn’t really think Steve would agree to the phone sex thing, because even though he’s not a virgin, either, he’s still a lot more conservative than Tony. But that’s probably true of a lot of people.
“No,” Steve sobs, pulling away. He needs to explain. “I can’t - I can’t...”
Their room has an attached bathroom, which no one but Steve hesitates to use. Tony is first to go, making apologetic eyes at Steve. Sam and Bucky each take a turn too, and then Bucky is herding Sam out of the room with the excuse of going to check out the game room. Steve is grateful for it, knowing Bucky is just trying to leave Steve and Tony alone so that Steve can try to pee. He’s also a little embarrassed that he’s doing such a bad job at hiding that he needs to go, though.
“Steve likes when I surprise him!” Tony says brightly. He grins at Bucky while resting his head on Steve’s shoulder.
“Hey!” Bucky hits him lightly with his pen. “Focus! You’ve gotta help me with this assignment!”
“I told him,” Steve whispers to Bucky later that afternoon. They’re in the common room at a table, watching Tony, Clint, Sam and Natasha play MarioKart and argue.
“Thanks.”
He trails off, praying Tony just understands as he awkwardly gestures at the bathroom, but even a genius like Tony needs a better explanation than that. He chances a glance at Tony’s face, but he just looks concerned and confused, not disgusted like Steve thought.
“Yeah?” Tony pauses for a moment, debating on whether he should reassure Steve that it was okay that he left, or just move on. He decides on the latter. “Tell me what you would have done if we could have gone longer, then.”
Tony’s babbling, and Steve knows of one sure-fire way to shut him up, so he kisses him. “Tony, slow down and tell me what you want to do.”
“Yeah,” Steve admits, because it’s just him and Tony in the car. “Kinda. It’s not bad yet.”
“Yeah, so’ve I, pal!” Bucky rolls his eyes. “But I’m happy for you, Stevie. Really.”
“I know, I just...” Steve sighs. “I’m going to try to shower. I need one now, anyway.”
“No,” Steve says quickly. He laughs a little shakily. “Definitely not. That is not the problem.”
is holding him back. So, in the back of his mind, he plans to spend the night at Tony’s. He doesn’t pick a specific date, he just waits for the perfect opportunity.
“Sorry,” he says. “I know it’s... it’s a problem for you. I mean, it’s not - it’s not fun for you, I know. But I just, I like... when you’re desperate.”
And, finally, it comes on a random Tuesday. Tony can’t spend the night because he has a project due tomorrow which means he has to be up early to go to the lab and make finishing touches. Steve doesn’t have class until noon tomorrow, and no upcoming art assignment deadlines. And it’s getting late but his bladder doesn’t feel filled to the brim like it usually does.
“I’m not uncomfortable, either,” Steve defends. “Just, y’know, I could do with a bathroom break soon.”
Maybe he’ll just wait for Steve to get desperate enough to ask him to leave. He has to ask eventually, right? Tony can make him wait until then. And, finally, it happens.
“You don’t look like you’re studying anymore,” Steve says with a teasing half-smile. Then he cuts his eyes over to Sam and Bucky, still somehow making out at their table, books long forgotten. “Wanna get out of here?”
All Steve can do is blink at Tony in awe. He’s sure he looks dumb, gaping at Tony with all the love he feels in his eyes; he’s never felt... controlled, but in a good way. In a
It’s like a bucket of ice water over Steve’s head. He’s enjoying teasing Tony, getting desperate for him, so much so that he forgot other people would be able to tell, too. His anxiety creeps back in, reminding him that he is very full and this is not a place with a bathroom he feels comfortable using.
Steve flushes at his words, and Tony softens.
“Okay. Why don’t I take the lead, hm?” Tony suggests, lying back in bed. “I want you to try to relax, Steve. If you’re not already, lay down in your bed.”
“Okay. Okay, let’s get you into the shower, then,” Tony says. He doesn’t like the idea of this slow release, but it’s better than nothing. Steve is in pain, and he won’t stand for that.
Steve nods, flushing a little.
Tony is practically sprinting across campus as soon as he sees his boyfriend’s blond head, ignoring the stares from his peers as he weaves through them in order to reach Steve faster. And when he does, he launches himself forward to hop directly onto Steve’s back, delighting in the way Steve catches him with barely more than a stumble and a soft “Oof.”
So, all this to say, it’s concerning when Tony doesn’t show up to dinner. It isn't a planned date or anything, but Tony had said earlier that he'd be at dinner. Steve checks his phone five times to make sure he didn’t miss a text from his boyfriend. He heads to the engineering lab after eating, with a to-go bag of Tony’s favorites. Sure enough, Tony is there, and he’s hammering away at some piece of metal. Loud rock music blaring across the lab and there are no other students here.
It’s another half-hour before Tony’s bladder very pointedly reminds him that it needs to be emptied,
Steve quickly rushes into the bathroom to clean off his hand before positioning himself in front of the toilet. He’s able to go in record time, maybe because of the lingering tipsiness or the leftover afterglow from his orgasm, he’s not sure. He’s finally empty, though, just as Tony slides back into his room with a pink toothbrush.
“Yeah, but I could’ve... I could’ve done something for you, first,” Steve says, looking down.
weren’t really invited,” Bucky mutters, but his eyes are teasing.
He loves the feeling of having Tony’s cock in his mouth, loves the feel of him on his tongue, the feel of Tony’s fingers pulling his hair. He’s so hard that his jeans are uncomfortable, so he reaches down to unbutton them, and wiggles them down and kick them off. He’s still in his boxers, and he’s tenting them, he’s sure, but he doesn’t look down to check.
Steve has never spent the night in Tony’s dorm, for obvious reasons. He’d like to, of course. He loves Tony, and Tony’s room is littered with his half-finished inventions, and sketches of ideas, and equations scribbled down onto scrap pieces of paper. It’s the perfect reflection of Tony’s mind, and Steve itches to draw him in that space, just as he’s drawn him in the lab. He has a few unfinished drawings of Tony’s room, but he hardly goes over there anyway. He and Tony both have full schedules of classes, and when Steve’s not in class, he’s in the art studio, and the same goes for Tony with the lab. They fit in time with each other on weekends and at nights during the week, which means they’re usually in Steve’s dorm.
Steve’s reply is immediate.
“Love you too, To - Oh!” Steve comes with a shout, not considering for a moment that his neighbors on either side of them might hear. Tony’s not far behind, muffling a loud groan in Steve’s shoulder as his hips spasm into Steve’s hand. They’re both panting as they come down, and Tony winces as he pulls his sticky hand out of Steve’s pants. Steve has to grab his wrist with his own clean hand when Tony goes to wipe it on the bed sheets.
“Tony, I’m fine. I love spending time with you, you know that,” Steve said, feeling his face heat as he thought about what else he was about to say. “And I already told you that I - that I want to... that I’m attracted to you.”
It’s full, of course. It’s always full by this time at night. But he skipped his workout today, so he didn’t drink as much water as he usually does. Which means there’s less fluid in his body, making him less desperate. He sees this as the perfect time to try to sleep in Tony’s dorm.
have Tony over, now, and they can eventually -
Steve lives four houses down from Bucky, so it doesn’t take them much longer to reach his house. His ma is standing on the front porch waiting for them, bouncing up and down in excitement and because it’s below twenty degrees and she’s in her slippers.
Tony shifts in his sleep, soft snores ending, and Steve knows he’s about to wake up. Soon enough, Tony wakes with a cute scrunch of his nose, and blinks sleepily at Steve before his face lights up with a smile.
“No,” Steve smiles a little dopily. “And we worked out plans, so he can sleep over and stuff.”
He gets Tony’s dick back in his mouth as soon as he can, both because he loves it, Steve Rogers
Steve works Tony’s cock with his mouth, feels Tony leaking pre-cum, and slides a second finger in Tony’s ass, then a third, and then all four are thrusting in and out. Tony is throwing his hips down to meet Steve’s hand, moaning so loud that Steve feels bad for his suite-mates. Steve uses his free hand to stroke himself at a punishingly slow pace, too afraid he’ll come before Tony even does. He loves being able to pull this side out of Tony, to have him practically screaming in pleasure.
But for now, Tony’s working hypothesis is that Steve has to pee. Pretty badly, if he had to guess, because it’s getting close to 9:00pm, which means Steve hasn’t been to a bathroom in twelve hours. Christ, his bladder control is
He decides to hold it a little longer, and grabs another cup of coffee from the machine in the corner. He grabs Peter a cup, too, and Peter grunts at him in thanks. Tony settles back at his station, but he’s not able to focus the way he was before. His bladder is pulsating in his abdomen, sending increasingly urgent signals that it needs release,
“Oh, god, sorry,” Steve gasps, trying to pull away. Tony pulls him closer.
He wants nothing more than to get a few fingers up Tony’s ass, stretch them as wide as Tony can take, watch Tony go wild with pleasure. He also thinks about filling Tony with something else,
“Seriously, what’s wrong?” Tony asks, and he’s in front of Steve now, grasping his forearms. “Honey, you’re scaring me. Tell me what’s up.”
“What I’m trying to say is that I’m here for you. I can do whatever you need so that you feel comfortable, okay?” Tony waits for him to nod. Then he leans in, capturing Steve’s mouth in a messy kiss before turning back to the sink to brush his teeth.
The image changes again, and suddenly he and Steve are standing fully clothed in the elevator in Steve’s dorm building. Steve is squirming, clutching his dick.
“Thanks, baby,” Tony says to Steve, waving to Rhodey. The group splits up; Rhodey, Pepper, Thor, Loki, and Peter head to south campus, while Sam, Bucky, Bruce, Nat, Clint, Steve and Tony all head to north campus.
Steve feels his cheeks redden, but he’s not embarrassed enough to stop arching his hips up to match Tony’s thrusts. “I liked knowing you were watching me.”
already.
Steve shudders, eyes fluttering closed, and Tony really can’t help but kiss him gently. He keeps it chaste, using it as a comfort. Still, Steve can’t seem to relax enough to release again.
“Oh, wow,” Tony says when he sees the walls. “This is beautiful, Steve. Can you do up my dorm room like this?”
Steve frowns. “You know that’s not true, right? You’re not an idiot, or good for nothing, or a screw up. You’re the best, smartest person I know.”
Tony can’t help but follow Steve’s orders, and he comes hard into his fist, hips canting up as he chases his pleasure over that peak. By the time he comes down from his orgasm, Steve is panting heavily over the phone while he whispers sweet nothings.
“Okay. But if you still can’t go, then I’m going to go for a walk. I’ll text you the whole time, stay in your building, but I won’t have you uncomfortable,” Tony says sternly, and Steve can’t resist kissing him. Tony, thankfully, kisses back, but it’s cut short by Steve’s bladder painfully reminding him to get moving.
Tony’s eyes go soft. “Love you too, honey.”
“Was the train okay? Steve said you hadn’t ridden it before, I hope you didn’t get motion sick or anything,” Ma says, bustling Tony up the porch stairs and into the house. “And I hope you’re okay sleeping with Steve in his bed — it’s a bit small, but we don’t have a guest bed and the couch is just awfully lumpy. I made some chicken and mashed potatoes for dinner if either of you are hungry. You probably are after all that traveling, right? Oh, Tony, you’re so thin, you must eat something. And Steve, you too! Have you lost weight, honey? If you don’t want chicken, we have canned soup, or bread and meat for sandwiches, or-“
“Yeah?” Tony repeats, a nervous half-smile forming. “What about your test?”
“Steve,” Tony pulls back to mumble. “We’re in my suite bathroom.”
“Yeah. I’m back,” Tony sighs. His stream finally dies out and he can feel himself getting hard in his jeans now. The wetting doesn’t really do it for him — but the desperation and the final relief definitely does. He can’t wait to jerk off to the memory of his own desperation — and Steve’s — in the shower.
He tries to quickly make his way back to his dorm, but his need is getting critical now. His bladder is swollen out from his abdomen, a visible protrusion between his hips, and he feels like the piss sloshes inside him with every step. He’s just over halfway there when the first leak jets into his boxer-briefs, and panic makes his chest tight.
Okay, no. Distract. He has to distract himself. So, instead he thinks about the dumb movie they saw, and the way Tony made fun of the characters, but silently, only for Steve. He’d turn in his seat to Steve and mouth along with the lines like he knew what they were going to say, dramatizing his movement in his face. Steve couldn’t even remember what the plot was, only that it wasn’t very good, and -
sucking cock, and because Tony still looks a little unsure and Steve wants to get back to making him moan. He also slicks his fingers and traces around the tense muscle of Tony’s hole, humming a little when Tony jumps at the contact.
Steve pulls away to breathe, resting his forehead against Tony’s, and this time the burst of piss doesn’t end. It becomes a thin trickle, and then a thick stream. Steve goes practically boneless, and Tony is left holding him up with the help of the shower walls.
“Fuck, Steve. I’m a little keyed up, sorry,” Tony apologizes, but Steve is staring at him like he’s the center of the universe.
know the answer, because his whole world revolves around Tony at this point. He loves this small, brunette genius so much that he can’t comprehend anyone hating him, let alone the man who is
“Sure,
“You could have gone at the station,” Steve says, voice only a little wobbly. He’d give anything to be able to use that bathroom.
“Hey, you back yet?” Steve asks, luckily sounding too distracted to notice the way Tony is practically moaning in relief.
“Mom,” Steve interrupts, smiling a bit at her mother-henning. “Chicken and potatoes sounds great. But I think we should put our stuff down first, and get settled.”
love and protect him.
Tony’s phone rings, and though he’s surprised that Steve actually called, he’s not complaining. “Hey, sweetheart.”
“Sorry, sorry, I'm still mostly asleep,” Tony says, but his eyes flick quickly over Steve’s slightly-tense form. “
. But he’d sooner throw himself off the top of the dorm building they’re sitting in than tell Steve about his newly discovered piss kink.
“I want you to pee on me,” Tony breathes, cheeks only a little pink. He looks thoroughly debauched, eyes wide, lips red, clothes rumpled, hair sticking up. “If you - if you don’t mind. I’ve sorta been thinking about it for
“Why does my father hate me?” Tony finally asks after awhile, and Steve’s heart breaks. He doesn’t know the answer, he
“What?”
“Yeah, I get there picture,” Bucky cuts him off before he has to say the words, for which Steve is grateful. “So, he knows, huh? And he’s okay? He didn’t run screaming?”
“Steve?” Tony pokes his head back around the door, eyes looking a little more alert than they were a moment before. Maybe that’s why he quickly deciphers what’s wrong. "You have to... go?"
“Oh,” Tony says dumbly. And then he presses forward to kiss Steve, and Steve can’t help hitching his hips against Tony. “I can work with that.”
Steve gasps, hips hitching, and he has to stop moving suddenly or he’s going to come in his pants. Or pee his pants; he’s not sure which will happen first at this point.
Tony turns bright red, flush spreading from his cheeks down his neck. He looks down a little, for a moment, and then nods quickly.
“I’ll study later,” Steve says quickly. “Can we - can we leave now?”
“But, alas, nature calls,” Tony says dramatically, climbing over Steve to get to the bathroom.
like any other college student. He doesn’t want to feel like his stupid
“I don’t know,” Steve murmurs, and lets Tony cry into his shoulder for another few minutes. When Tony pulls away, he looks no better than before, just numb.
Steve wants to laugh at Tony’s vehemence, but his bladder agrees. It definitely doesn’t want to wait.
Tony nods along, his cheeks still a dull pink. He looks a bit overwhelmed, but he’s still smiling a little, eyes wandering over the pictures of Steve when he was younger and old art projects on the walls.
Something settles in Steve’s chest at the sight of Tony in his bed, fully clothed, just lounging like he belongs there. He suddenly fiercely wishes they lived together, even though they’re still in college, even with his issue. He wants it so suddenly that he feels dizzy.
“I’m sure. I’ll be fine for the night. Okay?” Steve says.
Steve wakes up warm and happy, with Tony snoring away on his chest. He smiles at the sight of his boyfriend, content to just lay there all morning with him.
“But, Steeeeeeve,” Tony groans dramatically. “I’m gonna die. My bladder is going to explode.”
is nothing compared to his low groan when he finds his prostate. He definitely can’t hear it, anyway, with the way he’s lost in the fantasy inside his head.
Steve’s not sure Tony fully understood him. He smiles fondly at his boyfriend. “Tony. We need to get up or I’ll ruin the bed.”
“Hey, wanna sleep over?” Steve asks, cheeks going pink. His eyes are soft and so blue, his smile curling up the corners of his mouth. Tony loves him so much. “We could get breakfast.”
The walk there is normally quick, but it feels like forever to Steve this time. Tony keeps up with chatter about his latest project, and Steve hums and nods where appropriate while trying desperately to think of a way he could get a moment alone in his room so he could piss. His bladder keeps making unhelpful nudges that make Steve squeeze his thighs together, unsure when he’ll get the relief it’s begging for.
It’s him and Steve, of course, because there’s no point in imagining anyone else when he’s dating the pinnacle of human perfection already. They’re making out, and instead of Tony’s hands on himself, in his head it’s Steve’s hands over his cock and buried inside his ass. His fingers would be way thicker than Tony’s, though, so Tony compensates by spreading his own so his hole stretches in a pleasurable burn. As he gets closer and closer to orgasm, the image in his head loses any tether to reality. Now he’s imagining Steve fucking him, making his hole loose and sloppy, and holy shit, it almost feels real with the way Tony is desperately thrusting his fingers against his prostate until it feels bruised. He fists his dick fast, twisting around the head, he’s so close now.
He knows what Tony’s worried about: a week long trip with a group of broke college students means he definitely won’t have access to his own private bathroom, and he’ll be in unfamiliar circumstances, which always makes him nervous. And he would be lying if he said he wasn’t worried about it, but he’s pretty confident that he can handle it. Especially with Tony there to help him.
“Don’t go,” he begs. “I’m afraid - I’m afraid if you leave you won’t come back.”
They all walk together the rest of the way; Bucky lives a few houses down from Steve on the same street. Steve’s mom had wanted to meet them at the station, but he’d asked her not to. He had an inkling Tony would be nervous, and he was right.
because he definitely wasn’t sharing it with Tony earlier. He’s also biting his lip and furrowing his brow, but that might be from the 15th century art he’s studying, Tony’s not entirely sure. He’d need more data to draw any conclusive evidence.
Steve cuts him off by shaking his head sharply. “I’ve known Bucky for 15 years, now, and I still can’t go if he’s in hearing distance.”
Tony blinks, trying not to moan as his dick jumps at Steve’s words. For a moment, all he wants is to hold Steve down and rut against him until he comes or Steve pees, whichever happens first. But even through the haze of arousal, he knows that’s wrong. Steve would definitely hate that, and probably think he some sort of perverted freak, which is not what he wants.
Steve winces again. “No, go ahead. I’m used to waiting. That’s probably too much pressure anyway.”
Bucky and Steve quietly chat for awhile before Tony wakes up. He blinks sleepily at Steve before quietly requesting a sip of water. As Steve reaches for the bottle, he winces at the sound of the water sloshing inside. Bucky gives him a sympathetic look, recognizing the sign of Steve’s desperation after years of friendship. But he knows there’s nothing to be done until Steve is home, so he doesn’t say anything. Talking about it always makes Steve even more uncomfortable.
Tony laughs a little, but not to be mean. “You’ve never done this before, huh? Neither have I, but we both know I don’t have any shame whatsoever.”
“Fuck, Steve, you’re so full,” Tony says in his ear, sounding a little dazed. “You’re bladder is as hard as a rock.”
“You like it,” Steve says dumbly. “You like when I have to pee.”
“Shit, Steve, my brain isn’t even back online yet,” Tony laughs, a little shaken up. “I love you too. You totally deserve me, you’re the best person I’ve ever met.”
Steve hums around Tony’s dick, feeling it twitch in his mouth. He remembers when Tony gave him a blowjob, and he goes to do the same thing Tony did, press on his taint. But Tony lifts his hips a little so that Steve’s fingers slide a little lower, bumping against the ridged ring of his hole.
— before the stream finally trickles off and he can tuck his cock back into his pants. The embarrassment doesn’t hit until he looks up and sees Tony’s surprised face, complete with beet red cheeks and an open mouth. The faucet is still on, and Tony’s hands are under it — he’d been washing his hands when Steve busted in and he’d just paused and never finished.
The answer to that is probably yes, but Tony is beginning to care less and less. This kink, that he didn’t even know he had before Steve, is beginning to take over his life. Because his boyfriend is desperate every damn day, and he enjoys it so much, Tony thinks about piss all the time. Too much.
“Shit, Tony,” Bucky curses, obviously startled. Tony can’t see Steve’s face directly, but he can tell even from his limited view of the side of his cheek that he’s grinning as wide as he can.
“Tone? You coming?” Rhodey asks.
“Uhhh,” Tony hesitates, and Steve sees a flush come across his cheeks as, for the first time that night, he’s actually embarrassed by his situation. Steve feels sympathetic as his own bladder squeezes in desperation.
Ohhhhhhhhhh I ended it at the best part!!! I want there to be a whole chapter or two dedicated to Steve's ultimate fantasy turned reality. I hope you all enjoyed this chapter!!
Steve gripped the mouse so hard that it shattered. "Oh no! No no no no!" The soldier cried, pathetically trying to piece the mouse back together.
Steve cocked an eyebrow. “What’s that?”
"This is wrong," Steve said as he clicked the link to read more. He knew he shouldn't but one peek couldn't hurt, right?
“Now…” Clint trailed off, taking in a ragged breath before exhaling. “Suck me off,” his eyes never left the soldier’s. "Tony said you were a pro.”
No argument there. Bruce slowly brought his hand to Steve’s right nipple, took it between his thumb and index finger and gave it an experimental pinch. Steve’s eyes blew wide and he cried out in pleasure.
“Fuck-“ Bruce whispered breathless. He lost his precise rhythm and began to wildly buck his hips as his orgasm began to take hold. The vibrations from Steve’s moans of ecstasy became too much for Tony. “Swallow it all, slut.” And with a final hard thrust he rammed his cock down Steve’s throat as far as it could go and he came.
“Holy shit…” Tony breathed. This was going to be the best night ever.
Steve couldn't stop his eyes from widening, he was totally dumbstruck.
“That wasn’t a request.” Tony’s voice was firm. “On the bed, soldier.” The genius hastily removed his own pants and boxers. Much better.
“And they knew about your sex drive… how?” Tony glanced at Steve and cocked an eyebrow, but continued his task. “I walked in on a few of the men trying to get off by masturbation… Something happened, I couldn’t help myself.” Steve moaned, his hand picking up the pace. “I got on my knees and sucked them off right there. They didn’t even protest… god my uniform was so tight… ahhh- my huge cock got so hard when I sucked them. Their cum tasted so good. I needed more…” Steve was pumping his length with fast, long strokes.
Bruce sat back and watched as Steve’s body writhed and arched as he came all over himself. All the while Steve’s eyes never left Bruce. Just seeing the other man there, knowing that his command is what made him spill over the edge added to the intensity and longevity of the orgasm.
“I gotta get in on this!” Tony exclaimed as he sat on the bed. He watched as Bruce fucked into Steve and the two men made eye contact. They smiled to each other and Bruce pulled out and plunged back inside, finally bottoming out at the same time Tony pinched Steve’s nipples. Steve cried out and came all over himself. Bruce now continuously fucked him hard and Tony played with his sensitive tits.
Tony grasped Steve’s chest and squeezed, digging his nails into the sore flesh, giving the soldier the sweet burn he so desperately wanted. Steve gasped in pain filled pleasure and started to cum. His whole body jerked forward and he opened his mouth and let out the most pornographic sound the billionaire had ever heard. Tony kept squeezing and kneading Steve’s chest through his tenth orgasm.
If Steve dialed down his desires he would feel like he was lying to Tony. They might end up having sex again, then what? Does Steve reveal how long he can keep it up the second time? Either way Tony was going to get to know exactly how kinky the soldier was sooner or later.
it. He could feel the hot cum gushing inside him with each powerful throb of that monster cock. He could feel The Hulk completely taking over his body, transforming it into his own personal cum dump, exactly what Steve wanted...
A grunt from Steve snapped Tony out of his trance. “T- Tony…” Steve groaned. “Do somethi- Ahhh!!” he cried out when Tony smacked his ass. “You don’t command me, soldier. I’m in charge.” Tony ran his fingers over the skin he just hit. “If you want something, I might give it to you if you ask nicely.”
Clint drew Steve back and off him, a thick glob of saliva dripped onto the floor. Steve gasped for air for only a moment before dick was forced down his throat again. Clint held him there. Steve shuttered from the lack of oxygen and gagged, making strained muffled noises in his throat. Clint still held him there. Steve gagged harder and strained to breathe.
“Nice cum shot.” Tony commented while Steve hungrily opened his mouth to lick whatever he could reach. The brunette slowed his pace, watching as Steve’s orgasm lessened. Finally he stopped fucking Steve and slid the dildos out of Steve’s gaping hole. The soldier’s cum flow finally began to subside to a steady drip. Even after that intense orgasm, Steve’s dick was still rock hard against his cum soaked abs.
A few hours went by and Clint had joined him on the couch in that time. They sat closely together, Steve all but nuzzled into Clint’s side as they watched the movie, not a sexual touch exchanged despite the obvious bulge from how hard Steve was. Steve liked how relaxed their relationship was, how Clint didn’t seem to want to blindly use him, and the soldier was ok with that. Some variety in his sex life didn't hurt one bit.
“Tony- do I…” Steve groaned when he ran his thumb over the slit of his dick. “Do you think I look hot?”
Steve nuzzled Tony’s growing clothed erection almost affectionately, before he captured the zipper in his teeth and pulled it down. Tony made a move to take off his pants, but Steve stopped him with a wave of his hand. He wanted Tony to wear his pants for this; it reminded him of the quickies he used to give in the army.
Steve removed his pants first, sighing with relief when his big cock was out of it’s confines. He was already fully hard from the anticipation. With shaky hands he unbuttoned his shirt and removed his tank top underneath revealing a sort of bra. It dug into his skin from the fullness of his chest. It stung and was uncomfortable, but the sight of something that was now three sizes too small made his cock drip with copious amount of precum.
“Do what you’re told, like a good soldier and I’ll give you what you need,” Bruce released his grasp on the super soldier’s length. “Get on the bed and barely touch yourself. Give yourself the least contact with  your hand that you can.”
Tony looked back at Clint with a frown. “Haven’t you learned how Steve’s body works yet? I would have assumed having your cock deep throated by absolute perfection a few nights ago would have made things clear…” Tony tugged Steve’s shorts down revealing his ass to Clint.
“Once more, I know you can do it.” Tony cooed, swirling his finger around the soldier’s nipple though the cooling cum. “I’ll open you up, make you feel good.” Steve whined biting his bottom lip, squeezing his eyes shut. “You tell me what to do, I’ll do it. You can command me.” Tony whispered.
Those words made Tony and Clint both groan. Steve’s gaze quickly flicked to them and yeah, they were touching themselves, getting off to such a beautiful sight. It filled Steve with such pride, so happy that the two were getting off by just watching how much his body could take.
Even though he knew any more stimulation would make him cum, suddenly just nipple play and humping the mirror didn’t satisfy him. Steve drew his right hand up to his mouth and took his index and middle fingers inside. He let his saliva pool under is tongue and lapped at his fingers, coating them in wetness and drew them out. He turned his head and rested his cheek against the mirror and stuck his ass out, then pulled his cheeks apart as best he could with his left hand and his right hand plunged his two fingers into his needy hole. He fucked himself hard and fast, adding a third finger seconds later. The side of his lips rested against the mirror and he licked the glass, wishing he could make out with himself. “N- not gonna last-“ Steve choked out between moans. “P- please-”
Steve screamed and his body uncontrollably spasming in The Hulk’s grip as he felt the first wave of cum explode inside him. It was a torrent of thick cum that quickly flooded Steve’s insides, filling him up, making his belly expand with the thick fluid.
Tony bucked into Steve harder and jacked him off with fast strokes as he continued, tearing Steve from his thoughts, his voice low. “Use you even when you passed out from exhaustion, because you’re nothing but a cum dump.”
Steve was panting now, oh so close to release, eyes rolling back, out of his mind. “Fuck yes, Tony! I’m your slut! Ahhhhh! It’s like I was made to be a sex slave! Fuuuuuck!” Steve threw his head back and came, painting his abs and chest in thick lines of white. The orgasm only lasted a few seconds before Steve collapsed forward onto Tony.
“Mmm Tony. I’m so sensitive,” the soldier groaned. “E-every touch is like fire on my skin! Ahh!” Steve yelped when Tony firmly grasped his pecs in both hands from behind. “Your tits are so delicious, Steve…” he whispered into the soldier’s ear. Tony’s hands easily slid over the wet skin, each of his fingers grazing his nipples as he rubbed up and down. Steve moaned, his chest contracting and jumping under the stimulation.
“Please fuck me."
“Tony when you meet Bruce in the lab today… could you ask him?”
“Bruce, I’m ready for more.” Steve’s eyes wandered down to his painfully hard erection. “I want this... I need this…" Steve swallowed and bit his lip, his brows knit together in desperation. "Please fuck me!”
Steve suddenly felt self-conscious. It was one thing when he was being fucked by Tony, or talking about his past while touching himself, but it was another thing to masterbate to his own reflection. He bit his bottom lip while a pink shade of embarrassment spread across his face. He drew himself close to the mirror, his heart rate accelerating. He turned his head and rested his cheek against the glass. He drew his hands up to his chest and began to play with his nipples. He dragged his nails over them, drawing low groans out of himself. Without thinking, his tongue darted from between his lips and lapped against his reflection.
Tony said nothing.
“Why are you getting off alone in here?” Tony stepped closer to the other man. “I- ughhhhh… Washed myself off in the shower a- and when I saw myself all wet and hard I couldn’t help it-“ Steve gave a choked explanation. “That dildo I gave you didn’t help either,” Tony remarked.
my hole.”
Bruce gave a few more thrusts and with a sigh he came inside Steve. Steve felt himself being filled, claimed by cock, by cum, by these two men. He felt Bruce continue to cum more than a normal man. So fucking good. Steve gave a muffled gagging groan around Tony as he came again. His body convulsed violently, every muscle tight, hips bucking wildly. Cum showered on Steve, spattering his entire body in the obscene fluid. Wave after wave spilled from his throbbing cock, his mind lost in absolute bliss.
The Hulk finally stilled, his hips pressed tightly against Steve’s sinful ass and he too seamed to gaze down in wonder at how the soldier was able to handle his cock. The giant member was visibly twitching against Steve’s insides, making the soldier moan from the explosion of pleasure.
(See the end of the chapter for
His half lidded hungry eyes stayed fixed on Clint who stood there, watching him. Watching him do these dirty things. Watching him writhe and lose control from his own hand. Watching him as he came with a sinful moan, spilling into his pants over and over.
“Uhhhhh-“ Steve groaned thrusting his hips to feel some friction from Tony’s grip on his dick. “Tony,” Steve’s voice was low, his breathing slightly labored. “I’m your sex toy.” His cock throbbed and his dick drooled out a thick load of cum despite Tony’s tight grip. “I’m yours, whenever and wherever you need a hole. Mmmm… Tony just say the word I’ll do anything you ask.” Another load dripped out and Steve reached a hand around to his own ass and slid a water slick finger inside his needy hole. Steve spoke through high pitched moans. “Ahh ah. Wake me up with your cock deep inside me. Don’t ask permission- just uhhh- fuck me hard and dirty whenever you want.” Steve’s voice shook, he was so close.
“Tony- Please.” Steve gazed at him, his hunger growing. “I want you, Bruce and Clint to fuck me.” Steve swallowed thickly. "I need The Other Guy to fuck me.”
“They fucked my tits,” Steve’s hand traveled up to his perfect chest and pinched a nipple, hard. “Ahhhh!” Steve cried out and cum splattered onto his stomach. He continued to stroke himself while his other hand played with his nipples. “They would push my tits together and fuck them with their dicks.  Mmm so much cum on my face.” Steve’s tongue rolled out of his mouth, slowly licking his sinfully delicious lips. “I would take two cocks in my ass, sometimes three.” Steve’s hand on his dick moved sporadically while his other hand twisted his nipple, eliciting another moan.
Steve groaned as his eyes slightly opened. Confusion filled his brain, as he was in that state of not knowing if he was still dreaming. Only half awake, Steve was becoming aware of a very familiar feeling of pleasure. He could feel his welcoming hole being rocked into, steady and precise, his prostate being hit again and again. “Ahhh…” the soldier groaned, finally realizing he was being fucked awake.
"Fuck fuck fuck!" Wave after wave of jizz spilled all over Steve's sculpted body as his ass was pounded without mercy. The brunette gave a twisted smile and with his free hand he picked up a fourth dildo and slowly inserted it, his talented hands never breaking the fast pace he was fucking Steve with. Tony groaned, marveling at how Steve's ass swallowed the fourth dildo, knowing he could add more. "How is that stretch?"
- Too- much~
Steve could no longer communicate, his body feeling nothing but unrelenting, agonizing pleasure as the Hulk’s orgasm began to ebb, the orgasm not lasting a long time, but the amount that was released was incredible. The soldier's eyes were rolled into his skull and he flexed and spasmed as orgasms continued to rip through his body in a painful, but oh so obscenely pleasurable state of orgasm.
Steve’s heart began to pound faster in his chest. There was something so erotic about being watched on video. He wondered for a moment if Clint or Tony were also recording this so they could watch it again… or so he could watch it. Maybe they would show other people so that they could see what a talented mouth he has. How good he is. How much he could take. Those very un-Captain America thoughts made his dick twitch and drip in response.
The soldier continued to play with his nipples, enjoying how his tits jumped under the stimulation. He violently twisted the hard nubs, and practically screamed from the pain. He went rigid and nearly came, but he managed to fight it back once more. Steve gasped, his breath fast and uneven. He was so hard it hurt and his balls felt swollen and heavy. He couldn’t last much longer.
“You’re so sexy. Mmm so tight.” Tony gasped against Steve’s lips. “My dick in your sloppy hole is the best thing I’ve ever felt. Does it feel good my lovely slut?” He thrust faster making Steve groan. “Yes-“ Steve gasped. “I’m your slut. Cum in my gaping fuck hole!” Shit, Steve saying those naughty things was just what Tony needed.
As Steve sucked the billionaire's cock he reached around and slid one finger into his own needy hole. Tony’s jaw dropped as he watched Steve’s ass swallow a second finger, then a third just moments later. “You- ahh… fingered yourself beforehand?” Tony was impressed. Steve slowly sunk onto Tony, his cock hitting the back of the soldier’s throat and didn’t draw away. He looked up at Tony and gave a long groan, thrusting his fingers in deep.
“You know, I saw what you were doing,” Clint continued to trace the outline of Steve’s dick through his obscenely wet and sticky pants. “You were moving your hips, trying so hard to hide it.” Clint looked Steve in the eye, pointed to his own with his free hand and gave a cheeky smile. “These eyes see all my dear Cap.”
Steve uncapped the lube he took out of his pocket moments before and coated his fingers with a generous amount.
“Gonna cum, Steve,” Clint barely finished the sentence before he shoved his cock as far down as it could go and shot his hot load inside. Steve’s eyes rolled back in ecstasy and came, gurgling and gagging around Clint’s throbbing cock.
Steve shifted and put his two feet on the floor. He turned to the full-length mirror that stood in back of them. “Look at that body, Steve. Don’t tell me you don’t consider yourself the hottest thing on this earth.” Steve hesitated for a second. He was with Tony, he’s done so much already, this little confession won’t hurt. “I do,” Steve admitted. “Sometimes I wish I could have sex with myself. That’s why… I like looking in a mirror. I love my body for some of the dirtiest reasons imaginable… But I…” Steve trailed off and brushed his shaft with the tips of his fingers. “I love being like this… able to cum for hours,” Steve took this dick in his hand, staring at himself in the mirror. “Taking big things inside my ass, loving intense pain, having men cum all over me-“ Steve stroked himself. “To have thirty men cum inside my mouth and my ass in one night-” Steve suddenly turned looking the genius in the eye. “Tony-“ his voice cracked, his eyes glazed over with hunger. Something in Steve’s brain snapped him back into that hyper lusty mode.
Thank so much for reading!!! :>
(See the end of the chapter for
The feeling of Tony’s three lubed fingers sliding inside his ass snapped Steve out of his hazy thoughts. Tony worked slowly, working up to his forth finger, despite Steve’s protesting whimpers.
“Really well,” Steve replied with a smirk before walking over to the counter to pour himself some coffee.
“Steve, wanna take a shower?” Tony suggested, because damn they needed it more than ever. Steve’s eyes slowly opened, he absentmindedly licked his lips, swallowed the cum on his face and grinned. "Damn right."
“So can you look this over an see if everything is correct?” Bruce glanced up again and finally did a double take. He stared at the other man for a second. “Why are you smiling so much?” He asked tilting his head slightly.
Finally Steve was getting fucked by two men. Fuck this is what he's wanted, what he's needed. Getting filled in his mouth and ass made his feel so dirty and fuuuuck it just feels so good.
“It’s been a long time since I’ve had my cock sucked. I forgot how damn good it feels. Ughhhh-” Steve thrust slowly, enjoying watching his massive dick penetrate the wet hole. He moved his hand from Tony’s hair to his lips. “Look at you, wrapped so tightly around my super soldier cock.” Tony lifted his gaze and looked into Steve’s half lidded, lust filled eyes. “Mmmmmmm that’s it. Look at me while you get stuffed with my aching dick. I want to flood your insides with my thick cum.” He punctuated his last word with a sharp snap of his hips, burying his cock deeper, hitting the back of the other man’s throat, making him gag.
“Listen to yourself.” Tony plunged the forgotten dildo that was in Steve’s ass from before further inside. Steve’s eyes blew wide and he threw his head back onto the pillow, making a truly obscene "Uhhhhhh..." “Good whore,” Tony rode Steve harder, drawing out more sinful moans from the soldier.
Steve stood from the chair and circled the table to Clint. “Thank you, it means a lot that you want to make sure I’m comfortable…” the soldier leaned down and placed a kiss on Clint’s lips. “But I’m fine with anything,” he breathed as he slowly drew away before walking over to fill his coffee cup.
Bruce commands Steve to cum and startes to experiment, like a true scientist should!
“Keep this in all day, understand? I have plans for tonight,” Tony breathed into Steve’s ear as he tugged up the soldier’s shorts before turning on his heel. “Gonna be in the lab with Bruce, see you later!” He said as he walked out.
Steve didn’t hesitate. His hand shot down straight into his pants. He groaned when his hand wrapped around his slick cum covered cock and jerked himself off.
Steve stood up straight and stepped out of the shower. Tony took note of all the cum on the bathroom wall and followed. “Lean back against the wall,” Tony commanded. Steve didn’t argue and did as he was told, wondering what was going to happen next.
(See the end of the chapter for
Steve panted and moaned into the crook of Tony’s neck, his arms wrapped around Tony’s body, desperately clinging to his shirt. “You’re so hard for me,” Tony thrust his crotch and thigh up and down, giving the soldier more friction. “Mmm such a good slut.”
“Mmmm yeah, just like that,” Clint groaned encouragingly while picking up the object he had placed on the dresser moments before.
Tony handed Steve another towel. “Thanks,” he wiped the cum off himself yet again. “Did you like the show?” “Hated it actually.” Tony said with a smirk. Steve smiled. “Well I’ll have to have some audience participation this time.”
Steve's first time inside someone.
Tony crept up to the door and waited for Jarvis to open it for him. As soon as the door gave the slightest crack the sound of Steve’s moans of ecstasy reached Tony’s ears. He should have known… Putting a sex crazed Steve Rogers in the bathroom with a dildo would probably— What Tony saw before him ripped him out of his thoughts. He stiffened, pulling back in surprise, his eyes wide.
Steve stirred as he laid in bed in a deep sleep, a familiar feeling ran through him. It was a slow burn, sending sweet waves of pleasure steadily through his entire body. In his dream he was hard and dripping while being fucked in the ass. As he slept, Steve quietly groaned and gripped the sheets. He moved unconsciously, mimicking the actions from his dream. “Ahhhh-“ Steve groaned loudly as he came from his dream, spilling cum onto the bed. This was the best, most realistic wet dream he has ever had. It almost was as if…
Steve breathed a sigh of relief as he finally closed the door to his bedroom. He ran his hands through his hair as he slowly walked to his bed and sat down heavily. Finally he was home after being on a mission for three days. Finally he was alone.
“Come on Steve…” Tony whispered. "Cum.”  Steve gave a choked sob as his body was wracked with another orgasm then another then another seconds later. Then… Oh god he just kept cumming.
“Steve, I’m gonna cum,” Tony was breathless. “God, you’re such a filthy whore.” He gasped, his eyes shut tight. “Fuck, Steeeeve!” Tony gave one final thrust, releasing inside the soldier. The feeling of the hot cum shooting in his ass made Steve’s brain short circuit. He grasped Tony hard, enough for his fingers to mark the other man’s skin. Steve screamed, cum erupting from his cock. The cum flooded in-between their bodies and pooled between Steve’s cleavage. His grasp went lax for a moment and gave Tony just enough time to pull away before the super soldier’s body seized up again, resulting in another explosion of cum. Steve’s eyes rolled back into his head, a completely satisfied smile spread across his face. “Cum- in m-my ass-“ Steve could barely speak. “So hot- s-so good-“ More jizz spilled onto Steve’s body. He was almost completely covered in his own spunk.
The Hulk buried his cock all the way inside, his cock further swelling, opening Steve up wider as the monster of a man roared, shaking the whole room and he was cumming- oh FUCK he was cumming HARD.
Steve is fisted, lots of dirty talk. Enjoy!!
Oh my goodness this update has been a LONG time coming!! I can't believe it's been over a year since I updated. A lot of stuff has been going on and I just didn't have time or the drive to sit and write anything. But now I'm back and ready to write more for you all!! I'm just getting back into the groove of writing, so forgive me that this chapter is pretty short. I'm determined to get back into writing semi-regularly again. Thank you so much for reading!!! :>
••••••••••••••••••••
Steve gasped, realizing what he had done and blushed harder. He turned away from the mirror in shame, his eyes shut tight.
“Thank you for fulfilling one of them…” Steve mumbled as he slowly rolled over onto his back, squishing into the thick cum that covered the sheets. He pulled Tony to his chest and gave him a nice sloppy kiss. “Best way to wake up,” he grinned as their lips slipped apart. Tony smiled. “I’ll do it more often, then.”
The room stayed silent for a few seconds to make sure everyone was far enough away. “Tony-" Steve broke the silence, his voice high with need. The soldier stood, his blush deepening. Tony’s eyes grew wide, a chuckle escaped his lips. “Look how wet your pants are… don’t tell me you came just from sitting there.” Steve looked at the floor, ashamed. “I couldn’t help it…”
“You like it when people play with your tits, don’t you Steve?” Tony asked, his cock becoming hard from the spectacle before him. Steve couldn’t reply, he was too far gone, to overly stimulated.
It’s been over a week since Bruce found out about Steve and his ever escalating needs.
“Sounds like you’re the one being fucked from all the noise you’re making. There are so many ways that I can make you undone...” Tony gave a wicked smile. “You’re completely at my mercy, even with your cock in my ass."
Steve drooled looking at Tony’s erection. The billionaire watched the older man salivate.
Steve couldn't believe was was happening, all the stimulation he was experiencing. Every nerve in his body was on fire, every movement no matter how tiny sent pleasure shooting through him. The cock finally stopped growing and holy FUCK! Steve felt like he was going to pass out from such intense
Tony couldn’t believe his ears. This was Captain America. Captain FUCKING America, the man who he thought was oh so innocent a mere three hours ago.
Steve slid a forth finger inside his greedy hole, he screamed and finally came.
Steve did as he was told and let his eyes shut. He heard Tony fumbling with something, maybe the genius was finally taking off his pants to fuck him. He felt the bed shift and felt weight on it indicating Tony was on the bed.
Steve drew off Clint, trailing the tip of his tongue underneath the archer’s erection. He licked his lips and smiled. “It’s sweet of you to ask, but there’s no need. My mouth is yours, Clint.”
The second Steve opened his mouth, cock was stuffed inside and down his throat. “Make sure that jaw of yours stays slack so Clint can use you like a proper hole,” Tony instructed.
“Yes…” Steve tilted his head back down so his lips rested against the tip of Clint’s dick. He parted his lips and slowly sunk down, happy to take every inch back into his mouth.
“I could,” he took in a ragged breath. “I could be hard right in front of them, have them see the outline of my huge cock inside my tight uniform.”
After a few seconds Steve’s orgasm subsided and finally pulled his fingers out of his ass. The soldier relaxed, his breathing only slightly above normal. He looked up at Tony with his blue eyes and licked his lips. “Did you enjoy that?” Tony looked down, a little disappointed. “Yes, you were amazing... but you came and I didn’t. Now we have to wait a few minutes for you to get hard again.” The soldier smiled, moving his top half out of Tony’s line of vision. There was the solid proof that Steve was still very turned on and very hard.
Steve’s sanity quickly fell away and he became a writhing mess a the mercy of his hard cock’s need to cum. All he wanted to do was fuck the geniuses’ mouth and make him choke on his immense dick. Having Tony completely at his mercy made his hard length pulse. One mere shot of cum flooded Tony’s mouth. He cried out around Steve’s cock and tried to pull off, but the soldier held his head there. Steve looked down at him, his eyes glazed over in pure lust. “Look at you, your cheeks are so inflated, your mouth is so full with my cum.” Tony tried to pull away again but Steve held his hair tighter. “Swallow it.” Steve commanded. Tony’s eyes began to tear as Steve brought him further down on his cock, leaving less room for the cum to go anywhere but down the billionaire’s throat.
“Steve… holy fuck… Steve…” Tony was absolutely breathless, absolutely awestruck. “Just… look-“
The End
Steve’s face was pink from the lack of oxygen. As he gasped for air his tongue still stuck out, asking for more. Drool dripped down his chin and down his front and his pink lips glistened with saliva. His own cum slid down his pecs and abs from his orgasm and his cock dripped, easily able to cum again any second. His eyes were still gazing up at Clint and the phone, obediently waiting for instructions.
Steve’s vision was blurred as he continued to cum over and over again. He cried out each time his cock pulsed with a new wave of cum, adding to the copious amount already on the bed. His whole body involuntarily spasmed from the aftershocks, his cock drooling out it's last drops if cum from his orgasm.
Steve straightened out on the pillows and took in a deep breath. Tony lowered his face to Steve’s entrance and spread his cheeks apart with both hands. He licked around Steve’s entrance for a moment before placing his tongue right on Steve’s puckered hole. Steve didn’t protest, so Tony lapped at the entrance a few times before he pushed forward, penetrating the ring of muscle. He went a little deeper and stopped, uncertain how Steve was feeling. The blonde wasn’t saying anything and it didn’t help that Tony couldn’t see his face. As he went to pull out, Steve reached back and shoved Tony’s face into the crack of his ass, making his tongue go as deep as it could. A lusty groan answered the genius’s question. Steve was loving this.
He slowly looked down at his chest, knowing full well what to expect. His breath hitched anyway.
Thank you all for reading and I hope to update soon! (Haha, I know I've said that before, but I really do hope so this time! Wish me luck!!!) I have a lot of ideas for it... One idea I have is Steve sitting in Hulk's lap, facing outward towards Tony and Clint so they can watch Steve really come undone. :>
Steve could hear groans of pleasure from both Clint and Tony. “What a cock slut,” he heard Tony say in a shaky breathless voice. Through the growing need to breathe from dick in his throat the soldier was so close to spilling over the edge.
“Steve are you alright?” Clint hurried into the elevator and the doors closed behind him. “Do you need a doctor?" Steve’s breath was shaky, his face flushed.
“Now, I’m going to spank you until you orgasm, is that ok?” Tony rubbed the pink flesh almost tenderly. “God yessss…” Steve sighed, wiggling his ass. “No touching your dick. Understood?” “Yes- Ahhhhh!” Steve barely finished his reply before the first blow hit him. The second hit him seconds after, then the third and before long Tony was spanking Steve over and over, only stopping to kneed the sensitive skin before starting all over again.
Steve was like a horny animal, not caring that grinding against the billionaire’s thigh was the only way he was going to be allowed to get off. In fact he shamefully enjoyed how easily his body reacted to the simple stimulation. “I like watching you degrading yourself like this, cumming in your own pants.” Tony’s eyes bore into the soldier as he spoke. “You’re filthy Steve.”
Suddenly Tony roughly drew his fist out, then trust back inside. “You were nothing but a hole for men to enjoy, is that it? That’s what they needed you for in the army, to satisfy them?” “Yeeeeeeeesssss,” Steve groaned. Tony knew that wasn’t true, but damn, if Steve really did think that at this moment that was extremely hot. The soldier pushed his ass back, taking in Tony’s hand deeper. “Your ass is just made for this, made to be stretched wide. So full, so wrecked.” Steve’s eyes rolled back into his head, stroking his cock faster.
Tony swallowed audibly. The way the super soldier’s body was contorted in this position, the movement of his arms and shoulders accentuated his shoulder blades. Steve’s hot breath fogged up the mirror, his mouth open, tongue barely inside his mouth. His tits pressed against the mirror, nipples hard against the cool glass.
Steve has made the decision to take Tony up on his offer. The things Steve does surprises even the genius, billionaire, playboy, philanthropist.
Steve licked his lips, his breath rattling from anticipation. “Please. Fuck me with your cock. Make me your bitch.” Steve’s own words made his groan and his length began to leek onto the bed. “Make me scream as you plow me. I want your cum in my greedy ass,” he grasped his cock and began jacking off, moaning in need.  “Make me cum from your cock in my slutty hole. I want to be your cum dump. Please Tony. Fuck me!”
Tony held up his hand and stopped Bruce mid-sentence. “Steve isn’t normal though, a super soldier is the perfect outlet for you! He’s up for sex any time," Tony smirked. "He’s a total slut.” “Tony!” Bruce exclaimed, shocked at the way the billionaire spoke about his friend.
Tony has something planned for Steve. Mostly setup for the next chapter, but not without many orgasms from Steve.
Steve wasn’t paying attention to anything else. He was consumed by the taste of cock, the heaviness of it on his tongue, how slick it was, the obscene noises that he made while eagerly fucking his own mouth.
Steve likes to be spanked. Enjoy!
“How does it feel, big guy?"
And then Hulk was sliding Steve off him and back on, over and over, with each pass the movements quickened and became more brutal. And Steve… of god he was moaning and cumming uncontrollably, thick cum drooled and powerfully erupted from him as he kept spilling over the edge, continuously orgasming over and over… He could take it… he could take The Hulk’s cock fucking him.
Steve turned on the shower and stepped inside.
••••••••••••••••••••
Without warning Tony plunged his tongue deep inside. Steve’s eyes blew wide, his mouth open in a silent scream. Tony grabbed hold of his own dick once more while still fucking Steve’s sloppy hole. He didn’t care about waiting anymore he just
Steve arched up, cumming at the slightest movement, impatient and greedy. “Come on- fuck meeee!” He whined, sounding so pathetic. "Fill me up- mmmmm~ make me your cock sleeve~”
“Sorry I didn’t tell ya sooner Steve, but Tony said I should act like I didn’t know to see how embarrassed you’ll be. He said it was cute.” Clint paused and raised an eyebrow. “You’re not mad are you?”
When Steve is alone and he’s in the mood, he slowly strips in front of the mirror. He admires every line and curve, every twitch of his muscles. Over the past few months that he’s lived in Stark Tower he ventured down his sexual path more and more, remembering how amazing stroking himself felt, pinching his nipples, fingering is ass…
“I’ve never known a man to have as sensitive nipples as yours,” Tony purred into Steve’s ear. He twisted and pulled at the hard nubs till the super soldier could hardly stand. Steve writhed and bucked under Tony's skilled hands, shamelessly drooling from the stimulation. His skin was on fire and his nipples hurt so bad. The hot pleasure that shot though him was unbearable. He glanced down at his chest which was being grasped firmly by the other man's hands at the moment. Tony's fingers were splayed and squeezing oh-so tightly, making Steve's tits bulge and conform to the free space between his fingers. Steve couldn't help but gasp and the sight, his own chest looked so good and enticing. "H-harder," Steve groaned and pressed his chest forward, trying to get Tony to grip him tighter.
"Why were you reading this?" asked Tony. "I-" the soldier's words caught in his throat. "I..." He didn't know what to say.
Clint’s breath was hot against his neck. “You sound so good, Steve,” he drew away and sat up. Steve’s eyes snapped open. “Clint…” his brow knit together in a silent plea, his face so beautifully flush. “Man, you are cute.” Clint commented as he ran a finger along Steve’s reddened jawline.
“I want- I- I waaaant-“ Steve’s voice shook and let out a moaning wail as he threw his head back, face flushed crimson.
The billionaire chuckled, noting Steve’s length hardening slightly from the thought. “Yes… that may take a bit of coaxing to get a few of the Avengers to fulfill your slutty needs.” He paused watching Steve’s reaction. “This is such short notice… next time, perhaps?”
Bruce cupped Steve’s big, beautiful, cum covered tits and brought them together, giving the soldier breathtaking cleavage. The jizz dripped down into the cleavage and pooled there. What a perfect sight.
Steve was breathing rapidly, his eyes wide. “I’ve never... Ahh!” the soldier cried out with pleasure. “Ohh so you’ve never been inside someone before?” Tony ground down taking the soldier deeper. “If you were made to do nothing but be fucked, why give you such a big fat cock?" Steve’s back arched upward, his eyes still wide, unable to process what was happening.
Bruce took the second nipple with his other hand and tugged on them both and Steve continued to cum, every muscle in his body taught and straining. “Keep pumping yourself,” Bruce commanded, slapping his chest, making his pecks jiggle. Steve was wildly pumping his cock finally giving himself the much needed friction he desperately needed.
“It’s ok.” Steve reassured Bruce with a small smile. He laid back on the bed and stretched out showing off every inch of his body. Steve groaned, arching his back up drawing pleasure from the gazes of the two men who now looked at him like a piece of juicy meat.
“Going right for one of his most sensitive places I see.” Tony remarked with a smile. “I guessed he might have been hyper sensitive here,” Bruce pinched harder and pulled upward. “Ahhhhhh!" Steve’s eyes rolled back into his head and his cock pulsed, cum erupting with more force than before.
Clint turned his gaze away from the phone and looked down at Steve. The soldier looked absolutely gorgeous, his mouth was open and his tongue was out, eyes looking up at Clint, only Clint. The pinkness on his cheeks had faded away and his expression was nothing but unbridled hunger. He could feel Steve’s breath, the soft touch of his tongue on the underside of his length. Clint bit his lip and experimentally snapped his hips forward, shoving himself down Steve’s throat then back up again to rest on his tongue.
a good morning,” Tony hums when Steve pulls away. “I could get used to this, you know. I wish we didn’t have to get out of bed.”
And Tony’s brain goes completely blank, blood rushing straight to his dick.
Steve and Tony are three years apart, which isn’t really a big deal in college when everyone is an adult anyway. But Tony came to college at fifteen, and was immediately granted enough initial credits that he came in as a sophomore. The age thing was a slight issue in their relationship. Steve wouldn’t even kiss him until he passed the legal age of consent in their state. And he was going to hold back on the sex, too, until Tony was eighteen, but Tony broke down one night and asked if it was because Steve wasn’t attracted to him. Steve told him, with an embarrassed flush, that his attraction wasn’t an issue at all, and that he very much wanted to have sex with Tony. So, they fought about it until Steve realized Tony was as much as an adult as he was, and now it wasn’t so much of an issue anymore.
, that’s a big deal,” Steve teases, and Tony rolls his eyes, even though Steve can’t see him.
Tony feels a shiver skate up his spine at the sight, and it motivates him to hold a little longer. Plus, he feels a little bad darting off for a quick pee when Steve has to hold it.
“Right,” Steve agrees slowly. Tony is being a little weird, but then again it’s the middle of the night. He shrugs it off and drags Tony into a heated kiss. He reaches a hand down to toy at the waistband of Tony’s boxers, grinning into the kiss when Tony shivers a little.
“What do you mean?” Tony asks.
“Steve!” He immediately exclaims, alarmed. Probably because Steve is standing in the middle of the room, sobbing, and peeing himself. But the worst part of it is, he’s not really, he’s only leaking into his pants, and he still
The train ride is rather boring, though, once you’re into it, and Bucky falls asleep once they’re on the main train to New York. Steve and Tony chat for a bit, but Steve is soon nodding off — he’d been up early that morning to finish an art project that he had to hand in just an hour before their train left.
“Sometimes, I just have bad days. And I can’t... I can’t release,” Steve admits, voice wrecked now. Tony can see why he had the emotionless mask on, earlier, because now emotion is practically pouring out of Steve and it’s all pain and embarrassment and anger. “I have to go so bad, Tony.”
“Good,” Steve says honestly. That pleasant buzz is back in his body. “Really good.”
“Uh... T-Tony,” Steve says. Tony’s sucking a mark onto his neck, and Steve was moaning just a second ago, but now he sounds nervous. Tony’s heart is pounding behind his ribcage in anticipation, and he’s never been harder in his life. He’s pretty sure he has a wet spot on his briefs from the pre-cum he’s been steadily leaking for
“Sorry,” Steve apologizes, lips turning down in a frown.
“I swear, you don’t have to...” Tony says, but then Steve slides a finger into him and he moans lowly and his whole body relaxes pleasantly.
“Okay,” Tony says, his eyes locked on the trickle of pee as it slides down Steve’s leg. Steve feels mortified. “Well, it’s 3 in the morning, right? So, no one should be in the bathroom.”
“Aww,” Tony coos teasingly, but Steve can see his cheeks turning pink. “I’m attracted to you too, Steve. But I really want to get you into bed. For sex. Preferably soon. If that’s okay with you.”
And Steve does keep going, no way he’s stopping now unless someone else came in, and by some miracle, Tony isn’t turned off by him. Tony, in fact, is aroused behind him even when they’d had mutual orgasms a few hours earlier. Even when he’s
Except, the thought of peeing where Tony could possibly hear him going doesn't fill him with dread anymore. He knows about Steve’s issue, and he doesn’t mind working around it, which lessens Steve’s anxiety an enormous amount. So Steve thinks, maybe, he'll be able to go while Tony's in the next room. But he'll just have to see when he gets there.
“I - I just didn’t expect it, and now I’m trying to pick up my brain from where it melted all over the floor,” Tony says. “Give me a moment.”
Steve just shakes his head. He already knows he won’t be able to use any bathroom besides his own, which is across campus, so he should get moving. He moves to grab a pair of Tony’s sweatpants but grips them in his hands instead of wearing them. They’re a light gray, and he’s terrified that he’ll leak if he puts them on and it’ll be so obvious. And they’re
Tony kisses him, and Steve melts into him. He loves this newfound sense of being controlled, trusting Tony to be in control. It’s heady enough that it makes him feel almost lightheaded, although that could be from the beer or all the blood in his body rushing to his dick at once. Tony slots his leg between Steve’s, so they can rut up against each other, and Steve moans into Tony’s mouth at the friction on his cock. He’s so turned on, he can almost forget how much he has to pee. Almost.
“Sure,” Tony says, frantically thinking of the worst possible things imaginable to get his dick to soften. Running through a couple memories of his Dad being disappointed of him manages to get him back to flaccid in record time.
. He frantically searches for an excuse. “I have - I have a test. I need to - um - study.”
“Hey, let’s take a break, hm?” Tony whispers in his ear. Steve’s definitely buzzed, or high on the affection Tony is giving him, or something, because the feel of Tony’s lips against his ear is driving him crazy. He barely nods, and then Tony is tugging him by his wrist, leading him away from their circle of friends and back to their bedroom.
“Hey, honey,” Tony says. “How are you feeling?”
They stand behind the large couch to watch the others play MarioKart. At some point, Clint hands each of them a bottle of beer. Steve takes it, even though his bladder is really starting to nag him now. He doesn’t drink often, ever, because he knows that the alcohol will make his need worse. But he’s around friends, and more importantly, Tony is pressed against his side, comfortable and warm, and he really can’t stop himself.
Tony whines a little, his movements getting slightly more desperate. “Ugh, no. You’re not waiting another second, do you understand me?”
“Can I-“ Steve cuts himself off, swallowing nervously. “I have to...”
Steve dreams of peeing all night. When he’s that full, it’s all he can think about. He’s dreaming of finally finding a private toilet after hours and hours of searching for one, when he realizes he’s actually feeling relief, and the dream hasn’t switched to a new one in which he’s trying to find a bathroom again. His eyes fly open and he has a brief second to panic, thinking he’s wetting the bed, before he realizes-
They eat dinner together while sitting on Steve’s bed. Tony tries to keep a casual conversation going, and if Steve notices he’s struggling with a full bladder, he doesn’t say anything. An hour passes, and Tony still has to go,
Tony is well aware that Steve can be a total troll. But this is just uncalled for. Maybe he is just as depraved as Tony.“You - you’re way too good at this. You set me up.”
He and Steve are in the library with Bucky and Sam. They’re all supposed to be studying, but Steve is the only one actually doing so. Bucky and Sam are making out at the next table, and Tony’s about a second away from telling them to get a room or get the fuck out, when he notices.
But, Steve? Steve is still stuck on Tony’s words from before, “
“...okay,” Tony finally agrees, and then changes the subject.
“-Tony?” Steve’s voice jolts Tony out of his thoughts. Steve’s probably been calling his name for awhile, if the way his brow is furrowed in concern is any indication.
“Steve, what’s wrong?” Tony asks, and his voice trembles a little.
“Love you Tony, you’re so amazing,” he says. “So beautiful, so smart. Can’t believe I’m with you, I don’t deserve you. You’re one of a kind, you know that?”
Even through the mask, Steve can see the hurt and pain Tony is feeling. He wants so badly for his father to be proud of him, but Howard will never see past his own jealousy. Steve just wishes Tony could understand that, one day.
His mind is finally distracted enough, or his bladder is desperate enough, and the pee releases in a rush. It mixes with the water rushing over Steve, and even he can’t hear it over the shower, so he keeps going and going and going, slumping with relief against the wall. He’s been holding for hours, and he finally lets it out.
“Uh, what?” Tony blinks, coming to a stop in the middle of the sidewalk. A few students sigh noisily as they’re forced to walk around him. “I mean, of course! If you want to. Do you want to? Are you
“...well, next time, just let me know and I’ll take a walk or something,” Tony says, like it’s the easiest thing ever, and Steve just blinks at him.
,’ before Tony comes out and sees him.
Well, Steve is always on board for anything that gets his partner that riled up, anyway; but it’s oddly comforting knowing Tony thinks he’s attractive when he thinks he’s being embarrassing. It feels
“Tony, I’m - I’m close,” Steve warns. Tony lets his tongue gently but firmly press against Steve's taint, and Steve goes rigid and comes with a shout of Tony’s name. Tony strokes him through it, and continues to press his tongue against that area, as Steve’s legs quake where they’re pressed against Tony’s shoulders. Finally when he’s too sensitive, Tony pulls away.
Steve starts stroking himself immediately, because he’s been turned on for hours now, and that was maybe the hottest thing he’s ever seen in his life. Tony’s eyes are lidded as he watches, looking completely blissed out and still riding the high from his orgasm. Steve lasts a minute before he’s coming with a grunt, the white spurts coming to land on Tony’s stomach. Tony doesn’t complain; he lifts a lazy hand to scoop some up and lick his fingers clean. Steve falls to his knees with a groan, hiding his face in the join between Tony’s neck and his shoulder.
“Sorry, I just, um...” Tony trails off, shrugging.
“I told him you were teasing me, like everyone else was,” Tony says as he flops down on Steve’s bed. “He went for it.”
And he’s peeing,
His arousal comes back with a vengeance, now, while he’s making out with Steve and feeling his piss run down his thigh, so close to his dick. He wonders for a second what it would feel like directed at his cock, and quickly has to shut down that line of thought. He definitely doesn’t want a boner while his boyfriend is trying to release hours worth of pent of piss. Except that, he totally does, because the idea of Steve holding for hours definitely does it for him, as long as it isn’t actually hurting Steve in the long run. This is obviously torture for Steve, though, so Tony reigns in his hormones.
They’ve been at dinner for two whole hours, taking up one of the good tables in the dining hall, annoying everyone else there. That’s when Tony finally notices the subtle signs. Steve starts to sit a little stiffer, feel a little more rigid where he’s leaning comfortably against Tony. He starts to move every so often in his seat; tiny, almost unnoticeable shifts. And then he starts tapping his leg, up and down and up and down and up and down again. He removes his arm from Tony’s shoulder and shifts his weight, sitting up straight and resting his elbows on the table. In this new position he can wiggle his hips a little, Tony notices.
Tony’s engineering classes are so easy for him that he could probably teach them. But his advisor said he had to stick out the whole semester in them in order to pass, because he was already younger than everyone here and she wanted him to have at least somewhat of a normal college experience. Getting to do whatever he wanted and skip every class and basically get handed his degree didn’t allow that. Or so she says, anyway.
And I’ll be
Dorm rooms are already small, but singles are even smaller. So there’s not really a lot of space in Tony’s room, especially because it’s littered with random projects he brought back from the lab and never took back. His desk is cluttered, his chair is practically hidden under a pile of books, so they sit on the bed instead.
