A few seconds later, the dust settled and Tony set his eyes on Steve.
"Thank you. The universe thanks you on this day. Always a pleasure being around you, Steven Rogers. Thank you eternally," Strange said before turning away and walking away from the clearing.
"No!"
There, looking at him was a blotchy, tear-streaked face complete with the most glassy (and beautiful) eyes he'd ever seen. Tony had been crying, a lot. That explains the faceplate at least.
"You're going to kill trillions!" Steve shouted.
Steve paused and thought. Tony was still breaking down in his arms because this is the worst thing anyone could even consider doing. His heart broke entirely as he looked up and nodded at Strange, gently pushing away from Tony.
Steve felt his husband tense in his arms and pull away like he'd been hit. His armour encompassed his body except his helmet part, and he turned to face Strange who was rushing over to them. Bruce had gone elsewhere in the time they'd been crying and kissing and hugging.
"No. No, Steve you're going to be okay, we'll get out of this like always. Together, remember? Please baby just hang on".
Then Peter's worried voice cut through the comms, "Mr. Rogers sir! Won't going to Thanos be the opposite of what you're supposed to be doing? Because, you know, you have the most powerful stone, that he
There, his husband was curled behind his shield, shaking. The shield was lit up in a blue-orange glow from the laser. Tony choked on his breath and heard Thanos laugh behind him.
They reached a small clearing in the trees a few minutes later. Steve approached Tony as his entire helmet seemed to fade away. Less than 10 years after waking up in the 21st century brings amazement at the little futuristic benefits, like nanotech.
"No sweetheart. I've gotta go... Ma's calling me. I love you forever".
"Tony, stop this! You're being selfish! You need to do this, you're a
Tony flipped his faceplate up. "You know me?"
Tony snapped his faceplate shut once again with an irritated huff.
"No, Strange. I said no. Absolutely no chance that I'll be able to do that, and there's gotta be some other way,
Steve didn't have time to question as Thanos teleported himself away in a cloud of blue smoke, to god knows where.
and get the hell out of there. The sooner they could get home, the sooner he could finally rest next to his husband.
"Rogers, you have to understand. Just listen to me... That stone is Thanos's last Hope at completing his mission; his life's goal to kill half of all life. The only way to prevent this is to destroy it. I've seen almost 15 million possible futures and in the single one we win, it has to be Tony. That's how the stone works: a soulmate's action can complete the soulmate's wish. Like a terrible fairytale. I'm so sorry," the doctor explained.
Bruce and Strange wandered to the edge of the clearing quietly and both stood watching the battle in the distance through the trees.
"Hey baby. Oh, god, we did it. It's over. It's done, we can go home now. It's gonna be okay now, we're gonna-"
"One s-second! I'm so sorry Tony, oh God. I wasn't thinking and I just- I don't know. I'm okay, I promise. We can do this. It's alright. Okay I'm ready, 3, 2, 1, shoot-"
Steve felt pain he'd never experienced; far more than when he had been transformed into Captain America or any of the times he'd been left sickly, skinny, broken and beaten. In a split second of incredible pain and no thought process, he raised his shield up to block the laser. It was not at all what he wanted to do.
"I love you!" Tony cried as Steve threw his shield at Thanos, which caught him off guard and embedded itself in the Titan's chest.
Steve's heart missed a beat.
After a long day of fighting alongside his teammates, Steve was feeling just about ready to kick this Thanos guy's
Speaking of which, it had been a while since he'd heard from Tony. After hitting a few more psycho space dog things, he spoke through the comms, "Iron Man, what's your status?"
A second passed before Peter grunted, "you'd better be careful Steve".
He aimed his other hand at Thanos behind him because he couldn't watch Steve and he needed to keep Thanos away long enough to destroy the stone. It slowed Thanos right down.
"It's gonna be alright Tony. Okay? Hang on. Don't approach him on your own, I'm on my way now with the others!" Steve called back and hurriedly pushed through the mess of avengers and enemies.
"It's okay baby. It's going to be alright. We're gonna get through this, okay? It's gonna work out fine. You'll be happy with the avengers and they'll look after you. You can get through the pain and trust me, I'm alright. I'm okay. I want this, please, you have to save the universe. You're a hero, you're my hero. Always," Steve fought to stay strong as he got onto his knees and ripped his shirt off, revealing the shimmering stone embedded into his skin. He looked up into his husband's distraught face and forced a small smile.
Suddenly, the stone exploded and sent a rush of wind out like a bomb had gone off. Tony stumbled back and his armour disappeared once again.
"Strange! Got any idea where he's going? You're the one who's seen the millions of futures," came Tony's voice. He still sounded off to Steve's ears.
Tony was still crying when he turned his head to look at Steve, "
"I... Love... You... Too," Steve gasped.
"Look after him Bruce. Please. Thank you for everything. Stay strong," Steve muttered as Bruce sat back. He nodded in return.
Tony burst into tears and let his head fall onto Steve's chest. "We need a medic, Friday. Now! Please, Steve hold on, I need you. Please! I love you so much and you're perfect and I can't be without you. Don't go".
Tony let out a shaky laugh at that, maybe at his own emotions. He shook his head slowly, drawing in a deep breath. “I-I’m just really happy, kiddo.” He finally collected himself and ruffled Peter’s hair affectionately, grinning when Peter squealed and balked. “And I’m really proud of you.”
Steve pressed his lips together in a pensive expression, brushing his fingers against the bandage on Tony’s side.
“That’s not why.”
“I wouldn’t have known what to say because I’m just… I’m so sorry.” Steve settled for saying, not raising his gaze. “You were the one who tried to keep everything together, who tried to stop the chaos before it all went to shit. I can’t blame you for what’s happened as a result.”
Okay, so maybe trying to leave Stark tower at five in the morning was a bad idea when Tony had strictly forbade him to leave. But really, how much more could he hurt himself? He had figured that Tony would never find out- the engineer got up at eleven AM at the earliest on Thursdays, giving him at least six hours to take a light jog around the block. However, Jarvis seemed to disagree. Steve pushed the button to the main floor again, the light going out just as quickly as it had flashed on.
“Tony,” Steve began, though he could find no words to suffice for his feelings. Instead, he allowed his large hand to ghost over the scars, thus tracing the ridges and valleys. A deep endearment welled in his ribcage, pulling tightly at his already-present feelings of affection.
For the second time in twelve hours, Steve allowed his shaking knees to take him to the light switch.
“You hated me, spandex.” Tony refuted halfheartedly. Steve shook his head.
“Because maybe it’s a part of why you’re in that bathroom right now.”
like a flesh wound or a burn. It hurt- and Steve could tell. “B-because I can’t tell if I want it or if I want to get better or-“
Steve was in no way or form squeamish and certainly did not fear blood like some did- no, he feared what it entailed. He exhaled shakily only when an ache in his lungs made its presence known.
“Well-“
Steve shook his head slowly, lips pressed in disappointment- Tony would have assumed it was disappointment with the book but really, it was with Tony. Would he expose himself further? Steve glanced at Tony, surveying his bitter and broken expression. Watching that Adam’s apple bob with a hard swallow was all that it took.
Tumblr: odetopsychiatry
A moment passed before Steve finally rose from his seat, reaching to retrieve the incased game of chess. The cardboard box it was held in was ripped at the edges and worn while the pieces inside weren’t too much to look at either. Once he’d returned to his seat, he gently and slowly pushed aside the bedsheets in front of Tony and set the board down, beginning to place the pieces in their appropriate spots. The white rook was missing, so he had to substitute a cotton ball instead.
When the elevator doors opened Steve carefully stepped out into the kitchen area, Tony held closely and supportively so that he might walk more surely, he expected
A sudden honking broke his stream of consciousness and he pulled his hand away from Tony in shock, realizing that he had nearly rear-ended a taxi cab in his distraction. The driver was waving a middle finger in the air, looking back every so often to ensure that Steve was getting the message. Steve pressed his lips together, waved an apology, and broke away from the traffic, allowing the sports car to slow to a crawl along the shoulder of the road, pulling the stick into park. The car hummed still beneath him, purring.
“… tortured you until you did?” Steve supplied, his tone tense and filled with a masked emotion.
The drive to the hospital was quiet. Steve would have expected that his thoughts would have been racing, but he was met with radio silence. Somewhere in that blurry black haze, he could recognize simple questions popping into his conscious mind; things like
“What?” Steve urged, frowning deeply.
“Talk to me, Tony,” he urged, still holding the man close to him. Instead of an answer, all he received was a pitiful sob and a shake of the head. The man had somehow turned himself around in the struggle and now faced Steve. His palm pressed flat to Steve’s chest and he sniffled, pushing- or trying to push- his own torso away. “Okay. Okay.” Steve breathed anxiously, holding Tony there. “I-I’ll talk then.”
Steve felt a prickle of anxiety begin to crawl up his spine. It had barely been two days since the accident- Tony couldn’t possibly throw in the towel. “Tony, no,” he responded, tone blunt and bordering on something harsher than he intended. “No, you’re going to do this.”
In the end, Tony ended up having drifted off despite the uncomfortable situation that they were in on the bathroom floor. Steve assumed that Tony had been so tired from both the flashback and the panic attack that even the slightest bit of comfort had lulled him to a much-needed rest. It kind of saddened Steve how much even a little bit of affection could impact Tony; it was, without a doubt, simply because he didn’t expect it. Steve scooped the other up from the hard floor, carrying him to the elevator and back to their room, not without stirring Tony slightly- though he didn’t protest. Finally, he gently placed the man on the soft bed and curled himself next to him.
Steve felt his muscles grow taught at the sudden words and his stubborn gaze remained trained on the board as if to guard him from the oncoming confession. He didn’t want to hear it, in a selfish way. He didn’t want to hear the pain behind the stripped voice.
It was almost too simple to dismiss these wonderings and instead focus on the steady sputtering of his motorbike engine as he veered onto a back-end road. He was at least glad that some things about New York City never had changed.
“No!” Tony began, a panic rising very quickly in his tone. “Please, Steve, please don’t.” His head shot upward and hit Steve’s face with a sharp sting.
Both Tony and Steve whirled around at the sweet, small voice, and the smaller man even startled a bit, hand clutching to his chest almost protectively. A young, blonde woman clasped her hands behind her back and flashed a grin, wrinkled uniform pulling tight over her arms.
“Not badly,” Tony denied. “Just simple waterboarding. Some electrocution, but that was because of the battery and not them. It wasn’t serious enough… should have stuck it out. Some hero.”
He hadn’t been drunk since before the serum, back when he'd begged and begged Bucky to drag him along to a party he’d never received an invitation for. Three drinks in and he’d been done for, clinging to Bucky’s dress shirt and blubbering about some girl who’d dumped him years before. It was the last party Bucky had taken him to back then. Steve had never been… the “good” kind of drunk- but he imagined it felt like this.
“No!”
The bed was still warm there where Tony had laid. Steve ran his hand along the space there, simply breathing. Still here.
Steve felt his cheeks flush at the words. Tony had instructed Jarvis to watch out for him? He dismissed the thought, convincing himself quickly that it was nothing to be read into too deeply. “That’s kind of intimidating.” Steve said instead, gaze flickering around the room as if in search of a physical embodiment that he could address.
“That… that I’m a virgin?” Steve continued incredulously. He nearly bristled when Tony simply shrugged as a reply. “What-? W-why would anyone-“
Tony paused, holding Steve’s gaze for a moment before he shook his head in dismay,
Tony, to no surprise, beat Steve three times in a row even on all of the drugs that he was likely on. Even despite the unnerving tremble in Tony’s hands and the situation they were in, Steve still allowed himself to chuckle when Tony put him in checkmate within fifteen minutes of playing or less. Even then, he knew that the genius was going easy on him. He’d seen the man piece together a communication device in the middle of the Antarctic out of just the remnants of a clock and a radio.
He leaned in, taking in more. Tony was like that. Steve figured that he could keep leaning, keep dancing, and it would still not be enough. He was in a desert and Tony was water. He couldn’t help but yearn for more and more suddenly. It was as if his whole life had been lived without water.
Steve helped Tony to stand up and dry off, waiting for Tony to pull his boxers back on before he allowed himself to properly look at Tony.
It was just after that wherein Tony lost what non-existent contents of his stomach he had.The man closed his eyes in an almost sleepy expression and laughed. “At least I snorted it this time.” His voice was fried. Steve could practically lose his own lunch at the thought that the sickness might be wrecking havoc on Tony’s broken ribcage.
It took a moment for Peter to collect himself enough to answer, gasping a few times before he could manage words. “I-I dreamed the bad guys drowned daddy,” he sputtered before continuing to sob and wow, that hit way too close to home.
Steve tried not to slam the door on his way out. Tony promised to stay. Steve knew he wouldn’t.
“It’s easier to focus,” Steve offered, a quizzical expression donning his face as he looked up from his sketchpad, the smaller man coming into the full view of the lamp. “What can I help you with?”
You’re going to be okay.” A silence and Steve grasped at Tony’s hand again, firm and solid. Then, again, Steve echoed, “you’re going to be okay,” because
“Drugs?” Steve cut in, unable to help himself. He hadn’t even realized that he had sunk back down onto the couch at some point, hands sweaty on his knees. “It’s the drugs, isn’t it?”
“That’s not why either.”
“You know, just…” Tony paused, searching for the right words. “I know what it’s like to want to go back to when shit was easier. ‘You can’t repeat the past.’” Tony smirked at the reference.
Steve scoffed audibly at the reading, shaking his head in dismay. He’d been on the same cover once- not as many times as the ever-famous Stark, but once was enough. They had fabricated so many “secrets” about him that he practically had to question
“Steve.” Tony cut in and fixed Steve a hard, but sympathetic gaze. “You’re panicking.”
Steve didn’t know how he found himself in the position of wrestling Tony Stark into one of his own large hoodies. The more that he struggled to pull Tony’s flailing arm through the sleeve, the more that the man huffed and complained. Finally, Steve seemed to give up in his gently urging Tony into the clothing and simply pulled it over the man’s head. His hair stuck up wildly, fuzzy and staticky which only displeased the other more. He whined, running his uninjured hand through the tufts in order to smooth them out. Steve just took over and did it himself, smoothing over Tony’s hair until the static relatively went away.
Steve pressed down on the wound, mopping up the blood and dragging out more gauze once it was sopping and crimson. Cleaning, cleaning until the laceration itself was visible enough. His breath caught in his throat; the
Peter’s worst qualities had come from Tony- and Tony would fight anyone on that.
at such a point to stop those pitiful sniffles coming from the smaller man. “If I would have just-“
“You alright, Stark?” He managed, leaning forward to inspect the man’s face. He almost startled at the sight of the stitched face and bruises over Tony’s eyes- he’d almost forgotten that they were there.
More silence.
“I broke the only cellphone that I had because I thought it was bugged.”
“I’m not pitying you,” Steve insisted gently. He shifted so that he lay on his side, facing the smaller man’s still form. “Tony.” He attempted to coax the man to turn over to meet his gaze- to see nothing but understanding in Steve’s eyes.
Silence.
“Seriously, tight-ass, go home.”
“Not the ones you want. Sit up.” The weight on the bed shifted as Steve sat down, blankets bunching up. Tony pushed himself up with a wince. “Watch your ribs,” Steve warned. Tony groaned.
In the silence, Steve could hear Tony swallow hard. Something inside of him broke as he wondered if the other man had ever been told that he was enough- without the money or the suit or the bullshit. Just him. Steve sealed the words with a kiss to the cheek. For a moment, neither said anything. In the dimmed glow of the reactor, Steve watched the other’s face contort to a grimace, gaze somewhere far off over Steve’s shoulder. The blonde tapped where his thumb was on the man’s chin and nudged. “Stop it.”
“I’m afraid of how that ‘thinking’ will end up.” Steve stated, confessed- well, hid the confession with a stoic expression. Removed. Cold.
And that was all that it took.
“It wasn’t an accident.”
Steve said nothing. Then, slowly, “I’m not sure.”
“I know,” Steve replied once again, biting down hard on his lip for a moment. His own emotion began to swell at the words; it’s gonna hurt.
The elevator doors slid open, illuminating the glossy floor directly in front of the elevator. Steve did look up this time, having not expected to see Tony willingly in his space. Yet, there he was, somehow finding Steve on the fourth out of god-knew-how-many spacious living rooms in the place. He took a moment to find his footing before lumbering toward Steve, the doors sliding shut behind him. The man wore the same sloppy clothes that Steve had changed him into, a baggy cat t-shirt and some black sweatpants. He seemed to be having trouble maneuvering his bare feet in the darkness.
When Steve turned back around, Tony was facing away from him, his fingers grasping feebly at the shelf. He had pressed his forehead to the cool metal, eyes screwed shut in a pain-filled expression. It took only a moment for him to leap into motion, stepping hurriedly toward the smaller man and fixing his hands on both Tony’s shoulders.
“Yes,” Peter said softly, big brown eyes staring into Steve’s.
“Because I’m your team-mate?”
“It’s late,” Steve stated suddenly, lips pressing into a thin line. “We should, uh, get up and head to bed.”
The nightmares began to come regularly, turning into a nightly routine. Even when Tony
“Why… T-Tony-?“ this was it. The well-to-do, mannerly, star-spangled man with a plan was choking on his words. Even in the most dire of situations, Steve was able to get out more than two damn words. Two damn words and he still stumbled along. There were a million questions that he wanted to ask;
“The doctor told me that you shouldn’t be left unattended.”
next to someone. Of course, he’d experienced something similar during the war- but never something as peaceful as this. The morning light had filtered through the floor-to-ceiling windows and Steve had no idea how he’d managed to sleep despite the lack of darkness. The waking was strangely peaceful, simply blinking his eyes open and gazing at a hazy ceiling fan as it whirred around and around. It, strangely, was not caused by a jolt or an unpleasant sensation crawling over his chest, dark, dark and
It was during the first year of school that Peter began to make friends, tugging at Steve’s pant leg as he begged for play-dates. Soon enough, Steve and Tony were watching over more than one little body play superheroes in the tower. Peter had taken on all of Steve’s best qualities, leading the “Avengers” into battle and giving out orders to the others. Within a month, Peter had befriended a young girl named Mary-Jane, a very sweet child with Downs Syndrome. The teacher reported to them that Peter was the first friend that she’d ever had. It was in the first months of the school year that Steve’s qualities bloomed in Peter, his desire to help people, his gentle leadership, his humility. It was also in these first months of the school year that Peter began to have meltdowns.
“I mean that my, uh, heart might start pumping my organs out of these stitches if this blood doesn’t-“ he cut himself off, huffing frustratedly.
“When are the others coming back to the place?”
just how Tony managed to slip out of bed, what with Steve being the lightest sleeper known to man. After all, he did have ears that could hear a damned sneeze from ten floors up. Even with his keen hearing, he needed far less sleep than the average man and wouldn’t have assumed that he would sleep all throughout the day. Instead, he was roused by a guttural sound from the next room after seven hours of deep sleep.
“Turn and look at me.”
Steve frowned, sensing the hesitance behind the words. “Why not?”
hurt them. A dozen customers trailed after them and they were armed, cellphones on constant record. He allowed a sigh of relief once the nervous twenty-something began to scan the items.
Steve had the ability to sit with Peter until the meltdowns would stop. He would turn off the lights and sit next to the boy, speaking in low and comforting words. Tony, on the other hand, couldn’t handle it. When Peter was overwhelmed, Tony was overwhelmed- and this didn’t give them much to work with. Tony would pace back and forth, growing more and more anxious with each scream. Eventually, Steve would encourage Tony to leave the room- all he had been doing anyways included rambling angrily under his breath and scaring Peter even more. After a while, to Tony’s dismay, their strategy simply included Steve comforting Peter whilst Tony stayed as far away from them as possible.
, Tony thought- other fluids that dripped across his face. Yeah, Tony remembered those days: his own eight-year-old self stumbling down into Howard's workshop with tears streaming down his face and begging for his father's comfort. He was met with a backhand and a bellowing, angry voice.
“Fine,” Tony replied quickly, his gaze darting to meet Steve’s quickly, then bouncing back to his hands tight over the countertop. “J-just dropped it.”
“Is it true?”
After a moment’s time, Steve simply couldn’t pretend that he wasn’t empathetic, that he wasn’t heartbroken to see Tony in such a state. He pulled Tony gently toward him, leaving enough room for the man to escape if he so chose. He didn’t. He collapsed into Steve, still hiding his face in his hand shamefully.
“J-Jarvis? Can you black out the windows?” Tony asked, his usual, confident voice now laced with question rather than authoritarianism.
“What?” Steve echoed incredulously. Tony’s lips split into a smile.
Tony scoffed at that, balking out of Steve’s reach until his back hit the headboard. The fingers on his good hand combed anxiously through his wild hair. “It’s just a lot,” he admitted quietly, though his tone was guarded and shallow. The mood shift was sudden, brought on by only a few words- Steve felt confusion pool inside of him at the quickness that the man could split emotions. “I need space to think.” Something shattered inside Steve’s chest and he swallowed hard. Forced himself to nod.
“I’ve had worse,” Steve mumbled, voice quiet. The only other sound was the whirring of the air conditioning, beating down on him- Tony knew that he hated to be hot.
Tony nodded, heavy eyes still darting here and there under an ever-present influence. Steve had tried to touch him as little as possible; the trembling had come back and if he focused, Steve swore he could feel the palpitations of Tony’s already-strained heart. The sensations caused him to have his
“Captain America, can he have a picture?” A mother shoved her son forward and Steve’s senses kicked into gear as another young boy collided with him. Steve released his hold on Tony, sweeping up one child and laying a steadying arm on the other.
“Will you sleep if I sit beside you?”
“Ah, ah, Stevie Wonder, the sign says ‘stay out’!” Tony protested once he heard the door click open, spinning around on his chair and putting a finger out as if to shush Steve. The larger man frowned and ducked, looking back behind him. Sure enough, a crude sign consisting of sharpie scribbled onto a lined page was taped to the glass door.
“I want to.”
“Well?” Tony interrupted, leaning forward expectantly.
A shatter. Steve’s gaze shot up from the magazine and he was on his feet before he even had a chance to slide it aside. Tony’s fingers on his good hand gripped tightly to the countertop, white-knuckled and tense. His body faced away from Steve, various shards of ceramic laying like corpses strewn out over the tile. Steve didn’t ask any questions, instead side-stepping over the sharp pieces and reaching out to clasp Tony’s shoulder.
“Okay. But… I-I need to know that you’re going to stay.”
Steve paused, then began to move backward to rest by Tony’s head. He lifted the sheets, draping them over the smaller man’s shoulders- because Tony was sick. If Tony weren’t sick, he wouldn’t have rubbed a warming hand over the shivering man’s shoulder. He wouldn’t have. Steve could feel the body trembling as Tony pressed against his leg.
and Steve knew better than to question how to AI knew such a thing so quickly.
“Oh my god, Rogers! Are you saying what I think you’re saying? Don’t tell me-“
Confessions.
compliant.
“I’m serious, Tony. I need you to tell me what’s going on.”
“What do you mean? What reputation?”
“Yeah, uh, we need-“
It was safe to say that Jarvis’ metallic British voice in Steve’s ear was enough to nearly make him fall from his bike at eighty miles per-hour.
No response came from the other side of the door. Steve pressed his ear closely to the wood, listening for sounds. Heavy breathing, sniffling. He knocked softly once again.
“Goddamnit, Rogers,” he cursed, an almost seethingly hateful tone. “You can’t just say stuff like that to a lady.” Even in his hatred, his defensive humour and sarcasm remained.
“Do you have the m-meds?” He whispered hopefully. Steve shook his head.
“Tony.”
Steve moistened the pad of his finger on his tongue, flipping through until he found even more pictures of the man. He hardly had a chance to survey the page before a loose, ripped leaf slipped out and onto his lap. Hesitantly, Steve pinched the magazine page between his fingers and lifted it to the morning light filtering through the floor-to-ceiling windows. Tony was in the left corner, pictured in dim lighting. His hair hung shaggy over his face, spittle smeared over the side of his mouth. His pupils were pinpricks despite the dark lighting and he work a sleepy smile, a woman draped over his shoulder. But that wasn’t what chilled Steve to the bone. There were doodles strewn over the page, notably a crude moustache and devil horns scribbled over the picture in sharpie. Multiple lines of the article were as blacked out as a confidential S.H.I.E.L.D. report. Steve felt a lump grow in his throat-
“No,” Tony disagreed, shaking his head slightly. “I like it. I… I get it.”
left me to die- so don’t you dare lecture me on trust.” Tony stumbled to his feet in a flailing and almost painful show of clumsiness, stalking back from the couch. He tripped over a table leg and cursed loudly, clapping his hands twice. A set of lamps beside another couch flickered on, allowing for a very dim flood of light to illuminate the room. “You’re sick, Rogers. Do you just wait for people to open up and then you feed, hm? I can’t believe you have the nerve to ask me to trust you.” If Tony had full control over his casted limb at such a point, Steve would have expected that he would have balled his fists and shoved them into his pockets. Instead, the poor, moody man was forced to only push one palm into his pocket, hanging his head low and stalking toward the elevator. His bare feet scuffled at the floor.
The bathroom light shone out from the crack between the door and the floor. Just in the washroom. Not gone. Still here. Steve’s mind processed these facts mechanically like equations through a computer. Still here. Not 1938. It’s not 1938.
The room was no bunker- at least Steve could be grateful for that. When Clint had mentioned a safehouse, Steve had expected to be sleeping on a cold cement floor, rain residue dripping sluggishly from the ceiling. But no, his shoulders remained cradled by a soft mattress, sounds of water instead replaced with old wood creaking occasionally. Soft breathing. A gentle whirr.
“That, and Rhodey and Pepper would have a few things to say to you. They can be scary.”
“I am amazing, thank you for noticing.” Tony grinned, “Do you need a pencil or something? I’m sure I have one somewhere around here. Paper, too if you didn’t bring any blank sheets or anything other than your portfolio.”
“Ah, yes, you’ll want to take Elevator three up to floor forty-five.” There will be someone there to direct you further.” they said, pointing to where the elevators were.
“I think that might make things worse to be honest.” The omega shook his head. “I almost feel like I shouldn’t have left him a note, but that was probably better than letting him figure it out on his own where I went.”
Thanks," Steve said, watching the agent walk away. He sighed and moved a hand to squeeze Tony's shoulder. "We'll talk more about this later. We have a Colonel to meet with in the meantime."
Tony sighed and glanced up, seeing the club owner, Tiberius Stone, eyeing him with a skeptical expression. Yikes. He needed to be working. Giving in as it was clear this alpha would not simply drop it and allow him on his way, he slipped himself down into Steve’s lap and rotated his hips.
He was hard, wet, and feeling oh so very needy as something probed against his hole. Fingers? No, it felt too wet, even for slick-coated fingers...cock? No, not nearly large enough—especially if it was the alpha cock he’d experienced the night before… And it did feel familiar...oh.
"You're exes are dead wrong about you," Steve whispered, leaning into Tony's affection.
“Ah, only time can tell for certain. But I’m open to trusting you on that for now.”
Through more and more hallways they went, attacking when they could and hiding when they couldn’t. Tony’s pain had been completely blocked by his adrenaline, which wasn’t the best thing, but it was keeping him in the fight, and he was going to fight as long as he had to, just to be with Steve at the end of the day, even if that meant taking things to the extreme. Tony would shoot as much as he could and throw as many punches as he dared to make sure as many soldiers as possible returned to London that day.
“If it’s too much, I’m sure we have pain medicine around here.”
“Fuck…” Tony leaned heavily against his alpha, hiding his face. “You can’t just say things like that. I’m really going to ruin this outfit.”
“Then understand it somewhere else,” the colonel snapped back. “If I read the posters correctly, you got someplace to be in thirty minutes.”
The butler shook his head as they headed to the parlor, and he exchanged looks with Maria once they entered the room, the woman looking just as devastated as Jarvis did.
“A baby on agreed terms, not forced? Assuming we get that far of course.”
"Doesn't feel like it some days." Steve set down his pencil, looking down at Tony. "At least I'm not back in a lab, sitting while scientists take samples of my blood all day long."
After the third day of being taken care of by his mother, Tony finally felt well enough to finally leave his room on his own and find some food. Maria was absolutely thrilled to discover her son in the kitchen before she was that morning.
“What, are you not even going to say anything, you stupid alpha?”
“Good to see you again, Rhodey,” Steve said, shaking the other man’s hand with a smile.
Several more soldiers were suddenly vaporized around Tony, and he raised his rifle, shooting at his targets preventing them from getting up again. He still hurt a bit, but his rise in adrenaline helped to block the pain, and he charged forward, shooting Hydra agents left and right until their path was clear once more.
“Why would I want something pricy? I just want your time, to get to know you, not fake something to impress you.” Steve smiled. “I want to be genuine.”
"Well, it's far from that anymore." Steve pulled his hips back slightly, then pushed himself back into tony slowly. "As you can clearly tell, I'm sure."
“Schmidt’s working with powers beyond our capabilities,” Howard said as he walked up to the table everyone gathered around. He glanced at Tony briefly before sitting down. “He gets across the Atlantic, he will wipe out the entire eastern seaboard in an hour.”
“They’re dead. I told you, I’m name-brand. If I wasn’t an omega I would be heading my family’s business instead of waving my body for drunken alphas.” he held the door open for the alpha and gestured inside, “Make yourself comfortable, mister drunken alpha.”
Taking it off the rack, Tony held it up to his body and looked down at it, tilting his head in thought.
Steve sat in a chair across from what was most likely Miss Potts’ desk. He set  his portfolio to the side. “I do thank you for contacting me. I’ve been waiting for my big break for a while.”
At first, Peggy had no reaction at all, simply staring at Tony blankly. Then she took in a breath as her eyes widened. “What?! Tony, you fought out there, you could have died! Fuck, Tony!”
Truth be told, Maria wasn’t sure if her son would be normal again. She was worried he had caught a serious disease that was incurable. She hoped that wasn’t the case, but it was hard to tell with how bad a shape Tony was in.
“You can cuddle up with him later, right now we need to get our asses in gear and head to the hangar!” The woman huffed as she kept pulling Tony along, just in case he got the idea to run to Steve without warning. “Hangar now, alpha later!”
“If only I could, Mr. Stark,” Peggy replied as she left the room.
Since he was home and didn’t plan on going anywhere, the omega changed into more comfortable clothes; a soft t-shirt and warm pants, plus some socks to keep his feet warm on that cold day. He moved out of his room and went to the kitchen where his father was making dinner. The perks of having a parent that was a beta.
“Alright, then I’ll hear from you in an hour or so.” The doctor bowed his head slightly before he left the room and left mother and son alone once more.
Peggy let him go, knowing he wanted to be alone, and she went off to fetch the medics instead. She’d find him later anyways.
The skies seemed to only darken as rain rolled in and poured on the disappointing day. Tony hardly came out of his room, angry and upset at the room smelling so strongly of Steve, and yet the alpha was no longer there. The scent was comforting, of course, but it would never be as good as if the alpha were physically there to keep the scent strong. The day dragged on, and Tony only became more and more upset. He didn’t come out for meals, only leaving his room for water when he felt like he needed it, never wanting it.
“Yeah, sure, old war hero alpha who died in a plane crash or something.” Tony shrugged, “My parents sent me to a hoity-toity private school for omegas. We touched on the basics of history.”
“How nice of him. I hope he won’t mind how messy our nest is.” Tony chuckled as he pulled away.
“Starving, actually.”
The alpha was getting antsy the further into the medical facility they went. He just wanted to know where Tony was. He had woken up in a strange new time period, and not one person even mentioned his mate’s name since he woke up, which had to have been close to an hour already.
“Oh my god, Tony, you’re helpless…” Clint said, following him.
The blond laughed. "Did you ever get scolded for tampering with school property."
Steve chuckled as he stood up fully, pulling Tony with him. “We still need to clean up a little. Can’t have any hint left over from this.”
“Might need a stick.” Tony joked.
Tony blushed hard. He was glad it was darker out so Steve couldn’t see how red his face was. “I… I think I’d like that a lot…”
“THIS STYLE!” Tony suddenly interrupted a few minutes later, dropping the portfolio onto Pepper’s desk, and covering the paperwork Pepper was talking Steve through so that they would both be protected should something happen, not that it would.
The alpha was climbing back on the bed as soon as he had the condom on. Tony hadn't moved an inch from his submissive position, which Steve was pleased by. He resumed his own position, hips lined up with Tony's and hands resting on the small of the omegas back. Once more the tip of his cock slid into Tony, then a little more, and the omega was letting out moans one right after the other. Slowly Steve fully sheathed himself into his omega, letting out a low groan once his hips met Tony's. There was a moment of pause where the two adjusted and relaxed, relishing in the sensation of joining together for the first time.
The two soon had their drinks in hand and were watching those who were dancing to the music. Tony shuffled closer to Steve, almost leaning on him as his eyes caught sight of Peggy. She looked like she was at least trying to enjoy the dance with Bucky, though she didn’t look miserable. At least it was better than standing outside in the cold.
Tony grew even louder, clinging to Steve and hiding his face in the crook of his neck to take in the alpha’s scent as he felt him reach so deeply inside of him. If it were possible for a male omega to get pregnant off his heat, Tony was sure he’d walk away from this encounter with a growing belly, condom or no.
“Bucky, you’re back.” Tony smiled and hugged the alpha, glad to see his friend back from the latest mission. “I assume this means Steve is back too?”
When the couple finally got up to the balcony Fury had mentioned, which was covered by an awning thankfully, the rain had picked up again, covering New York in a sort of calmness that put Steve at ease for the first time since he had woken up. There were a couple chairs and a side table set up, but Steve moved the table out of the way and pushed the two chairs closer together before he chose one to sit in. Tony ignored the other chair, opting to sit in Steve's lap and bury his face into the alpha’s neck.
Laughing, the Hydra agents surrounding Tony stepped closer and readied their guns, which made Tony fall back slightly into his usual omega nature. He shook and frantically glanced over to Steve.
On the way back home, Tony was crying, and so were his parents. They knew that their goodbyes would be bittersweet, but Tony was going to be happy again, and that was all that the three of them wanted. No more tears, no more pain, only happiness for the omega who deserved every bit of joy he had experienced with his mate and his family. With Jarvis driving them home, the parents and their son all huddled in the back of the car and cried together. Only a few hours were left of them being together physically, and the reality of the situation was hitting hard on the small family. Soon Maria and Howard would be alone like they were before Tony was born, and it had been so long since that time. The manor was usually alive with Tony’s presence, but after midnight, Tony’s presence would be gone, and he would be locked away to wait for Steve.
Steve turned his head to the new visitor, yet again, and blinked. "Why would a strict alpha be better for him? Restricting him would only hinder his amazing talents."
Also also! We're only two chapters away from the end of this fic! Chapter 15 is officially the end, but there's a surprise chapter after that ;)
“Well, Brucie-bear certainly got lucky with finding Thor, and I’m hoping I did too with you.” Tony purred at Steve.
The man who had encouraged everyone to cheer for Steve came close and patted the alpha on the back. “This must be the omega you were telling me about,” he said with a smirk.
“We could do that.”
Tony rolled his eyes, but Bucky was technically right. It had been months since Steve and Tony had last seen each other, let alone even touched, and Tony had spent a heat alone; which had been miserable. It was high time the alpha and omega got to spend time alone again. Besides, Tony did have another heat due very soon. His nest at home was already prepared, for the most part. Of course, it would have to be adjusted to allow Steve to join.
Tony held a finger up to the blond’s lips. “It’s enough for me,” he said with a smile, replacing his finger with his lips in a small kiss before he opened his present.  In a very nice black frame was a drawing of himself and Steve, a copy of one of the several pictures they had taken together, but this was a drawing that Steve had taken time to make and put a lot of love into. Below the drawing was Steve’s handwriting, beautiful script letters that read “I love you Tony. -Steve”
“Sounds great if we get fluffy pajamas to replace these suits?” Tony asked.
Steve’s smile faded, concern growing on his face. “Yes, of course, Tony. Are you okay? I didn’t push you too hard, did I?”
“Something’s off,” Peggy said in a thinking tone. “I think I know what you need.”
The car was fast, faster than any car that Tony had ever been in, and he honestly couldn’t help the smile that formed on his lips the faster the car went. It was probably wishful thinking to hope that one day he could drive a car like the one he was in, but he didn’t care. He was enjoying speeding after the plane that undoubtedly held Johann Schmidt in its pilot seat. Just the thought of Schmidt made Tony growl, and Steve growled along with him.
“You made it sound like this was going to be easy for us earlier, now you’re making it sound hard.”
“Well, let’s hope my shield is good for something.”
As extravagant as the party was, it wasn’t exactly entertaining to the younger couple. Most of the guests were at least as old as Howard and Maria, which left Tony and Steve with very few people to relate to through the night. If they weren’t taking with veterans, they were standing to the side in a corner, sipping on drinks and eating little blocks of cheese. Not exactly how the two wanted to spend Thanksgiving, but at least they weren’t off fighting in the war. They had a chance to relax and be themselves, and there was no way they were going to waste their time.
“Hi.” The agent smiled as she folded up her coat in her arms.
“I think he does need his daddy right now. Good luck.” she encouraged him.
“Yup! Any preferences on the food?”
A fresh trickle of slick dripped from his hole down onto the sheets.
Tony stared at Steve a long moment. He knew he should deny that he was upset and insist that everything was fine, that he was happy to be doing the rounds down on the floor. But he had been moody all day, and he just didn’t feel up to the lie.
“I make enough money myself through commissions,” Steve said. “Again, I don’t care about Tony’s money.”
Tony cried out and moaned into one of Steve’s shirts that made up part of the nest’s wall. He couldn’t do anything more than moan and whimper as Steve ate out his ass, that expert tongue flicking and moving in ways that Tony was sure he himself couldn’t come close to replicating. A huge shiver ran through his body, and then his body produced more slick to cover Steve’s face in. Tony moaned shakily as he was at the mercy of the alpha’s tongue.
“You made them?” Peggy smiled. “Amazing… You really deserve to just be let loose, you know.”
“Hu?” A mess of dark curls poked out, and a screwdriver fell out from being pinched between Tony Stark’s teeth, “That thing’s been set up. I’m just improving your built-in sound system.”
now and you act just like one. Typical. I was
“T-tony, I’m gonna…” Steve jerked his hips forward a couple more times, and then he came with a stuttered breath.
Peggy cleared her throat when the soldier had left. “Mr. Stark contacted me last night. He’s making his way back to London, regretfully. His plane was attacked while taking Captain Rogers in, and he had to leave the area. He’s made a safe fuel stop along the way.”
Wishful thinking.
When they met at the bottom of the stairs, Tony chuckled. “Don’t let your mouth hang open for too long, Captain. You’ll catch flies.”
Tony had relaxed slightly when Steve had slowed for all of ten seconds, so he cried out in surprise when the alpha picked up speed again, and in the depths of his belly he could feel his climax build up. He was close, dangerously close already, he realized, but he was trying to hold on as long as he could. Yeah, they had his whole heat to go for longer, but Tony wasn’t ready to stop yet. He wanted more of his alpha, wanted to feel just how far Steve was willing to go to satisfy his omega.
The day Tony's heat ended started slow. His heat had ended some time in the early morning, so when he woke up, he was painfully aware of how disgusting he was. There were a lot of dried body fluids on him, and he was in desperate need of a bath or shower. Groaning, he got out of the nest, that was pretty much destroyed, and stretched, grimacing when he felt a bit of pain in his rear. Looking over at the calendar, Tony tried to figure out what day it was. He narrowed it down to December 13th or 14th. He’d have to check with his mother.
Steve put his hand on Tony's once more and smiled at the omega. "It's going to be okay, Tony," he reassured. "I'm here, I'll keep you safe."
“You kidding? I love Tony, we’re close friends and all, but he’s so loud during his heats, I can barely sleep with all that moaning!”
"Well, what would be an appropriate movie for a date? Romcom? Hallmark Christmas? Comedy?"
“Tony, you’re insane,” Steve called out while going left, keeping up with Tony in case the shielding mechanism failed so he could move in to protect the omega.
“Mind if I join you?” Steve asked.
“I know, but sickness can hit you suddenly. Especially if something you ate doesn’t sit well with your stomach.”
Howard picked up a bigger knife and sawed through muscle and a little bone to make enough room. He hoped that Tony’s body would welcome the intrusion and help keep his heart safe, but the longer he worked, the more worried he became. There wasn’t really anything to put against the cut muscle and bone, except maybe the metal casing around the arc reactor, which would help at least keep the blood out of the reactor. If it worked, that is.
Tony nodded as he wiped his nose on his coat. “Have you seen him at all?”
Tony sighed and stood up, struggling a little with a grunt. He looked back at Steve just in time to see him shake hands with a man. He caught the end of the conversation.
“No, he’s not okay. I mean he’s alive, but he’s not doing well.”
“Steve isn’t interested in my money, company, or social status.” Tony defended. “He likes me for me.”
"Thank you." Steve bowed slightly before heading to the elevator he was directed to. He honestly didn't expect to be let deeper into the building without an escort, but maybe Stark was very trusting of his building security.
touchy…”
“I don’t know, that young man Stone had been quite the catch.”
Tony whimpered cutely and wiggled himself down just enough where the head of Steve’s cock began to stretch his entrance. Placing his hands on Steve’s shoulders he moaned out a needy, “Alpha, please.”
The omega sighed. “Let’s hurry then… I don’t want him to do something stupid.”
Tony whined. “I don’t think I can move without getting sick…”
The brunet was sitting in a chair away from the table Steve, Peggy, and many other agents who were curious to know where the other Hydra bases were. Plans were being made to attack all bases, which Steve was so expertly pointing out on the map, all dressed in his darker dress uniform decked out in pins marking his rank and achievements.
“Hello, boys.”
Steve nodded again, smiling this time. “Good. We can always use more good soldiers to join the fight.”
Tony was silent as he looked at his father, eyes red and puffy from crying, though it didn’t look like he was upset at Howard. If anything, he looked heartbroken of course, but forgiving, compassionate. Tony had it in his broken heart to forgive his father. Eventually. It would take time to heal the father and son’s bond, but Tony was willing to forgive, and that was all that Howard could ask for after all he had put his son through.
Phillips barely looked over the map before he turned away and started barking out orders. Typical officer, Tony thought to himself.
“More than presentable,” she replied with a smile, slipping into a pair of heels that better matched her dress. “Come on, coats are by the door. We’ve got a bar to go to.”
“As long as it’s not too over the top… sure.”
“You’re an
Once breakfast was finished, it was time for presents, and Steve for one couldn’t wait to give Tony his present. It wasn’t much in terms of what maybe the Starks could afford, but Steve thought it held a lot of meaning, so he was sure Tony was going to love it.
“I’d love to, Captain.” Tony smiled as they headed inside the restaurant. He dared to lean in close to the alpha, sticking to his side to make it clear he was taken at least for the night.
"You know I wouldn't be opposed to sharing my room." Steve smirked back before the elevator chimed and the doors opened.
When the doors opened again, Steve nearly dropped his jaw. Everything he saw was so much more sophisticated and clean in design, more organized than the cluttered base in London he had learned about so many missions in. Agents were everywhere Steve looked, and he began to trust them a little more, but he still wasn't fully trusting Fury, so he wasn't ready to fully trust the agents just yet.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Hey. Have you eaten yet?”
“I guess, but… I don’t---”
Steve smiled and chuckled lightly, rubbing his neck. “We’ll see how we are after this gala first.”
Sitting up straighter, Howard's eyes widened. "Holy shit, Tony was fighting while pregnant! And he didn't think to tell anyone?!"
“You’re perfect—how are you perfect? No alpha can be this perfect…” Tony muttered after a moment of silence, turning slightly to lean back against Steve.
“I...I don’t understand… You ask me on a date, act all gentlemanly to me...and then you tell me you might not want me to come with you to Europe? Are you really telling me this?”
“Mr. Stark, I presume?” the alpha asked.
Tony looked up at his king, the magnificent blond that had stolen his heart in a matter of months when they first met. He smiled and reached up to touch Steve’s cheek. “You have no idea how much I really love you…”
A meeting was called the next day to discuss plans with the Howling Commandos, Howard, and Colonel Phillips. New information was coming in left and right, and it wasn’t good information. From what Tony had heard so far, the whole world was in danger, and he was willing to help fight to keep it safe from the leader of Hydra himself. As he listened in on the meeting, Tony stood right behind the chair Steve was sitting in.
When May came around, Tony started busying himself with preparing for a heat. He hoped he wouldn’t be spending his birthday in heat, which he had all month to have it. Still, he was searching his home for some of the softest things. Blankets, pillows, sheets, clothes, anything he could get his hands on, he would take and put into his nest in his bedroom. Of course the shirts he had that still faintly smelled like Steve were saved for last; Tony not wanting Steve’s scent to get drowned out by other scents that weren’t as comforting.
A couple days passed, no call from Steve, no call from Howard, and the days were long and tiring to the omega hidden away in his own tent. He wondered once more if he might ever see Steve again. Nothing was comforting to him anymore, not even the scent or the dog tags. Tony was miserable and lonely He began to believe that Steve had been killed in action, and the more he believed that, the more lonely he got. He even cried several times, believing that his alpha was really dead and wasn’t ever coming back. Tony clung tightly to every article of clothing that belonged to Steve. Nothing could make him feel better except for knowing that Steve was still alive and was coming back. More lonely and painful nights resulted in fitful sleep, until Tony continued to exhaust himself enough to just give in and pass out. There seemed to be no end to his suffering. He was going to return home with the tags of an alpha he had grown to love and never got to say it.
They're was a pause, then Tony answered. "In my black bag, yeah…"
“No, you’re staying here with your mother.”
“Sounds like a date,” Tony said with a smile as Peggy and Bucky made their way over to the two.
“I missed you too, Steve.” Tony smiled, feeling a warmth rush to his belly, a spike of need running through him.
“We have crackers still, right?”
“Okay,” Steve said, smiling at Tony. “We should probably leave soon, then. Don’t want to keep your parents waiting, and I don’t want to keep Bucky from missing his next flight to New York.”
"Well, at least you're out here where you wanted to be in the first place. It's not so glamorous, but war never is."
When Tony took off his arc reactor, the pain in his chest suddenly increased, and he gasped before he powered through the pain, tossing the reactor onto the floor and out of his reach before taking off his top. He grimaced through the pain, the top of the uniform sticking to his skin as he peeled it off. It was then that he saw how bad his injuries were.
“Well, if Steve is as great as you say he is, then I’d say the wait will be worth it to see him again. And who knows, maybe Steve can earn some time to come back home and be back on home turf, rather than spending all his down time in London.”
It was in the very early hours of the morning when Tony finally gave up on trying to make himself feel better. He gave into his exhaustion several times, only to wake up an hour later each time and feel the need to create some sort of friction. At some point, he eventually fell asleep and stayed asleep for the rest of the dark and cold night.
After dinner was finished, Jarvis returned and told both Starks to go on to bed, that he would clean everything up. Maria thanked their butler before going with Tony to his room to help him unpack, despite him telling her she didn’t really need to help. She had stayed up long enough waiting and worrying over her son anyways.
“Well I can’t say I’m surprised. Your alpha
Steve nodded in understanding, feeling a bit stupid. “Yeah, I’ll leave. Ah… I hope you like your chocolates.” He turned and left the room, face red as he left.
The two exchanged some flirty glances before Steve turned to go, leaving Tony, Peggy, and Howard standing next to each other in a heavy silence. Not a word was spoken as Tony watched Steve leave, then he turned to his father with a grim expression. “Show me what you’re working on,” he said with an almost pained tone that didn’t go unnoticed by Peggy.
The man sighed, “Time will tell, I suppose. Just don’t cry to me when things break apart again.”
“Ah, welcome to my favorite place to spend time, Mr. Rogers. Custom designed for maximum productivity.”
"Anthony, please don't move," Maria said as she hurried over to the hospital bed, hugging him gently. "Oh god, I told you not to go with your father to work…"
Humming, Tony relaxed again and closed his eyes, “Tomorrow is going to be interesting… Stone doesn’t like it when his omegas run off, so we’ll have to be sneaky about it. I hope you have a car or something.”
“Well you’ll never be forced to be a stereotype as long as you’re with me. I’m sorry that they tried to force you to do that.”
The two stared at each other for a long while, meanwhile a commotion was going on outside. Soldiers were running towards the entrance of the camp, shouting things that were unintelligible. When more men ran by, Phillips’ and Peggy’s attentions were finally caught.
Steve leaned forward and captured Tony's lips in a soft kiss before he replied. "Beautiful omega."
“You’d better. I’d hate to lose the one alpha I actually love to a private that isn’t even that pretty.” There was a hint of a smirk on Tony’s lips, though it was short lived, and Steve barely saw it when he looked back up.
Walking along the hall naked after a private session was common, so passing omegas barely glanced at him as he passed by. Finally, he reached the dorm he shared with Clint and he unlocked the door, stumbling in and grinning guiltily at Clint who was up and pulling on a pair of tight fitting pants. “Ears in yet?”
“Wait!” Tony pulled himself up and grabbed onto Steve as tight as he could, pulling the alpha in for a kiss with a gentle hand on Steve’s cheek.
But finally, they made it inside and Tony took a moment to pause and look Steve over again, “Still surviving?”
“You sure? I was the one to ask you out...and I even let you choose the type of food and you chose something so….normal. Most of the past people I’ve invited out to eat always choose someplace pricy…”
A pleased sound came from the alpha’s throat, which was a noise he hadn’t made yet during his time with Tony. He was dropping his alpha act by just a little, but he was still very much in control of the situation. “Perfect omega,” he muttered as he yet again picked up the pace.
"Language," Steve said with a smirk.
“My apartment. I’ve got some clothes that will be perfect for you to wear tonight.” Peggy opened up the door to the stairs that would lead them up above ground. She pushed Tony in front of her, making sure the door closed quietly before she hurried up the stairs.
“Tony—”
"Damn right about that." Steve allowed himself to glance over the omega. "You got a name?"
“I’ll admit I’ve had a little trouble coming to terms with that, but since Tony and I have been together for over a year now, I suppose it’s time I started referring to myself as family.”
“Yeah, I know. We were about to jump back to the pack anyways.” Steve placed a hand on Tony’s shoulder and guided him back towards the pack.
“Some of these men need medical attention.” Another pause. “I’d like to surrender myself for disciplinary action.”
“Even if I let myself get fat?” Tony asked.
“Might work part of the time, but you might just have to drag him away from his lab other times.” Rhodey said, “I’ve done that a few times. Just threw him over my shoulder and carried him up to his room and sat there until he finally let himself settle in for the night.”
"Would it be bad if I said both?"
“Ah, a blank canvas!” The employee clapped his hands together with a large smile. “I can tell you’re new at clothes shopping. Mind if I help you find something?”
Howard glared at Tony. “Whose name is on there then? It better not be your mother’s.”
“Tony, what are you talking about? What happened? Was it something with your dad?”
“No… no, no, don’t think like that, Steve…” Tony looked up at the blond and cupped his face. “It wasn’t your fault. You did all you could to save him, it’s not your fault.”
“I’m done,” he said after setting his bowl in his lap, looking down at the mostly liquid meal.
Tony inhaled. “If he’s never found… the machine I’ll build to keep me frozen will eventually fail, and I’ll wake up and live in whatever age I wake up in, or I die. If he’s found dead, then pull the plug on me, so I can join my alpha in the next life. I don’t want to suffer alone without him any more.”
“Right… Just don’t fuck up again. And give me a day or two before you try anything. That includes trying to kiss or hug me.”
Tony shook his head. “No… No, I need to tell you now, in case…”
“In normal settings, yes.” she agreed, “This isn’t that.”
Tony nodded as he sat up in his bed, revealing a bare torso that showed every muscle he had built up as a soldier. “I’ll do my best.”
“Privilege of being born to rich parents, I guess, but I’m not trying to intimidate you, I want to be adorable to you.”
The omega closed his eyes as his mother’s comforting hand rubbed small circles on his chest. “I was scared, Mom… I couldn’t escape that man, and I was weaker than normal because I was going into heat…”
The omega groaned at his mother, but he silently thanked her. “Anyways, clothes shopping sometime within the next few months sounds great. Any excuse to… do anything other than dwell on the fact that my alpha is on the other side of the world.”
Tony’s heart continued to break as his alpha turned and walked over to him. He saw how Steve’s jaw was tense, and he immediately stopped struggling against his mother, waiting for Steve to come to him and tell him directly that he had to stay home.
The blond scoffed. “But the serum worked.”
Before the two drifted back to sleep, Steve hummed low in Tony’s ear. “Sweet omega…”
“Don’t worry, I would never take a Stark omega to go dumpster diving for food. Though maybe for spare parts for new projects…” Steve smiled at Tony as the omega flushed.
It was a while before anyone in the room could speak again. Tony and Steve clung to each other, crying, and Peggy stood a respectful distance from them, staying silent to let the two mourn. This time, it wasn’t her who broke the silence. It was Steve, looking up with fire in his eyes and low growl coming from his chest.
"Peggy? She had a big part in this?"
Steve chuckled lightly. “I mean… if I am allowed to say, I did let my eyes wander a bit while in the lab…”
Steve had a moment where he stared at the older man. “But if you know where they are, why not at least--”
“It wasn’t that,” Peggy snapped back. “I had faith. Tony had faith, and Tony being here has nothing to do with what happened out there.”
“I’d need either my dad or Steve around to get them for me, and Dad ended up dumping the whole bottle I had down the drain. Obviously I’m not getting another bottle through his name.”
“You’re going to ask a bunch of drunken soldiers to fight after they had been captured? They’re going to think you’re out of your mind.”
Another moan came from Tony’s lips, the brunet shifting to move his hips against his alpha’s. He’d be lying if he were to say he wasn’t ready for Steve to take him during his next heat already. It wasn’t too far off anyways, and his August heat had been such a rush that he was glad Steve had been smart enough to remember protection.
Sliding behind some crates, Tony caught his breath, his heart pounding in his chest and his eyes wide open. Czechoslovakia hadn’t been anything like this. This was absolutely hell compared to Czechoslovakia.
Phillips lowered his eyebrows. He shook his head. “I can’t touch Stark, he’s rich, and he’s the army’s number one weapons contractor, you are neither one.”
“Do you guys live here on this base?” Tony asked, leaning against Steve’s side and loosley wrapping his arms around his muscular arm.
“I’m sure I can handle you when you’re drunk, Tony.” Steve wrapped his arm back around the omega’s waist and pulled him closer, kissing the top of his head.
“It’s one thing if you’re not pregnant, Tony, but you are! You put yourself
“I don’t give a damn about your opinions,” Phillips grumbled. “I took a chance with you, Agent Carter, and now America’s golden boy and a lot of other good men are dead. All because Rogers brought his little omega with him and wanted to protect him, and you helped him.”
Maria giggled. “In case you need them, all your old toys are stuffed under your bed.”
“I’m sure I wouldn’t, but I am Tony’s date for the night.”
Beside him Steve also sat up, calling out for the commandos to sound off. All of them responded, much to Tony’s relief. The couple’s eyes met each other as they both caught their breath, and then smiles broke out on their faces. As they smiled, the shielding mechanism on Tony’s suit finally gave out, sparking a couple times before disappearing completely. Tony chuckled.
“Fighting? What do you mean he was
Tony didn’t say anything, only dropping his bags and reaching around Jarvis to hug him tight. If anyone could comfort him in this time of need, it was Jarvis.
The two were silent for a long time, simply enjoying being together once more while the rain fell and brand new sounds of the city below reached their ears. Tony was the first to speak once he got the courage to do so.
"Yeah, had to improvise a little bit. The crowds I’m used to are a little more, uh...twelve."
“Tony, go look. Be yourself. You know there will be people in there who can help you if you need it.”
“Tony!” Howard’s voice. The omega started wailing.
Steve chuckled. "I hardly expected this all to be easy for you. From what I've heard about you, you've more impressed me than anything. Your inventions are amazing things, in fact, one of the prosthetic models you designed helped my best friend after he lost his arm while we were deployed overseas. We joined the army right out of high school."
“I…” Tony fidgeted with his hands as he looked up at Peggy. “Steve and I got… close over the holidays. Like, we shared one of my heats together.”
“Oh, yes, hi! Just call me Tony.” Mr. Stark grinned, offering a handshake with his grease-stained hand.
Another sigh came from Tony as he dropped the hem of his shirt. “But the reactor’s failing. Running to keep me alive for nearly 70 years has really done a number on it. I need to make a new and improved version so I can keep living… and so I can stay with you.”
“Welcome to finding the rare non-gold-digger in your dating life, rich boy.”
“If you want sci-fi, you should meet JARVIS. I’m still working out a few things in his code, but once I do, he’ll be running the entire building—and my home in Malibu. Right now he’s only running this lab as a test run. Isn’t that right, J?”
“I know it sounds bad, but I really was thinking of you when she kissed me. To be honest I was thinking of you all morning, and when she kissed me I… got carried away."
Howard looked down at the papers, noting the designs with a sigh. "Looks like I've got some ideas for a new suit to work on…"
It took several tries but by the end of May, in the same week as Tony’s birthday, the finalized serum was complete. The closet in the back of Howard's home office was to be the location of the machine and the arc reactor, and was thus Tony’s place of rest. It was either going to be his life saver or his grave, and both options were options Tony was okay with. All he wanted was to be with Steve once more, in life or in death. Finally, he was getting his chance with this plan of his. His last day with his family was to be on his birthday, and when the clock would strike midnight of the next day, Tony would be given the serum and put into the machine to sleep until he could meet his mate again.
“Sure about that, Doll? Because it seems to me like you can’t live without me now.” Steve purred in Tony’s ear again, making the omega whine and go a little weak in the knees.
The alpha sighed. “There needs to be a bullet proof material in general.”
“I did tell you you could play with weapons. Practice archery without having to hide.” Tony grinned, “Come on, it’ll be great. Even if we don’t join the group, we’ll still have a better life than at any other omega work space.”
“Where am I?” Steve asked, trying not to sound threatening. He didn’t know who he was up against just yet, but he didn’t feel safe.
Clenching his jaw, Tony pulled away and left the dancefloor, making his way over to the bar to grab something stronger than champagne.
Tumblr: odetopsychiatry
“Iron man, iron man!” A young girl stumbled toward them and latched to Tony’s sleeve. Then, her face grew deadly serious and she murmured, “did the bad guys take out your heart?” A little finger pointed, pushed forward, and pressed itself into Tony’s chest.
Finally, a plastic bag was pushed toward them along with a pen. Steve hurriedly dug for his receipt and scribbled a signature, pushing it back across the counter.
Tony sucked in a breath. “Yes. Fine. Yes. I will just because you’re going- but you sticking around right now? Makes me want to move countries.”
Tony was still around- was still with him.
“What’d you take?” Steve muttered bitterly, fists clenching at his sides.
“It’s not.”
“It’s too cold!”
Tony’s good hand, the one that wasn’t cradled at his side, reached tentatively out and pushed a pawn forward. Steve couldn’t hold back a small smile that tugged at the corner of his lip.
“Then help me!” Steve exclaimed, unable to stop himself from throwing his arms out emphatically. A deep longing settled in his chest and he nearly screamed with frustration- not only at Tony, but at himself. Why was he so hellbent on helping? Why did he even care? “Tony, I just wanna know! Why did you crash that car, please, just tell me! Why-“
“All fine, Cap!” Came the shaky response, higher pitched. Panicked. “Some, uh, stitching came loose but, uh, I-I’m fine-“
“Okay, well, this will have to be a first, then,” Steve insisted, gesturing to the empty bed. Tony released a frustrated sigh, doing his best to crawl to the pillows and slip beneath the deep red, fluffy covers. “You alright now?”
“… and you spent about seventy of that in the ice.”
“Please, Rogers, there’s a-a… there’s a goddamn time and a place for you and it’s not
Suddenly, the elevator doors slid open, revealing the penthouse floor once again. The darkness of the room was slightly illuminated by the glow of the light in the elevator, casting a feeble beam onto a dishevelled figure. There stood Tony, a too-big Led Zeppelin t-shirt hanging off of his smaller frame and baggy pyjama pants nearly curtaining over his bare feet. His hair stuck up in all sorts of strange angles, brown tufts falling lopsided over his forehead. Steve would have chuckled if not for the terrifyingly pissed-off expression on Tony’s tired face. His arms were crossed over his chest, hip cocked.
“I didn’t know you were a medical professional, Cap. If only I’d kno-“
Tony sighed softly, inspecting the swell beneath Steve’s eye before he set aside the ice pack, laying Steve back on the pillow. He laid down, carefully laying a protective arm over Steve’s broad chest and resting his face in the crook of his husband’s neck. His eyes fluttered closed tiredly and he nuzzled there, pressing a number of gentle kisses to Steve’s neck.
“I think we should ask for help.”
Shallows-  Daughter
“Can we talk about it then?”
At least Steve’s room was nice, he supposed. Of course, he did have full sole choice over which of the forty guest rooms in the place. He selected the closest room to Tony’s, one that sat just one floor below the penthouse suite. It was complete with its own full bathroom and kitchen, a king sized bed placed directly in front of a large, flatscreen television. Steve wouldn’t be using that and the room was far too high-brow for his taste, but he sacrificed his modesty in order to be closer to Tony- in case of emergency, he assured himself.
Of course Tony had settled into this lifestyle. Steve could fake being surprised for as long as he wanted but nothing could mask that he had seen this coming. Maybe to a lesser degree, but it had been a long time coming. There it was, the result of Steve’s carelessness. It was there in the marks on Tony’s sides, the jagged laceration that cut through his abdomen like a river, stitched sloppily by hasty doctors. It was in the bruises that bloomed over Tony’s chest and directly over his right ribcage, just where his ribs had snapped like brittle twigs under the weight of a crushed car. It was there always- and whether or not it was really Steve’s fault, he felt as though it had to be.
Okay, so maybe Steve practically jumped out of his skin at the sudden voice, drawing in a sharp breath and tensing in place, prepared instinctively for combat. He cursed his programmed, heightened senses, ears burning red with shame despite that only the AI was around to witness.
“Do you seriously want to have this conversation at five in the morning? Because we both know that I graduated MIT at seventeen and that outsmarting you
he repeated to himself, a mantra that he hoped would see him through until they arrived at the tower. It was only once his breathing had resumed its regular respirations and his heartrate had slowed to an even and consistent beat that he allowed himself to look to the passenger seat. He hadn’t expected to see much good, but it still broke him somewhat inside.
Tony was turning around to leave, then he wasn’t. He was closing the distance, reaching out to meet Peter as the younger boy’s frail arms grabbed at the empty air for him. Then, they were both crying, holding each other as closely as humanly possible. Tony’s fingers smoothed over the wild brown curls, his other arm pulling the small figure close to his chest. He gasped in the familiar and comforting scent and the air was no longer crushing down on his lungs.
There was a still moment, one in which Tony stopped his struggling and seemed to just listen, allowing his ear to press to Steve’s chest. He panted, exhausted and worn out. Since it seemed to have some effect, Steve continued.
“I know,” Steve settled for saying, struggling to keep his tone even. “I… I just didn’t know what to say.”
He chanted inwardly.
about Tony’s time in Afghanistan. He’d never been briefed or read the files; it just never seemed necessary. Now he realized how valuable the information would have been. “She had been o-on a date. I was in the downstairs bathtub w-when she found me.” The chuckle that he released was raw, but Steve allowed himself to smile at the recollection. At least they both found some solace in their similarities. Tony’s breaths were still ragged. He still trembled- but at least he was trying.
Still, only one question allowed itself to pass his lips: “why did you call me here?”
“Tony,” Steve breathed, “that’s a lot of blood.”
There was, for a moment, thoughtful consideration before he shook his head. No. Too far, too soon.
As if by magic, water spouted from the large tap and began to fall down into the bathtub in a ridiculous, overdramatic waterfall that could only be expected of in Tony Stark’s bathroom. The man looked pleased with himself, smirking slightly before quirking and eyebrow and turning on his heel.
“Oooh,” Tony cooed, spinning back around and using his good arm to continue typing into a keyboard at a speed that was far too fast for someone typing with one hand. Steve stepped closer to see that he was punching nonsense into the computer system. “If you wanted me so bad, you could’ve asked.”
A chuckle. A small, pitiful sniff. Tony dragged an arm over his face, hunched over and faced away still from Steve.
“Are you kidding? Why didn’t you tell me? I couldn’t get ahold of you for weeks.”
“Don’t sprain your wrist jerking yourself off.” Steve replied easily. Tony’s mouth dropped comically and he coughed out a laugh.
Tony didn’t need to reply.
Tumblr: odetopsychiatry
“Why?”
“Yes.”
“Dominant,” Tony mused, shouldering past the larger man and stepping in easily. “I like it.” Of course, he needed far more help to be lowered down, wincing as Steve helped him into a seated position. “A-ah, Jesus! Don’t rupture my goddamn spleen,” he protested at a relatively large bump, hissing.
“Tony?”
“You alright?” Steve murmured gently, pressing a quick kiss to the tip of his nose. Tony chuckled- it was the most beautiful thing Steve had heard in this century.
Steve stiffened immediately at the soft, unfamiliar tone of the woman’s voice. He swung his legs over the side of the bed, brow deepening in a frown. “Yes, this is Steve. What can I do for you?”
South by Sleeping At Last
“… he never used to have nightmares. When we were kids, he was always the one to calm me down. Now, I’m the one who has- had-“ Steve didn’t even consciously correct himself.
Tony laughed, which shocked Steve for a moment. “I-I once called Pepper to t-tell her that I was kidnapped again.” Steve felt his breath hitch. To be completely honest, he knew
, I’m fucking scared of anything that even
No response. Blink, blink. Tony closed his eyes and they stayed closed.
“ ‘Well’ what?”
“Do you want a shower?” Steve said instead, stooping down and beginning to fold the clothing neatly. He heard Tony scoff at his tidying, but he only shot the other a quizzical, daring look and continued.
No more, no less.
Steve disregarded the words and filled a glass anyways, setting both on the floor so that he could help the man into a seated position, not without great difficulty in Tony’s state. Tony gladly grasped the pill bottle and not-so-gladly held the glass. Upon handing him both the items, Steve thought better of it and took back the glass upon seeing the liquid tremble with the shaking of Tony’s hands. He held it patiently as Tony scrabbled to twist off the lid with his one good hand, fingers slipping uselessly along the cap. In normal circumstances, he would have covered up the weakness with a poor-taste joke. Instead, he just became more and more visibly frustrated.
Steve wondered, at the back of his mind, just how many people had seen Tony in such a state- let alone that he had already seen a small breakdown the previous night. Pepper, Rhodey, possibly Bruce- and then Steve. It was a very different person, maybe partially due to the fever or the drugs (or lack thereof), but not in a bad way. In a more vulnerable, somehow stronger way.
“Tony,” Steve chuckled, sighing out a long breath. “Read between the lines: not everyone in my time was straight.”
Tony stared for a moment, blinking and blinking. Then, that same smile came back again and he grinned, shoulders bobbing up and down in a mocking chuckle. He shook his head, laughter coming louder and louder until Steve finally back off of him, a look of disgust crossing over his face. This… this wasn’t Tony like Steve knew him.
“Sounds like holidays are lonely for him. I bet that if he doesn’t have any missions planned, he’ll be here later this year to spend time with you.”
“Alpha please,” Tony begged, his arms spread out over his head while looking up at Steve. “Take me alpha…”
"Well don't worry about it too much. You've got a lot to take in before we do anything else."
"Don't worry, I'll try my hardest. Besides, my sister might not want me around for long anyways." Bucky chuckled as he hugged Tony back with one arm.
“I’m going after Schmidt. I’m not going to stop until all of Hydra is dead or captured.” Steve pulled Tony closer as he spoke, acting protectively of him.
“Mmmhh…” Tony moaned and shifted with the slow thrusts, “If your stories about yourself is true, Captain Steve, then you’re a hundred year old beta with a magic alpha knot.” he opened his eyes and looked up at the alpha, “I’m not complaining. You fill me quite perfectly.”
Sighing heavily, Tony readjusted his suspenders that kept his pants up, shoving his hands in his pockets as he looked up at the tall blond. “You’d think they’d give you better pants than tights.”
“Relax,” the omega said with a laugh. “I made sure to decline their offers, and besides, I never went out in public alone. I was either with my mom or Jarvis.”
“Yeah…” Tony rubbed his arm, attempting to smile and failing to do so. “I’m worried he’s doing something that will get him killed…”
“I’m more worried about what your dad is going to do to me. He told you to stay, and he’ll find out that you were with me, he’ll think this was all my plan. Not that I’m worried.”
“Alright.” Tony tapped his knuckle on the window to signal for it to be opened and it was, a gloved hand appearing to help Tony out first to be greeted by the flashing cameras and the noise of the crowd mixed with the calls from reporters. He stepped to the side to give Steve room to get out as well.
"I think about a day. They had to run some tests on me to make sure I was going to make it. My reactor wasn't very strong when I first woke up." Tony sighed and closed his eyes, leaning back against Steve. "I wish I had invented a time machine… could have gone back to my parents."
"Your technology still amazes me," Steve said as he moved over to Tony. "I mean you made a fully functioning AI. That alone testifies how amazing and smart you are."
Steve whined while tightening his grip on the omega.
Steve lost his words for a moment as Tony tugged at the slacks he had just unzipped, the alpha closing his eyes and leaning his head back. "D-don’t get too carried away. I'm sure neither of us brought extra clothes."
Tony's eyes widened. His father had no idea he had come to Europe. Howard was going to be pissed.
First Howard looked at what Tony had been reaching for, which was the arc reactor. He admired its design only briefly before he turned his son onto his back, and that was when he saw the wounds. They were deep and would be hard to patch up. Confused at first as to why Tony had been reaching for the reactor, Howard made a frustrated sound. He knew that if he didn’t do something fast, Tony might die. There wasn’t time to call a doctor or a medic. Tony needed immediate attention, and the only person around was Howard.
Steve looked up at her and pulled out his transponder. It had a hole blown in it. “Couldn’t call my ride.”
“I know, darling, but you can see how much our son is suffering. He’s hurting enough to make his own plan to make things right for himself. I know he’s serious about this because he ran the numbers.”
"Thank you," Steve said with a smile, rolling the chair to a position he had the most views of the projected designs. "Don't hesitate to ask me anything, of course. I want this mural to be perfect."
Tony sat back. “I see. You really are still a little guy at heart.”
The ride to the base felt agonizingly slow to Tony. He was practically bouncing in his seat as Bucky drove them through the snow, though watching London go about the busy day despite the weather was entertaining. Not as entertaining as seeing Steve again, of course, but still interesting.
This is the longest chapter in this fic, and there's not a lot of fluff in it lmao. We're only getting started with the angst here!
“And you know what? The suppressant pills I’m taking are working beautifully, and I’m going to continue to take them because they give me a sharp mind, they keep me focused, and I don’t have to worry about any more heats. They give me freedom, and I won’t let you take that away from me,” Tony added as an afterthought. He regretted it immediately.
“We barely made it past the vultures, but we’re here.” Tony joked, giving Pepper a hug. “How long do we have to stay?”
. I plan on continuing to fight. I’m going to keep fighting in the war and do what I can, because I know I can do more. I was meant for more than sitting at home and behaving like a good little omega. I won’t act like an omega if I can help it!
“Oh, they’ll definitely be asking about you. If anything, I’ll only give them the base facts. Your name, and the fact that you’re my date. They want to know more? They can google you. Unless you want to say more.”
He gave up on thinking and just laid back on his bed. Everything hurt. Everything was spinning. Tony could have sworn he was dying or something. Maybe… maybe he had one of those viruses that was flying around. He didn’t want to think that that was the issue, but he had to consider the possibilities. Besides, he was sure his mother wasn’t thinking he had some stomach bug any more. Not after a week of not feeling good. Stomach bugs didn’t ever seem to be as extreme as Tony was going through, even with taking medicine and eating well.
“You have quite the collection of projects,” he commented with a smile.
“Unfortunately I can’t tell you that, but they both died on the same day in 1991.Both doing surprisingly well for their old age, but they were being escorted back to their home one night when the driver ran off the road and hit a tree. They were going fast… the impact killed all three passengers.”
“Glad we agree on that.”
“Mmhm,” Tony said, grabbing a couple of his nesting blankets to drag over to the couch where they could set up a comfortable area to snack, cuddle, and watch movies. “Will be perfect once we’re cuddling. Want to set up our snacks while I get the nest situation situated?”
When the casing was secure, Howard wiped his hands on his pants before grabbing the reactor and pushing it into the casing. A little blood seeped out of the lines of stitches he had made, but it was very little. Soon the reactor locked into place inside the casing, which had kept it secure on the straps before, and Howard let out a sigh of relief. The hard part was over. All he had left to do was dress the other wounds Tony had and wait.
“There’s no way you need him for the whole day,” Tony said with a skeptical look as they exited the apartment building.
"And that's why they call you the Winter Soldier." Steve turned to the omegas and smiled. "Tony, Clint, this is Sergeant James Barnes, he's an old friend from back in the war."
Tony stared at himself in the mirror. He wondered to himself if he was dressing up too much for the return of his alpha, but he quickly got rid of that thought. Steve was going to love seeing him again, dressed up or not, so Tony might as well dress up a little more than usual to go to the military base  and greet the alpha.
It took a bit for Tony to calm down enough to gather his thoughts and speak his mind.
“A very good plan. I’m glad you’re considering joining Hydra’s cause. Now, let’s forget all about the politics and whatnot, and let me fuck your brains out, omega.” The alpha moved to push Tony back on the bed, taking off the rest of his clothes so he was fully exposed. A growl filled the room as Steve caught the scent of Tony’s slick.
“Mom, did you not just hear the doctor?! I’m pregnant! How the hell am I supposed to handle being pregnant without Steve around?!” Tony, shuffled off his bed and clutched the shirt he was wearing. It was one of Steve’s but it no longer smelled like the alpha.
“August is quite a while from now.”
Tony kicked off the boots he had thrown on and not tied. His stomach flipped in anticipation, flinching at the light touches Steve gave him. When the alpha pulled down his pants, he tipped his head back a moaned, the cooler air making him shiver. He swallowed and looked up at Steve with wide, eager eyes.
“R-right…” Wiping his mouth, Tony sighed and straightened his clothes. “If Mom and Dad are buried somewhere around Malibu,  I want to go visit them.”
The brunet blinked. His heart started beating even faster. Was Steve really suggesting what Tony thought he was suggesting? Did Steve really want to go to Italy alone? Was that really an option he was considering while on a freaking
“I know…” Steve wrapped an arm around Tony’s waist and pulled him close. “I sure hope that doesn’t happen though.”
There was a beta man sitting behind a desk, looking bored. But he looked up at Steve, and then at his computer before nodding, “Mr. Rogers? Have a seat, Miss Potts will be right with you once she’s back from lunch.” he gestured to a row of comfortable looking chairs.
The brunet winced slightly as he moved his torso the wrong way. His rib was nearly halfway healed, and occasionally he'd get headaches, but those weren't nearly as bad as his rib pain. He kept ice on it a lot. Most of his shirts had creased a certain way because of the ice packs he wore. They were going to look weird when he was healed fully. Or maybe he could just get new shirts. His mother would probably love a shopping trip sometime soon.
“And I haven’t even gotten to the best part yet.” Tony chuckled and shifted to straddle Steve’s lap, slipping the ring onto Steve’s ring finger, the same finger that a married couple would share their wedding bands on. “Talking more about being together after the war has really made me think about what I’m going to do with my life. I… I honestly didn’t want to belong to anyone for a very long time. And then you came into my life and I haven’t been the same since. Somehow when I’m around you, everything feels right, and I…”
Steve looked around in wonder with wide eyes, impressed by the amount of tech lying around, waiting to be tinkered with by the master himself.
“Of course, why not? I won’t complain or change the station if I hear something I don’t like.” Steve gestured to the radio. “You’re in charge, Mr. Stark.”
“No, fuck you! I’m going with him!”
"I suppose I should. Do we have any soup I could take to him? Maybe someone helping him eat will get him some more energy."
The party lasted well into the night, presents being handed out when the clock struck midnight. Maria had her hands full for sure, but thankfully Jarvis was there to help her hand out the presents to friends, family, and coworkers. Of course, presents between Maria, Tony, Steve, and Jarvis were saved until the morning, so they would have a more private family time to be merry and love each other. Handing out presents took what seemed like forever, and Tony admitted he wished he could just go to bed already. He wasn’t feeling the greatest anyways. Too much champagne, probably…
Tony sighed, looking down at the floor. “I really don’t want to go back to our apartment tonight. I’d rather stay with you.”
Tony finally cracked a small smile and climbed out after his alpha.
“You need to heal up before you even think of tinkering again. Your rib won’t heal if you keep moving around like you normally do.”
As Tony sat backstage, he listened to every rehearsed line that Steve said, closing his eyes and simply listening to his voice. Every performance was exactly the same, but each time, Steve got a little better at saying his lines. With each new performance, there had been more and more stunts performed. Tony liked to peek every once in a while, but seeing the dumb costume always made him turn away after more than five minutes. Still… he always had to take a peek when Steve was lifting things. Steve was an alpha showing off, and it was attractive as
“Captain Rogers—”
“They work well enough, but Tony wants to get his hands on them to upgrade them for me since I could barely afford the cheapest ones. But he doesn’t have the tools he’d need so I live with it and try my best not to let them get damaged.”
After the two claimed a booth and had their orders taken, they settled against the windows next to where they were sitting. Tony stared out the window at the rain clouds, Steve stared at Tony. They were silent, each having their own thoughts on their minds as they waited for food. Steve was the one to break the silence finally, clearing his throat before he spoke.
“They both seem quite sentient. And fond of you.”
"Of course. Would you like me to just text Pepper as well? That way we can go right to the car."
“He got held up at work. His last client of the day needed extra breaks.” Bruce said before looking at Steve again with a smile, “Donald Blake, though most people who knows him just call him Thor. He’s a tattoo artist. Owns the shop Odinson’s tattoo and piercings with his siblings. As an artist yourself, I’m sure you can relate to projects taking longer than anticipated, even if your canvases don’t move around or need food and bathroom breaks.”
Purring, the omega kissed back happily, pleased with the praise from the alpha he was growing more and more convinced would be
“Good to know. I’ll have to have JARVIS put together a playlist you’ll enjoy for some of the times you visit me in the lab while I’m working.”
“Yeah, just the guy who is painting that mural for you… what are you doing here?”
“You’re missing your alpha suddenly, so I’m not surprised that you were too depressed to properly take care of yourself.”
“Both of us? No more sitting in drunk alpha’s laps just so they can feel special? No more getting groped simply for walking by? And I’ll be able to invent things? And—and would Clint be allowed to play with weapons? He likes crossbows and stuff like that.”
“About tonight,” the brunet started. “Steve wanted to take me out, if the weather is good.”
The blond sighed and looked up at Bucky, who just shrugged and gestured to Tony.
All Tony was missing was his firearms and a battlefield.
“I think you’ll find it’s more of a feat to get me to shut up if I’m doing anything other than working in my lab.” Tony grinned with a wink as he took the portfolio and flipped it open to start looking through the samples of art Steve had put together.
Tony kept tripping over his feet, his heart beating so incredibly fast in his chest. “Give me my pills back!” He reached out, just barely touching the bottle before his father pushed him away. He was starting to panic.
“I saved you, because despite what we’ve gone through in the past, I still love you. I know you lost the man you love the most, and I know you feel terrible right now because of that… but I didn’t want you to die with a freshly broken heart. That’s no way to die after fighting for your life.”
The omega tilted his head to the side. “Europe…”
“Justin didn’t like me using birth control. He always hid it from me right before my heats hit. I wasn’t ready for being a parent, but he didn’t care. I wanted to wait until after I was out of college before thinking of having pups.”
“God, you need to eat like cinnamon or something next time because that was disgusting.” Tony shuddered as he paused in stroking his own cock.
Finals went very well! I passed all my classes for the semester so I'd call that a win lol But here's the next update for yal! There's just a little bit of everything in this chapter. Fluff, smut, angst, you name it. Enjoy, and Happy Holidays!
“Christmas is coming up soon,” Tony stated simply. “We already spent Thanksgiving away from home. I want to spend Christmas somewhere nice.”
A flock of birds suddenly burst out of the trees, cawing and screeching as they fled the Hydra base, and then the radio next to Colonel Phillips crackled to life, giving the command that the team had been waiting for.
“I’m sorry,” Tony said, cracking his eyes open and shivering. “I should have just stayed home.”
“He wouldn’t blame you, Steve.”
"I wanna go as soon as possible," the omega said. "And I'd like to look over that will. And I want to catch up on history!"
"If you know your history well, you might recognize the name Captain Steve Rogers, or Captain America." Steve hooked a finger under the collar before kneeling before the omega.
Peggy shifted in her seat as she watched London pass by. She wanted to tell Howard about the baby, but maybe it was best he didn’t know. At least for the moment. Peggy would need to ask the doctors not to mention the baby when Howard was in the room. She at least hoped the baby was still okay, even after all the trauma Tony had been through.
When the plane finally took to the sky, Tony whined, stepping forward and clutching Steve’s dog tags tightly to his chest. A feeling of emptiness filled him as he watched the plane for as long as he could until it was just a speck in the sky.
“I look forward to seeing your art work every day when I come to work.” she smiled.
“...Fuck, Steve, if this Hydra omega rights thing is legit, you are totally biting my neck.” Tony breathed out, his eyes wide and his heart pounding in his chest.
"Oh, so you have hearing aids. I wondered what was on your ears." Steve smiled. "Must be helpful when you're playing with different weapons."
Steve watched as Tony left his room, leaving the blond by himself. He knew he had fucked up, but at least they had talked things through a little bit. He just had to wait, and he had to agree with Tony. Steve wished the war would be over soon, because having a family with the spunky omega he had fallen in love with sounded like the best thing in the world. Hell, just getting to propose to him and marry him sounded amazing, getting to mark Tony as his own and fill him up with his kids.
Steve raised an eyebrow with a smile. “Come on, tell me.”
Tony tried not to look bored in the store, but everything about it was just so
“Because you’re my son, Tony,” Howard replied. “I couldn’t just watch my son die after all you went through.”
on fire.”
“You don’t get to give me orders, son.”
Surely they’d be together again by the end of the day and could cuddle up together on a sofa and drink hot coffee together.
"I'm sure you could. Rolled your ankle, felt too uncomfortable around other alphas, had a bit too much to drink, all possible excuses."
“That’s… a lot of cameras,” he commented while getting ready to exit the car.
The agent was silenced as Phillips took a shot at him, killing him on the spot. He reloaded the gun with a smirk. “Let’s go find two more.”
“Tony?”
“That would be wonderful. The sooner the better for both Tony and the baby,” Maria said, moving over to her son and giving him a hug to calm him even more.
Tony nodded. “Okay, I just want these bandages off. They hurt.”
She gave him a look. “Tony, I know you. You’re always bursting to launch yourself into sharing that overwhelming passion you have for robotics and engineering. You’ll have a fresh set of ears to talk off once things get settled and the commission contract is drawn up. You most definitely will go into more detail than Mr. Rogers needs to create the mural, so it’s best to have him sign before you are set loose on him. Now, how about you start looking over his portfolio while I discuss business.”
?” Maria asked. She knew he’d been injured badly, but she had assumed that the fighting had gotten out of control and the enemy had pushed back past the lines to whatever base they had set up, and Tony was hurt then.
Whining, Tony turned his back to Steve and strapped on his arc reactor, feeling its energy flow through him and put up an invisible shield around him. Though his hands were covered with gloves, he still tapped on his ring to send Steve a quick “I love you” through the vibrations the ring sent. He felt a little better when he got an almost immediate response back, but as he was handed a rifle, Tony didn’t feel that much better. Maybe his father had been right. Maybe he should have stayed at home and just waited for Steve to get back home.
“Well, I programmed them to learn and develop, so the older they get, the more sentient they seem.” Tony said fondly.
“Oh yeah. It’s never ending, it seems.”
Steve sat back. “I’m not leaving you for another omega.”
Steve nodded with a sheepish smile. “So… that seems like something you’d be happy about… but you’re still sad.”
“You’re too much of a diva to let yourself go.” Clint said, pinching Tony’s arm and making him laugh.
“God, I love you too, Steve.” Tony smiled and laughed, the sound merry and light as it filled the room.
"I still want to try to celebrate this year. Even if we’re not back at home.” Tony pulled back and looked up at Steve. “We haven’t celebrated a Christmas together, and I really want to get you something.”
“I’ll be down shortly with the payment contract.” Miss Potts said as Tony lead the way out of the office and to the elevators so they could go to the lab.
Tony shook his head in awe. “I can’t believe we’re eating here.” He took Steve’s arm and let himself be led inside, marveling at the shining chandeliers and soft classical music playing. He barely heard any of the conversation Steve had with the man at the front desk about their reservation, then he felt like he was floating on clouds as they entered the dining area, Tony catching sight of several notable persons. There was a moment where he felt like he didn’t deserve to eat there among such high class alphas.
Steve sighed, feeling devastated. Tony… his omega had been left behind to live a life without him. And now he would live the rest of his life without Tony. The alpha let out a low whine.
The summer day that letter came was a joyous one for the omega. He went running through his home to find his mother and tell her of the news, and they celebrated by going out for ice cream and then swimming when they got back home. Tony went to bed happier than he had been in several weeks, and both Maria and Jarvis were happy to see that.
“Oh? Am I your hostage, then?”
“Oh my god…” Maria’s voice. Both his parents had come to check on him.
“You set James on fire last time he visited.”
“And you’re not promising this so I’ll take my collar off for you?”
“The pleasure’s all mine, handsome.  Sorry about the mess,” He gestured to all of himself, “I’ve been working on something new. It wasn’t playing nice. But hey, lucky you, getting to see the real Tony Stark the press forgets must actually exist because there’s no way I’m going to be productive in a suit and expecting to stay perfectly groomed. Very few people get to see me like this.”
“You’re impossible. You’re in big trouble when we get back home, boy.”
“Right, thanks, J!” Tony walked over to the desk that was shoved in a corner and buried under boxes that were labeled different MIT projects. He opened the drawer and grabbed a mechanical pencil, holding it up in victory. “Got it! Oh, and you can also use this.” He also grabbed the chair that sat at the desk, wheeling it over to Steve to hand both items over.
if she knew what would
The brunet smiled. "Even if you're told not to?"
Gently putting a hand on Tony's shoulder, Steve took the empty seat next to the omega, and solemn expression on his face.
Steve nodded. “I’m ready.”
“Good...I am tired of dancing for a bunch of stupid drunk alphas.”
Steve looked up at Peggy. “Did you know that?”
“I wouldn’t be caught dead treating you like they treated you. If I ever started acting like them, dump me immediately.”
“Yes, many of them did catch my eye, because I'm so invested in robotics,” the blond joked.
“You can’t leave me,” Tony whispered, closing his eyes and crying silently. “Not after you kissed me…”
Slowly the months went by as the seasons changed from Summer to Autumn, temperatures gradually getting cooler as the new season settled in. The ocean waters put off colder breezes, causing morning runners to bundle up on their daily jogs before shedding all that clothing to adjust to the days that were still rather warm. August turned to September, October, and November, the heat of the day finally relenting and setting to a more comfortable range for anyone who participated in outdoor activities.
“There’s someone here with me who needs to talk to you,” Peggy said, breaking the silence.
Tony’s heart raced in his chest. No, there was no way Steve was actually suggesting this. Not after being so nice with him while on tour, not with him literally asking to go on a date while they were in the parking lot. Steve was saying he wanted to leave Tony in the United States while he went over to entertain other alphas that needed a pick-me-up. Not that there was anything wrong with the performing, but Steve was
“I knew that was never the type of omega you wanted to be. Having Steve as your alpha so far seems like the best option for you, despite what you father may think.”
“Colonel Phillips couldn’t get me to leave you if he said the president urgently wanted to talk to me.”
“I had an appointment with Miss Potts,” Steve explained. “I’m the artist she contacted about a mural.”
Steve had his arms wrapped tightly around his omega, eyes shut just as tight as he smiled into Tony’s shoulder. He held the brunet up for several minutes, just hugging and scenting as needed, until Steve finally felt like Tony was thoroughly covered with his alpha scent again, and he allowed the omega to stand on his own feet once more. Only then did they finally share a kiss with each other, Tony pressing in close to Steve and sighing happily.
Feeling a little more calm, Tony nodded slowly. “I want Steve to know as soon as possible.”
“Your daddy was a hero, Little Bitsy. He saved a lot of people, including me…”
stuck to me."
Try as hard as she did, Peggy could not make all the alphas return to their tents. Several followed her and Tony all the way to the medical tent, where Peggy threw back the flap and helped Tony inside. Only then did the alphas stop when a nurse told them all to back off and that this omega did not need their help.
He frowned, confused as he glanced at his watch, “You told me ten thirty on the dot...it’s one-oh-seven…”
“No, I…” Tony paused and focused on breathing as a sharp pain rippled through his side. “I want to talk to him. You said I’m on suppressants, right?”
“Thanks,” the omega said, catching the bomb that Bucky was throwing up to them as Steve threw open the hatch and grabbed who was driving inside, tossing them out to the side.
Nodding, the blond alpha headed back to the lockers, where the Howling Commandos and Tony were suiting up and preparing weapons. Tony had been given a sort of privacy screen to keep the other alphas out but to also make him feel safe enough to dress in the same room as a bunch of alphas that weren’t his.
So I HAD PLANNED ON POSTING THIS ON FRIDAY But life got in the way and I completely forgot Friday was posting day, so here's this chapter a few days late. Every chapter after this should come out on Fridays. -BWP
“We’re getting out of here,” she replied with a sparkle in her eye. “And we’re getting dressed up to do it.”
Once Maria was gone, Peggy, came back around to the side of Tony’s bed. “I told the doctors that the bandages wouldn’t be helping, but they didn’t listen. Thankfully these nurses are willing to help you feel more comfortable. You’re also on a liquid suppressant, so your heat isn’t as bad as it could have been.”
Yet here he was.
The next morning, both Steve and Tony went to the local hospital to get the omega a prescription for suppression pills. The doctor made sure to note all the risks that came with the pills, but Tony wasn’t too concerned. Yeah, there was a slight risk of not being able to have kids in the future, but his mind wasn’t on having a family. He wanted to help end the war, and this was his way of doing so. He and Steve walked out of the hospital confidently, Tony with a slight skip in his step as he knew he was that much closer to being able to fight in the war.
"Tony, do you have any protection with you?"
“I do actually,” she said, turning to him with the same smirk. “I might even, when this is all over, go dancing.”
“I wouldn’t mind it being known that I’m a painter,” Steve said. “Could get more people to look me up.”
Peggy, bless her soul, brought food for Tony to eat, mainly smooth foods like applesauce and mashed potatoes, before he was allowed to talk to Steve. She was just prolonging things, Tony knew. She wanted Tony to rest up more than anything, but Tony was a stubborn omega, to say the very least, and he knew he could get his way with Peggy.
, Tony could feel himself getting wet just from the idea of being able to have that freedom. He never thought pillow talk that was so casual and not at all kinky could actually turn him on, but here he was.
Tony jumped when he felt one of Steve's hands gently grip the back of his neck, holding him down on the cot while the other hand brought Tony's hips up into the air, the perfect submission pose. Tony moaned into the pillow his face was resting on while Steve’s hands moved down his body and rested on his raised hips.
Eventually the voices calling out for him faded away, and Tony was able to crawl out of the closet. He suddenly had a longing for Steve’s scent, despite wanting nothing to do with it when he first arrived back at the base. He almost craved the alpha’s scent, wanted to be surrounded by it and be comforted by it. He wanted the pain to go away, and somehow he thought that Steve’s scent would make him physically feel better.
Steve threw on some more comfortable clothes over his costume just as the rain began to fall. Thankfully they were under cover when he found a place to sit and just draw. Tony had only learned recently that Steve could draw, and whenever the alpha had found time to do so, Tony would sit and watch. He could draw too, he needed to when he was designing new projects and such, but when Steve drew, it was graceful and almost poetic. Tony liked watching Steve draw far better than drawing himself.
"That's a great start to an idea for this mural," Steve said. "I'll start working on sketches as soon as I get home today."
Tony closed his eyes and sighed happily as they danced. Feeling Steve rest his head against his own felt so good beyond words, Tony was glad he couldn’t find the words to describe just how happy he was. Dancing was far better than sitting in a chair watching his father work well into the night on some weapon that might not ever make it’s way to the public’s knowledge. Dancing with Steve was magical almost, which only made the omega step closer.
“Yes.”
“Oh my god, Steve…” Tony was wailing as he clung to his alpha, finally being freed from the sickness he had suffered through for years. “You’re alive, I knew you were alive!”
Tony sat back in his chair and looked around the room, smiling. “You said everyone is jealous of me. Are they jealous because I’m with Captain America and they aren’t?”
“I have to say that’s fair,” Steve said with a shrug. “If I’m dating you now, I should know how to put you to bed.”
“Yeah, of course I am. I almost always have the urge to nest, even when a heat isn’t near.” Tony shrugged and looked at the bed and all the old nesting materials that probably needed a wash.     Though they had been washed after the last heat, they were already dirty from the two sleeping on them. It wasn’t like they were indestructible.
Clint didn’t respond, so it was clear his ears were not yet in, so Tony stumbled forward, tackling the other omega down onto one of the beds.
“Who’s the one who put that thing in the young man’s chest?” one doctor asked, and Howard raised his hand a little. “You did a good job for having no experience. You’ve saved him.”
“This is an upgrade I’ve been working on for hand prosthetics. It's still in its infancy and you can see how it kinda looks like those sketches you made. The next render won’t have all these lines at all, but this stage….it still has all the potential in the world. It has room to grow and develop into something great. There’s no restrictions of problems to work around yet. It’s simply possibilities, as all projects are in the beginning. And that is what I want to think of when I see the mural you’re going to paint! Endless possibilities for innovation, for the future. You could perfectly render my newest completed project in the painting, but that will soon be outdated. With this style,” Tony tapped Steve’s sketches, “it will always speak to the future while also honoring the past and present.”
“Are you ready?” Peggy asked, coming up behind Tony and putting a hand on his shoulder.
Standing up from his seat and walking over towards his father, Tony shoved the design papers into Howard's hands then grabbed a nearby pistol and shot at Steve. He didn't have the intent to kill, but shooting did make him feel better.
“They can’t really want Tony to fly all the way to London,” Maria said to Jarivs after Tony’s sobbing had faded to silent crying. “That’s so far for him to fly on his own.”
The two were hurrying to each other in the blink of an eye, Steve getting up so quickly the chair he had been sitting in tipped backwards. In seconds, Tony was in his arms and crying out loud, overwhelmed with emotions. Steve couldn’t help but bury his face in the omega’s neck, taking in his scent that was comforting in his time of need. Together the couple cried, mourning over Bucky and simply enjoying being back in each other’s presence.
Pulling away from his mother, Tony wiped his eyes and looked over at Jarvis. “Help me get packed, and then take me to the military base. My alpha needs me.”
“Okay, well you knew I started going on tour with Steve. Of course I started developing feelings for him, and him for me. Kinda knew that was coming. But after one of his last shows in the US, he told me he was going overseas to do some shows, pump up the troops, you know. I told him I wasn’t going to let him leave me behind, not after he took me on a date and kissed me in the rain.”
“Glad to hear it. I’ll be sure to do so where it’s appropriate to do so.” Tony smiled.
day better, Sir," Steve responded miserably as he was led to one of the vehicles and was instructed to get in.
“I know, which is why I’ve been getting ideas for a suit of my own,” Tony said hurriedly, as if he had a short amount of time to convince Steve to let him go. “I’ve been watching my dad build this sort of reactor, or the beginnings of one that can harness a power similar to yours. I thought about incorporating that to the suit to protect me…”
“That’s all I can ask for, my son. Eat as much as you can for now, and I’ll be back later in the day with more, okay?”
Tony pulled away quickly, eyes wide as he looked at who had greeted them. A wide smile came across his face. “Peggy!”
Cautiously, and also speaking calmly to her son, Maria pulled back the ruined sheets, blankets, and shirts, gasping at how red everything was. “Oh, my poor baby… It’s bad, Howard.”
Peggy nodded, then grabbed a box from her pocket, handing it to Steve. “This is your transponder. Activate it when you’re ready, and the signal will lead us straight to you.”
“Well you can go to bed and sleep it off after eating something light and drinking water.”
“Well, we have your favorite, and--” Maria paused, feeling over her son’s arms. “Have you been working out?”
Tony was so caught up in charging forward and looking ahead of him that he didn’t expect a hand to reach out and grab his neck as he ran past some barrels. He let out a choked scream as he was pulled back and lifted into the air, the hand around his neck tightening and closing off a bit of his airway. He flailed against who had snatched him up far too easily, and he knew the scent of the brute was that of an alpha, a starved one at that. The alpha’s grip was far too tight for Tony to break free from, and that scared him perhaps even more than those guns did.
Tony jumped, smacking himself on the boxes. “Jeez, Buck, you’re so quiet when you walk.”
Tony twirled around a pole, the spotlights of the stage catching the glitter on his bared skin, and then he gracefully placed himself back on the stage floor, stepping away from the pole to make some rounds close to the edge of the stage and give the drunken alphas a closer view of what they lusted for. However, out the corner of his eye he spotted his friend and fellow dancer making his way over to him from backstage, and he paused to meet the blond, hooking one leg over the other’s hip and pressing close as he slid his hands along his chest. Alphas loved omega on omega action, so it made for a good way to share information during a performance.
Tony nodded, “Noted.”
“Good morning, Tony,” Jarvis said, turning away from the bacon and eggs long enough to greet the young Stark. “I hope you are well rested after your heat.”
"It's alright," Steve said, smiling at Tony. "As long as he doesn't think he can force me away."
“Suspended animation. Slowing down the body’s functions just enough to keep a person alive but asleep. It’s possible that if Steve survived, that he’s in a similar state right now, probably due to the serum or the high metabolism he had, due to the serum.”
“I won’t question what happened, but help me clean up your mess so Peggy and Colonel Phillips won’t be upset when they come to check out what I’ve got for Rogers.”
“The omegas and beta women of America owe you their thanks,” a woman’s voice said as Tony got closer. “And seeing as they’re not here…”
Steve did so immediately and stood back.
“Well I can’t change that, Tony,” Howard spat back. “Our society doesn’t accept that. No one accepts that you want to be more than an omega. It’s a simple fact of life, boy. Omegas stay home, alphas go off to war. You shouldn’t have even come over to Europe in the first place! You would be safe at home with your mother right now, and I wouldn’t have to worry about you when you disappear for a fucking mission with no notice other than this letter you left me!”
Slipping his mask on, Tony fell into step beside the assault team he would be waiting with in the forest. He made himself forget everything but how to fight and the reason he was fighting; to end the war and go home. He listened to orders and plans given out by Colonel Phillips, finding Peggy and stepping closer to her, grabbing her hand and squeezing it. Tony smiled lightly behind his mask when she squeezed back, because he knew she felt him shaking.
“Hope you can manage to stay on Rainbow Road with me in your lap, because I’m not moving.” Tony said with a wiggle.
“Maybe I’ll invent that so you don’t worry so much about your little omega soldier.”
“I knew you’d like it. That’s why I picked it out for tonight.” Tony smiled and leaned against Steve, bumping their hips together. “You know you always look good when you’re in your uniform.”
“I was. I still am, but it’s harder to search now, since my search is no longer funded by the army. They got what they wanted and backed out before I had time to even get a say in the matter.”
Maria held up the keys to one of the Stark cars. “Feel like making a trip to the mall?”
,” to himself over and over while he struggled to breathe properly. This wasn’t what he had wanted to happen. Tony wanted the baby so badly, but he physically wasn’t able to take care of himself enough to save that precious baby. Tony had been helpless, and that fact alone was enough to get him crying as he suffered through the worst physical and emotional pain he had ever endured. This was like losing Steve a second time, a second time that Tony couldn’t help what outcome came of it.
“Trust me, they’re still willing to fight.”
The omega gasped out, moaning louder at the faster thrusts, “We’re a match, Steve.”
“It’s still hideous,” Tony said, moving to the side so Steve could run on stage and start his little dancing performance.
Tony tried to speak, but it broke with a sob. He tried again once he had some sort of control over his crying. “I… I’ll pack up and try to leave today…”
Tony’s body shook as he started to cry, and Maria soothed him with soft shushing sounds and kisses on his head. “I know it’s hard, sweetie. We need to focus on keeping you healthy now, okay? For Steve.”
Tony hummed and relaxed against Steve’s chest in the heated and scented water of the bath, “But us omegas only think about sex. How could we ever be trusted to make a good informed decission on important things like voting, or work any job that isn’t related to the sex industry if we’re not mated and at home raising babies?” he said sarcastically.
“Greasy cheeseburgers and root beer? Sign me the hell up.”
“I had normal food at lunch… it was all stuff I liked.” Tony sighed, exhausted and just wanting to sleep.
Maria and Howard both looked alarmed at what they thought their son was hinting at. Fearing the worst, Maria threw her arms around her son. “Honey, no… please, you are so loved still! I know Steve being gone is tough to live through, but you still have reason to live!”
He fumbles with his fly, finger slipping on the button and zipper a few times before he gets it. Every touch to his dick through his pants is sending shocks through his body. He finally gets his hand down his pants, pulling his cock free so his hand has room to move.
It's a lot, it's so fucking much and Tony loves it. He runs his tongue along the bottom before pulling back enough to focus some attention at the head. Steve shifts in his chair. Let's out a breath from deep inside,
“I can handle anything you got, Rogers. You don’t have anything I haven't seen before.” Tony stated cockily, the playboy billionaire swagger coming back in a moment of defiance. Steve smirked, saying nothing in response. Instead, Steve used one hand to take hold of Tony’s wrist, using the other to bring the brunette’s legs completely around his waist. Taking all of Tony’s weight easily, Steven moved them over to the nearby table. Dropping Tony on top, Steve leaned in close, nose brushing Tony’s, radiating an air of authority.
"Last chance..." And of course Steve would offer him another chance. Another opportunity to say this is too much and that they need to stop. Tony feels some tension he didn't know he was holding melt out of his frame. He can practically feel his eyes soften as he looks at the blonde. Fucking Captain America, the Ultimate Good Guy. His... Ultimate Good Guy.
"Such a pretty mouth Tony. Can tear down anyone with this mouth. Can talk circles around the best and the brightest. But you'd rather be right here wouldn't you? On your knees with my dick in your mouth, keeping you full."
He suffered from blue balls on a regular basis but didn’t push his luck. He knew when Steve was ready they would get to that step, slow and steady. Though, Tony couldn’t help but wonder what he would have to do to try and convince Steve to try new things.
“I’ll take that as a yes. I bet you love big hard cocks, Tony. Actually, I know you do. I’ve seen some of your tapes.” Steve chuckled as he said it, the sound reverberating through his chest making their shirts rub harshly across Tony’s nipples, causing him to cry out.
Tony gets it now, feels that sensation of being controlled start to settle over him like a blanket as he grabs his own forearms.
Steve finally let's go of his hair and lets Tony's head rest against his thigh. Tony's grabs at his calf, needing to ground himself. He feels floaty, but also like he was just wrung dry. He doesn't want to move, and only opens his eyes when he feels Steve's finger drag across the come on his face. His lids are heavy when he looks up and looks onto blue. Steve is starring, smiling, looking at Tony like he is the whole world in that moment.
“Now, I know you knew of my relationship with Peggy Tony… how it never really got to go anywhere given the war and then the ice… but did I tell you about the others?”
“You see Tony… I had a lot of time to figure out what I liked about sex. And because we were constantly moving, there wasn’t really a huge opportunity for sweet nothings. I found out, I was A-okay with that.” Steve smirked as Tony started to fall apart for him. He could feel Tony’s cock between their pants, pushing with every shift of Tony’s hips. Steve moved close to brunette's ear. Whispering his next words softly. “I want you… I want your mouth on me. Sucking me down your throat until you're not even sure you can take it. I want to open you up… lick into you, feel you tight around my fingers before I split you open on my cock. And I’m not small Tony,” Steve then added his own thrust to Tony’s rhythm. Rocking the smaller man up the wall while keeping his arms stationary. Let him feel the outline of his length as they pressed together tightly “But you won't mind will you?”
Steven leans back in the chair and moves to slide his briefs away. He wastes no time grabbing himself and giving a few slow, teasing, pumps.
“I can last for hours, Tony. Fucking you fast and hard, never slowing down, never stopping. You think you can keep up with that? I’m not so sure. What's the point of fucking if your partner passes out before you’re done?” Steve could see what his words did to Tony. The dilated pupils, making only a sliver of color show in Tony’s dark eyes. The sheen of sweat gathering at the brunette's temples, matching his panting like he had just run a mile.
Comments make my day, kudos are also nice :)
Tony lets go and smiles that billionaire smile he's spent year perfecting.
Tony finally grabs Steve's thumb with his teeth, and sucks it inside. Taking a deep hard sucks as he whines and meets Steve's eyes.
"Tony, touch yourself..." Steve breathes out, moans breaking up the command.
Tony let's out a light laugh, which sounds to loud with his mouth open like it is. He smiles as best he can and settles into his position on his knees. Fingers flexing their hold on his forearms.
He starts lightly, with the head and a few inches of the shaft, but Tony can feel him speeding up. Staying more in hos mouth than out. Keeping it deep as he forces more and more inside. Tony's getting dizzy with it.
Tony is so entranced the he is not prepared for the solid thwack of Steve's cock hitting his cheek. Tony blinks a few times and looks up to meet Steve's eyes. He can see the hunger in them, but also the humor, as another hit comes.
"Mhmmmm" Tony's responding moan is strong, vibrating through Steve and causing him to tense before pulling back, only to plunge back in. Tony gets lost in it. Doing his best to take it as Steve fucks his mouth, his throat, mind getting hazy. He loves this, loves sucking dick, and fuck he may love Steve.
"You love it so much don't you darling?" Steve's voice is deep, husky. It washes over Tony like a wave. Sending another whine through his throat and a pulse to his long forgotten cock.
He leans forward without even really thinking about it. Feels his lips part as he gets closer. The head is just at his lips, tongue ready to meet it as he takes it in, when Steve says his name.
“I know baby. I know what you want… but I’m not sure you can handle it.” Hearing that, Tony stopped. Indignation bringing a flush of self-righteous anger to his already red cheeks.
Before Tony can go for his briefs, Steve grabs his hands. Tony looks up in question, but Steve doesn't bother speaking. He just firmly takes Tony's wrist, not squeezing but definitely firm, and moves them to bend behind tony's back.
Fingers still in front of Tony's face, covered in Steve's come, Tony leans forward and sucks them into his mouth. Steve's taste thick and heady across his tongue. He can feel the growl Steve let's out at that, can see his softening cock twitch in interest.
“Oh no, I want you right here Tony, coherent, sober… desperate.” Steve moved forward, his thigh pushing between Tony’s legs. Tony gasped as his cock received the unexpected friction, eyes going wide as they looked into their blue counterparts.
They're already hitting the end of Tony ability, Steve's cock head smacking the back of his throat. It's not enough, he can't take it!
He doesn't even realize that he's closed his eyes until Steve pulls back, a whine escaping the brunette. He slowly opens his eyes to see Steve holding his cock from it's base. Can feel Steve's hand on his face and his thumb run across his bottom lip. Tony tries to suck it in and hears Steve's breath hitch...
He ends up leaning against Steve. Head pulled back just enough for Steve to come across his face with a deep long moan. He feels each stripe strip across his cheek. There's so much and he can feel Steve shudder through each shot.
He wants it so bad.
His hands slide up Steve's thighs to hook around his open jeans. Blue briefs with a hearty bulge peaking out through the open fly. Before he can pull them down, a hand is on the back of his neck. Pulling him forward, ever closer to the thick length that he can see being barley restrained. There's a dark patch growing near the head, and no one could hold it against Tony for leaning forward to lick it. He feels more than sees Steve take a breath as he tongues him through the fabric. Salty taste and smell starting to cloud his mind. Tony open his mouth to suck on the shaft, drenching the fabric as he goes. He wants it, he wants it now. Free of the fabric, in his mouth, down his throat.
“Tony,” he spoke softly, bringing the brunet’s attention to him. There was hardly any emotion in the soft brown eyes of the omega as Steve approached him, reaching a hand out to cup his face.
“Are you coming with us?”
“Ah yes, a real shame to lose another objectified omega. Our bodies are the only thing of value we bring to the world. Forget if we might also have a brilliant mind.” Tony huffed. “Won’t matter if I am killed, I’ll never be able to live the life I want, anyway. Either I open my legs for money, or I open my legs for one alpha’s rut so he or she can take care of me while running my family’s business.”
“Hopefully my shielding mechanism within the reactor works if I get shot at.”
“I’m sure it will be.” Tony smiled up at him.
“Okay, I’ll see if our doctor can do a house call then.” The woman smiled comfortingly at her son. “I’ll be right back after I make the call, okay?”
“I can’t do that, Tony, and you know why. If I let you work on any of my projects with me, I’d be out of a job quicker than a snap of the fingers.”
“You made this?” Steve looked dumbfounded as he looked over the ring. “I’m speechless, honestly.”
Maria smiled and pulled her son in for a hug. “I’m sure, Tony. All three of them are here. Come on, let’s find out where they are.”
"From what we've heard, Steve is far better than any of Tony's exes," Pepper spoke up.
Tony shivered a little, knowing exactly what type of gaze his mother was talking about. “Yeah, but we better not go too deep into that topic because I may need to kick you out.”
Tony just sighed, closing his eyes as the blond reached a hand down to run his fingers through dark hair.
“I’m sure our nest won’t dissuade him at all.”
“You won’t be alone,” Peggy said, watching the couple’s attitude turn from mourning to anger.
"Even though I knew I'd be with you this evening, it would have been impossible to clean my apartment before you arrived and make it look like I didn't live in filth. Besides, your place might be more comfortable for you anyways, having familiar things and all."
Speaking of Maria, Tony missed her dearly, though he really couldn’t go home to her. Howard was stationed in London for at least six more months before he would be given leave to return home for a short time. Steve would still be in Europe by the time Howard got his leave, which Tony didn’t like. Maybe he could make an excuse to stay with the alpha, but he doubted it would work. Howard really wanted to get his son home anyways, and the next leave he had, he was sure to take Tony by the ear and drag him back home to his mother. Not the most ideal situation, but at least Tony would get to see Maria again. It had been too long since he last saw her…
“Don’t you dare let anyone but me redesign your suit. It’ll look horrible otherwise.” Tony smirked as he took a drink of his coffee.
“I might take a look. The things you create blow me away every time I see them in action.” Howard smiled and pushed back the blankets to reveal the arc reactor. He tapped in a couple times. “This thing is beyond amazing, Tony. You’re beyond amazing, and I’m so proud to have you as my son… I’m sorry for every time I put you down in the past. I know I’ve not been the greatest father, but I promise to change that as best as I can. We can work on projects together as soon as you’re healed up, and as long as nothing is harmful to the baby, we can work on those projects until the pregnancy keeps you bedridden.”
“They’re 30 miles behind the lines, through some of the most heavily fortified territory in Europe,” Phillips interrupted. “We’d lose more men than we’d save, but I don’t expect you to understand that because you’re a chorus girl.”
Maria and Jarvis did everything they could at home for the boy, as did the doctor that was making frequent house calls while Howard was out there searching for the one thing a medical degree couldn’t fix.
Tony and Steve had dressed up quite nicely to attend the party, despite Tony opposing his mother’s nagging to attend. Truth be told, he really had just wanted to spend time with Steve alone in his room. Steve had dressed in his army service uniform, and he wasn’t the only one. There were some veterans attending the party, as well as other currently active servicemen who happened to be on leave along with Steve. Tony, who was practically clinging to Steve’s side, was dressed in a more flashy top that had a tail that ran nearly the whole length of his legs, along with a simple pair of tighter fitting slacks. To say that the alpha and omega couple stole the show was an understatement. Several of the guests, mainly the servicemen, wanted a chance to talk to Steve and playfully flirt with Tony. That, however, was quickly shut down by the omega as soon as one of the alphas winked at him and hinted at some very obscene things right in front of Steve.
go to bed before four in the morning, he would be roused by little hands shaking him awake the minute he closed his eyes. It was the nights that both of them had nightmares when things would go especially askew. If Peter having terrifying dreams wasn’t enough for him, his father having terrifying dreams surely shocked him, especially when the young boy would finally cry himself to sleep only to be woken by Tony’s loud cries.
It took a moment for the words to compute. Kitchen = first aid kit, kitchen = downstairs, Tony = injured, Steve = carry Tony downstairs.
Steve felt something in his chest wrench and he patted at his own pocket, though he knew that he didn’t have the medication that Tony’s body so demanded. All that he could offer was touch; he didn’t seem to think anything of it in the context of his hammering heart. “I don’t, Tony, I’m sorry.” A pitiful whimper escaped the man and Steve winced, rubbing his hands over Tonys forearms. “It’s okay, it’s okay- we’ll buy this stuff and get out of here.”
He tried pushing a button to another floor.
“What?” A look of utter and complete shock crossed Tony’s face.
Sensing Steve’s loss for words, Tony released another sigh. With a strangled, somewhat painful grunt, he pushed himself up onto his elbows and reached one hand down to the hem of his shirt. The scarred skin was overcast by the dark cover of the room, but the pale, risen marks were certainly visible. In the centre of the small scars lay that pale blue light.
“You know, I don’t just care because I have to.” Steve’s tone was firm, though Tony could sense a hesitant resistance in his words. “Does it… does it hurt?”
“You’re going to sleep?” Steve asked once more, tilting his head downward to shoot the other an expectant expression. Tony nodded again, blinking idly.
Steve’s lips, he noticed, were firmly pressed together, almost in an unconscious effort to keep his own mouth shut. After a moment, he straightened, rolling his shoulders and realizing inwardly that he still wore his sleep shirt with only a jacket overtop and some dirty jeans thrown on haphazardly. He hadn’t realized how much of a worried rush he’d been in. “Okay,” he settled for saying, allowing for his mid-back to rest against the back of the stiff chair.
Steve simply didn’t have the energy to wash the other up completely. He made the man rinse his mouth, then took him to bed with a trashcan beneath his right arm. The shaking didn’t stop. Steve feared that it would never stop.
“You can’t understand! How could you?” Tony’s face was red and angry as he turned back to face Steve, clearly struggling to remain in control. His body was aflame with betrayal- or was that just the drugs? Tony’s face had flushed, shivering and sniffling in a fit of what looked like sickness.
“What? Are we gonna play two truths and a lie? I may have the temperament of a ten year old girl, but I would much prefer something a bit more adult.” Tony answered smartly, oblivious as Steve continued to urge a confessional out of him. At such a point, the tension within Steve’s chest had become near unbearable, an aching. What would happen if he couldn’t do anything? What if Tony, the bright Tony who’d just accepted his coming out with far more grace than anyone ever expected of him would end up in the hospital once again- and for far worse than a car crash?
“Okay, uh,” Steve began, chewing on his lip as he looked over the floor again. Tony’s sock feet were surrounded by the sharp edges, the man trembling so much that Steve could visibly see it. Suddenly afraid that Tony would lose balance or worse, he fixed both his hands over Tony’s shoulders. “Here, let me lift you.”
“Y’know those pills the doc gave us? I need you to get ‘em.”
Steve managed to ignore the crude cussing. “Guess so.”
“Tony,” Steve murmured gently, a broken expression in his sleepy eyes. It was far too late into the night for him to be awake. “Tony, c’mon, get up,” he urged, looking down on the mess of brunette hair which was now wild and matted from being pulled at. No response came. With a resigned sigh, Steve seemed to surrender his intentions and sunk down next to his lover. It took him a while to convince his old bones to kneel on the hard ground, finally settling himself there and turning his head to face Tony despite that the other wouldn’t meet his gaze and instead remained far-off. “Tony… I told you that you shouldn’t have decreased the dose of your meds.”
From then on, he never dared come to his father crying again.
Where had all of this come from? Peter had never had nightmares before. Tony felt his heart thudding against the arc reactor, an ache beginning to burn inside his chest. There wasn’t enough air. The cries were getting louder with every step he took away from his family, instinctively pacing toward the door. He had to leave, had to get out before he rubbed off even more on their son.
if they were true. Of course, within the blaring red lines and capital letters remained some bullseyes that hit far too close to the chest. Steve only prayed that they’d missed the mark on Tony this time.
He would have simply asked Jarvis where Tony was instead of going up to the penthouse, then down to the kitchen, then to the main lobby floor, then down to the workshop finally, but he had decided that he had done enough talking to the omniscient voice for the day. Maybe Tony could grow used to a set of all-seeing eyes on the back of his neck but Steve balked at the idea. He couldn’t trust something like that, something made by an impulsive and disordered maker. Tony may have been a genius, but he was a manic genius; he was dangerous.
“Tony, it’s really not that bad,” Steve argued, feeling his chest twist with anger. Tony had kept him on lockdown for two days now and Steve itched to do anything,
“It hurts, I know, just-“ he sucked in a sharp breath. “I’m gonna stitch it, okay?”
“How can you even know those things?” Steve asked out loud, a technology-induced headache pounding just behind his eyebrows. He pressed two fingers to the bridge of his nose.
“It’s not.” Steve murmured. This time, it sounded more like a promise.
Tony’s eyes opened slowly, an expression of shame clouding his face. He sniffed, clasping Peter’s hands in his own. “Hey, sweetheart.” He mumbled lowly, forcing a thin smile.
“You know that you have to let me help you- that is, if y-you’re still gonna help me- which will be here and not in any shitty rehab centre.” Tony warned. His body had finally begun to still, matching his breaths with Steve’s; he breathed out as Tony breathed in so that their torsos barely raised apart. “You’ve admitted your weaknesses and now I can push all of your buttons.”
Then, with just a jerk of his wrist, he broke the lock.
“You are.”
“It would probably do you well if you’re cold,” Steve pointed, but Tony still shook his head.
“That sounds a lot like pity.”
“How can you even say that? You don’t even know me.” It seemed like words that should be screamed, words that should be aimed at him like a repulser. They were quiet- and it was worse.
Beneath him, his imaginary lover continued to rub his sensitive skin, a sly and knowing grin that fit his face all too well stretched over his lips.
“I want-“ Steve broke off, his mouth clamping shut instinctively. It seemed like the thoughts on his tongue could change it- they could break so many things. But, oh, he could fix so many things too. A shaky exhale and Steve allowed the pad of his thumb to rub soothingly over Tony’s hand. “I-I want to.”
“I can’t believe it! I didn’t think I could be the only queer in our posse,” Tony wondered aloud, tapping his chin with a single thoughtful finger. “Never,
“Rogers, I-I swear to God, I’m trying so hard to h-hold it together right now and if you fuck that up-“ Tony’s voice was shrill, quivering. The defence was back up- but Steve knew that the foundation was slowly diminishing.
Song for this chapter:
Steve blinked. Swallowed. “Yes.”
“Hot stuff, seriously, my head is about to explode out of my ears-“
Once he had stepped through the automatic doors and past the security, he allowed for a breath of relief. A wave of sharp rubbing alcohol and cleaner slapped him across the cheek and immediately, he was reminded of his mother. He fought the wave of nausea that came over him in that moment and forced his steps to continue in the direction that a nurse pointed him in. She was saying something- at least, her lips were moving. Steve couldn’t comprehend anything else.
“Mm, but do you like getting rough or are you one of those ‘gentle lover’ types? You like the dirty talk, or the soft praises? I need to know if I should get into an innocent omega act or if I should play up my kinky knot-hungry side.”
Both Steve and Tony looked up at the colonel, eyes wide. It was such a short amount of time to get things done, it almost seemed impossible.
, he told himself.
Tony looked over at Rhodey, “Is this guy real? Am I dreaming? Pinch me, Platypus!”
“Fuck it,” Tony muttered before he climbed on top of the alpha and straddled him. Another moan escaped when he felt Steve’s cock brush against his thigh. “Oh god… alpha…”
There was a tense silence that filled the air. Howard sighed and put his hands on his hips, looking at his son with a sort of apologetic scowl. Tony crossed his arms over his chest and stared at his father, the moment becoming more tense as the seconds ticked by. It was Howard, to Tony’s dislike, that broke the silence.
When he got to the staircase, there were several people gathered around talking already. Maria was busy making rounds and greeting everyone, thanking them for coming, a glass of champagne in her hands. Tony smiled, seeing his mother look happy and actually enjoying the party. His eyes roamed about as he noticed he was catching most everyone’s attention. He didn’t much care for the many pairs of eyes taking him in, as he was more concerned about where Steve was. Tony finally spotted him right as the blond looked up the stairs at him. A genuine smile graced Tony’s lips as he started to descend the stairs, Steve moving toward him with a dazed look on his face.
“It is as you said, sir.” a refined voice with a British accent responded from the speakers overhead.
A few days passed of Maria taking care of Tony, and he seemed to get a little better. His back pain remained, but his cramping did eventually go away, much to his relief. Having being taken care of properly and cleaning up when he could put him in a better mood, especially after allowing his mother to take care of him. Trying to take care of himself like he used to had proven to be not a good idea, Maria decided.
Being curled up helped none, so Tony sat up and groaned louder, then he cried out at a sharper pain. He started hyperventilating as the pain only seemed to grow worse, and a wetness seemed to build up around his waist. There was no way this could have been one of those heats omegas could experience after losing their alpha early in life, or even just a random heat during pregnancy. Nothing related to heats could really hurt that bad, not as bad as Tony hurt. He thought he was done with pain, he thought he was doing good, but of course how cold he see just how bad a condition he was in when he was constantly bombarded by his fear and anxiety? How could he see what he was doing to his own body?
“Yeah, I know that. Basic knowledge every omega has to learn to accommodate for their alpha…”
Steve sighed and looked back at Tony. "Can we talk, Tony? In private?"
Steve smiled back as she walked away, his blue eyes then settling on Tony looking rather bored in his chair. “You look thrilled to be here.”
"I guess I'll have to live with that then. Not that it would be such a bad thing."
Tony's eyes widened. Was he really thinking about that? Thinking of being bonded to Steve?
“Colonel,” Peggy greeted. “We have the map marked with locations of the other factories.”
“Only on our days off that isn’t taken up by heats.” Clint shrugged.
Steve headed to the back of the plane, where a motorcycle was strapped down and ready to ride as soon as Steve deemed it necessary. Tony wanted to follow  his alpha, and for a few moments he did follow Steve to the back, but one of the commandos settled their hand on Tony’s shoulder, telling him that Steve would be alright. It pained the omega to follow the commandos while glancing back at Steve, wondering if that would be the last time they’d see each other… Surely not.
"Bucky's always been an alpha, but Hydra saved us both after too long being frozen. Unfortunately Bucky didn't make it out with both his arms."
"Never said I expected you to believe it, but I could damn well show you. Getting that serum injected into my body turned me into the alpha I am." Steve spread Tony's legs open and settled between them, licking up the exposed skin up to the collar around Tony's neck.
“A slice of plain toast, that’s all.” she sighed, shifting things out of the way so she could sit on the corner of the desk, “There’s something you need to know about Tony. I had planned to let him tell you himself, but it looks like that isn’t going to happen any time soon.”
“A pleasure to make your acquaintance, Mr. Rogers.” JARVIS responded.
Tony wrapped his arms around Steve’s shoulders with a gentle sigh, mewling out little noises with each small thrust the alpha made. It was by no means at the level of intensity they had experienced during Tony’s last heat, but it was at the right level. It was love making in its true form, and it was blissful and wonderful and all the things Tony could come up with in his mind that was quickly being taken over by the mere presence of his alpha. He wasn’t going to have clear thoughts until well after Steve was finished.
"That's why I wanted you to stay home, dear…" Maria sighed, her hand resting on Tony's chest.
Steve looked at the ground as the announcer on the radio got excited. He knew the next play like it was the back of his hand.
“He’ll be back,” she said. “He needs to get those tags back from you if he plans on becoming an actual soldier.”
Once Tony was cleaned up, Steve cleaned himself and leaned down to kiss the omega’s cheek. “How are you feeling?”
“You don’t need to think about that,” Tony said. “Focus on me, on us… that’s all that matters right now.”
to leave him behind. Their relationship had been building up to this disappointing moment where Steve was going to dump him at the airport before he left for Italy, and Tony couldn’t help but feel like he was suddenly going to pass out.
“I’d believe a photograph if you alpha have one.” Clint shrugged.
“That would have sucked,” Tony agreed.
“I’d be happy if you were happy to encourage Tony into a healthier lifestyle. He forgets to eat and sleep like a functioning human being.” Pepper said.
“Make what possible?” Howard asked.
“What the hell is going on out there?” The Colonel brushed past Peggy, exiting the tent while the agent was left to stare into space for a bit before also leaving the tent.
Tony stood up from Steve’s lap and wiped his eyes, wiping his hands on his pants. “Well they wouldn’t be alive at this point, so I’m guessing this is info on where they’re buried.”
Howard blinked, then he sat back rather roughly in his chair. “Oh my god… Are you serious? You’re serious… How long has he been pregnant? He doesn’t look like he could be more than a month or so along.”
Howard sighed as he crossed his arms. “If you had stayed home like we told you to, you wouldn’t be worrying about bandages around your chest. Besides, the doctors put those on, so they should be helping you.”
It didn’t take much longer for Tony to be grasping at the blankets and pillows, limbs spazzing about as his mind went fuzzy, his belly and groin heating up until he was shouting with his orgasm, his whole body shaking while at the mercy of the blond alpha still fucking him with what felt like his whole might. Tony tried to look back at Steve, because he knew those sharp blue eyes were staring at him, so focused on him with only one thought running through his mind because that was just how alphas got when they were close to their own orgasm.
Tony shuddered. “Please come back alive,” he whispered, hugging the alpha as tight as he could.
It pained Tony to see his alpha in such distress. Though his stomach churned with a mix of anxiousness and morning sickness, he wanted to be the strong rock that Steve could depend on in rough times, in times where it seemed too hard to keep on living, times where the whole world came crashing down in mere minutes. Tony hated seeing Steve this way, but he had to stay strong for his alpha.
“They need you back in London right away, Captain. No exceptions.”
"I know all of this is sudden, but you have a place here," Fury reassured Steve. "You'll belong with us soon enough. Just hang in there."
Sighing, Tony smiled back. “You’re a pain. I hope you’re not like this when we go back to London, because we’d never get things done.”
Bucky raised an eyebrow. “Well if that’s what you’re into, I can sure as hell make you my hostage for a couple hours or so.” There was a smirk on his face.
“Yeah, it can be a bit overwhelming to someone new to this type of thing. That’s why I told you to just stick close and smile while I get us through as fast as possible. Ready?”
Around mid November, a letter from Bucky came, announcing that he would be heading back to London to help lead the Howling Commandos on a few smaller missions. He regretted to inform Steve and Tony that he wasn’t going to travel to California to spend the holidays with them, as much as they had all looked forward to it. The couple mourned the loss of time spent with their friend, but they understood that something like this was bound to happen.
Steve looked at Fury with a renewed interest, though his heart still ached for his lover. "Fiancé, actually."
Tony shrugged as he hung the top back on the rack. “I’m… not sure what I like. I have a suit that the jacket flares out a bit, but that’s really the only thing I have that remotely looks omegan.”
Steve didn’t get a chance to respond as their food and drinks arrived. He thanked the waitress and looked back at Tony before grabbing his food and starting to eat. Better to not say anything and make things worse. He sighed after taking a few bites, noticing Tony hadn’t even touched one cheeseburger yet. The alpha swallowed the bite he had in his mouth. No, he wasn’t going to say anything. He wasn’t going to do anything at all. He would keep eating and let Tony do what he wanted in his own time.
“Not at all.” she smiled and gestured for him to follow her, “I treated myself to a nice lunch out.”
Steve smiled at Tony, then looked at Thor again. “I don’t usually run into jerk alphas. Most take a look at me an decide to not mess with me, especially if I wear one of my old army shirts.”
“What was is that Abraham had said before he died? The world could use more little guys in the fight?”
Steve rolled his eyes. “If you say so. But I think it’ll be
Howard moved too fast for Tony to keep up. It was seconds before they ended up in the bathroom, Tony trying desperately to get his pills back. Howard shoved him away roughly, making him fall to the floor, and then Tony watched in horror as the pills went down the drain of the sink, his father washing them down quickly. Just like that, the brief bit of freedom he had experienced had been taken from him. He felt like his legs were going to collapse underneath him if he tried to stand up.
at him in warning. “This is absolute bullshit, you know? Omegas aren’t built to fight in wars!”
“Sappy alpha.” Tony chuckled, resting his cheek on Steve’s shoulder as they danced.
“It’ll never be the same…” Steve sighed as he stripped down to just his underwear, grabbing the pants of his uniform.
“To prove my point. Now sit down and rest until we’re ready to move to the extraction point, okay?”
“Tony, you come back here right now!” Howard started following his son, but he was abruptly stopped by Steve, who actually
Maria was in the parlor when her son walked in with a couple large sandwiches on a plate and a glass of water. She smiled but tilted her head. “Hi there. Feeling better already?”
“God, promise?”
“Yeah well, don’t ever do that again.” Steve also chuckled as he pulled Tony into a hug, which ended short when Tony sucked in a pained breath.
“Some of the guys I rescued from that first factory. I planned on going to ask them tonight at the bar.”
“I can. If I get those pills, I know I can.”
The door closed on him, and then Tony was plunged into a cold darkness that he wouldn’t wake up from in a very long time.
“You got it,” Steve replied, his voice even and collected.
“No.” Tony sighed. “We had a fight back in December. I caught him kissing a beta bombshell, but we made up. I just got angry enough at him to slam the frame down on my dresser back in London and I cracked the glass.”
“Tony! Schmidt’s dead.”
Tony felt like something wasn’t right, but he picked up the phone and sat down next to it, feeling a sense of dread rising as both Jarvis and Maria put hands on his shoulders. He swallowed and spoke. “Hello?”
“Yeah, looks like it.”
Fury rounded a corner that led to a set of metal doors. He went through them while gesturing for Steve to follow. Behind the doors was what looked like a full medical center ready to take patients., which he hadn't seen in so long. Most medical centers and hospitals he remembered seeing were filled to the brim with wounded soldiers, and normal patients had to either make house calls or go somewhere else to get treatment. Now it looked like doctors could attend to multiple patients at a time without worrying too much about the patients being stable under a nurse's care.
Steve nodded. “My new job could possibly get me to London eventually, so I’m willing to do it. I’ll get over seas, just not as fast as Peggy will.”
“Well, you have control now, and I think that’s what really matters.”
“I’ll autograph your biceps if you want because wow.”
“I think we’ll be fine if we follow the plan. We haven’t lost one of the commandos yet to these battles, so don’t be the first.”
Maria pulled Tony in for a hug, sighing and closing her eyes. “I know being away from him is tough, but you do get to see him again. Either you’ll go to meet him again or he’ll come back here.”
“You look hurt,” Steve said as he looked over Tony when he pulled back. “Are you sure you can keep fighting?”
“Plane’s ready,” he said, annoyance still in his voice. “If you’re ready, Rogers, get in.”
“I’ve always just wanted nothing more than to be free to let myself be smart. If I can be myself like that, then I’ll be happy.”
As soon as Steve started thrusting into Tony, the omega was a moaning mess that could barely keep his hips up in the air. His stomach churned with excitement at the feeling of how deep the alpha was already reaching. It was so deep that tony was seeing stars with every thrust back inside of him. The intensity of each thrust was enough to make Tony’s eyes water more. He was loving taking Steve’s cock as far as the alpha wanted, and Tony was pretty sure this was the best he had ever felt in his entire life. There wasn’t a single moment that was better than sharing a heat with his alpha in rut.
“You were drinking before I got out here,” Tony said as he hauled himself up with the help of the butler. “But you can get away with that excuse this time. I think I drank too much too fast anyways.”
“Don’t move too much.”
Steve laughed. "A big stick. They won't mess with us if they see I have a big stick."
Steve chuckled. “It’s okay, I get a lot of comments similar to that. Being an army veteran and continuing to work out has that effect on people for some reason.”
Pulling Tony closer, Steve put his hands on either side of the omega’s head, and Tony wrapped his legs around Steve’s waist. Barely any of the omega’s body was still on the bed, and Steve loved it. He loved how close Tony felt, how the little enjoyable noises seemed to just keep coming, no matter what Steve did. It was a tender moment, and Steve couldn’t help but kiss Tony on the lips lovingly.
Tony blinked. "Well I can't say I'm disappointed, to be honest. I just learned I have a designated driver every time I drink now."
“Tony!” Clint gasped before stretching to grab the box that held his hearing aids. Quickly, he put them in and turned them on, “What?”
Flushing, Tony shook his head. “No… I had more than one. Hated being around all those soldiers and agents who were alphas.”
“You’re hardly involved. You’re simply the omega that stays by Captain America’s side. You’re like those bombshell omegas they paint on the sides of planes and on Coke ads, you’re not really doing anything but making the soldiers happy when they look at you.”
"I guess as long as no one got hurt. Though I'm sure the fire alarms went off," Steve mused.
“He roped me into funding the food and beverages, so he only invited me for the games. So how do you know  Rhodey?” Tony asked, slipping out from behind the entertainment center.
Steve gladly took Tony’s hand and smiled as he shook it. “It’s a pleasure to meet you, Tony.”
Howard lifted his head to look at Peggy as she gathered her things together. That was his cue to leave as well, go back to his apartment and get something to eat before heading off to bed. He never wanted to leave Tony’s side. He always found it hard, especially since his son was on the edge of life and death. It was so very hard for him to lean down and kiss Tony’s forehead and ruffle the dark curls once more while Tony couldn’t object to it. Maybe that was what made it hard for Howard. The fact that Tony couldn’t fight back, couldn’t yell at him for being such a good father all of a sudden, that broke Howard’s heart every time he kissed his son’s forehead.
Tony shook his head. No, no one would actually know who Captain America's omega was. Tony didn’t need to think of Steve, anyways. He’d only make himself upset, and the day was about mother and son. There was no need to think of Steve other than for deciding if the alpha would approve of the outfits purchased.
"I'm not drunk," Steve protested. "Just came here to get away." He stepped inside and started unbuttoning his shirt, turning to watch Tony closer the door to the room.
“Oh, Tony…” The alpha only held Tony tighter rubbing as much of his scent on the omega as possible. “You’re so special, and you deserve to know that. Whatever your dad says about you, it’s not true.”
“Time travel may not be possible… but I’ve been working on some calculations, and… well, all I’d really need is the materials to make this possible.”
Searching for the alpha proved to be difficult. Wherever Steve was, he didn’t want to be found. They searched in the bar that held good memories with the Howling Commandos and other friends, they searched in shops and other bars, they searched almost anywhere they could think of. The last place they looked was in destroyed homes, torn down from attacks and fires caused by the war. Tony searched one part of the street while Peggy searched another. Their places of finding Steve were narrowing down, and Tony was steadily getting more and more upset. He even tried calling out for Steve, but he never got a response. Even attempting to tap on his ring and get a response proved to be useless. Steve wanted to be alone, or at least Tony was sure Steve
