So much pain. So much. Words couldn't even begin to describe the amounts of suffering that Dean was going through. Painful didn't even begin to describe it. There were just no words.
Then there was the matter of The Empty. Whilst stuck in his fitful slumber, Castiel had felt it. It was oh so faint at first, but as time passed, the feeling grew. It was a feeling of pain and terror. It enshrouded Castiel's mind and it became so prominent that sometimes he forgot about his own dreams. He had no idea where it had come from, but as that pulling grew, he felt that he knew.
Dean gasped as he and Cas ran through the rift, back into Dean's bedroom. After realizing that they were alone, and ALIVE at that, Dean started laughing and wheezing and crying. Cas looked around confused, trying ot make sense of the situation at hand. He opened his mouth to say something to Dean about being back on Earth, but his words were mushed as Dean pulled him into the biggest hug of his life and he felt the warmness of Dean's lips on his own. Castiel tried to pull away, but Dean held on closer and Cas slowly processed what was happening until it clicked. When it did, he smiled against Dean's lips and wrapped his own arms around Dean, pulling themselves closer.
The three of them materialized in Sam's old room as the blazing inferno engulfed the interior and held Mary up to the ceiling as she was set alight by the cruel yellow-eyed demon, Azazel. Upon their arrival, Sam looked up to the ceiling, horrified. Castiel and Jack shared the same reaction. He held up his arms and flinched as the fire grew and ate everything in its path. Their trance was interrupted when they heard the stomping of John Winchester's feet as he arrived and was forced to witness the horrific scene before his eyes.
Well, that was if they could bring Dean back. At that hopeless moment, it seemed like an impossibility.
"You know I love you Dean. And while I don't know if you love me back... I still know that I will never stop loving you. You're beautiful. Everything about you is beautiful and I will do anything to preserve that beauty."
Laughter was common in these times. The Bunker had never seemed so full of life. Well, full of life as it could be with the issue of a nearly dead brother being possessed by an angel. Of course everyone still had the pressing issue of Dean's dormancy locked in their heads, but worrying wouldn't do any good. The best thing they could do at the time would be to remain positive and hope for the best. Besides, it was Dean. He would pull through.
He didn't know how this would affect him on the outside. When he would be reunited with Sam and... James.
"I'm feelin' peachy Sam. Just peachy. Feels like I woke up from a coma, not like that's new to us." He confidently said.
It's hard to remember that Cas is in Dean's body like,,,,,, how??? ? ? Why did I make this so confusing? Lmao I'm so sorry
"No. His body has been like this for so long that I... I fear he may go into shock or his heart may completely stop working. I've heard stories of people being forced awake after traumatic situations and immediately dying after. We can't let that happen. We have to do this very slowly. And I hate to prolong his agony, but... We just can't."
Like that one night when he had left Dean alone in that hotel room after they had a huge falling out. He had gone on a walk to blow off some steam, and that relatively worked. He decided to go back and focus on their fight later, at that moment they had to focus on their survival. Not-dying first, arguments later.
Dean slowly roused and started moving his arms. Castiel's attention snapped back to him as well as Jack and Sam's. They all waited with bated breath as they awaited Dean's awakening and assess his mental state. Would he still be emotionally unstable? Or revert back to his animalistic nature? They felt as if they would explode with anticipation. It didn't help that Dean was taking his damn sweet ass time waking up.
"You stupid feathery angel. You don't get the right to confess your love to me then just die." Dean joked after they pulled apart, but their foreheads still locked together, eyes staring into each others souls. Castiel just laughed and brought Dean's face down again, bringing him into another kiss.
He felt the crunching of teeth as bones were exposed and broken in his own body his bones were being exposed like a Christmas present
No. He wouldn't let that happen. He could never show this side of him to anyone. If he ever felt this way again, he would just have to hide it.
When he finished relishing the new feeling, a strange thought wormed its way into his head. Why could he enjoy food now? He normally couldn't in his normal vessel, so what was so different about now?
This chap isn't that accurate according to 15x20 but that's not what I was aiming for at all. I just took inspiration from the barn vamps and that's it. I couldn't bring myself to watch the episode again and look for accuracies. As far as I know, 15x20 doesn't exist and SPN ended on a cliffhanger. ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
"So what's the deal Sam?" Dean questioned. "I feel fine now so what was with that little speal two days ago?" Sam put his fork down and fiddled with his napkin. He avoided eye contact with Dean and cleared his throat, much to Dean's extended exasperation.
And so The Shadow had to go to each and every single individial angel and demon and put them to sleep. The combined numbers of the two ranged in the billions and more, so it was a daunting task even for an ancient cosmic entity such as The Shadow.
So this is what humanity lived for. Huh. Well, to be honest, he could get used to this. It was infinitely better than his time with April. He felt safe and secure, sandwiched between two guys who wanted him for him.
Dean and Cas listened to the familiar clomps of feet as they left the room and headed up the stairs. Castiel sighed. He couldn't bring himself to participate in their argument. His input aligned with Sam's, so that would have ticked Dean off even more. He and Dean made eye contact for a slight moment before Dean managed to bring himself to speak again.
Surprisingly, the taste of molecules was still there, but they were considerably less noticable. In fact, if he ignored them, he could mask the taste and cover it up with the blissful taste of hamburger. And it was delicious. It tasted better than anything he had ever eaten before, perhaps even PB & J.
Castiel continued to stare at Dean. It didn't take much thought for him to say no with a stern tone.
Dean groaned. He had probably done something to piss the angel off, which was very like him, but it was so infuriating that he had no idea what. He didn't think that he had done anything wrong, but then again, his memories were a fuzzy blur and an immense blank space in his mind. He couldn't make anything out no matter how much he prodded himself. The answers he was seeking were within Castiel, Sam, and probably Jack, but they wouldn't give anything up. It was as if they thought he was angry at them. He wasn't, but godammit as time passed and he received more questions than answers he did feel a tad bit angry. Why wouldn't anyone tell him anything?
But because of his own fear, Jack was now basically powerless. Sure, he was far stronger than most angels and definitely stronger than monsters, but he still had a lot of trouble doing things he normally could. He had trouble healing Sam and Eileen when they went on hunts together. He could barely smite anything. It was almost like his grace was gone. It certainly wasn't though. His grace and power was fully intact, but all of it was stuck behind a wall, thick and immovable. His own willpower kept it there. The fear was just too great.
"Wow Cas. What's up with all this?" Sam asked, although somewhat nervously. Maybe something had possessed their angelic friend that caused his cooking skills to skyrocket to a level equal to Mrs. Butters.
Jack's eyes strayed from Castiel to the impressive stack of patties on the countertop. The hamburgers on the plate were beautifully shaped, perfectly round and equal in size. Jack was slightly surprised by this, expecting Castiel to have a little less experience than Dean. After all, he had seen the different between Dean and Cas' burgers with his own eyes. Apparently Castiel had done some practicing on his own.
When he appeared in the memory, he arrived just in time to witness his self from 8 months ago telling Dean his true feelings. He wasn't a failure. He wasn't a killer. He deserved a life where he could be happy. Castiel's mouth slightly curled up as he remembered this. It truly was his moment of true happiness, telling Dean that he loved him. Perhaps it was the only pure happiness he had felt. Well, that wasn't true. Whenever he spent time with Dean was when he was at his happiness. Everytime he made eye contact with the hunter, or hugged him, or even sacrificed his own life, he was happy. He was needed. That was all it took to make him content.
"Then I would be more than happy to oblige. But for the moment, he's content with just resting. He was hiding his mental exhaustion. Not very well I might add, but he was still doing so nonetheless. He needed a break to gather himself, and so I offered to take his place while he did so. That leaves us here. I don't know how long exactly, but I can guess it will be a while."
They stared and waited anxiously at Dean's unmoving body. They had been thrust out so abruptly that they had no idea if they had succeeded in bringing Dean's soul back up. Castiel cursed as he gained his bearings and remembered what had happened. He should have stayed, he should have comforted Dean, he should have-
NSFW WARNING: This chap has some smutty moments, but they don't lead anywhere. It's just horny Dean on main
With everyone safely secured in the Impala and their morale raised a great ton, the four disgruntled hunters headed out on their first case. Well, even if it was a case. If it wasn't, at least they would've gotten out of the building for a while and had an outing.
The love of his life was gone. The angel. His angel. The angel that had just told him that he was loved. The angel that he had loved since that fateful day in the barn, even if he tried to deny it.
He just didn't realize how strange his life would become while his best friend walked around in his brother's body.
Sam and Jack's footsteps were now gone, and the grim reality had set in for Dean. He had done something yet again to piss his brother off and look. It had gotten them nowhere except an angry Sam storming off, leaving Dean alone and in the dark.
Regardless, Castiel felt as though his decision had been right. If he had a chance, he would certainly sacrifice his life again for his love. He would do it again in a heartbeat. He hoped that Dean was living life to its fullest now and that his sacrifice wasn't for naught. He laughed at the thought of Dean dying like two days after defeating God. It would totally happen, knowing that dumbass. Castiel laughed in his mind and continued to think of the happy times he Sam, and Dean and shared. It was the only thing he could do that made him happy.
"Can you at least let me out of these stupid things?" He asked as he tugged on the arm and leg slings that restrained him. Sam and Castiel hurridly agreed and set to work untying the tight knots that bound his appendages. Dean never noticed Castiel as he was too focused on blinking the sand out of his eyes and focusing his minimal energy on that beer Jack was bringing. When they finished, Dean gingerly rubbed his wrists, seemingly unknown to the fact that his arms had long gashes on them. Sam nervously cleared his throat.
But he couldn't let them see that. It would crush them as it crushed him. They didn't deserve that. They deserved to be able to not worry about him for a while.
They did and immediately ducked as a dark shadow swooped over the heads with a loud shriek. It joined with the million other shadows flying around, like phantoms in the night sky. They were circling around a giant black cloud that was billowing like the black smoke of a demon. Its sheer mass and volume was enough to nearly cover the three hunters as they stared in terror.
"What do you know about suffering Sam? Huh? What do you know about living every day in pain and terror, not knowing if it will ever end?"
And so he did the only thing he knew how to do. He locked it away. It didn't go down without a fight, but he somehow managed to rope it in as it screamed.
"Whoa Cas, chill bud. I'm just giving you a hard time." He sighed deeply. "I guess that if you really want to go, then you can. But please take care of yourself and Dean. The last thing we need is the two of you somehow injured."
It really wasn't. From the shadows of the barn, five masked vampires emerged, led by a female. The five behind her were buff-looking, but in the end, they would all be killed the same way. But before Sam could pull the trigger of his pistol, the female introduced herself as Jenny.
"So basically Dean is like... Hibernating? And you're in the driver's seat?" He asked with some degree of alarm.
"I... I don't really know where to start Cas. There's just been so much going on that I just don't even know what
of the bottle cap as it came off. The cool and familiar rush of beer down his throat was invigorating. He knew that he would probably regret this later and should have instead drank some water, but dammit he wanted some beer. It had felt like forever since he had had one last.
Sam had tried to punch one of the monsters in a fit of intense anger, but his fist phased through the monster's head. He bit down on his tongue and fought off the tears that pricked his eyes. So goddamn much suffering and all for what? Nothing absolutely nothing except some satisfaction for a few bloodsucking monsters. He had rushed over to Dean and tried to rouse him, but of course they weren't there. This was all just memories. All of this had already passed and Dean had to endure alone, just like with dad and the panic attacks. Always alone. Always in pain.
Dean continued to lay like a deadman on the bed. Even when Sam finished restraining his appendages, Dean's eyes remained wide and open, but there was no movement other than the erratic rise and fall of his chest.
But they did get one tidbit of information that could be useful. The wife managed to get a glimpse of the perpetrators and could see that they wore clown masks.
However, upon remembering that it was Castiel that was in possession and not the psycho archangel, his worries eased up and he could think about the situation logically. Maybe this would help Dean like Gadreel had (kinda) helped Sam with his head problems after the trials.
It became so powerful that it ripped Castiel awake and left him dumbfounded as he remembered everything he had done before being taken.
At the thought of Dean, Castiel's heart felt a twang. By now, Castiel had gotten familier to this once unfamiliar feeling. It was love. He loved Dean Winchester. He didn't know when the feelings had manifested themselves, but he did know that they were there ever since he had raised Dean out of perdition. Even if he didn't know this was love at the time, it was there. The feelings for Dean were always there, but he just couldn't figure out what they were. It wasn't until Dean kissed Anna that Castiel realized this fact. When he watched their heads collide, Castiel's heart dropped and he felt a sadness like none other. It was at that moment that he realized his own feelings.
He also had no idea what to say. There was no sure answer as to why Jack felt those pulls in his head or why he felt as though he could kill someone at the blink of an eye. The most logical explanation would be that some of God's inner thoughts had merged with his and Amara's power and Jack had absorbed both... But if that was the case then how would they fix that? It wasn't like they could just extract God AND Amara's power and put it somewhere...
Sam clapped his hands together and took a deep breath. This would be their first case in a long, long time. In fact, how long had it been since they had a genuine monster case that they could just whip out and be done with? Too long it seemed. He slightly chuckled to himself. It seemed absurd to think about. The Winchester family "normal life" consisted of going on weekly monster hunts that could end with tragedy at any given moment. To any normal person, a simple event such as a hunt would be life shattering.
He abruptly let go and he and Man #1 stared expectantly at the smaller man, who was as red as a beet and as beautiful as a diamond.
"Ok, fine. This is real. Then how the hell do we get him back?" Dean sharply said, his breakfast now forgotten. "If you had known we could get him back why didn't you tell me earlier?"
But he still couldn't bring himself to release everything. That damn pull was just too strong for him to ignore.
He assembled his plate and stared down at it. The small hamburger sitting on it stared back. He slowly gulped and brought up a hamburger to his mouth. He hated the taste of the molecules, but he had to do this. He had done far, far worse for Dean's sake, so he could down a little bit of food to keep the hunter's body healthy. He swallowed again. He could ignore the taste and get it down. He made this commitment and he was going to keep it.
Jack, Cas, and Sam could only watch helplessly as John beat Dean into total submission and as he left, they were forced to listen to the crushing weight of his last words to Dean, as well as Dean's last silent words to John of that night. The night that Sam Winchester left for Stanford.
He exhaled deeply. Now with newfound determination and vigor resulting from the revelation, Dean leaned away from the hug and made hard eye contact with the angel. The angel that he loved with every fiber of his being and every nerve of his body.
"Sorry to break it to you bud, but I got this guy's angel juice right here. He held up the vial which was now on a chain around his neck. "And according to the rules, humans can't be in her. So we're gonna skidaddle." The Shadow hissed and tried to lunge at Dean, but Dean was faster and punched The Shadow right in the face with all his might. It collapsed on the ground and staggered, trying to get up, but the other angels had crowded around and were now beating on it in its human form. It hissed again and let out a burst of energy that sent all of the angels flying, but by the time it saw the rift again, it had already closed with Dean and Castiel inside it.
There were just too many questions and not any answers. Dean wasn't talking about his feelings at all, so Castiel didn't want to push it. He had decided he would hold off on any information for now until Sam and Jack returned. That way, they could organize a plan together that would hopefully have minimal side effects from Dean.
"He locked it away with all of his trauma. His soul felt the brunt of the torture, and so to cope he locked it away along with the rest of the burdens he carries. Right now he's reverted into his "soulless" state as you would call it." Jack replied in a distant tone.
As quick as it had come, the attack had stopped. In reality it had lasted about five minutes, but time seems to move faster when you experience these.
Dean's head pulsed and pounded as he tried to remember what had happened that fateful night. The painful memory of watching his best friend and his secret crush smiling as slimy ooze appeared from the wall and grabbed him, whisking him off to lands unknown. He had been completely helpless, being unable to do anything but watch and try to think of a solution, or anything to stop the deal from happening.
No. That's just another excuse and you know it. You may love Castiel, but you will never act on it. So he left you because he knew that. He knew that you would never tell him so he basically killed himself because you never told him you loved him back.
Sam tried to help, but he was also a wreck. He felt so much guilt on Dean's condition that he locked himself in his room for the majority of this time. Once in a while he and Eileen texted each other, sending words of condolence, but most of the time in his room was set in silence and grievance. He ran through every single possible scenario in his head on how he could have stopped Dean or at least convinced him to not fill his stomach full of alcohol. He should have gone with him. He should have talked to him more. He should have done something more.
Hell was a climax in Dean's life. 40 years of his soul's life was spent down there. There was no other way of describing it other than torture. Torture and pain. That was all Dean knew for 40 years until Castiel had rescued him and took care of the poor soul.
He would hold the demons there until he died. He couldn't let any of this escape. If he did, then he knew that his mind would fold in on itself and he would probably be put in the loony bin.
His head pounded again but he grabbed the thought and held onto it for dear life. The deal? What deal? Castiel made a deal with The Empty? He said he hadn't made one to return but did he make one to enter?
Upon their arrival, they were thrust into witnessing the entire capturing of Dean. From the moment he got in the Impala and started drinking his depression away, to his arriving at the abandoned town in Oregon and nearly pulling the trigger. At that point, Sam, Jack, and Cas were getting tired of being shocked at Dean's actions. To be honest, none of them were that shocked at Dean's suicide attempt. Deep in their minds, they had known that he would try to do this. It was just a matter of when. Dean was just too depressed to continue on, and even if they tried everything in their power to stop him, he would have done something drastic like this.
The angel knew that Dean's inner demons were bad, but he didn't know they were this bad. There was enough pain and trauma here to fuel anyone's nightmares for an entire lifetime, but to see it all here, condensed into one person's head, was enough to send Castiel into a depressive state. How would they ever fix this? Even if they could contain all of it, it would still be there, waiting for him to fall again. Besides, Dean had already tried that just hours beforehand, but he couldn't hold it all in.
Castiel sighed deeply again. There was just too much to discuss and fix. He just wished they could poof everything right again.
"Sam. Sammy. Please. Don't do this. Don't leave me alone with dad. You don't know what he does to me when you're gone. Please don't. Sam. You don't understand. Sam, Sam, Sam, Sam, Sammy... Please don't leave me alone. I need you. I'm lonely." He choked out.
Dean's voice came out low and gruff, like how Castiel spoke. Jack was definitely taken aback at the abrupt change and the sudden surge of mind-boggling information, but at least it wasn't like anything world-shattering had occured. Castiel was now in control of Dean's body while Dean's soul rested. It was a perfect plan. Jack just wished that he weren't so useless at the moment. It was like he was nothing without his powers. Sam could hunt the monsters and Castiel could heal and possess Dean but all he could do would be stare and let them handle everything else.
Twice now, Dean had kissed Cas. But both times weren't made with true intent. That wasn't Dean who initiated the gesture of love. Dean would never.
Then they were teleported out of the loathsome memory and back into the pitch blackness of Dean's main headspace. The soul sighed as he watched the dark cloud rumble and grow. Castiel tried to say something, but Dean shushed him.
Upon hearing Castiel's familiar gruff voice in his ear, Dean shivered a little. He loved that voice so much that everytime he heard it he felt as if a wave of calm washed over him. Honestly, he could listen to Cas talk for hours.
His instincts screamed at him to turn tail and leave, to continue in the opposite direction and keep heading towards the light. But he knew that if he did, the repercussions would bite his ass sometime in the future, like they always did. He had to do something to that darkness so that he would never have to see it again.
was alive? How? He was literally killed right infront of him. Did Sam or Jack bring him back? But didn't he have a deal with The Empty or something? So how could he be here? Right infront of him? Very obviously alive and very Castiel-looking.
"Yeah, that's it. You sexy, sexy angel." He seemingly purred. "Just do it. Let's just forget everything for one night. Forget everything except the passion and love we have for each other. Forget all the pain and suffering. Just remember our love. One night, Cas. One night." His green eyes met with blue and his tongue creeped out, licking his dry lips lustily.
"Come on Jack. Let's just see what he wants. The worst he can do is die." Sam grumbled. He grabbed Jack by the shoulders and the two of them headed towards the main room, silently shutting the door behind him.
"A tiny bit of angel grace and some witch magic." She replied. "And without either of them, well then he dies."
Meanwhile Sam caught up to Boian. He tried shooting him, but Boian easily swatted the gun out of the way.
Sam and Cas were still staring murderous intent, but shock was written on their faces as well as Jack's.
Dean just stared at him for a good ten seconds. He then sighed and pushed Castiel off of their awkward position. He mumbled something under his breath, something so faint that even Castiel's super sensitive hearing couldn't pick it up.
Life with Dean Castiel was definitely a strange phenomenon to witness, much less get used to. To start with, it was relieving to hear an extra set of footsteps around the Bunker. Just 8 months before, there was hardly any movement and no sound other than the rustling of papers, clicking of keys, and sighs of exhaustion. The air had a dead feel to it filled with dread and fatigue. The situation at the time had seemed hopeless.
which procured a loud moan from Castiel, which was the sexiest thing Man #1 had ever heard in his life. Goddamn what did he do to land a beauty such as this? And one who was so submissive as well.
Perhaps it was at this moment that Castiel, a perfect, peerless angel of Heaven, fell in love with Dean Winchester.
Dean tried to protest, but the door slammed as Sam trudged out like John did a long time ago. The slam echoed in his head and then he was left alone in the dark motel room with a closed door and closed windows. Dean gulped and stared at the door for a long time before he approached and silently opened it, hoping that Sam would be out there, that his threat was just a bluff.
Then he felt  it. It was so faint that it would be unnoticable by anyone else but himself. His eyes snapped open and he nudged Castiel.
Sam looked slightly taken aback. The question was more of why would he bring Cas along? They were going on a potentially dangerous case. He knew Eileen and Jack could hold their own, and he was there in case anything were to go wrong, but Castiel was in no shape to go along. Well, Castiel himself was, but since Dean's body was so frail at that moment, he would be putting his own life at risk along with Dean's.
The ache returned. And then it grew. A painful stabbing in his head as it cried out to him to not remember. Stop it. It's too painful you don't know what you're getting into. You don't have to remember. Just keep it locked away. You can make new memories. You don't need to know the old ones. They're gone forever. Don't try to dig them back up. You can live without them. Stop it Dean. Just stop it. They're gone.
"No. I don't know what you can do at this moment, but for now there's nothing else that you can do. Thank you for helping us Sam, but we need to help Dean now."
"I feel fine. I really do. It's not like I don't want to talk and be difficult. It's just that I honestly feel fine. Yeah, I still remember everything and I remember how much it hurt. But it's not corrupting my head or anything. It's just like when I was in Hell. It hurt, but I'll press on.
Man #2 quickly assumed his place at Castiel's mouth, waving his cock right in Cas' face, teasing the smaller man. Castiel groaned as Man #1's tongue raked past a sensitive area and nearly grabbed Man #2's dick in his mouth. He let out a gutteral moan as Castiel's warm mouth made eye contact with his sensitive skin. A beautiful pink tongue combed the head and urethra, and teeth scraped along the skin. It was obvious this blue-eyed beauty was inexperienced with his mouth, but goddamn his looks made up for it. Man #2 opened his eyes long enough to see beautiful sky blue eyes staring at him, full of wonder and lust.
And you think that hate and anger that's - that's what drives you. That's who you are. It's not. And everyone who knows you sees it. Everything you have ever done, the good and the bad you have done for love.
Castiel paused and looked at Jack with wide, sad eyes. Jack returned the same. They stared at each other for a while before Castiel sighed and rubbed his chin thoughtfully.
John lifted his heavy boot off his son and picked up a half-empty beer bottle left on the rotting table. Then he opened the door and slammed it shut with so much force that it seemed like the entire room rattled in fear.
Anyways a Very Merry Belated Christmas and New Year's y'all! Hope you had a good time watching Destiel become canon for the 5th time <3 (not really)
And even if he couldn't admit it to himself, he needed help. He needed so much help that it was excruciatingly painful inside and out of his head. He wasn't fine. He was never fine. He was in such pain and discomfort and displeasure that he felt like putting a bullet in his brain at that moment. He needed Castiel's help.
3 days after his rescue and 3 days of nonstop, constant healing, Dean Winchester opened his mesmerizing sea-green eyes for the first time in 8 months.
Castiel stood up as Sam entered the map room and Jack came bursting out from the room Dean was in. Upon seeing the familiar machine, the two of them smiled as a faint glimmer of hope appeared in their minds.
Sam couldn't feel Dean's soul, but he searched fervently. He couldn't do this. He couldn't watch these monsters they usually killed with ease take their time and rip his brother apart as if he was confetti. No. He had ample opportunities to save Dean from this horrific fate, but he had ignored them. This was all his fault. Dean had run off on his watch and he had suffered here and in motel rooms and...
Jack looked confused for a moment. Where was Dean's soul? He had been so focused on healing his bodily wounds that he had completely forgotten about the very life essence of humans. An idiotic mistake on his part.
Cas obviously wore the trenchcoat for a reason. He had even heard Castiel say that he had grown to like the coat at times. He could take the trenchcoat that Castiel's vessel had on, but he decided not to and leave Jimmy's body where it was out of respect. Besides, it wouldn't kill Sam to go out and buy one that would fit Dean's body. In fact, they could just go out and buy a suit and coat that fit Dean's current form and be done with clothes for a while and also give Castiel some peace of mind with familiar attire. It was a win-win situation for everyone.
"We have no idea Cas. Like I said, after you were taken, he just... Disappeared." Sam replied wearily. He felt exhausted. He knew that this question would be asked the minute Castiel stepped in, he just didn't know the reaction would be this bad.
Also thank you all so much for the kind comments and kudos! They mean a lot to me and keep my motivation up to continue writing this mess. Smooches to all of you, my lovely comrades
Dean continued to sob for over two hours. Even when his phone rang and he saw it was Sam, he just threw it on the ground and continued to bawl like a lost child.
He pondered on it for only a few moments before the realization hit him like a truck. It was simply because he was in possession of Dean's body. And Dean was so much in love with food, more specifically hamburgers, that it trumped an angel's lack of taste.
Dean's soul wasn't there either. And Castiel wasn't sticking around to make sure. To see Dean in such depression made Castiel depressed himself.
What good was he? He had done nothing to help because he was stupidly unusable without any of his power. A useless sack of potatoes that couldn't do anything because it was too scared. And scared of what? World destruction? He would never do that.
"Oh my God... Is that really you? Castiel?" Jack said, full of raw emotion. Castiel looked up from Sam's hug and nodded. Jack's face exploded into a smile and he practically flew up the stairs and into Castiel's embrace.
He and Jack had been there for at least five hours. Just standing there, healing Dean. It was taking an obvious toll on Jack. His forehead was covered in sweat and his hands were shaking. Healing was an easy task any angel could do, even more so for Jack, but since his powers were locked away, he was stressing because he had to let the power out only a little at a time. A very taxing process. Coupled with the fact that he was sharing power with Castiel was also taking its toll.
He cursed and punched a wall, leaving a deep crater in it and shaking the room in the process. He was so stupid. He shouldn't have left. He should have talked to Dean. He should have reassured him and comforted him and done something other than just being silent and hoping that was the best course of action. How could he have been so blind and stupid?
Man #2 took the hint though, and abruptly pulled his meat out of the angel's mouth, which caused him to cry out in displeasure. Seeing that sexy face look up, betrayal etched into every line, just about sent him over the edge again. But he had to stay strong and continue this as long as possible. They hadn't even barely started and this was the best sex Man #2 had had in his life.
"Jack. I know you're listening and I know I'm doing something wrong. I have no idea what, and I'm sorry if I've pissed you off somehow. Look, I know I wasn't the most welcoming person in your life, and I'm so sorry about that. There aren't even words to describe how sorry I am. But Jack, this is my last plea to you. Just give me some sort of a hint or something to show me that he can be rescued. I need to tell him that he's not wrong. That I'm sorry. That I can't live without him." Dean's throat bobbed as the words stuck there, lodged, stuck. But he pushed them out. "That I love that stupid angel and I want. No I NEED him back. So please just show me anything."
"I'll ask one more time, you sure about this Cas? We won't be hurt at all if you decide to stay behind. You'll still helpful and you can do research for us-"
"I-I don't know. We were just healing him and then he woke up. You saw it Sam. We weren't doing anything to his head." Jack responded.
Dean tried to find words to say. Say something about how wrong that was. Say something about how he didn't ever want to be possessed ever again after Michael. Say that he hated this idea but he still wanted to do it because he wanted Castiel inside of him in a weird way like that. Say that he didn't like the feeling of being possessed but if it was Cas then he would do it in a heartbeat. So many things he wanted to say, but his mouth stayed glued shut. Just as when he watched Cas being taken by The Empty. He was still a coward. He still couldn't voice his thoughts. Even when he was here in Castiel's arms and crying his damn eyes out he still couldn't open his mouth and just say what he wanted to say.
They watched as Dean searched for Sam. They watched when he returned and sat on the bed. They watched everything that was happening, but nothing was amiss. All seemed normal and Sam began to wonder why this memory was of such importance when it started.
Thanks to @drjackandmissjo for proofreading and betaing! Much love to you my friend. Check out their works on A03 too!
Then Cas put his fingers to Dean's head next to Jack's. He concentrated a small amount of his grace into his hands and his eyes lit up in angelic blue. His grace then intertwined with Jack's, causing his blue eyes to turn the same shade of sunset yellow as Jack's. The sudden upsurge of power was staggering, but Castiel pulled through as he struggled to heal the man he loved.
Dean thought as he stewed in his mind, processing everything that had happened in just the last few weeks. It had been a few weeks since Jack had ascended up to heaven, and it had been a few weeks since he and Sam had literally defeated God himself. The Big Bad, the Antagonist, the End to all Ends. On a good day, he would feel absolutely elated and would kick back on the couch and call it a day with a cold beer in his hand and the TV remote in the other. But Dean still felt empty inside. Everyone he had ever loved albeit Sam were gone. Mom and dad were up in Heaven with Bobby, Charlie, Jack, Kevin, and all the other friends and family he had made in this years long journey of his Greater Good. Well, all the human friends. Crowley, (he still wasn't a friend, but, he did sacrifice himself to save both he and Sam.)Gabriel, Cas... They were all probably rotting away in The Empty, locked away in a deep sleep. The sheer thought of Cas dreaming of all his past regrets and hurts made Dean want to cry out in despair. His best friend, his family, were all suffering while he was here on Earth enjoying life. Sure, before Cas was taken away, he had told Dean to live life to its fullest and to be happy. But Dean WAS happy. He was happiest when he had Cas by his side. He was the happiest when he had Cas, Jack, and Sam all sitting at the table with him, enjoying a beer and just enjoying life together.
Well, Castiel had just proven his point. Dean was childish. Because of this, he lashed out and drove away. It was obvious that he did this because Cas had sacrificed himself and Dean didn't want to continue without him. Yeah, it was an obvious fact but it was so fucking stupid. Cas's whole speech was about living, and Dean just had to go and throw that away! What a fucking idiot.
His brother who abandoned him and left him with dad to go to college and left him to die and be tortured in Hell and Purgatory and who could be one of the most selfish people in the world and the person who didn't understand half of what Dean did for him and-
Dean hadn't said a single word since his heartbreaking speech not even ten minutes ago. He had just laid still on the bed. Castiel had tried to coax some more interaction out of him, but Dean was glazed over. Thankfully, he wasn't screaming anymore. The three of them couldn't come to any firm conclusions as to why he had stopped or why he had began, so they ended up dropping the subject and hoped that he wouldn't start again.
After Dean's heartbreaking speech, Sam had nearly collapsed under the guilt he had felt just then. All those times he had left and shut the door behind his back, Dean had been alone in the dark. In a conscious mindset, Dean would
life and this is the thanks I get? An ungrateful bitch who wants to run away and a disappointment who can't do anything right even after twenty years?"
He unwrapped his arms and took Dean's face in his hands. Hot tears were still actively running down the hunter's cheeks, but Castiel brushed them away with a loving motion.
In Dean's unconscious mind, the box exploded. It wasn't meant to last, even Dean couldn't deny that. It wasn't a matter of "if" it would break, but more of "when." Well, "when" was very soon. Too soon. Much sooner than Dean anticipated. There was just too much bottled up to be contained.
Dean never was the type of person to outwardly grive. That was Sam's personality, as shown when he watched Mary get incinerated and Castiel get stabbed. Sam was the one who flinched and screamed while Dean could only watch with a mournful face. But despite this, Dean was still arguably the most emotional out of the two of them. It was Dean who fell into a depression. It was Dean who prepared Castiel's body for a hunter's funeral. It was Dean who was ready to give up his life after two of the most important people in his life were brutally ripped away from his calloused hunter hands.
The others voiced their agreement. Then they quickly hushed themselves as they slowly entered the barn. Two human hunters, an angel, and a literal God child. This wouldn't be hard at all.
He was Dean Winchester. Dean Winchester wasn't supposed to have any weaknesses. He was only supposed to be the disposable weapon that everyone would use and then throw away without a second thought.
"But you don't understand. I could've stopped him. I had the power. I should've just let it out and-"
And right they were. After driving around for a couple of hours during the dead of night, they came across an abandoned barn. A perfect place for a vampire feeding ground. Everyone exited the vehicle and grabbed the necessities - bullets with dead man's blood, guns, and machetes. Somehow Sam even found a pair of ninja stars, but he tentatively set them down. Ninja stars wouldn't be that useful in a vampire hunt.
When Dean managed to find a slight chance to escape, he was very easily captured again and had his legs mangled beyond repair that they would be impossible to heal without divine intervention.
Jack nodded his head slowly, his eyes still wide and sad like a lost puppy. He was lost, and like the rest of them, he wanted answers. Castiel felt a pang of sympathy for his son. Even after the main threat of world destruction from God was over, he and Sam were still struggling to continue without Dean and himself. When would they ever be able to just rest without the world caving in on itself? It seemed that they would never get the ending that they deserved.
He looked expectantly at Castiel. Obviously this was a loaded question and one that would take a lot of thought, but he had to know. He had seen the extent of Dean's injuries and mental trauma. Even without most of his advanced angelic senses, he could still tell that Dean was fucked up in more ways than one.
But ultimately, he failed. He was too assertive, too pushy. Castiel likes slow burns, not in-your-face passion.
Castiel turned his attention back to Dean. He didn't realize how much he had been relying on Jack. Now that it was just him, the process became much more difficult. He was feeling the repercussions, and it seemed that Dean also was. His face was now recognizable, thank goodness. But now he could truly see the pain that Dean was in. He was feverish and twitching a lot. His eyebrows were knitted together in all the pain. Not a single feeling of peace radiated from his body. Only pain. Castiel set his face firmer and focused harder on healing. He couldn't pin all of this on Jack. He was mostly responsible, so he had to fix everything. He had to fix Dean himself.
Two days after Sam's few lines of dialogue, Dean was in the kitchen cheerfully cooking breakfast. He had his phone on, blasting Led Zeppelin, and he was currently waiting for Sam to return from his daily jog. As the toast popped up, Dean heard the familiar
Upon this realization, Castiel couldn't help but giggle a slight bit to himself. He had just discovered another astonishing thing about Dean. Something else that was just so adorable and lovable. Something as simple as a love of food, but because it was Dean, that love was multiplied tenfold and allowed an angel to taste otherwise tasteless items. It was almost laughable to think about, someone loving food so much that they could cause others to love it as well.
Dark shadows were flying above it and a massive black cloud was hovering over the entirety of his headspace.
But dammit it was this idiocy and passion for his family that had drawn Castiel to Dean. It was why he fell in love with the human. It was his flaws but deep love for people that made Cas fall in love. A mighty angel of the lord, in love with a mere human. It was laughable to think about, but Cas couldn't deny any of his feelings. They were there and they were staying whether he professed them or not.
The last time he saw Dean was in that room. He was confessing his true feelings to Dean and the feeling of contentment that he had at just saying it. Just telling the hunter that he had fallen in love with him was enough to bring him true happiness. A happiness that trumped the fear of The Empty. A pure and true love that had cultivated for over twelve years, ever since he gripped Dean tight and raised him from perdition.
"What do you mean? I just thought that we could have a little celebration now that all of us are together again. Well, not really, Dean's still resting, but we're all here in spirit. Besides, I need to be eating a lot to restore Dean's physique to what it once was."
"Yes, you are correct. However, I felt something pulling at me. I-I was asleep and dreaming when I felt it. It was a very strong sensation and it ripped my consciousness awake. I don't really know how else to describe it." Castiel slowly replied. His brow crinkled as he tried to remember what had happened.
Sam watched expectantly as Dean's fresh eyes opened and adjusted to their surroundings. He watched as Dean slowly sat up from the bed and swiveled his head around. He watched as Dean's eyes widened in shock as he saw Castiel and Jack standing together. He just hoped that Dean's mind wouldn't be too far gone, or if it was, it would at least be able to be somewhat fixed.
Jack's self-deprecating monologue abruptly ceased as the conversation continued between the three of them. He stopped thinking about it, but he could still feel the pricks of his doubt towards himself in the back of his head.
And with that, a giant flash of light appeared. A rift. Right in front of his eyes. Dean's eyes lit up in shock but joy and he smiled towards the sky. Then, in his hands appeared a small vial and an angel blade. Dean's face grimaced as he realized what he needed to do. But that grimace would soon disappear as he stepped through the rift.
Dean straightened his arms and rubbed his legs. He would have to stretch his appendages out later. Those suckers were as tight as his ass was in a pair of shorts.
All rhyme and reason flew out the window then. Red spot danced in Man #1 and #2's eyes. Not wanting to forget this moment, Man #1 swiftly set up his camera and PornHub Live account. Castiel watched with mild interest, not caring about anything else other than ridding his body of the heat that had built up in it. They immediately they retook the same positions, Man #2 with his dick in Castiel's mouth and Man #1 at the back. But before he penetrated, he asked, "Lube?"
It had been so long since Dean had actual sanity in his head that he could barely remember anything about the "real world." Yes, he remembered Sam. Of course he remembered Sam. Sam was his brother.
It continued to spread throughout his body, warming his bones and spreading a feeling of peace to his festered mind. He sank into it and basked in its glory. Such warmth was welcoming after the biting coldness he had experienced for a lifetime.
Hot tears started streaming down his face as he made eye contact with the fake Sam in his fake world, not the real Sam in the real world.
As if to prove this point, Dean let off a mournful howl. Not a howl like a werewolf would do at the moon or a dog at a siren, no this was a howl filled with sorrow and depression that only a broken hearted person could make.
Castiel couldn't deny that he was disappointed. Years upon years of sacrifice, pining, eye-fucking, pain, and everything else lovers could go through had all passed like the snap of a finger. But Dean never noticed. He never looked at Castiel twice. It was just in his nature. Castiel had seen that in his soul. He had seen everything the man he loved had to offer. Still, it was very disappointing.
They took Dean's pistol out of his waistline and shot him repeatedly in the head and appendages, cackling in elation.
Castiel sat beside Sam in the middle and Jack on the other side. He set both of his hands to Sam and Jack's shoulders and looked at the both of them. Upon seeing their nods of approval, he let out a deep breath.
He felt the prick of needles as they pierced his skin and threaded through with string attached to them
At first, early in the night, they had been testing the waters. They had met at a gay bar by chance. Castiel was looking for some fun because he was mad at Dean, and with no other outlet to vent his anger he just wanted some angry sex with some guys. When the three of them met, sparks immediately flew. Man #1 and Man #2 were obviously no strangers to one night stands, and Castiel wasn't exactly a virgin himself, but the threat of STDs and AIDs hung over the over two, while Castiel pondered on what sex would be like with a male in his male vessel.
Not much could be concluded from seeing the crime scene that wasn't already stated in the article. The husband had been killed, the wife's tongue ripped out, and the kids taken away. The wife was traumatized beyond belief, it seemed that even thinking of the event caused her body to shut down.
Cas picked Dean up, who was still a limp ragdoll. In a gruff voice filled with sorrow he explained the situation to Sam and Jack.
Immediately, his throat loosened and he could manage to pull in giant gasps of air. He sat up and started panting hard.
Sam nodded understandingly. He was just glad that Castiel was around to help. If he hadn't mysteriously appeared a few days ago, then he and Jack would probably have had no idea how to handle Dean. But Cas knew how to perfectly, and Sam would be eternally grateful to his best friend for always being there for them through the thick and thin.
Jack and Sam nodded solemnly and they set out to fix up the spare bedroom. They feared that if they used Dean's, he would tear it up and destroy everything in it. That would crush him even more.
"So do we have any idea where these vampires might be?" He asked. "I'm sure we could take care of them rather quickly."
"Cas, come on. I'm goddamn glad you're back man, but what happened? Did you make another deal? If you did you gotta tell me. You can't hide stuff like that from us! We gotta know so we can help you."
Overcome with grief and despair, Dean couldn't handle it. It took every bit of willpower just to stand up and get in the Impala. He couldn't go on. He was so lost and depressed. Castiel was gone. Forever. Dead. No longer with him or Sam or... Anyone.
"I would advise against that. Dean locked his soul away because he knew that he wouldn't be able to face reality in a sane way. He locked it away along with all the trauma he's experienced. And I mean all of it. He's reverted back to his state of mind that he possessed over a decade ago. All the pain he's felt all these years in Hell, Purgatory, and Earth, all of that's been buried away."
"I'll be fine. Relax. I'm begging you, just ten minutes of some alone time to get my thoughts together. Then you can come in and do whatever."
Sam let the last words stretch out and opened his hands as he waited expectantly for an answer from his newly resurrected brother. This was the moment of truth. Now, they would see if their hard efforts paid off and if Dean was mentally stable again. Dean stretched out again with a loud groan, but he sputtered as he processed what his brother had just said.
The next few days passed in a quick but pleasant blur. Castiel continued to make meals for the three of them while enjoying everyone's company. After spending so long in The Empty, physical interaction that wasn't anything from a past regret was a definite welcome change. He was just glad to be out and enjoying life.
"So? There's nothing to erupt. Yeah, I got some shit to deal with, but we all do. Just because I was a monster meatbag for a while doesn't mean that I'm helpless. Listen Sam, I'm fine. Really."
Castiel agreed and he and Dean watched as Sam and Jack trudged away. The tension and anxiety in the air grew and nearly smothered the two of them. It wasn't that things were awkward, it was just that there was so much the two of them needed to talk about, but neither of them knew where to start.
Man #1 needed no more persuasion. With no holding back, he fully inserted his 7" dick in Castiel's unprepared ass, fully popping his anal cherry.
Sam dressed in his FBI suit, grabbed his and Castiel's fake badges, and they headed out on their first case.
And now? Because of his inability to process even the simplest of emotions, Cas was gone. Cas was gone and Dean had done nothing to even try to stop it or even reciprocate Cas's confession. He had done nothing. He should've reached up, taken that angel's face in his hands, and given him a giant smooch on his dry and sexy lips before he was taken. It was obvious by now that was what they both wanted, but Dean couldn't even think of doing that while Cas was being taken. He couldn't think of anything. But now that the love of his life was gone, it was all that Dean could think about.
It was silently hovering over the beaten figure of past Dean. Just a small blue speck that would have been missed by any other lower angel.
Castiel decided to skip over visiting this part of the memories. He would not invade Dean's privacy like that and drag Sam and Jack along to witness. That would be pure cruelness to them and the hunter's head. And besides, he knew that Dean's soul wouldn't be residing there. How did he know this? He had no clue. He just did.
And Gwynth was possessing the form of an average-looking brunette. But even in a vessel, Castiel instantly recognized her.
He lustily licked his lips and rubbed his meat between Castiel's ass, teasing the opening. He felt satisfied as Castiel twitched and shuddered in pleasure, but unable to say anything due to the cock lodged in his mouth.
He was so busy enjoying his new tastebuds and adoration for Dean that he didn't even notice the three fuddled hunters staring at him. When he did, he paused mid-chew from a massive bite from another hamburger, hands locked in the motion. Sam smiled and started laughing.
If you want to follow my stan Twitter and witness my ramblings and also see what I'm procrastinating on instead of doing this then go ahead
Sam's mouth was left agape. He covered it with his hand and then his other hand came up and he found he was crying. Tears leaked down his face and he sobbed as he realized what he had done that night. He had left Dean alone with dad. And dad had beaten Dean for no reason. Dean had tried to defend Sam, tell him that it wasn't Sam's fault that he wanted to leave, but John hadn't listened. All he heard was his own rage towards life and made Dean his personal punching bag.
But Dean was such a stubborn fuckhead like their father. He refused to be helped by anyone and instead forced himself to shoulder all his burdens with absolutely no assistance like a fucking idiot. It seemed at times that they were mirror images of each other. Sam wished with all his heart that Dean wouldn't have grown up to resemble John, but he couldn't deny the facts.
"While I can understand what you're implying, I really don't think that I could have sexual intercourse with a hamburger, Sam." He stated matter-of-factly, not really paying attention to his words.
The facts hit Castiel like a brick. He was the one who had caused Dean to run away and be captured and tortured by monsters. It was his fault. And all because he wanted to go out in a way that would be remembered.
They were transported into a place sometime in the future with John loading the Impala with monster hunting weapons. Dean watched with mild curiosity. Castiel and Jack hurridly pulled adult Sam up and supported his weight, but he pushed them away with a simple "I'm fine." Jack and Cas looked at each other sorrowfully, but soon went back to watching young Dean and John interact.
Castiel set the pitchers down and untied the apron from his waist. It was still pristinly white. He gently folded it up and set it back in the kitchen on its hangar. When he returned and saw Sam, Jack, and Eileen all passing the plates around and laughing joyfully, he couldn't help but feel a warm feeling spreading throughout his chest.
"Dean's mental state is extremely fragile right now. It has been since he woke up - even if he wouldn't admit it." Castiel continued.
Castiel was so lost in his thoughts that he failed to notice Dean's eyes fluttering open. He also failed to notice when Dean slowly rose from the bed and crept up behind the angel. When he finally noticed Dean, it was too late. Dean appeared in front of him with a stupid grin on his face.
To Castiel however, Dean's Hell was a familiar sight. He had seen all of Dean's memories and past regrets when he raised him from Perdition, so he knew everything Dean had experienced. But... They still hurt him so. He hated witnessing them, especially since he knew that Dean had suffered even more since these events that had happened years and years ago. It seemed that even Dean's time in Hell itself wasn't as prominent as recent events.
When he wasn't driving, he was at bars. Women came up to him, told him he looked terrible, that he needed a nice night to take the edge off his life. But he couldn't. He couldn't do anything but drink and drink and drink... Not even a woman could take his mind off the sorrow and guilt he felt.
I still want to die I had so much and I had to type it all againn...........and i forgot half of what i wrote..... So sad im literally crying im so sorry I hope it's legible I kinda wrote this in a fit of anger
Another moan escaped his throat as Man #1 began stroking his beading cock. Precum seemed to explode from it as he gasped in ectasy and black dots spotted his vision.
"I don't know how we'll even begin to fix this. But for now we need to find Dean's soul and bring him back to the surface." He stated.
Sam sighed as he and Castiel entered the Impala again. In all honesty, this didn't seem like a case at all, maybe just a deranged killer. He looked towards Castiel.
Castiel and Jack were relatively ready though, and they restrained Dean as he started to flail in the bed. Jack pressed his palm to his forehead, but Dean continued to scream murder. He pressed harder, and a faint yellow light entered Dean's head and he calmed down a little. Jack slowly removed his hand and Dean started screaming again.
He felt his consciousness rousing. Amongst the thoughts, he sighed. He knew that he wouldn't be himself. He just hoped that somehow Sam could rescue him.
He pushed the gut-wrenching pain down and focused on the conversation at hand. He would focus on his own feelings later. Right now, healing Dean and his body were priority.
They witnessed this scene unfold in silent horror as Dean began choking and hacking in the dark. He could feel the fear and pain radiating from him as he was forced to endure this terrible night alone.
It was ready, but were they? Most likely not but it's not like they had the time to mentally prepare themselves. Every second wasted was a second that Dean's soul was evaporating. There was literally no time to waste.
But Dean couldn't feel nor hear anything. All he did was continue to cry. And he did so for the remainder of the night.
Even if Castiel was in Dean's body, it still was Castiel. He was still his father and the angel that had saved his life on numerous occasions. There was no reason for him to feel uncomfortable at all.
"I think it wouldn't hurt to check out. And honestly, I'm getting a little bored from all this sitting around. Might as well do something."
Castiel gripped his head tightly, a head-splitting migraine overtook him, but Sam failed to notice once again. He was too preoccupied with the potential monsters the masked killers could be. And as soon as it started, the pain stopped.
Before she could protest, he thrusted the Angel Blade into her right eye and watched in grim satisfaction as she died, hopefully a painful death like she deserved.
about reciprocating Castiel's feelings!" Boian threw his head back and laughed a cruel, cruel laugh.
suppressing his emotions like a robot. He understood that Dean didn't want to talk about them and he understood how vulnerable it made him feel, but godammit he couldn't bury everything forever! He needed to talk or vent or do something that would make him feel better, and not just bottle all his feelings up like he usually did.
In order to get Dean back to full health and leave him with a fully functioning body, he would have to bulk up himself. He had full control over Dean's digestive system, and he knew the extent of what he could and couldn't eat. He probably should have stuck with simple foods, but he felt like he could spoil himself a little and munch on a hamburger or two. Besides, he didn't even technically have to use the bathroom as an angel. His own anatomy confused him at times, but at least it came in handy. He could eat solid foods and not suffer any repercussions like a normal human suffering from malnourishment would. Call it a luxury or a crutch, but that's what it was.
He ripped his eyes away and tried to mute out the sound of Dean's continual screaming through the thread. It was incredibly hard, but he relented and screamed at the other two.
The vampire noticed and took this chance. Using all of its mass and momentum, it punched Castiel right on the side of the temple. As the angel crumpled, it tore off its mask and sank its dagger-like teeth into the angel's neck, spewing crimson blood all over.
"Alright, I'm not even gonna ask how this happened. First of all, Cas." At the mention of the angel's name, his eyes slightly lit up in happiness. "How in the world are you alive? I... I saw you being k-killed. Right in front of me. I thought I was never gonna get you back."
Jack came up behind and peered over the angel's shoulder as they quickly scrolled through the article together. It described in vivid detail the murder of a family man, who was stabbed in the back in his own house. It also described how the wife was later found, bleeding and on the verge of death. Her tongue had also been cut off.
At first, it was only a slight hitching in his breath. Something so simple. He choked up a little, but it wasn't anything too concerning. He had been choked by both monsters and people before. He could handle a little bit of lost air.
He gently took Dean's hand in his own. The hunter's still frame flinched a little, but his face remained stoic. Castiel slowly shook his head and brought Dean's hand up to his forehead.
He loaded Castiel into the backseat and as soon as everyone else filed in, he started racing back towards the motel, cursing his incompetence all the way.
Castiel smiled back somberly and shut the door. Jack and Eileen followed suit and got in the backseat. During Dean and Castiel's absences, the two of them had gotten quite close, and even more so with their extended time together. In fact, with Jack's extensive knowledge of the universe, he found that he learned ASL very easily, and he and Eileen had in depth conversations together a lot. Sam was always overjoyed to see the two of them getting along, and he would join in sometimes, the three of them having jolly talks together about life.
Did Dean feel the same way? God, Cas wished he did. But he probably didn't. But Cas was okay with that. He was okay watching from the sidelines. As long as Dean was happy and safe, Castiel would be content.
And Jack did. Every single detail Castiel described and more, he imagined. He realized how much he missed the Impala and Dean. He missed the old days, just casually hunting, the four of them. Tears pricked his eyes as he remembered.
He put his fingers to Dean's head and felt the familiar whispers and screams of Dean's internal trauma. He cursed outloud as he realized that somehow Dean had locked the memories away to cope. He wasn't soulless, in fact he was quite himself and alright without the memories, but somehow he had easily unearthed them and was now facing the repercussions.
Man #1 started out slow, not being so mean as to make Castiel bleed on his first time having something up his ass. But the feeling of Castiel's tight ass around his bulging cock slowly made him forget about going slow. He gradually picked up the speed, balls slapping against his taint and Castiel's asscheeks. He searched for the prostate, and faintly began directing his pumps towards it.
that you know what I feel about you? Huh? Well then if you're so goddamn smart and responsible then how the fuck did your brother leave?"
When Jack and Sam left, Castiel turned to face Dean who was still sitting stupidly on the bed, a somewhat glazed look on his eyes.
Sam's exasperation grew along with his fear. Would Dean actually be stuck like this forever? When Sam was released from the Cage and Castiel let the wall down that was in his mind, Sam certainly knew what it felt like to be batshit insane from the horrific thoughts. He knew better than anyone. But he never realized how frustrating it was to be on the other side. The one who could see all of this happening to a person he loved, but yet not being able to do anything. He now understood why Dean had let Gadreel in. At the time, it seemed like he didn't have a choice.
Past Sam returned quite a while later and present Sam wanted to punch him in his stupid face so hard. Look! Your brother literally just had a panic attack and you don't give a shit! What the fuck is wrong with you just go over there and ask if he's alright. See! He's still shaking right across from you why don't you turn around you fucking IDIOT!
And so, as a memoriam, he put his handprint there. This wasn't at all necessary. He already had Dean's body rebuilt and fully functioning, all the internal scars and external bruises were gone. But he couldn't just leave the soul without leaving some sort of imprint on it. Something to remind himself and Dean that he was the one that rescued him. He was the angel that gripped him tight and raised him from Perdition. Castiel. The angel of Thursday.
"Dean, you literally said that a week ago. Look, I know you're grieving for Cas, we all are, but you're ruining your health in the process."
Sam shrugged and pulled out his phone. He texted Eileen a few key details they found out. Her response was immediate.
Sam was about to say something but his blood ran cold as he heard Dean's heartbreaking words after he had left. "I'm so lonely." He was so goddamn stupid. Why had he left? Why was he so stupid? Why couldn't he see how fragile Dean was? He had broken his own brother and hadn't even realized it.
He and Jack looked at each other in frightened panic and hastily set the bags down and ran throughout the Bunker, trying to figure out where the other two residents were and why they weren't answering.
But the shadow of his father only stared in disappointment, silent. Somehow this was even worse than being physically beaten.
The guilt filled Sam's mind. Sure, he knew that he could not have stopped Dean no matter how hard he tried. But he should have done something more. If he had just asked or pestered or done
When Sam, Castiel, and Jack found the Impala, they found that it'd been destroyed beyond recognition. Claws, bite marks, and just about anything you can imagine a monster doing had happened. Sam stifled a sob as he ran towards it.
"Well, actually... The angel can stay. I want to chat with him a bit, if ya don't mind." He winked at Castiel with his usual flirty vigor and stared daggers at Sam and Jack.
The pain came back. The burning pain that was all over his body. Then the pain became more prominent in his left lung and he felt the familiar sensation of sharp and deadly claws piercing through the flesh.
And he did. For the next 10 years and beyond, that's what he did. No matter how much it hurt, or how awkward the situation, he always hid them.
"Well, not exactly. But we can't just let all of his trauma out. That would be disasterous Sam. It would break him."
But as soon as it had happened, the darkness withdrew. Dean went back to smiling happily at them. Then his gaze shifted to Castiel. His eyebrows knitted together in thought, but then a wicked idea formed in his head and his face broadened into a grin.
"Sit. Stay." He barked out. Sam and Cas struggled, but he was too powerful. They couldn't move at all.
"Alright then, let's go right now and get you suited up. I'm sure that we can work something out with a tailor."
Sam approached with a small pair of scissors. He gently nudged Castiel away and stooped over Dean's ripped and mangled face. He gulped in fear and utter horror, but he set to work cutting off all the thread. He took great care in carefully cutting the thread and pulling it away. He started with the mouth, slowly snipping and pulling. Wet sounds emerged from the process, but Sam bit down his disgust.
The angel panicked as he recalled the events that had led up to this moment. He had been knocked out cold by a vampire after another one of those head-splitting migraines. He assumed he was still unconscious, and he was inside his and Dean's head.
Gwynth used her angel blade and carved out Dean's eyes like someone would a pumpkin. She laughed as his gurgled screams echoed in the basement. Then Boian approached with needle and thread and sewed his eyelids open so that they would never close again. They would remain gaping holes of pain and hopelessness. Then he sewed the mouth shut so that it would never scream again.
But it was like Jack was ignoring him for some reason. Dean couldn't figure out why but he just wished that he could get some sort of explanation as to what was happening. Did Sam somehow get a hold of Jack? If so why didn't he tell Dean? Dean groaned and rolled over in his bed, staring at the other lamp on the other side of the bed. The lamp that Castiel used when they would read silently together or watch a movie. Dean rubbed the empty side of the bed and smiled. It was so obvious wasn't it? It was so obvious to everyone but himself. And he hated how blind he was. He hated himself as the tears spilled from his eyes as he stared at the empty bed, the turned off lamp, and everything else that reminded him of Cas in his own bedroom. He was in love with his best friend, Castiel, and he couldn't do anything to get him back.
It was hard to tell. Castiel had never dealt with seizures before, but he couldn't tell what Dean was going through. It was very possible that he could have developed seizures during the time he was being held captive, as his brain had suffered enough damage to go through that. But if that was a seizure, then why would it occur after he and Jack had fixed his brain. Did they happen to miss a spot?
"Well, not exactly." Sam replied. "Listen Dean. I can't get into detail about this but you need to get back on your feet. Please." Sam pleaded. Dean's eyebrows squinted in confusion and he slightly tilted his head.
He searched for Dean's soul, but it wasn't there. Upon this realization, Jack started panicking. If the soul had gone up to Heaven, then he would've felt it. But it hadn't. So where was his soul now?
The old and creaky bed rattled and shuddered under the weight of the three grown men. An overhead light bounced up and down as the room jostled. A small and wet-looking picture frame fell to the carpeted ground, landing silently. Grunts of exertion and pleasure echoed throughout the sparse room. A crappy little camera lay nestled in the corner, supported by a thin tripod and hooked up to a dingy laptop, which was livestreaming to PornHub Gay.
Sam rushed forward and tried to grab his choking brother, but his hands passed through. He groaned and pulled at his hair in a death grip. How the fuck was Dean having a panic attack? He had never had one before so what the fuck had happened now? Were his abandonment issues so severe that he had developed an anxiety and panic disorder? What the actual fuck? Why did Dean have to hide everything about himself?
Dean made a promise to himself. He would return. Even if he was fucked up in the head, he would somehow make it out. After all, he had to see Cas again and ask how the fuck he was still alive.
Some time later, the Bunker's front door barged open and Jack and Sam came in, towing large grocery bags.
Castiel nodded and gently took Jack's hands into Dean's calloused ones. The feeling was oh, so strange. The once strong and handsome fingers were now taunt and thin. They had no strength to them, as if a gust of wind could easily break the bones inside. He would have to be extremely careful to not put any sort of physical exertion on Dean's broken body.
"Yes I know. I wouldn't ask if we weren't desperate, but we are. Please Jack. Just a little bit." Castiel begged.
But as soon as he said those words, his green eyes shifted to Castiel's still form, trenchcoat, tie, and all. He tried to open his mouth and form words, but only stutters of shock escaped. Cas?
Sam made a quick mental note to never let Dean's soul leave his body. That is, if he ever returned to them.
Jack took Castiel's response as an indication of him to start. He took a deep breath and started with the most burning question he had.
Sam straightened up and Cas pulled his blade out. They all ran over to Dean and Jack. All of them were very shaken up by Boian's speech, but they needed to get back to the Bunker. Castiel nodded towards Jack, unfurled his wings, and zapped all of them back.
And so Dean was forced to fall back into the darkness, but he couldn't have had the satisfaction of having Castiel. Even for just one night.
Now the three of them were standing at the foot of Dean's bed again, waiting for him to either wake up or remain like this forever. Even Jack couldn't tell what was going on inside of his head.
Sam had wanted to ask what had happened while they were gone, and why Dean and Cas were so close to each other, but he thought against it. Something had happened and they had obviously shared an intimate moment. He didn't want to break the fragile relationship, especially that they needed each other now more than ever. Logically he guessed that they had kissed or something. It was about damn time.
The three of them were hurled back into the main darkness. They stood there for a long time, trying to process what they had just witnessed. Dean? Panic attacks? Dean Winchester suffering from something as horrific as anxiety? Why hadn't they noticed sooner?
He continued to stare as more questions arose inside his head. Everytime he tried to remember something, all he pulled up was a black slate of nothing and fuzziness coupled with static images. Nothing he did gained any sort of recollection towards what had happened. No one would even tell him how long he was out of it. It could have been a week, it could have a month, hell it could've been a year and he had no idea.
To be honest, he just needed an excuse to get out. Take a drive. Take his mind off of life. Ohio was hours away, and a road trip sounded enticing.
But it left him puzzled as to how he woke up. Someone had prayed to him, someone in such grief that it had enough power to wake him up. Immediately, his mind went to the Winchester brothers and Jack.
After cutting the hair and repeating the same process as he did with the thread, Sam stood awkwardly by Jack and Castiel, who were still concentrating immensely on Dean. He nervously fiddled in the corner.
Castiel approached and ran his hands over the black exterior. He too missed the vehicle. It seemed that the majority of drama in his life happened in this small space. Heated arguments, thoughtful conversations, heartfelt apologies... Many words had been said in this space.
He did though. Remember when he left you to go off to prissy college? He left you behind with dad to continue your life without him because he didn't care. He doesn't care. He didn't care when he left you. He didn't care when dad hit you. He didn't care when he walked out of that door and you begged him to stay. He's never cared about you Dean. Just accept it.
I'm so so so s o o o ooo sorry the chapters are like not coming as often as I'd like and for the fact that this one is so late that my dad returned with the milk. A good friend of mine got into a fatal accident a month ago and I just really couldn't focus on writing. But they're fine now and everything's going smoothly regarding their health and recovery.
A haunting sound that he had hoped to hear one day. He, Jack, and Eileen were silently seated at the map table, poring over research about angels, demons, reapers, Death, and anything else relating to The Empty, all of them needing to get Cas and Dean back. This was pretty much their only routine they had been desperately trying to do ever since that drastic day 8 months ago. 8 months ago when Castiel was presumed dead and Dean ran away. 8 months with nothing but a few cases here and there and desperate spells, rituals, and just about anything else on the Earth trying to track down a dead angel and an AWOL hunter.
And with this Jack relayed everything that had happened since Castiel was taken. From the entire Earth being poofed out of existence, to Lucifer and Michael and Michael's ultimate betrayal, and finally how he absorbed God's power. Then he described the feeling of destruction in his own mind and how he needed to seal away all of his powers before he acted on them.
Jack listened as the heavy footsteps of the angel slowly faded away. His gaze shifted towards Dean and he sat down on the warm chair where Castiel had been. He stared at the man's unmoving figure and let his own thoughts flow freely.
"I need you, Cas. I need your help and I have no idea why I'm like this, but I know that I need you to help me. It's pretty obvious that something damn bad happened, even if I don't know. So I'm gonna need everything from the beginning, probably starting as to what happened with Billie."
Ever since that disaster of a love confession, and the turmoil that had followed, Dean's mindset was not in the right place. First of all, even after so much that he, Cas, and Sam had gone through, the end for Cas was just to be taken by some black slimy goo and just be a little bitch for The Empty. That was just plain wrong. Dean had realized this upon much self reflection. These past weeks had been ample time for him to process his feelings, and realize just how much Cas meant to he and Sam. Cas had been with them for years. In a way, Cas had watched Sam and Dean grow into the people they were today. Cas was with them through so much, and asked for so little in return. Sure, the little fucker had made a ton of mistakes that had dearly cost everyone, and he had been a dumbass for the majority of his life on earth, but that was Cas's charm. It was him. Everyone makes mistakes, even angels of The Lord. And even if he made more mistakes than others, those mistakes were made in the best interest of everyone. Cas never had any ill intentions when he made these decisions. Dean had just been too headstrong to see what was happening behind the layers. He now realized that he had hurt Cas so many times over the years, and never once had he uttered a word of apology. Even after The Rupture, Dean still hadn't made up to Cas, all that happened was some marriage counseling bullshit and then they were fine again.
Sam shrugged his shoulders and rapped his long fingers on the table. Ohio was quite a ways away, but it wouldn't hurt to check it out. Besides, not gonna lie, it was getting kinda stuffy. Sure, it was time for a well-needed break, and it was very fun and relaxing, but Sam needed to get out and do something. He felt antsy at times with nothing to do, and with the everlasting burden of Dean on his mind, well. He just needed a quiet distraction from their present situation. This was their only lead for a case in a while, so it wouldn't hurt to check out.
"We came to a consensus. I would possess his body and help him recover externally while he would rest and focus on healing internally."
Castiel was then seized with panic and he set his fingers to Dean's forehead, pouring grace into them and watching as Dean's panicked eyes finally relaxed and he stopped moving.
Dean continued to sip on the chicken broth Sam had bought. It definitely wasn't a burger, but he knew better than to stuff greasy food into a malnourished body. Besides, the stock was well seasoned with salt so it didn't taste too bad. And coupled with the saltine crackers? This could've been a gourmet meal it was that good.
Castiel tore his gaze from the shadows swimming above them to look at Sam and Jack, whose faces were still stuck in the sky.
He wasn't entirely wrong. Castiel easily dodged and sidestepped the vampire's movements. It was the biggest of the bunch and thus the slowest. Castiel extended his palm and was about to finish the job when it hit again. He let out a cry of pain and fell to his knees. An ear-splitting headache hit him again, at the worst moment possible. He gripped his head and grit his teeth at his vulnerability. Why was this happening? Was it Dean trying to wake up? A scream escaped his mouth as he bent over, immobilized by the sheer pain of his head.
Castiel exited the kitchen, bringing out a tall pitcher of lemonade and another of ice cold water. He looked quizically at Sam, not wondering what the problem was.
Sorry for longer chapter that's mostly filler! But I think it fit in well to the overall theme of Dean being a chaotic depressed bean so I'm keeping it in. Much love my fellow destihellers who can't escape this goddamn show <3333
Dean grabbed his head as he started to shake with the stress of remembrance. But he held on. He had to.
Well now all those points would be thrown out the window. Dean was gone now. For 8 months at that. Castiel glared at Sam, but he knew in his heart that even if Sam knew that Dean was going to go missing, despite Sam's protests and attempts to stop him, Dean would have gone anyway. If Dean wanted something, he would go to the ends of the Earth to find it. Cas hated that side of Dean, but again, it was his childish side. The side of him that was never allowed to grow up.
"But Cas you aren't useless. You're literally always there for us through the thick and thin. Hell, you're helping right now by being here for Dean. You've always been there for us, and while Dean and I don't say it all the time, we appreciate it." Sam said thoughtfully.
They arrived at the spacious garage and Sam inspected the numerous vehicles that inhabited the closeted space. He dearly missed the Impala, but it was gone with no way of getting it back. For now, he would just pick out a spacious, vintage car and have them travel in it. He was just about to pick out a vintage Cadillac before Jack stopped him.
"Its face was one of annoyance and desperation. It asked why I was awake again after it had JUST finished putting the rest of the angels and demons to sleep after Jack woke everyone up. To which I said I need to go back and find everyone. Then it tried to put me back to sleep, but I resisted." Cas paused for a moment and pricked his thoughts, trying his hardest to remember what had happened in that miserable plane of existence.
And the children? They had been kidnapped and whisked off somewhere unknown. Castiel and Jack read through the gritty story with grim faces. Was this their type of thing or just a sadistic murderer?
"What's up Space Cowboy?" He asked with that familiar smirk and the way his eyes lit up and the way his eyes crinkle when he smiles and- Castiel just stared at him in shock.
Upon seeing Dean in such a submissive and pitiable state, John sighed in anger. He stepped on his son's unmoving body and growled harsh words in his ear.
Well, it was now or never. If he hesitated too long, then he would probably say no later on and regret that.
But before Cas could finish his sentence, Dean sat up and grabbed Castiel's face. Then his lips crashed into his and Dean fell on top of him and they toppled to the floor. The hunter's arms wrapped around the angel's shoulders as they were locked together in a passionate kiss.
"Thanks bud. I have no idea why you're giving me the silent treatment, but just know that I'm not mad at you at all. I'm sure you think that somehow I'm incredibly pissed, which to be honest, is normal for me. But I'm not. So you can keep being mad and silent all you want, but you don't have to be because I'm not mad."
Sam rushed over and held Castiel/Dean's face in his hands. A giant knot was forming where he was punched, and his neck was bleeding profusely.
They were plunged back into the darkness. After watching Dean spiral into a deep depression after Castiel and Mary's previous deaths, the three of them were just about ready to give up, but a thought hit Castiel. With a little vigor, he continued to sift through Dean's memories until he came across the second most recent traumatic one. Watching Castiel being taken and not being able to do or say anything. Cas gulped and headed towards it, but he thought of something. Would Dean want this? Would Dean want Castiel poking around his head and revealing his deepest, darkest secrets to everyone? Cas pondered on this for a moment but thought better of it. They were already at the point of no return. Dean would complain, but this was the only way they could fix him.
And then they evolved. They shaped and morphed into the truest regrets that he had harbored ever since he raised Dean from perdition. Abandoning Heaven. Working with demons, namely Crowley. Killing other angels, his brothers. Hurting the Winchester brothers. He had so, so many regrets that he couldn't name them all even if he wanted to. It was these regrets that had hurt his grace over all these years. Everything he had ever done had weighed down so much on his mind.
"My name is Castiel, and you're Sam Winchester. You're in love with Eileen Leahy and Jack is my surrogate son." There was a slight pause before he continued, "Dean loves old western films and one time he made me watch "Tombstone" with him. It was an enjoyable movie, just historically inaccurate."
That's not what Sam is. Sam is his brother. Sam loves him. Sam just wanted a happy life away from hunting, which he deserved. No one deserves the hunting life. Sam threw away everything to be with his brother. Sam didn't leave him. Sam is here to stay forever.
Sam stared at the same spot Castiel had punched earlier and wanted to punch it too. Why was Dean like this? He was always hiding his pain and torment from everyone else.
After Castiel had called them over to eat, the three other residents were absolutely baffled at the cuisine Castiel had procured. Sam especially, as he had rarely seen Cas even set foot into the kitchen, nevertheless cook. Apparently though, he had gotten practice somewhere, and now he could cook almost flawlessly, as shown by the delicious spread set before them.
Besides, Castiel was dead. Unless he miraculously came back from The Empty somehow, the love of his life was dead. He had seen with his own two eyes the black tendrils reaching through and pulling him in. He was dead.
The other angels parted as Dean led Castiel to the rift. Some were trying to get through, but The Shadow was blocking the way. It had manifested in the form of Dean and spoke with a jolly Boston accent.
Sure, he had his wings back, but in all honesty he was burning through his finite amount of grace at an exponential pace. When he returned from The Empty, he wasn't at his full power, and healing Dean drained him of nearly everything he had. He was using the little that remained to focus on healing Dean's body. So basically, without the wordplay, he was far from being at full power.
He could eat food now. An angel could now actually enjoy the taste and texture of human food, something that he normally couldn't even dream of.
In a nutshell, he and Cas needed each other. Cas had professed his love to Dean, and Dean, oblivious to even the smallest forms of affection, had wasted his chance. When Cas was being taken by The Empty, all he could do was watch and utter out a few words to his angel. And then after he was taken, all he could do was sit down and cry because of his stupidity and failure to recognize the situation. He should have acted. He should have done something except stand there like a dumbass. But what could he do? His best friend was being taken to be killed, all while confessing. Dean's mind had been a massive jumble of how to save Cas, how to react to this, what was happening to Sam and Jack, how could they get Billie to die, and Cas's deal that he made with The Empty? There was just so much to process at that moment that Dean couldn't do anything but just merely attempt to process anything.
more then maybe Dean wouldn't have left. Or he wouldn't have gotten kidnapped. Or just something else could have happened other than this. If only he had asked Jack to use his powers sooner or just summoned another angel or...
"If you don't mind, I would like to stay here. I would go, but I would like to do more research. Besides, I don't know Dean that well. I think he would be happier seeing all of you."
"We can't lost hope though. He's relatively stable now. I will do my best to nourish his body and improve his external health while I'm in possession of his body. You and Sam have done all you can for the moment. Now, I'm the one that has to do the rest."
Working on revising everything! Chaps 1-4 should be somewhat readable now that I'm finally a little bit sober and can coherently write (not really it's still shitty writing because I actually have the brain cell of a wet carrot but at least it gets the point across)
To be honest, Castiel had never felt so safe in his life. Here he was, no threat of angelic attacks or random Winchester accusations in sight, but instead two beefy hunks who were giving him everything he had ever wanted. What had started as a drunken triad between the three attractive dudes had quickly evolved into a boiling hot and messy threesome of wet makeouts and the sounds of slapping skin.
"You're not fine! You're the exact opposite of fine! You almost died and you're saying don't worry about it. How do you expect us to do that?"
Then that evolved into the heartbeats. They were too loud, erratic. They beat in his eardrums like gunshots. Dean covered his ears, trying to dull out the sound, but it was his own heart. He couldn't stop it.
"It finally relented and I found myself in Kansas City. I also had my wings back, which was a surprise, but a welcome one nonetheless."
That's what the memories did. They flooded his brain and overwhelmed and destroyed everything he had carefully built up in the short time period since he was awake.
Dean let out a low groan as he awoke from his slumber. He stretched while his back creaked and popped and his hands clenched. He looked up at his three friends and squinted his eyes as he processed the situation. Upon remembering a few of the things that had just happened, and feeling the rushing intensity of a hangover-like feeling, he let out another groan.
Sam poignantly recalled these points as they talked in hushed voices amongst themselves. Castiel offered some of his own thoughts as well as Jack, but they couldn't figure out why or how Dean was in that state of mind, and they certainly had no idea to relay the news of everything that had happened to him.
A sharp pulling in his own mind. A very sharp pang that had malicious intent. A pull that wanted him to snap his fingers and erase everything. It was God's power. It was God's consciousness telling him to just get rid of everything and start anew - write a new draft. Throw out the old.
EDIT: OMFG THE SCRIPTS!!!!!!!! the scripts-? THE SCRIPTS! DEAN IS STILL BEAUTIFUL AND I HAVE BEEN SENT INTO SPACE I CAN'T HANDLE THIS CASTIEL THINKS DEAN IS BEAUTIFUL I CAN"T b RE A THE
"He's here. He's definitely here. But his soul is so faint that it's almost impossible to detect." He breathed out. Castiel and Sam's faces grimaced in concern and they split up to try to find Dean Winchester. Castiel tried his damndest to detect the beautiful soul he knew so well, but he was virtually useless because he couldn't find anything. You'd think that their Profound Bond would pull them together, but Dean's soul was so faint and almost nonexistent that even Castiel couldn't detect it. It took Jack's God power to find it. That was bad.
Me? Writing this and watching the 36 minute Destiel video at the same time while chewing my nails off? More likely than you think.
The urge to do so was oh so very tempting. How easy it would be to just start a new universe - one where everyone was happy and no monsters or hunters or anything that could cause misfortune could happen. A universe where Sam and Dean Winchester don't exist-
And sorry if Dean isn't written well I have trouble with dialogue so sometimes it sounds too static and less flowy as a real person would talk. Just blame my writing class for making me write poetry for a year instead of dialogue
But Heaven nor Hell hath no fury like a pissed off angel that happens to be Castiel. Sam's there too. Castiel easily grabbed Gwynth by the hair and growled at her.
"Alright then, if that's settled, then I suggest we leave tomorrow morning. We got a long road trip ahead of us, so get your guns and clothes ready and we'll get on the road after breakfast."
"Do you think he's around here?" Sam finally asked. "Jack, could you please use just a little bit more power. Just a little. I know that's a lot to ask, but we need you. Just see if he's around here." Jack nods his head and does the same thing he did with the Impala, but this time he envisions Dean. It's harder to imagine Dean because he changes all the time, but if Jack could get a faint glimpse of Dean's soul, just a glimmer...
Sam sighed in exasperation. He understood where Jack was coming from, but he couldn't stand to see his brother suffering so. He also hated the helpless feeling that had settled in from the past three days. He needed to do something to help ease Dean's pain, even if just a little.
They smiled at each other and were about to pull each other into another kiss when they heard the familiar sound of Sam clearing his throat. Dean glared daggers but Sam just smiled and pulled Eileen and Jack to his sides.
I have a lot of homework and it's 1 am but I'm really invested in this so yeah I'm really sorry if it's poorly written
He felt the slick feeling of sticks and metal as they slid into his body, pushing through internal organs and muscles
Domestic Bunker life except Dean isn't there except he is it's just his body but he's not there there like it's not him it's actually Castiel in his body instead. What?
Over and over like a montage. A montage of Dean making his first sawed off shotgun. Another scene passed by in a blur. Dean getting bored and leaving Sam alone and then returning to find Shtriga feeding on him and John returning to cradle Sam in his arms and make Dean feel even more guilt than he already had upon himself. And Sam and John arguing about the hunting life and wanting a home while Dean watched and wanted to crawl into a hole and wish it all away. Then the scene passed with Dean giving up food to give to Sam and then Dean tried some of dad's beer and then an older Dean stealing peanut butter and jelly after betting all their food money away and sneaking off to a club to feel welcomed into society and...
"Oh, you're going to get him back eh? Because he's your "responsibility." What a joke you all are. Why don't you just leave too, you filthy parasite. You know you want to, so just take your stuff and get the fuck out of my sight!"
Castiel had literally never felt anything like this in his entire lifetime of existence. The dick in his ass filled him to the brim, brushing against all the walls of his asscave and hitting his prostate with each thrust. Unimaginable pleasure.
As if to prove his point, he unfurled his jet black wings. Jack watched in awe as the long feathers glistened under the light. Unfortunately, Sam nor Eileen could see their splendor.
And there it was. It barely brushed his fingers, but he could feel it. The warmth of the sun was on his fingertips and it was so, so comforting. It was the only happy thing that had happened to him in forever. But it was there. A bright light that he could feel.
ask you. I'm so glad you're here. Of course I'm glad. I'm so happy that you and Dean are alive and that we're all together again, er, kinda. But I can't help it that I still have questions. Questions that only you can answer."
Sam nodded and left everything on the table in case the two of them would need any supplies, even though they wouldn't. Sam then made his way to the main room and sat down at the table, exhausted.
They had broken apart long enough to quickly exit the bar and rent a room at the nearest hotel. Flushed faces met the confused hotel staff, but the pleading looks made the poor staff relent and give the three of them a room far away from the other guests. And with good reason.
"So how do we get him back?" Sam asked, ready to give up his own soul if it meant getting Dean back.
After that, one thing led to another. A silent unanimous agreement was made between Man #1 and Man #2 that they had to get this twinky beauty between the two of them. And so while Castiel was basically ripping off his undergarments, Man #1 flung the angel onto the bed and started eating out the most delicious asshole he had ever tasted in his life.
Dean had never mentioned anything like this at all. He carried it with him all his life and didn't complain a single bit. Not to Sam or Castiel. To nobody but himself.
"No. No, dad. I'm sorry I was mad I'm sorry I didn't mean to push him away I just was angry because he doesn't know what it was like down there and-"
At this realization, Sam relaxed and continued digging into the heaping pile of potato salad on his plate. Whatever Dean had taught Cas, it sure was paying off. All of the food he had prepared was absolutely delicious.
He opened his mouth to respond, offer some sort of words of encouragement, but before he could the door to the kitchen opened and Sam's hairy head poked through.
Dean is still emotionally constipated despite literally being *this* close to ascending to Heaven and still won't use his GODDAMN WORDS LIKE A BIG DUMB
He needed Cas. He needed Cas every moment he was awake and every moment he was asleep. He needed Cas by his side when they drove or ate together or just talked friendly. He needed Cas in every moment of his miserable life. He needed Cas because he loved him.
"Let me in Dean. I can help you with your mental trauma. Like what you did with Sam and Gadreel. Except this time, you don't have to hide it from anyone and I will actually help you. I can help you Dean. You just have to let me help."
"I'll explain later. But we need to go to that place now. I've wanted to avoid it, but it's inevitable." Castiel quietly said.
But he wasn't useless. He could still fight. He could help to the best of his ability. He had to prove that he was more than just his grace. He had to prove it not to just Sam and Dean, but also to himself.
Intense terror filled every part of him. Terror that was unlike a terror he had ever felt before. It was hard to describe it, but he was so goddamn terrified of
He closed his eyes and mentally pictured a dam opening and letting water flood in. Water flooding in and drowning everything that it touched. Rushing water that destroyed everything it touched and washing away everything in its path with no regard for anyone's safety. Water that was cruel and uncaring, but at the same time not having a consciousness that could feel emotions. It was just there and it had its purpose. To wash away everything.
Sam pondered for a moment then suggested against the four of them all going to the crime scene, as that would look a tad bit unusual. After an intense round of rock-paper-scissors, it was decided that Sam and Castiel would check it out and leave Eileen and Jack alone to do some research based on what they found.
In his mind, he recreated the Ma'lak box and shoved the trauma, fear, pain, and other ungodly emotions into it. It was the best he could do without outside intervention. But he was very confident that it would hold. He would force himself if it came to it. Just like Michael. He shuddered as he remembered the feeling of helplessness as Michael violated his body.
I deeply apologize if this chapter happens to be inaccurate or offensive in any way. I described mental disorders not to make fun of them, but to show the way Dean's trauma has affected him. If you have any problems or inaccuracies that you would like to point out, please do. I do not wish to harm anyone with works of fiction, so please tell me if you have any problems. Much love as always <3
Dean's long, scarred, and scrawny fingers were covered in pink meat and onions. Castiel had obviously experienced cooking before, most likely learning from Dean himself. Jack could vividly envision the two of them standing in the kitchen together, close enough to be helpful towards each other but barely far enough so that the other wouldn't think the latter was trying to get closer out of fear of rejection and thus ensuing awkwardness...
He knew that Dean was looking for answers from him. He knew that Dean was getting pissed off. He knew all of it. But he just couldn't risk triggering something that Dean's soul might have holed off. His soul was still there, but something was off. Castiel could definitely feel it. They were treading on light ground, and any sort of mistake could set off something dastardly.
Present Castiel stood infront of Dean as he watched his best friend down his fifth bottle of beer in one night. He wanted so desperately to bring his hands up to Dean's face and hold it tight, never wanting to let go. But when he reached out, his hands merely phased through.
They faintly smiled at each other. Dean's thoughts whirred as he thought of what he could do. He no longer felt angry at the suggestion, but instead he now felt like it could actually work. Well, even if it didn't, he still thought the idea of Castiel inside his body was fucking
Sam brought his legs to his chest and let his vulnerabilities spill out in oceanic waves. Jack crouched next to him and offered condolences. Even though the nephilim had never seen nor experienced any of Dean's abusive past, he still knew how much they impacted Dean's mental health as well as Sam's. Both the Winchester brothers had so much trauma built up inside of them. It just happened to be Dean that had gotten kidnapped. If the two had switched positions, Sam would definitely have been in Dean's exact position. It just happened to be Castiel who who been taken by The Empty, which sent Dean into his sullen depression.
Castiel nervously shuffled and refused to make eye contact. Dean looked confusingly at him, but Cas continued to awkwardly avoid interaction.
And when it seemed like it couldn't get any worse, it did. John raised his hands and brought them down.
