“Dean,” Castiel kneels down, “Are you alright?” His eyes roam over Dean, looking for any sign of injury.
“Yes.”
That ain’t happening tonight so Dean walks over to grab his cane by the front door.
Dean’s a lot of things but he’s not stupid. He could see this coming. An old abandoned bunker isn’t any place for newlyweds. It’s not a place to build a life. Sam and Eileen have plans. They  want to set up some kind of hunter network.
“The inner machinations of his mind are an enigma” is a slightly altered quote from the Spongebob Squarepants episode “The Secret Box"
Cas takes his phone back, slumping into the chair at the kitchen island. “I presume you talked to Jack. We’re well into our forties and my brother still has a shocking lack of boundaries.”
supposed to mean?”
It’s monsoon season in Arizona but when the skies are clear the stargazing is out of this world. He’s got an angel intensely watching over him this time. Cas knows every constellation and spends many nights with Dean on top of the camper, naming each one.
Dean should point out that driving in the other direction isn’t a huge change of pace but he doesn’t. He’ll drive his husband anywhere. Hell, he might consider getting on a plane. Everyday is an adventure with Cas, no matter where they are.
“You’ve met angels Dean. Is it truly so surprising that some of us would want to leave.”
Eventually Cas pulls away, putting his hands around Jack’s face. “I am so glad to finally see you again. How were finals? Did you maintain your sleep schedule? How are your vitamin levels?”
“Cas,” Dean pants, “M’ gonna come.” He rocks against Cas’s hips, once, twice, three times before his cock throbs, spilling hot and wet across his hand and stomach.
Dean won’t argue with that. “Ditto sunshine.”
“Sammy, what the hell?” Dean yells, “You're gonna scare one of the guests with that thing out. Put it away.”
“Antlers are the fastest growing bone tissue of any mammal.”
“It’s been there since May.”
“Dean, you are my partner. This decision will affect both of us. I didn’t think it would be possible for me to take up writing as a profession. My publications are for a niche audience but your brother has generously offered to fund my work through an endowment,” Cas explains.
“Yeah,” Dean grunts. “Been a long time though. Like twenty years.” The doc doesn't need to know the details of those dreams.
Cas’s favorite burger toppings were PB & J. It’s been right there the whole time. Jesus fucking Christ.
Fuck. Did Cas think Dean doesn’t want to stay there because of Jack?
“Cas, buddy, pal. You made a deal with the Empty, failed to mention it, said you loved me and then died. It’s a lot for one guy. Everytime I try to talk to you, I freeze up. I have been trying but I need to do better by you. I want this. I want you. I love you so much, you complete dumbass. I want you to stay. I want to raise Jack with you. I want...” Dean can’t finish.
“I’m right here you two. Right here,” Dean huffs, melting back into the seat.
“Not my thing,” he forces out.
Sounds biblical. Dean doesn’t bother to ask.
“I saw him. He barely said hello before running away. I don’t know how you got the impression he was interested in my return,” Cas explains, trying to keep his voice even.
Dr. Mills leans over to grab her clipboard, “Souls need to be in the right mindset to manifest. You may have been feeling vulnerable due to recent events. I would speculate Cas’s soul could sense this and that connection served as the catalyst. It’s a physical manifestation of your bond.”
Once in undergrad, Cas overslept during finals week. He woke up ten minutes before the test started. He never felt such an acute mix of panic and adrenaline as he sprinted out of his dorm.
“What is the matter you wished to discuss Jack?” Cas inquiries, glancing at Dean.
“This property once belonged to the Kline family. Kelly told me her father was not fond of visitors. I kept them so as to not raise suspicions. Meg tells me I stand out enough already,” Cas says, as they motor up the long unpaved driveway.
The kids finally make it on the plane by the time they’re almost at the bottom of the list. Dean really really hopes Gabriel made name tags for everyone. Human and beast. Too many cats to keep straight.
Cas closes his eyes to go back to sleep. Dean knows he understands.
The farm looks very different than it did when Dean left. The workshop has been retrofitted as an office and classroom. Sam demands Dean call it a learning space. Whatever the hell that means.
I’d kick their ass for even asking for well-done.”
“It’s 90% Anna,” Claire clarifies, “It’s like when we were kids and Dad would take a fuckton of supplies for any possibility.”
Cas leans over to take Dean’s free hand in his own. “Your brother and sister-in-law are lovely people. I’m honored to be part of this family.”
Meg doesn’t even look her way. “Jesus. Calm down. I’m working on it. Anyway, the last few days have been fuckin’ hectic. I’m pretty sure Cas has blown out every light bulb we have.”
Cas sighs. He grabs the whole wheat loaf and continues shopping. Maybe this whole thing was a bad idea.
Dr. Mills pats him on the hand, “I know.”
“Man, that old fart was taking forever,” the kid says, sliding two six-packs across the counter. Cas doesn’t respond to the comment. Cas gives a polite smile and motions to the sticker on the counter that reads in big bold font,
“You’ve got a kid. I saw the pictures. There are a lot of pictures,” Dean says. Angels don’t have children. Do they?
“Only one angel has ever fallen. Some have left Heaven over the millennia.” Castiel says, taking a sip of coffee.
The car falls into a gentle silence. Jack opens the glovebox and picks out a cassette. “1979’s greatest hits that we all agree on” plays them the rest of the way home.
Cas reconsiders his earlier stance. Maybe coming back home was the best idea he has ever had.
Dean looks at Castiel. Apparently that’s not a concern. It isn’t for Dean either if he’s being honest with himself.
“Okay.”
“Cas, it’s just a stupid horror movie. It ain’t that deep,” Dean mutters.
“We’re already married,” Dean tells Sam. “Just got it done at the courthouse.”
Dean turns the stove to medium heat. “That’s my boy. And if you don’t have a grinder?”
If Dean could run, he would but he just stands there, frozen in place. Maybe Mom was wrong.
“Perhaps,” Cas says, scowling at his beer but taking another sip. It’s good to see he’s adjusting to Dean’s lifestyle quickly.
It’s dumping outside when Dean wakes. North Cove “only” got roughly fifteen days of precipitation in June. Dean had worked a few cases in Seattle over the years. The rain thing seemed a little over exaggerated. Sure, it drizzled a lot but it was overcast more than anything.
So it shouldn’t surprise anyone that Dean is a horrible guest. He pokes at Castiel. Surely the angel will snap. Give Dean an opening.
Dean will not break. “I’ve got what I need.”
It’s drizzling by the time they reach North Cove. Well, around North Cove. Dean had imagined Cas lived in some quiet seaside cottage. It was the kind of thing he could see Cas going for.
“I saw you were exploring parts of yourself and that you found commonality in my experiences.”
Michael looks Dean over. “It would seem my brother intends to take you as his husband. I assume I cannot dissuade Castiel from this path," Michael says.
“Are you comfortable?”
“Is this real? Dean?” Cas asks, breathless from the force of the hug. Dean hugs him tighter.
?” Sam says, gesturing around the quaint kitchen. “I thought I had to come rescue you from your own stupidity.”
Sam might know but Dean doesn’t want to tell him. Cas isn’t a mark they’re hunting. He’s Cas.
Once the dessert has been retrieved, Dean starts reviewing his options.
Sam moves to get out of the car. “It’s all over your face. You gotta stop freaking out every time shit happens.”
Dean thinks. What is an angel without the light of creation? An empty vessel. Some sacred dust, left to wonder.
“Yes, Catstiel,” Dean smirks.
Jack notices Dean and scrambles in his uncle’s arms, holding out his own in a request to be picked up.
Bobby was overjoyed to see Dean and Sam. He offered Dean a job at his garage despite his lack of formal qualifications. Dean knew his way around cars though, he’d been fixing them his entire life.
“And you! Dean Winchester. Here is your pet. Are you happy? Good riddance.” With that the Empty withdraws back into a portal in the wall.
Sam is married. With any luck, Dean will be too. It’s a difficult adjustment but it’s been going on for a while. They’ve got their own lives. It will be okay. Most of the classes at the Leahy Institute of Supernatural Learning are online anyway.
Dean definitely notices the little shiver that runs through Cas. He puts the tupperware in his bag and hands it to Dean. It’s surprisingly heavy. “I brought you bananas for Sam. I saved the only good bunch for him. There are several cans of pie filling in there for you as well.”
He decides to stop by the one grocery store in town and pick up some supplies before heading to the farm. The place hasn’t changed much from when Cas was a child.
Castiel stands and walks over to a pegboard, grabbing a key off it. He hands it to Dean. “You’re welcome to stay here until you do find what you want.”
“Big Jay! I swear to god,” Gabriel calls again. This time it’s closer. Dean can see him now, Anna and Balthazar run frantically behind him.
Sam bursts in, shotgun at the ready.
“Words, Dean. Use your words.” Charlie instructs. She keeps glancing at Dean’s churro but that’s a bridge too far.
Well, that list isn’t entirely accurate.
“I’ll be in my room if you have any need for me,” Cas growls as he stands.  No, not this time. Cas started it. He doesn’t get to walk away.
Cas is currently wrapped in Dean’s comforter like an angel burrito. Former-angel, now human burrito technically. He took a whole five seconds to make himself at home in Dean’s room.  Dean’s not too upset. Cas looks amazing in his old sweats and worn AC/DC t-shirt.
Eileen and Sam want to turn the bunker into some kind of hunter base. It sounds like a fun project. Dean takes a few cases but it’s getting old. He just saved the world yet again and he’s forty. His back hurts.
Even if he had any doubts, the outline of Lissuin sits in the middle. A brilliant, striking red.
He passes the time researching a new vehicle, only stopping when he hears the approaching sound of Baby’s engine. Dean gives him a wave as he pulls Baby up next to Jubilee.
That’s the entire problem. He can’t. Not in himself or his ability to not screw up his relationship with Cas. But he also can’t keep living like this. Cas will be an empty nester soon and they’re both not getting any younger. Nothing is stopping Cas from coming home one day with some sexy veterinarian and declaring he’s engaged or moving to a smaller house once Jack goes away to college. Dean can’t stand the thought of not seeing Cas every day.
Rufus scowls, “None of that son, not with the way you’ve helped out here. Is there anything I can do for you before you hit the road?”
Dean pauses. “Turn it over?”
Now Cas looks away, shifting on his feet. “You avoid me. I don’t like it Dean. I want to go back to the way things were. I know I make you uncomfortable but my feelings for you don’t change what we had. I miss being with you.”
It's not set to blow for another forty minutes but given the crowds Dean thinks his decision to get here early was correct. He’s stocked up on snacks before staking out a seat.
Meg rolls her eyes knowingly at Dean. He can’t help but wonder if those two had something. A past fling. A current fling.
He gets out of the car and walks towards the house, walking around the side to get to the backyard. The Novaks grew up on a farm. Old habits die hard, they practically got a menagerie out there. Most of it is taken up by Cas’s gardens and the chicken coop/duck house combo to be fair.
Cas has barely laid his head down before he's out cold. Dean should roll over and go back to sleep. He can’t help but look at Cas in the low light of the camper. Much like himself, Cas is showing his age. A little grey at his temples, lines etched across his face. He’s handsome all the same.
Dean sighs. “Sam, you know I love you and Eileen but I’m not staying here. I’m going back to Washington with Cas.”
“Why are you fuckers like this?” Dean cries, feeling the urge to bang his head on the table.
Dean rolls his eyes, “Fine. Why did you leave?”
“That was wonderful Dean. Thank you,” Cas finally says. His angel is such a dork. He’s the only person who ever thanked Dean for sex. He pulls Cas in for another kiss. Christ, he’s missed him so much.
Part of Dean is surprised Sammy decided to show at all. They had departed on bitter words. He’s glad Sam came for him. On the other hand, he just burst into Castiel’s house with a shotgun. Maybe he should review hunting basics with Sam. Shotguns aren’t useful against angels.
“Yes Dean. You are mine.”
“Umm, pulsating pain at the base of my noggin’, Going on for about six weeks. I gotta crap every five minutes. My shoulder started itching like hell pretty recently.”
“So what, are you losing your angel mojo?” Dean asks, tired of cosmic bullshit.
“You wanna see some rocks,” Dean asks. His guidebook had waxed poetic about the “rugged beauty” of the place and based on the pictures, it lived up to its name.
“Well turns out the client was a drama llama,” Claire replies as she rounds the corner into the master bedroom. “The terrifying vengeful spirit haunting their dumpy home turned out to be a lonely kid who didn’t know he was dead. I’d throw shit to if strangers came into my home and started trying to do farmhouse chic. He and Jody had a good talk before he went to the ghost beyond or whatever. Cut the hunt short though.”
“How's the robot coming?” Dean asks, changing the subject. Dean will gently inquire with Cas after he gets home from the clinic.
“Unicorn, you’re alive! I was beginning to think we’d have to change the name,” the woman declares, coming around to hug Cas. This is presumably Meg.
“You would be willing to do that?” Cas asks, demands to know really.
“I thought angels were good,” Dean can’t help but wonder.
Dean has been thinking. An idea came to him the week prior. It sounded ridiculous to Dean then but he can’t quite stop contemplating it.
He’ll find out tonight.
Dean surveys his options as he walks around town. His skill set isn’t exactly the kind of thing that fits neatly on a resume. He doesn’t know how well he’d fit in at a rock shop/tourist trap.
Sam looks to Eileen, “What is a Mimikyu?” He asks. Eileen shrugs. Dean’s seen her Switch. She’s gotta know but she’s not a traitor. Unlike Cas. Or she just has the good sense not to get involved.
He’s not even got a mark for fucks sake. Just a bad headache and an itchy shoulder.
The last customer finally leaves, allowing Dean to step up to the counter. He almost expects Cas to scowl but his angel beams.
Cas texted him to check in. He said he wasn’t feeling much better. It technically wasn’t a lie.
They’re an hour outside of Portland, heading up I-5. Dean’s been playing the best of AC/DC. Cas glances at the Spotify playlist now and again but doesn’t say anything. Since traveling out in the middle of nowhere, the traffic is driving Dean up the wall.
Dean is way too thrilled to shower in something with decent water pressure. When he comes out, Cas has changed into sweat pants and an oversized t-shirt. Cas is not a bad looking guy, but seeing him like this makes Dean’s mouth go dry.
Castiel returns with dessert. It’s apple pie. Dean’s favorite.
Dear god, he really is Mimikyu. He cannot be Mimikyu
Dean desperately tries to calm his thoughts. Cas has never given him any reason to doubt their relationship. It’s mostly that Dean is brimming with his own insecurities  And yet again…
“Fine. Fine. You might be an angel.” It feels weird to say. He’s been dicking around the west with an angel. He’s been sleeping with an angel. Next to an angel. What the hell is his life?
“And that second is Mimikyu.”
“Dean…” Sam tries. Dean knows that tone. It’s the one Sam uses when he thinks Dean is being stupid.
Cas squirts more sunscreen onto Dean. “Nora is interested in purchasing it from me. It was a pleasure to work there but I am ready to move on. I would like to focus on my writing. I don’t need to be here all year round now and traveling with you has been wonderful. What do you think?
“Dude, really?” Sam sounds incredulous. “I don’t even get to make a speech. I’ve had one planned for a while.”
“Humanity has ascribed many names to the embodiment of evil. In truth, Lucifer is a fallen archangel,” Cas replies, as if that helps.
“It was kinda ugly,” Dean counters.
Cas sleeps for the next twelve hours. Dean stays with him. Fading in and out of sleep, only getting up to eat and use the bathroom.
Cas has on his god awful convertible pants along with his favorite green pullover. So he’ll be hiking today. Dean might go if it’s short but more than a few miles in jeans is not fun.
“Hey Cas, grab the license plate. We can stick it on the camper fridge.”
“You gotta see it, sweetheart,” Dean says, barely more than a whisper. “You know how you read me Tolkein poetry when I’m sick? Cause you think it’s soothing. God, this is embarrassing but I know many by heart. Your mark. It’s more glorious than the sun.”
“And?” Dean prompts.
Dean doesn’t waste any more time. He sinks into Cas, shamelessly moaning at how hot and tight Cas feels around his bare cock. He doesn’t take it slow, withdrawing nearly all the way before slamming back in. Cas clings to him for dear life.
“I should go clarify some things with him,” Dean murmurs.
All he can do is pray everything works out.
“Tell me Dean,” Castiel grunts out, snapping his hips for emphasis. “I want to hear you say it.”
And Dean, well Dean had found Cas.
“Dean,
Dean had insisted Cas watch some actual films.
Dean hooks his chin over Cas’s shoulder. “Christ. You fuckin’ dork... I thought...it’s
Dean presses a kiss against Cas’s temple and kicks Sam under the table.
“My list of what Pokémon we’d each be.”
He doesn’t matter what he intended. He’d left Cas and Jack behind. Cas had it hard enough working full time, raising Jack, and living with his insufferable siblings. He is about to launch into Sam when Rufus appears from his cabin. “Boys,” he calls, “I cannot thank you enough.”
He doubts people will pay him much mind. One advantage of having nine other siblings is that everyone just kind of blurred together. All Cas has to say is “I’m Castiel Novak” and most people in town will nod politely, pretending they know which Novak he is or that they can distinguish him from one of his siblings. That was fine by Cas.
They don’t eat at the dining table when it’s the two of them, instead sitting together at the kitchen island. It’s close enough to bump knees and elbow each other as they talk.
The holy sight before him, the delicious friction against his cock, the sound of his soulmate moaning his name. “
“Part of the job,” she replies.
Cas gives in. He cannot resist anything about Dean. And he desires this familiar intimacy.
Sam’s eyebrows almost lift off his face, “Chicken run?”
“Yeah, Romeo, you should.”
“Yeah, I figured that much. What are you?” Dean hissed. He tried to put up a tough facade but the fear still was leaking through.
“Thanks, really needed to know about your sex life. When’s the big day? I’ll need to put in for time off at the firm.”
“I love you,” Dean says. It sounds right.
God, Cas was eighteen back then. It feels like a lifetime ago. Hell, Dean is probably married by now.
Dean sighs, “We’ve been over this. You need these skills to impress the ladies, umm, and also fellas, people, supernatural beings, angels. It’s just a good skill even if you’ve got awesome angel powers.”
“Yes, I have attempted to restart it in the usual manner. I fear that it is beyond even my powers to repair it,” Trench Coat tells Dean. Apparently intensely leering is the usual manner this weirdo does car repair.
Charlie shrugs, “We’re talking about Cas here. Love the little dork to death but the inner machinations of his mind are an enigma. We both witnessed people throw themselves at him and he doesn’t register it. I think the best course of action here is that you at least clarify with him what is going on between you too. It’s that or drool all over him until he notices.”
Instead of backpedaling, Dean’s brain decides that this is a great suggestion and plows fullspeed ahead. “I, uhh, don’t have any set plans. I was going to dick around Yellowstone for a while after Grand Tetons. We could head towards Washington after that. You were talking about a new phase in life and all. We could be travel buddies. The camper’s technically got another bed….” Dean stops. He doesn’t know what he’s proposing exactly.
“I used to work in one when Jack was first born. It seemed the most straightforward way to earn an income. I became very familiar with all their dietary offerings, unfortunately,” Cas says, with a disgusted expression. Dude’s not wrong.
Christ, that’s the entire problem. Dean hasn’t done anything but Cas keeps trying and Dean just keeps pushing him away. Is he really going to do this forever? He loves Cas. He wants Cas at his side but everytime Cas gets close, Dean gets scared shitless. A relationship would change everything. It’s easier to just carry on as before. So he lets his fear and frustration take over when Cas wants to talk about feelings.
Dean crosses off the “Mewtwo” next to his name. “I have no idea what you’re talking about. Jack likes Pokémon. I’m bonding with him. You know, father and son crap.”
Dean is kinda surprised his angel knows baseball metaphors but doesn’t press the issue. Cas is busy kissing him
Thank you to everyone who has taken the time to read this work, left a kudos, or commented. It means a lot. Happy trails!
Jack nods his head in agreement, “I’m afraid so. Thanks again, Dad.”
Cas was not above goading Dean, just to see him get swept up in passionate enthusiasm. As with the case with Balrogs. Dean nearly fell out of his chair when Cas declared Balrogs had wings. Dean vehemently insisted they did not. The two of them argued about it for hours. Well, years at this point. It still came up.
“Do not tell Colette I said this but this cruise already has enough animals aboard. It’s gonna be a zoo,” Dean says. “And the Milton family dinner. Dear God, Gabriel’s snake is probably thirty feet long at this rate.”
when he saw it
“My siblings saw fit to fix my faults. To make me perfect. I let them. I thought it necessary. I lost much of my memory during those procedures,” Cas finally says.
“Prove it.”
“Benny!” He jumps off the stool to embrace his old friend. Hell, it’s been years since he’s seen him. They met in a graveyard in Louisiana, both trying to take down the same rogue coven of vampires. Benny was certainly odd for a vampire. He didn’t hunt people. Last time he told Dean he was going to try to find others like him. It clicks. Of course a coven of murder free vampires would hang out in Mount Shasta. Similar vibes.
“Say bye to your Uncle Mike.” He forces out. Michael cannot stand when Dean uses the nickname, so he does it to rub salt in the wound. He deserves it after Jack started wearing Michael’s dumb, dumb hats around. Michael’s damn lucky the kid likes the newsies cap or he’d chuck it into the nearest dumpster.
Dean squirms in his recliner, “It’s a kid’s movie Cas. It’s not that deep. They needed some feel good crap to tell the kids.”
“Hey,” Dean begins, knocking on the open office door. He doesn’t know how to start this conversation so his brain decides to dive right in.
So when Sam tells Dean that they’re looking at buying some property, Dean isn’t surprised. He  goes out with Sam and Eileen to check it out. It’s a few acres of abandoned farmland. The house is big. Enough for a couple and plenty of guests. They repair the shabby workshop, set up a makeshift gun range, and dig a pit for Sam to test out his more explosive spells.
“Dean,” Cas whispers as the video starts. “I wanted to show you these.” He gestures to a cardboard box, below his head. “Guinea pig pups!” The video shuffles as Cas lowers his phone into the box. “The sow had a case of dystocia but Meg was able to get everyone delivered safe and sound. Aren’t they adorable?”
Castiel considered him, visibly confused. “There’s no need to be afraid,” Cas declared. “I saw into your mind. You recognized that I am an angel. It is understandable if you are confused because of this body. I’ve been incarnated in human form. As you can imagine, this limits my ability to use my grace.”
Dean shifts a little. He sleeps much better these days than he has in years, “Why did you let me barge into your office? You could have dealt with me the minute I rolled into town.”
The world stops spinning. Dean finally focuses on the innkeep. The fallen angel. The world seems to burn brilliantly at the edges of his wings.
,” Dean spits.
Cas rolls toward Dean, “Are you trying to convince Jack you’re Mewtwo? I think his list was fairly accurate.”
Cas sighs, “Dean, I know you don’t–”
“And the pellets,” Claire adds.
Dean makes out with him against the door of the Ford. For a man who has not had a reason to engage in this kind of stuff, Cas sure uses a lot of tongue.
Cas had seen many children's movies from a decade ago. Made sense. He’d watched every nature documentary in existence but hadn’t bothered with movies in a while. He’d told Dean that he encouraged Jack to develop his own preferences and to see movies with friends as typical children do. Sounds like something an alien would say.
Cas tugs at Dean’s chin, urging him to look up. “He understands.” Cas gently runs his hands through Dean’s hair.
“Whatever bitch. I’m going to go pick up my fiancé and we’re gonna have a lovely breakfast with our son.”
Maybe it wasn’t strawberry slushy Dean had seen on the ground but his brain, leaking out his ears if this conversion was anything to go by.
So Dean had leaned on every sorry-ass monster and small-time demon he could find. Tell
Dr. Mills keeps her tone professional, “Not exactly although nocturnal emissions can be part of prophetic dreams. I’m trying to determine if your Herophilus Gland has ever tried to manifest in the past.”
“Jack’s mother was human. His father was an angel. He is a nephilim. They are incredibly powerful beings.” There’s an edge to Cas’s voice when he says the last part.
They bring the dishes to the kitchen. Dean wants to ask Cas to come back to his room. He is getting tired of watching Cas sadly shuffle off to his room every night but how’s he supposed to say I want you with me but I don’t want to screw this up and I’m afraid I will.
“It is no trouble,” Cas answers. “You sound uncertain. Are you concerned?”
Dean wears his hair a tad longer these days. It’s fluffy, according to Jack.
Smack in the middle of the palm is the outline of a red tulip in full bloom.
“Cas, do we need a net over the chicken run?” Dean pleads. There standing around the chicken run. Or rather, the future sight of the chicken run. More like a chicken palace at this rate.
Dean has had a lot of time to think out here. Always dangerous. He could think about real issues. His growing attraction to Cas, his pending sexuality crisis, where they're gonna do laundry next.
Cas nods, throwing his feet back on the cooler and pulling his hat back down over his eyes. “I’ll let Gabriel know. He might need to change our room assignment.”
It had to be the concussion he surely had but Dean finally shrugged. What the hell. Maybe this was a good thing. Cas did save his favorite flannel from slushy stains. If he kept his mind-reading powers to himself, he’d probably be decent company over a few beers. Worst case scenario is that they weren’t compatible as friends. It wasn’t like Dean was aiming to marry him.
Jack notes it down before asking, “Why are oil filters important again?”
Hey, Cas. Fun fact, I love you. Oh, and by the way, our souls held hands or something and now I’ve got your paw print on my shoulder. That’s completely normal.
Claire gives him a
He doesn’t. Dean isn’t married to the guy even if they act like it.
“You have never been a burden Dean. I look forward to your company,” Cas reassures him as he begins to unpack his suitcase. The dork folds his laundry before putting in the hamper.
“I would like to see how much it resembles the moon. The plant life sounds fascinating as well,” Cas says. Of course this dork would be into the plants
Instead, Cas lives inland from the ocean. Apparently there were issues with erosion on the beach and Cas preferred the privacy the cabin provided. The front entrance is similar to many of the dwellings around here. Old gates across the front. No trespassing signs nailed to the trees.
Dean and Sam run in only to find Cas alive and being lectured by a timeless cosmic entity.
Even this early in the morning, Michael is dressed like a twerp. Michael stops his singing as Dean approaches which causes Jack to look around.
He did the next best thing a week later. He gave Cas a mixtape. Dean’s Top 13 Zepp Traxx. Dean figured it was the closest he was ever going to get to telling Cas he loved him. Cas was pleased with the gift but never questioned Dean about it.
Dean scoffed, “Can’t clean up your own messes?”
“Last door on the right,” Cas says, seemingly unaware of Dean’s mild panic.
“One last thing, pay the extra money for decent oil filters if you can. Don’t let some grumpy old timer tell you he’s used the cheap ones since 1940 just fine,” Dean adds.
Place is got good reviews. Apparently the innkeep is very friendly. The floral wallpaper in the rooms is a bit tacky.
Dean should stop and backtrack but his brain just keeps going, full steam ahead. “Well yeah. I mean there’s not a lot of apartments around here. They all suck ass anyway. Land’s dirt cheap if you’re willing to not live right next to the ocean.”
Dean shoves his head through the opening of his shirt, before grabbing his favorite blue and pink flannel. He gazes upon Cas. His husband.
Dean smirks, “It went fine. We kept the chick flick moments to a minimum. We mostly talked about my plans and how brilliant they are. He and Eileen are trying for a kid so we’re probably gonna be uncles soon.”
“The best part is the cheapest part you can find.”
Dean and Sam have been working on a case for ages now. Three long weeks. Twenty-one days away from Cas and Jack. He doesn’t even take cases that much anymore. He has a job, like a normal person. He pays his taxes.
Dean can’t wipe the toothy grin off his face. Cas really knew how to pick his friends.
Cas started showing up at Dean’s place after Dean made an offhand comment about hating yard work. It was hard on him to keep up on mowing his lawn. Cas suggested Dean replace his lawn with an assortment of native, drought-resistant plants to lessen the need for watering. The next day Cas drew up elaborate plans and barely waited for Dean’s permission before happily ripping out the lawn. Sometimes people would offer to help Dean out because they thought he couldn’t do jackshit with his bum leg. Dean was pretty sure Cas offered only so he could murder Dean’s lawn.
Cas drags Dean to the Museum of Wildlife Art after that. Dean’s beginning to think the guy has a thing for nature.
“Dean, I get some message that you’re on some hopeless quest for vengeance and are going to kill an angel
It’s hours later. Dean’s on his back in bed, the world is fading fast. He’s exhausted. Cas settles into bed next to him.
It’s a beautiful evening and he lounges in the warm spring air, scratching Colette’s head when she demands it. Honey is far more interested in her toy kabob, taking great pleasure in destroying it. Bee comes over for head scratches and to see if Dean has any food with him. He ditches Dean after he produces the desired almond.
Dean blinks, “You do?”
Cas’s eyes are huge. He doesn’t blink, “What?”
Benny hasn’t touched the beer Donna poured for him. “I tried making peace with the hunters giving us trouble but they ain’t interested in talking. Just some weasels lookin’ for a fight. They ain’t gonna listen to me. I’ve got a good group Dean but they can only tolerate so much. They’ll defend themselves if they need to. Then we’re lookin’ at more hunters coming around for payback. Just my luck though, the great Dean Winchester walks into town. I imagine they know who you are. You feature quite heavily in your brother’s work.”
Not a good sign. Cas could be hard to read but his familiar was not. When Cas got upset, Anna tended to let the entire neighborhood know. Dean didn’t know the definition of loud until he heard a scarlet macaw scream.
Cas studies the map carefully, rubbing the handle of his tea cup thoughtfully. “How about Florida? I want to see the Everglades. The ecosystem is truly unique. And I want to see Disneyworld. I need to investigate the claim it’s the happiest place on earth.”
“There, that’s better,” Dean says. Cas carries off a cowboy hat very well.
Dean considers the prospect. “I would be damn happy for you. Finally found someone to put up with you.”
Cas continues to rest his eyes as the afternoon sun looms overhead. They got a late start this morning, spending most of it helping Jack resolidify their timing belt. Between Dean’s skill at fixing cars and Cas’s inhuman ability to know seemingly every spell on earth, they got the sucker working again. Cas only practiced magic as a hobby but he was damn good at it.
“Hey lover boy,” she greets, completely ignoring the woman whose gas she’s supposed to be pumping, “long time, no see.” She gives him a wink.
Cas exhales deeply. It’s not quite a sigh. That catches Dean’s attention. Cas is serious about something.
Dean leans over and takes him in his arms. He’s a dead weight but Dean manages to get him into their bed.
Dean nods. Cas was nice and bought the whole family the Pleb Plus seating. He can almost stretch out his legs. “What about you sunshine? How you doin’?”
Dean hesitates, “Reaction?”
He feels like that right now. “I am interested as well.” He smiles fondly at the man in front of him.
“Umm, I know I can be an asshole but I’m not so bad as to invite myself on your family cruise. What I am saying is....” Dean doesn’t finish because Cas takes his hand. He is holding hands with Cas.
Cas hasn’t seen Dean since.
“Dude, that’s obviously not comfortable for you. I get it. We both aren’t spring chickens. You can sleep up here if you want,” Dean offers, trying for a neutral tone. Completely normal. Just helping a friend.
The next morning Cas gets up early with Dean. They're gonna beat the crowds. It’s hard to have life changing epiphanies when there are millions of people around. Cas only complains a little and is alert after his customary gallon of coffee.
Castiel is finished falling on an early spring morning. It’s barely passed dawn. Cas and Dean always rise early to eat their own breakfast before attending to their guests. Castiel rolls over and tells Dean he’s finally done. He’s human. He’s got a certified soul.
Cas is devastated to learn about Jack. He wants to see his son. Dean feels his pain. The kid is barely three and now he’s God.
They bump noses, both tentative. Dean laughs against Cas’s mouth before cupping his chin and tilting his head to deepen the kiss. Any hesitation is gone as he opens for Dean. It’s not rushed, just soft and sweet. When they break apart, Dean rests his forehead against Cas. They stay like that until the rhythm of their breathing slows.
Dean folds his flannel neatly, “You like asking a lot of questions, don’t you?”
“What?” Dean grunts.
“Who in the hell are you?”
“Angels do not concern themselves with human affairs. What is my life to the angels anymore, devoid as I am of grace,” Castiel replies. “Is your life worth such things?”
Dean’s face falls, “A little like hell. Bobby’s feeling like shit from the back surgery and that stubborn SOB insists can do everything himself. I wanted to strangle him half the damn time but then I felt like shit for thinking that. It doesn’t matter. I’m here now,” Dean stops, throwing his arms open. “Are you just gonna stand there? Where’s my welcome home hug?”
As if Sam wouldn’t be laser-focused on Eileen during her talk, giving her those big puppy dog eyes. He knows it’s another photo of the two of them on the beach before he even scrolls down.
Cas does so without even thinking, exposing Lissuin. Dean sucks a sharp breath in. He extends his fingers, as if to touch it but pulls back as Lissuin shifts upward, toward Dean’s outstretched hand. There’s an incredible urge to grab Dean’s hand with his own.
The man perks up. “Really?”
Dean follows Meg's every move as she sticks the nozzle into Baby. “I would tell you to get fucked but you're already on top of it. Guess I should congratulate you though. Finally locked that shit down.”
Dean considers. It is beautiful at Wing and a Prayer during the springtime. Cas’s gardens in full bloom.
Dean sighs, “I never actually thought I would get this far. I mean, I practiced but, you know. It’s not the same. With a dude. What I’m trying to say...”
“We’re not going to drive all the time until I die,” Dean counters.
.” Cas uses air quotes to emphasize his point.
Cas remains firm. “Ariel predators are a constant threat. Gertrude is too old to run for cover. And the pullets are so young. I worry they won’t know how to react if a hawk or eagle was to attack.”
Cas suggested he give up his grace. He couldn’t rest in the Empty if he was human. They shook on the deal and the Void vomited him back up.
Once the tow truck is out of sight, Castiel gets in the passenger side of the Ford, small suitcase in hand, and slumps against the seat. He closes his eyes. Dean sets off, the sound of the engine rumbles loudly.
Dean was only a year old when Mount St. Helens blew. He remembers seeing pictures as a kid, during a boring geology lesson in school. The volcano is more impressive in person. It’s startling to see the landscape, there’s still entire hillsides covered in trees stripped bare of any limbs or bark. Coldwater Lake, where they eat breakfast, was formed from the eruption. One day it didn’t exist, the next day it did. Before his road trip, Dean drove all over the US, stopping in a lot of places but it’s taken him this long to really appreciate it.
“Dad!” Jack yells
The seller gives them a tour before briefly leaving to fetch the paperwork.
Cas glares, “When we bought the nursery, Meg offered to take many afternoon and evening shifts so I could spend time with Jack. She insisted on naming rights. It was an acceptable exchange.”
Despite the change in subject, Dean is worried Cas is still on edge. He watches as Anna offers her head to Cas to pet. They both visibly relax as Cas runs one hand back and forth.
Jack tilts his head, in the same manner that Cas does.
He pours some coffee into a thermos for himself. Cas doesn't drink coffee at the end of his night shifts. He’s jittery for hours afterward.
“Well, I ain’t exactly relaxed. Come on Cas, surely there’s a leaky pipe or broken gutter.”
“Something is troubling you,” Cas says, biting off a piece of carrot.
“I do.”
They bask in the afterglow for only a moment. The Novaks rise early and they’ll be expecting Cas anytime. They all got up at like 5:30 am. Even Cas, who hates mornings, still does so out of habit.
Firmly grasping the shoulder, Dr. Mills begins her interrogation. “Has anyone new come into your life in the last several months?”
Cas rolls over onto his stomach so he can look at Dean, “Yes, I apologize if I’m keeping you up.”
Sam scoffs, “The song during the battle scene was a little heavy handed.” He motions at Eileen for support but she nods at Dean.
Three against two is a little unfair but Dean’s suspicions that Cas is incapable of letting Jack lose are confirmed. The knowing squint Cas gives Dean after team Winchester-Kline wins suggests Cas knows Dean is on to his secret.
Dean swallows. He thinks of all the pictures of Jack. He seems like a normal kid. Not exactly the superpowered son of Satan. Dean suspects Cas had something to do with that.
You’re always telling me I’m older than dirt. My memory must be shot because I don’t recall ever telling you that.
“It’s going. Client and I have different definitions of the word urgent,” Dean snorts “How’s your Dad? I didn’t see him this morning?”
Sam keeps at it. “Cas offered to support you didn’t he? Dean, you’re practically allergic to accepting help from other people. But Cas is different. You accepted because you’re in lo–” Sam narrowly dodges the half-eaten kale wrap Dean throws at him. He doesn’t deny it though because it is true. He is so in love with Cas.
Cas’s eyes are starting to close. He nudges him. “I’ll go get Jack. Rest your eyes. Gotta be awake for breakfast.”
“Well, if Gabriel wants you there so badly he can run interference the entire time. I mean, I would if I was there but Gabriel can manage for a few hours,” Dean advises. He doesn’t realize what he’s proposed until Cas sits up suddenly, his hat falling to the ground. Anna takes off, flying into a nearby tree.
They end up with three Christmas trees because they spend hours discussing which one at the tree farm is the best and can’t decide on which one is superior. After they get home, Cas pulls him aside and presents him with a box. It’s full of Christmas ornaments from the places they’ve been.
Cas glares at Dean. If looks could kill Dean would be a dead man.
Dean takes the next big step in their relationship. He lets Cas drive. It’s a short three hour trip from Crater Lake to the coast. Cas wants as much time in the Redwood as possible. It gives Dean a chance to take a short nap.
Sam sends the message. Cas doesn’t even reply. Great. He must be pissed.
He’s lived in the supernatural world for so long. It’s all he knows. That’s why he can’t get the idea out of his head. Has to be. Just, the more he thinks about it, the more it makes sense.
Who is Dean kidding. Dean was the one to invite Cas into his bed. They spend all their time together. Their lives are starting to intertwine. Dean’s been too chicken shit to ask is all. Make it official.
“You gonna grow a pair of wings? Start playing the harp? What the fuck is going on?” Dean yelled.
Cas thankfully doesn’t frown. He gives Dean an incredibly warm smile. His eyes sparkle, which has to be a miracle in this fluorescent hell. “I’m feeling more prepared Dean. I appreciate you being here for me.”
Dean pays for the chips, using it as an excuse to get into Cas's personal space until their almost touching forehands.
He leans against the pump until Meg bothers to appear.
“Order two more of the Magnum P.I. shirts,” Dean instructs Charlie as she checks the order. “I need one for Cas and Anna. I’ll modify it for her.  That’s sure to cause a scandal among the Miltons.”
“No.”
Cas sits next to Dean on the bed, “It’s alright. I would be happy to answer any questions.”
Dean doesn’t know how to explain without sounding pathetic, “I don’t know if I can Charlie.”
Cas fiddles with his wallet, “I eventually got a job at a local nursery. I was hardly qualified but I think the owner was amused or took pity on me. I would show up often with Jack and teach him about the various plants.”
Dean parks in Singer automotive. The parking lot of the Gas-n-Sip is a deadly mix of locals with poor driving skills and bored teenagers. Baby didn’t need to be around that.
would. Less subtle.
Cas gestures out to the lake in front of them. It’s a deep cobalt blue. It reminds Dean of Cas’s eyes.
Cas adjusts his hat in the mirror, “That was before you made me wear this absurd hat.”
interested in your return,” Gabriel says, wiggling his eyebrows at Cas. Telling Gabriel about his feelings for Dean was the biggest mistake of his life.
“Don't you dare do anything to Baby,” He warns.
Dr. Mills flips through his papers, “I see this is your first time at the Center. Have you been to others before?”
I love you too. Eileen says hi.
Over time, Dean gave up trying to correct people’s assumptions. If he compartmentalized enough, he could ignore reality. It wasn’t until after Cas’s board certification as an avian vet that reality ran him over like a freight train.
“Dean, why didn’t you tell me that your boyfriend wrote about raising supernatural children,” Sam asks incredulously, after Dean prys the phone from Cas. “He should consider doing some guest lectures for us.”
“Hell yeah, dude. After you get me more tart,” Charlie replies, holding out her empty plate.
Jack will get it eventually.
Dean stares down at his now empty hand. It takes him a few moments to comprehend Cas asked him a question.
Cas fidgets for a moment as he looks at his family. He sighs, defeated.
The unknown script, the mysterious powers, everything else. Alien.
“I think I deserve to have a hallmark moment,” Cas huffs.
“I don’t mean to pry Dean but is something the matter?” Cas asks.
Anna doesn’t stop pacing.
Gabriel rolls his eyes, “Of course I told him. How do you think I knew he was single? I had a BBQ. Winchester loves himself a good burger. It was easy enough to corner him for interrogation.”
Cas’s head tilted, “I don’t know what kind of magic you are referring to but my internal temperature is within an acceptable range. I am not hot.”
Why was Dean asking about Late-Onset Herophilus Gland Manifestation? Dean didn’t have a soul mark...
“I am going to make myself human,” Cas informs him.
“Do you like the Crater Lake one,” Jack asks later. “I thought it would be good for this time of year.”
All the careful walls he built up were torn down in an instant.
Nope. Not the time.
Dean gulps.
“Driver picks music has been a house rule in the Winchester family forever. If you think I’m gonna break that easily, you're gonna see how much of a stubborn bastard I can be. I’m not going to ask you to change it,” Dean insists.
The supernatural had an endless supply of monsters ready to kill and consume people in new and evermore varied ways. Cas could be an unknown creature. If he planned to eat Dean, he sure was taking his sweet time. It could be that he planned to eat Dean but fell in love with his amazing cooking skills. That seemed unlikely after the incident with the manicotti. The less said about that the better.
His Cas was an angel. An incarnated one.
Cas actually blushes, “I was nervous. I wanted to speak with you about an important matter and wasn’t sure how to communicate that to you. It was not my intention to add to your distress.”
Jack visits them often. Cas tries not to burden him but Jack knows his father.
“What were you and Eileen up to today?” Dean wonders, trying not to sound too accusatory.
Cas’s mother would never let her children attend public school. So it wasn’t until his teens he met Dean. It was all Gabriel’s fault. He was the family trouble maker, constantly sneaking out to go to parties around town. Cas went to, just to keep an eye on him. No other reason.
“Yeah, well Micheal called Gabriel last week and was bitching about the cruise. You’re disgracing our family name. What will people think? The typical bullshit,” Dean tells her. “Cas is worried that assbutt will show up and be a complete pain in the ass.”
Cas stares at Dean for a split second before sitting down to chat with Jack. Sam eventually wanders in with Eileen. Dean plates their food, making sure to give Sam nothing but rabbit food.
“Billiards?”
Cas is wrestling with a dresser drawer as Gabriel just sits and watches, sipping from his can of sparkling water.
Trench Coat gives Dean a questioning look but nods all the same. “I appreciate your offer, Mr. –”
Meg’s on gas pumping duty tonight. She looks bored as ever, taking her sweet ass time going around to customers despite multiple looks of impatience. Lord knows where these people have to be at this time of night
“I have more questions for the clerk,” He states. Dean gives Cas a wink before turning around, putting on his best smile.
Dean considers her point. Despite what the tourist pamphlets tell him, nothing out of this world has happened to him in Mount Shasta. There’s the occasional supernatural creature but Dean’s seen it all. He knows what’s out there.
“There was a PokéStop right next door,” Cas says. Well shit. Cas should have opened with that.
Rufus laughs, patting Dean on the shoulder. “Good for him. Keeps the tradition alive. I tried once. Nearly blew up my kitchen. Take em’. It’s better than them sitting out here just collecting dust.”
“You two idiots were really made for each other,” He finally chokes out, attempting to regain composure.
He tries not to dwell on such idle thoughts. Cas did not want anything from Dean that he was not willing to give.
Cas sets a trap. He arrives early, orders a burger and waits in the back booth. Dean and Sam arrive at 6:00 pm just as Meg said they would. Cas teaches undergrads. He knows how to be patient. He waits for Dean to order and for the food to arrive. Sam gets up to use the restroom.
Dean wanders the aisles, he used to love the pie here but ever since he’s been making his own he can’t stomach the cardboard that they pass off as pie. He’s never eating another sandwich after the turducken incident.
“Would you cool it with the pleading eyes,” Claire snaps. “You get the window on the way back and we’re on a cruise ship for two weeks. You’ll get views there.”
“No, it’s the vamps,” Jody corrects when Dean asks. She is about to elaborate when she notices Cas behind Dean.
Dean closed his eyes and shook his head. He couldn’t have seen that. He opened his eyes. The halo was still visible.
“Nah,” Dean dismisses. It can’t be.
“Eileen and Sam have made quite the impression in the supernatural world. I believe my endowment was funded by a large coven of witches who want me to finish my
Home buying is also difficult since he and Cas are still stubborn bastards.
Cas complies, eager to know what his primary soul mark has done.
Cas nods, “Yes, this area is very young, relatively speaking. It doesn't seem that long ago. We were flying far above when the eruption drew my attention. It wasn’t part of our mission but I flew closer. I wanted to see what was going on.”
“Who else is important in your life?”
Cas has been polite enough not to ask about Dean’s anti-possession tattoo so Dean returns the courtesy. The tattoo is otherworldly in such a familiar way. Just, when he’s around the supernatural there’s typically a lot more blood.
Meg looks unimpressed, “Believe me, Winchester, I would prefer not to touch your car at all.”
“Is that what they call it these days,” Dean replies.
it? You named—shit,” Dean grunts. He pulls back and starts to scratch his shoulder in earnest. “This fucking thing, every time. Every fucking time.”
“Earth to Dean,” Sam chides. “Stop daydreaming.” Dean doesn’t know what the hell kind of classes Sam is taking but he’s developed the newfound ability to read Dean like a book in the last few years. Dean doesn’t like it.
Cas wants to tell Dean how proud he is, but Dean stops him before he can begin. “We can have a chick flick moment later Cas. I’m not done. If you could plug your piehole. Again.”
Dean’s breath is steady against his ear. There’s a pause before Dean lets go. Cas opens his mouth to question him, but Dean is already heading toward the Continental. “RIP to this POS.”
Then the dreams started getting a little spicier. Strong hands holding him down, gentle words murmured in his ear, the delicious burn of his asshole being fucked open.
Eileen's eyes suddenly light up. She signs to Sam. Dean’s smirks, leave it to his sister-in-law to think of something like this.
Great. First Cas, now Jack. Next Sam’s gonna tell him he’s replaced all the real bacon with vegan crap. At least Jack has delayed Cas’s inevitable “I’m leaving” speech. It will give some time for Dean to prepare himself.
“Wrong Novak,” comes Claire’s reply.
“I don’t know Pokémon that well,” Cas tries. Dean’s not buying it.
Cas is Celebri. A little nature sprite isn’t too far off from the real Cas.
The decision to move back to his hometown is one that surprises even Cas. He got out of there as soon as he could. He went to college, then to grad school and found a nice job in an actual city. Yet, no one else in the family has much use for the old Novak family farm these days. After his parents died, it had been mostly abandoned.
Cas had a life too. A kid in college. A business.
Dean hesitates, “Depends on who's asking?” He doesn’t know anyone in California off the top of his head.
Cas slumps, “It is shameful to admit. Angels should have perfect memories. My ability to recall early moments in my existence is weak, at best.”
There’s a muffled “What is wrong with you two,” as Jack switches it off speaker. “Love you Dad.”
Sam and Eileen take them out for dinner to celebrate. Dean’s listing the many great things about their new home when he mentions the PokéStop.
“We’re alive,” Claire groans as she slides into the window seat behind Dean. Jack sits down directly behind Cas, gingerly placing Nougat’s carrier in the middle seat.
Dean grimaces at his phone. Another loss. “Really Cas? Have some mercy.”
So Dean did the only sensible thing. He screamed.
Claire pulls the shirt out, holding it up to examine it. “Little too late for that.”
“What’s the issue?”
Castiel tilts his head. Considers the question. “Good. This is what I wanted for a long time.”
The sun has dipped below the horizon.  Cas takes Dean’s hand. “Let’s go inside.”
“God’s Abomination,” Dean mumbles.
“That’s why I trusted you with it, Jack. You understand it,” Cas says. “It’s a wonderful project.”
Dean smiles, “Yes, now all you have to do is act like you’re from
He glances down to confirm. Yep. Definitely holding hands.
Or in Dean and Cas’s case, fucking in the backseat of the Impala for the second time in four hours. At least this time Dean can take his time and get Cas out of that vest. It was a crime for Cas to wear so many layers. He is absolutely gorgeous naked, especially moaning in the backseat of Baby, the morning sunlight illuminating his face while Dean fists their cocks together.
The next morning Dean is fixing breakfast. Last night was
Castiel has always been like this with Dean. Just saying the sappiest shit imaginable and meaning every word of it. Of course, Dean wouldn’t allow anyone else to say such things to his face. He’d push them away first.
is the thing that would ease my burdens is being with you. Outside of Bobby and Sam, you and Jack are the closest thing I have family. You don’t have to act all weird next time okay?”
A frog croaks out in the pond that sits in the center of the property. Jack loved to swim in it during the summers. “I mean, I can get that. It’s a big deal but I’m worried you’re stressing too much. Dude, you’ve worked your ass off for this. You gotta relax.”
At the end of the chapter, there is an explicit scene of penetrative sex where Cas uses a strap-on to have sex with Dean.
Claire scoffs, “Please. I’ve got plans. We’re doing it before dinner. Do you think you can take my Mouse Trap champion title and not suffer the consequences?”
Dean turns sticks out his tongue at Michael when Jack isn’t looking and heads back to Baby.
“Umm, what about?” Dean mutters.
Well he would be if Cas wasn’t being a son of a bitch. House rules were that the driver picked the music. Cas had given him some dirty looks about it but never really complained. He’s been waiting. Planning. Dean knows it.
Christmas comes and goes. They’ve developed quite the domestic routine. Cas writes most weekdays. They travel around on the weekends or if the weather is really bad, hang inside and watch movies. Dean is neck-deep in applications. Charlie helps him fudge a little bit on the paperwork since “I hunted supernatural creatures for three decades” doesn’t make a great essay topic.
So Dean had decided to blow off some steam at a local theater. Just an afternoon to rethink the case. He didn’t need Dad to curse him out about not being able to handle a simple case. He sweet talked the girl in the box office and got in for free. He watched the
Dean finds a book in the library and reads in the little herb garden off the kitchen. He cannot sit still. His skin itches. His whole body feels heavy. Dean’s starting to nod off when he feels a light tap on his shoulder.
“Dean, this isn’t Star Trek.” Jody pauses,  “Well maybe it is. Donna and I were out driving once. We were just married, no real plans for the future. We were on some god forsaken back road and an old man appeared out of nowhere.  I almost hit him. I pull off to ask what in the hell was wrong with him. Except I didn’t. Something stopped me. He asked for a ride back to town. He sat in the back seat, never said a thing the whole time. We get him here and he says he’d like to repay our kindness. He pointed at this fine establishment. It was a shithole back then but we fell in love with it the minute we walked in. Just something about it. Never saw that old fellow again.”
They bought the place sooner than Dean expected. They weren’t very patient and ended up getting married at the courthouse a few days after their engagement. They had the proper wedding in the fall. It was god damn beautiful. But they both wanted to make it official before that. Start on the paperwork to buy a place.
Dean catches his eyes in the rearview mirror, “We held a vote on the drive over. 2-0 for Winchester Surprise and the ingredients are at my house.”
“What some help with that?” Dean teases as he trails his hands down Cas’s button-down. Cas agrees since he doesn’t trust himself to complete the task now that Dean is so close.
Dean placed Castiel firmly in the decent enough neighbor category
“They never did succeed. The moment I became a father I was truly lost. I didn’t realize it at the time but my love for Jack set me free.”
“Oh, sorry Dad. Dean wanted to know where I was. Hold on,” Jack informs him before yelling again, “Dad’s car exploded.”
Yet here he is.
Dean wants to ask Cas if it was worth it. If Wing and a Prayer B&B and Dean somehow compare to the grandeur of Heaven.
Things change however. Cas worked his ass off to get into his dream school and the scholarships to pay for it. Dean nearly crushed him to death in a bear hug when Cas told him he got accepted. The next fall, Dean had driven him all the way there and helped him get settled during move in week. He cut Cas’s hair and bought him a blue tie at the local Walmart.
Cas has a very specific vision for what his chickens need, in addition to the separate duck house he wants to build. Ducks gotta have their indoor water park which required a special set-up and all.
Dean never had great luck at relationships. Cassie was amazing but she didn’t really want to get involved with the hunting lifestyle. It broke his heart at the time but Dean doesn’t blame her. It’s a hard life.
Dean freezes, “What’s wrong with my boy?”
“Yes?” Dean asks, just to clarify that this is real. Cas is agreeing to marry him.
Dean lives on a few acres outside of town. He inherited it from the Campbell family after Mary’s brother passed away. Cas is very thankful for that. John Winchester squandered everything he ever owned.
“Relax Cas,” Dean purrs. “I’ve got you.” Dean keeps working until he can feel the tension start to ease. If he had his way, he would have the time and space to properly make love to Cas but they do what they must.
There are days when Dean questions his decision to open a supernatural research business with Sam. Days like today where it’s beautiful outside, Sam’s off with Eileen on vacation, leaving Dean to read Latin until his eyes glaze over.
So is Dean. There's just one more thing Dean wants. One little thing.
One rest stop later, Dean’s ready to tackle this bitch. Drive to Fort Lauderdale. Get on the Love Boat tomorrow. Keep Cas’s family in line. Not mess up his friendship. It was all looking up.
Cas shakes his head, “No, every product this chain sells is awful. I do appreciate the offer though.”
She starts asking Dean one question after another. They cover family history/ She asks about Sam’s mark. Mom and Dad’s. They cover every injury he’s ever had, which is a lot. She checks his reflexes. Upon examination, all his soul tubes are working just fine.
“They’ve reconciled amicably. I believe Anna wants friendly company as well,” Cas supplies.
Dean catches his breath before nuzzling at Cas’s neck, “That what you needed sunshine?”
Dean snorts, “I’m the one who fishes. You sit there and read your book.”
Meg gives him an inquisitive look but mercifully doesn’t point out the obvious.
Cas’s grip on Dean’s shoulder tightens. “You have me, Dean.” Although I must confess I was hoping we might be sexually intimate and this position might make it difficult.”
Cas drags him in by the cuff. Supernatural strength is an ability of angels apparently. The bastards.
Dean doesn’t know what to think. He’s almost forty for crying out loud. This isn’t how it’s supposed to work. His mark didn’t manifest with Cassie. Not with Lisa. Not even with Cas. And if there was ever a person…
First Eileen was back. Sam made heart eyes at her before they ran off to their room. Dean tries not to think about it.
Jack comes to a complete stop at an intersection. They patiently wait for oncoming traffic to clear before continuing. “Great! We’re troubleshooting a few issues with the wiring. It shouldn’t be more than a few hours unless it explodes again.” Jack continues about all the intricacies of trying to get the robot to balance on a beam. Jack’s a natural with engineering and it’s good to see them have a place to flourish.
Cas invites him out to the farm for their second date. Dean suggests he help Cas assemble the raised beds as their third date. They barely get even one built because they get distracted with other things.
“Afternoon Jack,” Dean greets. “Is the truck doing okay?”
Cas tilts his head, trying to comprehend. Dean has seen the tulip before and Lissuin hadn't yet started to flop about.
Dean’s pretty sure Cas isn’t human. A solid 70% sure.
“Hey,” Dean calls out, mouth half-full of muffin, “you havin’ a little car trouble?” Dean can probably help Trench Coat out. Seems better than the guy’s plan of glaring at his car.
He is texting with Sam. The health nut is always awake at the first crack of dawn to run a marathon and chug one of those disgusting kale shakes.
“Why the hell not?” Dean snaps.
Cas can already feel himself start to sweat. He wants to give in. He really does but Dean already does enough for him and Jack. More than enough.
Sammy tried to pull this shit a few times. But even he couldn’t stand his own poison after a while. Dean could wait him out. He’s a little less certain about Cas.
“What do you say? Cas Winchester has a nice ring to it.”
Dean really shouldn’t deny it. He’s already slipped up twice today and Sam can smell blood in the water.
He drives all night. He doesn’t know where the feathery asshole is but Dean figures the innkeep might. He’ll talk. Everyone talks for something.
“Please understand Dean. It isn’t a secret. In the past I have had to be very careful. An angel on earth is a target for demons and other angels alike although it is less so these days. I let myself think you knew, given your past,” Cas is almost pleading with him.
Eventually, the reality that they are both covered in lube and bodily fluids rouses them to bathe. Cas spends the time before bed explaining to Dean the efficiency of putting toothpaste directly on the tongue. His soulmate isn’t convinced but there will be many more opportunities. They have their time.
There’s a snort of laughter from behind him. “I was curious. You were hardly the first one sent to kill me. Usually I see fit to mind wipe my would-be attackers and send them on their way. But your soul shone so brilliantly. I had never seen one like it. I could feel your love, I could see the caring man underneath all the anger, the selfless nature of your very being. I wanted to see what you would do. I must confess I was also a bit offended that you thought the wallpaper tacky. I hoped to persuade you it was not."
Dean steels himself. “No, I haven’t you. You wanted to talk this morning. What was it about?”
Eileen is Reshiram. According to Sam, Eileen is trying to build a better world and also is scary.
It’s a handprint.
“These are my wings. A little ragged by angelic standards but surely you will find them appropriately feathered,” Cas says, flapping his bird wings in at Dean.
The list is pretty standard. Regular chores. Some maintenance here and there. Projects that need doing but somehow there’s never the time.
Dean’s gonna be stuck here for the next few hours. Well, not like he doesn’t deserve it.
“Watch and learn,” Charlie says. Dean was mostly joking but he can’t argue with the results. She selects one with three macaws drinking out of a margarita glass, multiple floral prints, accented with parrots, and one with flamingos. The sky blue background has the correct
They do actually see some wolves, to Dean’s surprise. He draws the line at sleeping in the back country to find a grizzly. Cas doesn’t seem to be upset after Dean buys him a stuffed one at the gift shop.
Jack coughs. Sam’s eyes dart in between them. He awkwardly shoves his watch in his face.
“Hey Dad,” Jack answers almost immediately.
“The rest of your shift okay?” Dean asks as Cas settles in the passenger seat.
Cas reaches down for his bag, “Before you fall asleep, I should give you this.”
He may have lured her down to the good Mexican place by his house under the pretenses of discussing the mid-summer Moondoor Event. Which was true, it just didn’t happen to be the main thing he wanted to talk about.
Dean’s blood goes cold. “Michael, get the hell out of my head.”
Cas slumped over and fell asleep on Dean’s shoulder. Jack remained transfixed by the movie. It was quite the domestic little scene. The kind of thing he never imagined he would have.
Cas tries not to shiver at the contact, “But—”
He loves how much this man cares. He loves a lot about Cas.
Castiel’s face hardened. The dim fluorescent lights flickered rapidly. It was only for an instant but Dean was sure he saw the same lights flicker above Castiel’s head as if he had a halo made out of fluorescent bulbs.
“Fine. In the far left of the closet. Why do you even want it for anyway?”
Sam pats him on the shoulder, “Don’t think we won’t be visiting. My offer still stands. You’ll always have a place here, even if you’re just passing through.”
Cas can practically feel the eye roll, “Six hours ain’t nothing Cas. Besides I told you I’d come over to fix Jack’s bike.”
So Dean doesn’t say anything. New Cas, same old shit.
Dean gently squeezes Cas’s hand.
Sam slams the table, “I told you Dean. I’m gonna let you two love birds figure this out. My work here is done.” He pulls some cash from his wallet, throws it on the table and leaves.
Dean plants a chaste kiss on Cas’s lips. “Me too.”
They pull off at a gas station soon after. He lets Sam drive because his legs are going to give out any minute. Dean doesn’t even have the willpower to go inside and get some road food. It’s not his Gas-n-Sip with Cas standing behind the counter, smiling fondly at Dean in his trademark blue vest and matching tie combo. Cas’s nametag slightly askew on his chest, the name “Steve” crossed out in sharpie and “Castiel” written above it in tiny letters.
Dad hated those kinds of hunters. With their rules, regulations, workman’s comp, and not a years long hopeless quest to hunt down the demon that killed Mom. Other hunters saw John Winchester for what he was. An obsessed bastard, chasing a demon he’d never find and sticking his nose where it didn’t belong. Dean eventually realized that too, even if he had to learn the hard way.
He thinks about Dr. Mills’ words. Discuss this with Cas. What the fuck is he going to say?
“Are they, you know, still into that. Swings. Swinging,” Dean motions with his hand.
“I will be Dad.”
Hey Dean, I did some digging on Whispers while Eileen gave her talk today. Check the attached image for what I found. Cas and I are going to be trying a new spell out soon to resist wood rot on his raised beds. Could you get a couple of things for me? I want it to be ready when we get home.
“It’s barely worth scrapping. I honestly don’t know how your friend got that damn thing to run. Tell you what though, one of my boys is convinced he can get it working, The kid’s had a rough few years. I can take it off your hands if your friend wouldn’t mind giving the kid the car,” Bobby offers.
Dean looks around, the shingles are everywhere. There’s a sizable hole in the cabin wall. This is gonna be a bitch to clean up.
Cas’s hand stops in his hair. “I didn’t put beaming face with smiling eyes after I asked to see you.”
Dean cranes his head back, “Cas, that’s great! I know how much your writing means to you. You don’t have to ask my opinion though. It’s your life.”
“Grind your meat because the store-bought stuff is sh—it’s bad.”
Cas gently nudges Dean. “And me?” Well, Dean saved the best for last.
Sam is Alakazam. A little generous in Dean’s opinion. Sam should be Abra since he’s a big baby but Dean doesn’t want to spoil Jack’s fun.
You certainly sound like it.
Sam stops, “I didn’t research for you Dean. I saw Slowbro and knew that was it.” Great the goofy looking fucker with a shell biting its ass. Dean can’t decide if it’s better or worse than Mimikyu. At least Mimikyu was cute.
They end up debating shirts until early evening. Charlie only leaves after demolishing half his tart and packing up the rest for Stevie.
Cas flicks Dean’s nose. “Stop it, love.”
“Mike.” Dean sneers before turning his attention to Jack. “Hey kiddo, How you feeling?” Dean asks, rocking back and forth to soothe him
“Well I mentioned Sam, practically raised the jerk. He’s a lawyer out in California. He’s married to an awesome lady named Eileen. They’ve got the cutest little girl, Mary. She got her mother's good looks. Thank god. Cas is my best friend. He’s got a great son, Jack.”
Star Trek hadn’t gotten Cas to talk. Maybe
Dean’s eyes dart between Jubilee and him, “You finally gonna get something sexy Cas?”
Then again, what the fuck did Dean know about angels? Maybe this is how they roll. Dean’s never been a believer, not with the shit he’s experienced but he can’t deny what he’s seen with his own eyes.
“You’ve got a better plan? I, well, my brother, bought this membership for something,” Dean says, gesturing at the ruined car for emphasis.
“Kinda hoping too. You want to?”
“Six weeks. The drive down okay?”
“I think that is a great suggestion, Mr. Singer,” Cas says. He’s right next to Dean suddenly.
Dr. Mill presses more firmly down against his arm. “I’m not feeling any change. Are you close with Bobby?”
Or nearly perfect. Cas and his kids moving in next door made it perfect.
“You want me to stay?” Dean blurts out.
Sam shakes his head.
“Why is that?” Dean asks. He doesn't want to knock the guy for mourning a vehicle. Dean wouldn’t know what to do if anything happened to Baby. Baby’s a classic though. This pimpmobile is not.
“So when are you going to ask him?” Sam interrupts.
was a mistake.
“Specifics,” Charlie demands.
The hardest part about leaving is Baby. Sam and Eileen are a close second. She’s been with Dean for so long. As much as it hurt him to admit it, she’s not perfect and a truck camper cannot fit on the back of Baby. So she’ll have to stay at the Leahy residence. She’ll be in good hands. Dean threatened to cut-offs Sam’s if anything happened to her.
“My break is at 2:00 am. We can talk then,” Cas says as finally lets go of Dean’s hand to start checking out the next customer.
Dean almost spits his coffee out. “You don’t even like Pokémon,” Dean cries. This was supposed to be Dean’s moment.
A few rough tugs on his cock and Cas comes all over himself. He whimpers Dean’s name as he does and that sends Dean over the edge, spilling into Cas’s ass.
“Yes, how do you know this man?” Cas asks, appearing out of nowhere. Christ.
“Hey Eileen, we never heard your list,” he asks.
Cas shakes his head, “What? Jack are you alright?”
“Sounds like we got ourselves a plan, buddy.” Dean says, once he’s able to form words again.
“That the thing you were showing me? The t-shirt launcher looking doohickey? You know back in my day we shot ghosts with rock salt. After walking uphill to get to the grave.”
Jack flies in one night to see his Dad. The kid looks tired and Cas must be rubbing off on Dean since he starts to worry about Jack’s stress levels and sleep.
“You’re doing so well for me,” Cas whispers. “Touch yourself.”
“So what’s the trouble with the vamps,” Dean asks, sipping his beer.
Cas gazes upon the ominous thick smoke pouring out of Jubilee and wonders if this was fated to happen today.
“It’s funny,” Dean says, way too amused at the thought. “She’s like two pounds.”
Bartending isn’t the best gig around but it’s not the worst. Most of the clientele are tourists or  grumpy locals complaining about the tourists. Jody, Donna, and him trade hunting stories during the evening. Those two have seen some shit.
“Good. Because I love you too. It would be awkward if you didn’t love me back,” Dean stammers out
Dean isn’t complaining.
Cas is reading quietly at the dinette.
“I’ve got a list,” Dean and Sam say simultaneously at breakfast the next morning.
Cas redid the sigils in Dean’s house because according to him, the ones Dean had painted were not sufficient and sucked ass.
Cas sighs, turning to face Dean, “My son went off to college this fall. Perhaps it's fate that the car I raised him in saw fit to leave me now.”
I’m good! I’m just enjoying it out here. Finding myself I guess??? The truth is that I don’t know when I’ll be back
“If it does hurt, it will only for a moment. I wish to see this through.”
Cas doesn’t respond, instead, he turns toward Anna. He motions with his hand to call her over.
Dean sighs.
“And when I told you Eileen and I wanted to move out of the bunker, what did you do?”
your main complaint?”
“Put the phone on speaker, would you bud,” a voice echoes in the background. When Dean speaks again it’s much clearer. “The pimpmobile finally blow up?”
Sam looks between Dean and Castiel. His eyes darting back and forth.
After Thanksgiving, they pack up to head back out west. Dean rents a trailer to hitch to the Ford so Baby can come along with him this time.
“It’s kind of dinky,” Dean huffs. The blade rattles on the table as Cas drops it. He scowls at Dean.
He gets to work from his couch most days and live next to his best friend.
“Jack adores you,” Cas says, confidently. “I would never consider Bonding with anyone who didn’t love Jack. You’ve treated him as your own from the beginning. It will change things, but I think he will be pleased. He’s inquired into our relationship before.”
Especially now that they have space. So much space. The house is cozy but they’ve got themselves a lot of land out back.
“Do you recall that I was considering selling my share in the nursery?” Cas asks.
Cas and Bobby had secondary soul marks in common. Unlike Bobby, Cas’s secondary marks were constantly shifting even though Laurelin and Telperion had remained fixed in the same place since his childhood. The only permanent secondary mark was the
“Dean?” Cas prompts.
Castiel continues, voice perfectly even. “You refuse me because you feel you don’t deserve it. I cannot convince you otherwise. However, if we were married, you would not be taking from me but sharing. That is what married couples do, don’t they? Share their lives.”
Cas and the kids are somewhere behind him. They’ll be fine. No way was he taking a leak on that death machine. With his luck, he’d get sucked out of the toilet.
Dean wraps his arms around Cas a little tighter.
Dean stands suddenly.
Dean sighs. He needs to get this over with. Whatever this is.
together. They’ve traded some messy hand jobs but Dean figures it’s fine. They are married.
Sam has been cataloging the junk in the basement of the bunker and selling off what they don’t need. He wants some funds to start the hunting network/school he and Eileen are planning. There’s enough for a down payment though.
Cas should not be thinking about this. He’s got a book draft to finish, research to sort through. He needs to move on.
They take Baby out for an actual drive that evening after Cas reappears. Cas finally let go of the “oh shit” handle after gripping it for dear life during the first few minutes of their drive. Dean is a tad more aggressive in Baby than the Ford. The camper may have a memory foam mattress and working oven but agile, it is not.
Cas tilts his head, squinting at the TV. Not a great sign.
His mind screeches to a halt. Alarm bells blare in his mind. The door is nearby so he could make a break for it but the little window at the dinette is closer. He could squeeze out in a hurry.
Dean downs another beer, jumps off the stool, and walks over to the pool table. He asks Cas if he wants to make the game interesting. One twerp takes the bait. Raises Dean’s friendly bet by a few hundred. Dean pretends to hesitate but matches the bet soon enough.
“Dude, did you just quote Tolkein at me?” Dean laughs, he can’t help the lopsided grin on his face. God, he loves this weirdo.
Dean listens, wondering if Jack going away to college was hard on Cas. They seem close.
But it’s the first nice day of spring. The cherry trees are in blossom and there’s not a cloud in the sky. He could be outside washing Baby or dozing on his porch swing but the publishers of the
Dean was the one who usually watched Jack for Cas when he had to take the night shift. Jack had just turned four and developed a sudden love of everything related to cars after he had seen the Pixar movies. Which allowed Dean to score cool dad points when he took him around the garage.
Cas goes along with Dean’s packed schedule when they reach Tombstone. They have a few days at a themed ranch outside town. It’s a little much but the rooms are beautifully themed. Cas is visibly pleased with the rocking chairs out front. The evenings are spent relaxing in the warm summer air, drinking the expensive whisky Dean couldn’t resist buying and enjoying each other's company.
Dean plops down on the couch afterward, all set to watch the tube but his mind keeps wandering back to the cruise. The cruise and Cas. Cas and the cruise. Cas.
Cas has got plans for the farm. Even if it’s just building some raised beds.
“Really? I’m that much of a—hey!” Dean says indignantly as Cas flicks his nose.
Dean laughs, stuffing more overpriced fries into his mouth, “Dude, we don’t have anywhere to be. I’ll drive you back and forth across the valley tomorrow if you want. Let’s just relax.”
Cas leads Dean over to his dresser. “Have you found a preference in your exploration?”
Dean is about to ask what the hell that means but Benny suddenly sighs, “Dean, I need your help.”
Dean looks at the long needle attached to the syringe. “Will it hurt?”
“Find yourself a decent butcher.”
Jody and Donna aren’t expecting them for a while. Cas wants to see the Redwoods and Dean wants a sandy beach with sun. They make for the coast.
“Yeah bud, this is real. We’re real,” Dean answers.
“Dude, really?” Dean squawks as Cas starts to apply way too much sunscreen to his back.
The good Star Treks. At least Cas wasn’t completely hopeless, he’d seen the original Star Wars.
It may have made a slight impression.
They camp along the Salmon river, staying a few days at each campsite. There was a quick stop in Stanley at Cas’s insistence. He wanted photos. Dean tries not to get too emotional about the view.
An overdressed business type in a trench coat catches Dean’s eye, might be from Jackson. Dean watches him stare sorrowfully at a crappy Lincoln Continental. Given the terrain, it most likely died.
“Kid is good with cars. Unlike some people,” Dean teases as he steps out of the Impala. He can feel his heart thump in his chest but his earlier anxiety melts away at the sight of his best friend. Dean looks exhausted but he gives Cas a gentle smile. Cas never tires of it.
Still, Dean needs to actually communicate with Sam so Lawrence becomes their next destination.
Dean wasn’t like anyone else he’d ever met. Of course, his mother didn’t like her children socializing with the riff raff so Cas didn’t have many friends growing up. One advantage of his siblings was that his mother gave up trying to police every aspect of his life as he got older. Too much else to worry about. Besides, Dean was a natural charmer, he put on his best smile and somehow convinced Cas’s mother he was an upstanding citizen.
Cas is a little nervous to meet Dean’s family. Dean assures him there’s nothing to worry about. He is more concerned that Sam is more excited to meet Cas than see his own brother again. Sam had asked him endless questions about Cas’s preferences and tastes. He even reserved a room for Jack so the kid can drop by if he wanted.
Castiel considers this brilliant plan for a moment before shrugging.
Dean knows it can’t last forever. The levee is going to break one day. All of Dean’s feelings will come pouring out. It scares the shit out of him.
“Castiel, you made a mistake,” The angel says, well sings.
The smell of eggs and turkey bacon summons Cas to the land of the living. May god forgive Dean for cooking turkey bacon but Cas insisted he liked it.
“Cas. Pal. It’s alright,” Dean reassures him, he sounds like he’s trying to talk down a scared animal. “Where are you?”
“Jack!” Dean answers. He leans down to scoop Jack up despite Michael’s death glare.
Dean takes Cas’s phone to see ten billion photographs of a baby macaw. The little shits are cute at that age. “That long day have anything to do with Gabriel?”
“You sound disappointed,” Dean says.
is left unsaid but Cas feels his heart pound in jubilation. It’s rare for Dean to be so open. To hear the words, the affection in Dean’s voice. Lord. His Herophilus Gland may burst through his skull.
Dean glances back at Cas and Donna, now both admiring a photograph of Mount Shasta despite the fact the mountain is right outside.
Dean’s head snaps to the doorway. Cas is standing there with Anna perched on one shoulder.
The house was a POS when they bought it up they’ve been able to fix it up nicely. Jack’s got his room, complete with a racecar bed. Dean and Cas have their own room. They can fuck whenever they want.  Well, in reality, they schedule most of their boning sessions now. Because they’re boring and married and they have a kid. Dean loves it.
Cas barely raises his eyebrows, “Have I ever told you that I waited ten thousand years to watch the first creature walk upon land. Time is meaningless to an angel. Do you know that if you were to live another fifty years, you could listen to this song nearly five million times?”
Cas is leaning forward enough to glimpse a bright red patch on Dean’s shoulder, his frantic itching exposing it.
Dean buys a pickup truck. He was all set to buy a rust bucket before Sam intervened. Put on his best “I’m concerned about you” face and dragged Dean to an actual car dealership.
“Dean!” Jack yells
Dean’s heart beats rapidly in his chest. He looks around. No one seems to have noticed that one of the innkeeps just grew a set of wings.
was what he was upset about.
Dean sticks out his hand to be polite. Meg takes it while looking Dean up and down. She smiles and looks back at Cas. She winks. The three of them make small talk. She asks about the camper and how Dean’s been enjoying his travels. Cas, as he always does, shows her his thousands of pictures. Eventually, they end up on the topic of business.
Dean :/
“Dean, would you like to consummate our relationship?” Cas asks, casually.
“Benny and I go way back, We defeated an evil coven together. Great stuff,” Dean explains.
Dean kicks at a rock on the ground. “What did you intend you dumbass? Because it’s not working. I’m very distressed.”
He was still working out the details but the more he thinks about it, the more he likes it. It would be a huge change for him but he could help a lot of people. He knew what it was like to be alone and struggling. He definitely isn’t the only one.
Castiel nodded slightly, “I do not usually look into the minds of my customers, their thoughts are often unpleasant but I wanted to ensure you didn't have any injuries. An incident report would be required if you did.”
Dr. Mills pulls out a pen, “I’m going to ask you a few questions. Some you’ve already answered on the pre-exam questionnaire but I like to hear directly from my patients.”
A week later, Dean’s motoring up the Teton Pass Highway. The road is winding, with a steep grade. He passes sign after sign urging caution.
“Not gonna lie Cas, it’s a lot but kinda awesome,” Dean mutters, still in shock. An angel. A fucking angel.
Once he has freed Cas from his confines, Dean pulls back enough to run his eyes over Cas. Heat pools in Cas’s belly at the intensity of Dean’s gaze.
“Was that clear enough?” Dean pants. Cas rolls his eyes but he’s smiling. He rests his head against Dean’s. “I love you.”
Cas wants to stop at Cape Disappointment to show Dean the mouth of the Columbia River. To set the mood, Cas had bought a guidebook for Dean at Powell’s and has been reading it aloud for the last hour.
“Of course, you’d say that,” Dean scoffs.
“Yes?” Cas answers, mouth full of potato.
“Good is a relative term. My siblings thought their actions were a mercy. I believed that my suffering had purpose. I understand now that it never did.”
Sam isn’t too happy with his plan when Dean calls him. Dean doesn’t mention too many details, just that he’s found himself a travel buddy and he’s going to be on the road for another few weeks at least.
But the angels were gone. Dean awoke with a new purpose.
Cas grunts as he loads Dean’s suitcase in the overhead bin. “I’ll be right here the whole time Dean.”
“Winchester,” a nurse calls as he emerges from behind the front desk. “I’m looking for a Mr. Winchester.”
“You should be resting from your trip. I was acting “weird weird,” Cas uses air quotes to emphasize his point, “Because I knew you would insist on assisting me if you discovered my predicament. You don’t need to burden yourself for my sake right now.”
He does remember, however, with absolute clarity her last words to him.
“Dammit Cas, warn a guy next time. I thought you were still comatose,” Dean grunts out. Cas ignores him.
Dean sneers at Sam but makes a note to get some stupid fruit for his brother. Dean makes the short drive to the Gas-n-Sip, the only gas station in town. Right across from Singer Automotive. It made seeing Cas convenient. Dean lived five minutes away, but his commute was usually longer since he drove Cas to work when he was on his regular day shift.
until I met him. Can you believe that?”
There wasn’t a face or anything, but they were definitely a dude.  And the dreams
“Yes. Jack is my son. He picked me as his father. That is why I am here to begin with,” Cas states. He reaches across the table, gently squeezing Dean’s hands. Dean should pull away but he doesn't. Cas’s hands are warm.
Cas takes out his coffee thermos from Dean’s backpack. Dean has achieved personal pack llama status for his boyfriend.
How could he not? There was no one like Cas. It’s definitely not just the angel mojo, Dean’s sure about that. All Cas’s siblings are angels and most of them are dickbags.
Cas could be a fairy. Fairies love nature. Dean wasn’t sure if fairies could visit the moon though. Again, the iron thing.
“Your family let Gabriel plan this? I thought you said these things were super formal affairs. Gabriel is bound to make a mess of it, on purpose,” Dean says.
Has Dean thought about being Bonded with Cas? Yes. A lot. A lot a lot. But it ain’t happening. So why risk it?
“I’m not trying to seduce Cas,” he protests weakly.
“2-1 is still majority rules,” Dean says, sounding incredibly smug. Cas glares at Dean’s reflection in the mirror. Dean cocks an eyebrow, an unspoken challenge. Cas narrows his eyes at Dean. They can’t have a staring contest while Dean is driving. He knows this and is unfairly using it to win this argument. Cas finally relents and looks away. He doesn’t miss the soft snort from Dean.
Charlie swings by to see him off. She also brings a complicated mess of electronics and installs a whole range of equipment in the camper. Dean doesn’t quite know what all of it does but she assures him he can get WiFi and charge his laptop on the camper batteries. Dean’s got a list of movies he needs to get through.
He catches Cas’s attention through the window and waves. Cas gives him a wave back.
It’s not even December and Christmas decorations start to appear in the camper. Dean isn’t even sure where the hell Cas is getting them. The cabin is practically a light show when they arrive. Jack is methodically setting up a christmas village inside.
“You don’t remember? Is it because you got shoved inside a meatsuit?” Dean asks. He wonders what it was like for Cas to have his entire essence stuffed in some poor ad salesmen’s body.
His first instinct is to call Dean. The selfish part of him yearns to see his best friend. He is due in from Sioux Falls tonight but Dean doesn’t need to be rescuing Cas from his problems right now. Dean already has so much to worry about. No matter how much Cas wants to see Dean, he should be undisturbed this evening and allowed to recuperate. Cas can bring over dinner tomorrow and he, Jack, and Dean can catch up.
Dean steals Cas’s thermos, he wants some coffee for himself, “You were always weird then.”
“No, but I can pretend to accept your words at face value if you so desire.”
Sam isn’t even around to help since the asshole is out in California with Eileen. She’s giving a presentation at a library conference and they had conveniently scheduled an extra week out there. Dean’s not gonna fault the guy for wanting a vacation. They’ve been swamped with work recently but Dean is still going to kill Sam when he gets back with a tan and smelling of sunscreen while Dean slowly turns into Gollum.
Cas’s eyes are so full of love and understanding. It makes Dean weak in the knees.
He is going to have to have a conversation with Cas isn't he?
called earlier in the week with an urgent request regarding Were-pires. Dean wants to ask what the hell their definition of “urgent” was but at least Dean can charge a premium for his time.
“He’s certainly trying. He booked a two-week cruise,” Cas laments.
Dean can hear the conversation better as he approaches.
When did
Dean takes a few steps toward him. Then a few more. He gains momentum until he’s standing inches from Cas’s face. His motions betray his nervousness but his eyes are once again exuberant.
Dean makes plans for the spring. Well, he pins his fold-out map to a tree outside his camper. Throws his old hunting knife. It’s the only one he still has. Lands near the Grand Tetons. It’s as good a plan as any.
“Your son wants to go backpacking with me? I’m some guy his father has been traveling with. Not for nothing but that doesn’t sound like normal teenage behavior.” Maybe being weird runs in Cas’s family.
“Magic,” Cas deadpans. He gives Dean a suspicious look before glancing over to Claire “Where did you get that shirt?”
“Do you remember what I told you when we first met?”
Cas blinks “What?”
Cas also wants to swim in the lake, which is something they let you do apparently. It’s fifty-five degrees. Dean will provide moral support to his angel but he is not getting near that water.
Dean gets up before everyone else most days to make breakfast. Well, Sam is up to go for a run but no one else in the bunker is a health food hippie. He doesn’t care how good a kale smoothie is for him, he’s not feeding it to his family.
“I shouldn’t be too long. Nora’s a local who has helped us out for many years. She’s been covering most of my duties. Hopefully nothing has caused her too much trouble,” Cas says.
Dean’s resting in his hammock, listening to the sound of the nearby river. Cas is out communing with nature.
Dean reaches for Cas’s right hand, “I used to dream about you. Some dorky little guy who had terrible opinions on all kinds of nerdy shit. Fucker was really good in bed though. I hadn’t thought about it till I started manifesting. You sure?”
Cas frowns, “Of course Dean. I do not have a guest room but I trust that sharing a bed will not be an issue.”
It’s 9:00 am when they finally finish. Sam’s at school for most of the day so he can’t make bitch comments about Dean’s large stack of pancakes.
Cas twists around before Dean can react and crawls on top of him. He is inches from Dean’s face, eyes burning. “What are you asking Dean?
Dean hears the water shut off a few minutes later and looks the other way. Dean doesn’t want to get an eyeful, unless he’s invited to do so. He hasn’t had daydreams about that.
Cas tilts his head, eyebrows scrunched, “You’ve also experienced a sense of loss after your child leaves home?”
“You are family Dean. I know it’s a lot to ask but would you be willing to come?"
“I can refer you to one of our Bonding counselors if you would like,” She offers.
It didn’t quite work out like that. They got their angels but the jokes on them. Most angels were terrible and kinda sucked so their army consisted of beings with weird cosmic powers but no life skills beyond farm chores and getting on each other’s nerves.
An unmistakable warmth radiates out from his soul marks. It’s comforting, fervid, and wholly steadfast.
“You should get some ink.”
Dean huffs, “I would never withhold produce from you Sam. You're my brother. Speaking of which, Cas and I are gonna get our own pad soon. So you and Eileen can have the place. Or you could finally shack up. Married life is great. Gotta say.”
Plenty of people who didn’t fuck off for weeks at a time.
Dean tries not to think about it too much, he’s got more pressing things on his mind this morning. He hadn’t asked about Cas’s plans for after they got to North Cove. That would require communication, never his strong suit.
“What? I’m down here,” Jack yells.
“Kinda got the impression from what Castiel told me. He can be dense sometimes but I’m pretty sure you two are dating.” She starts reading Cas’s texts out loud.
“Ha! Eileen thinks I’m cute,” Sam says, all mushy. Gross. He shifts his knee closer to Cas just because he can.
Cas watches from his doorstep as Dean shuffles back to his rambler. Same as it always is.
“Cas, I need to say something,” Dean begins. He’s been working up the nerve for a week.
Sam catches the bananas, “Congratulations on removing your head from your ass. You and Cas make plans for the ceremony yet?”
Cas smiles, practically beaming. Dean realizes that Cas hasn’t smiled like that until now.
Dean takes it without argument. He is hungry.
Sam, true to his word, does shut up after that.
“Let’s get you on the blockers. I would like to see you again in two weeks to re-evaluate the pain. It should subside as your mark finishes manifesting. I’ll send you some information sheets about LO-HGM.”
“Dude,” Dean chides, “Jack said Anna was screaming. She doesn’t do that unless something’s bothering you. Or I kick your ass in Scrabble. Come on man, talk to me. ”
When it’s time for dinner, both human and birdie, he puts them back in the birdroom and pours out their nightly pellet ration. He doesn’t need three flighted birds in the kitchen when he’s got a hot stove going.
Nougat remains still, only flicking his tongue.
Cas also does yoga and somehow guilted Dean into it as well. They have to do it in the open which makes it so much worse. Dean had steadfastly avoided telling Cas about his former profession but he’s not wrong about Dean needing to take care of his body. Hunting has taken a heavy toll.
The sudden whoosh of wings behind him almost causes him to fall off the wall he’s sitting on. He is going to have to ask Jack to text him or something before he flies in unannounced.
Dean eventually finds the willpower to descend. It’s getting toward evening and he wants to try and see the Milky Way tonight from his campsite. Dean has stargazed before. If a hunt was too much or Dad kicked him out again or some other bullshit, Dean would drive. Drive until he couldn’t see another soul. He would lay on Baby’s hood and stare up at the night sky. Mom had told him angels were watching over him but on those nights, he felt alone.
“How are your studies coming along,” Cas inquiries, straightening the pack straps on Jack’s backpack.
He grabs his cane as he heads out to the garage. Dean never thought he would live the suburban nightmare. Yet, his career change had the unintended consequence of filling his old apartment with his research. Books. Cursed objects. A ghost or two. It got cramped. Nothing interested him until the ramshackle, possibly haunted, rambler came up for sale.
Dean smirks, “Good, people need to know Mr. Winchester is off the market.”
Most days, Dean sets up a hammock outside the camper and usually reads or listens to music. Cas likes to hike, tries to drag Dean along with him. Dean resists. He’s not got the proper gear and it will be a cold day in hell before he starts dressing like a tree hugger. Cas has the whole getup. When he’s not dressing like a tax accountant, he’s in zip off convertible pants and moisture wicking shirts. He’s got five billion jackets for all possible weather scenarios.
“It’s not a problem.”
Cas looks suspiciously at the beer before opening it. He makes a face when he drinks.
Lissuin shimmers in the low light of the bedroom, “You are the most ridiculous man I have ever met.”
Cas isn’t moved. “Why not. It would seem the easier solution.”
Jack shrugs, “I think he’s okay. Uncle Gabe is arranging the family reunion and Dad was arguing with him about it.”
Dean suppresses an eye roll, “I could give it a try. I know a thing or two about cars.”
“Hello Jack,” Cas replies, “How was your day?”
Dean kicks the right-front tire.” “Pretty sure it’s dead.”
“Cas, no one says that. Anyway, I sometimes play for fun. And money. You got an interest in helping?” Dean asks, eyes trained on Cas in the rearview mirror.
Dean’s fists tighten.
“Cas, what the fuck?” Dean blurts.
Cas awkwardly clears his throat, “That’s hardly necessary.”
“Fine. I went fishing with Cas. I got myself signed up for a two-week cruise with a bunch of witches. I had dinner with Cas that night. We tried that new Ethiopian place downtown. Then we had our weekly movie night. Cas picked a documentary on English gardens. Sunday, I helped Cas in the yard. Well, I sat there and looked pretty with the birds and Cas did the work. We had a family dinner, I mean I had dinner with Cas and Jack. The kid’s got a big robot competition coming up. Cas video chatted with Claire so we caught up…..” Dean trails off. He’s already said too much.
Dean sighs, “Both. I’ve tried to tell him. I helped him raise the kids, I let him drive the Impala. I look after his birds, I made him a damn mixtape. What more can I do?”
Cas nearly fainted. The two of them were fast friends after that. Dean would flirt with him constantly but Dean flirted with everybody. It didn’t mean anything. Dean obviously wasn’t interested in him like that. He never said anything.
“What?”
“Dean,” Cas says “You cannot eat another slice. That’s your seventh tonight.”
So he did the responsible thing and listened to Fleetwood Mac all night while nursing one lone beer. Stevie understood his pain.
Just hearing Dean’s voice makes his soul marks pulse. Cas cannot see his secondary marks change but he knows flowers, tulips most likely, must be starting to bloom among the spring garden that’s taken root on his back now that it’s almost May.
Shit.
He’s at a disgusting rest stop one night. The sound of crickets fill the night air. He bought a tattered guidebook at a roadside stand miles back. Dean’s never loved the outdoors. It’s usually cold and there was a high likelihood of a vamp jumping you at any moment. But hell, he drove all the way here. He can at least try to commune with nature. Zion National Park looks beautiful.
Cas starts to apply more gunk to his face. “I would like to be back by Christmas. Jack will have a break then. Given my new flexible schedule, we can travel as we see fit. I would like to see Crater Lake.”
This would be so much simpler if Cas asked him to be in a relationship. Dean’s the one with all the repression bullshit. Why does he have to do all the work?
Dean’s first guess had been a witch. Magic would explain some parts of his travel buddy's peculiarities. Dean had fought dozens of witches. He knows the feel of magic in the air, the unsettling aura of spellwork. There was no evidence of any of that. No hex bags or random herbs. Iron hadn’t had an effect on Cas. Frankly, what kind of witch uses magic to run their car and reduce knee pain. The practical kind maybe.
The cashier gripped him tight and helped him to his feet. Dean narrowed his eyes at the nametag. The original name was crossed out and in far too small letters right above it was written “Castiel.” What kind of name was that?
“Bye Mike,” Jack says, waving his little hand back and forth.
“I’m trying to get some service here,” the lady chides.
“How could...I defile my grill for you! You see me doin’ that for any of my dates? I don’t do well-done burgers for anyone. Cept you,” Dean says.  “Look Cas, I’m sorry too. I didn’t want to fuck up our friendship. I think we were both being a couple of dumbasses.”
“I remember this eruption,” Cas begins, with no preamble. He takes a deep breath, before taking a sip of coffee.
“What brings you here? Is it a case? There’s not many hunters out here worth a damn and we’re retired,” Jody tells him.
Cas fusses around for a moment. Checking this and that. How many ceramic figurines can one angel own?
“Dude, are you serious? Put him on. I’ve got so many questions,” Sam insists.
Go fuck yourself. Also, I know Eileen kicked ass on her presentation!! Send me the video link when it’s up. Also also you better not fuck up my house again.
“Dad,” Jack squeaks, his cheeks squished between Cas’s hands. “I’m fine. Don’t worry I can sleep now that school's out. My nutrition remained acceptable. Dad please, I can’t feel my face.”
Cas takes off his shirt, carefully folding it before putting in the hamper. Dean knows that Cas is muscular. He’s spent the last few months living with him and sleeping next to him. Yet, seeing him in his bedroom, relaxed and at ease is too much.
Dean gets an idea. If he can just get the information he needs, he might be able to track down the angel during the night. These things are supposed to live in the shadows.
Cas works as the assistant manager in the Gas-n-Sip back home. He reported to work in his pressed white dress shirts and tie every damn shift. It was ridiculous, but it had certainly caught Dean’s attention when he first walked in five years ago looking for some twinkies. He barreled straight into the slushy machine, distracted by the devastatingly handsome man behind the counter. As Dean would learn, the damn thing was temperamental and proceeded to pour strawberry slushy all over Dean’s favorite flannel.
Twenty-five times on repeat and Dean is considering stuffing himself through the tiny cab window so he can escape to the camper. Cas hums along.
For a blissful moment, Dean forgets why he was worried in the first place. Habit takes over and he leans over to straighten Cas’s name tag and tighten his tie.
Sam has to pry Dean off only to hug Cas himself. Afterwards Cas tells them that Dean’s prayers woke him up. He started having vivid dreams about reuniting with the Winchesters. The Empty promptly lost it and threatened to torture him for all time if he didn’t be quiet.
“Are you Dean Winchester by any chance?” The woman asks.
“Cas?” Dean yells
He schools his face. Rufus is a good man. He doesn’t need to feel guilty about Dean’s issues.
It started well enough. When his new neighbor moved in, Dean thought he was a little weird. He dressed like a tax accountant every day, with a big drabby looking trench coat that stood in stark contrast to the bright plumage of his familiar. Then there were the birds.
Cas relaxes, “Thank you Dean. I did like the one we first toured today. It has a big backyard.”
“Jack!” Cas cries.
Jack runs over to embrace his father. They stand there, hugging tightly.
Sam glares at Dean but deflates after a moment. “Dean, don’t get me wrong. I’m glad you’ve come to your senses suddenly. But you’ve been on this case for a year. It’s all you cared about. What changed?”
Cas strokes the inside of his Dean’s wrist, “Jack misses you very much. You are a far better storyteller than Michael.”
Dean stays. What else is there to do.
Meg looks at him as if he’s stupid. She pulls out her phone from her pocket and scrolls.
Cas leans over, stretching his arm across Dean’s lap to rub Anna’s beak, “She’s slightly over two pounds. 952 grams this morning. And love, Dean’s under the influence of drugs. Don’t mind him.”
That’s what the angel – seraph, tells him. Dean’s sitting in the office, the cup of tea Castiel made him left untouched.
Dean’s burger falls out of his hands. He opens his mouth but nothing comes out. He begins to turn a bright red. He suddenly drops his gaze.
Dean stuffs the last of his pretzel in his mouth, “Yes, dumbass. We. It’s easier with two people. I mean, if you’re cool with that.”
Now is the time to strike.
“Sam and I, well, long story short, I raised him. Besides his time at college, we’ve always been together. I think he’s concerned about me, the way a brother would be. I, just. Christ, I’m not making any sense,” Dean mutters.
That Castiel is right fills Dean with rage.
Even though Dean’s marks had not yet shown themselves, Cas knows that Dean loves him like a brother. Cas treasures that love although it would be a lie to say that he had never thought about being Bonded with Dean.
“I’m just saying, not everything is as it seems. We’re hunters. We’re trained not to trust the unknown. Just, there are places out here. People. Things that defy everything you know. You didn’t say it but I know you're looking for something out here. Don’t be afraid to find it. Have a little faith. Who knows who or what that fellow was. I’m here all the same.”
Before bed, Dean decides to call Sam. Might as well tell Sam he’s got a boyfriend and said boyfriend is an angel of the Lord. Two birds with one stone.
Cas snorts, “Goodnight Dean.”
“You are infuriating, you know that,” Castiel tells him, inches from his face. “I am an ancient cosmic being Dean, I have no use or care for money. I wouldn’t bother with it at all but living on Earth does require some compromises. I have plenty to share.”
Dean knows now there are more ways to help people than just hunting.
“I’m so proud,” Cas says. God, Cas was bad enough with Jack. He is going be terrible with Dean.
After the initial excitement, the other customers went back to shopping, ignoring Dean’s predicament.
For the first time in his life, Dean laughed at his Dad. Told him to shove it up his ass. Dean’s pretty sure that Dad would have lunged at him if he wasn’t in shock. Dean grabbed Baby’s keys and slammed the door. He had nothing but a GED and six dollars in his wallet. Gas money wasn’t hard to come by. Dean had hustled pool and done odd jobs for years. He made it out to California within the week.
“Yes.” Cas declares, still holding Dean’s face. Dean is rapidly losing feeling in his cheeks.
“Hey!” Jack yells from down the hall.
“Well, you sounded apprehensive last night. Forgive me for not liking the idea of you being trapped with your shitty family on the Love Boat,” Dean huffs.
Nougat slithers into his hut, upset at the turn of events. Maybe he hates flying too.
Cas continues, “Eileen I feel would be Ninetails. They say it’s very intelligent and very vengeful. Sam would be Mr. Mime. Don’t give me that look Sam. And Dean would be Dragonite.”
The first stop is the Grand Canyon. Dean went once as a child. Dad rarely stopped at anything scenic but he took Dean and Sam for a mule ride. Besides that, they barely spent half a day there.
“I liked it!” Jack adds.
Dean gets an actual job. One that doesn’t involve ganking. It’s at a garage in town. It pays well enough. For the time being, Cas likes to work at the antique shop in town. All the oldsters love him.
“A well-done burger with creamy peanut butter on top and strawberry jelly on the bottom on a slightly toasted seedless bun,” Cas says.
“Mass of black vomit” is part of a quote from Julius Merrill featured in the visitor center. The full quote is, "It was a desolate, dismal scenery. Up or down the valley as far as the eye could reach or across the mountains and into the dim distance the same unvarying mass of black rock. Not a shrub, bird nor insect seemed to live near it. Great must have been the relief of the volcano, powerful the emetic, that poured such a mass of black vomit."
“No. Of course not,” Dean barks. “The road to the interstate is an hour south so getting moving.” He claps in the man’s face. “Come on pal. You’re wasting time. Go. Shoo.”
Dean cracks one eye open. “You’re always fond of my gorgeous mug.”
. Dean doesn’t care how much more convenient it is. The original is better goddamnit. He saw it in theaters when it first came out. He was twenty, alone on a solo hunt, struggling to track down a coven of vampires.
Sam walks around the camper, trying to discern its secrets.
Dean tries to look away but Castiel grips his chin. He’s not gonna win a staring contest with Cas.
Cas urges Dean to roll over so he can get his front. Dean’s perfectly capable of doing it himself but he won’t stop Cas if he is determined to do so.
“You are going to be on your best behavior tonight,” Cas warns sternly. “No funny business. I would like to enjoy myself at the barbeque and not have you flailing around.”
It’s late. Dean’s been texting with Sam about strategies on how to improve his Words with Friends skill. Jody has been checking in on him. She’s got some trouble with vamps. Mount Shasta is never quiet.
“I am.”
“Sammy,” Dean begins. He doesn’t know how to explain this. “You know I love you and Eileen. But the life you’re building, to be honest Sam, I don’t know. About a lot of things right now. Maybe I’ll hate it and come back after a day. I just need some time.”
The corn snake slithers around the carrier, stopping every few laps to press his nose against the glass near Claire.
Cas sits down on the step below Dean. He gazes out into the snow covered fields. He waits.
“Dean, please know that I enjoy your company immensely. I will always forgive your transgressions, as I hope you will forgive mine. However, it would be wrong of me to lie. You were a real dick.”
Dean gives up, it’s too early for this, “Why the bed and breakfast then?”
They pull off at a Gas-n-Sip before they really get into the backwoods. Cas hands Dean his credit card, they’ve been trading off on paying for gas. Dean’s got enough cash from last winter but he could use a little spending cash. This place has several fine establishments, perfect for hustling.
Castiel smiles at him. “I love you too” is said between kisses.
Jody and Donna give each other a look, something passes between them.
Cas and Jack embrace, as usual. Jack hugs Dean as well.
Cas stands to start the dishes, “Excellent. One more thing, when we get to Portland I want to stop somewhere. It’s very dear to my heart. I’d like you to experience it for yourself.”
Dean nearly spits kale right into Sam’s face. “Christ, I need to get the degree first. It’s gonna take several years. I’ll probably not start school until next fall. Thank god for online classes.
Dean locks eyes with Dr. Mills, “He’s a dude. That a problem?” He needs to make sure of that if he’s going to talk.
“The wallpaper is tacky,” Dean tries, seeking to steady his voice.
Cas motions down to a suitcase that somehow appeared out of nowhere. “I was hoping you’d have some room in your luggage. I’m afraid between Anna and me, there isn’t any room left in my suitcase.”
Dean grabs Cas’s face. There can be no ambiguity in what Dean is about to say. “Cas, you idiot. I love you too. Romantically. Like super romantically. I don’t want things to go back to the way they were because I want a relationship with you. I just, I just, it scares the shit out of me. I should have said something.”
Dean opens his mouth to refuse. There’s no way he can let Cas drop that kind of money on him. The most Dean did was drive him a few miles.
Dean then gets the bright idea to go hiking. Angel’s Landing is a little much for him. He’s faced down cold-blooded killers but pushy tourists on a sheer cliff doesn’t sound like a great time. Instead, he huffs it up to Observation Point.
They spend another two weeks in Yellowstone, doing all the touristy crap. They have to agree to buy just postcards, to put next to the old Continental license plate after Cas went a little overboard at a new agey gift shop. Cas seemed hurt Dean didn’t want to buy Yellowstone themed handmade candles.
Dean’s face is unreadable. “I get it.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Lucifer?” Demons would sometimes would talk about him but Dean figured it was metaphorical or something. They weren’t talking about the real Lucifer.
“Cas,” Dean says, his tone low. Cas’s doesn’t miss the unsaid
Meg rests against Baby, probably to annoy Dean. “He announced it over the loudspeaker.”
Cas doesn’t back down, “It remains the quintessential generation. Now, as I mentioned Jack is mew. The comparison is not perfect but as we saw Mew is very powerful but kind-hearted. Sometimes his actions have unintended consequences but he always tries to do the right thing.” Cas reaches over to squeeze Jack’s hands. Their son smiles.
Jack does slow but still bounds into his father’s lap. “Jack, love. How are you this morning?” Cas asks, smiling fondly at his son.
“You told him?” Cas asks. Gabriel didn’t need to bother Dean with the details of Cas’s life. It was very apparent Dean didn’t care much for Cas at all.
So they end up at some upscale resort. The room types all have ridiculous sounding names and a frightenedly long list of amenities. Dean’s keen on the in-house laundry. He’s a little overdo to stop by a laundromat. Thankfully there’s a double queen available.
“Nice touch on Bayleef,” Dean adds as he stuffs another slice of pizza into his mouth.
“I’m telling you Cas this motherfucker tells me that the hamburger is 95/5. Like it was a good thing. It’s like he wanted to ruin the thing,” Dean hisses. “I saved the day though. Brought some packs of the good stuff. I swear Trenton wouldn’t know a chuck from a rump if the cow bit him in the ass.”
He nearly jumps when Cas places a hand on his cheek, “Dean I know this is new for you. We don’t have to do anything you aren’t ready for or comfortable with. You just had a look in your eyes.”
For anyone interested, chapter 2 will be up soon. However future updates will be sporadic. I’ve got a new job so that’s taking up much of my time.
Dean frowns, “Cas, I wasn’t about to jeopardize your future over my dumb feelings. Besides I was pretty sure you weren’t interested in dating someone like me.”
“Dean Winchester likes men. Check. Okay. Do you know what LO-HGM is? Thumbs up or down.”
Sam looks over at the crater, grimacing. “I’m trying to develop a class on advanced magic spells. I’m not going to teach a spell without first field testing it. I wanted to create a smoke screen effect and I may have put too much ginger root in. The instructions were unclear.”
Dean looks around. The dehydrated food section is a few aisles over. He might as well make the best of this horrible situation.
“We’ve talked about this. I ain’t taking your fucking money. You already give me too much.”
The third is less of a shitbag. He is young and in over his head, not aware of the consequences of his actions. It doesn't excuse his behavior but since Dean is officially a shill for the Leahy Institute of Supernatural Learning, he gives the kid a business card. Sam sent them after Dean complained about being recognized. It will help for the kid to meet some other hunters that aren’t complete dicks.
“You're tryin’ to replace the tour guide?” Dean jokes.
Jack tilts his head, “If I crush my hand, couldn't I just heal myself?”
Dean knew not to talk about it though. Not to think about it. Not to act on it. Dad never said anything. Dean suspected that if he ever found out…
Cas hugs his son close, putting a palm against your forehead. “I can still detect a fever. I think another day of rest would be beneficial. Why don’t you tell Dean about what you’ve been doing since you last spoke.”
Dean’s palms are clammy. It wasn’t just the hunting trip that rattled him. It was what had happened the night before. Well, nothing had happened. Cas had come over for dinner, as he did most nights. It gave him some reprieve from the chaos that was the Novak family. Sam was out on a date with Eileen which meant it was just Cas and Jack.
