Systematically, each of the ravenette moves became more violent. The longer it took to cut through the Hydra forces the more rage lay on the omega's face. Even Coulson's team had to be sure to get out of the way, lest they be caught in the crossfire. The fact that Loki came into this not knowing that some of his victims were androids was troubling because he was clearly out for blood. It almost seemed to annoy the man when he realized that a number of Hydra's forces were not flesh and bone.
Fury showed up at the tower with several agents flanking his entrance. Jarvis was less than enthusiastic in announcing the directors arrival. At least this time Tony didn't send down one of the twins dirty diapers in the lift.
Tony rolled his eyes throwing his hands up in exasperation, “The sass I get! You break daddy’s heart J-kins.”
He wants to correct the man but knows that the director is right, Hydra has a strict 'no tattle tale policy'. Death before dishonor and all that. It was the same back in 41 and it's the same now, only now instead of false molars and hidden capsules it's time released dermal implants. If Hydra's assets don't return to the nest by the time allotted – dead as a doornail. Until then all they have to do is keep their mouth shut. Really, what’s the use talking when you’re going to die anyway?
“I’m in.”
Tony could not contain his jokes left and right at the expense of the leader, Scorpio. Shooting through the sky far closer to the villain than he should have been despite Steve’s warnings. Of course, that wasn’t unusual for Tony. He just had to put in his two cents.
“She would be proud of you Steven. You are a good man with a lovely family.”
“Magic”, she smiled and shrugged her shoulders.
She quickly found that those who would fight to the death protecting the one-day king beset her way to the throne on both sides. However, they all seemed to forget Odin is other sons.
Steve pinched the bridge of his nose and closed the laptop. “Just forget it.”
Tony thinks it is somewhat cute how the bots miss him so much when he has been away from them for a while. Like excited puppies hearing the front door open, they come rolling up to him when he enters the shop. Each time he steps through the doors it is like coming home for the first time. Before the alpha had settled down, he never really felt at home anywhere else. Some might call it cold to take comfort among metal and gears, but Tony doesn't feel that very at all. Growing up he was, as coddled and spoiled as some people might like to think. All he really had was the things he made with his hands. Circuits and wires lined his childhood dreams and through those aspirations and hard work came his “kids”. As troublesome as the bots could be they had been more than just projects between youthful transgressions.
I didn't have time, and there wasn't even a body left to bury. Your soul was lost and my heart left to morn once again.
The day the war ended, Steve tore the Captain’s star from his lapel and threw it into the ocean. After all of the fighting, all of the death, everything he had lost. It all came down to a bunch of old men sitting around a table somewhere and just…. agreeing to disagree. Some sort of understanding of peace that made the years he spent seem trivial.
After the first impact rocked the foremost gates, Tony jetted out over the warehouse. Landing with a clunk on the distressed old tar roof, the HUD scanned for possible booby traps or monitoring equipment. Not that Stark expected to find any given the age and general dilapidated appearance of the building. Theses days, Hydra was spreading themselves thin. Since Red Skulls disappearance the group had floundered under some less than inspiring political minds. Bad for them but good for the world at large. Not only that but there were new baddies on the block and as the saying goes ' the enemy of my enemy is my friend.' SHIELD had been monitoring the cells of terrorist activity and ill-organized militia – so far the fall out for big red's escape had slowed the age-old foe down to a crawl.
I could sense the mounting...sexual tension
That was what the very Steve like voice in Tony’s head said. That half whisper that still held so much strength. “To bad fearless leader… You don’t get a say anymore.” Tony muttered closing his heart of to the memory.
“Pull back, well fall back to the ship and provide logistical support from above. We'll see how that big bitch likes a cannon blast.”
Let alone given a week to simmer.
Before Steve, before there was someone there who understood what it meant to not be able to just stand by and let things happen. Someone willing to stand by his side when the proverbial shit hit the fan. The Captain who did not ask him to sit back in safety while the world burned around them.
"When is he not." the once prince commented dryly. " he will have to learn that this constant fretting is pointless. It would be shrewder to deliver me away to waste than keep me under some misguided vigil."
Sitting alone in the reformed avengers compound he listened for distant conversation and footsteps as they came and went. A pair of familiar steps paused at the opening of the common room. He indeed wished that the foolish mortal would give up.
“He’s awake.”
“Turn around.” Steve growled pulling Tony up by his hair. Knowing how the billionaire liked it rough on occasion. “Drop your pants now.”
Stark looks down at his hands in horror as the flesh bubbles and turns a bright red. The burning mass that was once his hands then shimmers for a moment from gold to silver... “What the hell...” his words crack as another rush of black blood forces its way up his throat. Tony barely manages to turn on over and not asphyxiate on the bile and blood. Looking down at the mess he starts to think its a lot more than just breakfast...it looks like bits of organ, then suddenly it all makes horrible sense.
No ones completely bullet proof, James understood that more than anyone did. Especially after this last mission. They could have died and then what?
Treading carefully, the alpha took a seat. His shoulders slumping under the steady blue gaze across from him. “Steve I...I'm not okay. I know that but...I wouldn't take it back. I didn't want to die there and miss out on all this. Please understand that I never meant to hurt you I just wanted to come home. I was so afraid...”
“Do I love you? Do I hate you? I can’t make up my mind, so let’s free fall and see where we land.”
Steve found himself whisked away to be poked, prodded and urged to pee. That last one was more than a little awkward.
So yeah, maybe Tony wasn’t the poster child for emotional wellness.
The little boy grinned and ran toward his voice only to skid to a stop staring at Tony with wide eyes beginning to brim with tears.
After the Madam had taken control of Hydra, she began to reform her forces. Gone where the days of pedigreed soldiers who were raised for the cause. Madam Hydra wanted killers, madmen. Most of all - she wanted monsters.
Joseph Rogers, the young man who had caught Sarah's eye- had been a hard man to love. At times he was too stubborn and saw the world in black and white. He was a soldier and son of a Duke who was once a highly decorated general of the kings army. Joseph had every intention of following in his father's footsteps. Thankfully there was another part of his father's legacy he also intended to follow. The duke adored his wife and son, and like him – Joseph had loved Sarah and their happiest day he loved their first born son- Steven.
Rogers shook his head as he moved to change in the bathroom, “yeah I’m sure it did, put your name on the side to?”
“Cheeky little shit..,” Tony said getting a bit of revenge by reaching around and stroking Steve’s flagging arousal making the omega moan weakly.
Maria had been the one thing in his life that kept him grounded. They had been so excited about the baby; everyone in their little family had been so excited. Even Peggy and her partner Angie had been all smiles to hear about the little one. It was such a shock to lose Maria. Then…then Howard disappearing out to sea with the baby and coming back alone with these tales of monsters.
“What kind of test?”
One taste..so crisp brought it down
“Maybe, I hate to think anything like that about Bucky…but who knows what goes on behind closed doors?”
Tony remembered the nightmares Steve had on occasion, he would wake up covered in sweat and fall out of bed. Mumbling things about Nazi’s, the Luftwaffe, and about the ice. Jarvis was good about calmly calling out the date and the time. Tony had the Ai do so for him after Afghanistan and again after New York. Tony often felt like he was poor imitation soldier next to Steve. Steve had seen so much in his time, things Tony knew nothing about beyond documentaries and history books. Nothing beyond faded memories of the look in his own fathers eyes on memorial day.
As for Tony, he was completely in love with his new son and daughter. The inventor honestly couldn’t put into words how it felt to hold his baby girl and cut the cord tethering her to her bearer, and moments later - do the same for his son.
Howard was sure this was a horrible idea, still - he swung the lantern from the ships bow as the sailor had told him. It was meant to signal the sirens to the ship, ‘a light in the darkness’ the man had said. Comparing the golden glow of the oil lamp to the lighthouses steering ships safely to shore. The light would show the mer there was no harm to come to them if they should approach the vessel. Howard was skeptical, and rightly so. No one had believed the sailors tales - who in their right mind would?
Barnes did snort at that. “You wound me, comparing me to Mr. Armani suits and sunglasses.”
Behind them, the team would snicker and offer various comments of ‘get a room’ or something to that effect.
So maybe he did lean in a bit more and backed off on his own cologne. No one needed to know about that part.
‘High -risk’, that’s what the doctor said.
Bastrop, Texas wasn't much to look at. Of course, Mallen, Nilsen and Beck didn't come out to the abandoned slaughterhouse on the outside of town for its charming views. It was an out of the way place that had been suggested that Mallen could be the first recipient of the Extremis serum.
There had to be a sacrifice play to bring things back around. The righteous cause needed a face upon their banner, a fire to light in the hearts of those who still wanted to believe. However, the fires that burn the brightest are found in destruction, the sad fact that out of tragedy comes solidarity.
“I mean you no harm!” Steve said trying valiantly to appear as nonthreatening as possible. Not that it seemed to appeal to the girl. She shrieked in agony and struggled desperately to hold onto the failing mermale in her arms. “Please allow me to help you!”
Loki doesn't even look back at the beta, his shoulders straighten and he makes his stand. “I will not stand idly by Doctor Banner, I am a prince of Asgard and warrior by right.” He glances back and feels a tug in his heart watching Steve suffer. He moved closer once more and kneels down taking the blonde omega's chin in his hand. There isn't much he can do for Steve, but perhaps this will be enough.
However, this wasn’t a dream, life wasn’t that kind.
“Sweetie I’m sure he’s fine.” The ginger moved in wrapping her arms around the larger man, letting Steve press his face to her neck.  “Jarvis please shut off the news, when you have coms patch them through directly.”
“Why on earth would you be jealous of Bucky? Honey, he’s another Alpha male.”
“Love you too.” he answered, happiness shining through his eyes. Words can’t describe how much he loves this man. How much he completes Tony, and how Tony would do anything to keep him happy. After Steve’s knot went down and slipped out of him, Steve moved to settle beside Tony. Tugging his mate to sleep closer to him, Steve positioned them so he could spoon Tony from behind. Steve gave him one last kiss on his lips, then like a light the two lovers succumbed to pull of sleep not knowing that a storm was brewing on the horizon.
Steven saw the blade and balked at the idea of Anthony going up against a sea monster with what amounted to a kitchen knife, “Your Highness, I think you’ll find that you’ll be faced with immense difficulty in executing such a plan.”
“You lovebirds have fun now!” Tony called out to them. Next to him, Bruce looked at the leaving couple wistfully. Tony was pretty sure there was a sigh going on over there too. Tony ducked back down to the tablet in front of him, opening up the latest schematic of the newest BARF prototype, hiding the small mischievous smile on his face. What a bizarre love triangle…
He was lying down on the couch, face up, with a heating pad situated at his lower back groaning in pain from the cramps. The other Avengers were milling around the living room. Apparently it was a slow day, and no one seemed to have an appointment that would take them outside of the Tower. Bruce was somewhere, probably puttering around in his lab. Natasha was reading Page Six on the couch with Tony’s feet propped up on her lap. Clint was sitting on the floor, watching
“Pee vee equals n ar tee!”
“I’ve been by your side since I was fourteen years old, Tony. I never complained even when you pulled the most outrageous shit in the history of the world. I deserve to have that baby named after me.”
Tony was starting to wake up, his brow scrunching up adorably as his eyes started to flutter open. Steve felt him sigh against his chest, and Tony started caressing his chest, signaling Tony’s wakefulness.
There was something pressing on Steve’s chest that caused him to be pulled out of his sleep. It had a hold on him, tight around his torso and it was twitching too. Something scratchy was around his nose, prompting Steve to scrunch up his nose in an attempt to avoid it. Blearily, Steve opened his eyes intent on dislodging the thing off of him and continued back to sleep when he realized that it was Tony, with his octopus-like tendencies to cling in his sleep, was the one who was on top of him and all around him. Tony’s arms were wrapped around his waist, while his head rested heavily on Steve’s chest. His earlier instincts to shrug the weight off him changed to fondness and affection, Steve’s free arm found itself wounding around Tony’s back to touch him. Tony’s beating heart against his was comforting, solid proof that he was here with Steve, alive and well and smothering Steve to death in his sleep.
“The usual,” Tony said, “something something good of the company, bla bla bla profits this quarter. Something useless like that. Although I did notice an increase in people questioning my ability to make decisions. Did they think being pregnant somehow affect the way my brain functions?”
“To be clear, I’m not saying you can’t expand or add new things. I’m very interested in finally applying the artificial intelligence system you developed at MIT to our pipeline.” Obie must have seen Tony’s crestfallen expression. He put down his unlit cigar on the ashtray and stood up from behind his desk to come around to where Tony was sitting, placing his big hand on Tony’s shoulder, “Tell you what, how’s about you work on the arc reactor. It’s been years and nobody I hire could bump up the efficiency to more than 25%. Would that be something you’re interested in? A science project of some sort.”
Anthony jumped at yelped at the violent sight. Belatedly he realized his hand had flew up to his open mouth, his wide brown eyes were trained firmly on the carnage in front of him. He couldn’t believe it, this mysterious man managed to annihilate the monster that had been terrorizing the citizenry of Aethiopia in a matter of minutes. Anthony willed himself to move, he had to be down there, by the ocean next to the man that saved his life. The man that stole his heart completely with the sound of a question. Anthony ran towards the beach where Steven was still catching his breath, his arms were covered in blood and viscera. When he heard the thunderous sound of Anthony’s feet and his heaving breaths, Steven turned around to see the prince rushing towards him.
Sam’s eyes widened as he realized that neither James or little James were on the plane.
Tony, with baby Joe in his arms, sauntered into the kitchen like he owned the place (which he did). Steve shot him an exasperated look, more than used to his mate’s teasing.
But that’s just it: it’s all an act. Now that Tony knew what to look for, Thor’s interactions with Jane felt stilted. There was no chemistry there, no underlying of affections between them. They seemed uneasy with each other, like two strangers who came together too fast and now that the spark was gone were unsure why they were together in the first place.
Then snippets of his conversations with Joe started coming back to the forefront of his mind.
“Here? In this bar?” Coulson asked incredulously, “I didn’t see him.”
Tony laughed. And thus begun the most amazing day in Tony’s life.
After he stopped laughing Steve gestured at Tony’s hands and said, “May I?”
“As your lawyer, I must advise you. If Mr. Wilson lodges a suit the outcome is not assured in our favor.” Nick said again.
When he and Steve stepped into the penthouse living room that morning on their way to the kitchen, the room was dark despite the fact it was morning. The eponymous soundtrack to “The Godfather” was playing from the sound system and Clint was sitting on one of the chairs, decked out in full Godfather garb, complete with the slicked back hair and fake moustache and a cat he got from God knew where on his lap. Steve looked wide eyed and confused at the whole thing, while Tony just rolled his eyes at the display. There was also a banner splayed on top of the family picture over the mantle proclaiming “Congratulations, Clint!”
“When do you need to be there, son?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Son, this is not the time for one of your philosophical debates, okay?” Steve shot back.
“Now repeat to
“What’s up, Big Guy? Want some lunch?” Tony greeted him, sitting down on the couch leaving room in the middle for Steve to sit between him and Thor.
“I’m sure you were, son.” Steve added, “she was a good girl and I know you cared about her and she cared about you too. But sometimes it takes more than fitting together to stay together.”
.” Tony pointed at his head for emphasis, “I wasn’t afraid you were gonna run out with him in that sense, but more in the sense that you’d realize that the past was better than the future, and then I’d have to raise Ulysses by myself.”
Tony could feel himself blush like a schoolgirl. God, what was it about this man that get him, genius playboy billionaire, all twitterpated. “Well- that is- I’m just doing what anyone would have done.”
” Tony complimented him. His heart feeling like it’s growing in size as he saw how sweet and caring Ulysses was towards his little brother. He glanced down surreptitiously at his still flat stomach, where the boys’ newest sibling was growing at the moment. Tony couldn’t wait to welcome this newest member of their family and how much he was looking forward to see how his boys would react to having a new baby brother or sister.
“Stark’s preggers again.”
“I heard you the first time, Buck. Find it, get rid of it, burn it--whatever. The only problem is, I didn’t kill the guy. Pierce said you’re in HYDRA’s pocket. Did he send this man?”
“Look, our first job is to find out who killed Rumlow. Finding out who sent him is secondary.” Sharon reiterated to all the parties involved.
“We’ll be okay, Steve. We’ll be fine.”
Thank you to everyone who has been with me since the beginning (you know who you are ;) ) Your comments and kudos gave me encouragements to keep writing this story to the end, and I love each and every one of you.
“You want anything, Papa?” Peter asked before they left.
Back at the bar, Sarah’s employees were hard at work preparing for opening time. With the initial closing and now reopening of the bar, the crew was scrambling to prepare everything necessary before opening the bar, albeit belatedly, for business. The kitchen crew was busy at work with food prep, while the bartenders were busy restocking the liquor shelves with fresh bottles of hard liquors.
Tony curled in towards Steve in their bed, loathed as he was to be away from Steve, his sole source for comfort, and Steve seemed to share that sentiment. He hugged Tony close to his body, warm strong arms resting on Tony’s waist and his lower back, massaging the throbbing pain that was still present. Tony pressed his face closer to Steve’s neck, inhaling the deep masculine scent of his Alpha and feeling a wave of comfort wash over him at the gesture.
“I would say that that makes a lot of sense.” Steve smiled reassuringly.
“Not the swollen ankles or morning sickness?” Natasha asked him.
Steve panted, chest heaving trying to catch his breath. “Happy birthday, Dad.”
“-- his plane leaves every night?” Tony interjected, looking at Quill, “there’s only one problem with that.”
Their dad looked conflicted between accepting charity from a stranger and feeding his children. After a moment, he seemed to decide that pride be damned and feeding his children was more important. “Okay,” he said, “Thanks, man. I promise I’ll pay you back,”
Joseph Carbonell Stark Rogers was born on a rainy Monday morning on Veteran’s Day, affirming Steve and Tony’s decision to name him after the man whose sacrifice they were honoring on the day World War I ended one hundred years ago.
“What a weird dream…” Steve murmured.
“Steve, no…that’s not what I meant. I saw him on the television in the living room this morning before you came back for your run.” Tony said. His clarification seemed to deflate Steve’s rage.
) his permission to slay the monster on his behalf.
Tony had done a lot of unadvisable stuff in his young, misguided days at MIT. Which continued later on after he graduated up to the time life finally gave him a smack in the face and told him to clean up his act. He never before regretted what he did at parties or otherwise. Tony didn’t believe in shirking responsibility for the consequences of his actions. If you did the deed, then you better be prepared for the consequences.
Tony jumped at the unexpected intrusion by his PA, “Christ, Nat. Don’t do that. Don’t you know I have a heart condition? I have a pacemaker in me, you know. What if it fails?”
“He’ll be back soon, sweetheart. He’ll be with us again. Soon…” Steve trailed off, eyes wandering back to the direction the EMTs took Tony to. Tony would be fine, he had to be. In the meantime, he turned his attention to comfort his son. Ulysses needed him now, and Steve wouldn’t leave him behind again.
Thor and Jane observed them silently, a look of longing on their faces as they looked at the couple sitting across from them. Thor broke the silence, “Uh, Jane, would you like some of my stew?”
In hindsight, Tony shouldn’t have been surprised by the fact that it happened, only that it took this long to happen at all. He and Steve had been lucky so far. Guess the Fates were trying to be lenient to them after all the clusterfuck that was their lives leading up to meeting each other (and some time after that). But as the old adage said nothing lasted forever.
Okay, Steve thought,  note to self: get rid of oranges and don’t let Tony see Natasha drink boba tea.
Just as he felt Hypnos’ pull towards slumber, a shrill ringing noise rang across their room jolting him back to wakefulness. Tony jerked awake at the sound and groggily opened his eyes, “Whuzzat? Jarbis, whaz goin on?” he slurred out, yawning the whole time.
“I know, babe. I’m the one in labor here,” Tony told him, “also, can you stop squeezing my hand, honey? It hurts.”
“Anthony,” he opened his mouth to reprimand the prince. It still wasn’t safe for him to be anywhere on the beach. Steven was about to tell him just that when Anthony launched himself to Steven, prompting him to wrap his bloodied hands around the prince to save them both from falling to the sands. Steven had a moments’ thought of how well their bodies fit together. Anthony’s head reached just under his jaw, making it perfect for the young prince to tuck his face in the crook of Steven’s neck. It brought to mind scenes of them entwined with each other, seeking comfort and happiness in each other’s presence. A happiness brought on by two people and their mutual love and affection in each other. Anthony shifted and directed those bright, beautiful, brown eyes at him. He was smiling jovially, a smile that Steven was helpless not to return before he remembered his own train of thought. He opened his mouth to convey his message but was unable to utter a single word, for the prince surged forward and passionately kissed him on the lips.
“It’s like you forgot we’re parents,” Tony scoffed, “our vacation time ceases to be the moment they’re born, Steve. We’re going to be at defcon one the moment we step into that hotel.”
“Steve...”
Sure he was pretty smart. Any child of Tony Stark wasn’t capable of being dumb. Uncle Bruce praised his mad chemistry skillz and told him numerous times that he wouldn’t have been able to complete a project or make an experiment work without Peter’s inputs and suggestions. And Peter had to agree with Uncle Bruce on that. The man won a Nobel Prize, okay? Peter wasn’t gonna say no to a compliment for him. Babbo and Joe would always ask him to work with them on any biochem related projects, the latest of which their attempts to further stabilize and deweaponize Extremis which the three of them finally achieved (team work! yay!). His parents, siblings, aunts and uncles all knew their calling in life. Maybe it was by virtue of his age, but Peter was still searching for that one thing that could help him become “something more”.
Steve knelt and placed a single rose before the grave, he kissed his palm and touched it to the etched name. Anthony Edward Stark. "You were the right partner.."
Fury.
Steve nodded and lifted Peter up onto his knee, “Well sweetheart, you came out of your omegas tummy and then you came to live with us. We loved you so much that when we saw you we knew that you were meant to be our little boy. Remember how daddy said that we don’t look alike because our blood is different, that’s part of it.”
AN: First off I wanna say I am not good at action but I try my best so don’t rip me apart or be rude if its not good enough.
Steve smiled and slowly lowered himself onto the floor with a groan. His back and knees bothered him today; he hoped all the more his so-called family would not return tonight then maybe he could boil some water for a bath. He was only allowed to bathe in an old wooden washtub outside usually.
“no?” Tony almost whined and Steve wiggled away and they both righted themselves on the seats.
“Oooooooooo someone’s gonna get it” Darcy cooed watching a very agitated Loki swim down the corridor.
“Don’t act like your blameless in this Widow, how much blood is on your hands. If it wasn’t for me…”
“Natasha’s right, I’d go for spiral staircase myself.” Phil chimed in as he pulled a gun from a fallen hydra agent and climbed into a jeep after tossing out a body. “If its metal it also adds to resell value. Have to think about future property values.”
It pissed Mallen off all the more how over confident the avenger was. Good doesn't always win, life was unfair and cruel. He'd rip Stark limb from limb and show them, he'd show them all. Hydra would string the bodies of those gilded 1%er's from the roof tops and tear down the establishment. Chaos was the only motivator, the spark they needed to hit restart on society.
Steve was fast, but the Winter Soldier was lethal. The brunette had no qualms in causing as much bodily harm as possible to achieve his objective. The Captain however, did not want this to end in blood shed.
Loki scoffed. “I am not a mortal creature agent, I doubt very much any would have proper knowledge to tend to me. As for James, I do not wish to worry him, he had enough on his mind with Shield's demands on his time. To add to his already monumental tasks with additional strife of my own would be a true lack of care on my part.”
“Doubtful.” Loki chuckled. “I do apologize if my absence has been inconvenient. I will understand if you have to find someone to take over my position.”
And I don't know how it happened, but it happens still.
Steve was still concentrated on dinner and expected may be a subversive snort or at the boldest a muttered word from his boy. What he didn't expect was a choked sob
Even when Tony tried to distance himself, there was always Pepper or Bruce hovering on the outskirts of his troubled little world. Steve and Rhodey there to kick his ass down a few notches.
“Whoa, whoa, back it up for a second. You’ve seen another man naked.”
“That is a distinct possibility, yes.”
Tony wrinkled his nose. “Doesn’t sound like me at all.”
Tony was sitting on the floor, a few empty vials scattered around him. “I can explain,” he said. He scrambled to his feet, slipping and falling back into a puddle of dark liquid. A cloud of glittering purple dust rose into the air.
“No need. Lay down. We’re doing this cowboy style. Because if I’m going to ride Captain America’s dick, I’m going to ride Captain America’s dick. You know what I’m saying?”
Tony didn’t believe he needed much prep, but Steve made sure to liberally coat his erection before Tony climbed into his lap.
Steve rolled his eyes. “If I’m getting naked, I think you should too. Give us both something to look at.”
“Well, why didn’t you?”
“We didn’t discuss positions.”
“Oh, good point.” Tony sat up in bed and pulled his shirt up over his head. “But I could just blow you now. I don’t have to finish getting naked for that. But you do.” He waggled his eyebrows.
“Oh, I know that. I just think we should figure it out now so we’ll be ready when the time comes. We should do something weird and kinky that I might be embarrassed about later. Maybe fisting. That seems kind of scary, considering how big your hands are.”
Tony slung an arm around Steve’s shoulders. “Let’s take this somewhere private, big guy, and I’ll tell you everything. That’s kind of weird, isn’t it? It sounds weird.”
Steve blinked. “Me? I’m your soulmate?”
“That’s what I said, isn’t it?”
“Hey, I think my dick’s getting back into things,” Tony said with delight. He was already sporting a semi.
“You think I’m going to be traumatized when this is all over? Oh please. It takes a lot more than sex to traumatize me. So what if I’m a little more impulsive than usual? This thing isn’t going to suddenly give me an interest in anal if I hated it before. Which, by the way, definitely don’t hate. Nothing better than a good, deep dicking. Not that dicks are end all, be all. I’m pansexual as fuck and Pepper and I always had a good time when we were together.”
Loki’s hand hovered over the chess board and then he stopped, eyes narrowing. “Someone is disturbing my potions storeroom.”
Steve came with a punched out groan. There was a warm, wet feeling against his leg and he supposed Tony must have come too, just from sucking him off.
“Why? What’s wrong with Tony?”
“I one hundred percent consent to any and all sex acts,” Tony said eagerly. “I’ve tried just about everything over the years and there’s not much I’m not into.”
Steve chuckled. “Everyone always thinks that.”
“I don’t care how you do it as long as you do it somewhere else.” Loki made a shooing motion. “I have quite a mess to clean up already and I don’t need bodily fluids added to it.”
Tony nodded vigorously. “Having to fuck it out with my soulmate for a few hours isn’t exactly a hardship.”
Steve sighed. “No, Tony. I’m just trying to figure out what this all means. If we put stock in your theory, we’re soulmates so we were always meant to fall in love anyway and there were already feelings between us.”
“So, this is super awkward,” Tony said. He wrapped an arm around Steve’s leg and slid himself across the floor. “But this is the perfect angle to see the outline of your dick in your sweats and I really want to suck that thing. So if this isn’t what you want, you really need to send me off to the Hulk-proof suite for a few hours because I don’t know how much longer I can control myself.”
“Your dick? Of course I have. You’d have to be the straightest of straight not be the least bit curious what you’re packing under that spandex.”
“What were you doing in Loki’s storeroom anyway?”
“Oh, hey, Cap. Never better. ” Tony beamed up at him, a glazed look in his eyes. Pink slime dripped from his hair.
Tony nodded. “That makes sense. I’ve always fantasized about dating you.”
“Dearest? What the fuck?”
After all the attention Tony had showed him, it was time for Steve to return the favor.
Steve dutifully took a step back and watched as Loki worked his magic, a green mist settling over the purple dust. At last, Loki dropped his hands. “I’ve neutralized any lingering affects,” he said. “Now we shall see just what damage has been done.”
War machine slammed into the ground and struggled to stand, inside the suite red lights were flashing and warnings popped up all over the HUD. Still Rhodes wasn’t going to give up.. “Tony ..Just  listen to me.”
No, he knew Steve was likely in that gilded tower with Stark, happy…breed with the billionaire’s pups. The flash of Howard’s face in his mind made him ache, Howard used to eye Steve too. He wondered if the younger Stark had those same longing dark eyes, if the inventor touched Steve softly and spoke pretty, educated words in hushed tones.  That always led to darker thoughts of Marie Stark, the omega staring up at him and begging for her life.
It was sweet, Steve wasn’t sure he’d ever heard this. He did remember his mother reading Peter Pan to him as a child. He loved the idea of running to some magical far away place where everything was better and brighter, where no one was sick or grew old. He remembered wondering if he could wish hard enough, that a fairy would come and make him well.
It felt like weeks since he slept, since he bathed. Since he’d even seen his son.
“Some people can’t make the hard choices.”
“Understood Miss Potts”
Clint and Natasha knew something was up, ever since Steve and Tony came out into the open and parted ways things had just felt tense all over the tower.  It was a trickle down effect neither liked, it had the whole pack on edge seeing the two men avoid each other. Well…Steve wasn’t avoiding, the soldier was seeking and his Alpha turning tail at ever approach. Who the hell knew how Stark's mind worked anyway. Still it was hard to watch Steve take each excuse a little harder each time.
Glances are exchanged and in a split second, the contract was made.  An unspoken plea to allow base instincts to take over. They had been doing this for a while now, it all started that night at the safe house, they were both so high strung and something just…snapped. One moment they were snapping at each other and then… then they couldn’t stop touching. It was like igniting a fire with alcohol - that bright flash that seemed to explode to life.
Lifting his head the soldier smiled, his vision graying at the edges and blood pooled around his feet. “Tony?”
Nothing to see here folks.
Phil moved around the compound getting his teams in place. “So this is a test run, see how her new toy stacks up against our best and brightest?”
“No I...Shit. I don't even know when I'm talking now. That's just fucking wonderful.” Leaning forward the alpha puts his head in hands. “Something happened to me Barnes. I'm in here because...I don't know if I'm safe . No maybe that's not the right way to say it. I Don't know if everyone is safe from me.”
Mouse in question flicked his tail and narrowed his red eyes. The other slightly larger brown mouse sounded as though it was laughing with little rapid squeaks.
was a quaint little place. They had a 1930’s theme that James seemed to always enjoy. The place was owned and operated by several young ladies who always tried to great their regular customers by name and remember their usual orders. It was charming and the children also enjoyed the activity and coloring pages at each booth.
Normally Steve would have balked at the order but his head was still a little hormone fuzzy and having Tony tell him what to do felt nice. He'd get a little grumpy later but for now his hind-brain was content to lie back down and let Alpha take care of him.
The truth was they did, everyone had pain and had been through suffering. Everyone knew what it was like to feel like second best and not be heard. To have their needs set on the back burner. Many of them had grown up under the banner of  'don't air your dirty laundry'. So he wasn't alone when talking about his hidden fears.
“Fine… just . . . Fine.” Steve said, though his words lacked conviction as he slowly turned and sat his aching feet on the floor. It was just past 3:17 am. He’d gone to sleep a little after midnight and taken a while to slip into dream. Steve tried to recall the last time he checked the clock. Had it been 1 am or 1:45? Something like that.
This was not happening, this seriously want happening. How could I be so stupid… oh god what would my ma think!
Cap:.....tony...*blushes*
The soldier tried his best to calm  his racing heart, “Fine..” his voice shook even as he spoke trying hard to force it . “I’m fine thanks Jarvis.”
Tony considered for a moment. “No, I don’t think I could pull off bald. Never mind.”
“You’re very lucky you only knocked over the potions you did.” Steve glanced around at the hundreds of potions lined up along the shelves. “This could have been so much weirder.”
Tony raised a challenging eyebrow and sucked harder.
“I think we’ve done enough talking,” Tony said. “If I remember right, you’re my soulmate. How about that? And I bet we never would have figured it out without Loki’s potions.”
“Right, because that’s a weird thing to bring up with the guy you want to bone. What the fuck? I thought ‘Hell yeah, no inhibitions means I’m finally free to get up close and personal with Steve’s dick, no questions asked.’ But all I’ve been doing is blurting out the first thing that pops into my head.”
“Okay.”
“That’s good to know, but I’m more concerned about the emotional aspect.”
Steve chuckled. “No, but I’m sure I’m going to hear all about it real soon.” It was kind of charming in a way. Tony didn’t have much of a filter to begin with, but he would probably be embarrassed by any sappiness when it was all over.
“I mean, hey, if you want to criticize my reading choices instead of having sex, I’m not going to stop you.”
“No, this is not good,” Loki said. He stared at the shattered remains of one of the bottles. “I’ll have my brother take you to a containment room immediately until it all wears off.”
“Not yet. We have to take care of some business first.” Steve hit the emergency stop.
"Deal."
“I think you’re a much more generous lover than you like to pretend to be.”
“Next? Tony, I don’t know if you realize this, but even I have a refractory period. The serum didn’t make that go away.”
He felt Tony’s grin, saw the corners of his eyes crinkle with amusement.
Tony hung his head. “I’m sorry. I don’t know why I keep fixating on random shit, but I promise I do really want to have sex. So I’m going to make it up to you. First, I’m going to suck your dick.” He tugged Steve closer by the belt loops and rubbed his cheek against Steve’s crotch. “I’ve gotta see if the serum did anything to the taste of your semen. You know, for science.”
Steve rolled his eyes. “But it was never anything serious. We’ve always been friends first.”
“Uh….Tony, that’s, uh…”
“That’s personal, Tony. I don’t want to go over my history with you right now.”
“And you’re not?” Loki deftly moved his knight, capturing Steve’s rook. “Strategy is your forte, is it not, Captain? And I’m sure you would rather me than he rest of your merry band of idiots.”
“Goddamn. We could have been doing this a long time ago. Fuck. I should have used some of my better pickup lines on you.”
“Oh, yes I do. I want to get fucked at some point.” Tony kicked off his jeans and pulled down his underwear. “Ah, that’s better. Look your fill, Steve-o. Normal, regular human abs. Normal, regular human thighs. Normal, regular human dick. I’m sure being around Buckaroo all the time, you’ve forgotten what regular, non-serum enhanced people look like.”
Steve sighed and pulled the blankets tighter around his shoulders. “Yes, dearest?” He didn’t know how Tony still had so much energy after hours and hours of sex. The damn potion had better wear off soon. Steve wanted sleep some time tonight.
“But we have to talk about this a little while you’re still in your right mind. Or mostly in your right mind.”
Steve sighed and reached for his last pawn. “Still seems like you’re enjoying this a little too much.”
Steve extended a hand and helped pull Tony to his feet. “You’re not going to need the containment room. I think we can figure things out for ourselves.”
They had quite a bit of time to kill before either of them would be ready to go again. Tony lamented that he just wasn’t as virile as he used to be in his younger days. But that was fine with Steve. Now that Tony wasn’t so horny and impatient, they had all the time in the world to talk things out and see where their relationship really stood.
“Stark,” Loki said, his expression murderous. “I should have known.”
Steve almost arched off the bed as Tony swallowed him back down whole. He shouldn’t have been surprised. Tony threw himself into every new experience with reckless abandon. He didn’t know the meaning of taking things slow.
He had a point. Steve had tried playing chess with both Clint and Bucky and it had been a disaster each time. The two of them could sit in a sniper’s nest for hours, but they didn’t have the patience to sit through a single chess game.
Tony pulled off with a wet pop. “You can pull on my hair if you want. I like it a little rough. If you’re ever in the position to return the favor, I’m weak for blowjobs with a hint of teeth.” He flashed Steve a smile.
“You’re not going to hurt me. I trust you. But fine, we’ll stick with good old fashioned fucking.”
“Same here.”
“I’m not putting you in the Hulk-proof room.”
“I think one of the bottles fell on his head,” Steve said. “He might have a concussion.”
“Hey, Steve?”
“Well, once it all comes back to you, you’ll realize how it all really went down.” Steve stroked a hand down Tony’s back. “And then we should probably talk about it.”
“You focus. I’m doing my absolute best to convince you I’m DTF and you’re…I don’t know what you’re doing. Stalling maybe?” He frowned. “Fuck, you’re not having a gay panic, are you?”
Loki’s eyes went wide. “Stand back, Captain,” he ordered. “This could be deadly.”
Steve shrugged. “You’ve never seemed like the type to keep those feelings to yourself. I’ve watched you hit on countless people within seconds of meeting them. I figured if you were interested at all, you would have said something.”
———————
Tony raised an eyebrow. “Okay?”
“Slow isn’t in my vocabulary,” Tony muttered. He braced his hands on either side of Steve’s thighs and carefully lowered himself down.
“You don’t have to get undressed if you don’t want to,” Steve said gently.
“I don’t, but you should go for it if it’s what you want to do.”
“I mean, we fooled around a few times during the war.”
Jesus, what a thought.
There was the sound of breaking glass followed by, “Ow! Shit, shit, fuck!”
“Another man besides Bucky? Who? How many? Was sex involved or were you just showering at the gym?”
Tony licked his lips. They were spit-slick and swollen, bright cherry red.  He beamed. “So, what next?”
“I distinctly remember Loki mentioning a potion to improve focus,” Steve muttered.
It hurt a little that it was some of the best sex of Steve’s life and Tony didn’t remember any of it. But he forced a warm smile. “No, Tony. I’m fine. You were actually very sweet and considerate.”
Steve sat up and kicked off the blankets. “Oh good, you’ve come back to your senses. How do you feel?”
Steve snapped his fingers. “Focus, Tony.”
Loki held up a finger. “There’s one more thing I must warn you about. There’s a slight chance that his penis may become barbed like a cat’s.”
It didn’t take long for him to feel close to the edge. Tony was damn good, knew just how to take Steve apart and he quickly felt himself spiraling out of control.
“Take it easy,” Steve warned. “I don’t want you hurting yourself.” He steadied his hands on Tony’s hips. “Nice and slow.”
“My body is ready,” Tony declared. “Have your wicked way with me, Captain.”
“I’ll explain later.”
Tony’s face went white. “So even if he tells me he’s totally uninterested, I might jump him anyway.”
It was hard not to buck up into the heat of Tony’s mouth. Steve panted and put his hands over his thighs in an iron grip.
“Sticky, mostly. Really sticky. Guess we fucked quite a few times. Did I…did I hurt you at all? I didn’t just jump you, did I?”
Tony rubbed his hands together gleefully. “So you’re totally single. Excellent. I won’t have to worry about Terminator hunting me down and well, uh, terminating me. I’m totally single right now too. No significant others to speak of. So, are we both free to have sex now or what?”
Steve carefully stepped into the storeroom, mindful of the broken glass. “Hey, Tony. Are you okay?”
Steve followed as Loki stormed down the hall. After all, someone had to to keep Loki from killing Tony.
Tony focused on his task, his dark eyes intense as they watched Steve’s every reaction. Tony had don e this before, had done this with lots of people, probably. He knew what he was doing. But he was paying attention to make sure it would be exactly right for Steve. Every lick, every swallow, every bit of pressure was calculated specifically to make Steve feel good. It was an incredible turn-on. But as Steve’s gaze drifted lower, he realized Tony had a hand wrapped around his own erection and he was jerking it in time with his sucks.
Loki yanked open the door to the storeroom.
Tony gave him a withering look. “I am focusing,” he said. “Just because it’s not what you think I should be focusing on, doesn’t make it any less true."
“Ha! I knew it.”
Steve felt his face burning. “Tony, I really don’t need to hear about you and Pepper.”
Tony shrugged. “Well, we all knew Steve was topping anyway.”
“Well, definitely not disintegrated,” Tony said cheerfully. “So I think we’re all good.”
Tony scratched the back of his head. “I, er, always thought you and Bucky had some kind of thing going on.”
“No, you’ll explain now,” Steve said sternly.
“Jarvis, when did Tony leave.”
The lift doors opened and Bruce clambered out into the living room and headed straight for the bedroom. but it was too late.
Tony looked back at Steve who gave a nod. “Got it, on screen for every no matter where they are be sure they can see it J.”
After days of thinking and various internet searches Pietro had it. The perfect idea. First, he would need to go shopping.
The two of them sat and talked, Tony bringing out a tablet to show Steve some new designs for various upgrades to the teams equipment. Tony had found Steve to be fairly knowledgeable when it came to design, he had that artist eye for lines and form. Were Tony had a mind for function. The engineer had to admit he’d come up with a lot just bouncing ideas off the omega.
"I know you are sweety but sometimes even big boys need some help. You wouldn't want to have an accident in your doggie jammies would you?"
Thor Odinson.
None of that mattered to Stark, there was only one objective.
Natasha had tried her hand at speaking to Steve, the omega just put up his ‘I’m fine’ front, as thin as it was. She knew he wasn’t going to open up to her. Stark was an even wilder variable, maybe they could send Bruce or Rhodes into that minefield. Clint was the one who actually had the better idea for the Good Captain.
"I don't mean to devalue your feelings you know that." Bruce said sweetly rubbing his palms over his omegas arms. "Tony had an emergency and we are the only ones in the tower right now. Please understand, if the roles where reversed..."
"Papa...please..."
The siren was gone.
Some people never really know what it's like to suffer. But he does.
Natasha wondered over to the bag of take out and picked around for what she wanted while he flopped aimlessly on one of the twin beds. It wasn't a nice joint, maybe two and a half stars at best but it had hot water and a table for filling out mission reports. They could stretch their legs and make small talk. Moreover, James had been in worse spots.
“Peter, Wendy, Why don’t you draw pictures for Aunt Pepper and we will take her some cookies ok?”
“I never said you were helpless, stubborn as a mule… oh yeah that fits. Maybe all those muscles have finally choked out your brain.” Tony complains, following the staggering omega. “Jesus Steve will you just wait!”
Tony took a moment to just watch Steve, the blonds shoulders fell and he stared down into his cup. He looked so tired, so completely done in and yet… something held him there. The inventor knew what that was like to spend sleepless nights going over the ’what if’s’ and ’could haves’. It was written all over Steve’s face that he was analyzing every action and result. He was sitting there trying to work through things to far-gone to change, and in Steve’s case that could mean events over half a century ago. No wonder he was worn so thin.
Tony was ashamed. “I don’t know baby… I don’t know.” He hugged the child to his chest and let Peter cry himself out. He whispered apologies and rocked the simpering child back and forth. Swearing that he would never yell again. Promising it wasn’t Peter he was upset with.
“Stark fall in! “
“Tomorrow, I require time to collect my thoughts. Mother has made it clear I dearly need to think much more before speaking.”
Trigger warning - implied self harm,depression, low self-esteem.
Also! there is a few non-cannon elements Phil is alive in this cause… TEAM AGENT! Tony still has the arc reactor cause…yeah I love it. This is set before Ultron (i guess... yall really don't chew on my leg over timeline)  I’m not sure if I will mention it or not, so feel free to think of this as a separate verse altogether if you like.( God bless the multiverse)  There may be some mention of characters from Agents of Shield, I’m still on the fence about it.
Whatever dealing Alexander had with Gideon, they were not the kind Steve wanted anything to do with. Or any part of the coin that men like that made. The profit from blood wasn’t something he could hold in his hands. Even if his stomach yearned for food and his, body weak from sickness. He’d find another way to make it, a better way, and an honest way.
Tonight for some reason Tony asked his AI to access Steve’s Music.  He found the collection surprisingly modern if a bit tame. Lots of ‘love songs’ and generally easy listening. When Tony first saw it he almost burst into a fit of laughter and how - well to put it plainly, how ‘omega’ it all was.
Little-by-little, the child began to warm the ice left around Loki’s heart. Just as the baby’s crystal eyes shifted gold and then a darker bronze with age. Asgard’s newest little royal became the joy of his very protective father.
“This seems like a really long list, do we actually need all of this?” James said standing at the bar looking at the considerably extensive list Loki had written out over breakfast.
The blond nodded pressing his face into the pillow and pressing his hips back. “Please..” he mumbled, wanting the release only his alpha could provide.
The heavy hand falling on the back of his neck and shoving him into the tiny cleaning supply area hadn’t been a surprise but a gift. Soon a familiar mass of muscle was pressed to the inventors back.  “Morning sunshine.” he chuckled looking over his shoulder.
The next few hours are a blur as Clint packs up not only the twins but his own pups and send the annoyed little troop of sleepy children off to Pepper with an apology on his lips. He knows she has a lot on her plate with the new baby and the fact that now Natasha will have to come with him and Phil as they head to SHIELD. Bruce assures them that he'll be there and of course, the kids adore their uncle Bruce more than anything.
“Wow …don’t hold back tell me how ya really feel.” Barnes deflated at the smaller boy’s lack of excitement.
Natasha looked around the small area and inclined her head, “Well I guess the rest of Shield wasn’t on board with your…vision.”
The next strange acquaintance he would meet was an old friend of his fathers. She was not a mer but something else entirely. Lady Hel of the Helheim trench. She was the mistress of creatures who lived in the darkest reaches of their world. Some shunned her, saying her mother was a powerful mer witch who had unnatural relations with a kracken. Loki was not exactly sure that was true as he had her word there were other like her that preferred not to enter the higher waters.
“You decided that- if you recall the one-sided rambling conversation you had when I was half asleep. I know you were born in a hospital Tony and that’s most omegas now.  but that’s just not how things were when I was growing up. I was with my ma when she helped Bucky's mom deliver his little sister Rebecca. That was just how I was raised to believe that one day I’d have my pups at home in the nest that my mate and I  put together.”
How was he going to deal with the fallout from this? Would it be too late?
Bruce wasn’t going to scold a grown man, they all had their issues and he had read Steve’s file. He knew PTSD was a factor and that the nightmares could take many forms. Generally, Steve’s anxiety came from memories of the war, however, given the current situation it wasn’t unheard of for that anxiety to be transferred over to anxiety about the baby.
“Lower the penthouse temperature.”
“Loki…” He spoke softly tugging off his shirt. The scent of his own skin unburdened by laundry detergent would be better to ease his mate. “Its ok doll, I’m right here.”
Steve tried to put the fear out of his mind; he had a job to do and missions. Tony had work to do and not to mention the hundred or so other things with the team gear upgrades. Steve just had to ride this out, it was probably nothing.
With all the work towards wholeness, there was one piece in the grand scheme that needed to be addressed.
He had a plan though, a plan to clean that blood from his hands. He would destroy hydra right at its root, take out as many as he could and then…then he would self destruct the suit from the reactors core. The explosion would leave nothing but a smoking crater. The snow would keep falling and soon…there would be nothing but the smooth white mountain side.
“Tony what’s your status?”
"Hey shell head, I know I'm a little late. But ain't that always the way huh? Seems I have a knack for it." He swallowed around the lump in his throat and shifted from side to side. A few fall leaved crunching underfoot. "I shoulda' come sooner...I. No, no you would have told me to get my ass back out there wouldn't you? Pep said she was there though, I'm glad that you weren't...that you weren't alone."
The com in Steve’s ear began to crackle as the pair made there way out of the rocky ravine. “Cap, we got company! Seems Hydra heard you two love birds having a domestic!” Barton shouted.
“Good morning Sunshine or maybe... yeah good afternoon it’s like Five o’clock. How does it feel to sleep in for once?” Tony smiled back, tucking his cell away. Not wanting the distraction for once.
“Just a …big fish…” He said to himself as the night grew still around him. The only sound to be had - the creaking of lanterns chain and the briny water lapping at the hull. “Just a…”
“Good job punk.” the man muttered.
Phil shook his head at his alphas over confidence. “You sure you brought enough arrows?”
The trio chatted for a while about various topics, Stark Business, recent missions, the new puppy and Peppers upcoming child. Eventually, the conversation trailed over to a recent update text from Natasha. “I'm honestly glad she's with Barnes rather than Clint. No offence to your friend Steve but he’s almost as bad as Tony when Barton's with him. Like a pair of frat boys.”
The good doctor pinched the bridge of his nose. “I don’t oppose you coming back you have to know that. I just think you need some time to process…”
Loki rolled his eyes and Irene hid a laugh behind her hand. “No worries, they will chill out once they get their treats.” She assured as she started working on their order. “Then you will have a good hour, hour and a half of sugar high before the pass out for a good hour.”
They're both exhausted and later when James wakes up alone he will wish he stayed awake a bit longer. By then he won't have a chance because Bruce will have already started a sedative IV to reattach a new arm. It always hurt like hell when they had to wire into his nerves and the muscles of his shoulder. He'd be too groggy then to ask if anyone had seen Loki, if anyone was with him because he didn't want the omega to be alone right now.
Steve was able to stay the billionaire’s roaming hands just as Tony popped open his belt buckle. “wait…wait…,” he panted now prone across the seat, or as much as a man his size could be.
“So Tasha, I was thinking building a deck out at Lara’s ya know, and maybe an elevated playhouse for the kids. With one of those rope ladders”
Sam snapped on his own helmet and activated the hatch as Natasha slipped on her. “Don’t say I didn’t tell you.” He reminds. The other two giving him twin smiles. “This is insane”
The shift of the bed was more than enough to wake his Alpha and Barton is up and reading his omegas lips as he dresses hastily before snatching up his hearing aids. He could already tell by the stiff line in the omegas shoulders that there could be an assemble for this one and with Tony and Steve benched and Thor off world it might be all hands on deck. The archer hoped this wasn’t priority one and maybe they’d just call in Barnes, Wilson, himself and Natasha. They didn’t like to leave the tower without at least one heavy hitter to protect the homestead. Bruce might not trust himself but they all knew the good doctor and his green alter ego would protect the packs pups with his life.
Fear came on so suddenly- slamming into his chest like a truck almost stealing his breath.
They really should take the kids to a car show one of these days, or maybe Tony could take Wendy and have a daddy daughter day. Peter wasn't much for that sort of thing. Steve felt a warmth pool in his stomach thinking of his little ones, and maybe. Just maybe the little one not yet formed.  How would the twins feel about a little brother or sister? He was sure Peter would take to a new baby like a little duck to water. Omegas generally did well with siblings. If the baby were, an alpha Wendy might feel a little threatened at first but she would be a wonderful big sister.  In his minds eye Steve could picture the twins on either side of a little doe-eyed pup.
Mjolnir crackled with life as its owner swung the mighty hammer and while the beast seemed dazed by the effects of the Mer’s magic and force, it did not seem deterred.
Without missing a beat Tony kicked back on his chair looking horribly smug, “So are you gramps. Just because your patriot pop ass caught, a case of suspended animation does not change your birthdate. Thus unless I make a liar out of Captain America I must go with the facts.”
Oh and if that didn’t just tip the scales of
“What are you doing you heathen? What is it- like six am? Right now? Who is awake at this godforsaken hour...super villains that's who. Steeeeeb don't do to the dark-side.” Tony groaned as the bed shifted and his wonderfully warm human pillow abandoned him. Anyone who ever said that omegas were all kind and courteous, obviously never met Steve Rogers on a scheduled. Some how his sweet handsome mate could magically transform into such a cruel slave driver.
2020 ........ that's why
“No I get it, everything's off right now. I shouldn't have expected to come back here and be welcomed with open arms. Hell, I'm not even human anymore am I? “Tony shoved his hands in his pockets and shrugged his shoulders, pushing hard on that dark presence that screamed for him to stand up and take what he wanted. The arrogant voice that said he should go out and do as he please.
“James…it hurts. Something’s amiss, she’s too early this can not happen not yet.”
The pup thought for a moment, tapping his lip with one chubby little finger. “Wendy likes it when papa puts cheese in her eggs, I like pop tarts.”
.....No more internet for you Clint Barton!
The blonde snorted, “Don't flatter yourself too much.”
“It’s ok…I’m gonna take ya home.” Steve said pulling away just enough to get his arms around his husband’s waist and help the genius to right the heavy armor.
“I love you. Do what you need to do I'll see you soon Mr. Barton.”
“I notice the winds picked up over the last hour.” He said, seeing the other man at the wheel eyeing the horizon with trepidation.
In the aftermath of the blast, the villain woke to find himself on a planet not his own, surrounded by monstrous creatures and new even more deadly technology.
“What the fuck did you just say to me Stark?”
“This is Leona Hiss.”
Gideon was an old man with silver hair and dark eyes, the kind of eyes that looked right through you. They didn’t look through Steve though; instead, they looked him up and down with ill intent. Eyes that seemed to linger too long. “So, you’re one of Alexander’s boys? I will say you favor him in coloring more than the other two, I suspect your mother was a beauty as well.” The old man said with a snake-like smile.
It felt like he couldn't do anything right. He tried to reach out maybe a kind ear would bend his way once but not twice, on the second occurrence the once kindness turned to annoyance and then he was just being 'over dramatic'
He reached over passing a hand over the faucet sensor, “Jarvis are you here?”  Steve hoped to god that the AI was on board.
They were leaving; Steve felt the buzz under his skin at the prospect of seeing Tony again. The last time he felt this way was the day the team brought Bucky home. A thick worry that settled into the pit of his stomach that said ‘what if I can’t save him’, felt like a stone of lead. However, they had saved Bucky, even if he wasn’t the same. He was whole and functioning and now had a new life and oddly enough, Barnes had been a pivotal part in saving another lost soul when he met Loki.
Widow rolled her eyes, walking past the brunette and sticking her foot out just enough to nearly send him flailing face first into the floor. Stark however recovered with a squawk and glared at the assassin.
“He's fine elf; the kid loves it.”Logan called back tossing the gleefully screaming child up in the air.
“AGES!”
It seemed something deep fried was going to be a must have tonight.
Steve couldn’t help but laugh, kissing his sons temple while his husband pouted next to him. “He looks funny doesn’t he, I bet you didn’t know daddy had a chin under there huh sweet pea?”
Tony had his Rock/Metal - AC/CD, DIO, and Black Sabbath. Natasha had a lot of Gothic Type tunes- Birthday Massacre, Cradle of Filth, Rob Zombie. Hawkeye’s play list was…well it was more reason to make fun of Barton with this 80’s-90’s classic rock Mix - Robert Palmer, Green Day, Prodigy.
Like Father Like Son.
Thankfully Shield's best and brightest were ready for them.
Evidently the recording was still being broadcast and instead of laughing everyone was now glaring at Tony.
Steve straightens up in his seat, assuming the movie was finished though he hadn’t caught the credits… or anything else. “That was …interesting.”
Steve’s face pressed into the mattress as his heart pounded. “You, inside me..touching me.”
“Bent out of shape...I’ll show him bent out of shape. I'll bend his fucking neck outta shape. “Barnes grumbled, rolling his shoulder as he made his way through the towers garage. He had already tried to call home three times and got nothing but the voicemail. In another world he would want to believe Loki was just annoyed or in class. However, none of those possibilities was true, as he'd already checked his mate’s gps. Therefore, either Loki left his phone at home or he just wasn't answering.
The swab was as Bruce said- quick and painless. While they waited for the test to finish Tony vacated the bed to go get some ice packs from the kitchenette on Steve’s floor. Bruce trailing him as he set the kit on the counter. “It should take around 5 minuets.” the beta said with a sigh running his hand back through his bed-rumpled curls. “You might want to have a talk with him about …you know…”
Stark sat up, hair in all directions and eyes comically wide, “What…what is it.”
“Repercussions to bad behavior, little something I thought Stark was aware of and clearly has forgotten if you’re here looking like that and he’s no where to be found.” Phil spoke starting to unpack the folded clothing.
"I know you're magical dress up game Lokes. That junk heap is running off a shotty generator and I know it doesn't have running water so unless you're springing for dry cleaning. I call bullshit on the fresh duds." Tony gestured to the leathers and cape, a shadow of the original Loki that looked more like the invader and less like the brief glimpse of the man he had seen a year ago.
Recalling that conversation made him ache. They were going to hate him, they both asked if he and Wade had used protection and he lied. Truth was it was a spur of the moment decision when Peter had miscalculated his heat. Wade found him and carried him back to the dorms and then... Peter begged him not to leave. Neither one of them had been able to say no.
“Good to be back. All the good little girls and boys tucked in for the night?” Tony asked, making his way into the penthouse and too the bar. After a non-stop flight at top speeds, he could use a bourbon refresher.
Their omega was in his seventh month and still thought it was very appropriate to use extremely dangerous, extremely flammable tech. So it one of the soldiers had to keep an eye open at all times. Today just happened to be Barnes day to baby-sit.
“Don’t…ah…don’t move…”
This was for the best, that’s what he told himself.
It was all worth it.
Another surprising friendship had blossomed between himself and Pepper Romanov. It started with a safe discussion of fashion and cooking one afternoon, that rolled into teasing trash talk about the towers Alpha. Taking a few shots at Stark was somewhat of a past time for both of them, although Pepper slightly more well meant in her jabs. Pepper was also very kind and open to speak to about Loki's specific issues. As it turned out Pepper herself had experienced some considerable difficulties conceiving and this gave Loki hope, despite his own recent decisions about looking into possible adoption. It was nice to hear someone else say that sometimes when you just let go – the right thing for you will happen.
Tony rubbed at his chin and eyed the long barrel “Well, a weapon obviously! Look at the size of it! I bet it shots out beams of light that shock the enemy! Like Jor dose when he’s pissed!”
That didn’t mean Fury had no options, in fact. He couldn’t have asked for a better one.
"Son we can talk when you come back down. Also I peeked in your room." Steve continued with an exasperated sigh, " hun I know you're going to be moving in with Wade when He comes back but we've talked about this. As long As you're under our roof I expect you to keep that room clean."
The evening of the last round the pair had stumble out of the next room to shower. Steve’s muscles felt like jelly with the exquisite fatigue that he so rarely felt. If was good in a strange sort of way to have to rely on someone else. Tony of course beamed under attention.
The dreams that were far away from pain may have been easier to bear than the reality of loss, but they didn’t have this. Those dreams did not have these eyes that looked at the trickster with such care. Did not have hands and lips that caressed him with such reverence. The dream was easy but it was real, and sometimes real hurts. It aches and it tears out the heart of you. Sometimes you must feel that to cherish what you do have.
Mornings began with guided meditation and mindfulness and when the dreadful fear would come or overwhelming anxiety reared its head he could take it bit by bit. Repeating a quiet mantra -telling himself that he was going to be alright, that things were not as grim as they seemed. Distracting himself with a task or a positive outlet. Sometimes writing out what exactly worried him and then listing reasons how that could be resolved logically.
Kurt smiled softly to himself but hesitated he did not want his joy to bring pain to his friend. “Ah, well you see...”
“I’ve gotten most of the women and children clear, it looks like it’s more than just this thing we have to worry about. All the blood is attracting sharks and their picking off the stragglers. Natasha, circle back to my position and watch our backs while Sam and I take point. Let’s see if we can’t give this monster a reason to back off!”
On the second trip she paused in her gathering, “He needs you right now. He may not say it but he does.”
AN: Ok so, I want to say thank you to everyone who took the time to lend a kind word to me last chapter. It made a world of difference to me, i have since left that group and now only discuss my pre-posting process with one trusted friend. I feel much happier with this chapter and felt I had the freedom to do everything I wanted with out the pressure to be perfect. I hope you all enjoy it.
Looking down at the brunette kissing his thighs, Steve couldn’t help but smile. Tony hand one hand laying protectively over the gentle rise of Steve’s stomach, thumb stroking the taut skin slowly.  Over the last few days, they started to notice the little bump. It was still easily masked by Steve’s clothing, still a kind of sweet secret they shared.  It was times like this when Steve got to see the part of Tony no one else got to see, that soft look in the other mans eyes and the warmth in his smile. The way the lines around his eyes and cheeks seemed to only add to that genuine look of love.
His fingers where itching to rip apart everything mechanical in the house and fix up something that would make this whole business a lot easier.
Tony smiled and kissed the boys forehead. "I'm sure he'll love it."
When she arrived Peggy didn’t bother knocking on the workshop door, she pulled a thin blade from her garter and slipped it in past the lock and jacked open the door.
The Ai chirped back completely ignoring his master’s ire, “There are also stairs Sir, perhaps a bit of cardio?”
Loki did not have a comment to the later. In his mind it was highly unlikely that Odin put much thought on his younger son. If the old man had he was more than capable of contacting him in the years since Loki had left Asgard. Yet no word had come. “I am glad. I have meant to write her, however, I find ...I am less capable with my verbiage of late.”
Tony was able to prefect it and was holding it as a last resort. He knew the moment Mallen was able to overpower the suit it was going to end this way. There was to much to risk, it was either get the competitive edge on this psycho or both Barnes and he die.
Damn it Tony.
“Yeah.”
“Yes, there is a chance that the serum could react against the developing fetus. Recognizing it as a foreign object rather than healthy tissue and thus…rejecting it.”
“Tony I’m not dying and it’s not a tumor.”
“Captain, Captain Rogers.”  Jarvis sounded through the penthouse like an echo.  Steve wasn’t paying attention though, all he saw was the cold darkness that lay in the billionaire’s eyes.
However, Natasha knew the answer. He hadn't noticed because Loki hadn't wanted his mate to notice. Chances were that was a contributing factor to how done in the man looked. Faking was hard. “Do you think it's what I want?” she asked.
Of course, Steve was right, as much as many of them liked to think that if they could handle saving the world they could handle anything. The truth was- solving the problems of megalomaniac villains was a cakewalk in comparison to emotions. One thing remained true, when they went out into the field they had a team behind them, there was Intel and thousand hands in the background helping to bring your men home. If they wanted to help James and Loki, they would need to do it as a pack, a team , a family.
Steve had said that once.  They had been lying in bed one night, warm and satisfied after making love lazily for the last hour or so.  That was something he had only ever done with Steve. When they were together it wasn’t like some performance, while it could get intense it wasn’t always. Sometimes it was just slow and controlled, their bodies tangling together, pressing as close as possible. They would touch and taste every inch of skin and whisper sweet words of affection. Times when the soldier would let go and surrender completely. That wonderful feeling that Tony could still feel tingling in his hands. The touch of those taught strong muscles relaxing under his touch.
He could end this, Hydra, Aim, any of these little start up punks. It was an attractive prospect. Sure, there would always be corruption - but to cripple and destroy it on a global level?  He couldn‘t pass that up. Fury was making his move, “Checkmate mother fuckers”
Walking through the dust and debris of what once was the service entrance, Tony made his way down a narrow hallway. The right shoulder of the armor digging a line in the drywall that must have sounded like nails on a chalkboard. Not that it looked as if anyone one was around to hear it, it seemed strange that this area wasn't crawling with Hydra. True, there was a perimeter breach in effect but still – the security and control room was completely empty. Then again, if their suspicions about Madam Hydra being an LMD – having human personal watching the camera was redundant. She could be tapped into the place right now.
Stark: I have a question
Once inside the pair lay down and Tony had Jarvis, play some ambient sounds, normally Tony would have just started talking about anything but that didn’t seem ideal at the moment. Not with the way, Steve’s eyes darted around in the low light and his face fixed in a look between frustration and anger.
Howard watched as the siren thought for a moment before tugging at a thin string around her neck, a glowing gem came into view and she tugged it free with a hard yank. She held the gem and kissed its surface whispering words in a language he could not understand.
It was a loaded question that Steve had often contemplated. “ At first all anyone could see was what the serum made me. The man was respected, the scrawny omega from Brooklyn? Not so much. Then they didn't even care about Steve Rogers, I was just ' the Captain'. After a while I thought that's all I was good for. It took Tony to help me finally see and be open enough to see that I was still that kid.  Still just wanting to be more and not really knowing how.  Then I realized All the people that cared not because I was Captain America -because I  was Steve.”
Steve hummed and eased his legs over the side of the bed. “Won’t be long now. I want to go ahead and move before I can’t.”
“My appetite has not been as present lately. Things have been....difficult. I..I am not well.” It was so hard to admit that to someone – even a friend. Loki felt like saying it out loud made it all too real. It invited pity looks and too soft words of comfort. As if a few platitudes could somehow ease his broken spirit. Hearing someone say how sorry they were to hear, or how things will get better; just felt hollow. Thankful Kurt wasn't one of those people.
"wake up birthday boy."
What was surprising though was when Steve stepped out to take a phone call one morning and he came back to a sight that make is heartache.
Something about the sentiment made Loki feel cared for. Around Kurt he did not mind looking like himself even if only a moment.
Tony hummed and kisses his partners slippery shoulder. “Yeah, I have enough wrinkles as it is.”
Bass drums throbbed like a heart beat as Tony sat in the center of an old beat-up sofa he had in the workshop. It wasn’t a song on his usual playlist it just played because he thought of it. A single line cropping up in his head as he stared down at the pen knife laying motionless on the floor and there it was. He could do that sort of thing now, Jarvis wasn’t even in the shop any longer.
Steve looked up and wasn’t that a sight for sore eyes, he looked a little older around the eyes - tired and worn. Considering they all thought he was dead for the last seven months, not bad.
The alpha nodded and started chattering on about how to build duel bassinets with all sorts of sensors for optimal temperature and started to ask Jarvis about schematics and then something about coffee and doughnuts and calling Pepper. Who really knew what came after that as the voices trailed off down the hall.
: You do not have arrows for this.
Tony wanted to snap back, wanted to say Fury didn’t know shit about what happened or how he feels. Then it occurred to him, maybe he dose. “No more boy bands, I’m out of that line of work. Strictly a solo artist these days.”
Loki selected a crystal glass from the cupboard, his finger tracing the etched rim. “I...am healing.”It was the easiest and most honest way to frame his current situation.
“I want…I want you to fuck me Bucky”
“Actually…I was thinking maybe we could…do something else”
Learning to love yourself felt like a grand joke. Self care nothing more than a feel good money pit, popular with the youthful masses seeking to be 'woke'. No one could possibly understand.
Tony held his hands out trying to project his movements, “hey, sweetheart can you take my hand? I need your help, can you help me?” Giving Steve a task seemed like a good plan. It was the best he could come up with at the moment to try to help and still give Steve some control.
The Captain would not be leaving anytime soon, and for the first time in over 80 years, Steve felt completely helpless.
Steve pushed his shoulders back and tried his damnedest not to let his voice show how apprehensive he was feeling. “You're damn right it is.”
“Tony…..damn… just…” Steve unbuckled and pulled off his helm, tossing it to the side before prizing his fingers under where he knew the release catch fro the visor was. Hoping it would be the same on this armor as it had been on those before it. Sure enough, the plate released and he was looking down at Tony, there was a look of confusion at the action. The soldier smiled, “See, only I would remember how to peel you outta one of your tin cans… please Tony.”
Thor hesitated and looked away from the pair, “I…thank you for your offer Anthony, however, the mate James has found…is Loki.”
Her face was impassive, “ And you can, you can chose to let a child believe is his father is dead and watch a spouse self destruct all for the greater good. You know, I used to work for men who thought much the same, they thought they could take children and turn them into killers.”
Gathering the broken soldier in his arms Tony retracted his right gauntlet and ran his fingers back through Steve’s blood matted hair. “Please Steve, I can’t be to late… I can’t lose the best thing in my life. I know I’m a jerk and inconsiderate, immature and a sloppy drunk but … I had you. Please..”  He pulled Rogers up into his arms trying to be as careful as possible as he made his way out of the compound.
“Yes Sir Sergeant Barnes, might I also add that Sir has not taken his vitamins today.”
“Relax soldier boy, I’m just kidding, trust me if I was coming onto you it would be much smoother than that. You know this. Remember that gala you came to last Christmas for the Maria Stark foundation. The one where I snagged the Swedish twins? See that wasn’t even a level six of my full flirtatious spectrum.”
Stark's left arm flared gold and armor formed over the joints like liquid. This wasn't like any tech he'd seen before. He'd heard through some Intel that Stark had been exposed to something on that last mission, Romanov had assured him that it was all under control- clearly she was compromised if that's what she believed. “I see.. well, just remember Stark, I'm not the enemy. You need to remember who's been saving the planet.”
James Barnes fell to his knees as the skies opened above him, freezing rain pelting his skin. “We. Don't leave. A man..behind.” His grave voice broke as a strangled sob broke from his raw throat. Thinking about how Steve and carried his bloody carcass on his back when his arm got blasted off. Anyone else would have left him..but not Steve. Never Steve. “We'll find you brother. I swear I'll find ya.
“That’s right, your ok.”
Kurt didn't take the reluctance as rejection. Had Loki honestly detested him he would have said it, that was simply who he was. The ravenette had not mixed words with Scott when the absolutely did not hit it off. Logan’s reaction had been sketchy at best but... Kurt could forgive his bristly alpha.
They dried off and Steve made no qualms about picking the other man up and setting him on the sink. Even if Tony did scowl at him, muttering about being manhandled. That was nice to, because if Tony was feeling up to his little jokes, he was clearly doing something right.
The little boy just tilted his head then turned his attention toward his stomach. "Baby?"
“You don‘t have to protect me, I do well enough on my own!”
The team looked between the two and thank god for Natasha who had the good sense to round up everyone and show them out before this 'discussion' turned too ugly. Steve and Tony were famous for their 'discussions' even before they were mated.
“Anytime Sir”
Tony reached for him and as if on impulse Steve pulled away. Something about the subtle look of fear in the omegas eyes made Tony snatch his hand back as if burned.
"Ok, just thought i would offer."
Steve sat up rubbing at his eyes cutely. "For me?"
There was one other thing he wasn't sure he was ready for but it wasn't like he had much of a choice – Loki.
Banner looked down at the tiles and sighed, slipping his glasses back up onto the bridge of his nose. “I'm not saying this is the end Loki. I'm saying I need more data. Maybe if Thor or someone else on Asgard has documentation on your race that would go along way in figuring out where to go from here. As for right now, the best advice I can give is to remember that Fertility issues have a lot to do with hormonal levels and those we know can be influenced by mental states. So just try and relax and get back into a healthy state while we work on the logistics.”
I felt love start to grow the moment I looked into my plate,
Bruce eyes him skeptically, "Honey you don't mean that.....okay you do. Point is..a couple of hours. Think of it as practice?"
“Steve, no look at me. Whatever you think this is that’s not true. It was a joke just a dumb joke ok.”
Phil snatched a few weapons and took flank were Barnes was stationed with a sniper rifle, the agent covering as the soldier took out the remaining turrets.  Loki, who was at the brunette’s side didn’t appear to be doing much of anything.
“Oh god…” Steve groaned finally giving in and hiding his face.
Tony snorted and wound his arms around the blonds’ narrow waist. “I didn’t faint I told you that. It was a mandatory restart. Very technical.”
Making his way to the sitting room, Loki opened the sliding glass door to let Duchess in; James did not typically let her in anymore since she was so large now. In this case, Loki was willing to spell away the hair on the rug just to have the feline like beast near.
The long lean form presses against his chest and shivers. When did it get this bad? All James can do is hold on and whisper softly that he's here, that he's not going anywhere. “It's ok sweetheart, It's ok I promise.”
Loki of course noticed the momentary look of disgust and worry that crossed his Alphas face.
Stark mansion was a imposing estate. The massive home with its sprawling gardens and white washed facade sat a few miles outside of the the city. To reach the home one had to drive a twisting dirt road through the woods and up to a pair of copper gates . The metal baring the emblem of Stark Industries, it felt more like driving onto a military compound that someones private home. Then again, in a way it was. This was apparently where Stark did most of his work now. Howard had built and resided in the home for the last 15 years.
Poor James, most of his things had been remanded to a single drawer. Not that the alpha needed much in the way of beauty products. If he were honest, he would leave the house looking like a wild animal if it wasn't for his Omega. Loki took some strange pleasure in braiding his hair every morning before the alpha headed off to SHIELD and on the rare occasions when he would allow it –something more intricate as the styles on Loki’s home world. It was a quiet kind of bonding that they enjoyed in the early gray light of morning.
He could see a pair of dark blue boots in ready stance. Something seemed… too familiar, then strong legs and …the shield. “No…” A star emblazoned on the figures chest. “No….”
Things were different now, but one thing hadn’t changed. Well, it had - now Steve wasn’t wearing his mother’s old slips.
“So this is already on the radar then…of course it is.” Tony would have been foolish to think something like this would have slipped past Fury and his singular all seeing eye.  “ Buckster I want info on this but…well its that time again if you catch my drift. Sure you understand when I say my attention is going to be a little divided for the next week or so.”
Tony extended an arm around his omega, pulling the blond close to indulge in some scenting. “How about a movie? We could see whats next on your list?” He suggested.
When he turned back, he was a woman with her arms folded on the side of the ship. Her hair was in long golden waves, she was beautiful and other worldly.
Steve was optimistic that with Dr. Cho and Hanson working with Bruce and Tony, to try and lessen the detrimental effect of extremis. That things would start looking up. Even Dr. McCoy offered to lend a hand, with so much effort being poured into helping their family Steve felt like they would all be okay. Perhaps the upcoming year would be better than the last.
Loki shrugged. “I haven't a clue honestly.”
She didn’t even look up, one well-manicured nail tracked over a glossy surveillance photograph, no doubt already cataloging all visible points of entry. “I’m going over the mission brief, just like you should be.”
Pepper’s expression melted from anger into worry as she glassed over her shoulder. That suddenly left Tony feeling cold as the woman chewed on her lower lip for a few beats.
Steve leaned in and kissed his husbands head, “I know, it’s over now. To be honest I wouldn’t be surprised if Tasha isn’t in Fury’s office popping out his other eye.”
Howard stark did not just want one siren caught, he wanted the entire race killed. Stark had created a monolithic bomb called ‘the Jericho’ that was to be sunken into the dark pool and detonated, should they find sirens of Mer congregated in the location.
Steve, admittedly, had second thoughts almost immediately. Having had a crisis of conscious for having touched another man and liked it, old prejudice that refused to go down with out a fight. But there was Tony. All smug smiles telling him it was fine, that things were different now and everyone had ‘experimented’ at least a little. Promised he wouldn’t say a word, they could call it a one off and never speak of it again. One time didn't mean anything right?
"See, everyone sees your point, no one is laughing at you. You can prank him back if you want but nothing that will cause any lasting damage." Bruce comforted, a pointed chin falling to his shoulder with a mass of long black hair.  He wrapped his arms around Loki and rubbed his back.
“He’s half me. So that’s expected, Brucie.” Tony quipped. His eyes were starting to get heavy. Giving birth was more tiring than being in battle, who knew.
JR: we had a family meeting
So yes, Tony’s pretty invested in Hawai’i. And after relinquishing the CEO throne to Pepper, taking the position of Chief Technological Officer and Head of R&D of Stark Industries, he was here to stay.
“Oh my God, he spoke!” Tony leapt out of his chair and rushed over to Thor and Ulysses, Steve hot on his heels, “say that again, baby. What did you say?”
“What do you mean?”
“E.T.!” Joe repeated exuberantly.
“Oh, you guys are back.” Bruce’s voice filtered into the room, “I made butter chicken for dinner tonight. I know it’s your favorite, Thor. Hope it can help cheer you up,” the way Bruce said it piqued Tony’s interest, and he opened his eyes to see Bruce staring bashfully at Thor. and what’s even more interesting was Thor returning said smile wholly and gleefully.
“Yeah, man. They’ll turn up, mission all done and demanding pizza and a Bacall movie marathon when they got home.” Sam added. “On that note,” Sam resumed the game and the music started again.
Steve sighed, as he ran his hands through his hair. Where was Tony? It’s getting late, and Washington DC wasn’t the safest place at night for anyone. He stood up and retrieved his jacket, unwilling to let Tony be alone for another second outside. He was going to search for him, and Tony could scream and shout and hit him in anger and Steve would take, just as long as he was safe.
love. But that’s not the case. Someday, you’ll meet someone else, someone who, while they might seem like they’re different from you,” his eyes glanced up at Tony’s smiling brown ones, “turned out to be someone who complete your jagged edges. And someone who worked towards the same goals, just with a different approach. And that someone, they would stand by you no matter what. You’ll meet them someday,
It was then Tony realized that Steve had no idea of who he was. This was a chance for Tony to completely reinvent himself. Tony couldn’t believe his luck. Here he was, sitting in front of the most gorgeous man he’d ever seen and he could finally be with someone without the added burden of his fame and his past.
Steve, Tony and falling in love every single day.
“Why? Why would you do this to me? You sick bastard!” he addressed the ceiling of the jet, unknowing as to who he was addressing his grievances to. Steve's dad or the God his mother believed in. He put his hand over his face and started thinking, “Wait, is he trying to tell me something?”
Tony smiled deprecatingly. At the reminder of Steve’s eminent departure he sobered up. Steve, Natasha, and Clint were leaving soon to hunt down some remnants of the decimated AIM organization that Tony, Rhodey and Pepper took down a long time ago. There were chatter going around about how some employees that survived took what was left behind of Maya Hansen’s Extremis formula and was now aiming to resurrect their organization from the ashes.
Before Joe could respond, the dreaded bell rang signaling the end of the lunch period. Reluctantly, they all packed up their stuff and started heading out to their next classes while Joe remained rooted to his seat, his food still untouched in front of him. He hurriedly snagged the apple and ate the raviolis in three huge bites, Jamie was standing next to him, seemingly waiting for him to finish eating. He remained there until Joe finished, then offered his hand to help Joe stand up from his chair. Getting that same offer from any other Alpha would have made Joe’s ire raise, but from Jamie, it felt natural, like second nature to place his hand in the Alpha’s larger one.
The song continued to play. The chorus was blaring from the soundsystem. You can’t start a fire, you can’t start a fire without a spark.
Tony Stark has spent his life with his held up high, unashamed of his shortcomings and embracing the criticisms and taunts directed at him and using his intelligence as a tool to defend himself against the world. But tonight, Tony’s head felt heavy and all he wanted to do was lay down and if possible never get up again. What Steve shared with him earlier rattled his brain.  Steve’s suspicions on the circumstances of his parents’ deaths and the fact that his not-so-dead-anymore BFF was apparently responsible for it. How-- how’s anyone supposed to process that?
Steve brought his hand up to Tony’s face, caressing his cheeks and his mate’s plump bottom lips with his thumb, “Do you want me to prove it to you?” Tony chuckled softly and leaned down to kiss Steve. Their lips met slowly yet passionately, Tony tasted like everything that was good in this world. Steve slowly moved his hand from Tony’s face to cup his mate’s neck to deepen the kiss. He licked at Tony’s bottom lip and Tony pliantly opened his mouth to let Steve in, relishing control to his Alpha. As Tony lose himself in their kiss, Steve took advantage of his mate’s distraction to flip them over, Tony on the bottom laying on their bed.
Get your flu shot, guys. I can't emphasize this enough.
“Not particularly…”
“And no matter what you do, you will always have your family in your corner.” Tony told him. Ulysses looked at his Babbo and smiled gratefully, “
“He’s not leaving you for Barnes, you know.”
“He looks like a lot of guys I serve at the bar, man. I’m wondering though, is that his real hair? ‘Cause from it looked like a comb over from far away.” Clint asked the detectives.
“Smart and beautiful, what a specimen you are.” Anthony winked at him, Steven’s heart rate ratcheted up faster. “I’ve a blade hidden on my person. I was going to escape the chains and kill the sea monster before it ever has a chance to eat me.” Anthony unveiled the small blade he had been hiding underneath his ceremonial robes. He might have underestimated the size of the sea monster that he had to kill, “But then you and your flying horse came along and threw a monkey wrench to the plan.”
“I believe you
“Yes, Ma’am. Everything.”
Tony was speechless. God, was it possible to fall in love this fast? “My hands are available for your smelling pleasure anytime you want.”
“Of course, Steve, you lug. Like I could ever answer any other way,” Tony chuckled. Steve’s answering smile was so bright and beautiful that Tony couldn’t resist the wave of fondness rolling over him at the sight, “now come up here and give me a kiss, Alpha.”
JARVIS’ response was lost when the elevator dinged signaling their arrival at the Penthouse. Sam, Bucky, Bruce and Thor were all gathered in the living room, they look distraught and afraid, something Tony never thought he would see on them what with their default attitude of “laughing in the face of death”. Sam seemed to be in the middle of a striding to the kitchen when he stopped and spotted Tony and the boys exiting the elevator.
“What’s going on, boss?” Thor asked as he caught up with Steve.
“Hm, it’s Nick. Wonder why he’s calling?” Tony put the call through, putting it on speakerphone so Steve could follow and chime in to the conversations if he felt inclined to.
Bucky furiously nodded, “Yeah, Stevie. Ain’t nothing burdening us about you. We’re more than ready to help you.”
Tony had to begrudgingly admit that Steve was right when he said Tony didn’t have time to do anything else but make Steve fall in love with him every single day. After they broke up he realized how much free time he had, now that he didn’t have to go to the Hukilau for breakfast and spend all day and night with Steve trying to win his love’s heart before the day came to a close. Now he had time to work on upgrades Pepper requested for SI gadgets, he managed to review and revise projects coming out of R&D and actually earning his paycheck as CTO. Post breakup, Tony spent 80% of his time in the workshop, only able to be coaxed out of his workshop on the occasion when the Barton spawns visit the mansion to swim or play on the beach.
“So, who is this?” Natasha was the first to break out of the embrace and noticed Anthony standing behind them. Anthony was nervously standing behind them, trying not to be noticed, and he was watching them with wistful eyes, like longing for something he wanted but never had a chance to obtain. Steven released his siblings and stepped closer to Anthony, wrapping the prince up in his arms and pulling him closer.
Just then the sun hit Steve in a way that made his blonde hair (the hair he got from Sarah) shone. His son wore the Saint Michael the Archangel pendant Sarah gave him at his confirmation. In this light, he looked so much like Sarah that Joe’s heart clenched in its cage and throbbed painfully.
“Aww, come on Joe, we’re just being friendly. Plus, Jamie and Aaron here have some really cool suggestions about what we should do for our next Robo deathmatch.”
“Why couldn’t I have met him one day before his accident?” Tony lamented wistfully. He took a long gulp of his own drink.
“Oh hells yeah. I love me some puffles.” Clint followed them out.
“Oh you know how it is: drunk father committed hubris, and boasted about how his son was more beautiful than the Nereids which of course angered the Nereids, who then told their father, in this case Poseidon, who then sent Big and Ugly over there to ravage my country’s coastline and terrorize my citizens unless my parents sacrifice me to the sea for the sins my father committed.” Anthony said flippantly, his tone light but underscoring the gravity of his situation.
“Really, Buck? Food poisoning? You survived the Depression eating mulligan stew and you got food poisoning from eating poke?” Steve leaned against the bathroom door, arms crossed in front of his chest, looking on with thinly veiled disgust at the sight in front of him.
“Oh my God…” Tony faintly muttered.
“Oh,” Steve deflated, “Then, why are you upset?”
The Avengers’ upstate facility backed up to the Hudson, giving the facility the envied status of being a waterfront property. Usually nobody could be found on the banks of the Hudson, there was nothing really worth seeing. The pollution of the water had made the water less than clear, and Tony swore up and down that he once saw a fish with legs walked out of the river. Of course he was still high from the pain medication he was prescribed after the caesarean section to deliver Joe, so there was a possibility that he didn’t actually see anything.
“Tony Stark.” he replied. They were quiet for a beat, staring at each other and letting the handshake go on a little longer than was appropriate.
“I’m sure you will,” Steve murmured, kissing Tony again, enjoying the closeness of his mate, the scent of their bond in his nose and the feel of Tony’s body against his. Steve deepened the kiss, wrapping his free hand around Tony’s waist, pulling Tony closer. He felt Tony’s lips opened under his, so pliant and receptive to his touches. His mate, his life, the reason for Steve’s existence.
“Whoa, hang on there, cowboy. Let’s see how we do with this one first before we get to a second one. If we don’t mess him up too badly, then we can talk about a second kid.” Tony looked up from his salad in alarm at Steve, but his mate just winked.
Steve pressed a kiss to his forehead, “Thank you for understanding, buddy. You’re the best big brother anyone could ever have.”
“What liquor best exemplifies death by substance abuse? Of course, Irish Whiskey.” Loki started talking in an Irish accent. Phil looked at him placidly, slowly drinking from his own water bottle,  “But what spirit best exemplify murder most foul?”
“Bruce did. He screamed. I can hear him from the kitchen.” Maria answered, looking unimpressed at Bruce’s direction.
“This new look of yours,” Natasha explained, “makes us realize just how much you and Johnny Storm look alike.”
“I do.” Barton spoke up for the first time. The man looked like he’d been through the wringer and his exhaustion wasn’t all physical. Steve couldn’t imagine the toll being mind controlled would have on someone, but Barton looked like he was itching for a fight despite his exhaustion.
Loki rolled his eyes. “It’s a waste of valuable time, but very well. This idiot combined several potions when he broke them. The first improves focus, the second lowers inhibitions, and the third heightens romantic feelings for a soulmate or one true love as your Midgardian movies seem to call it.  The cumulative effect of all these will be that he will be able to focus on nothing but his soulmate. And with lowered inhibitions, he’s even less likely to behave in a socially appropriate manner.”
“Check,” Loki said with a smug grin.
Tony shuddered. “I should definitely be restrained for a few hours then. Maybe Steve can tie me up and have his way with me. I wouldn’t mind choking on that thick cock of his. Shit.” He clamped a hand over his mouth.
“I’ve got super strength. I’d probably pull your hair out.”
“Tony, Tony…stop, I’m close.”
Tony was practically vibrating with excitement as they piled into the elevator. “Next stop, pound town.”
“Jesus, Tony,” Steve said reverently. “That’s pretty damn hot.”
“You seem like you’re still pretty much yourself. You could have just jumped me at any time and you didn’t. I don’t know what Loki was so worried about. Maybe you didn’t spill enough for it matter or maybe it’s a really slow-acting thing. But I think you can still consent to what’s happening. So, let’s have sex.”
“Can you blame us? You’re both ridiculously hot and you’ve got the world’s most epic bromance going on. It’s hard to believe the two of you never had a fling.”
“Oh god.” Tony groaned. “I knew this was too good to be true. Fuck, I can just hear the stern ‘We never have sex with out teammates when they’re under the influence of magic potions’. Please tell me you’re not going to put me in the Hulk-proof room yourself out of some sense of duty.”
Tony shrugged and stared wiggling out of his jeans. “My dick isn’t going to be nearly as impressive as yours, just saying. I get a little self-conscious sometimes with dudes who are as built as….ooh, no. No, we’re not talking about this. Yikes. Forget I said anything.”
Tony’s smile was blinding. “Hell yes. Have I ever told you just how much I love you?”
“Yes, you,” Loki snapped. “I see Stark isn’t the only idiot in this place. You two really are made for each other.”
Steve breathed out a shaky sigh. “So, this isn’t new. This isn’t some love potion-induced attraction.”
Tony grinned. "I'd tell you, but it'll cost you a blowjob to find out."
“Absolutely not,” Steve said, slightly horrified. “I’m not the person you should start with for fisting. I wouldn’t know what I’m doing and I don’t want to hurt you, Tony.”
After all the whining Tony had done, Steve had assumed Tony would pretty much jump him as soon as they made it into Steve’s bedroom. But once Steve pushed open the door, Tony immediately rushed over to the single bookcase in the corner and started lamenting about Steve’s lack of
“What? How come you never said anything?”
Steve had never seen Tony move so fast. One second he was in front of the bookshelf, and the next, he was sprawled across Steve’s bed.
Loki waved a hand dismissively. “That pales in comparison to what might have been done. Do you know how powerful some of these potions are? I’ve made potions that could disintegrate a bilgesnipe on contact.”
Steve studied the board. things were looking pretty bad for him. But the game wasn’t over yet. He carefully moved his king out of the line of fire. “You’re enjoying this, aren’t you?”
Tony spent almost an hour pointing out every interaction where he had mentioned even in an offhand way that Steve was hot or had made a joking reference to the two of them hooking up. He had even brought up all the times Natasha had teased them for fighting like an old married couple. Steve understood Tony really wanted to make it clear that he had had feelings all along, but this was overkill. And no amount of gentle persuasion could get Tony to change the subject. Even though it had been important to make sure Tony wasn’t under a love spell, Steve almost regretted bringing it up.
