“Then you should do it Cas, apply to college and every scholarship you can find. If college is what you want, we can make it happen.” Dean squeezed his boyfriend tight for the rest of their secret time together.
“I don’t know how they did this, but I have to say its not half bad.” Dean tilted his beer towards Cas then proceeded to drink.
Dean and Cas had been dating for a few years at this point. It was obvious to everyone around them that clearly, they were beyond heads over heels for each other but neither one of them wanted to admit it.  Both were afraid for different reasons.
Castiel laid in bed in the middle of the night, morning? Its 3 am and he can’t sleep. There was an itch under his skin and he had been on edge for the last few days but he couldn’t exactly figure out why. Dean had called before bedtime and talked to the kids. They were overjoyed to talk to him and spent at least half an hour bombarding him with stories of the shows the had been watching, what they had done at school and the fun facts they had learned.
“Okay? You’re not going to yell? Scream? Maybe throw that abomination of coffee in my face?” He tried to slip in a joke hoping to add some levity to the situation. Maybe the moment wouldn’t seem so heavy. Maybe Castiel was finally starting to understand.
Coming home from work Castiel would have barely beat him home the kids would be playing in the backyard, probably getting filthy.  There would be an exchange of stories. Him with crazy customers, Cas talking about how his newest creation lit up the eyes of the most dreary adult.
Castiel got up and tried to behave as if nothing had happened. He packed up their things, called the kids to put on their sandals and headed towards the donut shop like nothing was wrong.
“Great whatever you touched, just gave us some kind of virus!!” Charlie was leaned over the desk pressing keys on Deans computer. ”I’ll fix it but you’re paying me overtime for this, and now you’re my handmaiden for my next LARP event.” Charlie stood in his doorway with her arms folded over her chest. She knew he couldn’t argue, she could demand anything and he’d have to give in. Dean rolled his eyes, “Whatever you want Charlie just fix it please?” Charlie sighed, “Fine Winchester. I gotta go get my laptop but I’ll be back in less than an hour.”
“Sweetheart I hear I’m still the only name on that list of yours, you should let those babies come see their papa. I know they’re worried about you. It would probably put them at ease to at least see you.” Ellen wasn’t wrong, the last time they had seen him was when he dropped them off with Sam to hang out before all of this happened. He wasn’t sure if they’d seen him in the hospital while he was unconscious.
“Dean..are you trying to name one of our babies after a Disney princess? What makes you so sure that we are having a girl?”
“I’m not a match, I can’t help them. I was ready to risk our future children, I can’t believe I was ready to make such a selfish decision!” After the words finally left her she slumped against the table. “I wasn’t even going to hesitate. Even if you said not to I was going to, now I know I can’t help and I just feel so useless.” Jess mumbled the last of that with her face tucked into her arms.
Castiel placed his phone back down on the counter top and cleaned up after himself, he was always a considerate guest. Luckily, after the first few times Dean caused Castiel to flee his own apartment, he began keeping spare clothes at Gabes. It was quite convenient over the past year, although every time he used those clothes…his heart broke a little more.
There was a knock at his door just as he was sliding on his shoes and putting his wallet in his back pocket.
“Plus last time I left it up to you to come find me, we didn’t leave here till almost midnight and that’s only because I came looking for you, and found you asleep with your face in a book.”
The psychiatrist had seemed genuinely excited about the development even though the nurses that dealt with him daily were not so enthusiastic. Luckily for them, they could tell his mood by what was in his hands, journal and his pencil meant angry or horny if he had colored pencils and his sketchbook then it would be a good day. Castiel had taken to sketching what he could see in the garden, sometimes sticking to reality other times letting his imagination transform what he could see into new candy creations.
It was getting close to dinner time by now and it was almost time for their last step but first dinner.
After a few regulars, she picked up the microphone and announced that they had a special guest performing tonight and asked him to come to the stage.
“Well hello Sasquatch, I figured you wouldn’t want to see this in person. What do you want? Gabriel glanced up at Sam forgetting how even though he was younger, Sam was significantly taller.
“Yea they found me, it sounds like you know more about this so tell me what happened Sam? I thought I had time.” Dean took another big gulp of whiskey. “He—Cas—he told me that he would divorce me if I signed another contract. He gave me an ultimatum, our marriage or the next contract.” Dean had so much more to say but this was not the time or place for sharing and caring.
Gabe went to open the window to air out the room. The less of her scent when they opened the door, the better.
Gabe jogged to catch his brother and yanked him into a room to yell at him in private. “Leaving the woods was against the rules!! If Naomi finds out, hell if anybody finds out, they can make you run again or even just sell you off!!!” Gabriel was pissed at his brother for risking so much over the years. The terrible things that could’ve happened to him if he’d been caught sneaking out of the forest.
“yea, hold on.” Dean grumbled as he walked back to his room to grab the ring he spent forever to find for Cas.
“The chef doesn’t reveal his secrets little bro.” Gabriel strolled back in the kitchen with his chest puffed out in pride.
Charlie didn’t know the words that her best friend needed, but she could hold him and give him support.
“I can’t do that, and you know why I can’t. He’s always only ever dated women. Yes, they were of all secondary genders, but they were all women. He could never want me Gabe. If I tell him he will move out and I will lose him forever, I can’t risk it.“  Castiel believed in his heart that he’d never love anyone as much as he loved Dean and he was okay with that. Dean would go on and find someone to love and Cas would live out his days throwing himself into his work. As long as Dean was happy, that’s all that mattered.
“I think its you that should be telling me how I am doing Sam.” Cas responded dryly, hoping a bit of humor could bring some levity to such a tense situation. Sams’ lips twitched into a slight smile for a moment. He appreciated the attempt but still had to maintain some professionalism. “I still don’t like that Dean has no clue that you’re here. What does he think has been going with you for these past couple weeks?”
“A donor?! Like as in for a transplant?!? As in he needs surgery? “Dean seemed to be practically hyperventilating.
“Dean? Yea I’m here just give me a second and I’ll call you back.” Sam hung up the phone before he gave his brother a chance to respond. His patients needed his attention but he also needed a second to prepare himself for the screaming that he was about to endure. His guilt over keeping a secret from his brother had already been eating at him, now he would be forced to deal with the anger resulting from that decision.
The afternoon that followed was one that Sam had not expected. They spent their day wandering the garden looking over Castiels candy drawings and keeping him appraised of the childrens most recent antics. Such as Aiden and his switch to a preference of peanut butter on his toast instead of jam, or Claire and her new favorite color is blue instead of the pink which reigned supreme in her old bedroom.
“I was in town on business and I decided to stop by and check in on our friend here, gotta make sure to keep his spirits up.” Cain gave Jess a smile as he continued on his way. “Hmm..that was weird don’t you think?” Sam looked over at Jess wondering if she got the same vibe that he did. Jess waved at a few nurses before she answered: “Not at all, everybody loves Cas, there’s always somebody visiting him these days.” “Yea he is a popular one.” Missouri chimed in from behind them causing Sam to jump. He always swore that woman was magic in some way, but never said it aloud. Missouri was the only woman Sam feared as much as Ellen.
Dean spent more time on research and strategy than he ever had previously in his career. Typically, he would just go with whatever information was given to him in the dossier for his next “acquisition”, but since he had lofty goals in mind and was working to fast track the end of his contract, he needed to be sure that he could trust all of his information. Ramiel was not above sabotage, Dean had seen many good operators get injured on the job due to false or incomplete information. This was important to avoid because according to the contract, any time and money spent in recuperation due to injury while working had to be repaid to the company, meaning an extension on his time. If any of what Sa has been saying is true, then that’s not something Dean can risk at this moment.
Dean couldn’t get in to see Cas but he was allowed to leave some things for him. He left the hoodie and they took the honey, but they wouldn’t accept the mug. Dean called almost daily to speak with the doctor working with Cas. He knew progress wouldn’t be overnight, but news of setbacks hurt. He knew it was all his fault. Dean knew that everything Castiel had gone through was his responsibility.
Dean didn’t think it had been too long, but before he knew it the gun was going off meaning Cas was racing into the woods. Now he just had to wait. Cas was fast and knew exactly where this hideout was, now he just had to make it here.
It took Charlie a little while, but she found the virus, fixed the firewall and restored everything the virus touched. Charlie checked over all of her files and any new info that happened to find its way into her hard drive. The only thing new was Lucifers test results. “Shit, he’s not a match either.” Charlie hadn’t told anyone she was having him tested and it worked in her favor, now she was the only one to be disappointed. She hadn’t noticed the picture she kept on her desk of Dean and Cas was gone.
Castiel smiled for the first time in the last two days. “Gabe I need you to do me a favor, a couple of favors actually.”
“Oh sweetie you’re awake, thank goodness. If you didn’t wake up soon I was going to have to bring in an extra bed and IV for that husband of yours. He hasn’t left you longer than it takes to use the bathroom and barely ate since we brought you in.”  The nurse was gentle in all of her checks gingerly moving Cas’ limbs in the daily exercises to help with his circulation.
“Well on the mend does not mean healed so, I think you need to come to see me at least twice a week for a while. What do you think about that?”
“Hey Cas, I’m about elbow deep in this engine rebuild what’s up.” Deans voice was muffled meaning he had the phone pinned between his shoulder and ear probably still using the ratchet Cas could hear in the background.
“If you make it to 18, what do you want to do next?” Dean sat now with Cas in his lap. “I’m going to make it, there’s only time for 1 more run between now and when I graduate, with the pompous jerks that are participating now I’ll make it no problem.” Cas was hardly hiding his contempt for his newfound notoriety as the omega that can’t be claimed.
“First, let me answer Aidens' question. We can move if you would like. I want us to go back to the west coast where we could go to the beach. Do you remember that? What do you think about that?” Castiel watched Aidens' face as he could see the wheels turning in his mind.
Castiel kept talking unprompted. He had to give it to Dr. Barnes, there was something about wearing out his body that gave him clarity in his mind. Thoughts weren’t so jumbled up by emotions he wouldn’t or couldn’t express.
“What do you mean he’s moving out??!?!” Dean fell back on his bed. “Why would he need to do that?!?!” Dean knew the answer, Cas was a self-sacrificing, humble alpha. If he truly believed he was causing problems then he would fix the problem at his own inconvenience.
Somehow since they were children Dean always managed to get under his skin. Cas would never admit it was because of the soul-encompassing crush he had on his best friend and no matter how many times Gabe pestered him about it, he made a vow to himself after seeing Dean with that girl Lisa, he would never do anything about it. Friends were all they would ever be, and although it would hurt like hell, he was okay with it.
Finally getting over the initial shock of the news, Dean took a second to let everything process. This is what Sammy had been trying to tell him that day at Sunday dinner, there was something wrong with his husband and he couldn’t stop to notice.
“Well, all that my parents would ever tell me is that I was saved from a dire situation and given a second chance at life, that I shouldn’t waste it. When I got older and tried to look into it all I could find was a bunch of dead ends. I don’t even remember them, beyond the occasional random dream. Sometimes I would wonder why no one ever came looking for me, but then again if they did, maybe I wouldn’t have the life I do now.” Cas shifted back into his bed, staring off into nothing as he explained his story. He had no reason to be spilling his heart out to a random doctor but it all just came spilling out, at least someone would know.
Castiel knew that Sam was only arguing out of concern. He was worried and being sworn to secrecy only made this harder. “Okay so this is what we’re going to do, since you have a stack of symptoms that could mean a plethora of things, I’m going to start running tests. First I want to rule out all the big bads and work from there.”
“Gabe I think we need to check on mom and dad more.” Castiel was hunched over his laptop looking over the latest spreadsheets for his final reports.
Castiel took the time in the shower. His mind kept those previous moments playing on a constant loop. He tried to remember every bit of Deans face gauging every possible reaction he could’ve had and what every muscle twitch could have possibly meant. He contemplated calling Gabriel, but he knew his brother would only respond with raunchy comedy and go get him alpha neither of which was helpful.
“I know Ellen.” Castiel grabbed Ellens hand trying to convey every emotion he couldn’t bring himself to give words.
This restaurant was somewhat known for its karaoke nights and much to Castiel’ chagrin Gabriel seemed to be a crowd favorite. Every couple of minutes after signups were announced people came by the table to make sure Gabriel was going to sing some of their favorite songs.
“I guess, no I know I wasn’t ready to face them. Dean would ask questions and demand answers. Sam would just look at me with pity, probably coddle me and constantly watch me. I don’t even know what they’ve told the kids about where I am but, I don’t want them to know how weak I am. How weak I was.”
“Gabriel, can I ask you something?” Castiel walked into the kitchen and leaned back against the counter top. Suddenly the pattern on the floor was extremely interesting and he couldn’t meet his brother’s eyes. ”You just did bro, but sure go ahead.” Gabriel was building a massive sandwich, one that Castiel was sure they’d have to unhinge their jaws to actually eat.
“I’m not hungry.” Cas rolled to face the window. The sunshine seemed to betray his sadness. The world should be just as dreary and morose as him. There shouldn’t be birds tweeting and flying high in the sky. There should be clouds threatening to rain, not peaceful blue skies with a perfect fluffy white cloud floating by. The nurse should be surly and mean, regretting her choice of employment.
“Have you talked to Dean this week? Last I heard he was looking at extending his time because of some ridiculous bonus they offered him.”
The week before his first run, he begged his family to reconsider and let him at least finish school before making him do this. Neither of his parents seemed to understand his resistance. Then again, neither of them were omegas. His dad Chuck was a beta and had no idea about any of it as he had come from some hippy community in California, his mother, Naomi was pure alpha. Naomi had been taught from childhood that omegas needed an alpha to control them and train them. Once she had convinced Chuck, there was nothing Cas could do.
“Dean, Cas is not cheating on you. He was talking to me this morning. He’ll probably kill me for telling you this but, you deserve to know. Not knowing is hurting you more than knowing and he was just trying to spare you the stress sense you’ve been so freaked out about running the shop.” Charlies eyes had softened during her speech. The internal struggle between keeping a secret and helping someone she saw as a brother.
Dean called the twins into the dining room for lunch. On the weekends he really loved being home with the twins while Castiel went on hippy-dippy trips to the farmers market or to see some indie movie with Sam. This time Dean took Sam's advice and instead of making fries to go with his burgers, there were veggies.
“Oh Ummm, well, I will let you get to your rooms, and we can meet up to go around lunch?” Cas looked up at Sam for a confirmation nod before he snatched up his duffle and practically ran towards his room.
Working in the candy shop building his creations couldn’t even pull Castiel out of his numb existence. Usually seeing the joy in a childs' eyes when they found his latest creation warmed his heart, now there was nothing. When Mrs. Levi walked in with a crooked glint in her eyes he didn’t rise to the challenge. She actually seemed a little disappointed that he wasn’t in the mood for their battle of details.
“Play fair Dean, Cassie answered his, no answer yours. Theres a prize if you do.” Gabe winked at him, Dean was still annoyed but went on.
For someone as well trained as Dean, he should have seen it coming. Sams fist connected with his jaw knocking him to the ground. Sam gave him a swift kick to the ribs before security was able to intervene.
Driven on by the growing scent of arousal the two began to practically rip clothing off of each other in the middle of the kitchen.
First, they stopped at a small diner because a hungry Dean was an angry Dean. There was a small table for two with a single rose and food waiting for them tucked away in the corner.
“What? Umm yeah sure.” Dean had no clue what he’d just agreed to. Hopefully, it involved chocolate in some form.
Dean knew his choices had done damage to Cas, but he hadn’t taken the time to think about what all of this was doing to the kids. This outburst coupled with the one from Castiel, Dean couldn’t possibly feel any worse about what he’d done to his family. At this rate, Claire was a ticking time bomb.
“Ummm…wheres my normal doctor? Has he decided its easier for a clean break when kicking me out if someone else does it?” Castiel shuffled his feet near the door, hesitant to actually take the seat being offered. There as no point in getting comfortable just to get the boot.
“Jeeze, you’re not gonna help me with this at all are you?” Sam chuckled and checked his watch. Cas just shook his head no.” If I help you, then how am I gonna claim my spot as best uncle?” This was a daily debate between Cas and Dean over who would end up being the favorite uncle. Jess kept telling them both they would be loved equally but of course, neither of them could accept that.  “Well, I’m glad to see you are doing alright, Missouri should be in soon to check on you.” Sam stood up to start his rounds and visit other patients. There was something about spending that short half-hour with Cas that renewed his spirits.
“What and you think your husband doesn’t? You really need to call him more. Lately, he’s seemed—I don’t know, disconnected.” Sam could tell Castiel was worn down and something about the way they talked last time still hadn’t sat well with him.
After going through the photos of 4 different houses, Claire looked up. “I like the blue house!!! It has a big kitchen with two ovens so we ALWAYS have room to make cookies!!!” Castiel couldn’t help but chuckle at her reasoning.
The last bit of that question barely came out as Gabriel couldn’t help dropping to his needs in front of Castiel pretending to beg.
“Hey, Charlie, or should I be bowing to the queen?” Dean caught Charlie as she is on her way out of the door talking with a friend.
“Jess came by earlier, she is so excited for the party and needed some menu suggestions. She’ll never get my potato salad recipe out of me, but it's amusing to watch her try.” Cas chuckled to himself as he surveyed the desserts laid out in front of him. “Are all of these for me? Surely you don’t expect me to eat it all.” Cas looked over at his husband who was relaxed in the chair with his feet propped up on the end of his bed.
“Well, I feel really special. So, have you two figured out how you’re going to share the news with everyone else?” Neither Jess or Sam answered both just shrugged. “I know I want it to be fun kind of like a ‘surprise we’re having a baby’ party. Any suggestions?” Jess looked at either of the guys.
The intro to Cas’ favorite song starts up which made Dean chuckle to himself and sing from his heart.
“And no sweetie, daddy won't be coming to help us. If we move it’ll just be the three of us.” Castiel ran his fingers through her hair trying to comfort her as best as he could. She looked up at him confused for a second but just as quickly she shrugged. “If we move then I’ll get to play with the mermaids if we don’t then I get to stay with my friends here. Like Alex, she’s my best friend.
…..I would do whatever I could to show you how much you mean to me, and how much you matter.“ Cas knew that it was still difficult for Dean to discuss.
Castiel knew that last one was Gabriels’ way of getting him to laugh just a little. Stressing out would only bring tension into the room and no doubt Dean would assume it was his fault. While not technically incorrect, he’d definitely take it the wrong way.
The car ride home was so relaxed Dean drummed on the steering wheel belting out his favorite classics while Aiden tried to sing along and Claire cheered for them both.  Sam watched as an outsider to a moment he knew his brother would never forget.
When Dean and Cas walked into the roadhouse that night, just hoping to finally enjoy a night together after a long work week. Dean at the auto shop he was now managing and working his way to the owner position when Bobby finally retired. Cas at the law firm working his way towards partner.
The entire time they were trapped in the car Claire took it upon herself to point out each and every bird she saw. They were sitting next to the neighborhood park, so she had many birds to choose from and describe in such detail that after half an hour Aidan asked her to “be quiet and take a nap”. That request went over just as well as anyone would assume. This launched into a sibling battle in the backseat.
“Alright Char, I’ll see you Sunday.” Dean walked out the door with a smirk on his face, tough love was always their way to show they cared. He didn’t know what he would do without a friend like Charlie.
“Umm, well sir, I came to tell you that I don’t think I can take the extension. You see there are problems back home and—”
Unlike the days before Castiel slept, hard. There was something about Dean being home that helped him not be as on edge when it came to every noise the house would make. Castiel opened his eyes and the sun was already up
“It’s a start, but I’ve been told not to take it easy on you, and I don’t intend to.” Castiel sipped the coffee, it truly tasted like the nectar of the gods. This was the only coffee shop in town he would patronize unless outvoted by friends and even then he would only purchase tea. The rest of the cafés and coffee shops were just disappointments in comparison.
“Well, you’re down there by yourself, can you blame me?” Sam chuckled a little, there was no way he’d ever realize that he was Castiels lifeline to the outside world and some days the only thing that helped him keep going.
“Roadhouse, burgers, beer, with Gabe. Cool?” Sam broke into caveman speak knowing he’d only hold Deans attention for so long.
By the end of it, Castiel was pacing not even acknowledging the other two people in the room. He never gave Dean a chance to respond or even nod his agreement or disagreement with his perception of the events. Meaning he never looked up to see how bad his words were hurting Dean.
“I’m sure he would greatly appreciate it. Since you’ll be seeing him today to drop it off, I assume, can you also inform him that he has all of next week off?” Charlie was putting the finishing touches on the new schedule and sending it out to all the employees. No complaints had come back and some were even happy to work the extra hours.
Cas couldn’t shake the dream. After talking about it during one of his treatments Missouri told him it wasn’t unusual to dream when under anesthesia. To Cas it felt more like a memory than a dream, a memory long forgotten.
Two weeks passed and although his situation hadn’t gotten any worse, he also hadn’t gotten any better. Cain insisted on coming to Castiel for checkups instead of the other way around. The less stress they put on his body the less likely he was to further degrade his kidney. Plus this also gave Cain and Sam time to hang out without being in the hospital, although they mostly discussed medical cases anyway.
Cas snatched the remote from his hands and pulled up the documentary he’d meant to finish a few days ago. “Business is a job, nature and its preservation is for fun.” Cas smirked at Dean as the documentary played. He barely paid any attention, too lost in the heavenly bowl of soup in his hands. The day Dean finds someone to settle down with will be the saddest day of his life.
“Mated couple? They're not mated, Dean,-- the guy that ran out of here—that’s my brother and Cas has been our friend since we were kids.” She looked at him like a disapproving grandmother.
“You’re clearly not fine, you two barely have said two words to each other all night. Not to mention that you’re not sickeningly sweet and adorable like you two usually are.” Sam tried to keep his voice down but the look he gave his brother was broadcasting his worry. “We’re fine, I’ve just been tired that’s all. Besides we cant all be in perpetual puppy love, like you and Jess.” Sam rolled his eyes, clearly, his brother was trying to deflect the real issue.
“Dr. Winchester.” Sam picked up the phone but barely listened to the voice on the other side. He was preoccupied with nurses filling him in on the most recent test results for his multiple patients as well as which patients needed his immediate attention.
“Castiel I’m here for my shift at the desk.” A young man with brown hair stepped behind the desk only leaving enough room for Castiel to slip by. “Eli, you’re a little early, I wasn’t quite expecting you yet.” Castiel gathered up his belongings and relinquished control of the computer at the desk. “Fair warning, it seems to be Murphy's law type of day for the freshman.” With his last comment, Castiel pat Eli on the back and walked in the direction of the parking lot. He was not going to question being set free early.
From under the blankets, a glazed-eyed gaunt face peered out. He wasn’t quite focusing on her but he acknowledged her presence, that was an improvement no matter how minute.
Castiel waited until everyone was otherwise occupied and snuck away to the beach house that seemed to stay in the distance.
Unknown to Castiel, they did as Cain and Sam insisted when Cas was first brought in and all of their friends had already submitted to testing for compatibility as possible donors. Should it come to that, they would all willingly go under the knife for a dear friend.
What he couldn’t figure out is how he was going to fix this. Couldn’t Cas understand that he was doing it for them? He needed to be able to support his family, and this is what he was good at doing. This is what he was paid to do.
“Boy don’t you worry yourself too much. You may not remember me but I remember you, boy. I knew your daddy too. You were just as stuck in your ways then as I suspect you are now. I’m here to help you find your way. Here.” Missouri gave him a knife and a few peppers to keep his hands busy.
Sam was definitely more involved in the kids' lives than Dean was at the moment. The way Castiel set up all the paperwork, he was the alternate contact point for everything, not Dean. Dean was listed as their father, but Sam was the next name on the list of primary contacts.
“Umm, ok.” Dean was speechless. First, he was half awake and hungover so he was not really sure that what he was seeing was really happening. All the training he had seemed to have left him as he found himself obediently following and sitting at the counter in the kitchen. “First a couple of questions. Like who are you, how do you know who I am and how do you know where I live and what are you doing here?”
Another weekend to look forward to working instead of playing, yea he might be getting too old to play with his brother and friends, according to his dad, it was time for him to
“Cas buddy how are you feeling today?” Charlie slid into one of the chairs next to his bed. She pulled out some of his favorite novels from her bag along with his laptop. She knew that sick or not, if the urge to write hit, he’d need to get it out somehow.
“So it seems that medication we gave you is no longer an option. Somehow your body decided to reject it and that increased the rate of deterioration of your kidney. Now I'm not gonna sugar coat it, this does mean we should think about more aggressive measures.”
Dean had mostly tuned out the conversation in an effort to concentrate on Aiden. He still wasn’t quite settled into space so Dean pulled out his favorite snack maybe that along with the action figures he was already playing with could help him settle.
It didn’t bother him that Dean was always surrounded in friends, what bothered him was that Dean found comfort in someone other than him. Growing up it had been them together, always able to read each other like an open book. Now….not so much. He wanted to be angry with Dean about the distance but he shied away as well when he realized that the feelings he felt for Dean were more than that of comradery. Every date Dean went on hurt, every time Dean was romantic with someone, Cas couldn’t help but wish it was him who shared that special moment with Dean. Sentiments he’d chosen long ago to keep to himself. Dean clearly didn’t want him. Wouldn’t want someone like him, if the friendship was all that he could have, the Cas would gladly take it and keep his emotions to himself.
“Yes I’m Mr. Winchester, you called about my son Aiden?” Dean leaned into the doorway and noticed his normally well-mannered son sitting in a ball in the corner of the room.
“Huh?..oh, not much happened today. Like I said Charlie came over and hung out. She’s got some project due soon so she probably just needed a change of scenery to focus.” Dean spoke loud enough to be heard from the kitchen as he checked the crumble and scooped his own bowl of soup.
“You know what Gabriel, worry about how I’m going to apologize for threatening to burn his record collection before you try to plan the rest of my life.” Castiel focused on keeping his scent neutral, no point in disturbing everyone around him with his emotions and ruining their day as well.
Deans whole day at the auto shop was filled with personally servicing police cruisers. He was thankful for the distraction, it helped burn time until he could run home and shower then go visit his angel. Everyday wore on Dean as he watched Castiel slowly deteriorate, he’d never let Cas see how bad it affected him though. Jess told him last week when she invited him to their barbeque for the holiday that he needed to stay strong, even if it was only in front of Cas.
Aiden adjusted better out of the two. All he did was swap out his understanding of which parent had magically disappeared. He’d been so used to only having one parent in his life that the fact that Papa had disappeared, and daddy was now around didn’t seem to matter too much. At least he didn’t make it obvious that it bothered him.
“Sam, how is Dean? We both know how he can get when things get……complicated.” Cas had to choose his words wisely, even though Dean wasn’t there he knew he still wouldn’t want the conversation to seem like anything emotional or in his words ‘chick-flick’. Sam chuckled a bit, yea that was his brother alright. “I talked to Jess a little while ago, Dean actually went to the shop, she thinks he’s in denial, but I know he just needs to feel useful right now.”
“Alright Cassie, now that you are finally free, are you going to let me in on the secret of how you survived all those runs?” Gabriel eyed his brother as he noticed a blush and a smile appeared on Cas’ face.
Cas only gave him a slight smile and went back to his discussion with Charlie. Dean kind of felt bad for it, normally at this point he’d have his arms wrapped around Cas and they would be practically making out just to say hello. Everyone always said they were sickeningly sweet in love, although he hadn’t heard that comment in a while. “No I didn’t make you a pie, I made peanut butter & Jelly cookies for Cas cause they’re his favorite and he’s had a hard week.” Jess slapped Deans hand away from the tray stacked with cookies preventing him from snatching a few.
Dean was so wrapped up in his thoughts he hadn’t noticed that he was attracting attention from a certain girl.
“I can't help it if you’ve got a nice ass, Dean.” Castiel sat up against the headboard and took the mug out of Deans hands.
She left Dean sitting on the barstool. She’d only been there an hour but he realized he felt a little better. Someone who wouldn’t judge but was only there to help.  Before the kids got back, Dean had scheduled the next appointment for Friday. After eating the chili for dinner that night he may have even been looking forward to seeing what she might cook.
“You know I wouldn’t believe it if I didn’t see it with my own eyes, you’ve got that man wrapped around your finger.” Missouri couldn’t help but chuckle to herself. “Come on let’s get you back to your room, don’t want you too worn out for your husband.” Missouri went to help Cas up when Sam grabbed his arms for assistance. “I’ll walk him back Missouri.” Sam gave her a gentle smile as she went on her way.
“Cas? Can we talk after we put the kids to bed?” Dean was gathering Aiden up in his arms and whispering over the end credits.
As Charlie went on to relay the series of events that unfolded earlier that day, Sam could do nothing but roll his eyes at his brothers’ antics. How in the world could Dean think Cas would cheat? Those two idiots were made for each other more than they ever realize.
“Alright ladies and gentlemen!!!” Jo’s voice came up over the mike after she dropped off a couple milkshakes at the table next to Cas and Deans.
“Sam? What are you doing here?” Dean quietly closed the door and ushered everyone into the kitchen to put more distance between them and the mistake currently sleeping in his bedroom. “Well Gabe and I kind of have a date later tonight but he said he needed my help first.“ Sam shrugged and started poking around the kitchen looking for a snack.
“Okay papa, can I go first?” Aidan looked like he was just as done with the situation as his father. It didn’t help that Aidan ended up being his clone with slightly lighter hair.
“Umm, Mr. Winchester. I know it doesn’t seem like it but. This is a good thing. He needed to get that out. Although how he did it is about the worst way possible. That is not what was intended for today's session.”
Cas slowly opened his eyes, he was back in his room but surrounded by everyone. Dean, Sam, Jess, Missouri, Charlie, even Bobby, and Ellen are there.
Although it was only a few feet from the stairs to the dining room where his husband was waiting, Dean felt like he was walking a million miles. Every scenario in his mind told him that this talk was not about to go well. He had a 1 in about 15 billion chance. Not good odds
“Hey bossman wasn’t expecting you so I parceled out your work but I’m sure the guys won't mind you taking it all back, although they might start to miss the overtime pay.” Charlie winked from over her coffee cup.
.” Dean closed the door before she could even finish the statement. She’d figure it out, and if she didn’t well, he had bigger issues to deal with at the moment.
“Yea, everything is wired up and ready. We just have to get Dumb and Dumber inside.” Gabriel and Charlie decided that a more hands-off, big brother approach was going to be the best way for getting the two men together. After their last mess up Charlie took lead and it showed. There was tech everywhere.
When the timer for the pie went off, Cas didn’t let himself lose hope, so Dean was a little late, he said he’d be home for dinner. After Cas checked his phone for the 5
A knock broke his train of thought.” Dr. Winchester, your favorite patient is requesting your presence.” Sam nodded and closed the file, maybe he could convince Cas to at least allow him to look at the results if he promised not to do anything with them.
She looked up at him with big blue eyes and placed one hand on his chest. Yet, looking back at her, Dean felt nothing… in fact he couldn’t even remember her name. “Sure thing sweetheart, I’ll give you a call.” He smiled at her stepped back into the apartment. “
While the men were packing everything Castiel took the time just to spend a few precious moments with his children. He wanted their memories, whatever would last to be of happier times.
“Does Dean know? I mean I know he means well and he feels he needs to make more than enough money to take care of you all.” Sam tried to explain Deans need to be the caregiver all over again.
There were eyes of women, and a few children who were cowering in the corners seemed to always just be out of view. The barely-there faces of the family left behind by those he’d visited. Anytime a moment of happiness entered his life. There they were. The shadows of the horrid actions he’d accomplished.
Around lunchtime, Castiel called Sam to update him and possibly get some advice, especially legality and the best way to proceed with the kids.
“Man-up Winchester, he’s going to need you to be strong but here, you can just let it all out. Now I wanted to let you know I got my results back and I’m not a match, but I am working on finding the best possible match out there.” Charlie went back to tinkering on her tablet and let her words sink in as Dean kept working.
“I know this sucks bro, I wish there was more that I could do to help you.” Gabe sat on the edge of Castiels bed with a cherry sucker sticking out of his mouth
Castiel woke up a few hours later already tucked into his bed. On his desk a note saying he had an appointment with this therapist first thing in the morning.
“Yea that sounds like a plan Dean except Cas is booking himself a ticket home on the bus and leaving because he ‘
“Okay, umm…that went better than I thought it would, let’s go let them out.” Sam stood to leave the office but was stopped by Charlie who pointed at the screen.
Deans alarm clock went off at god awful early as was his usual. He tried his best not to wake Cas when he got up for work in the mornings but he just couldn’t help giving him a kiss goodbye. The only difference was today Cas didn’t stir like he usually did. Instead of the normal body shift and eventual wake-up, he grimaced and rolled away like he had just been poked in his face by an offensive tree branch.
Dean cringed listening to the entire speech. Dean hadn’t made it known among his professional circle that he was married to a man. They all knew he was married due to the paperwork having a spouse listed as the next of kin. He didn’t outright lie, it's just when they saw the name Castiel they made assumptions and he never bothered to correct them.
“Castiel, the only way this works is if you stay present. I’ve been told I’m good but I highly doubt I can help you without actually having a conversation with you.” The doctor took a few notes as he chuckled to himself, at least he thought he was funny.
“Hello, Dean.” Castiel had just gotten resettled from his second walk of the day with Missouri, he may not be able to walk for as long due to his lack in stamina but he still enjoyed his opportunity to get out of the room for more than just repetitive tests.
Sorry Its been a while since I've updated the story. School is taking all of my time right now. I will update as often as the inspiration strikes.
“Hey, I hear you were looking for me.” Sam poked his head in the room not wanting to interrupt Missouri while she was talking, no one ever wanted to be on her bad side. “Now you take better care of yourself boy.”  Missouri hugged Cas and nodded at Sam as she walked out of the room.
Castiel put away his bag in the back and finished off his coffee before getting right into work and making ribbon candies. Something about his hands made him perfect for pulling candy, or so that’s what the manager said when he was in his trial period. Lost in his own world working with the sweet treat this was his small piece of heaven. Working with his hands, the evidence of his exhaustion right there in front of him. Seeing the joy in childrens’ eyes when he chooses to make special shapes, sometimes there are flowers or pinwheels. His personal favorite is when he takes the time to build a bumblebee, using lemon and blueberry flavorings to match the dyes in the ribbons.
Castiel walked up behind him kissing and nibbling at his neck. “ I know my omega, pie is always the right choice.” Castiel stopped for a moment as if frozen in time. “Or would you have preferred something else? I mean I thought about doing rose petals but I figured you wouldn’t like that and I couldn’t remember what your favorite flower was..” Dean turned around and drew Castiel into a kiss to calm his erratic nerves.
“Guess what guys?! We’re going to camp out again!!” Castiel yelled towards the bedrooms in the house. Thank goodness this was a ranch-style home….no stairs.
“Cas look, man, that’s, you’re putting me in a tough spot man. I mean I get it, you’re tired of the single parent life. It’s not what you signed up for and it’s not fair for the kids, but is divorce really going to fix that?” Sam just had to ask the obvious questions
so you remember how badass people are.” Charlie didn’t leave much room for argument. She hated to see Dean filled with so much doubt and fear, it had to be fixed immediately.
Once downstairs, Cas headed for the pantry to grab the necessary items. “No, you go have a seat Cas. I think I can manage to put together a sandwich.” Dean ushered Cas to a chair and gave him that million-dollar smile that always made Cas melt. Although the concern in his eyes didn’t escape Castiels attention, Charlie had told Dean something, if not everything.
“What Dean? I have an exam to study for, semesters almost over you know.” Sam was clearly distracted and tired. Dean kind of felt bad but nothing could kill his high.
“Oh well…maybe another time then?” Hannah tried to hide her disappointment behind a smile, but it was evident in her eyes.
“Dean…you’re still here….not that I didn’t think you’d disappear… I mean.” Castiel was stumbling over his words. Of all the scenarios he had in his mind of how the evening would go, this was not one of them.
“I could use a good burger and more than a few beers after this clusterfuck of a trip. Count me in. Is Red gonna be there too?” This was the most interactive that Dean had been the entire drive back.
“Dean, how did you get Cas to agree to name one baby after an X-Men character and the other after a car company?”
“Gabriel I wouldn’t have been able to scare you if you kept the music at a humanly acceptable level, its amazing you’re not deaf and haven’t been kicked out due to noise complaints. I’m your brother and I’d report you.” Cas clutched his mug sitting down on a stool at the bar. Gabe slid a plate in front of him, making a show of drizzling the honey from an unnecessary height onto his cinnamon French toast.
“It's not stupid, its logic.” Cas tried to defend himself without giving away his idea. “Well I’ve heard the statement but that’s not always the way it works out. Do I need to remind you of that husband of yours?” Missouri didn’t have time to stay just yet, she started towards the door but left behind one good piece of advice. “Castiel? Whatever you’re thinking of doing, try and imagine Dean doing the same to you and think of how you would react. I’ll be back around lunch for our walk.” Missouri always had a way of being deep but only saying a few words.
“Hey nice to see you, stranger.” Jess bumped shoulders with Dean when he walked in the door, he hadn’t been to a Sunday dinner since he’d taken over the business, often using his Sundays to do the books or catch up on cars that needed work.
Cas went back to his book only to realize after a few hours that the sun didn’t appear to move. It seemed to be at the perfect angle…
“SAM!!! Are you even listening?!?!?!” Deans voice screeched through the phone almost making Sam drop the phone in an effort to save his eardrum.
“He’s around here somewhere said he had to make a phone call.” Castiel shrugged it off and looked up in time to see the waitress bringing his food.
Normally, while working a case Dean would spend his downtime sampling every local sweet treat he could find. Just because he was hard at work didn’t mean a man couldn’t enjoy the finer things in life. Finer things almost exclusively meaning any type of pie or pie-like thing he could find, but the point still stands.
Having already worked it out with his professors, Castiel took all of his final exams early. None of them wanted to risk him going into labor while he was in their classroom. Castiel was walking out of the campus bookstore when arms wrapped around him covering his eyes. His whole body went rigid and fear began radiating from him.
“Alright, Charlie so I’m guessing I should drop off some more of Deans flight meds so that he can go with Cas then?” Sam said it as he was writing out the prescription to hand to a nurse.
“Castiel, I know you think this is what you have to do but …” She sighed and sat down next to him. Missouri grabbed on to his hands and squeezed, a rare moment that not even she had the words. At this point he didn’t waste time trying to figure out how she knew things anymore, he just accepted it.
“I know it's not karaoke tonight but we have a special guest with a special message. Welcome to the stage Dean!!!!”
They spent time at the zoo. Aiden was enamored with the alpaca and the alpaca with him. Claire went crazy for all the tiny monkeys. He sat back and watched her run back and forth in front of the enclosure for at least 20 minutes. Almost as if they had been friends since birth.
Dean thought about how good Castiel had smelt the whole way, how comforting he’d been. How safe he felt next to him. Dean blushed as he thought back on that day.
“Morning babe” Cas turned to Dean with a big smile. Dean noticed that he looked wornout, before at dinner when Sam pointed it out Cas looked like he just needed a good nights rest, now he looks ragged but puffy. Castiel had taken to wearing more and more of Deans sweats and no shoes today, that was weird for him. He’d always worn his normal slacks dress socks and some sensible slip ons with an adorable argyle vest or sweater even though he didn’t have to look so professional working at home.
“I’m so glad you’re awake, Cas. I came home that night ready to apologize and I saw you laid out….I thought….it doesn’t matter what I thought, you’re awake now.” Dean placed his hand over Castiels' and gave a slight squeeze finally taking in that Cas had woken up and was still with him.
“It's daddy's turn to love us” Claire mumbled the words like it was a commonsense fact. This was how she saw the world and it was heartbreaking.
“Why are we the only ones in here? When did this place get a tv over the bar?” Walking up to the bar Dean noticed a double bacon cheeseburger and fries sitting there waiting with a note on top.
“So we will give you two about 5 minutes to decide who takes the first question. Don’t try to escape, the doors are locked and if you try to pick the locks Gabriel, our resident trickster, has booby trapped them all. May the odds be in your favor.”
Castiel smashed his lips into Deans in a kiss filled with passion and years of love. The two became lost in themselves, the roadhouse dropping away and only the two of them that mattered. The two began to feverishly undress each other, not bothering to worry about privacy. They had an urgent need. One they’d ignored for far too long.
“Ok so don’t get mad, I know when I started working here, we agreed that my dark computer skills needed to take a backseat but I’m using my powers for good here.” Charlie walked over to the desk with her hands up in a surrendering posture. “I decided that since I couldn’t be a donor for Cas, I would track down someone who possibly could, starting with his family, which it turns out, is not
Finally, a Friday night where Cas was off from work at an early enough hour that a date night was possible. It had been at least two years since karaoke nights have switched to Saturdays, so they decided that the roadhouse should be a good chill place to enjoy their evening and enjoy each others company….
“Well, Castiel I do believe that in spite of recent events you are on the mend. What do you think about that?” Castiel glanced out the window, the only things he could see were the tops of trees and the distant skyline. “I would say that is a good thing.” Castiel gave the answer he knew they were looking for.
“Home? Baby we are home, the house it right there.” Dean nodded off to the right of the umbrella. Castiel leaned around the umbrella to see a beautiful cape cod style beach house.
Castiel put on a strong façade when it came to working. Although now he got a billion questions about the mystery husband who called the store. Mostly he was questioned by Charlie, and that girl was persistent, but wearing headphones constantly got his message across
“Look I’ve got a way to save Cas I just need you to give this to him and tell him to trust me.” Sam shoved a piece of folded up paper in Gabe's hand and gave him the biggest puppy dog eyes he could muster.
“I don’t even want to know, just don’t call me for bail money.” Cas pinched the bridge of his nose after he put away his jacket. No one said a word so he turned and headed to the kitchen for a bottle of water.
as Gabriel had informed him it was called, none of them were men. Also knowing Dean grow up he could see how he denied his omega side. Sure he embraced his love of cooking, but that wasn’t gender specific, look at Gabriel, he was a omega but he worked at a bakery and had been making confectionary art since he could see the counter tops.
“eeeeeeeeeeee!!!!!” His mother literally squeaked. “Mom?” This was not what he was expecting, honestly, he wasn’t sure what to expect, it just wasn’t…..
On the drive to school, Castiel decided to at least test the waters with the children. “So, guys tell me, what do you think about possibly moving again?”
Cas stepped into his apartment to see his brother and two best friends gawking at him as if he’d just walked in wearing a sequin bikini and high heels. The day had been long enough already, Charlie and her gift obsession had worn his patience thin.
began to echo in his mind. Before he could do anything stupid, a waiter ran up and smashed a rag into his face that had been doused with a neutralizer. He couldn’t scent Dean anymore, and he was quickly gaining control over himself.
“Nah Cas go for it, sit in the front. I need the back to spread out anyway.” Sam slid into the backseat from the other side of the car leaving no room for argument from Castiel. “Besides, we still gotta pick up snacks for the road and if I have to listen to him explain why the chili lime is the best flavor of beef jerky one more time, then my head will explode.” Sam already had his jacket tucked under his head and a dog-eared book from one of his classes ready for reading.
“You know you don’t really have to go, Dean even said it's your trip as much as it is ours.” Sam tried to convince Castiel one last time. He could see the remorse and love in his eyes. “And yet, he can’t even be around me. Look this was supposed to be a surprise for you guys today but here.” Castiel reached into the side pocket of the duffle he was holding and pulled out two bracelets.
“So…..are we not going to talk about how you’re making Castiels favorite foods or….. “ Dammit why couldn’t Charlie leave well enough alone.
The doorbell rang, jolting Dean out of his frozen stupor. Sam was there and ready to plan their trip. First to pick a reasonable destination and then maybe pick a few stops if something was impressive in the area.
“Hey Charlie, can I ask you something?” Deans voice was unusually soft and unsure. “Yea sure boss whats up?” Charlie leaned on the counter next to Sam while grabbing up one of the leftover cookies. “Whats going on with Cas?” Dean couldn’t hide the guilt of realizing he’d been so caught up in keeping the shop going he had no clue what was happening with his own husband.
“Aiden? Where’s papa? Did he leave us like daddy used to?” Claire snuck into Aiden's bed in the middle of the night. It wasn’t an unusual occurrence since they moved. She preferred being with her brother since she hadn’t adjusted to her new room yet.
“Dean you need to talk to him, sooner rather than later.” Sam walked out of the kitchen behind Charlie. The tone of Sams' voice told Dean that this was not just some simple temporary problem.
“Cas I’m home!” Dean called out as if their apartment was huge. There was no answer, so he started to search. What he found was his mate already passed out in the bed with a bowl of green tea ice cream next to him. The moment was too precious to interrupt but he moved the bowl out of the way and draped a blanket across Cas and went back to the living room for a beer.
Charlie's hand stroked up and down Deans spine as the last few sobs wracked his body. Dean slowly got his tears under control with a soothing deep breath and had a new glint of resolve in his eyes. He would get his husband through this, he had to.
“Thought we lost you for a minute there…” Cain actually has a smile on his face trying to bring levity to the seriousness of the situation.
Ellen came by for her weekly visit. She was the only name Castiel had on his visitors' list. He didn’t want the kids to see him this way, it would only upset them. If he let Sam come it would undoubtedly lead to a conversation about Dean and that was the last thing he wanted to be thinking about. They couldn’t take a walk in the garden because of his most recent episode so she sat with him in the common area while they watched a documentary about the birds of the rainforest.
“Can it wait till the morning?” Castiel didn’t want to ruin the pleasant ending to what started out as a terrible day.
“Its time to get up!! Let's watch Cartoons!! Can we play a video game?!?” Aidan and Claire bombarded their parents with a litany of questions, too many to keep up with let alone answer coherently.
Every day that passed made Dean more and more anxious. Aiden and Claire had finally adjusted to him being around instead of their papa and had gone back to their normal daily schedule. Dean would pace the new house in the middle of the day, debating with himself about going to visit Castiel. Or at least trying to. Once Ellen had told him that she had gotten Castiel to the facility, he did all that he could to make sure Cas would be comfortable. They already had many of the comfort items he’d sent ahead but there were a few that Dean was hoping he could give to Castiel in person. One, in particular, was a specific hoodie of his that Cas would always take when he was home, or if they would allow it, he would bring Cas favorite mug or his favorite brand of honey.
Dean drifted back to sleep with the assumption that Cas just happened to use that paper to write on, and had
Dean walked Sam to the door. “I want details when you get back Sammy.” “It’s Sam. It hasn’t been Sammy since I was a chubby 12-yr old.” Sam tried to give a bitchface, but the upward quirk in his lips gave away his amusement at their age-old bickering. “You’ll always be Sammy to me, even if you are an overgrown moose.” Dean patted Sam on his back and pushed him out the door, stopping any opportunity for a retort.
Sorry it has been so long in between chapters. I'm letting the story guide me on this one, I hope you guys are liking it so far.
“—not from lack of trying.” Sam chuckled from his corner. He looked over at the small omega, well, small compared to him anyway. She was right, Gabe constantly flirted, brought him healthy snacks and treats. Not to mention that awesome date he planned for them a while back. Not taking a moment to let himself chicken out again Sam walked over to Gabriel, picked him up and kissed him.
“Yes, Dr. Mullen…um.. Cain. This is my husband, Dean.” Castiel tried not to fidget but Cain had such intensity in his eyes he must be seeing his soul. “Forgive me but Sam, Dr. Winchester, told me that you were a friend from college? I must admit I was expecting someone……different.” Cas tried to hide the embarrassment at his own statement.
“Besides, Jess always gets what she wants, I heard she’s already started picking colors for the nursery.” Cas couldn’t help but smirk since he was the one who helped her figure out the whole design. She had already started stashing some of the bedding and wall decorations at his house Dean didn’t even know.
“Nothing Sam just figured I would check-in, I know how you worry when you don’t hear from me every day.”
Castiel stood in the room looking around at the different stations she had pointed out, the punching bag, the yoga mat with a rainbow of bands stacked on top of it and then a desk with all kinds of art supplies. He had to admit, his brain did seem to work a little better when his hands were busy. This might just work.
In the early morning, both boys were unusually quiet, the weight of what they were about to attempt was not lost on them. Dean packed a bag with snacks, a few bottles of water and a bottle of his dads' scent blocker he uses for work. Its hours before the run should even be starting but he needs to be hidden before anyone starts posting guards.
He’d considered moving close to Sam and leaving the children with him. Sam would be a great father. He’s smart, logical, level headed and great at emotional talks as well as playing princess. SO much better than Castiel could ever see himself being. Clearly, Dean had realized how much he deserved better and so do their children.
Dean fumbled with getting him in the car correctly. They both were nervous about feeding him. Were they doing it right? Were they going to mess up this perfect gift that they had been given?
“What does Dean know?” Sam sighed half grateful not to have to keep up the secrets but he knew Cas, there might be a new lie to follow.
“Okay first its Sam, it hasn’t been Sammy since I was 12. Second, yea I figured why not go out on a date with him?” Sam seemed a little nervous but defensive about the whole situation so Dean figured he’d let it be for now. He needed to figure out how to get them out before Lisa woke up.
Charlie sat back in her chair at her desk, she hadn’t moved Dean’s schedule yet cause he promised he’d be in. Looking at the clock, he was running late but she decided to give him another 20 minutes to show up before giving away his jobs for the day.
, Castiel was never more thankful for having his own room than in those moments. It was like an unreachable itch underneath his skin. He could take the edge off, but he knew the only way he could be truly satisfied would be if his green-eyed Adonis were the one with roaming hands.
“Cain, I didn’t know you were here working today.” Sam paused after seeing the doctor pass him in the hallway.
Cas chuckled marking his page and pushing his stack of books to one side. “Well, you know me, Jess, it doesn’t matter where I am as long as I have a good book about flowers and bees.“ He used the controls on the side of the bed to sit up even further. Cas eyed Sam as he was shifting from one foot to the other and fidgeting, Cas could tell there was something he wanted to talk about, and he was about to burst.
“Charlie its gotta get done, and I have a full schedule tomorrow. Unless you’re going to be the one to explain to Ellen how we let the business tank.” Dean practically growled out his frustration. He hated keeping books and paperwork. He belonged under the hood of whatever car needed him the most. Numbers were never his thing but now he had to keep up both sides of the business.
Castiel was way too excited to think of anything else. He was already spending his time researching homes instead of coordinating his family for graduation weekend. That responsibility mostly fell to Gabriel because he would actually answer his phone. Castiel couldn’t help but dream of the perfect home for his family. The family that he found himself dreaming about every night. He dreamt of a little girl who looked just like Dean with all of his stubbornness but the purity of heart, sometimes it was a little boy with bright blue eyes filled with curiosity.
Sam should have said something!! Yes, he could admit that he hadn’t bothered to call his brother lately. Lately being the last month but
“So that means you know what he did over spring break? I’m just asking because I invited him to go with me on a trip…well….and some other friends too. He turned me down, and I know he didn’t stick around for the break cause I did and he wasn’t here. I’m just trying to figure him out. I mean, you’re like his best friend whats his type?” The hopeful look in Hannahs' eyes only made Dean pity her. At first, he was going to be rude and brash telling her to back off, that the alpha was his, but he’s been where she is and he just couldn’t find it within himself to be heartless.
Cas sat back on the couch, looking at the children that he and Dean had worked so hard to get. He couldn’t think about the moments that Dean was missing. The day to day moments that would never happen again. Getting Aidan dressed for his first day of school, putting Claire in her favorite dress and pigtails for picture day, parent-teacher conferences, hell even Friday night pizza. Even though the kids were still small Cas created the tradition to give the kids some stability.
They both felt the weight of the world on their shoulders but at least they wouldn’t have to shoulder it alone.
This whole time everyone had been so focused on themselves the two most important people had been pushed to the side. Aiden and Claire had basically become the main responsibility of Sam.
“Dean?” Sam came through the door knowing his brother needed someone to talk to. The picture in front of him only reinforced that. Dean’s eyes were puffy and red, his hands constantly wringing themselves as Dean rocked back and forth clearly reliving the moment he found Cas. “Dean” This time Sam was crouched down in front of his brother forcing eye contact. He needed to pull him out of this headspace. Sam was strong but not strong enough to treat Cas and support Dean, thank goodness Jess would be here any minute.
“Alright queen they will be here around 4, is everything set up?” Gabriel was sitting next to Charlie as she was focused on her laptop typing away at some sort of code.
“Cas? There you are I went to your room looking for you, I should’ve known you’d be down here.” Sam came strolling up to the pair. “I just talked to Dean he said he’s coming to see you a little earlier than usual today so he wanted to know what you would like him to bring for dinner. I figure one unhealthy meal couldn’t hurt so no restrictions, the sky’s the limit.” Sam handed Cas his cell phone so that he could text Dean.
“He won't listen to me there's only one person he’d listen to and since you refuse to talk to him directly, he’s got a bus to catch.”
“Well, Dean I wanted to show you and Sam my gratitude for inviting me along on your trip and took it upon myself to handle our accommodations for while we are here. I have rooms for us at an inn a few minutes away. According to their representative, it’s the perfect nature retreat but it puts us 10 minutes away from Hershey, I figured this would be more comfortable for you Dean.” Castiel didn’t know how he’d managed to keep this a secret for so long. After working around Sam and convincing him that there would be plenty of lodging that reservations weren’t needed, he was sure his scent had betrayed his nervousness.
“After leaving the cafeteria Castiel stopped me in the hall and told me to get my jacket and backpack and meet him out front. He’d said he was having a personal skip day and I was coming with him.” Dean answered the question but didn’t finish his thought.  It wasn’t until about halfway home that Castiel admitted to knowing Dean was presenting and had decided to escort him home without embarrassing Dean on the first day of school.
“Dean this day has been about us. We need to… I mean I… Dean I planned a whole speech but it's evading me right now so I’ll just…Dean, I love you. I have for most of our lives. I know I’m not perfect and I’m probably not exactly the alpha I should be but I know that if you could just give me the chance I would spend the rest of our lives doing everything I possibly could to make sure that you felt loved, protected and happy.”
Charlie kept him occupied with conversation until she received a text that Dean and Sam had just pulled up in the parking lot. She cued up the signal and set the plan fully into motion
“Gabriel!!!! Gabe!! GABE!!!!” Sam called out trying not to draw too much attention to himself, he didn’t want to seem suspicious. It wasn’t unusual for alphas too young to participate to come and watch an omega run, so his presence wasn’t out of the ordinary.
There was one auto shop just outside of downtown that Dean really hoped did call. He’d gotten a chance to speak with the owner and had an interview on the spot. A real down to earth guy that just loved to work on cars. The man was in a pair of greasy overalls and elbow deep in the engine of a ford classic. He eyed Dean while they talked about his experience and availability. There were a few trick questions that were tossed out and he easily caught them all. Minor things like attributing parts to cars where they didn’t belong or mentioning the wrong fix for the problem described. Dean didn’t feel bad about making the corrections when he noticed the slight smirk on the owner's face, clearly, he’d just passed a test. Not only did he prove that he knew cars, but he also proved that he wasn’t just a ‘yes man’ and could speak up when needed.
“Cas, I know we’ve talked about everything before, and you know I really care about you, and I just want to really show you how much you really mean to me, I mean, I know you already know but…” Dean was stumbling over his words
“Hey, how are you doing I’m Dr. Loki.” A short brown haired doctor walked into Cas’ room as he was ending a phone call with Jess.
“Well, I would like to Sam, but I can’t. It just happened, she showed up and next thing I knew….” Dean wildly gestured in the air.  “Gabe we have to get her and that scent out of here completely before…”
Dean finally realized that forcing his daughter was going about as well as if Sam tried to stuff vegetables in his own mouth and gave up.
Sorry, I haven't updated in so long. This story is very personal to me and is taking me through a lot emotionally. I hope you all enjoy the new chapter. I know it was cathartic for me.
“Since you’re home, and it’s the weekend. What do you think about making some of your apple pie waffles? “
This chapter is a bit longer than what I usually write but it was necessary. I hope you enjoy it as much as I enjoyed writing it.
Sam never had these problems in his relationship, he and Jess fit together like two puzzle pieces. They never had the awkward glances that Castiel and Dean shared, no months of questioning if the feelings were mutual.
“Hey Sam. Thanks for stopping by, I can only watch so much Jenny Jones or Dr. Sexy reruns.” Cas chuckled to himself, he only watched the show because Dean loved it so much he had no choice but to develop a fondness for the medical show. The silence that hung between them, heavy with curiosity, Sam really wanted to ask about what he had heard, but maybe it wasn’t his place and that’s not what he was here for.
With Cas in his room, Dean rushed to the door to see Sam standing there, arms folded with his most intense bitchface. “You
“Charlie I know! Alright, I know! Leaving was stupid but I couldn't just…” Dean covered his face in his hands, hunched over on the couch while Charlie sat with her arms folded across her chest.
Dean was in the middle of a good dream when he was roughly woken up by Castiel. When his eyes focused he saw his mate standing in front of him looking angry with a duffle bag in his hand. “Dean my water broke”
Missouri didn’t bother to start with a phone call, she knocked on Deans door after the kids were at school. Giving him no chance of closing the door in her face she pushed right in and headed in search of the kitchen. Heavy talks required comfort foods and drinks.
The moves were starting to take their toll on the kids. Aidan was becoming even more withdrawn than his personality already required, and Claire had begun to form attachments so quickly that saying hello to her endeared you to her for life.
Dean walked over to the couch in a stupor, not only had he just been kissed by Lisa but here she was sitting on his couch, deciding to be back together with him. If this had been a month ago, well… Dean would be ecstatic, but now… he just needed her to go.
Cas' eyes begin to water and sparkle in the dim lights of the roadhouse. This was the surprise Dean had for him and he was loving every single moment.
“What….um ok well then, I guess Cas gets his room after all. I can bring him up first thing in the morning.”
“Dean will be right back from the test drive if you have any more questions I’m sure he’ll be happy to help you.” Charlie picked up all the files on her desk, making sure to tuck Lucifers in the middle, locked the computer and walked back to Deans office, she couldn’t get any work done with that creeper hovering over her every keystroke. Something about him was off, yea he was sugar high, but anyone who carried that much candy in their pockets had to be. There was just something not right about him, and she couldn’t quite put her finger on it.
“Don’t start Sammy alright, I hadn’t made a choice yet so I didn’t want to stress him out about it. I know he’s already stressed out just dealing with the kids every day, the last thing I need to do is make him think it’s going to last longer if I don’t know for sure.” Dean figured the less he knew, the better off Castiel was. As far as anyone knew, Dean was handling negotiations for contracting companies, but the reality was less negotiations and more interrogations. Contractors were actually prisoners. He was the best at what he did that’s why they sent him all over the world to work.
Dean swung his legs over the edge of his bed making room for Sam to sit down next to him and calm down a little.
“So.. a few days huh?” Castiels' first words after Cain left the room. To him it had only been a few minutes, one second he was going upstairs to the bedroom, the next he was lying in a hospital bed hooked up to a billion machines.
Aiden and Claire picked that moment to come thundering down the stairs ready to play. “Can I take my big wheel out too?” Claire was yelling while running towards the door.
School ended without much fanfare. Aiden’s class had a small party, but since everything was meant to be healthy the only thing there that even qualified as junk food was the organic tortilla chips and vegan cheese dip.
The video feed cut off leaving Dean and Castiel to stand there in shock. Dean shrugged his shoulders and began to dig into his food, no point in letting a perfectly good burger go to waste if they were stuck in there anyway.
Castiel looked up at the screen confused, he was expected more….explicit or amorous questions. He shrugged at least he got away with an easy one.
Walking in the door Castiel didn’t expect much but a strict dressing down over his outburst and to be quickly shown the door. Maybe being told that he was beyond help. Hearing that he was a danger to his children and would never be allowed near them again, however, a completely different doctor was not among the list of worst possible scenarios that were playing in his mind.
Castiel stood in stunned silence, she’d only ever barked harsh criticisms at any person working in the shop. Now she offered words of wisdom.
“I don’t know if you can hear me. I hope you can. I’m home. I’m home for good and if you’ll give me the chance. I want to earn being allowed in your life. Being a part of our kids' lives. I know I..I messed up and this…this is all on me. Please Cas, please don’t give up. Aiden and Claire need you. I need you.” Dean wiped away the tears streaming down his cheeks. “I mean uh don’t come back for me. You gotta choose this Cas, you gotta choose to live.” Dean clutched at Castiels hand and cried.
“I was asking you what you thought of the treats, the baker said they used honey instead of sugar. The mini pies are great.” Dean sat back in his chair next to the bed, with another tart in hand. “Those.” Cas pointed in Deans direction. “are actually called tartlets, but yes from what I’ve tried these are pretty good.” The rest of their night went about the same, random conversation that covered just about everything from Deans impending foray into the world of LARPing.
Dean stood and tried to readjust his clothes. “I am.” Normally, Dean would turn on the charm and make her smile, but he didn’t deserve her smile, he knew that he deserved whatever speech she had reserved for him. All that anger melted from her as she took in his remorse. “If he pulls through this, you better make it right. I don’t know the situation and I don’t want to know. But know this, I will be checking up on him. Those precious angels deserve him in their lives. He deserves happiness.”
Fate just couldn’t let things be, could it? In the ten minutes it takes to drive the kids to school, every song that reminds Castiel of the pain he constantly ignores plays one after the next. It wasn’t enough that he had to wake up harder than stone with no time to bring himself to completion, it wasn’t enough that today was the day Claire had to have a blow out so before the day could even really begin he had to wrestle her into a quick bath and strip her bed so it could all be fresh and clean for bedtime tonight. All the while coaxing Aidan out of his half-awake zombie state and getting him to dress himself.
“More?” Cas peaked up from his book, he hadn’t left his room since his mother announced he would be going on a run the day before.
Dean saw himself waking up to Cas and the kids in the kitchen, maybe a dog or a cat, definitely a house pet of some sort. He would kiss everyone bye before he went off to work. He worked somewhere that was very physical, he wanted to work with his hands. Construction, mechanic, carpentry, it didn’t matter he just didn’t want to be stuck behind a desk somewhere.
“Well I’ll make you a deal….” Dean paused realizing that although he recognized the overly serious boy standing in front of him, he had no clue what his name was. “Castiel” Castiel rolled his eyes.
“OH, MY GOD!!!! How are you going to do it?  Have you bought the ring!? Is it going to be romantic!? It better be romantic!! You better not just toss it at him and say ‘you wanna’. What’s the plan!? Can I help!? Maybe I should to call Charlie too? Are you gonna get married in a church?! No maybe a hotel!! “Jo practically word vomited questions in between shrieks and jumping.
“No one wants to hear me sing Gabe, you of all people should know that.” Castiel rolled his eyes remembering how Gabe likened his voice to gravel in the blender, nice for talking, not so great for singing.
The same promise had been made before, and yet here they were in a new state with new schools, new teachers and no support system.
“Well....I’m home because after some tough love and a smack to the head, Charlie helped me realize how shitty of a husband I’ve been lately and I really need to make it up to you and be there for you.” Dean spoke gently as he stood Cas up and wrapped his arms around his waist.
Dean pulled off the highway and tried to grab all of the bags out of the trunk but was stopped by Castiel. “You’ve done all the driving thus far at least let me carry the bags? It only seems fair” Dean shrugged and moved from the back of the car to go check in and get a couple rooms, but Sammy was already leaving the front desk.
The duffle bags were packed and being loaded into the trunk of the Impala while Castiel stood off to the side and watched the brothers argue about practically everything.
“Up the stairs you two, now” Castiel stood at the bottom of the stairs, arms folded across his chest.
Castiel blushed, this was so underhanded of his brother. Gabriel knew that staying close to Dean was the number one reason he chose his college. Dean was already locked in on getting into their school.
There was a manila envelope on his bed when he returned from his latest assignment. He assumed it would be his next assignment. Usually, he had some sort of briefing about who would be the next person to enter his chamber. Drops like this were rare, usually meant this needed to be handled quickly and they didn’t want to waste time on a long briefing and strategizing.
Understandably, Sam tried to convince him that the situation wasn’t as bad as he thought it was, but the tone in his voice betrayed him.
“So I think by now we’ve all accepted that medicine alone is not going to be enough to turn around your situation.” Cain believed it was in the best interest of everyone if he was very frank and honest about what could be on the horizon for Castiel.
A woman stepped in his way. “Are you sure this is where you want to go?” Castiel looked down at what he considered a familiar face.
Underneath this lid were two drinks, one a cold beer with a koozie and a insulated cup filled with honey hibiscus tea.
Everything the boss kept saying was grating away at his self-esteem. Words from his past, being yelled at by his father started resurfacing in his mind.
Castiel for the good of his own sake had stopped wearing pajamas and house shoes to his sessions, now he would show up in either basketball shorts and a t-shirt or sweatpants and sneakers. The t-shirt inevitably would come off as he preferred the freedom of movement and he did work up quite a sweat depending on the subject matter. Pam didn’t mind she always told him whatever it took to be comfortable is what he should do.
Dean woke up to bright sunlight in his eyes and a small blonde poking him in the face. “Daddy, daddy wake up!!” Dean rolled to his side and it was only when he hit the floor that he realized he was not in his bed but on the couch in the living room.
“You heard them, Ellen, just as much as I did, Dean doesn’t want me. He’s putting me out as soon as I’m released and taking the kids. I have nowhere to go, no family, so no reason to be here anymore. Just let me go and forget I was ever here.” Castiels speech was swallowed by sobs. Ellen wrapped her arms around the broken man.
“Will you be here for every run?” Castiel asked the question trying not to sound too hopeful. Spending the time with Dean made him feel more like a person and less like property or an object. Spending the time with Dean he was just another kid in a secret hideout.
“Okay I know that look, its the same look you had after you and Cassie broke up, and after you were so convinced Lisa was cheating so you just ended it. Whats goin on, spill” Charlie folded her arms across her chest and perched in the middle of Deans desk preventing him from escaping into his computer.
“It’s a little north of here on a farm.” Ellen went on to tell Castiel every detail she could remember about the place. It had been years since she’d worked there but it was highly unlikely that much of it had changed. “It’s a small facility, so you won't just feel like a patient connected to a number on a chart somewhere. In the past, they have incorporated many different types of therapy so I figure it might be the place for you. So….can I call?” Ellen tried not to sound too hopeful, she didn’t want him to feel pressured but at the same time she was out of options.
“Castiel tell me, do you believe that you are ready to try and have a session with Dean present?” Pam sat on her yoga mat with both legs tucked under the opposite thigh. Castiel finished his round on the punching bag. Then he met her face to face as he sat on his own mat. “I think I have learned enough that I can.” Castiel had minor flashbacks to that day, the amount of anger and resentment that he’d held inside for so much time. “I want to be able to gauge both of you, to understand not only what kind of mentality we are dealing with but what I need you to be prepared to deal with in the future.” Pam made this statement with the most kind of intentions, however, Castiel took offense. Dean may have been mistaken in his actions but Dean was still the man that he loved and the father to his children meaning that Pam did not have free reign to talk about him in any manner.
“Dean!! It smells SO good in here!! What are you making, and can I have some?” Charlie plowed into the apartment and set up her laptop and books across the coffee table not taking a moment to allow her best friend to even acknowledge her presence. “Hey Charlie, make yourself at home why don’t you.” Dean ruffled her hair before plopping down next to his best friend. “I just might Dean, be careful. Anyway that doesn’t answer my question. There are delicious smells in the kitchen. It smells suspiciously like loaded baked potato soup and…..” Charlie took an over exaggerated inhale, “ it that….would that happen to be an apple & cranberry crumble in the oven? I’m totally staying for dinner dude.” Amused by her ways Dean just smiled.  “Sorry Red, that food has already been spoken for.” Dean thought about it for a second, he didn’t even know if Cas would be coming home tonight. He felt guilty enough knowing he was the reason that Cas has fled the apartment in the first place.
“Yes Claire, Aiden don’t forget your jacket!!!” Both children were already out the back door with a few of their favorite toys and balls in hand.
“You….you named them…” Gabriel was speechless. He stared into his nephews eyes and held on just a little bit tighter. This was what he’d always wanted for his brother.
Castiel didn’t want to deal with his parents, they were snobby and always had something negative to say about him. He hoped this conversation could be short and to the point. If they decided to attempt to punish him it didn’t matter, he was graduating in a month and had secured a job at a different company than the family business.
“Do you think that it worked? Do you think he will be happy when he wakes up?” Jess sat close to the window trying to contain her emotion.
“So what we are going to do is play a game of truth or dare. We get to pick all the dares and truths and you two bitches just might get a mate out of the deal.” Charlie took over Gabriels' spot with a stack of index cards in her hand.
Dean couldn’t help but wonder how she had changed clothes so quickly. When he saw her in the parking lot she was dressed like the queen, now she looks like a classic game show host included a pair of thick black framed glasses that clearly had no lenses in them.
I’ve been gone for a while already what’s a few more months right? It’s like he just refuses to see my side, a man needs to work and provide for his family. I’m just doing it the best way I know how.”
Castiel and Gabriel talked about the new developments in their budding relationships until Dean came back home. Instead of being forced to witness the sickening adorability that was their relationship. Dean talked about his paper and complained that Gabriel used all of the peanut butter and he was having a serious craving for some peanut butter cookies.
“I was sitting in the middle of lunch when all of a sudden it got really hot, you were there. Why am I telling the story, you know what happened.” Dean was a little annoyed he didn’t really want recount the day he developed a crush on his best friend.
“NO!” Castiels reaction was all he needed to know, it was something minor. “Look Castiel I don’t have the whole story but don’t go making a mountain out of a mole hill. I’m sure whatever happened isn’t as bad as you’re making it seem and it doesn’t require you to move out either.” Gabriel glared knowing Castiel was planning on running.
Uncle Sam and daddy were around but clearly, they were just too busy. Daddy would cry at night after he thought they were sleeping. During the day he did what he could to help with the kids, but it seemed no matter what he did he just couldn’t seem to get used to the morning routine that papa had set up.
“Sam I think it would be best if we call it a night. I should get back to my room.” Castiel stood taking the wet cloth napkin with him. “Um.. yea you do that Cas I’ll um, I’ll see you in the morning if you’re feeling up to it.”
“Yo Sasquatch I’m dropping by with treats I hope you have on pants!!” Gabriel knocked on the door to Sams place holding his new creation. It was made with him in mind.
“Charlie? You don’t normally call me until later, has the argument about what movie to watch this weekend already started?” Sam half chuckled, sometimes deciding the movie turned into all-out war complete with choosing sides before Sunday dinner even happened.
“Can I make papa a picture so he doesn’t forget what we look like?” Claire tried to whisper, but her whisper was louder than her normal voice.
that they have the best pie. So you ready or should I leave you alone with the Redvines? Sam is going to meet us in there in a couple minutes” Dean nodded his head at the last remnants of what used to be a 2lb bag of licorice candy.
“Gabe you could’ve asked me years ago and I would’ve told you then.” Cas glanced over his shoulder making sure
Later that week Cas would show back up to his house with a mating bite and an engagement ring on his finger. He was only there to collect his things. They already had an apartment waiting for them right by his college campus. Cas was free to live his life the way he chose and he fully intended to do just that.
Sam showed up at the edge of the crowd ready to put his plan into action, but forgot one little…HUGE… problem. Him already having presented as an alpha, he wouldn’t be allowed anywhere near Castiel right before the race. Thinking quickly like he was so apt to do, Sam scanned the crowd for the sweet-toothed trickster that was a few grades higher than him.
“What the hell? Where is everybody? What is going on?” Dean was uneasy, to say the least. The only time this place was ever this empty was when it was closed. His inner monologue of questions was no longer on the inside the more frantic he became.
Castiel used his time at the desk in between helping other students to go over the steps left in his life plan.  Next on the list was graduate school, at the rate he was going, he was definitely going to get a scholarship. With undergrad graduation happening so soon, he should start applying for every scholarship he could qualify for.
Dean strolled into the kitchen for a glass of water, napping always made him thirsty. “Sorry ‘bout that. By the way, have you seen my phone? I gotta check in on the shop.” Dean was leaning against the counter watching Jess chop the vegetables. He couldn’t help but think of how good a mom Jess was going to make and how Sam was a lucky guy.
At this point, Castiel was standing beside him at the bar. Anxiety and nerves radiating from both of them.
Ellen stood outside the door to his room weighing her options. She wasn’t sure if she should tell Castiel everything or anything at all. Would he reject the help if he knew that it was Dean who set it up? Would he sink even deeper?
“Just have a seat and the doctor will be in to see you shortly.” She took in his overly haggard appearance and her hard shell broke a little. “You can lay down as well if you’d like.” She sauntered out the room putting the clipboard in the slot on the door.
Dean wiped his hand down his face and sighed, staring down at the numbers they might as well have been written in a foreign language.
“So everyone, we have an announcement to make” Jess stood at the table while Sam passed out gender reveal cupcakes for everyone. "Just wait a-"
“Yes hun, a week. Between you and me, I knew you’d pull through, but I didn’t tell that to that husband of yours. He needed to sweat it out for a while.”
Castiel called the realtor and the candy shop on the coast. He scheduled a few virtual tours of houses that fit his requirements and scheduled an over the phone interview for a possible job. Sam asked him to wait for the end of the school year, well that was only 3 weeks away so he better work quickly.
“So, I have to go in today but I think I’m going to take the weekend off. The shop is doing great and I need a break.” Dean kept his back to his husband, he didn’t want to see the look on Castiels face while he worked out the lie in his head.
“No, you're not going to start the farewell speech. You’ve got a long road of recovery to go yes, but you’re not so far gone that its time to plan the funeral. Look, we didn’t want to tell you but after the last time you blacked out, all of us got tested for donor compatibility.” Sams eyes locked on his hands in his lap as he went on with the story of how they all decided to keep it a secret and if any of them were a match he would have received a kidney from an ’anonymous donor’.
Castiel woke up trapped in what could only be described as a labyrinth of arms and legs. He’d forgotten about this part of having his husband home. He reveled in the warmth and embraced the wonderfully domestic moment before the madness of the weekend. Looking beside him he took in the relaxed almost child-like appearance of his husbands face.
. He made his favorite soup and even made a dessert other than pie, that should be enough of an apology right? But now, he’d gone and slept with Lisa, the girl he was running from when he agreed to move in with his best friend.
“Cas you’ve got acceptance letters from all the schools, but you got a scholarship to only two, University of Cali and Purdue.” Dean was so proud of Cas, he’d been accepted everywhere he applied. “So the question is do you like warm weather year round or do you want to experience the snow?” Dean nuzzled into his boyfriend's neck enjoying his scent of pure happiness. “Hmm, I don’t like the cold that much University of California it is. Plus I heard Sam got a scholarship to Stanford. I wouldn’t want you two to be too far apart.” Cas was almost giddy. They had made it.
Lisa cupped his face in her hands “Oh Sweetheart, I know you were only joking, besides, it’s not like I’m getting in the way of anything here.” Lisa strolled straight into the living room and laid across the couch as if she were in her own home. “What is that delicious smell? Are you cooking? You always were a good cook.” She glanced around at the cleaning supplies. “And a good housekeeper. Those are qualities that will always work in your favor.”
Castiel thought about what Sam said as the soft charcoal slid across the page, on the surface, it appeared as if he hadn’t even been aware Sam said anything. However, his mind was filtering through all the possible outcomes both good and bad. As much as he wished this could be a family session, he knew he wasn’t ready for that. There was still so much he needed to get through with Dean before the children should be in a room with the both of them. Don’t misunderstand he wanted to see the kids so bad but he also knew he was doing what was best for their development and mental stability in the long run.
“Anyway, you want to explain to me why you told me about your extension and neglected to share that info with your husband?” The bitchface was audible.
Aiden looked up at his dad and for the first time in a long time. “Dad? Can you read me the bedtime story about Horton?” Aiden hadn’t asked for that story in a year or two. It was a story he only let Dean read to him. Dean locked eyes with Sam and they both had tears in their eyes. Aiden had just shown him a level of acceptance that he hadn’t had from his son in a long time.
“Just....... tell Dean to have a good day, and not to worry about when he gets back. I will find another apartment and be out of his way before he returns. Just tell him to have a good time today.” Castiel turned and put his duffle under the bus. He glanced back at Sam one last time before he boarded, everyone gave him space as rejection emanated from the man in waves.
“Hey, I called ahead, Gabriel.” Gabe leaned in close to whisper something to the hostess causing her to smile and look up at Sam.
“Oh please Winchester. I’m a free agent. I enjoy playing the field, in fact, if you’ll excuse me, there is a beautiful lady over there that needs to learn how fiery redheads can be.” Charlie tossed back her shot and winked.
“Dude stop rambling, I already know what you’re about to ask me and just so you can rest, which I’m sure Cas has already insisted you do, its already in the works.
Cas sat back and thought about his life. Everything was coming together. Everybody would be at the party in two weeks, meaning he wouldn’t have to worry about anyone showing up at the hospital.
Cas wrote Dean a small note and stuck it on the fridge so he would find it. This was starting to become their norm. Cas would cook dinner, wait for Dean, eventually give in and eat alone and go to bed. He always left Dean a note on the fridge and a plate inside.
“Why would you make a terrible mate?” Sam looked at the loaded question. Those two out in the dining area were easily two things
Cas had a trying day working the helpdesk; it was like every freshman in the department managed to come up with the most rudimentary issues for him to solve. As irritating as they could be, Cas was grateful for his mind being kept busy. If not, he’d be forced to think over Gabriels words. Maybe even be forced into action because of them
Castiel wanted Dean for himself, but was convinced that Dean could never want someone like him in return. First none of the one night stands he’d witnessed of the
After explaining his creation to Dr. Barnes the session was over. Castiel didn’t realize until he was back in the comfort of his own room that he was actually looking forward to leaving this place. It wasn’t out of spite, it wasn’t out of self-hate, he was excited about his future.
Dean chuckled putting his sister at ease, “I was going to ask you to do it anyway, you just beat me to the punch. I’m gonna get changed, which car is mine?” Dean sauntered off towards the locker room so he could put on his blue jumpsuit and start working on cars.
“Umm..I’d rather…yea it can wait.” Dean wasn’t too crazy about waiting to talk over the prospect of his extension if they were going to fight, he wanted to get it over with, so they could reconcile before he left, he needed Cas to understand it would be for the best.
“Heavenly? Divine? The best thing you’ve ever tasted? Come on bro don’t hold out on me, you are the pb&j king.”
Castiel yelled out from the bathroom as he brushed his teeth. He didn’t wait for a sound of acknowledgment.
with your law firms name on them. More specifically your name!?” By the end of the question, Dean was screaming.
“You got me Cas, but do you want to meet up after? Maybe go out and celebrate? It’s your last peaceful moments before your family descends on the town for graduation” Castiel stood from the stool and considered Deans proposal. “Sure Dean. We can either go out and celebrate or we can drink to forget. I will see you after my presentation I need to go prepare.” Castiel bent down and kissed Dean on the forehead before getting in the shower.
“A few hours? If you come back today, I will freeze all of your accounts and put a virus on your computer. I’ll see you at Sunday dinner Winchester and not a moment before. Go home and spoil that man like he deserves.” There was a real threat behind those words, Charlie was always a tech wizard. She could do that and so much more if you got on her bad side.
“Man, how are you friends with me and Charlie and don’t recognize Lord of the Rings? Silly alpha.” Dean started to sit up only to be yanked back down into the bed.
“Well, lets go downstairs, why don’t you let me make you a peanut butter and jelly with that organic grape jelly you like from the farm to table shop in town and we can talk over lunch?” Dean was whispering and slowly shuffling his feet backwards drawing Castiel with him out of the room and towards the stairs.
The day Castiel planned was a series of stops along the way to their final destination, a small bed and breakfast just outside of town. With every stop Deans nerves slowly began to creep up. His scent was a mix of nervous, excitement and arousal. A combination that was doing many things to Castiel.
Charlie took over. “That’s not playing fair Cas, Dean answered his question. If you don’t answer then you forfeit the prize for the round. Its up to you.” Charlie raised an eyebrow challenging him. She knew she was playing him, he could never keep Dean from something that made him happy.
Well, that was the vote of the youngest, she was ambivalent. Then again she was the socialite, Claire had never met a stranger. His true concern was Aiden.
Castiel shrugged at the question. “I don’t know if you’ve noticed but he hasn’t exactly been around enough to notice. If it doesn’t involve running the shop, right now its not a top priority for him.” Cas gave his answer in a matter-of-fact sort of way, the hurt in his voice was still there. His husband had once been caring, doting and present, but ever since he took over the shop, he’d been a ghost in the house, only coming home hours after Castiel had gone to sleep, always seeming to be up and out the door before Cas could get out of the shower in the morning.
“A bee documentary….and are those honey cakes from your new favorite bakery? I feel like there is an ulterior motive here Dean…” Cas smirked back at his husband. “Nope, not at all Cas, I just made a promise to myself ever since……
“Sam it's me, Charlie.” She kept the phone pinched between her ear and shoulder as she typed up some paperwork.
Castiel hopped in his car and headed home. Meeting at home first wasn’t a bad idea, he could change out of his suit into something a little more relaxed and he could drop off his presentation materials.
Dean stared at Castiel in shock, his mouth hanging open. “Castiel what are you trying to say?” His scent hopeful but guarded.
“Alright, Castiel I can do that.” Missouri picked up the stack of envelopes and walked out of the door, tears falling down her cheeks.
“Hmm.. okay Grades.” Dean barely even showed that he acknowledged her. “I’m great there, might even pull Deans list this semester.”
Gabe was standing back amazed how the gentle giant of a man had turned so cold. He never wanted to on the receiving end of that glare and tone. Luckily Lisa had only been wearing flats so he stuffed them in her purse, and followed them out of the room.
Charlie was thinking it but never said it.  Dean continued on rambling what he felt was a justification for his request.
Hey, everybody, I'm so sorry that it's taken me so long to post a new chapter. The end of the semester has been kicking my behind. Also, I was looking for inspiration as to how I want this all to unfold.
..he couldn’t risk it. “Hmm, I don’t know Sam. From everything you and Dean have told me, some people would argue that you had the best example. Dean.” Cas went back to his bowl of yogurt and fruit letting the words sink in for Sam
“There’s nothing to talk about Sammy, we just need to finish this trip as if nothing ever happened and then when we get back I’ll go and get some stronger suppressants and blockers. Problem solved.” Dean didn’t turn to look his brother in the eye, he knew there was a bitchface of epic proportions burning a hole in the back of his head. “So let's go ride some roller coasters, eat A LOT of funnel cake and have a good day.”
"Dean, you seem uncomfortable... are you okay?" Cas could tell there was something off about Dean, part of him was afraid that tonight of all nights, Dean was going to decide that he didn't want Cas anymore.
“we both know you did great and got the job. Now we’re going to celebrate. I also have some good news to celebrate so have a seat and let me be all domestic. It’s a rare occasion so you better enjoy it while you can.” Dean pushed Castiel towards his seat.
“Umm…Yea, have been for a while now.” Dean was hesitant to reveal the newest revelation in their relationship. This girl was obviously fishing for information, and with as much as she trailed behind Castiel when he worked the helpdesk or did charity work, he could’ve already told her by now. Since Castiel clearly hadn’t told her anything, neither would Dean.
So now we have come to the end of this emotional rollercoaster. I hope you enjoyed going on this journey with me.
“Keep it up and I just might pay for your culinary training myself.” Castiels boss pats him on the shoulder as he leaves for the day.
Sam was sitting in the living room with a celebratory pie all ready for Dean to enjoy while they watched Game of Thrones. It wasn’t lost on him that his brothers' behavior was unusual, but then again there was no telling what happened in the fort over those hours.
The doctor opened up the file in his hand pulling out a candy-themed pen from his pocket. He mumbled over a few things that didn’t need Castiels input. “Whats your blood type?”
Dean laid on his side drawing swirls across his husbands round stomach. Every few minutes the entire thing would shift as the babies seemed to follow his hand.
According to the doc, these mood swings or ‘emotional rollercoaster’ that he was on was a step in the right direction for healing. The doc told him that these ups and downs meant that he had been pushed out of being comfortably complacent. His mind was no longer resigned to being miserable and was trying to sort through all of those emotions that he had repressed over time.
“….And he didn’t mention the extension I’m guessing….I’m sure he’s just trying to figure out all the details before he talks to you about it.” Sam tried to smooth over the situation, which he just realized was worse than he’d previously thought.
“Sam this place has its own restaurant and 24-hour bakery treats, so you know what that means…pie!! Oh and the water pressure in the shower…marvelous. I feel like a whole new omega.” He plopped down on the bed opposite his brother who was on his laptop staring at a map of Hershey park.
“Huh? Oh um hi?” Dean recognized the girl as being a business major like Cas, but he couldn’t remember her name, its not like they ever hang out together The only times they were even in the same room were because he had accompanied Cas to the helpdesk to burn time between his classes and avoiding classwork he didn’t want to do.
After they walked in Dean noticed things were off, first, they didn’t get their normal booth, not too unusual it had been a while since they were there on a Friday. Then Sam happened to be there, weird considering Sam hadn’t gone to the roadhouse for a meal since he’d gone full-on vegan and hadn’t had a Friday off in over a month.
Dean watched Castiel walk towards the room and shook his head the presentation wasn’t for another few hours. Castiel had been preparing for this presentation all semester there was no way that he could mess it up. They were going to be celebrating tonight at least one reason maybe two. He had some things to do between now and this evening.
“Sick? A cold doesn’t make people keep secrets and have weekend getaways, Char, you don’t have to lie for him its ok. I knew it was only a matter of time before he wised up and decided he deserved someone better than me.” Dean was so quick to degrade himself he hadn’t even really put any thought to what Charlie had told him.
Sam stayed at the threshold, he didn’t have time to stay all night, Jess needed him home. “Oh also, it's not your same pills but they work just as well but no rebound period.” Sam handed over the prescription bottle and turned to walk away. He felt a renewed hope blossom in his chest, now with Dean in the loop they could get Cas through this.
The whirlwind of doctors, nurses, and equipment that swept into the room almost crushed him against the wall. One nurse ushered him out as they started to work out what was happening.
"I hope you liked your gift, I mean I know it wasn't like your favorite song or anything, and I probably could have practiced....." Dean was rambling still somehow nervous and embarrassed standing right in front of Cas.
"Someone else will bring out your food, I've gotta get the entertainment started up. I hope you guys have a good night." She walked off to drop her apron behind the bar before she headed over to the stage and announced the start of karaoke sign-ups.
When they pulled up to Joe’s Crab Shack, Cas was shocked. This was Castiels' favorite place to eat but he rarely got to come because Dean wasn’t a big seafood fan and Sam rarely ate anything that didn’t involve kale or grains of some kind. This had to mean seriously bad news.
“Look, man, I’d be a shitty mate because I’m not any kind of good. I’m too big to be an omega, too much muscle. Not that smart, I mean I barely got into school here. I’m barely surviving. I can’t stay committed in a relationship for shit.” The whole time Castiel is sitting there purely dumbfounded that his best friend even felt this way. How could he see how amazing he was? Deans mouth was still moving, meaning he was still listing reasons he honestly believed he was a crappy omega.
If it’s a slow day he’ll start the clean up early. He’s only there for a few hours as he has to pick the kids up from school.
“So everything went as planned?” Sam asked Dean when he finally got home.  He knew the answer when all the alphas came back empty handed but he still needed to hear that there were no problems.
“Aiden? Buddy, I need you to uncurl so we can get you buckled into your car seat okay? I understand if you don’t want to talk and I’m not going to make you just yet.” As Dean sat Aiden down on his booster he experienced what a ball of rage really meant.
“Is everything all set?” Castiel asked while Gabriel helped him pull off his graduation robe in the back of the field house.
“Okay he’s an omega Sam that’s not exactly the end of the world, you’ll have to learn a little more self-control around him but that’s not a problem.” Dean wasn’t seeing the issue; omegas were people just like everybody else. Castiel would be no different this week than he had been before he presented.
Dean was sitting in the passenger seat and his anxiety levels raised with each mile closer they got to the inevitable fall out of the disaster of a trip.
Cas continued his explanation “Yes under, remember when we were children and would play in the woods? Remember Sam and his brother had built a fort under a massive tree using the roots to hold up the walls? Well add in a good dousing of scent blocker, and an alpha to throw other alphas off the trail and you’ve got the perfect hideout.” Gabe sat there with his jaw hanging to the floor, he had forgotten all about Fort Winchester, that impossible to find bunker like hole that he’d always forget to check during hide-and-seek.
The conversation had between the two adults, however, was stilted. There were long periods of silence where neither really knew what to say, it’s not like they had much to talk about. Dean would ask how he was doing and the conversation would be just like their others.  Castiels answers were always the same. He was tired, he’d not slept that well, gone to work, built some candy, picked up the kids, made dinner that he had to fight with the kids to get them to eat.
This was the fourth time that Cas had been left alone with the children while Dean chased after the impossible dream job.
“Now precious, our time is up for today but I want you to let that simmer for another 2 hours before you eat that with a little sour cream I left in the fridge. I can come back Thursday or Friday which one would you like?” Missouri pulled her card out and left it on the counter in front of him. “When you decide you call and let me know okay baby?”
Ellen pushed between the brothers to get into the room. “Excuse me dumb and dumber, but my patient needs me.” Only then did they look in to see not only was Castiel sitting up but he was crying. He’d heard everything.
By the time they returned for the night Aiden had numbed his brain with all of the animal facts that he learned while walking around. Claire was passed out in her seat.
When the agreement was made there were 2 months before the next event, he blinked and now its 2 weeks away. “Do I really have to do this?” Dean whined while trying securing the belt around his waist. “Deals a deal boss man, besides, I think you look kind of good this way. We should take a pic and send it to Cas. Ooh, I know!! We can print it as big as a poster for him.” Charlie pushed Dean in front of the full-length mirror in hopes of ending his pouting. “You’re right, I do look good. But then again I look good in anything.” Dean straightened up and pushed out his chest. “Geeze, I don’t think we have enough room in here for that ego.”
She knocked on the door and poked her head in. “Cas they have a spot for you, sweetie, we’re going to go and take a look around in the morning.”
“Did you want to see your kids? Did you want your kids to see you that way?” Pam peppered in questions to help the wheels keep turning in his mind.
“Great, I’ve got chili in the crockpot, its gonna be awesome” Dean slung his backpack over his shoulder and headed for the door.
As the session progressed, Dean slumped lower and lower in his chair. He fought the tears for about the first five minutes then they fell against his will. He didn’t make a sound but was obviously shattered by everything he heard. Not only the words but the visual. His husband, the man he was supposed to love, cherish, and protect was ranting and raving like a mad man. Dean had pushed him to that. Dean had pushed the once lighthearted, candy- making angel too far and he had broken the beautiful person he had once been.
Castiels thoughts continued to spiral. The only unifying thought—he was beyond saving—and everyone knew it.
Dr. Loki walked up to a machine next to him and asked if he had a preferred scent or flavor that he wanted to drift off to. “Well, I highly doubt you have it but if you have honey… I’d greatly enjoy it.”
“I have to admit I came here for more than just checking up on you Castiel. I..um...Dean asked me..” Sam hesitated because he was not used to lying for his brother anymore meaning Castiel could instantly see through him like a screen door. Castiel arched his eyebrow like a disapproving parent and Sam crumbled like tissue paper in the rain. “Look, I’m here because Dean is seeing someone….a professional. And she wants to have him bring the kids to a session, but to do that we need your permission since...yeah.” Sam looked anywhere but at Castiels face. It's not that he was embarrassed by the request but he wanted to let him go through the emotions of realizing that not only had Dean actually spoken to a therapist but that clearly some progress was being made.
“Do you think that someone like you could want me?” The question hung heavy in the air between them.
Gabriel kept walking as Cas stopped in shock. He’d never taken Gabe for the sentimental type. He knew Gabriel loved him and was protective, but this was new. He was the only family Castiel still kept in contact with so as long as he would be there Castiel wouldn’t turn him away.
“Cas, if only I could’ve helped you, I could’ve saved you from so much pain. If I were your match, I could’ve saved you months ago.” Dean whispered running his fingers through Castiels raven hair.
Sam stuffed Lisa into her car and waited for Gabe to come out with her purse. A few minutes later Gabe rounded the building strolling into the parking lot looking rather proud of himself. Sam grabbed the purse from him and threw it onto the passenger seat.
“PIZZA!!!” Both munchkins yelled at the top of their lungs, no doubt it was a tie between bacon and pizza for their favorite foods as of late. As soon as they got home and Castiel unbuckled to wild pair, they barreled into the front door racing towards the personal computers Dean had gifted them with after his last trip.
Charlie, you better delete that video from every hard drive you own, and Gabe if I even think you are trying to get your brother drunk again secretly….you can kiss any chance of ‘us’ goodbye.” Sam gestured between the two of them with such fury, Gabes' hair shifted from the breeze.
She didn’t bother to slow down when she reached the spread-out beach towel; she jumped in his lap to make sure he got an up-close look.
They had reservations at a steakhouse Dean had been wanting to try ever since he’d seen it on FoodNetwork months ago.
“They make beef jerky in different flavors than beef?” Castiel tilted his head in confusion trying to understand what the combination might possibly taste like.
Dean and Castiel sat in a heavy silence. Castiel looking over at his friend while Dean suddenly found the grain pattern on the bar deeply intriguing. Castiel couldn’t tell if Dean wouldn’t look up because he wanted to spare Castiel the embarrassment or if he’d finally realized that Castiel was lost on him, either way, the look on his face and the scent radiating from Dean was Castiels fault in some way.
That’s how they now have the café quality espresso maker, a subzero freezer, top of the line Bose headphones, and a brand new MacBook. Dean always looked so proud when he would show up with the items.
“Dude I saw you a few days ago, so we both know that excuse is crap. Plus you’re all fidgety meaning there’s something that you want to talk about you just don’t want to be the one to start it. So, I’m gonna say some keywords and we’ll go from there.” Charlie watched Dean do everything to avoid eye contact. Whatever it was, he was most likely freaking out over nothing.
Lost in his own thoughts Dean fell asleep on the couch. The fact that he had curled around the pillow that was doused in Castiels scent, well that was nobody’s business.
“Yea that sounds like the moose.” Dean finally joined the conversation even if only to comment on Sams obsession with research.
The next thing Cas knew he was sitting on the beach watching Dean splash in the waves with Claire and castle with Aiden. Every few minutes, one of the children would run back up to where he was resting with his book under an oversized umbrella.
“Wow, no pressure babe. Do you want me to come for support?” If his presence there would make Castiel feel more relaxed and stable Dean would be there front and center. If going to the presentation meant he had to miss one of his classes as well then….Cas didn’t need to worry about that.
“Camping again? Can we sleep inside?” Aiden was less than pleased with the idea of sleeping outside after a long car ride.
That night when Dean put both children to bed after baths. He shed a tear. Aiden was ready to let him be Dad again, he was not going to mess this up.
Castiel ran himself a hot bath, made a cup of his favorite tea and dumped in the contents of a pouch he’d been keeping in his nightstand. All he had to do was fall asleep and it would be over.
Aiden hopped out of his chair and put on his jacket, helped Claire into hers and shuffled her towards the door. Sam took in the scene in front of him and just shook his head. Dean was standing in the kitchen looking lost, Aiden was angry and Claire was just excited for school. Hopefully, she was too small to be affected by this mess of a situation.
He hadn’t even thought about the fact that spring break was coming up. Its only been twice but it's been a tradition for them to spend it together. They would throw a dart at a map and have a road trip in that general direction. Whatever Sam is planning is putting an end to those plans. With a good number of people at the shop also being students, Deans got a good shot at picking up some extra hours. Less time at home is less of a chance he’ll have to face Lisa again. He never could really tell her no.
Dean moved from the kitchen to the bedroom, hoping that the space between them would keep him from waking Cas up when he started yelling at Sam.
Charlie left later that day with a container of soup before Cas came home. As soon as she sat down into her car she made a phone call.
Dean gave Castiel one last kiss on his cheek and hustled out of the room. He knew if he left it for too long those two would try to start on their own making the mess he’d already signed up for exponentially worse.
“Understand this Dean Michael Winchester, if you take this extension. Our marriage is over. I’m taking the kids and leaving. I will not put them through the same waiting game that I have endured for far too long. You think long and hard on that while you wait for your flight at the airport. GET OUT!!!”
“As far as you’re concerned I’m Willy Wonka.” The man stuck his hand out to Dean. “I’m having a problem with my classic car and word in town is you are the best with classics.” The brown-haired man popped a cherry red sucker in his mouth that seemed to come out of nowhere. Charlie was already back in her seat behind the desk trying not to laugh at Deans reaction to the man.
Castiel made himself a bowl and went back to his room. Dean hadn’t protested being handed the parental reigns and Castiel was not going to hesitate to take a moment for himself. He spent a gloriously long time letting the heat from the water melt his strained muscles. The chili warmed him from within. Castiel almost fell asleep but he was disturbed by high pitched screams. Dean must be trying to wash her hair, it never went well.
“Oh my god, oh my god, oh my god!!!!” Charlie was practically vibrating at her desk; she had spent the entire night finding every stitch of information she could find. If she was right she had just found a living blood relative of Castiels. If they were lucky he would maybe even be willing to be tested for the transplant, if not she could at least give Cas back this little piece of his past.
“Hey, babe you wanna go to our favorite spot and get you those maple bacon donuts that you love so much?” Dean was crouched next to the chair, skin glistening in the sun. His freckles stood out in his perfect golden tan.
Dean walked back into his room and dug out the map almost as big as the wall itself and began to stick it to the wall, thank goodness for Cas teaching him about sticky tack and command strips. Or his walls would look like swiss cheese thanks to his numerous posters.
“Dude, what gives I thought this place was supposed to have a water park and roller coasters and stuff?” Dean was looking around an much of the classic style of the buildings and was slightly disappointed.
“Hello Castiel, I didn’t know you were working the help desk today.” Hannah strolled up and leaned over the desk tracing her finger over the pen he held in his hand.
“Cas!! There you are, I tried to catch you after your meeting. I got a closer parking spot this time, and Gabriel is going to meet us there.” Since they all became friends one way or another, they had been meeting up at the bakery where Gabriel worked to blow off steam and decompress. Today was Charlie’s turn to drive.
“You know what bro, you just worry about the speech you’re going to give to that emerald-eyed omega of your dreams, leave the rest up to me alright?” Castiel narrowed his eyes at Gabriel and tilted his head, he had no clue what his brother was planning but whatever it was, this was clearly not the beginning of it.
Castiel tried to contain his emotions but the tears started streaming down his cheeks anyway. Neither brother noticed. Cas used the buttons on the side of his bed to sit up and called the nurse.
me, you’re lucky I don’t string you up by your toes Gabriel.” Castiel strode into the coffee house and sat down in front of the hot coffee waiting for him.
Dean walked into his apartment he still shared with Sam---- “Four years, Sam!! Four years and these idiots still can’t get their heads out of their asses and just get married.”
It wasn’t until the next day that Castiel let his friends visit, opting to spend his first day conscious being coddled by his husband. Dean needed to feel useful and they needed that time alone.
The confusion was obvious on his face. “You mean I'm not being locked up in some padded room in the basement?”
He managed to peel himself off the couch and trudge up the stairs to his bed. When he finally got on some pjs and slid into the bed Dean noticed that Cas had fallen asleep with a book on his chest yet again. He picked it up to move it to the nightstand when a small pamphlet slipped out the back. Dean glanced at it assuming it was just a makeshift bookmark.
“All right!!! Let’s play Truth or Truth!!!” Gabriel had gotten into full character wearing a bright orange blazer
“I figured after that display of drunken debauchery last night, I should grace my handmaiden with his queens presence. Honestly I’m amazed you’re up and functional right now. I figured for sure I’d be nursing a puking man back to health, now the fact that theres food, well.. that’s just a bonus.” Charlie smirked and went back to her school work, her latest programming project was due soon, and well she couldn’t just stop at good, it had to be amazing.
"Alright, I can tell this really means something to you. Okay, why don't you recreate a favorite memory of his from this year? Maybe take him back to where you had your first date?" Sam glanced over his book while highlighting a few lines.
“Back with us? Good, get up I have a hard workout planned for you today.” Pam turned and walked out of the room not waiting for any kind of verbal acknowledgment. She walked away confidently, Castiel absent-mindedly wondered, how did she know that would work? No warnings, no gentle shoulder shakes. Whatever he needed dry clothes and apparently todays session was going to be gruesome.
Dean laid in his bed wide awake next to the girl that was his ‘flavor of the week’. This was a misnomer as lately, all the girls seemed to look the same, brunettes with blue eyes and a slim, sporty build. He was making his way through the volleyball and softball player at an alarming rate. Dean knew that they were only cheap imitations of the one person that he truly wanted but he never would truly let himself admit it.
What Castiel hadn’t expected was to walk into a spotlessly clean house with dinner already been prepared.
“No, there will be no ice cream. You two need to get back to bed as it is a school night.” Castiel could admit his tone was probably a little harsher than it needed to be but he didn’t have the patience to leave room for arguments.
“What moving company Sam? I didn’t send a moving company. Sam, I didn’t sign the new contract. I’ve been getting the shit jobs because Ra- my boss doesn’t want me to leave.” Dean couldn’t help but think that man had something to do with this. Of course, he’d assumed correctly the reason Dean wouldn’t sign was because of the spouse he had waiting for him.
Being buzzed or close to drunk by the time he fell asleep meant the dreams weren’t as horrible. He didn’t relive the worse moments of his previous career. Those faces didn’t surround him and scream how he was lying to any and every new person that he met. Those faces that followed him like shadows. He hadn’t fully told Missouri everything he’d done, but she was wise. Early on in their sessions, it became very obvious that lying to her was impossible and she seemed to know things that she couldn’t possibly already know.
“Honey!! It's Dean!! Pay up!! I told you they would get together.” Castiels mother had a small muffled discussion with his father.
“You see me all the time Jess, in fact, I saw you two days ago when you came by the shop for an oil change.” Dean walked through the living room trying to get peek in the kitchen.
Dean was unusually gentlemen like as he ushered Castiel to the swing on their back porch with one hand in the small of his back.
“So the plan my gargantuan friend, is to start them with questions of childhood, how they became friends, favorite colors and things like that. Once they let their guard down we hit them with the trojan horse question.” Gabriel slid a card towards Sam
Castel kissed Dean on the cheek and headed for the room. He changed quickly in the hopes he could help Dean in the kitchen.
“I know this is not what we discussed Castiel but it was what I felt was needed to be done in the best interest of my patient. As well as I wasn’t going to spend the rest of my life looking over my shoulder knowing Dean Winchester is coming after me.”
“Whatever he took, has him deep. We don’t know if or when he’ll wake up. It's up to him. But I can tell you this. He’s a fighter. Gave us all a scare when he started fighting his breathing tube earlier.”
After the car was done they moved on to the next stop along their journey. A personal tour at a brewery. Dean was all about his beer and whiskey. Castiel at first wasn’t sure about this stop but watching Deans eyes light up at the sight of the gallons of beer lined up he knew he’d made the right choice.
Gabriel was tense but he was curious, who exactly was in Deans room and why did they have to hide it from Cas? Now was not the time for his questions, but later tonight he would demand some answers from Sam.
“Umm…I didn’t plan to, I was just here to make sure you could find the place and make it in one piece. I’ll make sure there are snacks and a fresh coat of scent blocker right before every run. Or I can put other things in there like a sketch pad or…..” Dean was rambling, what was it that after 5 hours Castiel had him rambling.
Becky not so subtly cleared her throat. “Boys should I be led to believe that there are congratulations in order this morning?” Becky picked up her mimosa glass for a toast.
Cas looked up from the book he was reading over the new flowers in the hospital garden. Maybe he could….no he wasn’t going to think about the future, just enjoy the present.
When he turned back towards the library the world seemed to spin. It was the first time he’d gotten dizzy lately, but it was far from needing special attention, he’ll just keep it in mind.
Castiel should have known, Gabriel couldn’t be serious for more than five minutes at a time, and he could never resist making a scene especially if embarrassing someone was the result.
Dean had Castiels ring in his hands during his speech looking down at it, he realized there were a few tears escaping during his speech. He quickly wiped them away and attached the ring to the chain around his neck.
“Yea Okay, Just answer one thing for me?” Castiel tightened his grip on his cup. These next words took courage, they were his darkest fears.
“Hey Gabe, you mind if I come over tonight?” Cas called up his brother who undoubtedly was up to something. He always did his best baking late in the evening into the middle of the night.
“Dean, how can you eat at a time like this? We need to figure out a way out of here.”  Castiel was practically vibrating with nervous energy. Their friends were about to make a fool of him. There was no way that Dean could ever want someone like him and even if there was a sliver of hope, he’d destroyed that over spring break.
A few minutes later both kids came down the stairs, mostly dressed. Claire was still having issues with which shoe went on each foot.
“Then, ok! I’m gonna go find the best spot to put the tent.” Aiden bolted out the back door closely followed by his sister who was screaming like a banshee.
It was in this heavy moment that his nurse barged into the room, noticing the change in his vitals she had to check on him.
“You’re insinuating that I am romantically interested in someone. You and I both know that I am fully committed to my work and don’t have time for such things.” Castiel repeated the line that he’d been taught by his family. School first, relationships can happen later. “Cas the only reason you’re not looking is that the omega of your dreams already lives with you in domestic bliss.” Charlie gave him a pointed look, leaving no room for misunderstanding precisely who she was talking about.
“I know that’s what you think bro but have you seen the way he looks at you? I think Dean-o might feel the same.” Gabriel had witnessed it too many times to count how no matter who was around or how many people surrounded him, Dean always tracked Castiels movements, making sure that he always had what he needed. The look of longing when Castiel would smile, the look of jealousy when another person would make Cas smile or laugh. There was something there.
“You don’t even remember her name do you Dean? Dud I don’t know why you go through all of this, just tell that blue-eyed hunk of man meat he’s yours already.” Charlie watched the blush on his ears, she knew Dean was pining away for his best friend, but too many comments from that man that claimed to be his father, thankfully he was long gone, but the damage was done.
to be Castiels best friend. For you of all people to go and break his trust and do something like that….I’m pissed….no you know what I’m disappointed.” Charlie slunk down in her seat. The truth was painful to hear coming from a 6 ft angry moose.
He was brought out of his mini pity party by a knock at the door; he ran to open it, so Lisa didn’t wake up, that was a can of worms he wasn’t quite ready to handle.
“Gabriel… yes I know you’re sorry that’s why I’ve decided that you are going to help me figure out a way to apologize to Dean. I yelled at him this morning and I need to make amends. Meet me at the coffee house on 4
“Humor, that’s a good sign. No, we are not going to banish you to a dark dungeon cell. I believe you are capable of going home and making smart decisions to help yourself heal. One moment of weakness doesn’t define who you are. Its what you do afterward that really counts.”
“Yea, you can call.” Castiel shrugged his shoulder and reclaimed his position in a ball under a mound of blankets, that was all the energy for interaction he had for the day. It didn’t matter if she had more to say, he was done. He’d given her permission to sign him up to be a part of the
Sams words echoed through his brain. He’d called Sam just to vent out his stress and he ended up word vomiting the whole situation.
“You threatened to burn his record collection? That’s pure evil bro. Anyway, you forget I work at a bakery and that mans core weakness is pie. If you can wait a whole day there will be his top 5 favorite pies delivered fresh baked and still with an apology note,
The next stop they made was at Deans favorite auto shop near the park. Cas had made an appointment to get baby detailed inside and out. Can’t pamper Dean without taking his precious Impala into consideration. They walked hand in hand in the park. Castiel stopped at the local vendor and got them both cotton candy to enjoy.
Cain smiled and Cas slightly chuckled at that thought. Dean had the biggest heart of anyone he’d ever known but when his husband was angry, it was almost like the wrath of God.
He knew she was right. He hadn’t slept nor had he eaten since breakfast the day before. Numbly he let Jess pull him out of the car and lead him into the house. Dean was physically present but his mind was working in overdrive with two thoughts,
Dean noticed that Sunday dinner was the same yet somewhat not. There wasn’t as much laughter and nowhere near the jokes that had been before. Cas was unusually quiet and he looked exhausted, maybe Cas had a bad night or something was going on with his latest creation, or wildflower garden and hives he kept in the backyard. He always did get stressed out over his honey production and his flowers. The bees were supposed to be his stress relief and busy work to occupy his mind when writing wasn't flowing. Couldn’t be that bad if he hadn’t mentioned it, Dean thought.
to do with why Sam had been on his case lately. If there was something up, Cas would tell him. His subconscious, however, had a different stance. His dreams were filled with scenarios and situations that had him making a heroic run through a hospital while Cas lay dying in desperate need of a rare item Dean had gone across the world to find. The next dream had Dean watching Cas slowly fade like an old picture and no one else seemed to remember him but Dean. Easy to say Dean woke up less than rested, he rolled over hoping for some cuddle time as he had already told Charlie he was coming in late today.
“mmm….coffee…” Castiel hadn’t really even opened his eyes when he sat down next to Dean with a mug clutched in his hands.
Dean stood up a little straighter, set his shoulders and walked into the other room. “Alright now, let's try this from the beginning…..”
Castiel hung up the phone and dropped it into the passenger seat. After a few steeling breaths he plastered a smile on his face and picked up the children. They didn’t ask for this and he will not allow his own sadness to impede on their lives. Well, as much as he can control it.
Becky and Chuck couldn’t have been happier. Their son had graduated, gotten his dream job and if plans went right, he was now mated to the same green-eyed omega that they used to watch him drool over for years. Gabriel was clearly falling in love with Sam. Although he’s not the type of alpha they would have picked for Gabriel, he so quiet. They can see why those two work well together. Sam was the quiet to Gabriels crazy. He anchored him and Gabriel brought excitement into Sams world. All work and no play was no good for anyone. That was something the Novaks knew too well.
“Come on Cassie it’ll help you get over that stupid Chem test you’ve been stressing out about.” Gabriel bumped his shoulder with a smirk.
“Come on guys lets get you to school, papa needs to get to work.” Cas shuffled the kids out the door.
She was such a beautiful girl. The tears welled up in his eyes as he thought about how he wouldn’t be there to see her off to her first day of school, he wouldn’t be there to see her off to her first school dance, maybe talk to her about her latest crush, to see her walk across the stage for her high school graduation.
Not one to stick around in case they were heard, Dean searched the body for anything useful making sure to take the contract with him and proceeded to slip out of the house. He was done, he was going home and it didn’t matter if God himself tried to stop him.
Just as Gabriel finished his small speech a waiter appeared next to the table holding Sams favorite appetizer, edamame dumplings, and a small flight of his favorite drinks. It didn’t matter what happened for the rest of the night the speechless look on his face was all Gabriel ever wanted to see.
“Invite somebody else? You trying to bring a girl along Sammy?” Dean smirked as he watched his brother dig out a rubber tipped dart from the box and a marker from his bag. “Not a girl necessarily, I mean like just our friends that don’t have anything else to do. The more, the merrier right?” Sam still hadn’t made eye contact with his brother. Fidgeting as his mind worked to find a way to suggest bringing Cas along.
He couldn’t help but be sad at the amount of consideration his roommate had given him, clearly, he knew not to be home. Dean only hoped that he hadn’t hurt his chances of being with the one person he felt he could fully give in to.
West coast it is. Aidan likes the beach, he’ll only be made for a few days as long as we visit the beach soon after the move.
“Umm… I always hate having my blood drawn…who in their right mind chooses their hands?? Whatever let’s go with left arm since its closest to you. I just want to get this over with and go home, I’ve got some things I need to get done today.”
Castiel sat on the couch across from an older man who looked at him expectantly. How could they expect him to just pour out his soul to so random stranger? He had barely been able to say anything to his husband. He hadn’t said a word to Sam and now they expect him to just….
“Cas, I made coffee already, there’s a mug next to the pot.” Dean looked up over his laptop. Castiel was about to make a new pot, he must really be out of it to not smell the coffee aroma.
“Come on man just tell the story, its not like it’s a hard one anyway.” Dean bumped shoulders with him for encouragement.
Dean couldn’t help but chuckle, ask them if they remembered to wash their hands right after they leave the bathroom and they can’t remember, ask them to locate a sucker they haven’t laid eyes on in weeks, they pinpoint it with deadly accuracy.
“ok, now we seem to have a big blank for family history.” Dr. Loki looked up at Cas with arched eyebrows. “Yes, I don’t know anything about my medical history because I was adopted at a young age.” Cas rarely ever admitted this fact as he considered his adoptive family, the Novaks, to be his only family. “And what, if anything, do you know about your birth family?” At this point, the doctor put down his pen and the file, clearly more interested in the answer than notation.
“Sure kiddo, what's up? You usually only willingly hang out with me when something is bothering you.” Gabe was obviously in the middle of mixing something, his Kitchenaid mixer could be heard in the background. “Well Dean’s gone on another date and I really don’t want to be here when they come crashing in in the middle of the night fondling each other, not to mention the morning after is always awkward since I wake up earlier than he does.” Castiel walked back to his room and started to pack an overnight bag in the duffle he kept in his closet.
“Oh, you poor baby.” Missouri stroked his cheek “I’m here to help you get back on the right path sweetheart. It won't be easy and it won't go quickly but if you want to win that mans heart back then we need to get started.” Missouri went back to dicing onions and dumping them in the pot she’d already had going on the stove.
“How….” Cas looked down at the bandages wrapped around his torso, he felt sore on both sides. “What happened? I wasn’t supposed to…” Cain knew exactly what he was trying to say.
Castiel decided one night he needed to be proactive about his own possible future. Researching places that they have previously lived, instantly deciding they weren’t moving back to the Midwest, both the children seemed to be happiest when they lived on the coast. Either side of the country had the promise of decent employment and friends they’d previously left behind so he wouldn’t be without some sort of support system.
“You’re right babe, here I am freaking out when I should be calming you down. I can tell you’re as freaked out about this as I am.” Dean stopped pacing and knelt down in front of Cas, brushing his hands up and down Cas thighs.
Still, no one in the living room moved, all seeming to have a telepathic conversation. Dean’s eyes bounced between the kitchen and his bedroom door, there was no way he was getting out of this without a miracle.
“Dean I need to get to sleep and you’re right you definitely need a shower.” Castiel walked off to the bedroom leaving his husband standing there confused as to how he’d been left to handle the situation in his pants all alone.
Back in the back room where Sam, Charlie and Gabriel were actually sitting, Charlie was watching the surveillance cameras and she could see that Dean had shrugged it off and went on to eat his food while Castiel looked like a frightened chihuahua.
"Come on Sammy the best I can come up with is eating some bacon cheeseburgers sitting on Baby's hood while looking at the stars." Dean knew after the year that he just put Castiel through, their first anniversary had to made into something special, but knowing he wasn't exactly the most romantic, he went to Sam for a better idea he had.
Dean was standing over a pot on the stove stirring what could only be chili. One of the things Dean could make that Cas had yet to be able to duplicate.
Dean gestured over his shoulder pointing at the Hershey kiss shaped street lights in growing smaller behind them.
“Kids!! Wake up we gotta get you to school!!! We’re late!!” Castiel was so frantic he hadn’t noticed that he’d run past them sitting at the dining room table eating breakfast with Dean.
“Dean Winchester, you bring your butt in here and keep me company while I make you some chili.” She brought everything she would need to make what had been dubbed some of the best chili ever. She’d won a few ribbons in a couple of local competitions and was quite proud of it.
The smell of Deans amazing steaks wafted into his nose along with garlic potatoes. Castiel put his briefcase down by the door and went straight for the kitchen only to find Dean with headphones on dancing around. Clearly thinking he had a little more time.
“They said indefinitely as long as I keep paying. I just need to figure out a way to get Cas to listen to me for two seconds. I just want him to try. He doesn’t need to do it for me, we both know I don’t deserve that and he deserves so much better than me. I just want to give him a chance to get better so that he can go out there and find whoever it is he’s really meant to be with.” Dean gulped down the last bit of whiskey in his glass and pushed away from the table.
“Wait, Sam, you said a moving company, where are they moving to?” Dean hadn’t tried to call home since he’d left on such frayed terms. He figured they could take his last two months to cool down, he’d come home and it would all work itself out.
“I need you to make Deans favorites.” The plan was formulating in Castiels mind and there was no way Dean could say no. It would be sweet but not overly so. His proposal would fit Dean.
“So I’m going to take a stab in the dark and say its no longer needed for me to disappear over spring break?” Both in the guilty party nodded. “Good, now I’m going to pack for my road trip, and you two are going to apologize, and I mean NOW!”
Yes by the time the discussion was had he’d made it seem like it was a mutual decision not to rush into anything. His inner omega screamed at him. This was the same grumpy cat alpha he’d been pining after for years. If this is what he wanted, then Dean could give it to him.
For the first time on this whole trip, Dean doused himself in blockers. He wasn’t sure if it was to avoid Castiel and anyone else scenting his embarrassment or if it was to keep them from smelling his attraction to his longtime best friend. The friend who was footing the bill for this amazing place they were staying, the friend with whom he shared an apartment
Sneaking to the study, Dean crept in the door letting the sunflowers lead the way. Cas nearly jumped out of his seat when a bouquet of sunflowers suddenly crowded his view. “What in the world…” Cas turned around to grab the flowers out of Deans hands. “Dean, what are you doing home? I figured you’d be at the shop until late.” Cas was happy to see Dean home so early but confused at the same time.
Omega run number seven, now Cas was in his last year of high school, had managed a scholarship and would soon be 18. All he had to do is survive one more run then he would be able to have a choice; he’d be able to say no to any more runs forced on him by his parents. He could actually choose his mate.
“Umm yea Cas, I um… I made it for dinner.” Dean couldn’t help but feel a little giddy when he saw the sparkle in the alpha's eyes. Dean then walked over to the stove to draw Castiels eyes to the crumble placed there and turning his back to his bedroom door.
After a long day at work, Castiel picked up the kids taking them home for their daily routine. “Did you really mean it, Papa?” Aiden looked up thoughtfully from his spaghetti still twisting his fork in the noodles. “Are we moving again or were you just asking?”
“So, are you going to tell me where we are going or am I supposed to just guess?” Dean climbed in the driver seat and started up the car. “Actually, Dean the address is already plugged into the GPS on your phone. So just follow that.” Castiel was excited and nervous. If his plan went right then he would be mated to the omega of his dreams tonight. If not, then Cas would take rejection politely and move on with his life.
“Crap, fever and shakes are not good babe.” Dean jumped up from the bed to snatch his phone off the dresser. These were two symptoms Cain told him to look out for. How long had Cas been like this while he was gone? Maybe he shouldn’t have stopped at the diner for a quick burger and talk with friends.
Cas, however, was being questioned by Naomi daily, she couldn’t believe he hadn’t been claimed in that first run or the other 5 she had arranged within the next few years. As they kept happening they became less and less about what alpha was most compatible and became about who thought they were alpha enough to catch the elusive omega. Cas had built a name for himself. The Omega that could vanish into thin air.
“Your final question is: Why would you make a terrible mate?” Charlie cut the feed to their tv so that as far as the boys knew they were left alone.
The relationship he shared with his children was improving. Between using the advice he’d been given by Missouri, and the words of his brother Sam, Dean started building bridges and lifetime memories. He finally started to understand what Cas meant when he said the children don’t care about how much money is spent, they care about the time. Claire didn’t care how much he spent on the supplies, she just enjoyed drawing on the path with chalk. Although hesitant, Aiden was receptive to helping make breakfast for dinner. (He was in charge of making the toast).
“yea whatever jerk. Okay so if we leave in the next hour we can do the behind the scenes chocolate tour today, what do you think?” Sam looked up at Dean only to notice his brother was lost in his own thoughts. It didn’t take a genius to figure out exactly what had him being so reflective these days. He hoped inviting Castiel along on their spring break trip would give those two the push they finally needed.
They weren’t alone on the beach; there were other people, other families spending time together and making memories that would last a lifetime.
A noise behind him caught his attention. Castiel turned to see a moment of his life playing like a movie trailer.
Dean looked over at Castiel giving him a grin. Even at his age, he’d mastered the perfect smirk. The boys continued to pass time this way slowly getting to know each other until the five hours were up. Castiel was about to get up and leave but Dean told him to wait for the all clear, a few minutes later a text came from Sam that all the alphas had returned and Cas could come out safely.
. He wasn’t sure what to really expect, Dean and his bags gone? Some over the top gift as an apology? It wouldn’t be the first time for either but Castiel was at the end of his rope, and it would definitely be the last time.
Sam walked out of the room knowing two things, Cas was going to be just fine and he was clearly about to have a baby, he just needed to stop being in denial and get to the fun part.
The drive back home was long, silent and tense. Dean was so wrapped up in his own thoughts he hadn’t even bothered to play some music or at least turn on the radio to break up the heavy atmosphere. Sam had given up talking after he realized Dean wasn’t going to answer him no matter the subject he tried to breach.
Cas looked up and only then did he realize that he had curled up into the fetal position on the floor and was rocking back and forth.
Dean and Cas had been through hell and back, their marriage tested, and now they were embarking on a whole new adventure and starting a family. Life for the Winchesters could only get better.
Cas don’t you dare think that there is anything past or present that I would put in front of you.” Dean ripped the letter to pieces letting it fall to the floor.
Cas eyes darted around the room, the only sound to break the silence was the sound of his own breathing. He wished Dean could be here with him, but he knew the amount of pressure Dean was under. There was no way that he could add to his problems. After all, the results could come back negative and then he would have added more stress to him for nothing. No it would be better for everyone if no one knew until he was certain that there was something to worry about.
“I’m very well aware how much time is left in the semester and I’m well aware what the end of the semester means. I don’t need you to remind me.” Castiel couldn’t help his bitter tone. He’d wanted to confess his feelings for years, but Dean never showed interest in men or in him.
“Dean you hush now its been a long time since I got to hold a baby.” Missouri waved a hand at Dean as she wrapped her arms around the tiny girl and helped Claire settle in her lap.
Right after this run, Cas passed off his college applications to Sam to be mailed out. Dean having already graduated was working full time at Bobby's auto shop saving up money. He needed to save every possible penny if he was going to support Cas in the near future. Once the college replies started coming in, all mailed to Dean and Sams house, of course, Dean started pricing apartments and searching for jobs.
“Your precious? Ha, you sound like Smeagol.” Dean laughed. He looked over his shoulder, Castiel was half awake and no two strands of his hair were in agreement.
“I can’t believe he would just do something like this!! I knew he was stubborn but I didn’t think he would go and do anything like this!! I just want him to come back to me” Dean didn’t even bother keeping up his tough façade. Tears streamed down his face while they sat in the hospital room, Cas’ letter clutched in his hand.
After the first few lines, Dean realized all of their closest friends were a part of the crowd. ** Well now is as good a time as any. Definitely better than I would’ve thought up**.  Dean just went with it, relaxed into it and really started singing from the heart.
For a long time Gabriel didn’t see anybody, maybe he was staying too far away from the action, he started to inch closer when he could hear someone running and breaking tree branches in their path.
“Cas? Cas? I know how this looks, man. I’m not gonna lie it looks really bad. I mean….really…really bad, but we both know how much Dean loves you and how much he loves your kids. I can’t believe that he would do something like this to you. Let me at least talk to him before you do something drastic.” Sam was pleading with Castiel. Knowing that Castiel had already priced houses, researched school districts and even had a few calls out for positions at a few different specialty candy shops. Sam was scared that this one call was going to rip apart the family that he knew Dean so desperately needed to stay sane.
Dean heard the creak of his bedroom door and when he looked up to see his moose of a brother with his hands over Lisa’s mouth as Gabe shoved her towards the door. His chest tightened.
Cain finally looked down and chuckled. “Yes we are friends from college, I was a guest speaker for a seminar concerning genetic anomalies and hereditary diseases. Sam was a very ambitious student and wouldn’t let me leave until I’d given him every bit of research I had on the subject.” Cain smirked remembering the headstrong med student who seemed determined to heal the world on his own.
“I know you love me and I love that you're willing to put up with yet another documentary for me. I don’t care what they say, you’re a big teddy bear, Dean Winchester. Well let’s not put a damper on the mood, tell me how many rock & roll baby names have you suggested to Jess and Sam this week?” The chuckle he felt rumble through Deans chest told him that things were lightening up. “Hey is it my fault that I want my niece or nephew to have an awesome name? I just wish they would tell us which one it is already.”
“Hey, don’t you go thinking that way. Between the jolly green giant over there and your husband, you haven’t been alone in this room for the entire time you’ve been here, and that’s saying something.”
“Hey Dean, I know this trip is usually just for you and me, but have you ever thought of….I don’t know…inviting someone else to go along?” Sam stepped back from the map and grabbed the dart out of Deans hands. It was a metal dart that would surely leave a hole.
“Cas are you sure you’re alright with this? I mean I don’t want to make you uncomfortable but I’ve been thinking about this since the last time we were here.” Dean whispered into Cas ear, keeping his tone gentle and low.
“Jo don’t start. Yes, I have a ring. You know I don’t do chick flick moments, so romantic I don’t know and let me work on getting Cas to say yes before we start talking churches” Dean took a deep breath clearly still nervous about his lack of a plan.
“You heard the man, get out of here.” Ellen shooed the boys away from the door and escorted them to the elevator. “I don’t know what you were arguing about, but I know what it sounded like, and it sounds to me like you’re about to destroy an already broken man. Remember my warning Dean. Life in prison means nothing.” With one final deadly glare, she allowed the doors to close leaving the brothers to stew in their own thoughts.
Castiel offered to run out and grab some but Dean insisted he’d pick up some on the way back to the apartment from class tomorrow afternoon. Dean thought about mentioning his run-in with Hannah, but he wasn’t going to create a problem where there was none. Cas was his.
When he pulled up to the house he steeled himself for the conversation ahead. Charlie had only told him that Cas was sick, she hadn’t said what actually was going on. Dean walked in the door trying to stay quiet, a nice surprise lunch and flowers were way less than what Castiel deserved but it was a start to the endless doting that Dean would be doing from this point forward. He peaked into the bedroom to see if Cas was there, only to find a half packed suitcase on the bed.
His mood was on such an upswing he decided to turn on his stereo, playing some AC/DC of course. Getting lost in the song, he turned it to a deafening level. This was a choice he would regret…..
“Don’t worry baby you’ve got this. I just listened to that presentation 4 different times and I’m still intrigued.” Dean pulled Castiel in close and started to pump out as many comforting pheromones as possible. Castiels body slowly went from rigid to lax.
“Charlie is this going to take long? I don’t want to leave my car, and I know Dean will probably be waiting for me. Maybe I should call him and let him know I’ll be late.”
“That sounds amazing babe, burgers would be great, I only have this engine to work on and paperwork to get through so I shouldn’t be late tonight.” Dean was grunting as he spoke clearly tightening something. Then there was a sound and Dean practically dropped the phone. “Oh crap gotta go babe.”
Charlie put her phone away satisfied that all she had to do was calm her friend and any worry he might have.
Sams' voice wavered and broke a little. He was finally relieved that he could talk to Dean about it all.
“OH MY GOD IT’S A BOY!!!!!” Charlie had already ripped into her cupcake unable to stand the build up. Everyone shared their congratulations with Jess and Sam while they enjoyed their own gender surprise cupcakes.
When the song finished the applause that erupted from the crowd brought Dean and Cas back from their own little world. While they hugged—still on stage—Sam pressed a box into Deans palm.
It was an early Saturday morning. They both were awake at the ungodly hour of 5 am because Castiel had reached the impossible to be comfortable stage in his pregnancy. It happened faster than he expected because there were two babies in there but still he was allowed to be a little upset about it. At least while they were both awake, there was time to discuss the important things, like baby names.
