It was difficult to come up with a solution to the problem when both the Scotland Yard and Mycroft feared Magnussen.
"Do you really want his sacrifice to be worthless, Sherlock?"
"Now will you help me or not?"
" Sherlock suddenly shouted.
He leaned back. "Ah, yes. Magnussen, right? So what? It was all according to plan."
How would he survive if Sherlock stayed away?
Sherlock tossed his cellphone down onto the couch beside John and began walking casually toward Magnussen. "Say..." He began. "Where do you keep the knives around here?"
The nurse rushed out and came back with a needle; probably a sedative.
"I never thought I'd see you lose your cool like this. It's quite interesting. Come away with me, Sherlock."
"Oh, okay, Sherlock." he smiled and fell back to sleep.
"Oh, Sherlock..."
"I dare you." Moriarty.
"Well, go ahead then. Shoot me. I've got snipers all over the city. We can play tag."
"You were?"
"I said I'm fine."
"Almost all of the above. Moriarty is involved and he teamed up with Magnussen."
Moriarty got rougher, now beginning to draw blood with each hit. "Down!"
He curled up in his sleep.
John looked into his eyes.
"In the middle of a-" He cringed in pain for a moment, but managed to get a handle on it this time. "- subway station full of people? We've made too much of a scene as it is. We have to
"How do I choose?" The broken consulting detective inquired.
"The murder weapon! Why did you take it?" he asked in shock.
"You're welcome, Sherlock."
"That's what people would usually say. Why? Because they feel attachment to the one they love, so they don't want to hurt them. They feel, John, and because of that they throw out their self-preservation strategies to keep safe the one that makes them feel good. If nobody felt, maybe some of the victims of '
"Let Sherlock go
"Good." Sherlock put his fingers together in front of his face and seemed to fall deep into thought.
John said nothing along the way.
John tried to see who he was.
"I love you too, Sherlock." he smiled.
John wished he could help his dear friend.
He wanted to die.
He let him go and broke the kiss.
Lestrade led him to the cells. Moriarty was sitting in one far back, indeed grinning.
"You're hearing things again, aren't you?"
"So did I."
"Try."
So that's what he did.
John looked at Sherlock with a scared look.
"I always knew Sherlock was selfless..."
John then lowered it.
Things went exactly the same way as before and the guard that was going to shoot Sherlock grabbed the Consulting Detective, beginning pulling him toward the locked staff-only door. If he disobeyed Sherlock, John might have a chance to change Sherlock's fate.
"But you can't deny that's what you're thinking..."
"Okay."
John slowly got out of bed.
"Please tell me, Sherlock."
"I will."
The response was he received was "Well I'll be. The precious doctor really isn't ignoring me. I'm flattered."
"Hello, Dr. Watson." The text read.
"Sorry, Sherlock, but I had to act."
Inside, sitting in his chair, was Moriarty himself. "Oh, Dr. Watson. Long time no see."
The Consulting Detective merely sighed.
After being helped back to his room, he was only alone in peace for a couple of minutes before he heard what sounded like a small commotion.
Suddenly, his face relaxed a bit, though his brow almost seemed to furrow more. "John... No, no, can't... can't delete John..." He murmured absent-mindedly, making a gesture with his hands as if pushing something aside to continue purging his mind.
"I'm honestly surprised that he didn't."
again~."
"I will find you and make you pay!"
"Doctor Watson!" He heard a nurse outside of his room shout, likely the one that had walked past a few minute ago, along with some high-heeled footsteps approaching his room.
Sherlock sat back. He actually seemed rattled. "Jesus," He murmured before taking another sip of champagne.
"That's the plan."
Perhaps if John could get Sherlock to stand down somehow, he could save him.
"I'm going to prove you wrong."
"I'll get the nurse for you."
What if it really was Sherlock? He had complained of hearing Moriarty in his head...
"Mm... John...?"
"Really? Like what?"
He just stared at the ceiling.
He was sitting in the darkness, all alone.
John sighed.
"Well then, I guess there's really only one thing for me to say." Sherlock looked up at him. "It wasn't just trauma bonding. I always had feelings for you, John."
He felt happy about it.
John told him what he remembered.
Sherlock, on the other hand, seemed calm as could be. "Interesting. Alright, fine. Here goes. I need some dirt on Moriarty. Something concrete."
"Just shut up."
"I should be asking
"I can't, because..."
" Sherlock repeated. "I will
"I'm sorry, Sherlock, but you seemed to calm down when I held you. I'll let go now." he said as he let him go.
"But how can this be?"
Sherlock looked John in the eyes again.
"Don't tell me you're going to play his sick game, Sherlock."
"What do you mean?"
"Sherlock Holmes is mine now, Dr. Watson. I can do with him what I please."
Lestrade looked at Sherlock, startled. "Wait, what?!"
The evil man laughed. "That won't do you any good. Your friend would think you're nuts. I'm not really here~."
John happily continued to kiss back.
He looked at it.
The two of them found that the words "
John moaned a bit as the kiss continued.
Watson continued to sleep.
"That's what you used to say; you were married to your work."
"We need to get moving, John..."
"Heh, what's... What's the worst that could happen if I let them keep trying...? Maybe it'll work..."
. Just fine." Still, Sherlock sounded almost traumatized.
He began to look around for any clues.
Sherlock was asleep beside him.
"You take the bed, Sherlock. I'll sleep on the couch." offered John.
"Who's your partner?"
"Would you like something to drink?" Magnussen asked. "Tea? Water, perhaps?"
Love was a dangerous disadvantage. John loved him. Sherlock felt he wasn't as safe as he could be.
"Sherlock wouldn't do something like this, Inspector, if that's what you're thinking."
"I understand that; he's my friend too, believe it or not..."
"I'll get back to you with news afterwards."
"Sherlock?"
Without removing the knife from the doctor's pocket, Sherlock's hand shifted the knife and quickly stabbed the blade into John's stomach.
"There's only one way out."
"But should you?" The voice sounded like Moriarty.
It appeared for a second that Sherlock had a response in mind, but he instead bit his tongue and stumbled outside.
He went back to sleep and started to snore a bit.
Sherlock then took Moriarty's hand, and the two ran off as the ambulance approached alongside a car driven by Detective Inspector Lestrade.
"Yes, Sherlock."
"What do you mean?"
John weakly glared at Moriarty.
"Yes, thank you."
Moriarty, whether he realized this or not, grabbed Sherlock by the collar of his coat and tugged him up. "Come on, stand up, Sherlock. Here." He handed the Consulting Detective the gun and made him aim at John. "Pull the trigger. Do the honors." Casually, Moriarty then backed up.
"But you recovered, as I thought you would." He glanced over at John's new wife. "And you married. In time, you'll probably have a family with her."
"Sherlock, you've been through physical and mental trauma. I really think you should get checked out."
Watson relaxed in his chair and happily listened to the music.
about me?" He asked, as if surprised.
"What are we doing, Sherlock?" Lestrade shouted, looking for something to work with.
Another text.
"You heard Sherlock!"
John went back to the couch and laid down.
She seemed startled by his words, but did call security to check on his landlady.
He wouldn't even look at Donovan as he sat up.
"A... suit." Sherlock muttered. "Glasses. Balding hair. Means... what?" It almost sounded like he was trying to deduce something aloud about Magnussen when Magnussen wasn't even present.
There was nothing he could do now. He had his own life to lead now.
"I know..."
John snuggled into the blankets.
Sherlock, while carefully begging for them to let John go, tried to figure out who it was.
What's the point in hoping that was the case?
"She's never liked Sherlock very much, but..."
"Other than you?"
Sherlock backed away in fear.
"Unless she was part of this caper."
"Well, just give it a bit and a cellphone will be with you shortly."
"When you were asleep on the couch..."
"I need fresh air. I can feel my brain cells dying in here."
"What's wrong, Inspector?"
What if he'd got himself hurt? He
John tried to stop the bleeding more; putting pressure on the wound.
Sherlock closed his mouth but kept smiling as he dropped the gun to the floor.
Sherlock clutched his head. "This isn't real. It can't be. Get out of my head! The only explanation is that I'm going mad, and I'm
Sherlock smiled back.
He knew something had to be done and soon. He couldn't bare the thought of losing Sherlock to him.
"Oh, Mr. Holmes... It appears you've punctured something."
"Wrong building." it said, accompanied by a smiley face emoticon.
"I don't think we have a choice, John."
"He's only here to protect me."
John kissed him.
A nurse came to the door and timidly knocked. "Detective Inspector Lestrade?"
"I'm here for you, Sherlock."
But what could it be?
me what's going on!"
He ran to look for him.
"It's Mrs. Hudson." Sherlock said.
"That'd be appreciated."
"Now what do you want?"
"You were beaten in the head. You just need time to recover."
"Just... Just stay with me..."
John gulped and followed.
"I hope it won't be too late by then."
"Sorry about that... I don't know what came over me just then..."
Before John could answer, the man pulled out a gun and aimed it at John.
"Not the crimes we solve. We solve the crimes that even have Scotland Yard baffled."
"But, John..."
"John, I would recommend you come along. This may concern you as well."
"Thank you."
Which also meant the culprit knew where Sherlock went.
But then, from somewhere behind him, he heard it: Sherlock's violin.
"Well, what was it?"
A nurse hurried in. Sherlock dug his slender fingers into his curly dark brown hair and groaned loudly.
John slowly woke up.
John was sleeping peacefully now.
"I know he wouldn't. I just can't convince anyone else of that. I'm just here to keep my job at this point."
So was John.
Mycroft narrowed his eyes at his younger brother. "What, you want me to forge some sort of case or incident just so you can do whatever you please?"
"It's not important..."
He continued to help Mrs. Hudson.
"Moriarty. He's in our custody. He turned himself in, and will only speak to you."
He quickly looked at it.
"I'm here simply to make sure that my younger brother is still alive."
For a while, nothing happened.
"Oh, I see..." he sighed as he put the watch away.
"Shut your mouth!" he growled.
"I don't believe you," Sherlock replied, paranoid. "You're trying to lock me up."
He could hear Mycroft ordering his men out of Magnussen's house.
He tried to get it into his head that he wouldn't come that close to hurting John again.
"John... Oh, thank god you're safe..."
Sherlock smiled a bit.
"Yes, I do care, Sherlock."
"Alright." he said as he laid back down.
"By God, Sherlock, why did you do that?" asked John.
." He said innocently.
"I can't believe it might end like this for him."
"Should we just go to Lestrade and get my arrest over with, or should we keep trying to avoid that?"
"Want something to eat or drink?"
"... P-please..." Sherlock mumbled.
Sherlock ran beside him. "Why did you 'have' to act?" He asked as they ran.
"Not real?"
"Not funny."
"... John?"
"Greg, then."
"Alright, Sherlock."
John quickly followed him.
"Here's the punchline. - JMx"
Sherlock's brow furrowed. "I told you I can take care of you here, John... They'll take me away from you if we go to the hospital..."
"I'm not going back to sleep, John."
"I can't help but hope he pulls through..."
Sherlock looked rather tired and pale.
"Mycroft, it's a trap! Moriarty is still alive!!"
He wondered how he got there as he looked around...
"I'm not stupid. I know what it means."
"Sherlock, you have to believe in yourself. Trust yourself."
"It's the only way. If I convince him that I'm on his side, that I'm his and his alone without anymore struggling, it's likely he'll reveal his weakness to me."
"Come on."
He text back then put his phone away.
"It sounds absurd, yes. But I assure you, it's the truth."
"So?"
"Sherlock?"
"Donovan? Donovan!"
With a weak sigh, he stopped.
"Well, look what the cat dragged in." Moriarty said.
Lestrade slowly reached for his handcuffs.
Sherlock kissed him again.
"You didn't need to shoot him, Donovan! If anything, you should've shot him in the hand!"
"Y-yes."
"Is that really you, Sherlock?" he texted.
John quickly followed. "Why did you lie, Sherlock? That's not like you."
"No, Sherlock! I'm not worth it!"
Sherlock smirked a bit. "I worry this may not be even in your power, though, Magnussen. How can I trust you'll get the job done?"
Sherlock went back over to him and kissed his forehead.
Sherlock looked away. "I didn't know what I was doing..."
For once, Sherlock almost seemed concerned about his brother's well-being.
Lestrade took a deep breath, which was probably a bad sign.
Sherlock proceeded to wrap his arms around John, holding him close protectively, close enough for John to feel his heart beating rapidly in his chest and his quick breathing.
"Hearing that from you means so much to me, Sherlock."
Hopefully something was working out in their favor.
..." He mumbled to himself.
Lestrade walked in. "Oh, you're awake. Welcome back to the land of the living."
"The one I shot him with wasn't real! My God, how come it didn't occur to me sooner?"
He slowly opened the door.
"Never ever."
Sherlock fell silent.
John looked down feeling like it was his fault.
clever. John's an idiot. Who can you trust more with your fate; someone just like you, who can appreciate you, or an idiot who just thinks you're a
"M-my brother... He always used to tell me... about The East Wind... It comes for... the useless, stupid people... People unworthy... and it plucks them up... takes them away..." Sherlock droned.
He tried another building.
Sherlock cautiously sat on the edge of the bed.
One life to save many. He knew this all too well when in was in the war.
"I know."
Moriarty only stumbled back and laughed. He seemed, if anything, amused by John's offensive.
Now just how will he do it?
John woke up a bit. "Sherlock...?"
He nodded and fell asleep.
"Thank you, Sherlock. I surprised myself."
"Well... All of the open wounds, at least."
"Sh-Sherlock...?"
"And he tortured you for it!"
Sherlock discreetly began to head for the door.
"Thank you, Sherlock..."
Mycroft paused, and when he resumed speaking, he tried to avoid the question. "I'm going to question him a bit, see what he was told." Again, another pause. "... Would you like to speak to him first? Just for proof that I'm not lying, you know."
Sherlock averted his eyes. "Sorry about that."
"I believe you."
He looked at the phone again.
"He's weaker now. He suffered a severe beating to his head and was forced to 'delete' many things from his memory."
"Well, I hope you're ready to run then." Sherlock said.
"John... You're an idiot. But you're
John sighed a bit.
He only smiled a little.
"You heard the man." Lestrade instructed, silencing most of his officers.
She offered to take him there.
Slowly, the tired doctor drifted to sleep.
"Then why are you here?"
Lestrade was standing in front of the interrogation room, trying to keep himself composed. Moriarty could be heard laughing within.
"Of what?"
The limousine kept going, but it was moving very slowly.
"I take it you have heard of this man before."
"I want to get to know what I don't already know about you."
"The freak," it seemed as though she wasn't going to stop calling him that, "was running, and I guess he just had the bad luck of running right into some lunatic with a gun we would've had to have taken care of anyway."
"Moriarty's still here, though... He's not laughing anymore, at least."
"John? What has my little brother gone and done now?" Mycroft answered with this, predicting correctly the reason why John was calling him.
"Heh, thought not." Moriarty mumbled.
"Don't you dare harm Sherlock!"
"Why's that?"
"I hope we meet again, Sherlock."
Sherlock said nothing, only holding John's hand tightly.
"You'll be able to survive."
"There's snipers everywhere out there!"
"Still, I've... made my decision, if he really is going through with this. I just need to figure out how to move this plan of his along."
He quickly read it.
"Nowhere since he won't let us leave."
John hoped Sherlock was alright.
"Sherlock, don't start doubting yourself."
"Sherlock, please answer me." he said as he snapped his fingers.
"Sherlock?"
"I'm glad to hear it."
"I suppose so."
"What is it?"
"Alright. Please hurry." he said before hanging up and went to tend to Mrs. Hudson.
"What do you mean?"
"Then he might stand a chance."
"I need to leave, now..."
"Let him go, Inspector."
"And I would do the same for you, Sherlock."
"Could you help me, Inspector?"
"That might be a problem. I threw my phone across the room when Moriarty pissed me off texting me."
"What, are you saying that you'd rather he had killed me? Put me out of my current misery then?"
John sighed. He wished he could help his friend.
When the nurse approached with the with sedative, Sherlock suddenly smacked it out of her hand. "NO!" He shouted. "Are you insane?! The last thing you are to do to someone in my condition is give them a sedative! Especially that much! With the amount you put in that needle, you could've put me in a coma!"
"Just had a nightmare."
Soon, Sherlock stepped back inside. "Why are we waiting around here, John?"
"You're not taking him!" he yelled at him.
"That's what I fear as well..."
He found that he had one text from Sherlock's number.
"Are you still asleep? Geez, sleepy head. Just because I promised Sherlock I wouldn't kill you doesn't mean I can't talk to you, does it?"
"Yes." He quickly answered. "Yes, I'm fine..."
He nodded. "Yes, I'm... fine."
He then snuggled him a bit.
Sherlock didn't normally care about anything as trivial as the night sky, but he continued to stare up at it, as if enthralled by it.
On the EKG, Sherlock's heart rate began to increase as he continued "deducing". He was beginning to quiver and stammer slightly.
Over the radio, Donovan replied, "Not great. The freak's nowhere to be seen."
"What do you mean?"
"You could say that," she conceded.
It read, simply, "I love you."
There had to be something he could use. Moriarty shouldn't be so happy, given that his only true rival was supposedly dead now.
"Sherlock, it's me, John Watson."
So he hurried to Baker Street and to the flat.
He took it and gently placed it on his hand.
"Just relax and rest for now."
He covered the wound with his hands and looked back up at John.
"That's a hard choice, Sherlock."
"Sherlock, save your strength! Please! Don't die!"
"We will try to get him back. Lay low, now, John. Don't get anymore involved than you already are. Keep yourself safe, for Sherlock's sake." With this, Mycroft hung up on him.
"Risky advice."
"Please be alright, Sherlock..."
"Something else." He mumbled, letting the words linger for a moment. "What else do you want?"
"No..."
"Oh, Sherlock, you want so dearly to be an idiot so that everyone will accept you... You don't have to be!
It seemed so did John.
"Are you sure?"
He blushed more.
But he was happy that wasn't going to happen now.
"Inspector, what's wrong?"
There was a knock on the door.
"Of course. Why wouldn't I be able to go in there?"
He answered it.
"I can't let Lestrade have it. There's compromising evidence on it."
"Ooh, this just keeps getting more and more interesting!"
He prayed for his safety.
"It's... It's okay. I think I'm fine now."
Moriarty emerged from around the corner. "Aah, good old Dr. Watson. Or should I just call you John? You don't really have any special type of rank..."
"What do you mean?"
', seeing as that was the word that had attracted John to live with him at Baker Street when they first met.
"Stop it!"
"If that were entirely true, I would not be here right now."
Watson took off his coat and sat down.
"The only way to do that is to bring Moriarty to justice." replied John.
"Besides, you keep on saying that you're completely straight whenever anyone pokes fun at us. Because of that, it wouldn't work anyway even if I was interested in you in that way, but I consider myself to be married to my work, so..."
"This is all my fault..."
"He's already killed for you once." Moriarty said with a shrug, revealing he knew more about them than they had given him credit for.
"Oh, I see."
John was so enraged and saddened that he didn't know what to do.
"But you need rest."
"Don't hurt John... Hurt
"Are you trying to piss me off?"
He looked over at Sherlock.
"What would've happened to me back there if you hadn't stepped in, John?"
Sherlock held him a little tighter.
He started to tear up and blush.
Shortly after, the taxi came to a stop, and Sherlock stepped out.
"Sherlock...?" he moaned a bit.
"Yes, Sherlock?"
"That was a bit rude."
"He's killing himself so that I won't kill you." Moriarty sung.
Watson walked in as well.
He looked at the text.
"Well what?"
"Tell me straight. Is there a chance he could die...?"
"You're right, Mary."
He fired a warning shot by his head. "Still think I'm joking?"
"Need some water?"
Sherlock held him tighter.
"That's good."
"I understand that..."
"Sherlock...?" he called out.
"We're partners and friends; nothing more."
The only thing he could think of to help was to hold him.
He just has to put his mind to it. Every man has a weakness.
John looked over at Sherlock.
Still, Sherlock didn't get any closer. It was as if he was waiting for John to continue.
There was, frighteningly enough, a good chance that would happen.
Sherlock looked at John.
"I'm sorry about that... It's just, you left, and... Honestly, somehow that made it worse..."
"No reason..."
"His men will kill her if we try anything of the sort." Sherlock turned his gaze to Moriarty. "Am I right?"
"Goodbye, Doctor Watson. Good luck with your marriage." He opened the door. Right before he started to step in, past him, in the seat on the other side of the limo, sat a man in a belstaff coat.
an idiot..." He teased gently, smiling a bit and closing his eyes.
Sherlock stood up. "I'm leaving."
Or worse, that the culprit had lured Sherlock somewhere.
Slowly, a smile spread across Sherlock's gaunt face.
"Did he get the Embassy involved?"
Nothing mattered anymore.
"Nurse!!"
"Good luck, Sherlock."
"How so?"
Moriarty raised his hands, which were handcuffed together, in a sort of shrug. "What can I say? I needed a way to talk to you."
"Wh-what...? Sherlock, what is he talking about?"
"I see. Well, my brother, surprisingly, scares easily. If you don't want to alarm him, I'd be discreet."
"Okay."
But they couldn't stop him since he knew how to get out of it.
." Mycroft growled at Sherlock, his voice laced with sarcasm.
Then Moriarty stepped forward and grinned evilly. "I told you we were alike, Sherlock." he said.
Lestrade brought John back to his room. "You want me to help you into bed?"
"You're welcome, Sherlock."
John smiled at him.
"I'm here, Sherlock!"
"It's nothing, I just..."
He slowly stopped running.
John tried to get some sleep.
"You're twisted!"
"I have no reason to lock you up, Sherlock. You haven't done much to warrant that. Moriarty showed up after he failed to kill me at Magnussen's residence. Told me to tell you he wanted to talk."
John gently held him close as he continued the kiss.
"You know that's not what I mean!"
"Are you okay?"
Soon the doctor was in a pool of his own blood.
"This isn't about solving a case anymore! This is about justice. About making sure we're safe, you and I. Besides, coming this far... You've proved quite useful. I hate to say it, but I'm depending on you, John. You may not be able to save my life again, seeing as my pitiful body probably can't take much more of this, but if I go into this alone, I'll surely fail, and more innocent people will be hurt."
"Well, look harder!"
"No, no, it's... It's fine."
"Just... Just in general. And for the record, I do consider myself married to... Oh, I had a thought going and I suddenly lost it. Anyway, it doesn't matter." Sherlock said, briefly remembering his typical excuse about being married to his work before losing it again. "Let's just keep walking."
Sherlock shook his head weakly and shrugged somewhat.
He then handed the gun to him and wheeled himself out without a word.
It was possible that her obvious feelings of disdain and contempt toward Sherlock were bringing her to lie, but before she could say anything more, Lestrade arrived at the scene.
"Tick tock, Sherlock." Moriarty sung.
"I don't ever want her back in here or near me ever again."
John shook his head and looked at Mary. "I'm sorry, my love. That violin playing just reminded me of my departed friend."
"Are you alright?"
"Please be okay, Sherlock..."
"Well, hey, I'm sure my partner can pleasure him better than you can, even if there's fighting and blackmail involved. Have you two even done it yet? Or are you two not a thing now?"
"Mycroft," Sherlock replied in an aggressive manner.
John continued to sleep.
"How?"
"No, no, I'm... I'm fine."
"What did you say?"
"I don't know. It happened pretty quickly. One second, this poor thug had the freak in a headlock, next thing I knew, the man was dead as the freak's feet."
It was probably worth a shot.
"My wound reopened... I need to go to the hospital..."
John walked over to him. "Why are you at my wedding?" he asked.
The silence was killing him.
"He's barely alive."
Sherlock bit his lip and covered his own ears, trying to block out the voices to no prevail.
"Since when do you have a rational idea?"
What *if* Sherlock didn't wake up?
"Don't do
"He's not."
"What woman wouldn't? You're a veteran, an army doctor. And though you don't like to show it, you're a very loving, compassionate man, John."
Sherlock tensed up a bit and stood up straight, popping the collar on his Belstaff coat as he usually did when he wanted to seem somewhat intimidating.
"That's not true," he insisted. "Find a woman, John. Start a family. Forget about me."
"Oh God..."
He rushed to hail a cab.
"Interesting. It would seem that even I am susceptible to trauma bonding."
"Look, it probably would've happened anyway. It's probably better this way, or else it might've been you I targeted..."
"Please, Sherlock! Please don't die!"
"Don't worry, John. Things are better than you think they are."
"What's that?"
John sighed in frustration.
"Sherlock's got a pulse again, but... I mean, with how long he went without..."
"If you say so. I just hope he'll be okay. So far, running off on his own hasn't proved very much good."
"I suppose I'd better..."
"Then call out to me and I'll come give him what for."
He wanted to convince himself that the phone had been broken, but the odds of that were slim since Sherlock's phone was quite durable.
Her eyes widened as she quickly got up and went for the panic button on the wall.
"If you weren't completely baffled. Yes, Lestrade, I get it."
It was no use.
Sherlock started to get worried.
Sherlock began to relax a bit.
"Need anything?"
It was worth a try at least.
John gently held his hand.
"That seems a little more dangerous than it's worth..."
"Keep trying."
"Yes, Sherlock?"
"What a shame, it seems good old Sherlock Holmes remembers."
"The only place you could go from here right now is to a holding cell in Scotland Yard."
The good doctor gulped.
"It's nothing, Sherlock."
"Just be careful."
"Sherlock mislead you to buy us time to expose Moriarty. He knew that if you arrested him before that, Moriarty would have him killed."
John sat down away from Sherlock.
"John..." The older Holmes brother almost sounded... deeply concerned. "There's... He's not here. There's nobody here."
Soon their ride came to pick them up.
"Girl?"
"Yes, it is, Sherlock." he said.
He pushed them aside and kept going.
He sighed in defeat.
"Alright, Sherlock."
When they arrived, they found the door into 221 Baker Street wide-open.
"That bullet was fake?"
Sherlock fell silent for a moment. "... Uh, sorry, did... Did you assume I was asking what you thought of me as a romantic interest? Because that's... well, that's... not what I meant, John."
"Go ahead."
Now there was a good chance Sherlock was dead. What would he do without him?
"It's just I feel so lost without you, Sherlock."
John looked over at her.
Sherlock shakily stood up and walked toward the door.
"It just shows that you really do have feelings, Sherlock."
"Tell us!"
"H-how can this be possble, Sherlock?"
"I'll be there."
"Oh, I wouldn't be so sure of that, Dr. Watson... But I suppose in your defense, he does do a pretty damn good job of hiding his feelings on just about anything, doesn't he? Well, I mean, not now, at least. Look at him, he looks absolutely terrified! It's hilarious what a little bit of blackmail can do!"
But what if it was?
The good doctor broke down and started to cry.
"You... Y-you don't understand..." The Consulting Detective was growing weaker by the second.
"Don't ever leave me..."
True to Mycroft's word, after about half an hour a nurse walked in and handed him a cellphone. "I was told to give this to you, Dr. Watson."
"You aren't without me. You just can't see me."
John followed after him.
"And I gave him the perfect cover..."
"What does he want? I don't get it. What does he get out of this?"
"Why, whatever do you mean, dear Mr. Holmes?"
The Consulting Detective sat himself upright, uncovering his eyes. "What? Sorry, I was...
At that moment John woke up a bit. "Sherlock...?"
"John?" Sherlock mumbles, staring out the window at the ground below. "John, how well do you think you can treat a few broken ribs, a broken limb or two, a concussion, and a suspected punctured lung?"
"Really?"
"Yes?"
Holmes made a small noise, almost like a faint chuckle. "You do care," He whispered.
"But that would mean... No, Sherlock!"
take the bed."
"Stop getting in the way... It's hard to control what I delete..." Sherlock made the gesture again; in his shattered Mind Palace, the version of John he had made as a "living" bank to store his memories of John was forcing Sherlock to focus on itself with everything the real John did. If Sherlock wasn't careful, he might accidentally delete this storage of John- related things trying to delete the rest, which would in his own opinion distress him greatly.
It was swelling a bit, but it didn't hurt. The ice was helping to prevent it from swelling too much.
"And what would that be?"
The Consulting Detective's eyes started to close. It didn't look like his body could take much more of this.
"Moriarty shot me then tried to have Sherlock finish me but he shot Moriarty dead and I passed out before I could see what he did to Magnussen."
Sherlock seemed to hit a small epiphany. "Magnussen's still alive." He muttered to himself.
John blushed as well as he helped Sherlock back to the room.
He curled up on the bed and sobbed more.
His destination was quite far. He needed to be quick.
It started to bug him.
He wondered why he did that.
"John, I advise you stay back and pretend not to know me." Sherlock said again, standing still and causing a sensation of deja-vu.
"Are you alright?"
After a minute or so, he got the response of "Who is this?"
He had only just realized how fond he was of Sherlock, and now he was about to lose him?
"He was shot point blank."
Again they couldn't even lay a finger on him.
John checked her pulse. "She's alive."
real, right...?"
"You mean I almost died?"
He reluctantly sat down, glancing at John as he did so.
He had to think of another way.
Sherlock, not having the heart to answer, averted his eyes.
"We need your help, Mycroft."
"You never know."
Sherlock shook his head. "Sleep is useless, just like eating. After a while, you get used to going without it."
"Oh, Sherlock. You're more clever than that. You can figure it out."
"You too, Sherlock." he replied as he laid on the couch.
"If you're sure."
"Just shut up and get out."
The battered Consulting Detective smiled, just a bit.
"But what if Magnussen returns?"
Lestrade hesitated slightly.
"Please," The man gestured to the inside of the limo. "Grace me with your presence for a while. Let me take you on a drive, perhaps a night on the town."
"Yes, I just... I just have a bit of a headache. It's fine..."
"I'm honored."
John's face paled.
"I want to go home..." The pathetic way this was said was so un-Sherlock, and yet, there it was, slipping through his lips.
He could only hope that Sherlock would be okay.
change first opinions, Gary." He said, getting Lestrade's name wrong again. "We're going now."
"I'm fine now, Sherlock."
But Sherlock did die to save him.
"Yes?"
John continued to follow far behind.
"Sherlock, what did he do?"
Sherlock took a step past John before he fell to his knees, clutching his head. "
"That's it. Good boy." Moriarty snarked as if praising a dog.
"Yes, John. It's about time, too."
"Someone has to keep an eye on him."
Sherlock stopped laughing when he heard John's voice. Slowly, he stepped out of the bathroom with a bloody hand from punching the mirror. "John..."
"Just drop it, Sherlock." he said as he started walking.
"John, I love you..." Sherlock kissed him with his bloody lips.
"Get out of there, Mycroft! He's going to blow up the place!!!"
"You deleted from your mind what we do, Sherlock."
"Oh my god, Sherlock, you're hurt!"
When he called, Lestrade answered after two rings. "Hello?"
"I won't, Sherlock. This is crazy."
John stirred a bit but stayed asleep.
"Let's just say I'm not confident in my mental health."
"Shut up."
" Sherlock shouted, excited. "Yes, yes, I love it! Come on, John, we've got a killer to find!"
Sherlock turned his whole face to John, actually beginning to look a little bit flushed. "
"What are you not telling me?"
Sherlock smiled a little and turned to Mycroft. "Take us to him."
Sherlock stared at John with a degree of concern on his face.
"If I get arrested, I'll be vulnerable to an attack. I see now; he made it so I would frame myself like that just so that I would be arrested, because he knows I'd be most vulnerable in a cell."
John tried to run faster to catch up.
Lucky for him there was some.
"John, I..."
"John... thank god you're okay..."
The landlady was hurt bad, lying on the ground outside and only half conscious.
"If I don't let him shoot me, you will die instead. So will Mycroft. So will Mrs. Hudson!"
"Of course." He said before disappearing out of the flat, leaving John alone.
"John..." Gradually, the Consulting Detective started to calm down.
John paled. The culprit knew he had the cell phone.
" was Sherlock's only response, as he was beginning to doze off.
Watson smiled back at him.
Magnussen's hand again returned to Sherlock's, clamping onto it. The Consulting Detective tried to pull his hand away, but couldn't. "Let go," he ordered.
John placed his hands on his face as he began to cry.
Magnussen stepped aside, revealing Sherlock behind him, laying on the ground in a quivering heap.
Sherlock seemed a tad relieved.
Sherlock didn't argue further. Instead he looked one last time at John before reaching again for the limo's door to close it.
Sherlock's eye twitched from the confusion of being unable to distinguish whether he was talking to the real Moriarty or not.
"Don't talk, Sherlock! Save your strength!"
After a few moments, Sherlock slowly opened his eyes.
"The girl that worked at the morgue. Moriarty was the one who killed her."
"Oh, I hope I do too... But on the bright side, I'll be taking Sherlock with me when the time comes. I'm not going to Hell alone. Here's another picture~!"
Sherlock huffed quietly, seeming to grow a tad impatient with the madman before him.
"I would never do anything against your will, Sherlock."
Sherlock stepped out from the interrogation room. "Why is everyone screaming?!" He shouted.
"Surely you have someone you can stay with, right?"
"You can't think like that."
He blushed more as he held him.
What if he
"I doubt she can..." Sherlock mumbled.
"What's wrong, nurse?"
"Who ever said I had intention to harm Sherlock Holmes? He's already harmed enough as is."
"I thought you wanted to do it all on your own. You don't get full credit of this, Moriarty."
"Just trust him, Inspector."
"Alright! Just try to care for her while an ambulance is on the way, and if you see Sherlock, then be careful!"
He prayed for him.
"It isn't for
"I'm happy you're alive as well, Sherlock."
John blushed even more.
"Better than me?" Moriarty scoffed. "I'm not the one in a body bag because of you."
"What do you mean you think?"
He shook his head. "Nothing..."
Again, Sherlock kissed him.
There wasn't much he could do on that front, though.
"Yes, Sherlock?"
Sherlock quietly watched John do this.
"Wh-who's here?" he called out.
Wouldn't
"Also not your fault..." Sherlock said through grit teeth.
Sherlock pressed their foreheads together. "I'd never leave you, John." He breathed.
"Maybe it wasn't the most prestigious plan, but it was interesting nonetheless."
I meant I don't."
"But no, they opt to
Sherlock looked at John again. "... But... why...?" He asked after a brief pause.
An hour and a half later, there was a knock on the door.
Love in her blue eyes, she nodded.
"Stop tormenting him!"
Sherlock again gulped, this time staying silent.
"You know exactly what I mean." After a moment's pause, Sherlock shook his head and picked his champagne glass back up. "On second thought, don't answer me. I'm married to my work." He said before taking a big gulp of champagne, almost as if he wanted to get drunk.
"You will not, Detective Inspector Greg Lestrade."
He found that they were standing in front of the subway station where Sherlock had made a scene after they first took the case. "My idea couldn't have been that bad." Sherlock said. The Consulting Detective himself looked unharmed, as if John had gone into the past, before all of the horrible things that had happened to them transpired.
Still, Sherlock seemed petrified by fear.
"The only reason he went with them was to protect me..."
"It's quite alright, Sherlock."
Sherlock was shaking his head when the somewhat-taller man clamped his hand down on his shoulder and whispered something, his mouth close to Sherlock's ear. Whatever he whispered seemed to scare Sherlock, and next thing John knew, the Consulting Detective was stepping into the limousine, being assisted by the man.
Moriarty stuck his tongue out, and then Sherlock turned to glare at him.
"Not all of them. Magnussen beat him again."
Realizing that trying to fight John on this wasn't going to work, he simply nodded and tried to relax.
"You can't think like that, Sherlock."
"You know why."
He got a text.
"We were wrong. That was just like him." He shook the phone a bit, then laughed, "He sent me the number to a suicide prevention hotline."
Exasperated, Mrs. Hudson turned to leave, shouting at him, "This is coming out of your rent, Sherlock!"
"J-John, John, don't get up...!" Sherlock, with shaky hands, tried to gently force John back down. "I may not have done a very good job on stitching your injuries, seeing as I'm in this state..." A lot paler than normal, Sherlock flashed the doctor half of a weak smile.
"... I'm sorry. I just found it rather cruel of him to bring that up in front of you."
John panted a bit.
John woke up a few hours later.
When Sherlock got close enough, Moriarty whispered, loud enough to hear, "Someone you know, Sherlock, is about to die."
He wheeled himself over and held his hand.
"Alright, Sherlock."
Lestrade was halfway across the room, and Sherlock just stood in front of the interrogation room trying to act inconspicuous.
"What is it?"
start blaming yourself- I was the one that
"Perhaps."
"Oh, I have a few reasons," admitted Magnussen, albeit vaguely.
Sherlock stepped back. He opened his mouth to tell John what was wrong, but then snapped it shut.
"I can't do that if I don't know who the other choices are."
"It'll be alright, Sherlock."
should go easy on
He was torn. As if to help him decide, he looked at John's sleeping face.
Again, Sherlock seemed flustered with the topic. "He didn't mean anything by it." He lied.
But it couldn't be. This was a trick.
... An act that had managed to fool both Moriarty and Lestrade.
John rushed over. "Come out, Moriarty!"
"Well... We're going to have to lock him up."
It was Lestrade saying that something had come up and he needed to leave in a rush, but he would contact him asap when they'd booked him someplace to stay.
"I really wish we could just shoot him."
"You should try the champagne at the Diogenes Club."
"Well, one Sherlock Holmes is already dead inside you. It died with Redbeard."
Sherlock seemed reluctant but willing to see someone.
It was relatively quiet.
For a while, nothing happened.
"J-John..."
It was a dark hickey with some fading bite marks, as if the flesh of the Consulting Detective had been pinched between Magnussen's teeth.
John growled softly as he started to feel jealous.
Sherlock tried to resist the impulse to cover his ears to block out the sounds that only he could hear. They were becoming rather loud and distressing, but he tried to keep his hands down, attempting to convince himself that the sounds would pass.
Not hearing anything in response, Sherlock poked his head into her flat, 221A. Shortly after, however, he pulled his head out, and ran up the stairs for 221B.
He nodded meekly.
"I, uh... I know I don't usually say things like this, but I care about you too, John."
It was from Sherlock's number. It read, "Did you miss me? - JMx"
John facepalmed.
He felt so useless. He wanted to help Sherlock but couldn't.
"What makes you say that?"
"You're no fun." Another text from Moriarty read. "I was going to 'blow them away'. Ha ha ha! I suppose they still won't mind a pyrotechnics show... - JMx"
"He won't make it." said Magnussen.
"Sherlock ran because of that and is now clinging to his life!"
"All of you, out of my room now."
Sherlock smirked a little bit.
"Begging won't save him, Sherlock."
"Shut it, you monster."
Still, the worry plagued his mind.
Sherlock gulped, not being completely certain that John wouldn't, at this point, think he was crazy.
John coughed up more blood as his wound reopened.
"What should we do?"
"I don't think I will," responded Magnussen.
Not long after that they were happily married.
"Because of what?"
Lestrade ran off, leaving John with the nurse.
Sherlock pulled back, shocked but not necessarily denying John's affection. "J-John...?" The dream seemed to be fading away around him.
"Nervous, Sherlock?"
John grunted a bit as his wound ached.
"I'M GOING TO RIP YOU APART." Sherlock snarled.
Sherlock backed up more. "Stay back, or I'll..."
"Well, I was going to take Sherlock out anyway, but I decided the best way to end his life would be with a... bang. Get it?" Moriarty snarked.
"By who?!"
"This whole mess began because you wanted to protect me and look at what happened to you because of it. I'm too weak to even help my greatest friend when he needs me the most."
"If you're alright with it, then we should..."
"You're trying to get arrested for a crime you didn't commit!"
"I do?"
" He said, staring darkly at Sherlock as he made the last remark while faking fear. "Please hurry."
"No. I want to leave here..."
"I saved him from a murder charge by proving that he was in an entirely different part of London robbing a store."
"Because I respect you."
"Please, John... I'm not... I'm
"I am too, it's just... It almost feels surreal."
"I'm fine, Sherlock, but worry about yourself. You're the one injured."
There was a cup of tea by the microscope. It was still hot, as if it had just been made.
"Just barely."
She again returned the kiss.
"Good, I need him for a case. You don't mind if I take him, do you?"
And, unlike Mycroft, it might be possible to buy Lestrade's help.
There had to be somebody that he could bring Magnussen's attention to.
"John, you look scared... Is something wrong...?"
"My being hurt only makes the case more interesting."
"I won't. Don't you worry about that."
, John,
"I know. It feels like he's finally playing his trump card, but something about his execution is just... off."
Sherlock held him back. "I can't rest, John."
"Let's go," Lestrade butt in, but was ignored by the arguing Holmes brothers.
"No, I'm not alone. Yes, John knows I'm asking you for help." After a moment, he turned to John and said, "He says he's impressed with you," before returning to the call.
"Yes, and the culprit is the same man who is torturing us."
If Donovan was still standing, did that mean that she'd hurt Sherlock? Or had whoever who "took Sherlock hostage" done so instead?
..." The name escaped his lips against his will.
Sherlock suddenly heard someone whisper his name. His eyes flung open and he sat up, looking around the hotel room, only to find that no one was in proximity... even so, he heard it again.
"What's wrong?"
"He would if we offered something in exchange for his help."
"Mycroft actually gave me his number. Surprise, surprise."
"I'm staying with you, Sherlock."
Sherlock glanced at him with a serious look. It was hard to tell if he had a plan or not.
"Shouldn't we keep an eye on Sherlock...?"
"Why," he sung, "I'm here to take Sherlock."
"I want to go home now..."
"... John...?"
"What the hell. Do you want me to pour you a glass?"
"Make who shut up?"
John snuggled into him.
"What's going on?!"
His phone vibrated as he got a new text from an unknown number.
"Why are you acting so strange, Sherlock?" he asked with concern.
"To each their own I guess."
Sherlock noticed and stepped a bit closer to the bed.
"It's the only way to draw him out."
Both of them were silent, though Moriarty did continue to smirk at John.
The limo slowed to a halt.
"Perhaps the cipher says. Give me a minute on this, John; I think I vaguely recognize the cipher." He thought for a minute, before loudly exclaiming "Oh! This character is an S! This is Pigpen Cipher! It says, 'Sh'-..." Sherlock trailed off, his face going blank as he stared at the bloody message on the wall with wide eyes.
"Again? But I just got some yesterday!"
"You should probably get some rest as well. Come on, I'll help you back to your room."
"It's not happening."
"You can be destroyed as well."
He tried to pick it open.
"You want me to decide who to save." Sherlock replied.
He quickly looked at it.
He couldn't get ahold of Mrs. Hudson, probably because she was still in the hospital.
With that, he woke up in the hospital room he'd fell asleep in.
He looked at his hand.
There was no response. It was safe to assume that something was happening that was preventing either of them from replying.
John didn't care anymore.
"Who knows? I sure as hell don't know. Magnussen and Moriarty, maybe they were in cahoots. Maybe they didn't even know of each other. Perhaps I was their--" He laughed more, "Perhaps I was their secret lover, right, John? Perhaps I had spurned them earlier--"
"Get out of here."
John kissed back with the same passion.
"Thank you, I appreciate that more than you might think."
He couldn't find it anywhere.
"Perhaps that's how he evaded us for so long."
"Yes, and you played a part that led to his death, you fiend."
"I love you, too."
"We will beat you."
John was still sleeping peacefully next to him.
He dragged himself more and tripped Moriarty.
John growled angrily and punched him in the face.
that will, at least after..." Moriarty paused and cocked his head to the side. "...
It was from an unknown contact and said only, "Tick tock."
"What should we do?"
What if it was already too late?
"Yes, Sherlock?"
"He did beat you senseless."
"I'm going to have my men question him, and once we've evaluated that, we'll bring him back to you. You are okay with that, aren't you, John?"
The Consulting Detective walked far ahead of him, stumbling every few steps, and glancing at his phone. He was likely using a digital map to figure out where he was going if he had deleted his mental map of London from his head.
"Because I'm behind you, Sherlock."
"Yes, Sherlock?"
"It's WCP98J3."
"I feel the same way."
"So be it." Magnussen began to take his leave.
Donovan's radio was passed to Lestrade, who also didn't know what to do as Sherlock was lift into the ambulance on a stretcher.
He took a deep breath and called the number.
John slowly pulled back the curtains.
The limousine started to move.
The Consulting Detective stood upright, brushing himself off and adjusting his Belstaff coat nervously.
', do you, Sherlock?" He asked, saying '
"Yes, you can."
"Sorry, Sherlock."
Sherlock felt content.
John sighed as he stood up.
"As do I," confessed Sherlock. Then, he closed the door.
"I'm fine for now."
"It's not that simple, John."
John stirred a bit.
The call was dropped. Lestrade rushed over.
"Neither do I," Lestrade admitted.
Sherlock kissed him again.
"I'm not..." Sherlock began groaning, no longer paying attention to John but only to the voice. "I'm not going to hurt him... You can't make me..."
"Understood."
The Consulting Detective almost smiled for a moment.
Not quite as quickly as John would have liked, the cabbie stopped the vehicle. "This is William Morris Way."
He smiled happily.
The Consulting Detective again subconsciously tugged at the handcuffs connecting his arm to the bedframe.
"I love you too. I can say that with utmost certainty."
He kept seeing in his head Sherlock collapse to the ground after Moriarty shot him.
He text "Sherlock?" to it.
John tried to make him more comfortable.
"Then how are we going to solve this case, Sherlock?"
She whimpered more as more tears fell.
"I see. You still like your pets more than people." Moriarty groaned. "I wonder how hard you would fall if I put him down..."
hurt John Watson!" He insisted desperately.
"Bored." Sherlock replied nonchalantly as he kept shooting at the wall.
Sherlock, sitting to John's left, clasped his hands together in front of his face. He remained silent, as if waiting for John to start a conversation again; despite how unusual he had been acting today, this wasn't one of those unusual actions.
Watson wheeled himself over to the inspector. "What do you make of this?"
"Do you have an idea?"
"I just want closure is all, Inspector."
He needed Sherlock, and he wasn't alive anymore.
As Sherlock used to say, "Once you eliminate the impossible, whatever remains, no matter how improbable, must be the truth."
"I also can't lie. That's what he told me, and he meant it."
"You have to make a decision, Sherlock," Moriarty said, ignoring John. "A decision and a sacrifice."
"I know you wouldn't, Sherlock."
"Why did you cover your ears?"
"You're bloody insane; no longer the Sherlock I knew."
"The way her throat was cut means it was cut with a jagged hunting knife, relatively new. She struggled, and it seems she was brought here in a vehicle. The blood on the walls here seems to be intentional; perhaps it's a cipher of some sort, but I can't make it out unless I really try." For what Sherlock usually said, this was strangely quick and to the point. He wasn't showing off so much, or perhaps he was right about his thoughts being clouded over.
"You? Sherlock Holmes, change his theories?" Lestrade asked, amused.
At first it seemed like a whole trio of security guards was going to do something about Sherlock, but then one of them said a few words to the others and they left, leaving only one guy to approach Sherlock.
A tear rolled down the unconscious doctor's bloodied cheek.
"Is that so?"
"Even he can't pay for an army, right?"
John sighed a bit.
"Really, Inspector? Because of this whole mess; I could lose my greatest friend I have ever had."
"We don't have to, Sherlock." he said as he laid down on the couch.
Sherlock left his scarf on John's stomach as he collapsed back to the wood floor beneath him. He was bleeding bad, and he wondered how he hadn't noticed this sooner. Even so, he soon forced himself to his feet and kept trying to ignore his own self-inflicted injuries.
"That's not necessarily true."
Luckily he saw the license plate and was able to write down the number.
He wanted everything to go back to normal.
"I'm just so scared that you might..."
John didn't know what to think anymore.
"Someone who is interested in meeting the world's only Consulting Detective." was the answer the calm, deep man's voice gave.
"It's not my fault Sherlock is reckless."
Sherlock was now quiet.
Moriarty stepped back. "Nice try."
John quickly ran over to him; taking the knife away and tossing it aside before holding him close.
"Distract Lestrade for me."
It was nice and quiet.
"That wasn't very smart. Nevertheless, I'll have someone bring you a new one."
"I won't leave your side, Sherlock."
"Why?"
"I know that all too well."
"You let someone else to do it."
It appeared that Sherlock was recklessly selfless, truly not caring what happened to himself so long as it kept John safe. He had said that the only way to take down Moriarty was to allow himself to take the fall with him... if he was right, no one should be hearing anything more of the criminal.
John snuggled into the blankets.
"You will see your end. Mark my words."
"If it weren't for my desire to protect you, I'd be dead right now. I would've let Moriarty kill me when he first got his hands on me if it weren't for you."
"I also care about you, Sherlock."
Sherlock broke it again. "Of all the things this case would lead to, doing this with you right now was at the very bottom of the list of what I expected." He said breathlessly.
"That kind of thinking is why you'll be backstabbed by your own lackeys in the end," he growled as he left.
"Sure thing." The owner looked at Sherlock.
John chuckled a bit. "I'm glad we are doing this."
"Are you only just realizing that? Anyway, the ever-elusive Mr. Holmes is with my partner right now. I can only imagine what they're getting up to. Perhaps I'll check up on them soon and send you pictures. Wouldn't want you to feel left out, would we?"
But how? He wasn't as smart as those two.
John sleepily looked up at Holmes. "Is something the matter, Sherlock?" he asked.
"I won't send anyone after him. All I want is you, Sherlock. If you come with me, he'll be safe from both you and I."
John only snored a reply.
"Yes I do, Sherlock."
"So what?"
"You should see a doctor about this."
"Think of it this way; if I am to die, Sherlock will die first. That's the only way I'll go down. :) - JMx "
"We can't leave remember? Moriarty won't let us."
John grunted as he suddenly coughed up blood.
He was alone in a hospital room.
"Oh dear. This is worse than I expected. This is
"Ah, well, it doesn't matter. I'll find out from Sherlock eventually. We're going to break him, you know? We've got the best tool in Britain now. With Sherlock, we can get whatever we want... not that we couldn't already."
That wasn't so clear. His new wife watched him from the entrance in concern... or was it concern that maybe Magnussen had not gone?
Sherlock appeared startled, rightfully so, as the guard collapsed to the ground. A few people glanced over at them.
He decided to let the Inspector know about this.
"I'm not, Sherlock!"
"It isn't. I like it." Sherlock dialed the number, but very quickly after smiled and pulled the phone from his ear, dropping the call. He snickered a bit, bringing his hand to his mouth.
"Dr. Watson?" Lestrade stood up. "I... didn't expect you to come back so soon."
Lestrade sighed.
"Shut up."
He needed to help solve this case as soon as possible.
He nodded and wandered away.
John just got up and put the dirty dishes away in the sink.
"The wall deserved it." Sherlock replied.
Sherlock looked back at John for a moment before turning back. "... He's not in here."
"No, I... I mean, you've..." Sherlock cleared his throat. "You've already answered the question before."
"He's lying to you, Sherlock. Tsk, tsk, tsk."
"I'm afraid that the advice I gave Sherlock was the best I could give."
"Almost pleasant?"
"I must be." He limped over to John. "Are you ready to go?" But then he thought for a moment. "... Actually, never mind. It's smarter if I go alone."
"I'm okay. SH"
John smiled back.
"Of course."
"Make a scene?"
"What do you mean, Sherlock?"
The Consulting Detective reached out and touched John's cheek. "Yes."
"Your dedication is astounding." Magnussen commented.
John sighed and resumed to eat his breakfast.
As soon as he left, John went over to Sherlock and untied him.
"I could actually stand him. You not so much."
John changed the bandage. "There. That should help. There wasn't enough pressure."
They then fell onto the bed.
"Why did you set all this up?"
As he was leaving, he bumped into Detective Inspector Greg Lestrade. "Oh," He muttered, "Sorry. Is Sherlock in?"
John just frowned and wheeled himself out of the room.
"That won't do you any good."
"So what do you know about the victim?" he said to change the subject.
"No, I quite like the breeze." He said jokingly as he rummaged through the closet.
There was another brief shuffle, and then he was talking to Mycroft again. "I think he's done talking for a few minutes. He gave the phone back to me and went back to looking horrified."
John panted as he nursed his now sore hand.
"I haven't lied to Sherlock!"
"Come on, don't play dumb with me. Let me guess: you think Sherlock's not really dead, don't you?"
He had no way of knowing what was going to happen. Would he even know if something happened?
"But you know, you also lost as well. You lost the only man who could go toe-to-toe with you."
"Say no more. If it's personal, I won't ask."
"Sherlock, you almost died several times! You're staying in the hospital to recover even if I have to make you! You are listening to me for once!!"
"I don't know, surprise me."
"I see. How's Sherlock doing?" he asked.
"I tried to, but you cut me off and told me you understood..."
He quickly sat up. "Sherlock, what's wrong?!"
"Yes, I'm sure."
Sherlock stood there awkwardly. After a few seconds of silence, he mumbled at John. "Uh, thanks. ... For... the help. With this bullet wound, I mean."
"It was an exchange! Not my fault Moriarty's snipers suck at hitting a moving target." Sherlock turned to the door, but Lestrade blocked his path. "Let me out, Gary."
doing here. Didn't you abandon poor little Sherlock?"
From somewhere in the darkness behind Sherlock, someone began clapping.
Sherlock put his scarf back on, and seemed to be more or less ready.
"Why? He's letting us do this now. For you, might I add."
John's eyes widened as he felt his anger start to rise. "He
"You won't like it."
He couldn't take much more of this. His own sanity was hanging by a thread.
"It's a slim chance, but he might just be able to pull it off if he's stable enough mentally."
"Sherlock was a goody-two-shoed little idiot. Face it, you just can't handle the fact that I so easily destroyed him."
He had always told Sherlock to stop with the drugs, but that appeared to be one subject Holmes would never listen to him on. In fact, with how sneaky the Consulting Detective had been about it in the past, it was entirely possible that he'd taken it recently.
"N-no! John, stay...!"
"Look, just trust me. I can outsmart him."
The detective-inspector sighed solemnly. "I wish I could've stopped him... They took his body away no more than an hour ago..."
This one showed Sherlock in apparent agony and discomfort with a knife against his pale, marked throat. Though it wasn't entirely made clear in what the photo captured, it was likely that Magnussen was now taking this sexual assault a step further.
John sighed as he walked in as well.
"Alright."
"You're the one who is pathetic!"
He began to dream again.
"I think you do know, though, at least one of them."
difficult. They're probably theorizing about my bizarre behavior now."
"Fair enough."
Were the texts from Magnussen? Were they from Sherlock? Or was Moriarty really alive?
Sherlock lowered his head and let out a sigh. He couldn't bring himself to hurt John, and he knew it.
Magnussen shook his head. "I will not deny the abuse, but it was not rape. Mr. Holmes was in perfectly sound mind and did not resist me."
The man's eyes widened and stepped back.
"You are a heartless bastard."
The figure stepped into the light and revealed he was himself! "
"Goodbye, Sherlock..."
"Sherlock..."
Sherlock looked down. "I certainly hope so..."
Suddenly, Sherlock sat up, seeming to have reached some sort of epiphany. "That... That bullet was fake. The one in the chamber was real, but the second was fake...!"
"Yes, you did..."
Trying to hide his relief and other emotions, Sherlock hid his face snuggled against the crook of John's neck.
Still, his heart rate slowly but steadily increased, and the stammering and trembling became more noticeable.
"So if he survives and recovers... what will you do with him?"
"I'm not going anywhere."
"What happened in there, Sherlock?" he asked.
John just laid there and stared at the ceiling.
Sherlock shakily managed to sit up. He turned his back to John, revealing his pale skin; it just so happened that he was in fact stark naked under the hospital gown. "They took my clothes and hid them somewhere," He grumbled.
He nodded and dialed on his phone to order out.
"At least let me treat your wounds or you'll die of blood loss."
"Oh, I see. He was using it to catch me off guard." he said; seeming a bit hurt but trying to hide it.
Apparently not having expected this question, Sherlock stammered. "Well... No. I mean, yeah, no. Of... Of course not. That would be stupid; love is a dangerous disadvantage in any and all scenarios. So, of course... I can't.
There was a gunshot, Donovan cursed, and she fired her gun twice. With that, all was quiet on her end apart from the distant panic of civilians.
Sherlock held him tighter.
Maybe he should just cut his losses...
John tried to calm him down.
Sherlock's lips parted to say something, but he opted to instead close his mouth with that comment.
Still, he couldn't be certain that he was entirely safe, so he remained standing rigidly in place.
"You don't have a plan?"
"Alright, Sherlock."
"I'm not leaving you." Sherlock whispered into John's ear. "Please, believe me... I'm doing this because I love you..."
"What is it?"
"Gh... J-... John...?"
"What happened?"
"Do you want me to take you back to your room, Doctor Watson?"
"Attacking armed police officers won't benefit him..."
"Yes he is, Inspector."
John sipped some of his as well.
"I'm right here for you."
, would you?"
"Am I?" He chuckled lowly. "I think he has me beat."
"You have to admit that in order to come crawling for my help, he had to be at his limit."
"Don't worry, I plan to." With that, Sherlock left.
Lestrade couldn't think of anything to say, too distraught himself. Finally, Moriarty began to quiet down.
Sherlock narrowed his eyes.
John looked at him quickly. "Why did you ask me that?"
"John Watson is hiding something, Sherlock... Can you trust him?" A voice replied.
"Yes, and he nearly killed our landlady as well."
John quickly pushed the nurse help button.
He sighed again and tried once more to go back to sleep.
Without really realizing it, Sherlock stopped pacing around and simply stood by the edge of the bed, looking down at John and watching him sleep.
Sherlock made no sound.
"Keep still, Sherlock. There. That should do the trick for now."
"Rest, Sherlock."
"I aimed for his left shoulder."
"Why do you keep going in there?"
"I'll never understand you, Sherlock."
"He won't touch you while I'm alive, my love."
"I would like to think that way as well. There have been times, John, where you've missed entire Wednesdays and not realized it." He said rather maliciously. "If I wanted to kill Molly Hooper, I would not have slit her throat and got blood everywhere. This killer is either a rookie or is trying their best to look it. But before I can catch him, I have to play his game."
"I'll give you the address where this happened."
"Feeling is a weakness. I can't show anyone a weakness."
John wheeled in front of him again. "I will not let you harm him!"
"About..." Sherlock cleared his throat. "About me having a crush on you..."
John was holding back the urge to throw something at her head as he watched her being pushed out of the room.
He put his hand out to shush John before turning away.
It felt nice to him to have John close to him.
"Why?"
John began to pace with worry.
"John," Sherlock began in a plea, but then he stopped and slowly began to laugh, quietly at first, and then gradually more hysterically.
Again, the question popped into his head of just where exactly Sherlock had gone.
"Yes, Sherlock?"
The good doctor snored a bit.
He seemed content to see John sleeping peacefully.
"Agreed."
"I lied. It looks like he got me pretty good. SH"
"My point is, Sherlock... Can you really trust anyone?"
"Don't worry, I'll talk the actual number out of him. It'll just take a minute." He resumed texting his brother.
John just smiled and sat on his chair; listening to his music like the old days.
Which caused him to toss and turn.
"I see."
"... had one of my men blow out the brains of your crush-" The hand quickly retracted itself back into the darkness, and with a gasp from the hidden culprit, Sherlock squeezed his eyes shut.
"John!" Sherlock held John back from any further attacks as Moriarty reeled from surprise of the strike and began to laugh.
"Cut the crap. Who's the target?"
"We should get some rest."
you."
"You did what you could. I wouldn't have done any better."
"Could be, Sherlock."
Soon Sherlock joined him. "My heart's pounding, but it's not an enjoyable excitement I'm feeling right now." He said. "Let's leave. No, first let's tell Lestrade something, then let's leave."
John laid back a bit on the bed.
"John, I..."
Noticing an advantage, and completely dismissing the idea that it could be a trap under certain circumstances, Sherlock stepped quickly toward the man.
He shook his head. "Not again..."
"And it's the truth."
Sherlock left John, returning to the interrogation room.
Sherlock huffed. "I think that's what he wants us to do, though."
John rubbed his back.
"You should rest."
"Come on, answer the phone..." Sherlock chewed anxiously at his lips.
"Horrified? What happened to him, Mycroft?"
Perhaps the genius intellect of Sherlock Holmes would be useful right about then.
So now the case and perhaps even Sherlock himself is depending on him.
"I need to talk to you."
John continued to sleep.
The good doctor smiled kindly at him.
She kissed him back.
"He can't possibly have too many snipers." Lestrade hoped.
Moriarty, for once, did not have a reply. He grit his teeth as if wanting to say something, but then closed his mouth and glared lightly.
"But doing that... I might lose you!"
"Hope so."
He wiped his eyes and slowly opened the door.
"Hope he can help."
Sherlock was there, his scarf tied differently to hide more of his neck than usual.
He smiled in his sleep.
"Alright then. Good night, Sherlock." he yawned and fell asleep.
"They're after me, Mycroft. I planted evidence against myself a little too obviously, and now I need to clear my name by finding the real man they should be after."
John panted a bit as the kiss was broken.
Sherlock looked down at him. He was going in for another kiss when suddenly one of the two cellphones in John's pocket started to ring.
"What is it, Sherlock?"
"The Inspector is on his way and I'll tell a doctor to send one to you."
"I see. That's daring of you."
"I wouldn't, Sherlock."
It was merely a nurse.
"Unless he didn't intend for me to actually die..." Sherlock seemed to be onto something.
"John, he would say whatever it takes to get me all to himself. Please... Please, you can't let him have me, John. We need to--... We... We need to..." Sherlock seemed struck by a wave of distraction, and could no longer entirely focus.
Sherlock looked at John, clearly confused.
Sherlock held him tightly, almost painfully so, burying his slender face into the crook of the doctor's neck.
"This isn't a joke."
"Please, step into the limousine, Mr. Holmes."
"But, John... What about us?" The way the Consulting Detective said the word 'us' suggested that he was talking about something other than their physical states.
"Sherlock, mate, can you hear me? Come on, hang in there!"
Lestrade nodded and grabbed his radio from his belt. "Get a squad car ready to escort Dr. Watson..." He stammered into it.
The good doctor groaned as he got up and staggered towards the bathroom.
He bit his pale lips as he struggled to resist to urge to slice her neck open with the knife he held in his trembling hand.
The doctor continued to sleep.
"What's the point? I'm no use to anyone anymore."
"What? Why shouldn't you?"
"How should I know?"
He urged the cabbie to go faster.
John held him back and smiled.
"Yes, I'm sure."
"Sort of proves that he and I aren't so different, doesn't it?"
, dear Sherlock."
"Moriarty was like an evil verison of Sherlock."
"I don't need to be protected. Besides does it look like I was?! I'm in the bloody hospital!"
"Well. Be safe, then, Doctor Watson. Leave Moriarty to the Embassy. I'm sure Mr. Holmes' older brother will have something to say to him."
"I just have a bad feeling about it."
"We're through, Sherlock. You made sure of that."
"Any idea what he's planning?" Lestrade asked.
"We have a case?"
Of course Moriarty loves taking credit for his schemes and devices. Maybe he could use that against him as well.
"Do you know what they did to him?"
"Hear what?"
John rubbed his back some more.
Sherlock watched him.
John smiled back.
Sherlock looked over at John as Moriarty fell silent.
It felt both peaceful and off-putting to be alone for once.
"John..." Sherlock's head was beginning to spin.
He wanted to know if Sherlock was alright.
Sherlock suddenly hugged him.
"No, I'm staying with John."
It was a black limousine.
"But why kill her of all people?"
Watson looked at the text.
"I may be lacking in tact when I say this, but this may impact whatever relationship you have with Sherlock greatly."
"You and Lestrade had better watch out for any windows."
Still, something felt... odd. The nurse almost seemed, not to be offensive to most hospital staff, too compliant.
"J-John, I... I'm..." Sherlock knelt down next to him and pulled his phone out of his own pocket. He frantically sent a text before bringing his attention back to John. "There should be an ambulance here in approximately three minutes and forty seven seconds..." It seemed as though Sherlock still remembered that old deduction. "John, I'm so sorry...! I didn't mean to... I didn't know I was even doing that...!"
"Pig."
"I guess that would've gone against his plan, but... I mean, he should've shot you. Unless he wanted you alive to see me commit suicide." Sherlock brought his finger to his lip. "Perhaps the goal was to make you suffer, not to kill you. But why focus on you? I'm the one he hates."
He got out of bed and followed after him.
Sherlock quietly looked at John, as if not quite sure what else to say.
She smiled at him sympathetically and pat his arm. The violin then stopped playing as abruptly as Sherlock would, and other customers in the restaurant started to murmur amongst themselves as the player stepped off of the stage and disappeared out through the front door.
"John! I wanted to," Sherlock called after him, "believe me, I did! But this was the only way to stop Moriarty. I shouldn't even be here right now. But... As much as I hate to admit it, I couldn't help myself. I needed to see that you were really okay without me."
"Your point?"
" He replied as he staggered a bit.
"But there's not just her," Moriarty pointed out. Sherlock shot him a look, but the criminal only wryly grinned at him.
"So, if we're dropping the case..."
"I just feel as though nothing good can come of this."
"Hey, hey, at least Sherlock isn't dead, right? I'm just forcing him to get his hands dirty for me. Too bad you wouldn't let him kill his older brother. I would've loved to have seen his reaction. - JMx"
"Come on, Sherlock. I know you can think of something."
There were none so far as he could tell. Perhaps he could try to text back.
John just sighed.
He slowly looked at it.
As Lestrade kicked the ground in frustration, his partner, Sally Donovan, stepped out of the car as well.
"I was wondering why you stopped responding to my texts! I've taken Sherlock's cell. Magnussen's having fun with him. Want pictures?" This was followed by a heart emoticon.
"You've saved my life more than once now. That's more than great to me."
He wheeled himself inside.
"N-no, I..." He shook his head.
John looked down before looking back at the sky.
"Yes, Sherlock?"
"Well by the way you're acting, I would say it's you, but I would like to think I know you better!"
"Charles A. Magnussen."
"How else would he react?"
John continued to sleep.
John looked a him and smiled. "Hello, Sherlock."
John then told him everything he had heard over com link.
John's physical wounds soon healed and he began treatment to help him walk again.
"It's not that bad..." Sherlock mumbled to himself through grit teeth. "I can just... hide the pain..." Even as he said this, the blood leaked over his slender fingers, coating them in a new, fresh layer of crimson.
"John!"
"And do what after we do?"
"Are you sure that's wise, John?"
"I will punch you again, Moriarty."
Sherlock began putting the scarf back on.
"Why? Because I have aspirations that aren't fueled by a desire to work on the side of the angels?" The criminal sung.
"I see."
"... John, I believe there's something you should know before I tell you to lay low."
The taxi driver asked him where he was headed.
"Is my younger brother still alive?"
"I just hope she can help you."
"There's no other way out of this. I'm sorry."
"I don't want to talk about it."
Moriarty paused for a moment before bursting into hysterical laughter. "You've really lost it, haven't you, Sherlock?"
The good doctor nodded.
"Fair enough." The 'detective', who now seemed to be a criminal using his bright mind for evil, turned his attention back to John. "Stay right where you are."
" Moriarty laughed as he took out his gun and fired it at Sherlock's head.
What, really, did he have to live for? Solving cases with Sherlock had become his whole world.
"Tsk, tsk, tsk. You're in no position to make demands." A hand appeared from the darkness and stroked itself along Sherlock's cheekbones, to which the consulting detective surprisingly flinched, and continued, "What do you say, Sherly? You wouldn't mind so much if I, maybe..."
"To keep you from yelling at me, but it seems like that precaution was useless."
"JOHN!" Sherlock cried out, before snapping to himself in a different tone, "John can't help you now. He thinks you're crazy! She thinks you're crazier still!"
"I'm in his limo again. SH"
After a moment, the door on the other side of the limo opened. Out stepped none other than Sherlock Holmes.
Sherlock leaned a little closer against him. "Thanks, John..."
"We'll see about that."
"As always, you're right, Sherlock."
"Well, if you change your mind, let me know." The owner turned to leave, but then turned back, "I'll get a candle for atmosphere." With that, he wandered away again; he seemed convinced that John and Sherlock were romantically involved.
The nurse stammered somewhat, embarrassed for having made such a mistake.
"I said I'm fine!" he said as he coughed more.
"Are we opening fire or twiddling our thumbs up our arses?"
Mycroft then slapped Sherlock across the face, hard enough to make him crumple to the floor. "Think, brother. THINK!"
, but don't hurt John..."
He looked over at Holmes a bit.
"You're giving me far too much credit, Dr. Watson. Sherlock?"
Sherlock looked nervous.
"That's true."
John woke up, dazed, in... 221B?
"He's... I-I couldn't find a pulse, but they're trying to resuscitate him..."
"I don't know, Sherlock."
Still, what if Magnussen tried to pull something?
The Consulting Detective tensed up.
"You sure?" Lestrade questioned.
"I'm sorry, hold on. Who did you say has Sherlock?"
"John..."
So he tried to hail one.
"Have nothing to say now, hmm?"
Slowly, Sherlock pressed the knife harder against her throat.
John panted a bit before coughing from the yell.
Sherlock sat up, rubbing his eyes with his thumb and forefinger.
Sherlock slowly took a step closer, beginning to lean over the table closer to Moriarty.
"Don't you want him to be safe?"
"Oh God."
"Just do it already, Sherlock." Moriarty said; Sherlock didn't know it, but he was now saying this aloud. "Why are you hesitating? John left. What he doesn't see won't kill him."
"You would have... almost died from a head injury and...." Watson told him the rest.
"You can't possibly know how I've chose."
"I... Love is a dangerous disadvantage, but... I love you regardless."
He slowly looked over at him.
"Don't worry, Sherlock. One will soon."
"It jumbled up everything... I'm trying to repair it but I'm doing it wrong, and it's making me unstable..."
"He did say, however, that if Sherlock wanted to leave of his own free will, it would be fair game... but rest assured that Magnussen will stop at nothing to twist Sherlock's mind into believing he is unable to leave. What we need is a way to prevent that from happening. Someone on the outside to keep him... well, alive."
Lestrade approached him, looking rather grim. "Sherlock, I wouldn't have asked you to come if-"
He coughed a few more times.
The Consulting Detective kept his eyes shut.
"So what's the plan, Sherlock?" asked John.
He sighed as he looked around some more.
"John told me about what happened to you, Sherlock. That must be terrible." replied the woman.
"Sherlock?"
He quickly sat up and wiped his eyes. "What is it?"
"You killed without remorse... You're no longer the Sherlock I knew..."
They began to get louder.
"You did, didn't you?" Sherlock asked, standing up now.
"He's right."
"Perhaps I'm just scared of it happening again..." Subconsciously, Sherlock glanced at John for a moment when he said this.
"A little since that nightmare woke me up."
"Is it? Can I do anything to take away your disappointment?"
"I'll leave you to rest."
"You do, Sherlock?"
"Are you alright, John?"
"I won't leave you, Sherlock."
"What hurts the most is he didn't listen to me..."
"Sherlock, John's a doctor. I don't think that was a recommendation so much as it was a command."
"Please be careful."
"Please come back to me safely."
"Upstairs, in the Freak's bedroom." was her only reply, referring to Sherlock.
He gave John a guilty look.
"Come on. You've gotta go." The guard said this and grabbed Sherlock, but instead of dragging him out of the station as would be expected, he dragged him to a door labelled 'STAFF ONLY'.
Sherlock gazed at him again.
"Hope you're right."
John quickly explained what had happened.
"Are you sure?"
"Oh, yes, Molly... Not that I don't believe you, but why would Sherlock lead us in the wrong direction if that was the case?"
John cocked the gun.
"Well, I..."
"Yeah, it's just... No one ever really hugs me."
"Yes, you can, Sherlock."
Sherlock jolted in surprise.
"Screw you, you bastard! Your insanity ends today!"
He stumbled away from the bed before collapsing to his knees on the floor.
"Well, as I said before, we found out that most if not all of the blood on him was his own."
"Isn't he?"
So did Watson.
"Sherlock, tell me everything now!"
"I didn't expect to be so
"You need me, Sherlock, and I'll stay by your side."
Sherlock breathed slowly.
"He wouldn't help me. He'd just
"Oh dear..."
"You're a special man, John. You tolerate me. Not even my own family could do that sometimes."
"Help's on the way, Mrs. Hudson." he told her as he held her hand and did his best to help her.
Sherlock quickly got up from off the floor and tried to make it seem like he had been pacing.
"John's safe this time... You can't make me not struggle..."
"This is the man who raped and beat Sherlock!"
"That can't be right. Sherlock was really injured."
"Syke!" He shouted and shot Sherlock in the stomach.
"I-it's alright... I can take care of you here, John..."
"Look, I'm only saying the tru-" She stopped, probably to dodge a bullet. "Jesus...! Wh-" There was one last gunshot. "Freeze!" Donovan shouted over the sound of something hitting the ground. "Put the gun down! I SAID FREEZE!"
Sherlock started to lean in closer to him.
Sherlock tried to go after him, but Lestrade stopped him.
"Are you going in there, Sherlock?" asked Lestrade.
"I just hope Sherlock survives..."
"I'm sorry, Sherlock. I had no right to yell at you like that."
There was a brief shuffle and a few murmurs, and then Sherlock's voice, cold and distant sounding, said, "Hello?"
Sherlock watched, but kept his mouth shut.
But was losing Sherlock really worth it? Without Sherlock, Moriarty would have no competition. He would win.
"Very tired though. But okay. I think. SH"
"Why didn't you tell me you shot Sherlock, Donovan?!"
He felt so alone.
"Yes, John?" Sherlock stepped closer to him.
"If no one's guarding us, they don't care where we go. They're confident that we won't escape them no matter where we go. So perhaps we should just leave here anyway. It's no fun, succumbing to fate."
John read it.
"No, Sherlock! Stay with me!"
"No, really, I don't have time. I made a mistake. I have to fix it
"Don't... Don't leave me, John."
"Yes."
Eventually, Sherlock finally stepped out of the room.
"I can't take this anymore, Sherlock. I'm tired of this."
about the killer's objective."
"Taking exciting cases is what we do together, right? If we skipped out on a case, we'd skip out on another, and then we'd never do anything fun together."
"My biggest question right now is probably why you decided to turn yourself in."
John looked on nervously.
"What do you mean?"
"It was brought to my attention that Sherlock was deemed clinically dead. I came here as fast as I could." The older Holmes brother said in his usual calm, detached way.
They somehow ended up tripping up and falling over the bed.
"Are you threatening me now?"
He needed to figure out where the culprit had gone and if he had Sherlock.
"I bluffed. Got you again, Sherlock."
"She means nothing to me. What scares me is that the 'someone' in question could've been you if we hadn't gone to see her."
"Well, slow down there. Don't you want to know what I need help with first?" He paused, then frowned. "I see. Fine."
"Sherlock..."
"Or is it because you think you've figured something out?" Moriarty smirked.
Sherlock placed one of his hands on the back of John's neck as he continued to accept and return the kiss. He was a surprising good kisser, considering he wasn't one to engage in anything like this very often.
Sherlock couldn't hear him over the voices. "Get off...!"
"Who?"
Sherlock stared at John. He seemed confused.
"Alright."
"Oh... Alright."
Sherlock tried to smile a bit, but to no avail.
"I know," admitted Sherlock. "I may have stopped Moriarty, but in a way he still won. There was no avoiding the draw."
John was happy his friend was finally getting some sleep.
"Sherlock?"
"Maybe that's for the best if John will die either way. I don't want to live if he dies."
"Yes."
"Mrs. Hudson?" Sherlock called.
"True but this means we're not safe yet."
"There was another body, though..."
Sherlock stepped closer, still holding the knife. They had both made the mutual promise to protect each other no matter what, and he didn't want to break that promise, but he had been left terrified of John from his "discussion" with Magnussen.
"Well, whatever he did, he must've been neat about..."
John curled up in his bed and began to silently cry.
"Yeah."
"But you're in pain."
Sherlock coughed up some blood.
"Yes, Sherlock?"
associate yourself with Charles Augustus Magnussen or Sherlock Holmes until I give the word that it's safe. I will have my men deal with this matter personally."
"I often wonder that myself, Mycroft."
"I'm not heartless. I'm simply honest."
"Who is this? Show yourself!"
"You were shot, weren't you?" he asked.
"I think I understand, Sherlock."
"What is it?"
"What do you think of me?"
"You know me. I don't want anything."
"Why did you do this?!"
The man looked Sherlock up and down, seemingly checking him out. Sherlock dismissed this gaze as meaning nothing. "I know everything about you emotionally. However, physically... I'm
Sherlock finally looked up.
"So you could poison me? No thank you."
Sherlock came back to his senses, and he slowly turned his head to look at his partner.
The way he had said that was strange, though. What good would it do Sherlock now? Unless he had faked his death, he wouldn't know whether John lived or died.
"I'm alright with it."
"John, don't leave..."
"You know who I mean."
"Oh~?" The culprit looked at Sherlock, seeming amused.
"Wait, wait, you're telling me that this Magnussen guy would have sexually assaulted me?" Sherlock asked, not getting just how far said sexual assault went.
"Sh-Sherlock...?"
"Then we meet with her at 10:30."
It was Mycroft. "It's been done. We got Sherlock back; I have him in the other room."
"Why do you think the reason is?"
"Are we one hundred percent certain of that?"
Sherlock nodded weakly.
"Of course!"
He was only able to catch a glimpse of his face before the car's door slammed shut, but he could've sworn that it was Sherlock.
"That stab wound."
"Look, I don't know anymore!" Sherlock shouted, mussing up his hair in an uncharacteristic stress. "Maybe it's Magnussen! Maybe it's Moriarty! Hell, maybe it's ME, but does it matter?! We can't solve this case no matter who it is! We need to step back before it's too late!"
Lestrade nodded and rushed out.
"Don't feed me that crap! It's over for me! You're dead and I'm left alone!"
"I had to do it, John...!"
"Fine. I just need your assistance."
"John." Sherlock said to get his flatmate's attention, his hands held behind his back as usual.
"What is it...?"
"Alright, Sherlock."
Sherlock looked at him.
"Yes, however you want it. But you're not answering my question."
"Either way, I still proved what I wanted to prove."
His new life started now.
Sherlock's head twitched suddenly, but the taller man shook it off. "Get some rest, John." He said, faking a smile that was, unintentionally, somewhat unnerving.
"Yes, Sherlock. Do it."
"Good grief, Dr. Watson, we were beginning to worry that you would never show up." said a smug, vaguely-Irish voice.
"Maybe I just have to make a scene." Sherlock concluded.
John growled and threw his phone across the room.
He grinned evilly at him.
"Heh, you can fight when you want to." Moriarty snickered as he finally managed to stand.
"What do we do if he doesn't...?"
"Not his fault that madman wanted to rape and beat him."
But then he thought if he didn't eat or sleep he wouldn't be able to fend off anyone that would harm John.
Once he was in it, Lestrade wheeled him to the morgue.
Sherlock turned his head to look out the window as he smiled a bit.
But wasn't he dead as well?
"I found out what I needed to know. Let's go." Sherlock panted in response. He started walking, albeit with a limp and with his hand clutching a part of his lower abdomen.
"To John??"
Why are you doing this? You don't have to play his sick game!" John yelled.
The other guards spotted the two of them and started to run over.
Mycroft picked up. "Yes, what is it?"
Perhaps that was what Sherlock wanted as well. They had reached what appeared to be an ultimatum; either Sherlock died, or everyone he knew did instead.
"... Hm."
John stayed silent.
"Sherlock, you are staying here to recover! Do I make myself clear?!" yelled John.
"Not always."
So that was it then. It was over for his old career.
Sherlock sighed. "... Fine. It's Moriarty, as you know, but his goal is to make me hurt you. I don't want that to happen..."
"You fiend!"
Sherlock looked at him.
"There are only two outcomes to what he said, but I'm not entirely sure which one will happen."
Sherlock was in danger. He had to figure out where that limousine was going.
Sherlock slipped on his pants and took off the coat to put on his shirt. His back was covered in bruises, bandages, and scars.
He sighed and looked away.
"What are we going to do, Sherlock?"
"Not really. You didn't tell me you tried to kill me so why tell me the truth?"
"Sherlock, are you alright?" John asked.
John was startled to see this.
Sherlock then dialed a number, making a call, which was strange considering he preferred texting.
"I'll be seeing you, Sherlock. Until then." Moriarty casually left them there, disappearing around the corner and heading for the stairwell.
She softly whimpered as tears overflowed in her eyes. "Sherlock?!" he heard John yell from behind him; seeing the whole thing.
"We have to come up with a plan of escape."
"I don't... think I killed Magnussen..."
So he sadly wheeled himself home.
"Ah, I see."
John ended up hugging him instead.
"N-no, I'm fine..." He pulled his hand away quickly. "This blood isn't mine..." He attempted to half-heartedly convince himself of this.
At that moment he knew the Sherlock he knew was gone.
Sherlock was content like this.
They were taken into a room with a double-sided mirror to watch.
"Oh, I wouldn't be so sure about that..."
"Sherlock...?"
"I guess I am feeling somewhat parched..."
"John..."
"Fish and chips please."
"Fine." Magnussen decided to take his leave now.
"I don't mind, Sherlock, and I don't think you're acting like a child."
Sherlock shrugged. "All the better for him. Isn't it easier to get someone once they basically have to restart? Though, given, he probably anticipated that I would forget you... Then again, if he really is clever, he would know that's impossible."
"But he's not here, Sherlock."
It was then that he woke up from the nightmare.
Maybe he should go see him.
"Why don't you figure it out yourself?"
John tried to smile back.
"Well, to put it bluntly... Yes."
"I know, Sherlock. I know."
He snuggled into the blanket and pillows.
"Fine..."
"The East Wind..." Sherlock breathed.
"Sherlock, no! Don't take it!"
"You're starting to scare me."
He nodded and made the call.
Sherlock looked over at Moriarty, but didn't seem very phased to see his arch-nemesis standing in the doorway. "Oh." He casually, flatly, spoke. "It's you."
He had a vaguely wistful look on his face. It suggested that he was tempted to surrender to Moriarty.
"How about me?"
"C'mon, Sherlock." He said as he roughly ripped the gag from Sherlock's mouth. "Say it's the truth. Admit your feelings. Else I'll take your silence as him meaning nothing to you, and I'll shoot him."
The good doctor sighed.
"Yes, for Sherlock's sake..." John hung the phone up and sighed in defeat before letting himself sob.
"Not a fatal shot?! Do you even know where you shot him?"
As did Lestrade. Assuming that Sherlock was done reasoning with Moriarty, it was confusing to see him keep returning to the interrogation room.
"I'd never hurt you."
Soon he watched as Sherlock came to the front of the cafe. Parked in front of it was a black limousine, and as he cautiously approached, one of the doors opened, and out stepped a man with a suit and glasses.
"We give him what he wants."
He continued to sleep.
Speaking of, the Consulting Detective was beginning to groan.
"Want something for your headaches?"
"Take care. For Sherlock's sake."
"Sherlock..." he moaned.
Sherlock took his sweet time in breaking the kiss.
But apparently he was already unconscious again.
He tossed and turned but he couldn't go back to sleep.
He tried harder to stop the bleeding.
"Yes, Sherlock?"
John shut his off as he slumped on his hospital bed. "Why, Sherlock? Why couldn't you listen to me for once...?"
"I feel like we're not done dealing with him yet." Sherlock replied.
But how could he prove it though?
And yet still it bothered him. He had so many questions, assuming it had been Sherlock there.
He quickly went to search around for the weapon; now starting to worry more about his friend.
"Hope it works."
John got off the couch and laid on the bed.
Sherlock's face flushed a bit as he kept his arms wrapped around the shorter man.
"We should
There was another gunshot, and then Lestrade was practically dragging Sherlock, who seemed fine, inside. Other cops in the Scotland Yard started to file out, preparing to take down the shooter.
"Do you, really? I can't help but notice you look a little disappointed. ... Did... Did you want me to have a crush on you?"
A few seconds later, Lestrade rushed in. "John, Sherlock's doing something crazy again." Upon realizing that the doctor was crying, however, his face dropped, and he seemed to realize that John already knew what Sherlock was doing.
He smiled back as he sat down.
"So what do you want to do?"
John snuggled him more.
"Oh, dear God!"
"I want to die."
"Get out of here!" he yelled at him.
"If you say so."
Sherlock couldn't help but smile a bit.
"Didn't have to get upset about it. I was only asking."
"Well then what do you mean? You want me to stop trying so hard to protect you? Because if so, just give me that knife back. I'll show you how lucky you are that I'm so hellbent on keeping you safe."
The phone already had Sherlock's number registered as a contact.
Sherlock walked to the door and carefully opened it. Poking his head outside, he saw no one. As he was closing the door however, from the down the hall he heard a vaguely Irish voice call in a hushed tone, "
That was all Lestrade needed to hear. As he was hurrying away, he radioed for backup at the hospital.
"Oh, it gets worse."
"Damn it! Then this call was a waste of time!"
Sherlock watched him.
"Leave me alone."
"Sherlock!"
"I don't need any of those idiots that think I'm a 'freak'. Just don't ever try to hurt me, and my opinion on the rashness of human error, that being attachment, will go un-conflicted." If things weren't already strange, Sherlock Holmes was now somewhat-indirectly complimenting John Watson, and saying the doctor was the only human he had any sort of attachment to. It was both somewhat sweet and insanely revealing as to how shaken Sherlock was to know who the victim of their latest case was.
John's face paled as he read the text. "We must hurry back to the flat! He might have done something to Mrs. Hudson!" he cried.
The good doctor panted heavily.
He shook his head. "I only just woke up. This is not something that rest can fix, anyway..."
Lestrade shrugged. "I'm worried, though."
He sipped some of it. "Mm, this is a good one."
For only a brief moment, Sherlock revealed the weapon, a jagged and bloody hunting knife. He had it in his coat pocket.
"You're so cruel."
"What do you mean?"
Moriarty needed to suffer greatly.
Sherlock froze up for a moment, startled by the hug, but soon relaxed.
John tried to rest as well.
"You're welcome, Sherlock."
"I hope he does too."
"Please, John... Stay back..." Sherlock mumbled.
Sherlock smiled a little.
Sherlock embraced the doctor.
John sighed a bit.
Sherlock returned to the interrogation room.
"Hello."
But who else could it be?
John gently pet his head. "We'll be alright."
"I'm sorry, it's just the way it has to be..."
"I'm not sure." Sherlock answered.
Sherlock tensed up for a moment, but then slowly slipped the scarf off.
"Yes."
Still he needed a plan.
"Yes, I understand."
Sherlock stared in awe as the culprit started to chuckle.
"Alright, Sherlock."
John's face paled as he feared the worst.
act?!"
The good doctor didn't seem to be very comfortable.
"Well, let me clean your hand and bandage it up so we can go back to sleep."
"Um... I... Okay..." Though he tried to hide it, his face was becoming a tad flushed.
"Alright."
Sherlock remained asleep.
Sherlock's head still hurt and he could still hear Moriarty mocking him, but this only made him hold John tighter.
"Upstairs." This time, the text was accompanied by a winking emote.
The culprit stepped closer to John. "I'll shoot him right in the forehead. I'll destroy his silly little human brain."
"It's
Sherlock stirred a bit.
"Who is it, Sherlock?"
"Well, I feel I should at least reward you for thinking outside of the box, unlike all of these other idiots, but I'm kind of stuck here."
"He has him again. C.A.M."
"Oh, don't be stupid. Get over here, c'mon."
Sherlock stood there awkwardly, his eyes darting around to make sure no further hallucinatory threats were around.
"John, I advise you stay back and pretend not to know me." Sherlock said as he remained standing still. After a couple of seconds, he gestured with his head for John to wander off and act natural.
"Then what?"
"You're going to regret it. Here's one last picture for the road."
The good doctor turned over and continued to sleep.
He could almost feel himself waking up, like he was in a now-lucid dream and kissing Sherlock would signify the end of it.
"What is it?"
Sherlock?!"
Sherlock pulled back, surprised by the blood that was now on his face until he became aware of his hold on the knife.
John didn't notice.
Sherlock let out a huff of relief and leaned his head against John's.
There was a pause.
John hurried up the stairs.
the Consulting Detective~.
"Magnussen." Moriarty replied.
John rubbed his back more.
"I can't let Lestrade get him first. The only way to do that..." Sherlock took the knife out of his pocket, removed one of his gloves, and proceeded to get his fingerprints all over the hilt of the blade. He then tossed it in the general direction of the crime scene. "... is to play murderer to buy him some time."
Sherlock smirked a bit.
He then thought about what John would say.
Over the phone, John could hear a loud explosion. The fact that the call remained unaffected implied that Mycroft was likely uninjured.
"I will be." Sherlock left the room. He could shortly after be seen entering the interrogation room.
He ran towards the screaming.
He kissed him deeper.
"I know, Sherlock."
"It's just your 'death' left me in a depressed state. I even considered to work with HIM to get back at Moriarty."
Sherlock's pale blue eyes began to water and he tightly gripped John's hand in his.
"Do tell." He sounded a bit bitter.
"I wouldn't want to kill off the only other person on the planet like myself. I think he just wants me to suffer so I'll revert and be like him."
"Did that fiend harm you in any way?"
"So what happened, Donovan?"
"... It was a personal conversation. I had a moment of weakness and I needed to talk to someone, and for some ungodly reason, I chose him."
Sherlock broke the kiss and stared up at John, being pinned under him.
"How?"
"I'm not sure if we can believe a word he--" Lestrade noticed when Sherlock pushed open the door. "Sherlock?"
"Oh, tell that to someone who cares." Moriarty utters, standing up and brushing himself off. "At least now things might get interesting around here. A little bit of head trauma always spices things up in the movies."
He smiled in his sleep and snuggled closer to Sherlock.
"Only way out of this is to the tell the inspector and catch the fiend."
He needed to find him.
"John, he won't be able to escape again. Not in the state he's in now." Lestrade said.
Sherlock snuggled against him as well.
"I'll try not to get myself killed. SH"
John's face paled. Sherlock had forgotten his time as a famous detective.
Oh, how he missed Holmes' violin playing.
Sherlock reached out and touched John's cheek, much like the Sherlock of his dream. "John, don't worry about me. I don't intend to leave you permanently."
C.A.M... What if Moriarty had taken Sherlock to Charles Augustus Magnussen?
Sherlock stared at John for a long moment before he spoke. "What do you mean?"
"Don't trust him, Sherlock! He killed one person already and sent another to the hospital just to mess with your head!"
Sherlock pulled out the bloody knife he had used to kill Magnussen and looked at it. He considered the consequences of using the knife on John, and decided to instead put it back into his coat pocket.
"Not a clue."
Mycroft raised a brow, looking at the pocket-watch. He soon shifted his vision to Sherlock with annoyance clear in his eyes.
His eyes shot open and the color drained from his face, leaving him wide-eyed and pale in horror; this is what Magnussen had whispered to him before he had begun his "experiment" with Sherlock's body.
Moriarty used his head to gesture at his two remaining men, and they approached Sherlock, grabbing his arms roughly and restraining him.
Sherlock began to open his eyes.
"Everything is a joke."
"Yes, Sherlock?"
"Never thought I would see this day."
Sherlock found himself alone suddenly, standing where the other him had been, holding the gun. Slowly, he looked down at John, the hand with the gun trembling.
"I know, Sherlock."
"I'll be seeing you, doctor. If you'll excuse me, though, I need to follow my own doctor." With this, Sherlock jumped up started heading for the exit. He stopped short, however, when he saw Moriarty in the doorway, blocking his path.
Soon, Sherlock came out again, if only just to check on him and Lestrade.
He got even more worried for Sherlock.
"My life means nothing if I can't protect you, Sherlock."
Now he just had to remember the time when Holmes almost had him.
"Yes, I know that, but..."
Sherlock shook his head. "No... No, I...
This picture showed Sherlock's face, bleeding and bruised and covered in faint hickies. It also captured the floor underneath him, and the top of Magnussen's head as the older man had his face in the crook of the Consulting Detective's neck and appeared to be sucking there again.
"If you say so."
Clumsily, the criminal genius fell down the stairs.
Hope rose in John as he looked at Sherlock and then suddenly hugged him tightly.
Sherlock poured John a glass, and then poured himself one too.
"I know Magnussen raped him again."
"I'm fine... I can do this..."
"Why not?"
John smiled and dialed the number of someone he thought could help.
"Donovan, get out of there!"
"Come on, Donovan."
"Don't... It's too late..."
"Yes?" he texted back.
"Yes... I hear it so often, even when you're not with me..."
"... John?"
"How are we to catch him, though?"
"What are you talking about?"
Sherlock thought for a long moment before lifting his head. "There's only one person."
"But what?"
"Sherlock?"
He quickly looked at the text.
There was no new text sent.
"Charles Augustus Magnussen is a madman with enough information to blackmail the entire country. If you think Sherlock and I know a lot, you haven't seen anything yet. My brother is much weaker than I. He's been used as a tool before in a case involving blackmail. We'd best pray that he isn't used again; I'll have no choice but to let the charges fall on him if it does."
"I wouldn't do that if I were you, Sherlock."
"That's what I get for getting angry."
His hand was fairly cold and pale.
"Make me confident that I won't..."
Sherlock sighed and turned his head away. Subconsciously, he muttered, "... What do you really think of me though, John..."
"What kind of advice?"
"It seems so, Sherlock." smiled John.
"Hello? Anyone out there?" he called out.
"Perhaps they just targeted me randomly. I don't know the truth anymore, I'll admit. But you and I, we're both pretty suspicious, aren't we?"
John carefully put the milk away into the fridge.
"Sorry, miss. There's been a misunderstanding." Magnussen said.
"Yes?"
John returned the smile as he checked on his hand.
Or how much he would miss the experiments he would do.
"Mr. Holmes--"
"That's not it. If you won't let me save him, then I'll want to die."
John held himself.
"Really?"
"Actually, I would."
Unconsciously, the Consulting Detective's hand began gently searching for the knife.
"I don't know. This might be a war we're stepping into, and we're short on soldiers."
"Well, I've technically already hurt him... Damned guy's leaking blood all over my damned trunk. A bit late for that plea, doctor!"
"Well? What are you waiting for, doc? Watch me die like you watched those soldiers die before you got shot. Watch your landlady and Sherlock's brother die the same way. I know you want it."
"I think I'm adapting. Not recovering, just... adapting."
Moriarty laughed. "Still got some fight in you, eh?"
He started to dream.
John continued to sleep.
Mycroft put his hand to his face, slowly shaking his head. "Sherlock, Sherlock, Sherlock... What on Earth am I going to do with you?"
"Wait on that," Mycroft argued. Lestrade, who was about to move forward, stopped. "Little brother."
"... Dinner?"
In fact there was a lot he never listened to what he had to say.
"Donovan, what the hell happened here?!" He could be heard shouting.
He doubted it. Sherlock was the most brillant man he knew.
Sherlock had been taken by Magnussen again.
He saw Sherlock there, swaying somewhat from side to side as he played the violin. He was in a room that John didn't recognize at first, but soon determined was Magnussen's living room.
He grinned as he wheeled himself back in.
Sherlock smiled again.
There was no response, but deep down John knew that it was probably Magnussen.
He couldn't help but think about the theory that Sherlock had brought up in his dream. Was it at all possible that Sherlock had merely faked his own death?
He would need a new approach, it seemed; Moriarty was too delusional and argumentative to sit back and take that kind of verbal abuse.
The screaming led him to a locked door.
He was completely alone.
"Did you really think I'd leave you? Maybe you really
He took out his phone and looked at the text.
John tossed more in his sleep.
"But, Sherlock..."
John gulped as he put the phone away and went on his way.
"That's better," he remarked.
"It's quite alright, Sherlock. I don't mind."
He chuckled softly and relaxed.
"Oh my God... N-no, John, I-I didn't...!"
"Guess where Sherlock is! - JMx"
Suddenly, Sherlock gasped. Shortly after, a sly smirk spread across his face. "Actually, we can."
"Of course I will, Sherlock." he smiled and laid down next to him.
"That's right, Sherlock. Don't say their names out loud."
He would need to find out what room Sherlock was in.
"Sherlock, why don't you remember me? I have been your friend and partner for years!"
But it had to be done. He couldn't let Sherlock down by quitting.
"Inspector, take the former detective out of my room."
"Most likely, yes," Sherlock said, allowing the dream to jump to lucid status.
After a brief moment of silence, Sherlock cleared his throat. "I... That was...
Sherlock then pulled him back.
"Sherlock, tell me what he said."
"You haven't heard the name before, but I have."
"I guess that's true."
Why should he care? He was betrayed by Sherlock.
He wished the cab would go faster.
John carefully took out a handkerchief and gently picked up the knife. "I think I found what caused Mrs. Hudson's wounds, Inspector."
to be another solution."
"You really
He could only hope that the situation would work itself out.
It led him to the kitchen of 221B. Sherlock's microscope was there, as if he'd been using it recently. The kitchen as a whole was still utter chaos due to Sherlock's messy nature.
"Just mind your own business and go."
Sherlock shrugged. "Surprisingly enough, I can't say those names mean anything to me." Looking back in the direction of the station for a moment, Sherlock paused once more before turning to face John.
Lestrade shrugged. "I'm not sure. This guy's a total whackjob."
"You'd find out if you weren't so stubborn, little brother. Think! What else makes sense? You of all people should know that there are a multitude of ways to fake a gunshot wound to the head."
"You heartless bastard!"
Sherlock seemed to become a bit relieved.
"Wonder why that is."
"I understand, Sherlock."
"Just call it a hunch."
He quickly got in and told the cabbie where to go.
"Th--... The--..." Sherlock let out a brief, quiet cry and held his head again.
"I'm not sure, but I think so..."
"Is that all?"
"I, unlike the good doctor here, am not afraid to admit that I admire you greatly, Sherlock. I would never lie to you. Not when we are so much alike..." The criminal said maliciously.
"Bloody hell..."
"No."
"Yes. He's like an evil version of you if you had turned to a life of crime."
Sherlock gagged once more.
John blushed a bit.
He quivered, almost able to feel the sensation of the man's hands running themselves down his sides.
John backed away, scared for his life.
"I hope it doesn't come to that..."
"John," he said. By God, it was really him.
"Alright, Sherlock."
Sherlock looked down.
"Really?"
"You don't have to, you know..."
"John... I'll do whatever it takes to protect you."
In shock, Lestrade had to take a couple of seconds to process what John asked. Eventually, he managed to nod.
Lestrade and Donovan left John alone in the room.
"No, none that are rational."
Sherlock slowly returned the hug.
"This isn't a game!"
Sherlock grabbed John's arm to hold him back. Moriarty took a clumsy step back and sniggered before spitting out a glob of blood.
As Sherlock poured himself another glass with trembling hands, he had an odd look in his eyes. It almost looked like he was going to cry for some reason and was fighting against it.
"I want to see the body."
Sherlock quickly looked away and cleared his throat. "Nothing, nothing, it's nothing."
"Or what?"
. It's for
"And I made it worse..." he said sadly as he continued to tell the Inspector what happened.
"Thank you, John..."
"Oh boy."
Sherlock anxiously chewed on his lower lip as he stared down at him. He could still hear Moriarty's words echoing throughout his head, and it was giving him a bit of a headache, so he got up and headed for the bathroom to see if there was any aspirin in the cabinet behind the mirror.
"But it feels like part of you is gone..." he sighed.
"You didn't break Sherlock yourself."
"Sherlock, calm down! I'm here!"
"Well, yes, I do."
"Would you like your cellphone back?" Magnussen asked. When he got no response, he slowly walked over to Moriarty and dug out Sherlock's cell. He tossed it at the Consulting Detective, who caught it without bothering to look.
He sat up quickly and was in a cold sweat.
Sherlock watched him.
"Be happy with her, John," Sherlock said.
crazy,
"M-... Moriarty..."
"He's already won, hasn't he?" The Consulting Detective put his head in his hand. "I mean, I can't think of a way out of this. He's got us in Checkmate."
John felt helpless to help his long-time friend.
Lestrade hung up.
"I hope so."
"What do you want from Sherlock and I?" he text back.
He happily kissed back.
"Make me." He smirked.
John's heart sank as those words stung him hard.
"Sherlock, why are you here?" he asked.
Watson blushed a bit.
"Something on your mind?"
Sherlock was holding his throat and choking. Judging from the blood pouring out around his fingers, it was safe to say that this throat had been slit.
"I'm honestly not sure." As he was saying this, he received a text, so he pulled out his cellphone. Looking at the message, he suddenly trailed off and stopped in his tracks.
"If he stops responding to texts, I'm going out after him."
"Mr. Holmes is awake..."
"You'll have to make time, Sherlock, or you'll fall onto your face."
She wheeled him to the room where he saw Sherlock unconscious, hooked up to several machines.
Sherlock looked away again. "No... No, I mean, of course it doesn't." He decided from this point on to keep his mouth shut about how his hallucinated form of Moriarty wanted him to kill John.
"Well, try again. He might have more on him than we do. Hopefully."
John couldn't believe it. Sherlock was really dead and left him alone in the world. He felt like his world was ending.
Sherlock looked in John's general direction and tried to weakly lift his right arm toward him, only to find this arm to be handcuffed to the bedframe.
"We don't need one." Sherlock muttered. "He's not going to stop us from leaving. He'll have no trouble finding us later on, wherever we are."
easily, did you?" The madman sung as his men aimed their guns at the duo.
"I had to make bacteria for an experiment." was Sherlock's explanation to the sudden absence of milk.
"What do you have on Mycroft that you want to use?"
He then punched him hard on the jaw.
"John Watson." Sherlock repeated, as if the name had struck a bell. "John Watson... God, where have I heard that name before?"
"Think rationally!"
John smiled sadly as he walked back over to his bride.
"But he told me to call you! How could he not be there?!"
Standing there was none other than Magnussen.
Sherlock nodded in understanding. "I'm sorry for leaving you out. But if Moriarty found out that you knew that I was still alive -- or if he ever even caught wind of me still being alive -- then the plan would have failed and you might have wound up hurt. Besides, at least one good thing came out of it for you." He glanced back at Mary.
Moriarty grinned. "Is there?"
this?"
"Not a thing." He answered honestly. "But who cares! I just have to meet this cleverness-doppelganger who so desperately wants me." He seemed almost lovestruck by the idea.
"Oh dear god..."
John sighed.
Sherlock pouted a bit.
"You're both scum." he growled.
"Whatever you say, John..."
"N-no..." Sherlock groaned. "They're fine... Magnussen won't fight them..."
at me, call me stupid, and tell me the East Wind is coming to get me."
"Fine."
"What are you doing here, Moriarty?" John growled a bit.
"This is a dream, isn't it?"
"John, I..."
"Don't worry, Sherlock. I'll be with you the whole time."
"Yes it's me, Sherlock."
"Oh, nice plan. Make Sherlock go insane. That is a real test of wit," John replied as he rolled his eyes.
"Inspector, get to the hospital!"
A nurse came in and helped John.
"I mean, look! Just look!" Sherlock was... beginning to cry?
His eyes shot open and he looked John up and down before beginning to spit out observations and deductions... most of which, however, seemed to get mixed up, creating weird, senseless, hybrid deductions. It was as if Sherlock was experiencing an overload without his Mind Palace, without being able to, in clerical terms, sort everything out and ignore it for the time being.
Soon enough, an ambulance arrived, as did Detective Inspector Lestrade himself.
As he did, Sherlock disappeared into his own bedroom.
"Oh please! Like I was ever right in any of our cases."
"Yes..."
John tried to go back to sleep.
"You'll find out when your time has come."
"Not yet. We can still beat him, John."
The Consulting Detective was quiet.
"Go away... You're not real..."
"This can't be!" he cried as he fell back.
"How can we?"
"What?!"
For some reason, this is my most bookmarked/subscribed-to fanfiction, so here's another chapter as an expression of thanks for everyone putting up with our weird, informal formatting.
The good doctor continued to sleep.
Sherlock walked briskly through the room, opening a brown door that blended in with the walls without even bothering to knock.
Lestrade sighed.
"Hey, I'm just the one with the camera." Moriarty replied.
"I am your closest friend, Sherlock."
"I just wish you could have trusted me enough to let me in on your plan, Sherlock. I can't help but feel hurt by your actions."
Sherlock opened his mouth to say something, but then he stopped himself. "I had an idea, but I don't think you would like it, so I'll simply tell you again to take the bed. I plan to stay up thinking for a bit anyway."
Sherlock covered his ears.
"I was foolish to think he would just let us walk out in one piece..."
He sighed as he laid back on the bed.
Sherlock seemed flustered. "J-John...?"
"... I've no better idea. Hold on, I'll send a message." Sherlock pulled out his phone and sent a message to Mycroft. "... Alright, he's sending us a ride. Should be here any minute now."
With an "Ah-ha!", Sherlock pulled his belstaff coat out of the closet and slipped it over his shoulders, blocking John's view. Shortly after, the gown slipped to the floor. "God, how can they get away with making those so incredibly uncomfortable?"
Sherlock did not answer, but he did look like he understood what she was getting at: it was cruel of him to show up alive after letting John grieve.
"Hello?" He heard.
John gritted his teeth in anger. "At least he had a heart."
The man quickly stepped into the limousine himself, closing the door behind him as the vehicle started to move.
"Christ, I-I can't feel a pulse...!"
He slowly walked inside the flat.
"You poor man..."
Again, he shook his head.
"Glad he's finally gone."
Sherlock kissed him once more.
"Perhaps I could strike him a deal."
His eyes drooped and finally closed.
"I... Fine, I'll call for backup. Keep on his tail!"
His phone was on the table beside him.
"Alright, Sherlock. Please do be careful."
"He would have beaten you in that room, Sherlock."
"Nothing..."
"Perhaps he wanted me to fake my own death somehow. Make you think that I'm dead, and force me to watch how you cope with my apparent suicide."
If Sherlock had gone completely mad, what would happen? Would someone be able to stop him?
"What?" He asked. "Why?"
"John... I... Sh-she was... She was going to press the button..." He murmured, trying to explain himself.
"Oh, how cute, Sherlock."
Mycroft stopped for a moment, raised his head as if to say something, but decided instead to bite his tongue and leave.
"Then that bastard never intended to let you save anyone."
"You are, John." Sherlock answered, surprisingly humble.
Suddenly, Donovan ran back outside. "Greg! You need to see this."
"Then why was I... always the one that got taken away in his stories...?"
Sherlock looked up at him.
Sherlock tried to appear unhurt as he got into the limo, but forgot that he still had blood on his face... not that the driver cared.
Sherlock gave John an odd look. "Why wouldn't it be?"
Sherlock seemed to squirm a bit. "I changed my theories." He replied, though likely this was also a lie.
"Call Mycroft. SH" These words were two words that Sherlock would never say, at least not without a "don't" in front of them, but there they were, in a text from him.
yeah."
It was a regular night in London. The subways were running, the city lights were glowing, and Sherlock Holmes was bored out of his goddamned skull.
"No, but I did get the license plate number."
"He had a goddamned gun in my face, Greg! What else was I supposed to do?!"
"What do you mean?"
Sherlock remained quiet, seeming to admire his partner.
"Don't say that, either. Hearing you say that breaks my heart."
"Sherlock, you need to eat and sleep."
"Fine."
"I'll get the ice." Sherlock offered, and headed into the kitchen.
"My knowledge for his help."
Sherlock kissed him as his hand found the knife in John's pocket and carefully wrapped his slender fingers around the hilt.
John started to get nervous.
Sherlock looked up at him.
John held it close in sorrow.
"Hopefully the good one."
"Thank you." Sherlock said meekly.
"You're so gullible, Sherlock. So...
He continued the hug as he rubbed his back.
"He's happy that we figured out that he's got an almost endless list of connections."
"He's one of Moriarty's goons. Must've wanted payback for killing his boss. Got himself killed instead."
"I can't bear to see you so uncomfortable, John."
"Only who they were. Lestrade didn't tell me anything else, or if he did, I didn't listen."
John tried to go back to sleep.
"Do it."
Sherlock was still for a moment before he shook his head. "This could be over in a heartbeat, you know? If I just stepped out there..."
However, it was getting to be late at night. Taxis would be sparse.
"You're welcome, Sherlock."
"She wasn't boring."
"Allow me to talk to him."
This John did notice and looked over at him. "Sherlock?"
"Eh, to each their own."
John got up and answered the door.
"Jo...hn..." Sherlock's voice was growing fainter, half because he was losing energy and half due to the blood pooling in the back of his mouth.
"I think so."
"Are you sure?"
"Don't do it!" yelled John.
"So what can we do?"
"I wish this was all just a bad nightmare..."
He kept stroking John's blond hair with his bloody hands.
"Then perhaps he really
"Uh, how about because you were about to be shot?"
"Remember what Sherlock always said; sometimes the impossible is possible. It's the only reason. I never heard a third person on the com link."
"This
you, Sherlock..." the doctor blushed heavily.
"Not sure yet. Some bloke with a gun, that's all I know so far."
"I have no idea where Sherlock went, Inspector, but Mrs. Hudson needs help now!"
"That happened before he aimed at me, but thanks for the help, Doctor." She said sarcastically.
"He wants you
"Thank you for that, Sherlock."
"Sherlock, it's me, John! Calm down!"
"You almost killed someone!"
"I will kill you for this!"
"... I honestly don't know where to go, though."
Moriarty stood there. He smiled at John in an almost mockingly-friendly way.
"How do you know whether or not he's telling the truth?"
"What? I would never do that!"
John growled and threw his phone across the room.
"You can cut out the act now, Sherlock." Moriarty said.
Which meant he must have watched Sherlock give it to him.
John sighed and went back to the apartment.
"He's saying your name again...!"
"N-no, it's... That's not what I'm saying..."
"Should have thought of that before planting your fingerprints."
"I hope I can find her."
"Why do you ask?"
"Hey, I'm just saying it how it is."
"I leave for half an hour, and the world seems to dissolve around me. I didn't send you any damn texts, J--" He checked his phone and stared blankly at his sent texts. Obviously, the texts John received were there. "I... I don't understand. I don't have any recollection of sending these."
"Don't you harm Sherlock!"
"I guess the only option is to risk it."
The woman looked horrified as John's eyes widened in shock. "Oh my god no it doesn't!"
He didn't dare to call out to him since the Inspector was still about.
"Magnussen and Moriarty are dead... I made sure of that. We're safe, John...! We're finally safe...!"
"I see..."
"Where have you taken him?" John demanded.
Sherlock went quiet, not having anything else to say, apparently.
"Sherlock? We haven't got all day here. The ambulance is going to be here any second now."
"A woman who worked at the morgue who had a crush on you."
There was a gentle, melodic knock at the door, and Sherlock's pale blue eyes flicked to the door. When he heard nothing more, his eyes flicked back to John, though he otherwise remained motionless.
' going?"
Sherlock hugged him back.
He seemed restless, but Lestrade didn't argue.
"Hmm, actually." Moriarty removed the gun and walked over to Sherlock and Magnussen. He stood beside where Sherlock sat, and aimed his gun at John from there. "I want to make sure Sherlock sees the whole thing."
The threat of awakening to a destroyed flat was something he would prefer, much to his own surprise.
John sighed as he gave up and started to eat his own breakfast.
Lestrade shrugged. "Okay, I guess."
You didn't really think I'd leave
It said, "Sherlock is doomed... Dear me, Dr. Watson, dear me."
"Because you were crackers."
After one stopped, Sherlock, for once, waited for John to get in first.
He loved her deeply and she loved him.
Sherlock stopped and marched back over to John. He stood so close, looking down at his colleague, that his breath could almost be felt on John's face with every word. "Who do you think killed Molly, John?"
John nodded and helped him out.
John had been his friend and companion for a long time. Did he really want to destroy all of that just to protect himself?
John got into the taxi as well.
"I must be losing my mind." Sherlock muttered to himself. "How could I ever even consider hurting my only friend..."
"Was it true?"
Lestrade waited for Donovan to get back to them.
"Answer me!"
Sherlock was tense.
"Thank you, nurse." he said as he took it.
"I don't know if you should be standing yet, but... I guess so."
"Yes, that is your phone."
John gently held him close.
"If he dies because of you, Donovan...!"
crazy...!"
"No." The Consulting Detective said, now a bit louder. "No. God, no."
"Just what?"
"I'm a doctor remember? I must be prepared at all times for anything." John said as he removed the bullet and bandaged the wound.
"Too much information... leaking..."
"I'm sorry you had to go through that."
"You don't have to be scared. I'm here."
"She keeps me here because she wants my company when she needs it." For a moment, Sherlock thought about that deduction. "... What a poor choice of acquaintance she has. Oh, and John, we're out of milk."
"You're welcome, Sherlock."
Sherlock gazed at him.
"John? Perhaps you'd better carry the knife..."
He hoped he made the right choice.
Sherlock bit his lower lip in uncertainty.
"We're trying to find the firepower to deal with these snipers!" Lestrade shouted at him as he holstered a gun to his chest. "They're goddamn everywhere!"
He gave up on hoping. It was time to face reality. Sherlock was dead and he wasn't coming back.
"What was that? Was that a gunshot?"
"You also kept saying, '
Mycroft hung up.
Lestrade shot John a quick glance before hurrying inside.
"Yes. I think the first assault from Moriarty in the head then the abuse and rape from Magnussen might have made him snap..."
"M-... my Mind Palace... It's... different now..." He said, a hint of fear in his voice.
He laid back down on his hospital bed.
The doctor growled and smacked him in the side of the head.
"Was that so hard?"
"I hope you burn in Hell, Moriarty!"
"Sherlock?"
"What kind of people?"
"But he said he wasn't going to help."
John hoped it wasn't too late.
Watson didn't like how this was going.
It seemed the snipers had gone. The car began to drive him back toward Baker Street.
The sound of knocking on the door made Sherlock jump.
Sherlock groaned in slight pain. "Don't... say that..."
"You're Sherlock Holmes, now smarten up!"
Soon Lestrade entered, looking somewhat disappointed.
John took a deep breath and told him.
"What are you talking about?"
"I almost expected more theatrics from him by this point. I guess blowing up Magnussen's home was quite showy, but still."
"Be careful."
"I'm just going to have to keep playing the game regardless, it seems."
"Shut up!"
"I need temporary housing arrangements then."
"I am?"
Through blurry eyes, he just barely caught glimpse of a door behind him.
They heard a gunshot from another room, and it caused Lestrade to tense up.
"John..." He whispered lovingly.
He laughed a little. "No, I meant it in a more casual sense..."
"You did? When?"
"I mean, it's bad for us, since it's an exploitable weakness, but..." Sherlock gave John a brief but welcomed smile.
"It's not a weakness, Sherlock."
"Alright, Sherlock." John smiled a bit.
"Not so good, Sherlock..." John sighed.
"J-John..." Sherlock groaned.
Sherlock held his shoulders. "Relax, John, it's me. You appeared to be having a nightmare."
"Goodbye, Sherlock, and don't bother me again," John replied as he walked back to his bride.
"John, don't say things like that. I need you with me. So long as you're safe, I don't care what happens to me; I don't care what happens to anyone, anyone but you. If you're safe, it's worth it."
"Care to offer up your idea on how? I'm curious."
"Someone's cranky." The criminal teased.
At this point, John felt the cold barrel of a gun press against the back of his head.
The detective closed his eyes.
Lestrade rushed in. He looked shocked and confused as he mumbled, "Sherlock... He... He escaped! I don't understand; I only left him for a minute and he was handcuffed to the bed, but...!"
Sherlock glared at Moriarty, though he looked almost uncertain as to where he stood in his conflict.
"Sherlock, please, do be rational."
He slowly pushed open the door and stepped inside.
"What'll it be for you and your date?" The owner asked. Sherlock didn't bother to correct the man, but simply looked at John as if asking him what he wanted to eat.
"How so?"
"Molly would normally be here..." He mumbled solemnly.
"If you say so." The criminal seemed completely doubtful of John's ability, and if anything was amused by the threat.
The radio was shut off from their end.
He found Magnussen sitting on a white couch, his arm wrapped around Sherlock, who was leaning against his chest and was still beaten but now fully dressed. Sherlock looked traumatized, and did not respond to John's entry.
"You'll have to hail a taxi... or whatever... Not sure what a cabbie would think of... a guy with bloody hands flagging him down..."
"I bet we're being watched already."
"John..."
"But that's exactly what he wants us to do, John."
"... You can't hear those whispers, can you?"
"What do you mean?"
Sherlock slouched a bit out of awkwardness. "... John? You... You look pale. Are you alright?"
"He hasn't, Inspector."
It didn't seem to be any use.
It was the last number in his history.
"Not when there's lives involved."
"He didn't help before."
"How?"
"My word... You
He began to look through Holmes' belongings.
"If you come with me, you won't get caught."
"Yes, I'm alright."
"I'm serious."
"I'd recommend texting him. Unless Magnussen has his phone, it's discreet and the best way to get hold of him."
"Is he a cop?" Sherlock's voice called from within his bedroom.
As usual, Sherlock didn't seem to care. He tried to keep shooting the wall, only for the gun to click. "Out of ammo."
"We use Sherlock as bait. He's not as smart as Moriarty."
"But you're safe here, Dr. Watson." Moriarty mocked. "I'm not bothering with you. No fun in that anymore. I mean someone else."
"Oh, butt out, Sherly."
"But don't you see, Sherlock? Wanting to protect me is why you were targeted!"
What else was there that he had to hope for?
Sherlock coughed.
He was still asleep, but appeared to be a little bit uncomfortable.
"And what is that? That you needed help to bring down Sherlock?"
John facepalmed.
This made Sherlock turn his head from John to Moriarty, who then smirked.
"Stand down!" Sherlock began shouting at the officers. "Don't shoot any of them! Stay inside!"
"Calm down!"
"Well, I'm sure we can rent you out a hotel room or something, then."
"And who might that be?"
." Sherlock stopped, his hands on his head. "Oh, that makes my head hurt. Don't say that."
"I know but we can't dwell on that right now. I must see the body."
"You better tell us, Sherlock!"
Sherlock stared at John with a strange face. "What on Earth do we have to offer someone like Mycroft? Our dying loyalty? He's already got most of the British government under his fingertips."
"I sent Donovan to track him down. In his current state, he can't have gone far yet... but I can't believe it! He picked the lock on his handcuffs and just... left! He's too clever and stubborn for his own good."
"But we have no other choice, Sherlock." John argued.
"Oh! Oh...
"No, silly."
He nodded and did what he was told.
Sherlock was nowhere to be found.
John just nodded as he tried to hold back tears.
The Consulting Detective froze for a moment before stepping out of the apartment, quietly closing the door behind himself.
"Say anything, Sherlock. Anything at all, and we'll know that Dr. Watson means the world to you."
"I wonder."
"From where?"
Lestrade stood.
John then chuckled. "Good point, Sherlock. How can you find him?"
"Sherlock..."
"You must have faith, Sherlock."
"I... I'm fine."
"Oh." He didn't sound too fazed, as if he was expecting this.
"I can't sleep again, but you can try."
The gesture made a shiver run down his spine before he stood up and began pacing about.
"You may be right."
John looked back at his bride and smiled. "She's the light of my life."
He pulled out his phone. "The wonders you can do with a brother who works for the Embassy." He remarked as he sent a text.
"It's theirs... I made sure, remember?" Sherlock smiled. "One may argue that disemboweling is a tad extreme, but it does get the job done." The man snickered.
He started to get concerned.
It was no use.
"Sherlock..."
After about five minutes or so, Donovan and Lestrade entered.
than I expected. I'm sending men to fetch Sherlock immediately before Magnussen has a chance to corrupt him." His choice of words was somewhat alarming. He hadn't chosen to say something gentler, but had instead decided to suggest that if left to his own devices, Magnussen may very well leave Sherlock broken and on the wrong side of the conflict.
He could hear Sherlock moving down the hall.
Lestrade nodded and left the room with the knife.
"I made a mistake. I need you to keep Scotland Yard busy for a while."
"Wait!" The criminal hollered after him.
The good doctor growled a bit as he watched him leave.
"If you're not well, you need to let me know. I can't do this alone." The words were rather hypocritical coming from Sherlock, who had spent most of his time thus far keeping John in the dark.
"Hm...?" replied Sherlock, who kept his eyes hidden in the crook of his palm while his head bobbed against the window from the motion of the limo.
"See? I knew it was true~!" The madman said as he turned around, aimed his gun at Sherlock, and pulled the trigger, to which the gun clicked.
"Wrong, but you're getting warmer!"
He deleted the message and put his phone down.
John continued to watch.
"We need to solve the case..."
"I... I can hardly think, John..."
He wished things were the way they once were.
He yelped a bit as he chuckled.
Sherlock stumbled past him, walking a bit strange. He didn't say anything in response.
Sherlock and Moriarty both looked at him.
Sherlock fell silent, surprised by the doctor's yelling, and simply nodded meekly.
" John demanded.
"It's alright, Sherlock." John replied as he walked to the couch.
Sherlock watched, his eyes widening though his facial expression remained otherwise blank.
John grunted as he held his stomach.
"Yes, I'm fine." Sherlock responded as he took a sip of his rather-overflowing glass. "Just letting emotions get the best of me. Ignore me."
"What do you mean?"
"I'm more of a target than I thought... I think the killer doesn't want to talk; he wants me either as a hostage or just flat out dead." He grinned a bit, however shakily. "Probably Mycroft's fault. They probably want info from him."
Sherlock raised a brow at him, as if asking for an explanation.
"I don't know if that would be a problem..."
"I hope he's alright."
be the day?" Sherlock replied bitterly as he got out of the limousine.
"It's the logical out."
"Perhaps so." Sherlock said; in contrast to Mycroft, his affirmation of this was genuine.
"Hello?" A nurse at the front desk answered.
The phone was there.
"Sherlock, calm down."
"John...!"
"To brag, really. I mean, I have finally won over Sherlock. He must have been surprised to find out just how intimately he knew my partner, ha ha!"
"Maybe I am insane. Maybe YOU'RE insane. Maybe neither of us are insane."
"Well, I'll let you rest."
"Bring me back to my room."
John wheeled to the door and opened it.
"Sherlock, calm down. It's just room service." replied John as he answered the door.
"We can't, Sherlock. He's won."
. I enjoyed that." He stammered.
Leaning heavily against the wall, Sherlock was able to stand on his own. "Honestly, though... I don't know if I can talk my way out of an arrest from Lestrade, even a temporary one..." He admit.
Sherlock resumed mentally purging things he'd remembered, as his current line of thought was still being overloaded by them.
Sherlock held him.
John stayed close by to keep an eye on things.
John kissed him back.
"What did he mean, Sherlock?"
Sherlock relaxed a bit.
Awkwardly enough, she left. Sherlock slowly started to relax.
He quickly kissed him.
Sherlock opened his eyes, gazing at John curiously. As they were still very close together, John could feel Sherlock's heart rate speed up a tad.
Soon their breakfast came to their room.
"Do it."
"Alright."
"What if we could use him?"
It was so quiet.
He nodded and walked with him.
"Tell me!"
"It's alright, Sherlock."
"Remember how my brother's the Queen of England?" He joked... sort of. "Come on, I need to fix things before Lestrade arrests me." He started limping again, however the limp was much more noticeable now, and he held his abdomen with both hands.
"I hope we can beat him, Sherlock."
"I never mocked you, Sherlock."
"Th-that's it for the day. You may make another appointment for another time."
"Oh, to hell with it, maybe he's giving us a hint. Hail us a taxi, John."
John blushed as he kissed back.
Undoubtedly, he would be thought insane. Hopefully someone would understand...
"Alright, Sherlock."
Sherlock turned to Lestrade. "We'll be following shortly in a taxi. I just need to have a few quick words with John first."
"I went into depression over your death."
"D'aww, it's okay, Sherlock. Soon enough, John Watson will be dead, and you'll never feel anything again. How does that sound?"
"Sounds good to me."
John's gripped tightened for a moment.
"John!" Sherlock grabbed the handles of the doctor's wheelchair, trying to tug him back.
"Whatever helps you sleep better at night. Wish you were here. Sherlock seems to have removed the gag around his mouth somehow, and he's only shouting about you. Where's John this, what did you do you to John that. Yaawn. Maybe I should shut him up."
"Are you sure?"
"Got it." Sherlock announced.
"It is?"
"I suppose, but what does your suffering matter to me if I'm dead? I wouldn't be around to witness your despair. It doesn't make sense..."
John quickly looked over at Sherlock.
Sherlock looked at him again.
"Do what to me?"
"Don't you dare harm a hair on him!"
John carefully enter the vehicle as well.
Then he realized it was only John.
"I..."
"John," He gasped quickly. He looked pained, as if he'd been running despite his wounds.
"Yes please, nurse."
John teared up and hugged Sherlock tighter.
"John." Sherlock said after him.
"Sure thing."
"Alright. Bring him back safely."
"So what do we do now?"
His phone dinged.
"I'll try again."
"I'll help you the best I can."
The station was chaos around him.
"Don't worry, Dr. Watson, she's in good hands."
"Sherlock..."
"I'm sorry but you have to get better. I don't want to lose you."
Sherlock snapped out of his thoughts and watched him. "... John?"
"Please eat, Sherlock."
Sherlock's lips were quivering ever so slightly. "... Fine. I'll be there." After a pause, he added with obedience in his voice, "
The hand re-emerged and this time ran itself down the length of Sherlock's long neck.
John got closer to him. "Sherlock?"
Moriarty continued to laugh.
"Hm?"
He sighed in relief.
He was running; trying to find Holmes.
"If I start caring too much about the victim, then it might cloud my thoughts. I can't let myself care. But not caring is for some reason difficult right now." He confessed. "My actual reason for bringing you along is selfish; I want someone to talk me back to my senses if I seem to slip, even if that someone happens to be another person who knew the victim."
"If you shoot him, everyone's blood will be on your hands. If you really want him dead, let me shoot him. The blame will be on me."
That made the good doctor blush.
"I..." Sherlock tried to think why he thought that, but seemed to have immense difficulty and only caused himself to gain an even worse headache. "I don't know..."
"He..." Sherlock groaned and shuddered in disgust, an emotion not common to him. "Never mind. I... I can't talk about it right now."
They began to grow louder.
"Really?"
"I never said you were right. You gave Sherlock support. Of course... Not even you could stop him from playing right into my plan."
"There is a chance that in court, he might be found not guilty if he can convince them he doesn't remember doing it..."
When she was out of the room, Lestrade came back in alone.
His best bet was probably to return to Baker Street.
"It's Greg, dammit."
Moriarty shrugged, a confident smirk on his face. "Look, Sherlock. He even knows who I am."
John nodded and quickly went back to the limo. "Sherlock, wait."
"Yeah..."
John smiled sadly. "This is the last time I'll ever get to hear you play, Sherlock."
"Like what?"
"Sherlock, no. You're not getting yourself killed."
"I'll say it again. I'll never understand you, Sherlock."
"No, it's quite alright, Sherlock.
"John." Sherlock said from the doorway.
"Th-that can't be..."
"... Odd. Both disgusting and... almost pleasant."
