His legs propelled him through the thick snow faster than any normal human could go, following the general direction of the noise further up the mountain. A minute later and there was another smattering of bullets, quickly followed by what sounded like return fire. It was still faint, but growing louder with every step Steve took. Five, maybe six miles, give or take.
“Play me the recording,” he whispered to the AI, feeling the words catch in his dry throat, “the one of the night Howard and Tony had the fight.”
The sigh he’d been in the middle of drifted slowly into a sheepish smile when Natasha nudged the boy’s foot and then muttered something to him, nodding over at Steve. He watched Tony turn, spotting him through the crowds a second later. When his eyes softened and his mouth turned up, a really uncool part of Steve wanted to speed up his pace just so he could get there sooner.
Steve looked up at him- Tony- battle-worn and and tired and bruised, but alive. Steve hadn’t failed him, Tony was still here.
Bruce came into the bathroom and pulled Steve out of the shower after JARVIS failed to persuade him to, and he dried Steve off and wrapped him in a bathrobe and then asked him if he wanted to go to the communal area where everyone else was. Steve wasn’t sure whether he said yes or no, but it must have been the former, because then he was on the couch surrounded by his team, every last one of them silent.
“You,” he tried, before stopping and re-evaluating, making sure that he hadn’t just hallucinated that, “you love me.”
“Sir,” JARVIS said once again, and the whole team looked automatically to the ceiling, “it appears social services have arrived at the tower and are requesting entry into the penthouse.”
“I won’t let you do this, Steve.” She looked at him from the elevator, her hand extended, forming the small force-field over the edge of the panel and barring Steve’s escape. She was still in her nightgown; hair flowing over her shoulders and eyes flecked with little bits of sleep. Her icy stare didn’t waver. “You’ll destroy the universe.”
“I’ll make sure to let you know,” Steve finished, even though that part was a lie too. He’d rather burn his favourite pencils than put any more of his problems on Mr and Mrs Wilson’s shoulders. They had done far too much for him already.
“You know, you’re not very good with subtle distractions, are you?” Steve cut in dryly, looking up at him through his lashes and smiling when he saw Tony’s eyes widen a little. The boy opened his mouth and frowned, but then Steve saw the tell-tale red begin to stain his ears, and knew he’d caught Tony out that time.
It was only then that he realised Dad and Pops had moved, resting a hand on each shoulder while he leaned forward on to the table and hid his crumpled face in the crook of his arms.
It took a split second for Steve’s stomach to plummet right down to his shoes. He froze up, feeling a horrible tightness start to wrap around his heart, and his feet had stumbled down the steps before he knew what he was doing, hand almost going out to reach for Tony before he stopped himself in fear. “What do you- I don’t understand, what do you mean, ‘breaking up’? Why would you want to do that?”
Tony looked at him for another second, before nodding and then rolling onto his back and shutting his eyes again. His hand didn’t let go of Steve’s, which was just fine with him. He glanced at his watch: 4:14 am.
He told himself to take a breath and steady himself. He told himself to stop thinking of Howard- of the boys at his boarding school, Ty at MIT. Steve... Steve wasn’t like them. This was different. Steve had reasons- he wasn’t violently natured, not at all, there wasn’t a bad bone in his body. Everyone loved Steve, because Steve was just loveable. A hero.
Steve just sighed, and then lifted them both up effortlessly. “I think we’ll do just that, actually.”
The answer was no. He didn’t. And every part of him was itching to go back there, right now, and check. Tony wasn’t safe. He just knew it. Something felt wrong; there was that gut instinct, those hairs on the back of your neck that told you of danger before your other senses even registered it. Steve’s body was thrumming with adrenaline he didn’t rationally need, already having made the decision that his brain didn’t want to land on just yet.
“Yep- and don’t worry, I promise she won’t break down this time,” Tony told him as Steve shut the door behind them and then turned out into the street.
the way that guy looks at you? Jesus Christ, Steve, you could spit on him and he’d probably try and bottle it.”
It was Steve who gave it up in the end. Sitting down robotically in the chair opposite Tony as he worked on his table and looking at him with dead eyes as he’d said that this wasn’t working any more. That Steve needed to leave. That it needed to end. Again, in hindsight, he knew he wasn’t fucking thinking straight. His head was off somewhere that not even Steve himself could describe, but at the time, it seemed like the only course of action left. And Tony… Tony didn’t argue. Tony had just put his pen down slowly, exhausted and defeated and broken, and had nodded his head once.
Again, Tony was silent for a few seconds before grinning. It was staged, even Steve could see that. “When there isn’t alcohol within five feet of me at any given time, yes. Now come along, Rogers- gotta get you home to momma, ‘kay-”
. He should be at some high-brow school for geniuses, or making his name out in the science world or whatever the fuck, not stuck in some average public school getting high every other week and with no other reputation other than the fact that he was easy. It just didn’t seem fair.
“Man, believe me, I’m staying outta this one,” Sam raised his hands and followed behind him, and had the audacity to look offended when Steve just laughed at him.
Thor looked at him apologetically, but beamed when he caught Steve’s eye. “Oh I know,” he said, “but seeing as everything’s already gone to complete and utter shit, I figured we might as well simply congratulate Steve on a job well done.”
He froze, but then pulled himself together and nodded. “Yeah, course,” he said with a smile, “head’s hurting a little bit. Been thinking of the armor too much.”
Tony was smiling at him softly as he leaned forward and touched their foreheads together. “I’ll be fine, Doctor Rogers,” he said lightly, “I’m very good at looking after myself.”
“Today you woke up and ate two gluten free waffles, before stealing the remainder of Clint’s cereal to be petty.”
“You bet they are,” Tony responded, walking further in and then dumping everything onto the table. The team crowded around, hands reaching out to grab their assigned stuff. He watched Natasha’s eyes sparkle happily at the new suit, felt the pat on the back and heartfelt thanks Thor gave him when he pulled out his new reinforced strap from the little mound of inventions. He spotted Steve’s eyes on him and quickly delved down into the mound, pulling out a USB stick from the bottom. “New training program for you, Cap, don’t worry, I didn’t leave you out.”
“Oh,” Sam poked him in the butt with his foot as they both made their way down the stairs, “Darce is downstairs, she’s having dinner with us until her parents can pick her up.”
Steve bit his lip; the last thing he wanted to do in that moment was try and sleep again. He was terrified of what else he might see if he did. “Can we go down to your workshop?” He asked softly, “you can get back to whatever you were doing. I’ll just… draw, maybe.”
“That won’t work,” Reed told him, and the words split through whatever modicum of determined hope Steve had been holding onto, damning him to hell, “Steve, I’m so sorry—”
“I understand, you know,” she told him eventually, “and I believe you if you say that you were provoked, because I know that you wouldn’t just do this for nothing. I’m not trying to be difficult here-“
He was cut off when both Steve and Bucky launched projectiles in his direction- a pillow from Bucky and a bottle of antiseptic from Steve. When he turned back around, Tony’s smile seemed as if it was sticking to his face a little bit. He glanced over to Bucky for a moment before turning head down again. Sensing he wasn’t exactly in the mood for jokes, Steve shot Sam a warning glare. Sam seemed to realize, though, and quickly held up his hands. “Okay, okay- just go gently on me, Tony, alright? It’s my first time with Advanced Trigonometry.” He batted his eyelashes, and Tony chuckled quietly.
“Fuck, Steve, what the fuck happened to you? You weren’t answering your phone, you’ve been gone nearly an hour! We thought you’d been fucking kidnapped!”
Steve’s noticed. And now they’re probably going to have a long and awkward conversation about boundaries, where Steve tells him he needs to stop wearing his clothes, which will suck, because Tony
Peggy, because she was at the best angle, spotted him first. Her face broke into a smile, and she waved. “Just in time, Steve!” She said, “we’ve nearly finished construction.
It had overwhelmed him the first time, and that feeling hadn’t changed much the second time ‘round either. Steve was still finding his jaw dropping in awe as he stared up at the grand building in front of him.
It was all very… domestic. Like a little snapshot into a universe in which he and Steve could have this, permanently.
Something sunk in his chest, and he felt a strange clenching, churning sensation begin deep within: fear.
God, he was adorable like that. Ridiculous, covered in paint, and adorable. Steve just smiled, because he couldn’t help himself, and then leaned up to kiss a clean section of Tony’s cheek. “No shit,” he said softly, taking Tony’s hand and leading him over to the desk where he’d clocked some baby wipes. “Come here- I’m gonna wipe off as much as I can, but seeing as your bedsheets look pretty fucked anyway, I don’t think it’s ultimately going to matter much.” He paused, before adding, “this is mostly just for me. I don’t want to be cuddled by someone who’s covered in paint. Not a good look.”
It was hard to believe, even now, months on, that he had this. That not only did he get Tony for himself, but that he had influence over him. Not in a twisted or manipulative way- God, Steve would never- but just… it meant so much. That Tony had given him the power to hurt him, because he trusted that Steve never would.
He stopped walking, a billion things in his eyes as they locked onto each other across the grass. Tony tried to take the next step down, but his knees gave out and he stumbled, slipped forward. But it was okay. Steve caught him by the elbow, gentle as he could make it, keeping Tony off the ground and holding him steady. All the air in the world wasn’t enough for his lungs. Tony was
“I’m gonna be so good to you, Steve,” he promised softly, nodding once and then swallowing, “I swear to you.”
“Mr. Wilson is currently on his way to collect you,” Fury told him in the end, looking back down at the files in front of him, “Banner, your social worker will be the one in charge of collecting you.”
They kissed through it all. Tony liked that especially. He wasn’t sure why, but he’d thought that there would be less of it. But Steve’s mouth was always on him, in some sense. And there was hand-holding, too. Their fingers interlocked above Tony’s head, grip tight and grounding and wonderful. Tony loved Steve’s hands. Definitely loved them even more after tonight.
And, of course, barely a second later they were pillow fighting in the middle of the living room whilst Sam sighed and attempted to break it up. This signaled the end to any homework attempts, obviously- and they all accepted their fate ten minutes later when they packed the books back into their bags. Mrs. Wilson probably wouldn’t be too happy at the fact that both her boys had landed themselves with about five different detentions, but that was the nature of school, wasn't it?
Thor laughed as he backed off and sauntered away. “Oh, Steve,” he shot back, head turning to look at him for a moment, “I’m not sure he’s stopped worrying about you since the moment you met.”
Tony breathed out, the sound of his smile. “I love you ‘like, a lot,’ too,” he said, his voice both gentle and amused.
The sensation of unyielding stone told him that he was waking once more. It was a relief and a horror at the same time.
“I’d just hand it all over, if I were you,” Steve whipped around, watching with disappointment as another guy, definitely the oldest, stepped up from the other side of the road, effectively cornering him. There was no one else on the street. Just Steve and three guys with bodies like treetrunks.
Tony shut his eyes, like he was physically trying to burn the memory of this into his mind. When he opened them again, they looked at Steve with the sort of reverence he’d only ever seen in people at galleries, staring up at masterpieces.
When Steve was supposed to turn left in the corridor, however, he turned right instead. He wasn’t sure at what point during the walk he made that decision- maybe whilst he had been thinking of the way he’d have to look happy when Director Fury praised the excellent way in which he’d brought Tony Stark into their custody in under 48 hours- but whatever it was, it was a strong enough compulsion that it sent Steve in the totally opposite direction. He marched confidently over to the entrance of the stairwell on the other side of the corridor, nodding to his colleagues as he passed them, and then continued the same brisk pace as he started to make his way downward, going through floor 1, floor 0, before finally arriving at his destination on the level underneath the compound. Fury would probably chew him out later for missing the meeting, but Steve couldn’t really say that was the most pressing matter on his mind just then.
“It—” Reed sighed, running tense hands through his hair. He shut his eyes. “It would tear a hole in the timeline. You’d go into a temporal loop that you could never escape from and the whole of reality would collapse around you, to put it lightly.”
SHIELD agents do the rest of the heavy lifting, while you sit and take the praise for it, okay?” He scoffed loudly and then turned on his heel without another word, marching down the corridor in that stupid swaggery way of his. Steve kept his mouth shut and took a few deep breaths, steadying himself. Rumlow was the least of his problems right now, after all.
Steve was about to ask how the fuck one could get those two things mixed up, but there was a sudden upsurge in movement and noise in the cafeteria, and he just ended up huffing instead. Fucking kids. They were so loud. Slightest sign of conflict and they were swarming like vultures, Jesus.
There was a sudden blaring from his left, and he jumped about a mile in the air as he stumbled out of the way of a beat-up truck with an angry boy staring out the window at him. The books in his hands almost went flying- it was only sheer determination that kept them in his grip.
Alright. Okay. It was just a house. A ridiculously big, expensive house, but still- a house. He could find Tony in it.
Tony could definitely get on board with that idea, and two seconds later, he was clocked out in Steve's arms, hoping against hope that Steve was wrong and that deafening screaming would not be a problem for the rest of the night.
“God, sweetheart, I missed you too,” Steve breathed with a wet smile, reaching out to brush the tears off Tony’s cheeks. He hovered close, keeping Tony’s hands near to his chest as he leaned down and placed another kiss over Tony’s forehead, their eyelashes brushing as he pulled away. “We’re gonna… we’ll get through this. We will. I have to go for a few days, okay, we’re gonna… we’re gonna track down Thanos, Bruce probably told you, right?”
Coming back home was always nice. Warm. Lovely. It was hard (although not impossible) to feel glum when he knew what was waiting for him upstairs. It was a bit of a gamble as to what exactly he got- whether it be a Norse God or an Archer or all of them at once- but Steve didn’t mind. They were all family to him anyway.
Sometimes he wondered if he would ever actually get through into Tony’s head that he gave more than just a half-damn about his fucking wellbeing. It felt like a losing battle, every time they did this.
Bucky nodded, and Steve looked less than pleased by the outcome, but didn’t speak out. “Me and Buck will cover you. There aren’t that many left anyway- it should be fairly easy.”
“I wouldn’t put it past them,” Natasha responded darkly, “the guy didn’t specify though- why? What have you found?”
Steve rolled his eyes. “Please, could you at least keep this vaguely private? I don’t want Sam’s house getting trampled by half the school wanting to join in or something.”
"Okay, here's an idea," Natasha said after a few seconds of heavy silence, her eyes analyzing the baby. Better than Steve's
"Stop reading my mind and stealing my mystery Pep!" She laughed and then left, fingers swiping carefully under her eyes to save her makeup.
"I'm okay," he lied when he felt fingers tangle in his jacket sleeve. "You're all here, and we only have to get through today. They aren't allowed near the tower and only in a small section of the compound. Once today is over we won't have to see them again until they prove to Carol they're ready to work as part of our team."
"Okay. Tea is not my thing, but this is my favorite of everything you've made me so far. Keep in this vein, Brucie-bear. No more of the flowery herbal crap."
"Jarvis taught her," Steve murmured against his hair. That... hurt, but not enough that it kept him from smiling. Of course Jarvis would have. The man he'd known had been an amazing cook and happy to share the knowledge with anyone he cared about. STAR would have easily been able to charm her way into his heart
came along and now Tony won't even look at me. I thought you'd be satisfied with that, but now... now Bucky? You think you can just come in here, dragging some poor imitation of my best friend with you like a dog? I bet you haven't even helped him get rid of the programming, have you?" The pity and bewilderment that had been welling up abruptly turned to anger, but Rogers wasn't done talking. "You're holding his leash and you brought him here to try and steal the last really good thing in my life."
Sometimes he wondered what the hell had made Tony so gun-shy about showing real emotions about the things that mattered.
"Maybe, but you shouldn't. You're Captain America too, or at least I hope you got to be in your world. You would be a great Cap."
"Oh, go take a long walk off a short pier," he fumed, almost ready to suit up the rest of the way to take out the trash. If only the thought of being
Harley sort of appreciated it. He wasn't going to be able to sleep anyway, and with those little hints of light he could make out the silhouettes of Laney and Peter. They were sharing his bed while he kept watch over them from his armchair. Laney had crept into his room first, citing a bad dream before crawling under the covers with him. He hadn't minded the way she hugged him too tightly, or how she kept bumping against his injured knee - he was just careful not to wince hard enough that she would notice. It had been years since his little sister had sought comfort that way. Last time he could think of was right after they'd moved to the tower.
would live a lot longer than he would. This just drove that home in 4k crystal clear HD. His borrowed time had started a decade ago, and he wasn't going to get another extension like that. Steve said he wasn't going to leave again, but soon he was probably going to be living in this world without Tony beside him.
So as he sucked down his first bottle of water, using manners his ma would smack his bottom with a wooden spoon for, he deliberately ignored the other people in the room. Because he wasn't a wasteful jerk he refilled the bottle from the sink instead of just grabbing a new one. Clint and Nat made fun of him for it; Tony had put some kind of filter on the faucet and never mentioned it again. During that second bottle he didn't have to think so hard about not listening to anyone else, and by the time he was slowly sipping at the third he was busy thinking about whether he wanted to spend the rest of his afternoon painting or if he'd rather go for a walk. In fact he had almost forgotten that anyone else was in the room...
"Fuck no. I'm not a monster. Didn't let him keep the furry bastards either though. Tony set up a shelter for them."
“Okay, that is not even close to the most important… c’mon, dad’s gonna be down soon. I need you to focus, Iron Mom!”
“Yeah, well. Anybody touches you like that again and I’m gonna have ta leave to get my shield. So you maybe wanna…” More blushing, and Tony hid another smile in Steve’s shoulder. If he took a good whiff of the way the guy smelled at the same time that was his own damn business. It wasn’t his fault the cologne the man wore mingled perfectly with his preferred detergent and the layer of just plain Steve that underlied it. Sometimes he wanted to just roll around in that scent like a cat enjoying catnip.
"We are Steven's closest friends," Lokes said with a shrug. "Of course we will stay at his side until the threat is over."
Opening his eyes was probably the scariest thing he’d done in a long, long time. If Steve… if Steve wasn’t really there he was going to fall apart. Getting drunk would only be the beginning and it would probably be the start of the downward spiral that finally did him in. But it felt so damn real, and their interaction had lasted so much longer than usual. Tony felt awake and Steve was still there, so maybe… maybe it was really him. Maybe it was safe.
"On the cave troll situation." Harley was calm and collected, his armor a shining beacon as he cut through the battle. His kid had moves, and later he'd make sure to tell him that. "He's headed for Viz, could use backup if anyone's available." Wanda immediately disregarded her orders and left the formation guarding the Tesseract. A torrent of cursing overwhelmed the comms, and Tony saw Natasha visibly keep herself from running after the little idiot to yank her back to her post.
Tony had thought he was done being brave. He hadn't thought he had it in him to make any more leaps of faith, would have sworn he would never put his heart in anyone else's hands for the rest of his life. He'd been ready to commit to the life of a hermit, with only infrequent visits with Rhodey, Pep and Vision. The message the universe was clearly trying to send had finally been received loud and clear - he was supposed to be alone.
"I didn't... from what Howard said I didn't think you hugged," Tony said quietly, sullenly, fingers closing into fists in the back of Steve's shirt. The gesture brought every protective instinct he possessed to the forefront. His arms went tighter as he fought the urge to growl - Howard wasn't around to intimidate, and there wasn't any reason to make Tony uncomfortable. The guy who was Iron Man probably wouldn't want to be treated like he needed protecting anyway.
“I can handle myself you know,” he felt compelled to point out. Didn’t matter that he could feel his heart swelling, or that he was already tucking himself even tighter under Steve’s protective arm. “I’m a big boy.”
Steve kept pulling until Probably-Nathan was about a foot away from Tony and then insinuated himself into the space between them. He locked his arm around Tony’s waist in a firm, almost proprietary manner that had his heart picking up speed. Steve was glaring at Maybe-Debbie while pulling him out of her clutches, and when her claws had finally let go of his suit jacket he couldn’t help but melt gratefully into Steve’s hold. Being touched by a friend was different than having two horny twenty-somethings panting after him.
"It's alright. Yell-y squirrels ain't close ta the worst thing I've seen. Ya don't scare me, mister," he added to the squirrel in the most serious voice he could muster. The girl - Doreen, Stephen had called her - rewarded him with a giggle. "And I ain't been rude at all, so don't keep on yellin' at me. Scold Mr. Doctor Strange all ya want though, 'cause he can be pretty grumpy." More giggling, and Doreen didn't look quite so much like she was on the verge of tears. "What's your pet's name, sweetheart?"
He couldn't help but snort at the request, fighting the smile tugging at his lips. She couldn't know that she'd won.
Tony cheered when Vision launched into the air and headed for the dome over Strange and the rest. The android wouldn't do that if one of the Black Order was still after the Mind Stone - the cave troll must have been downed for good. They were almost there - they'd almost weathered the assault. Vision phased through the barrier, and he was sure that fight would be over soon. No way evil Jedi could take them all on at once - it was fucking insane that the villain had lasted this long against so many Avengers at once.
"Okay. That's... fine. Good. Great. You should learn from the best. Any guff from you and you'll be grounded and your only 'patrol' will be sweeping the 'shop to find and fix the errors of your metal brothers."
"Even better! I'm all yours kid. Now put that away and let's talk about what we're working on. We can absolutely focus on your stuff, we can play with some of the things I'd been working on before I was forbidden from coming down here, or we can do something new? Or we could each work on our own stuff too. My 'shop is yours, at least until we build you your own."
“It was nice to meet both of you, but we need to be going. Away.” Tony had to turn his head to hide a laugh in Steve’s shoulder. The soldier was awful at this being tactful socially shit - he wasn’t even trying to be subtle or offer a good excuse. “Have a lovely rest of the evening.”
"I've been here almost forty minutes, Tony." Wait, what? "JARVIS tried to tell you, but you kept ignoring him. Said I could stay long as I didn't touch nothin'." Dum-E took that as his cue; Tony hadn't even noticed that his eldest was standing close to Cap's back. Really close, actually - too close, bent near in half as he poked forward at the tennis ball the First Avenger held in his hand. Tony felt his eyes go wide and he pointed in a way that was probably a little overdramatic. Cap immediately hid it behind his back though, looking like a kid who'd gotten caught stealing cookies. It made Tony feel a little better. Dum-E gave a plaintive whistle and followed after it, probably in a bid to get Cap to throw it. "This don't count. It's his'n he wanted to play is all."
It would be unfair of him to make Steve do that. His fear was pretty stupid, all things considered. The Defenders weren't half bad, even the ones he wasn't all that fond of. They felt like... it was stupid, but they felt like family the way it was supposed to be. They bickered and squabbled sometimes, and they definitely didn't all like each other. But if push came to shove? They would absolutely band together and kick ass. He thought Jan was annoyingly cheerful, for example, a flighty little fashionista with no tact and questionable taste in men. If anyone else said anything bad about her? He would happily end them. That was
Maybe Steve wasn't out of his reach; maybe he never had been. It was time to let Howard Stark's words go. He needed to stop listening to his father's ghost and needed to start believing that he was more. That he deserved more.
A diner somewhere no one would think to find Tony Stark – a blind Tony Stark. Something, some shadow of the future shivers down his spine. He did this to himself; he needs to acknowledge who he is. It’s been a decade since the accident and for all those years he’s been denying everything. He failed to mourn. He cried for the death of his mother and even for his father. He grieved over the loss of his parents and his loneliness as an orphan at the tender age of seventeen. He never mourned for himself.  Tony’s no stranger to self-pity but he engineered his way out of dealing with his blindness. His brilliance defeated him in many ways because he never explored what life could be like or offer as a visually impaired individual. He always thought of
Before Steve could answer, the door to the workout area of the hotel swung open and Tony charged in. “Oh, for God’s sake, there you are. Shit, I’ve been looking everywhere for you. I thought maybe you jumped off the building or fucking put yourself in the hotel freezer.” Steve jerked in surprise as Sam chuckled. “It’s bad enough the Prince of Hammers is still having a fit about the soul mark – which I have to admit you might need to deal with it because Bruce and Thor together it’s getting very, very weird. Reminds me of a buddy cop comedy gone horribly wrong.”
He speaks lowly, not wanting to disturb their perfect peace. “Is it bad that I want to keep you? That I never want to let you go?” He runs a hand through Blu’s mane. Not confessing how very safe he feels, an elusive emotion that Tony’s been chasing all his life. Maybe the weapons, the armor are all manifestations of his pursuit. All he really needed to do was to find Blu.
“Just instinct and what Ma needed,” Steve whispers. “Just relax. It’s sometimes nice to have music playing in the background. But this works too.”
She pats his hand. “Go before I change my mind. Skye isn’t one of my girls you know, she’s her own woman.”
“Now, now, Agent Barton. You either do this or your youngest dies. It’s simple.” Pierce grinned and Steve swore he saw the devil standing in front of him. Pierce focused on Steve. “You like vampires so much, I thought you might enjoy experiencing what they love about humans.” The older man’s attention snapped to Clint as he grappled with the agent but couldn’t get free. “Feed him or I will bring your child in here and slit her throat.”
“With Captain Rogers, it will probably take years considering he does not have a family to bond with nor any close friends. His synchronicity is isolated and off. The likelihood of him actually having a pack with multiple members, as I mentioned, is small.”
“But it tells me a lot I need to know.” Wrapping an arm around Steve’s shoulders, Tony leans in and whispers, “You’ve taught me more about life than I learned in all my years.”
This Tony demon continues. “We had a team. We fought evil. We – well, sometimes you and I butted heads, but we always, always had the best of intentions.”
Hopping to his feet, Tony closes the distance between them and cups Steve’s chin in his large hand. His thumb catches Steve’s lower lip. “Exquisite. Everything should be more pleasurable for you.” The prince holds Steve’s gaze like a moth dancing with a dangerous flame, but then abruptly breaks it and steps away. “I have some meetings this morning. You’re free to do as you please. But be back on the ship ready for a private dinner with me. Pepper will assist you in anything that you need.”
Blu muffles his disdain as he settles into the water, shaking his head to scatter the water droplets.
“Bruce isn’t feeling well,” Tony said. “The stress doesn’t help him much.” Tony stroked his hand down Steve’s arm. Even with the tinted windows, Steve spotted the weakness in Tony’s motions, the way he leaned against Steve.
Rumlow laughed. “Course they don’t, Cap. They don’t got a beating heart.” He smiled at Steve as the elevator stopped to allow more Corps agents onto the car.
Quiet descended. Even the nurses to the sides of the lobby and the security guards trying to manage the crowd stopped to watch and listen.
She leaves after he smiles and tells her he'd like to sleep now. He lies on his bed and stares at the ceiling. He counts the little dots on the ceiling tiles. He doesn't respond to them when they come in the room. He ignores the doctors and tries to drill down into his own head, searching for himself. He finds nothing. They move him to a private room in the psychiatric ward. He should be insulted, but he's anything but insulted. They allow him to wear thick robes and shuffle about in his slippers all day. He watches the television incessantly. He's hungry for it. There are so many wonders he's forgotten. The injury took away. He eats and sleeps the television. He reads magazines front to back even the advertisements. The doctors seem curious and observant. Lots of doctors shuffle by him, asking him questions, probing him. He feels like their lab rat. He ignores them for the most part.
He takes the glasses off and a headache pounds like a sledge hammer in his face. What has become of him? Age and disillusionment didn’t turn him into a tyrant, did it? “I wanted Steven to like me. I wanted him to trust me. What did I do?”
“What is wrong with you? Calm down,” Sam said as Steve’s kicking upset the tray table, knocking it over and the phone with it. It tumbled to the floor.
“Isn’t that just you?” Steve says as they continue to move up the side of the incline. He hears the slow groan of the Hulk behind them. They don’t have a lot of time.
The fourth level it has not experienced. It tried. So many times it tried. The threats were always there, but it never acted so that the punishment might be to be refrozen. It longed for the cold, for the ice. For the days when her eyes would see it. Nothing saw it now. The guards, its masters, trained it. Three times a week, it would be trained to do another chore or accept another experimental torment.
“That isn’t Steve!” Bucky jumped up. His eyes raged, his cheeks heightened with color. “He didn’t like guys. He went on dates, with me. I found him girls.”
“You know if you need more to eat, all you have to do is ask,” Tony says as he goes to the side bar. It’s more of a butler’s pantry then a simple bar. Pulling out a bottle of wine, he doesn’t even glance at it – he just works the cork out. He lets it breathe. “What would you like? I could ring for food.”
“Well, that’s no comfort,” Steve had replied because hell he got beat up daily. His warrior instinct was strong. Yet, Bucky wasn’t an alpha and Steve had to fear for what was to come when his body grew healthy enough for a true heat and not a peri-heat that he had every few months. He could handle those himself, locked in his room for a few days. It wasn’t too bad.
“Like that worked the first time,” Tony said and Steve swallowed down the urge to spit back a reply. He just wanted the man out of his home.
She shook her head. “No, just here on a sabbatical. Exchanging ideas with some of the research staff.”
The horror on Luke’s face is mirrored by Steve’s features. He truly hates it and shifts a glance at Tony to confirm he heard correctly. As Luke drops Steve slumps in his seat not really watching the rest of the movie. When the end comes, he’s distracted and cleaning up the popcorn and waters.
Fury eyes him and flaps his one wing. He picks up the dossier. It is a clear rectangle about the size of a sheet of music. “This is it. Get him to change his ways and all will be forgiven.”
The tears burn his eyes and he closes them, trying to will away the feeling, the hell brewing inside of him. “No, he needs to find someone else.” He builds up the strength, works on it so he can respond. “You can’t have an Omega you can’t trust. Fealty is built on trust. Ho-how can he trust me --- when he thinks I hid stuff from him on purpose?”
“Because, young Stark, you hold onto your human world,” Thor said. He gestured to the bedroom, the mansion at large. “You hold on and keep your human life.”
“Yeah,” Steve said distractedly. He needed sleep. He needed to think about what had happened and why. “He’s different. You said.” He rubbed at his face and wished she would go, leave. He ached for sleep, for release. He wanted to lose himself.
Steve urged Tony on, but he’d stopped. He didn’t want to cross that line until Steve was ready – plus he needed more time to trust as well. It was strange in a way. Tony had become more stoic after his experience while Steve grew more demonstrative and expressive. They’d switched roles in that regard. Now their relationship developed and expanded until Steve became part of Tony as an arm or a leg. The thought of parting from Steve brought him close to hysteria. He knew it wasn’t as healthy as it should be, but hell, to him, nothing about the situation was healthy. Their powers complemented one another and built on one another. Tony saw it as a natural extension of who they were, what they were. Plus, it offered Tony something he’d lost on that roof in the blazing sun. It offered him faith and hope. He’d thought those ideas and emotions had dried up and flaked off much like his body had in response to the sun. Yet, Steve’s tentative steps back to humanity and his growing strength in his recovery reignited the same hope and faith in Tony.
Tony doesn’t watch the landscape, doesn’t care for the white clouds in the too blue sky, or the fields of late summer wildflowers swaying in the gentle winds. All he wants is to get back to his lab and to kill the fear striking a rapid beat to his heart.
Remaining silent, Steve tightens his embrace even though his body falters and weakens in Tony’s grasp. He feels a part of Captain America dying and he scrambles to fix it to mold it back to life. “Steve, you don’t have to give anything up. People believe in you not because you’re selfless but because you give of yourself.”
Steve bows his head as he stands by the sink. Could they have made it over that moment? Could Steve have broken down and revealed what really happened with Bucky? How the alpha rage had poisoned him and he couldn’t bond with anyone. The calming influence of being with Steve had helped him. But during his urgency not even Steve could get through to him. Steve submitted to him, and it wasn’t about sex. It was about pain and rage.
“I have sensors in the room. It connects with the implant in my head via Bluetooth believe it or not and helps me. Just using Dummy here to get into your space. I didn’t add sensors in there.”  Tony grins and gives a slight squeeze to Steve’s upper arm. It’s nice.
He wants to ask what bridges. He wants to beg and ask what the hell is going on in modern day New York City. He doesn't. Is he a coward? A fool? Or too much in love?
Tony snorts out another bout of laughter and then, turning, waves behind his head. “I’ll see you at 10, Rogers.”
Clint chews on his lips and shakes his head. “I can’t. I can’t tell you, but I’ll tell you this much, it eats on all of us every day that we can’t go out there. That we are literally stuck here.”
“Sounds like a plan?” Steve’s mind whirls and he teeters on too much happiness. He’s heard of cherophobia before but never quite believed it. Tony salutes him and races out of the mud room through the kitchen and up the back stairs. Steve follows him trying to quell all his doubts and fears that happiness is just a fleeting emotion. Entering his room, he looks down at his red feet and they ache. He needs to shower again. Part of that conclusion makes him smile, even laugh a little. This time though he jumps in the shower and quickly goes through the motions of cleaning. It takes less than five minutes and his feet haven’t even defrosted all the way. He dries and then hangs up his towel this time. Dressing in jeans, t-shirt, and hoodie, Steve heads back toward the kitchen. He thinks about stopping off at Tony’s suite, but stops. He hates to think that Tony would consider it too forward, like Steve’s expecting something beyond a kiss. He passes Tony’s room and goes directly to the kitchen.
“In the middle of hell.”  The cloth moves down to his back and Steve startles, comprehending both that he’s lying on his stomach and that the man is touching his back. As if on cue, the man says, “You got some remarkable wounds here. I have no idea how this happened. They’re not bullet wounds, or any other kind of shrapnel that I can tell. Right now, I think I’m the leading authority on embedded bomb casings.”
Tony shakes his head. He doesn’t want to play around with the serum or Steve’s consciousness until he’s talked to Richards and Logan’s arrived. “He’s safe? Right now?” Tony turns to look at the doctor for the first time. The man is older than Tony, but his eyes are probably kinder. He hasn’t seen the devastation and the betrayals that Tony’s seen over the years. “He’s not in any danger.”
Steve doesn’t look like he believes Tony, but he succeeds in folding his wings close to his body. His strength spent, he wavers but Tony steadies him.
Tony pauses, second guessing what the hell is happening, but then he ends up at Steve’s side, helping him back to bed, seeing the injuries he endured lighter, less deep. But the protuberances on his back still present, though dimmer, more toned like his flesh.  Steve is on his hands and knees, crawling aimlessly around the floor as he quakes through some kind of strange pain.
Before long, Tony’s had his second orgasm of the night with Steve swallowing down his come as they let the water cascade around them in the shower. They kiss for a while, easy and languid. Eventually they finish up the shower and tuck into Steve’s big bed.
“No, no you’re not, but neither are they,” he said and swallowed down the feeling of betrayal. “I’m sorry.” He need to invoke secrecy – he needed a confidant. He needed Nat.
Richards eyes them and then nods. “I can share the recording of the call. I kept it on file because of the subject matter.”
“Bring us somewhere we can find shelter, preferably with connections to the outside world,” Tony said. He can’t see a thing, only lion mane in his face. “Fuck.” He can’t fucking believe he’s got a full-grown lion in his arms and he’s not dead. “Just stay calm, Blu. We’re almost there.”
“Come Tony. Here, I have something for you.” Ana reached into her sewing bag, something she always brought on long trips. She handed Tony his lion toy, properly fixed and with a little red, white, and blue collar. The collar had a star as a clasp with the lion’s name etched on it.
Steve’s not sure how to react to Tony’s word and he’s partially happy that he can’t, that his face feels numb and the words he tries to formulate muddle in his mouth. Seconds later, Tony moves away from the gurney. Steve listens to the gears of the armor whiz and hiss as Cho’s technicians begin to hook up electrodes onto Steve’s chest. He already has IV’s in place.
Coulson drops his hand but lifts it and studies it like it’s some foreign object fallen from the sky. As he turns his hand over, Tony continues, “You need a lock.” He rounds Coulson and opens and closes the door. “What the hell. You don’t even actually have a lock.”
“Just a dream,” Steve mimicked. “I wish. I was taking a shower after my run. I just – I felt him. Like he was right there. Touching me. I felt him.” The realism of the dream shattered him, the images the feel, the exhilaration of being with Tony.
They stepped into the elevator. The guard passed his identification card over the scanner and the elevator closed. “Hope you’re not claustrophobic. The lab and prison level is down below.”
After he checks at a kiosk to ensure transfer of his baggage to the Commando, he moves to find Pepper at the lounge. He’s lucky when the Honor Guard assigned to the small suite of rooms shows him into the main sitting area because Tony and Tiberius are absent. Pepper sits at one of the desk console and busies herself with work.
“If my services do not live up to your standards, I assume you would like to break the bond?” Steven asks. There’s a hunger when he speaks those words, as if he’s goading Tony into it. “You could send me back to Nod and have me put down.”
“Are you so sure?” Tiberius scoffs at him and Pepper steps aside, disappearing into one of the adjoining rooms as if she cannot wait to escape the man’s presence.
“A ’42 Harley? You have got to be kidding me! I’ve always wanted an old Harley. Where the hell did you get it?” Steve says and he sounds like a kid at Christmas.
Steve agrees and somehow Tony maneuvers him out of the shower and onto the closed toilet. It takes some doing but he gets the wet shirt off and slowly towel dries Steve. The marks on his neck from the garrote are faded.
Deep in his heart, the Silver Knight knows the distance across the crevasse will defeat him. He glances sharply over his shoulders and spots the horde of demon warriors closing the space between them. He’s made a desperate mistake. He came to close while spying on the lot of them, the Red Knight’s hold where the demons gather had been his mission. To watch and report back to his Keeper. His fate affords him no grievance or leeway. Surely death will be his reward for being seen.
“Can you do this? I need you to be strong. I need these people to back me if we want the chair.” He purposefully uses the word we to emphasize that the High Alpha Chair also means the omega by his side attains status as well.
“Fuck me,” Tony said and then corrected himself. “Make love to me. Make love, my heart of hearts, my sun in the night. Make love.”
“Mutilation is a strong word.” Ross tilted his head and sucked in his lips as he gazed down at Steve. An obvious power play for him to stay standing.
He turns to see Steven freshly dressed, straight shouldered, and remote standing a meter away from him. His hands are at parade rest, he keeps his sights far away. Tony could address the matter right here, right now. He could apologize, but what would that mean? Would it mean that Tony thinks it’s okay for Steven to question his authority? That Tony accepts Steven’s interference in his drinking? Right now, he cannot parse his own feelings and doesn’t trust himself with any heart to heart with his omega.
Tony rushes over to his room, picks up his tablet that he abandoned the first day and brings it back to Steve’s room. “Do you want coffee?”
Steve blinks his eyes as he hears the ping of the bullet drop into the pan near the cot. “Still my fault.” He doesn’t have to state what he’s referring to, both Steve and Bucky know what plagues Steve’s sleep, what makes the sheriff’s chair a welcome reprieve during nights filled with horrid memories.
“Come,” Tony says and, with his hand grasping Steve’s, he leads him over to the bed. He guides Steve to sit down and stands over him. “I just want to know a little about you. Just a little. What you find comfortable.”
“Yeah, me too.” Steve washes his hands as Tony goes to the living room to figure out the television. “The remotes are on the side table. The binder on the coffee table has instructions. I used it last night. I watched Star Wars.”
“You’re late,” Natasha said and nudged Tony out into the open so that his mate could see him in his weakest state. It was fucking embarrassing. She acted like it was a business contract – and to the coven it was. It wasn’t how Tony saw it, not at all.
“Passes? Passes what? A mile marker? What?” Tony snapped. “Because if you’re saying he dies, that is not going to happen. Steve Rogers does not give up. He never gives up.”
a form of entertainment back on Mother Earth. The movie frames depicted a street that reminds Steve of this part of the Station. It was a story about a magical nanny and two wayward children. He can’t recall the name of the movie now, but he remembers the images. They’d been so vibrant and beautiful even though they’d faded with time. The vid had been a documentary and Steve had seen it with his mother before she became too desperately ill to leave the house.
Steve nudges Bucky out of the way, and then frowns at Fury. “Well, tell me what you want me to call you, and better yet give me an idea of what your position is, then I might get it right sometimes.”
“I saw your eyes, I saw what you thought, for Christ’s sakes it was written all over your face when you first saw him, like you wanted to drop down on your knees and-.”
Tony doesn’t hesitate and it blossoms warm in Steve’s chest. “You got it. Come to the offices on Wednesday. Exclusive just you, me, and my assistant.”
Tony curls over Steve as he hunches over his desk. There are books everywhere - open and highlighted in brilliant colors of yellow, orange, purple. All the colors are there in all their garish beauty. Steve’s been at it - studying for his college freshman finals for the last five hours. Tony’s never seen anyone so intense.
“You do that,” Tony says, because in all seriousness he has no idea what shit is going to go down tonight. He trudges back across the hall. He should make plans, he should figure out what’s the next step, but the truth of the matter remains that Tony’s not a soldier – he never was. He’s not a spy or a cop. He doesn’t know how to handle these matters. He should have called in Rhodey. Who knows if those guys are dead? Who knows if Nat – no
Climbing to his feet, Steve rushes to the bathroom and strips off his jeans, briefs, and shirt. He’s in the shower in a second, warm water spilling over him. He closes his eyes and doesn’t feel Peggy take him by the hand, instead it’s Tony there. Before him it would be Tony, sliding down onto his knees, but his hands are all over Steve. Hands that are elegant and delicate, yet rough and worked. He would love the touch of them, the dichotomy of the grace with the coarseness of each finger, the calluses on the palms. Steve glides his own hands over his nipples, twisting only slightly, just enough for a gasp, and then he slides his hands downward. Tony would be so much more purposeful, so much more refined than Steve with his bulky hands. He slides down the curvature of his pelvis and imagines Tony’s hands, his fingers lingering there, just teasing him. He would cry out begging.
“This is ludicrous.” He follows Steve’s directions. Soon he’s standing over Steve with his crotch near at Steve’s face. It sends a daring tinkle down Tony’s spine. He attributes it to the chilled wind. There is no wind. The damned storm used up all the wind. Tony growls.
“You did quite a job on poor Brock. He was in surgery for ten hours.” Ross flicked an eyebrow. “Couldn’t save the pinky. You crushed the bone with your teeth. That’s amazing, Captain. I didn’t know you were such a brutal bastard.” He snapped his fingers.
“Because they found out the Blight didn’t just kill vampires,” Natasha said as the elevator arrived on the main floor of the house.
This fact offers Steve no consolation or peace. He tries to force the anxiety away, but he fails. Knowing Bucky is out there on the front lines worries him enough. He doesn’t need to get emotionally invested in Tony Stark. He’s a prince and way out of Steve’s league, even if he wasn’t a whore.
Cho stands there with her face turn to the screen she’s moved in front of her. She doesn’t focus on him, but he can tell she’s blanked out from the data she’s supposed to be reading. She taps the screen with her thumb. “You could die.”
Everything went as expected – until it didn’t. As Tony disabled the shields around the Hydra fortress, he heard yelps of surprise and an anguished cry of pain through the comm-link.  Before he even had to ask who was down, the soul bond tightened, focused, and he knew – Clint. “Shit.”
“Don’t do that. Don’t think of what’s been. The powerful magic he’s used isn’t something any of us mortals could have fought again,” Tony says and sits beside Steve.
He studied the light; in his mind he called it a beacon. He heard the distant sounds that reminded him of the hospital. Was he back in the critical care unit in his own Tower? Had JARVIS called for help? Did he have the heart attack he’d been fearing for years now and never articulated, even to himself? Was the light -
“You’re a punk, you know? Going off to fight Schmidt and his gang on your own; what the hell were you thinking?” Bucky’s long hair slides in front of his face, obscuring his features but Steve knows when he’s in for a lecture from his friend. They’ve known one another long enough.
“Does SHIELD know about the whole thing?” Tony asks, being careful about his words. He suspects the place is bugged.
“It’s been a week, you’ve been in and out of consciousness. We weren’t sure you were going to make it at one point,” Tony says and stands up. He picks up a glass with a straw. “Drink, you are very dehydrated.”
Also I am scheduled for surgery on April 16 which might delay chapters for a bit, but I do hope to get Chapter 9 posted before April 22.
He clips the portfolio closed and offers what little smile he has to give them. With a wave he leaves the offices. As he goes down the concrete steps of the stoop, Thor calls, “Steven.”
A small smile comes to Steve’s face, though he thinks he shouldn’t have to will to smile, not today. “Thanks Tony. You don’t have to do this for me. Not at all.”
The shudder through Steve could have halted Tony’s motion, but instead it only urged him on, to touch, to kiss. He pulled Steve into an embrace and guided him down to his lips. Steve resisted at first, but then relaxed. The kiss transformed the awkward, hesitant kisses from before – this kiss devoured and hungered. Tony thought to freeze, to let Steve decided how far, how deep to take the kiss, but the little moans and then raking of Steve’s hands down Tony’s back pushed him farther toward active pursuit. Tony pressed, and Steve’s mouth opened to accept him. The taste of Steve, the touch of his mouth, the weight of his body against Tony’s sent ripples of excitement through him. They melted against one another, Tony thrilled to it and let his body lead while he stretched back and found the threads of their souls harmonizing together. As if it was second nature, he wove them together and in response, Steve moaned and shivered against Tony. They stumbled, and Tony moved backwards toward the ratty couch in the workshop. Steve didn’t stop.
He taps on the bench. “No, no I shouldn’t..” Though he has to admit, the idea of falling in love grows. He likes the stories Steven has told him from the fantastical ones about the old world to the exciting theories concerning the Purge Rim. His heart aches when he talks to Steven and that far off look flashes across his expression. He yearns for something more when Steven talks about Carbonelli. Steven has even spoken about Tony’s mother. What a sweet child she was, how she always brought him treats even when he was being punished. “It’s just- I like him. Is that all right? Shouldn’t I like my omega?”  He’s drifted away from the workbench and stands by the window, staring out at the long gardens again.
“ Dr. Anthony will guide you to your cabin. I will see you around.”, Howard signed his papers and then carried on with his work. He left with Dr. Anthony and saw his room. It was a standard doctor’s cabin, a separation and a bed, two cupboards, a desk with various instruments neatly placed on and a chair.
“ Rollins, help Peter on the bed.”, Steve ordered but Peter grasped his hand in urgency. Steve somehow understood the hesitation and walked back.
Peter was sitting in the doctor’s office again. Steve came in and Peter looked at him in concern. Yeah, he was a patient here, being tortured by some supernatural entity but Dr. Rogers looked like he had been electrocuted a few times. He had circles around his eyes, looked like didn’t sleep for days. He sat down with a huff and smiled at Peter.
“ How are you today James?”, Tony was looking at James’ file like he does in his every session. In front of him, James Buchanan Barnes sat with his hand resting on his lap, looking out of the small window in Tony’s office.
“ Dr. Rogers, is there a problem?”, he looked surprised. It was 9 pm and the facility was again in silence.
“ It’s alright Dr. Rogers go ahead, I don’t mind.”, Howard grinned and Steve cursed under his breath. He was aware that Tony was looking at him. He had no excuse left but to do the scan in front of them now. He asked Peter to lift his shirt but he didn’t move. Steve did it himself and spread the gel on his belly, which was now exposed in front of Howard. He was looking at his naked flesh with hungry eyes and Peter started shaking terribly. He closed his eyes and grabbed the sheets on the bed. Steve could see the difference in fetal heart monitor on the machine. His blood pressure was spiking to a dangerous point.
“ Bucky?”, Peter call say his name for help. He knows Bucky is equally helpless. He said it because he was the only one who could really understand why he is scared to death in front of this monster. Bucky was still having his own minor meltdown.
“ You know he is one of them right.”, Bucky whispered. Sam looked back and then carefully moved away from him. Bucky didn’t mind, Sam needs his job and Bucky needs Sam. It’s logical.
“ Did you find out the gender yet?”, Steve tried to change the topic. He gathered that Peter was hinting to talk to Bucky in a subtle way. And saying that whatever he is feeling is real. He shouldn’t believe this because he is a psychologist. He is a man of science. He talks about facts and technology. But the constant fear tugging at his heart, tells him to trust Peter.
“ Sixteen weeks.”, Peter murmured, still looking down. Steve kept analysing his face. He always talks in a robotic voice, as if his actions aren’t his own.
“ What happened was out of our control. You are here to help and that’s what matters.”, Steve looked at Tony and smirked.
Before he could react, the door to Howard’s office opened, revealing Tony standing at the entrance. Steve quickly removed his hand from Howard’s grasp and looked at his boyfriend.
“ Okay, big guy. You need some sleep. Come on, I have a spot on my bed. You interested?”, Tony said, wiggling his eyebrows and Steve couldn’t help but smile. Whatever it is, he will worry about it tomorrow.
“ See, he doesn’t have those eyes either.”, Bucky smirked and left with the guards. Steve looked at Tony in confusion.
“ Okay. Bucky how are you today?”, Tony asked again. One would think that someone like Tony, who can’t stand still for a second is unfit for a serious job like a psychiatrist. Strangely, when Tony sits in his chair, he becomes a different person. His childhood has given him a deep understanding about people. He knows how to listen.
“ Twenty weeks.”, Peter murmured looking down. His belly has pushed out more, a round bump sitting in his lap. He rested his palm below the navel. Steve thought about his file, which still hasn’t reached him. He was writing down something when Peter spoke again.
“ No! Why would...what’s going on Sam?”, Tony was worried now. Sam furrowed his brows and then shook his head. He leaned into the table and sighed.
Steve entered the building that’s supposed to be his workplace for the next whole year. The big three storey, all white, kind of like the ones you see in old movies, with wide railings and columnar construction. The main gate creaked when he pushed it. For a moment, a weird thought came to his mind, that he is alone here. The hospital is outside the city, trees everywhere, and an old fountain at the entrance with three statues of jumping fishes. He peeked in to see clean water, giving a sigh of relief. The building was awfully silent for a mental health facility. He took a deep breath and went inside, reaching the man sitting on the front desk.
“ That day..wh..when you, y’know. What happened?”, Peter asked. His voice was even lower than a whisper. Bucky sighed and looked at him.
Peter went in and sat down in the cabin. His hands curled on his stomach while he stared blankly at the table. Steve was watching how his eyes trailed to the ground time to time. The slight swell on his stomach was visible but it was obvious that he didn’t want anyone to know. Steve’s heart ached for the kid. He started reading his file.
“ Would you like to talk about the baby Peter?”, Steve encouraged with a smile. The whole week went fruitless. Peter wouldn’t talk. Even today, his red rimmed eyes clearly show that he has cried too much. Steve’s heart broke for the kid. He wonders why he decided to carry the baby which was result of rape. He had other options. But Peter decided to carry the baby to term and give up for adoption. Steve understands the sentiment, but doesn’t understand why someone like Peter, who is suffering from extreme PTSD would think that it is a good idea. Peter only shrugged as the answer to his question.
“ But then, you came running to me that day and ...and you saw them like I do. I wanted to come to you so bad but then Sam told me you weren’t allowed here for a week. I just.. I wanted to talk to someone. I feel like my head is going to explode.”, Bucky was just listening with his lips parted a little in shock. He knows the feeling. How he kept screaming to Becca that he is not crazy or begging his Dad not to send him here. Bucky believed what he saw was real. No one else did. He yelled and talked all he wanted but no one would listen, just like Peter.
“ Tony, TONY WAKE UP!”, Steve screamed but Tony didn’t even stir. He looked at Howard who was only inches away his face.
“ It will take time. From what I have assessed, he doesn’t think anyone will listen what he has to say. So he doesn’t talk, thinking it’s all a waste of time.”, Steve said, his eyes still full of pain. Tony understood.
“ You have created a fantasy, where everyone who is trying to help you is a demon with black eyes. I have told you before Bucky, do you remember?”, Bucky huffed and sat back on his chair. After a moment, he started laughing.
“ Promise me if I tell you, you gonna listen like a human being, not like a doctor.”, Sam fixed him with a look and Tony nodded. Sam took a deep breath and continued.
“ I think there is something your Dad isn’t telling us. Peter’s file isn’t here. He said he has put in a request and it will take time.”, Steve replied.
“ Rumlow was taking the boy to his room. But I could see his face, his real one, the corrupt one underneath his skin. It’s burnt, his skin is charred. I was just trying to protect the kid. Sooner or later, they will hurt him. Just like they hurt Hill.”, he said.
“ What’s the point? I have to give it up anyway.”, Peter said looking down. Steve stood up and put a hand on his shoulder. It’s not okay to do it, according to the standard doctor behavior; but he is tired of seeing Peter so down.
“ No one will wake up, not until I am here.”, and he gripped Steve’s arms, holding him in place and slamming his lips on Steve’s in a kiss which made him taste blood.
“ Dr. Stark, its good to see you, but I am busy.”, Steve carefully stood in between them. He only has one agenda here, to protect Peter. He isn’t even sure from what, but he is doing it. Howard moved and stood in front of the bed, now staring in Peter’s eyes. Tony saw how Bucky was now closing his eyes with his palm. Tony would’ve left, if Bucky’s tests were complete. He could see the vein on Steve’s forehead, flaring in anger. He felt frozen.
“ Peter, what about the father? If he claims the custody, Howard won’t get his hands on your baby. Think about it.”, Bucky started thinking a way out. Peter looked at him.
“ Steve, Steve wake up.”, Tony’s voice boomed in the room and Steve sat up with a gasp, covered in sweat. He tried to catch his breath and closed his eyes. When Tony tried to embrace him, he jerked back.
“ You are going to give yourself a heart attack.”, he could feel the man’s breath on his neck. Peter was shivering now. The man enclosed his hands over the small bump that has formed on Peter’s belly. He closed his eyes, tears falling freely now. His limit to control them has weakened.
“ Nah man, you have it. It’s the least I can do.”, Bucky looked up, his smile saddened. Sam is the only one who understands him in this hell hole. Their friendship started in a very unconventional way. He broke his hand and then felt really guilty when he came to his senses. So, when Sam came back after his leave, Bucky offered him his pudding at lunch. He doesn’t have anything else to offer anyway. Sam accepted. After that, the few words that he shares with him during lunch are the highlight of his boring day. Sam often saves his dessert for him. It’s against the rules but Sam is head of security, so he gets away with stuff. He finished his jello. His good mood didn’t last long, because Brock Rumlow was standing in the corner with someone.
Peter was again sitting in Steve’s cabin, picking on his sweater sleeve. His belly looked more prominent now with the sweater. Steve got out his note pad and started.
“ Not you. Them, the ones who are rotten. I ...I see them. I see them laughing at me, because no one believes me.”, Bucky covered his face in his hands. He has said these things before, it’s the same dance every time.
“ Sam please, he is my patient. I know you care about him. Don’t you want him to be okay, to be out of here? Please.”, Tony tried to convince him. Sam took a moment to think.
Steve shook his head, trying to get a grip of reality when he felt his back sting. He tried to reach it by his hands but couldn’t. He removed his shirt and looked in the mirror.
“ And I assure you it’s not a test. My son recommended you. I would never doubt his choice. I will see what I can do about Peter.”, Howard smiled at him. Steve walked out, taking Tony with him.
“ What you’re doing is not healthy, for him. He thinks you believe him, he is becoming dependent Sam. You don’t understand how hard it would be for his recovery. I didn’t say anything till now, but..”, Tony ran his hand through his hair in exasperation. Sam is like a big brother, he can’t just assess his authority on him. Tony doesn’t understand why Sam is so involved with Bucky. He is always very professional. Sam looked up and stared blankly in his eyes.
“ I can only help if you open up to me Peter. The pain lessens if you share. It’s difficult but it works every time. You can try too.”, Steve smiled at him. Peter straightened up in his chair and looked Steve in his eyes. It was a pretty bold move for someone like Peter, who tries to look small.
“ Mr. Parker?”, Steve tried again. This time the boy looked up for a second before resuming the staring contest with Steve’s desk.
“ What does he want you to do?”, Bucky asked. He knows who Peter is talking about. He kept telling them that Howard Stark isn’t there anymore, that it’s an impostor. Peter tightened his hold on his midsection.
“ Even teenagers are more subtle than you two.”, he grumbled. He looked at Peter, who nodded to greet him.
. That’s one of the points.”, Steve smiled at him. This time, Peter smiled too and nodded. They went to pathology for a scan, only to see Tony there with Bucky.
“ Do you know how far along are you?”, Steve got his physical from a fellow doctor. He is taking Peter through step by step, so that he knows Peter acknowledges the things happening to him too.
“ Never mind.”, Steve went forward and hooked him to the scanning machine, while Rollins kept glaring at him. Bucky raised his brows and looked at Peter. He was almost going to rejoice this victory, but it didn’t last long.
Steve, with his flailing limbs and open mouth. Steve looked at him when sunlight started peeking in. He smiled a little to see Tony drooling on his chest. He looked at the time and groaned. Ever since he came here, he is having strange dreams. And now he is awake at five in the morning because of them. He is suddenly very grateful for Tony. God knows he wasn’t able to sleep alone in past two weeks.
“ You are the best. Green is the worst jello ever.”, he quickly started eating and then offered some to Sam.
“ Sorry, I will tell him I promise. The hospital is new and he is being very stressful about it. I have never seen him this worked up. To be honest, the place gives me the creeps.”, Tony made a face and Steve didn’t know what to say. He is thinking what Tony said out loud.
“ There is a big picture of her in the common room, explaining the cause of death. Sam...it’s not your fault.”, Sam suddenly stood up and walked away. Tony could see his hunched shoulders near the office window.
“ It says here you are nineteen?”, Steve asked gently. The boy’s file was disaster. His parents died when he was sixteen so he lived with his aunt. A year ago, his aunt died too. He worked odd jobs to get by. The details about the incident are not mentioned. But that is why he is here. Steve waited for any answer but the boy was still silent.
So Steve grabbed peter’s hand, holding it tight and looked directly into Howard’s eyes, who now stopped. His eyes were furious, silently challenging Howard to come any closer. Howard understood the hidden ultimatum but smirked.
“ You said yourself Bucky, you are not afraid to talk. And I know you don’t lie.”, it was right. Bucky would always tell them what he sees. Even if they have told him a million times, that his hallucinations aren’t real. The drugs only make him slow, but he always talks. He would explain his theories, about the black eyed people, about Rumlow, about his father. He never holds anything back. Sometimes, Tony envies him for that. After a few minutes, Bucky finally took a breath and started talking.
“ My name is Bucky.”, he smiled sweetly, too sweetly. Tony understood instantly that he is in one of his moods today.
“ You are gonna make me say it, aren’t you? The people who work for your father, the ones who follow him, the impostor.”, he spat out.
“ You see Dr. Stark, art therapy is for people who won’t talk. I am not afraid to talk. It’s you, who is afraid to listen.”, Bucky said lazily, as if he is bored from this conversation.
“ Dr. Rogers.”, Tony said, trying to restrain himself from touching Steve and offering comfort. Bucky looked at them and sighed.
“ I get it you know. Why Tony likes you. You are defiant..and beautiful.”, he said after the pause and Steve was becoming even more uncomfortable. He was inching closer to him and Steve didn’t know what to do.
It all happened so fast. One minute Bucky was sitting on the table with an empty jello cup, and in another, he pushed Brock Rumlow away from the kid.
“ Dr. Stark.”, Steve acknowledged and Tony smiled in returned. They have been through this before when Steve’s mother died. He completely shut down, no communication for weeks. But Tony waited patiently and Steve came to him days later, drenched in rain and shaking. He cried in Tony’s arms and then slept after a long time. Tony has no idea what it is this time, but he will be there whenever Steve is ready.
“ GET THE HELL AWAY FROM HIM.”, Bucky screamed. The boy was looking at him with terrified eyes, his lips quivering. Two guards grabbed Bucky by his shoulder, forcing him to kneel down. Brock got back up from the floor and growled. Bucky didn’t back down and jumped at him again, falling on him and punching him right on the jaw. Sam held him tight and pulled him away, signalling one of the guards to get out the syringe. Peter kept looking at him, his heart beating fast.
“ Yeah, I am fine just... I saw the kid Tony. Nineteen years old and he trusts no one. It must’ve been terrible.”, Steve pinched the bridge of his nose.
“ Well, nothing has changed. Still have my one hand, two feet. Haven’t grown a tail yet or horns. That’d be awesome though. The horns, not the tail.”, he said, looking at Tony all the time. Tony tried to control his smile. Bucky is always trying to be hilarious, one of the only things that remained from his life before this facility. Bucky is here from past two years. After a terrible accident took his left hand, the guy sort of lost it. His family described him as very enthusiastic and funny, but after losing his arm, the man lost hope. To a point that he became delusional, and sometimes extremely violent. After that, things only went downhill.
“ It.. it was in my room. He has him and..and if I don’t do this, he is going to kill him.”, Peter was hyperventilating now. Bucky looked around if anyone noticed. Then he put his hand on the boy’s back, trying to sooth him.
“ No one can help me Dr. Rogers. No one.”, it was the only sentence Peter has said with such conviction. He almost stated it as a fact. He knew Peter had given up on any hope. But hearing it today from his mouth, made it very real. The session ended again with little progress.
“ Peter calm down. It’s okay. There is nothing to worry about.”, but Peter didn’t open his eyes. Steve looked at Howard, barely controlling himself from punching the man.
“ I am not crazy Tony. I wasn’t always like this. Your father wasn’t either.”, It’s rare when Bucky uses his name like this. It happens when Bucky is pouring out his heart and soul in front of him. But it only makes Tony worry more. This is the highest point. Bucky is back on his worst in a very small time, which isn’t good.
“ Your best bet has anger issues. As an acting director of this hospital, I order you to get him off that case now.”, Howard glared at him this time and left. Tony stood still; his father was always the doctor. Even when Tony needed him, he was doctor first and his Dad later. What has gotten into him? Tony huffed and went back to his office. These few minutes were very costing for him. He needs a break.
“ I know. I have put in a request for complete records. Till then, you have to manage from what we have.”, Howard was standing too close to Steve.
Bucky was sitting in Tony’s office again. This time without a smile on his face. In fact, he hasn’t said anything in past seven days. It’s his way of coping. Tony knows that now. He would stop talking and glare at anyone who would strike a conversation with him.
Out of the corner of his eyes he could see that STAR was glowing a soft pink instead of arc reactor blue, and he couldn't help but grin. His baby girl might have a new hero... or a new crush, who knew. It was hard to tell with AI’s sometimes.
"So... so you'll let me go back to the park then? That's where Tappy lives and I like it there, even if it gets kinda cold at night." Steve wanted to take off his jacket and bundle her up in it right then, but he wasn't sure how well it would go over. Tappy's teeth looked
Their bodies had been giving off the kind of heat that killed men instantly, and even Carol found it impossible to come within more than a foot of either of them. It had been an agonizing hour waiting for the heat to fade, watching their chests barely move up and down. Both of them were bleeding from the nose and ears, sluggish trails of accusing red that he couldn't do a damn thing to stop. He'd held a weeping Pepper and Peter, taking in the patches of burned and blistered skin as both Lokis and Strange had thrown spell after spell at the pair, trying to cool them down, or break through it enough to heal them, or do
He did tell me a little bit about his team, though I noticed that he was careful only to talk about heroes who have an equivalent in our world. Steve is a man who takes his responsibilities seriously and he was adorably earnest in his quest to keep from 'breaking the universe'. They aren't called 'The Avengers' there; his team took the name 'The Defenders', though he says this decision wasn't his. There is an Iron Man on that team, along with a Black Widow, Hulk, and Thor. "There are others, but I don't want to accidentally out anybody, you understand."
Despite the threat and the suspicion that maybe Fri was just trying to get them home, Tony and Steve were on the quinjet less than ten minutes later. There'd been hugs and wet-eyed goodbyes, and a promise to be back in a day or two to debrief and get to work on plans to deal with Thanos. The Titan would be coming, with two Infinity Stones at his disposal.
“Wow,” the man said, “that’s some dedication ya got there, Stark. What about if I want to text you when you’re in Japan though? Then what?”
Steve kissed his chest again, and then let his fingers trail over the words- his own name- etched on to the pieces of metal, a look of complete fascination on his face, utterly concentrated on the image below him. “Yeah. They- they suit you.”
“Try getting a bit of sleep at some point,” Steve told him with his stupid earnest face that made Tony feel things he shouldn’t feel for a team-mate. “It’s been a long week for you.”
Tony had nodded and smiled and pretended that was what he fucking cared about, while he looked at the clocks and counted down the hours until he could just go home.
guys, but neither of you are billionaires with high standards and bank statements that don’t come back in single digits.” Steve sighed dramatically, beginning to turn and walk over to the house in time with Bucky.
. What kind of person said that? He knew exactly what Steve went through, being a vampire. He’d seen it first-hand, after going on a date and then watching Steve be told to leave for none other than the fact that he had fangs and vampires weren’t allowed in the restaurant. Now Tony sounded just as bad as them.
“Steve,” Reed said, and he blinked and realised that the man was waiting for Steve to step out of the elevator and follow him further into his laboratory. Steve told himself to move, staring vacantly at the place as he walked into it. He’d never been here before. He couldn’t say he knew Reed Richards or any of the Fantastic Four particularly well, to be honest— it had always been Tony who’d visited, so that he could hash out something or another with a fellow scientist or just go and harass Johnny for an hour or so.  He wondered, idly, how everyone else was dealing with this. Had Johnny Storm seen the news? Had he watched them cart Tony’s corpse away and sat, devastated, on his couch at home?
Cass grinned. “Oh, no, we’ve gotta go help the Wrecking Crew first, keep Thor and Hulk busy until AIM get whatever it is that they want in your tower.” He paused, and then nodded. “
“Oh, that wasn’t even us being intimidating,” Pepper said absently, turning another smile on, “you should see us when we’re talking to a real shitwipe. It gets scary.”
“How did you get this number?” He asked, completely bewildered, “you’re… you’re a computer program.”
Rumlow paused for another minute, debating whether or not to ignore the order. A second later though, and with an audible growl, he released Tony’s face from his grip and then marched over to the door, yanking it open violently. Steve also opened his door, stepping out into the corridor just as Rumlow marched out and saw him. His face was twisted angrily, and he didn’t waste time before getting right up in Steve’s face.
I will get them together in the next chapter i promise. also, i apologize for the....messiness of this? idk i didnt really like it but... i just wanted them to bond over their shared trauma man so sue me.
“No,” Tony agreed breathlessly with a quick shake of his head, “no I’m not, I’m yours. That was- mmff,
If he could catch Tony now, there wasn’t much point in wandering around trying to find a room Steve had never been to and hunt down Tony that way, was there?
Sam grinned, wiggling his eyebrows. “Good question. Right- so between our year and the seniors, there’s the best group, which is obviously mine. I hang out with these idiots called Clint and Natasha, mostly. There are other people like Sharon and Phil- oh, and sometimes a guy called Bruce will sit with us, when he’s not working- but that’s pretty much the whole group. We’re a friendly bunch, don’t worry. Long as you don’t steal Clint’s food or try hit on Nat, you’re all good.”
Steve began the rough outline of the man’s perfect body as it flew through the air, and as he looked up to watch him spin perfectly, he bit his lip and swallowed a little harshly. It was… it was certainly appealing to the artistic side of Steve, but then there was the more simple part of him- the part that would sure as hell love to get his hands on that quite ridiculously amazing ass.
This confused him at first. Mainly because it was a Sunday, and that meant that there was no way he’d ever open his eyes before he was at least into double figures of the clock. So the fact he appeared to have regained consciousness three whole hours before those double figures had even occurred was deeply concerning.
Steve looked out of the window, wiping his face roughly and forcing himself to stay calm. He couldn’t panic, it would make everything worse. He needed to be rational, and get Tony to the hospital as soon as possible. Broken ribs, Thor had said, black eye, concussion, something wrong with his wrist. He’d barely been conscious when Thor had found him. God only knew how he’d managed to drive his way there. Steve didn’t even want to think about it.
Tony just shrugged. “I’ll tell ‘em to bill me,” he responded, before burying his head into Steve’s chest and shutting his eyes. Steve was warm and comforting and familiar, and Tony was so, so glad that he hadn’t lost this. Not that there had ever been the risk of that happening in the first place, apparently, but still. It was nice to come to the realisation that Steve was, for some reason, a sure thing.
But anyway, he was getting carried away. Point was, Tony hadn’t cried since waking up in hospital, and he damn well wasn’t going to do it now, over some stupid argument with Natasha Romanov.
Tony just looked at him blankly, glancing at his book for a second. “You’ve done more flowers in the margins than you’ve done questions. And you’ve only drawn two flowers.”
He let out a rather ungainly yelp as Thor hauled him up once more, and Steve shouldn’t have been laughing, really, but it was just so amusing to watch someone like Tony being hoisted around the air as if he didn’t weight a thing. God only knew how strong Thor must have been to do that- Steve would probably just crush himself if he ever attempted anything like it.
“Stop it,” he told himself firmly, before the thoughts could spiral any further. His hands flexed minutely in his pocket at the same time his jaw clenched, and he wished, not for the first time that week, that Bucky was around. He’d been feeling kind of low- possibly brought about by the colder weather and shorter nights- but Bucky had gone away on a trip, and wasn’t going to be back until next Sunday. Which sort of sucked.
this sounds crazy, but I’m almost glad someone tried to kill me because it gave me the excuse to drive down to your house and see you again, and I just, it’s pathetic, but I just—”
Tony shrugged. “I got bored. You said you’d come home hours ago. I didn’t wanna go to sleep before you got here.”
Natasha nodded. “Bet this sucks ass, then,” she said bluntly, and Sam stiffened a little beside Steve, but he just laughed. Right- not one to sugar coat it, then.
She nodded, and after another few seconds she slipped out of the room with the promise of sending someone else in after her quickly. He let her go, numb and ice-cold as he looked down at his hands through tear-blurred gaze.
"Yeah," Steve nodded quietly, the memories flashing in front of his eyes- winter days spent curled together, just him and her, or summer nights spent on the roof of their apartment building watching the sun go down as Steve drew. "Yeah, she really was."
Thor looked at him, his face concerned. He almost said something else, but in the end he simply sighed and gave him a smile. “Sure,” he responded, “I’ll be here by the time last period ends.”
Steve watched him go, and Tony caught his eye for a second; shooting off one last shortened smile before turning away and falling into step with Tiberius. When Steve glanced back around, Thor had a face like thunder.
Steve made a face and looked at it through a wince as Peter continued to scream. Tony attempted to simply rock him back to sleep like he'd seen in movies before, but either he was doing it wrong or that simply wasn't what Peter needed, because five minutes passed without what seemed like a single pause in the baby's cries. Tony started to develop new earplugs for parents in his head. They'd probably be a hit.
Bruce didn’t say anything again. The silence was loud, painful. It hadn’t been like this with any of the team before. But now, he supposed- now they knew what he could do. What he was capable of. Now there was an element of fear in their eyes that hadn’t been there before.
“Hey,” he said from across the street, swallowing the lump that had gathered in the back of his mouth, “I’m looking for Tony Stark. You seen him around anywhere?”
Steve had never spoken to Loki before tonight, so he wasn’t exactly sure what the hell sort of company he was getting into, but he nodded anyway, and Loki promptly held out both his arms. “Pick your poison,” he said, before adding, “and no, before you ask, they’re not spiked. Just plain old water and plain old coffee.”
Tony opened his mouth to reply, biting down on a groan between breaths, but Steve kissed him again, picking him up once more, this time by the ass, and then waiting for Tony to wrap his legs around Steve’s waist before moving them forward. “I might make you keep the shirt on, though. It looks good. Real good.My clothes always look good on you”
His hand found Tony’s in the darkness, and he curled his fingers around Tony’s desperately. “I’m… Tony, I’m so sorry.”
“We have to be up early tomorrow for the New York schools tour. How are you gonna cope with that on three hours of sleep?”
Tony laughed, and Natasha saw, but she just rolled her eyes and smiled a little, squeezing his arm. “We had a long think about what to get you this year- it was kinda difficult, as always, to buy anything for you, considering the fact you are a billionaire and can therefore buy anything you so desire.”
Tony rubbed insistently at the stain, keeping his eyes fixed on it rather than Steve, who just remained silent by his side. Eventually, Steve just huffed and shuffled around a bit, until pulling out a handkerchief from his back pocket and then taking Tony’s hand. His touch was soft, and Tony finally stopped twitching, so he took that as a success. “Let me- you don’t exactly seem to be getting anywhere with it.”
The roof of the tower was brisk with wind, and he shivered as he glared at the suit that was stood on the tower. It hurt to look at, but he’d almost gotten used to the pain by that point. He could get through it pretty easily now.
Steve swallowed, nodding. Yeah- he’d sensed that the moment he saw the guy. There was a chaos about him that was noticeable from the first moment of contact. Steve wasn’t an idiot- he knew danger when he saw it.
Next, they’d contacted JARVIS. Or, at least, they’d tried to. Tony had called the tower, but received no response from his infallible AI.
Five years with a family of his own. Five years since they’d adopted that little girl, nothing but a baby, and decided that this time they were going to do everything right. Time had passed, and they’d stuck to that promise every day. Named her Maria, after Tony’s mother, and loved her with every little bit of themselves that they had left to spare. Turned out that meant there was quite a lot of love to go around.
“You didn’t think anyone would care about looking after you, you mean,” Steve adds, stopping his fussing for a moment to stroke a hand through Tony’s hair and get it out from his face. “Tony- I know about your list. I’ve known for months- you left the hard copies out on your desk one night when I came in to put you to bed. It… God, Tony, you care so much about everyone else, but you don’t expect them to care for you back, do you? You didn’t add your own triggers or fears or history in there. You didn’t… you didn’t think they were relevant. So I made my own file for you- granted, mine wasn’t quite so fancy as yours- but I’m so very glad that I did. You need people to show that they care about you just as much as you care about them.”
“With ease, yes,” Tony answered smoothly, “where are your other buddies, Steve? Why aren’t they the ones you’re calling?”
He was halfway through a mouthful of his burger when a hand slapped down on his table and interrupted him.
Steve’s face fell like a tonne of bricks, quickly going from surprised to horrified to furious in under a second. “You’re not fucking leaving, Tony, don’t be ridiculous,” he snapped harshly, “put the suitcase down and just go upstairs and get some sleep-”
He got to his feet and left for the corridor slowly, glancing out of the window and seeing Peter and a few of his little friends chatting outside. Peter caught his eye and grinned cheekily, and Steve just rolled his eyes. No doubt the kid felt all smug after his stupid advice had ended up actually helping a little bit. He threw a hand and waved lazily, and then continued down the corridor with a shake of his head.
Tony veered left, and Steve yelped. The grab rail felt too fragile, too easy to let go of- and before he knew it, his hands had clutched tightly around Tony’s waist instead, cold fingers grabbing the fabric of Tony’s jacket like his life depended on it.
. “You were in a medically induced coma for the first one, so we put it on hold until you woke up. I’m glad to see you conscious, by the way. I’ll probably have a panic over everything that happened sometime later today, but for now… Christmas!” He paused, and then plucked one of the chairs from Clint’s hands, settling it on the right-hand side of Tony’s cot. The hospital bed was low and the table high, so it actually fit pretty perfectly, and with Tony sat up straight, it was almost as if he were sat at any other meal.
or something along those lines, in that stupid sing-song voice that adults always did when they were being dicks.
Steve briefly imagined what Tony would’ve looked like; sat on the side of the road, jacket off as he leaned in close to his bike and focused all that mind on the one task. He’d probably have been smoking too. Steve noticed he tended to do that when he was trying to focus.
“Sure,” Steve shrugged non-committedly, and Tony looked at him in a way that let Steve knew he was fully aware Steve was lying through his teeth but was pleased about it anyway.
A short confirmation from the AI, and then another video began to pop up. This time, the video was not focused on her, but was propped up and recording the room. In the center, there was a small medical cot, and within, Tony saw a squirming mess that must have been Peter. He was silent- sleeping, maybe.
Once he was back lying down again, the worry slipped off Tony’s face a little, replaced with a smile. It was tired, but genuine. “Good evening,” he said softly, his fingers brushing over Steve’s sternum for a fraction of a second before they paused and then moved away. “how are we feeling, Agent Rogers?”
Thor and Clint both rolled all the medical equipment back and then hurried out of the room, coming back a minute or so later with chairs stacked up in their arms. Natasha, Bruce, Rhodey and Happy were also present, and as soon as the table had been placed, they began piling it with dishes and plates, setting up as if it were a regular dinner.
I KNOW THAT, STEVE!” Tony had yelled, spinning over to him with fire in his eyes as he’d pulled up his top lip and looked at Steve in fury, “If that hadn’t occurred to me when someone stuck a big hunk of metal in my chest, or when I got sucked into a black hole and saw what the other side of the universe looked like, or when Thanos came and stabbed me through the fucking chest, then you’ll bet I realised it when
“Man, no offense, but are you blind? Did you not say the way he was looking at you when he came over with all your stuff last week? Don’t be dense, that boy would get on his knees and
“Well, clearly social services is off the table for now until we expend all other options,” Bruce said, looking around the room, but Natasha and Steve both frowned, glancing at one another.
The first beams of sunlight streamed in through the huge windows, and Tony groaned melodramatically, curling further into Steve’s chest as the light hit his tired eyes.
“Of course it matters, Natasha. Did he apologise? I bet he thought it was his fault. I’d drilled it into his head every other time I fucking hit him, after all.” Steve’s jaw clenched to the point of pain, and he felt the vicious sting of tears bleed through his eyes. “Did he cry?”
want to hide it, Steve,” Tony’s voice was soft as he glanced back, “ever. I promise, that’s not what it was. But I- I just… it’s so complicated.”
He wondered where Tony was. SHIELD protocol stated that all prisoners had to be kept within the compound until alternative confinement and transport to said confinement had been arranged, and there was no leeway around that. Anyone who broke those rules would be fired immediately. And there were cameras, monitoring everything. They wouldn’t be able to kill him. SHIELD didn’t work that way.
In response, all he got was a shrug. “That’s why I want to be there for you, dummy. And I’d like… a friend would be cool for me too right now, you know.” Thor pulled a face, as if the admittance in itself was stupid. Steve realized how very rare it was to hear Thor actually ask for anything at all- usually it was Thor doing the giving, pulling favours and support out of his seemingly endless supply. In fact, Steve didn’t think he’d ever even seen Thor have an off-day before. Which was stupid, really, because Thor had just as many problems as the rest of them.
His hands found the side of the roof, and he pushed himself up next to Tony, rolling onto the tiles clumsily with a choked off little yelp. His heart was beating fast in his chest, and when he looked up, he saw Tony giggling helplessly over him, his hands still on Steve’s shoulders.
“Nah,” Darcy shrugged, “that was the month after, when they found him lighting up in the principal’s office.” She raised an eyebrow to Steve, before gazing out over his shoulder a little dreamily. “Man, everyone loves a bad boy, don’t they? I would tap that
Steve nodded wordlessly, starting to walk off in the direction of their quarters once more. His whole body was stiff and tense, clearly unhappy with the situation. Tony couldn't help but feel a little
“Yeah, well—” Tony huffed loudly and slumped into Steve’s chest. 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7. Steady and firm and healthy. “Shut up.”
“Go away, Steve,” he snapped, suddenly completely furious. Who was Steve to say what he did and didn’t have to fucking do? He had no idea- his place on the team was a sure fucking thing. He was their captain, their rock. There was no replacing
“Anyone? Come on, guys, this is just the basic trig, you were doing these in preschool- someone put your hand up and answer! Steve, what about you? Can you tell us?”
“I can look after myself, thank you Rogers,” he snapped, “your filtration systems need an update, and if you’re going to be in Montreal without me then I need to-“ he waved a hand absently, pushing past him, “need to make sure none of you die, you know?”
“Mmmm, you’re one to talk,” Tony answered quietly, head slowly tilting until it was resting against Steve’s shoulder. “Your uniform could never damn stay on in a fight. Always hanging off you like you’d been in a scuffle with a bear.”
Steve felt the deep wound in his side start to tear in unbearable pain, and for a moment, there was nothing except the agony taking over every part of his body. He fell to the floor with a thud, his arm catching upon a nearby chair. Something ripped under his skin, and Rumlow wasted no time. He smashed his fist against Steve’s face, pummelling him back into the floor as he tried to sit up and fight.
“It doesn’t seem so,” JARVIS told him, “vitals suggest consciousness, but he’s staying still. Perhaps he is detained.”
Steve did so swiftly, keeping his mind on the task at hand. He knew roughly how to fly, and JARVIS explained that he could autopilot pretty much everything anyway, so once Steve was up in the jet, it was a pretty rapid takeoff. JARVIS estimated a ten-minute flight though, which meant Steve had a lot of time in which he was left with his own thoughts. He fiddled absently with the gun that he’d found under JARVIS’ guidance, cleaning it with a cloth while California sped along underneath him.
His eyebrows lifted, but she just shrugged casually. “Dude, you two are like, the cutest couple in school and you’re not even
“Oh look, Steve,” Zeke laughed, turning to him, “it’s your knight in shining armor, come to save your honor. Sweet. How long do you think you’re gonna last, huh, before he gets bored of you? Before he fucks you over just like he does to everyone else? He’s not really good at staying. Not really good at anything except getting on his knees for anyone who asks. Like to beg for it, don't you Tony?”
“Steve, tell me what’s wrong,” Tony asked softly, putting a hand up and pressing it against Steve’s jaw. He was worried- really fucking worried- and was briefly debating whether to get Thor to take Steve down to medical when the blond just shook his head, smiling stiffly.
“Finding him.” Tony waved a hand, always moving, always working. “Finding Barnes. I have resources that could be helpful. Surveillance. Contacts and the like. You could use ‘em.”
With a small sigh, he flipped Sam off and then neatly dodged another shoulder. It had been a long fucking morning of math and history, and in that moment there was one thing in particular he was after.
He stood there, side by side with Bucky and Natasha, and thought of everything he wished he’d just fucking said. They’d gotten years together, but it still hadn’t felt like nearly enough time. He wanted to see Tony just once more. He wanted to say how sorry he was. How he knew it wouldn’t be enough, but he wanted to try anyway. He wanted to say that he loved him—always had, always would. That Tony had given him a reason to want to live in this new world, and without him, Steve wasn’t sure what the hell he would have done.
Steve did; feet scrambling against the wall as he raised himself higher- and then there were hands at the material on his shoulders, pulling him up easily by the jacket, wow, Tony was
“School is hard work,” Peter complained, flopping on to the stool and leaning on his dad’s shoulder theatrically, “It drains me of energy that I need to replenish with Lucky Charms.”
They leaned against one another for a few moments; Steve’s head fitted perfectly into the crook of Tony’s shoulder. Eventually however, when Steve yawned massively, he decided to call it a night. Standing up with bleary eyes, he pressed his hand against Tony’s face and then kissed him once more. It still hurt his nose, but it was worth it.
Redwing sings out to him from ahead and he thinks the bird might have found the entrance to the shoot. He spins around once again as Steve shudders in his arms as if he’s freezing to death. He can’t comfort Steve, not now. Instead he concentrates on his painfully restricted dexterity with the blaster in his hand tucked underneath Steve’s knees. He fires and doesn’t care that it hits a round of pillars. The fortress groans under the assault and all of the troopers glance up at the shaking ancient building.
Gently, Steve cups Tony’s hand, eases the drink out of his grasp and then drains it himself. He grimaces at the burn. He never liked hard liquor. “Now I’m your little bit of poison.”
“I have a list of movies I should watch, but why don’t you pick?” Steve says and sits down, looking up at Tony and anxiously waiting for him to take a seat.
Steve muffles a welling sob. He can’t breakdown in the middle of a mission. This is his life. The mission is his life. Maybe Ultron was right in a way. A soldier without a war is rudderless. He laughs without mirth at his own mixing of metaphors. Breathing in, he steadies himself and then focuses on the task at hand. He throws away any doubts and clenches his teeth as he places one hand over the other, walking up the wall as he climbs. Without another incident, he flips over the edge of the stone well and falls onto the stony ground. Once again, it’s cold. Ultron’s brain is cold and deceitful – that’s why. It brings him back to his thoughts about Ultron and who he is.
It seems a little off to say the least. The older boy’s Companion looks like a large dog, almost like a wolf but not that big. He's a fine white and gray color that borders on silver. On the top of his forehead though a patch of fur that's rusty in color forms an almost perfect star. He's a healthy Soul Companion except for the missing leg. When Steve looks at the boy he notes the boy has both arms and both legs. Most of the time a Companion mirrored the soul it belonged to - Steve's does.
As he spoke, the door behind Steve opened again, the light filtering in, and another person entered. He was smoking and said, “Now, Agent Barton, that’s enough. You don’t need to apologize to Rogers. He’s a traitor, after all. You, on the other hand, are a good man and a loyal citizen.”
Tony peers over his shoulder and then back to Steve. “It’s nice to see you again. It will be good to spend some time, catching up?”
Steve wipes away his grimaces and his preconceived notions. He needs to do a job and maybe if he gets a big enough tip, he can spread a little bit to his friends back home. Peggy and her brother still work tirelessly with the abandoned children on the dusty planet. “Come.”
“What’s it about?” Tony tried to sound disinterested, but that was hard to achieve considering Secretary Ross was a known hard ass when it came to vampire and human relations.
“My son always said you were smart,” Frigga says. “Yes. All the forces and factions here put him down and banished him to non-existence. We almost came to a kind of peace then, but it didn’t last. It never lasts.” Her shoulders droop. “It has been so many years of war.”
Tony laughs. “Seriously, Steve you do know that a station is a ship, right? That it has an engine and thrusters and has to continually use them not to drift, right?” Of course, Steve knows all these things but being on Prime and being in a bulky spaceship that stinks of urine and sweaty bodies is another thing entirely. Tony opts to take sympathy on Steve’s uncertainty. He grips Steve’s shoulder. “You are in for a treat.”
Bucky hoots and claps his hands as he stands up. “I’m planning it all out. You will not be sorry, you punk.”
To fit on the shield, Steve bends his knees and squishes onto it, with his hands clasped onto the handles. The shield, remarkably, does not sink into the snow and with a slight push off he hurtles down the slope with speed and a whoop call of exhilaration. Controlling the shield is impossible even with the handles to steer. Steve races down the hill and then tries to bank but ends up flipping over and rolling the rest of the way down. He jumps up and catches the shield as it slides down after him. He screams a yell of triumph, for what, Tony does not know.
That revelation hurts more than Tony wants to admit. He keeps wanting to deny the truth of it, but he can’t – Steven has continued to offer everything of himself. Tony, being the rich boy, the wealthy man, has always expected the best, accepting nothing short of it. In his past, he’s waved away the faults of others, dismissing them and whatever they have to offer. Steven came into his life, broken and sentenced to death, but still when duty called he stood up, and refused to allow this life to beat him. But Tony sees it as a product of his nature. It can’t be because Steven feels something toward him. Why would he?
“What’s he saying? What?” Tony says and his anxiety is evident in his wide eyed look. The smudges of dirt and grease cannot hide his fear.
“Within my parameters, yes.  I have a visual interface through the digital art set up. I am functional within the laboratory, the art room, and Mister Stark’s lab office. I am not functional throughout the building, the living space, or Mister Stark’s regular business office. I do maintain some of the building’s facilities though.”
“If he’s going after the glands for immortality, then the zombie problem isn’t secondary to him. He’s probably planning on killing those he harvests from-.” Natasha stopped and cringed. “Have any of the other covens reported missing vampires. He needs to keep vampires around for a source of the glands.”
The leader points to the south. “We told him the lion goes that way. We tell you the lion went -.” He points in the opposite direction. “Go and save him before Hunter comes back.”
Steve mumbles something in reply, he concentrates on the breast plate, getting it into the grooves to lock into place.
She studies him. He stays stoic and stalwart. Everyone has always told him he’s a terrible liar. He’s not about to let Natasha add her name to the list. She swings her legs down from the desk and bends over it, staring at him. “Have it your way, Rogers. The Duchess called me and told me that the prince is beside himself because you left. She told me that the prince thinks that Stane did something to you. So what is it? Did Stane do something to you or to the prince.”
“Then come back to bed,” Tony said and shifted. He opened his arms and realized he was nude. There was a fine ache in his ass that he recognized. He smiled. “Come back to bed.”
Not six inches apart, Tony glares at Steve – witnesses him slowly falling apart. “I’m not denying that, not for a minute.” He grasps Steve’s one hand. “Not for a single minute. But when you kissed her you didn’t feel lust, or hunger, or desire, or passion. It was a platonic love. Tell me I’m wrong. Tell me!”
Everyone turns to Rumlow. He has a wade of towels bunched up against his nose. “A misunderstanding. That’s all. A misunderstanding.”
“Blu! I couldn’t believe they separated us. After all, we haven’t been separated for weeks. Not since we tied the knot.” He hopes that’s enough information for Steve to follow along with him, but in case, he adds, “Do you want to get out of here, Blu?”
“Well, if it worked right all the time, then I wouldn’t need a PA now would I?” Tony says and slips Dummy into his pants’ pocket. The slight curve of it should be hidden by the front of his jacket. “Good?”
“The latest? You mean the new pack members?” Steve asked, and he knew he threw that dart way off the mark.
“They’d want to be Divini as well. They’d long for the power for themselves. They want to be Divini or they’d want to control you,” Steve whispered. With the release of tension, what little energy he’d had drained as well. Keeping his eyes open turned into a battle. “I think I want to be alone now.”
Steve peered over his shoulder at Tony but he stood in the dark so that his features were hidden. “We moved out and got a nice flat with radiator heat.”
Steve smiles, and Tony swears he sees the hint of a blush on his cheeks. “Yes, Tony. Thank you. You’re always a fixer that’s for sure.” He bobs his head in a kind of thank you and then puts his little easel on the table. “This should be great.” He situates the table at an angle to the windows. “So, I can see better.”
He jerked to the side, nearly slipping and falling on the wet leaves. Bucky stood to the side of the cabin. His eyes looked bruised as if he’d been crying. At that moment, Steve saw so many things superimposed over Bucky. He saw the soldier who walked by his side and protected him all the years of the war, he witnessed the rage of the Winter Soldier as he slammed a fist into Steve’s face, he saw a lost soul wandering Europe and beyond looking for harbor, he saw a man who became all these things at once. None of them could be dismissed. Bucky was a good man and an assassin. Steve had to come to terms with those truths.
Steve retrieves one of the applicators and does exactly what the directions state. The button pushes out a small blob of material that looks silvery. He rolls it in his hands, and it forms around his thumb. Pressing his index finger to the circle of nanites on his thumb elicits a smooth gel like substance to be excreted from the tiny nanites. Using his other hand, Steve plucks it off and tests the lube. It’s silky and thick enough that he thinks it would do wonders for a good fuck. He grins.
“Yeah,” Steve says and tries not to let the idea that Tony grouped Steve in with all the rest of his staff bubble to the surface. He might work with Tony on a day to day basis, but he’s staff, nonetheless. Nothing more.
“But you called me healer?” Bruce lifted his arm to show the swirl with the dart of green through it. It didn’t remind Steve of any symbol he was familiar with, but then again he supposed magic and the universe didn’t adhere to human forged symbols and representations.
“Yeah, you fell into a stupor for three days. It scared the crap out of me. Don’t do that again,” Tony says and leads Steve back to the shore. With Tony’s help, Steve’s able to slowly draw in his wings. Tony’s hesitant at first, not wanting to hurt Steve, but at the same time the curiosity sparkling in his eyes puts a smile on Steve’s face. Tony helps with gentle hands, he maneuvers the wings to fold with tender care.
He bows his head not because he wants to deny Bucky, but because he needs to rebuff his offer. Sighing, he says, “I can’t, you know I can’t.”
“Perfect, you always got my back.” He ends the conversation. He drinks a bit of the water and makes a mental note to get checked for parasites. He lies down and stares up at the stars. In due time, Blu joins him. Tony adjusts his position to use Blu as his cushion. “Last night before we go back to civilization. I’ll figure this out, Blu, I will.”
Steve stacks his dishes and picks up the butter dish. Rising to his feet, he carries it to the kitchen. “I don’t know. I kept my promise.”
As he pounded into Tony, Steve reached out within their soul bond and with his energies bound Tony, brought their resonance together until they were completely and utterly merged with one another. Their crests and ebbs synchronized and pulsed a beat along with their physical beings. It slammed into Steve like a bullet – yet instead of pain it brought with it a heated pleasure. On the brink, Steve barely understood the motion of his body as Tony met him stroke for stroke. He followed Tony’s hand as it worked his own erection, he watched as Tony arched back and cried out. Throwing his head back, Steve released his physical hold and succumbed to the bond itself. He cried out as the world around him dissipated and their energies perfectly met. The fires within spoke and he came as Tony spilled over his hand.
On top of everything else that had gone wrong with his interaction with Tony, Steve had to fess up to the fact he’d been dealing with inappropriate thoughts and dreams about his team member.  Before he’d seen Tony to reveal the awful truth about Bucky, Steve had woken up from a vibrant and realistic dream of sucking off Tony. It startled him enough that he stumbled to the shower and found himself sobbing for relief from his thick and heavy hard on. He didn’t want to touch himself. He begged for the cold water to provide him with the shock needed to make it subside. But it didn’t work.
“I didn’t fault you, I didn’t like it though,” Steve added. “But we did get Vision out of it. He’s worth it.”
While he works through the upcoming week’s list, Steve drinks his tea bent over his tablet and doesn’t hear Natasha enter the room.
Steve opens his mouth as if he might respond but the words take their toll and he snaps his mouth shut. His eyes glint. His jaw muscle twitches and he nods. “I’m sorry. I’ll shower. I’ll give you a discount.”
Several of the Stark guards fall in step ahead of the prince and Steve. Their hands on weapons as they move through the station. People give the entourage a wide berth. With his smaller size, Steve’s dwarfed by the crowd around him, and he quietly thanks the heavens for that. He’s not one to like crowds or to be the center of attention. He’s seen the vids of Tony presenting information or being on a stage rallying the troops. He could never perform on stage. It’s just not him.
Steve spots him and grins; yesterday apparently a nightmare that is to be forgotten. Those 1940s men like to be stoic and bury their feelings. Tony doesn’t know whether to be pissed or pleased. He opts for the latter. Might as well go with the flow. He smiles at his roomie and claps his hands.
“It’s like you’re my North – so maybe not electric itself, but electromagnetic? I don’t know. I’m just tuned to you, I know where you are, I can tell the expression on your face just by the way you breathe. I can feel the hope and the pain. It’s a physical thing. Am I reading it all wrong?” Tony asks and there’s an agony growing deep in his chest.
"I'd like to stay," Steve says. "This is what I do now. It helps us stay afloat but under the radar."
Tony never played many instruments as a child, just the requisite piano, but caressing Steve reminds him of how every small stroke, every gentle pulse causes a reaction, a melody. It’s the same with Steve. He shudders and writhes under Tony’s hands. The power of touch rings true when it comes to Steve – it very nearly undoes Tony.  His hands on Steve’s shoulders, he pushes away. The look of disappointment on Steve’s face mirrors his own, but if he learned anything through the years – slow and steady wins the race especially in matters of love. Or so he thought. He’d never actually won the race.
Before the car arrived on the designated floor, JARVIS said, “I do hope that Captain Rogers will make a full recovery, sir.”
“No, I’m good.” Tony holds up his one hand and Steve notices it shakes. “Had my maggot infested crap earlier. I’m all filled up.”
“It’s not that bad, Steve,” His face said the opposite; that part of him was horrified at what Steve would have to endure.
Steve thinks about the children left on his planet, the orphans and the lost people – refugees – looking for solace and home after the battles. He stands straight and firm. “No, sir. I don’t like bullies. I don’t care where they’re from.”
“Off the radar of V-Corps?” Clint asked. Steve noted the sweat on his brow as the thunder rolled and the lightning flashed.
The anger – at himself – at his father – at the guards – roiled and he turned back to Pepper. “Download everything. Everything.”
“You’re in a white tuxedo, Tony. I’m in a tux. Neither of us should hop on a motorcycle and start driving around New York City. It’s not known for being a pristinely clean place, you know.” They’re standing at the entrance to the garage. Steve can see the Harley.
He wants the drink, he needs the drink. He shivers with rage, trying to quell it. He needs to decide if he will be the alpha of the day or a new alpha of the future.“And how do you propose we do this?”
“Strange?” Steve decides not to press the point and closes the dishwasher. He knows that Strange is Tony’s doctor, but he wants to get over the awkwardness of the moment. That’s right, he thinks, feign being an idiot as his assistant that will secure the position.
“It is the Tesseract. I have great fear in my heart that it has taken over his senses,” Thor says. “I cannot get a message out to our mother, for your telegraph man is especially belligerent today.”
“The Hydra agents?” Tony shook his head. “They got away. The Iron Legion is after them, but I think we have a little more of a problem. Way more of a problem actually.”
Tony nods and Steve slowly takes his hand away, though keeps it up cautioning him to keep his mouth shut. Tony only mouths, “Who?”
Steve shrugged and gazed at the projected soul network around them. “I used to watch the snow fall from my room. I sat there and stared out the frosted window. I’d see all the snow flakes and think about how they were all different. I knew I was different, but I couldn’t put it into words. Maybe I was afraid to. I had a friend, he was gay.” He stumbled over that last word. “The kids knew it too. They beat him up, teased him. It was terrible. I think I focused on my health, on helping my mom when I could. I knew I was different, but I didn’t want to know how.” He cleared his throat. “And then Peggy happened, and I have to admit, I was overjoyed, relieved that I found her attractive, that I wanted to dream about a life with her.”
Luke follows Tony’s directions as he gestures and points to everything he wants. They do some measurements of Steve’s chest and waist. Once they’re done with that they start to debate other articles but Steve’s mind spins away as he thinks about Tony calling him ‘dear’. He knows it’s not much, it can’t be – but the feel of it, the possibilities of it worm their way into Steve’s head where they take up residence like squatters. He seems not to be the landlord of his own brain.
“I’m sorry,” Steve whispers after a moment. “I only wanted to help. I know that what Doctor Strange said to you this morning affected you. I wanted to somehow help.”
“It isn’t going to respond to anything but it’s number. You better get used to that,” Rumlow said and smirked.
“Give me the gala. One more week. We can schedule something right after.” Tony swallows down the acid of bile. It hurts. He’s going to give up everything after the party. His life will shut down, his world will close, narrow, lose all focus. What will he have left? He won’t even be able to use his virtual reality headset to do his tinkering for the research and development sector of his company. He’ll be a shut in. These are the last days of his life.
With a gruff roar, Blu shoves away from him. He leaves the camp site with a gait that Tony’s come to know as pissed off lion strut. He wants to promise to stay, but all he can say is that he’s sorry. Night descends and Blu doesn’t return. The sounds of the wild chirp, cricket, and groan throughout the darkness. Tony crawls into the hollow of the tree after he throws another log on the fire. Blu has never left him for this long, never dismissed him, never let him fend for himself. Blu’s been his shield against the frightening aspects of nature, the terrifying truths of his circumstance. Without him, Tony has no protection, no hope of feeling safe or sleeping. He keeps the gauntlet wired to his arc reactor, maintains wakefulness as long as he can, and watches the fire. It mesmerizes but it also startles the way it throws shades and phantoms in the endless dark around him.
Clint angled the copter to a park near the area Steve had indicated and then came in for a landing.  As he piloted, he said, “He’s come and gone. Done what he could do and then left. Thor stays in the background most of the time. He needs to get his mate safe, too.” Clint adjusted his quiver. “It’s the way the older vampires are.” He put special emphasis on older.
“Always, and they were always helping me. Though I rebelled against,” Tony comments and he doesn’t know if he feels ashamed or proud. “I guess it was wrong.”
Steve freezes any reaction, he can't look into Tony's gaze. It's too present, too dark, too intense to be able to hold without cracking and breaking. He wants to run, escape because even now, he's not sure he can succumb to his own needs, his own desires. All his life, he's spent denying the attraction, ignoring his deviance from the normal. But Tony's here, holding onto him, anchoring him, and he sinks, into the chair, but not pulling his hand away.
“Sir,” JARVIS interrupts. “Ms. Potts reminds you that your press conference is in 1 hour. She expects you to be on time and presentable.”
Tony grumbles next to him as if he heard Steve’s thoughts. He pats Steve’s hand and rolls onto his back. Yawning, he says, “You think too loud.”
“Tony, he’s gone. He left. I’ll be your plus one.” Pepper lays down the law like no other manager, personal assistant, CEO, and goddess that he knows. But he also recognizes that she must have played some part in Steve’s absence otherwise Rhodey wouldn’t have pointed him in her direction.
Steve snorted at him and marched over to the table. He scanned the leftover food and picked up a pita. “You know this wasn’t my choice anymore than it was any of yours. I had just woken up. I was trying to figure out my smartphone and why milk cost more than a nickel. I had this plopped in my lap.”
Tony had tried not to let it set off the fire, the need, the want but he failed. "I just want to be able to contact you. That's all." His voice sounded like a small mewl.
He whips around and stares at her. “Are you with me or not? Because I can’t have anyone on the team who isn’t with me.”
He must get in because Happy is pleased and takes his seat. Rhodey keeps quiet, assessing him. He offers a nod of reassurance to his old friend. Rhodey doesn’t ask, but Tony knows it will come, the questions, the doubts, the worry. He’s sure the worry already creases Rhodey’s brow. Tony turns to the window of the helicopter, looking down at the refuge where he’d spent the last weeks. He had found companionship there, a soul’s companionship with a lion. A lion that does not exist anymore. All that is left is a legend of the past, and Tony knows legends aren’t enough. They never are.
Pepper is the one who saves him. “I think this is a perfect opportunity, Tony. We can use this to our advantage. You have several new and upcoming developments for the company. Especially your artificial intelligence advances that would change everything in the world and your newest innovations on smart tech. I think we put on a gala. We can use the Autumn gala that the Foundation always puts on.”
“Yes, he was and he also happened to be a fallen angel,” Steve says. “He latched onto Hitler as part of his revenge against humans.”
Steve wipes a hand through his hair. “Yeah. It was great. I haven’t ridden like that in years.” He looks out to the pier; it’s empty of any boats. Just a long dock stretching out into the ice blue sea. He breathes out and sighs. “Oh, I need a drink. Too bad we didn’t bring some water.”
Tony cradled Steve’s face in his hands and kissed him. Their soul merged, bright, hot with desire, but also tender with love. For the first time, the love surrounded him not like a cloak to hide him but like wings to shield him and to lift him at the same time. He flew higher, much higher than Icarus, though he never fell. Steve’s hands were on his body, guiding him and touching him. He offered as much and more than he’d ever thought or hoped he could with Steve. His body, his mind, his very soul become a lightning rod, hot with pent up energy, and then crackling and burning with passion. When Steve entered him, he held his knees and legs open, wanton and brazen all the same. He wanted it all. Steve gave over everything he had. His body, his heart, and his soul. The slip and slid of bodies together, the slap of skin against skin, the heat of sweat mixing between them lifted Tony until his mind went blank and his mouth lax and open. He rode the thrill of his need, the grind of Steve’s body, the thrust of his cock. Tony opened eyes he hadn’t known he’d closed and witnessed a kind of angelic transformation of their souls. Merged and knotted together. Their markings on their chests glowed with desire and heat. When Tony reached up and grazed his hand over Steve’s pectoral down to his tense abdominals, the touch pushed Steve over the edge. He came with a resounding groan and his body held still as if the world around them answered and stopped. Tony couldn’t take his eyes off Steve, so transfixed and engaged.
“We don’t have much time to figure out what’s up with this character, Tiberius, then,” Clint says. “As soon as you input the selection, Nat and I will be called in to the do the checks. I might have an hour, tops.”
“You should, and you did. Now what do you need?” Sam crossed his arms over his chest and stood – no arguments were to be made.
“I’m not, I didn’t-. How could he?” Tony says and remembers the strange aura around Steve, the feel of energy around him that Tony didn’t even recognize until he was away from it, absent from it.  “I miss him.” The words are out of his mouth before he realizes.
“ He has been called to your doctor’s office. He said not to worry about him.”, Peter said in monotonous voice.
“ Stop it, please stop it.”, he said, now closing his right ear instead of his eyes. Steve didn’t understand if it was directed at Howard or Peter. He cannot bear that vulnerable whisper Peter just let out. Tony went to Peter, but Howard beat him, leaning close on the other side of the bed.
“ Oh don’t underestimate Mr. Barnes. He broke Sam Wilson’s hand. Schizophrenia, has extremely violent episodes. Thinks everyone here is a demon with black eyes.”, Tony kept looking at Bucky walking back to the common hall.
“ Do you want to talk about what happened?”, Tony asked. Bucky didn’t answer, didn’t even look at Tony, just sat still.
“ That your Steve is emotionally compromised. This isn’t a work for weepy children. I want him off the case.”, Howard said and started leaving, Tony following him on his heels.
“ Not yet, sweet heart. Not before I get my daughter.”, his grip tightened on his stomach and Peter gasped, breathing harshly now.
“ But Sam Wilson does. Right?”, Tony knows he is playing with fire now. He has noticed his closeness with Sam. And he had let it slide, even though it’s against the rules.
“ Do I have to sleep in here too?”, he asked with a smirk. Dr. Anthony pushed him to the nearest wall and placed a hungry kiss on his lips.
“ You know you can tell me anything right? It’s completely confidential. No one knows what we talk.”, Steve briefly looked at the door to give Peter a hint about what he is saying. Peter looked at him for a moment, before giving a weak smile. The boy’s whole face changed when he smiled. For the first time, he looked like he was actually nineteen.
“ He could have read it, might’ve gotten stuck in his subconscious. His schizophrenia is twisting that information. Sam you need to get a grip.”, Tony understood what Sam was feeling. Everyone misses Maria, even Tony. She was energetic, responsible and most importantly a good person. Her death affected all of them. But Sam was her closest friend. Sam turned around and started to leave.
“ Sam, it’s okay. We are off the record here.”, Tony said and Sam gave him a small smile. Sam Wilson knew Tony from school, when he was a hyper active, talking ‘
“ Okay, who told you to fuck with me huh? Was it Rollins?”, Bucky was furious. It’s not the first time Rumlow or Rollins had pulled a prank on him. One would think that a place like this would’ve made them compassionate. It’s not like Bucky is asking for their pity. He just wants them to leave him alone. Peter was looking at his tray again. His breathing fastened, Bucky noticed. He couldn’t help but worry about the kid. Peter’s hand covered his stomach again. He was shaking now.
Three long angry red lines, seeping blood adorned his back. He slowly walked away from the mirror, sitting on the cold bathroom floor. He remembers vividly, how Howard’s hands snaked over his back and scratched deep.
“ What doesn’t matter? You can tell me anything, if you want to.”, Steve added softly. His hands fell on his lap, fidgeting now. Steve understood why Tony said this was a sensitive case. The boy looks completely withdrawn, as if he is afraid to hope for anything better.
“ It’s alright Peter, everything is going to be alright.”, Howard’s hand was getting closer to him. Peter was gasping for his breath and Steve never felt this helpless before. Drugs were out of question because of the baby.
Then, he saw the boy, freshly changed into the shield hospital patient uniform. He is innocent, Bucky can tell. His eyes are shiny with tears but he refuses to cry. The boy’s hand is wrapped around his belly, other hand is holding the blanket he must be given. He looks, no Bucky is definite that he is pregnant.
“ As much as I am loving this, you need to start work now. A new patient is coming. Dad wants to see how you handle him.”, Tony sighed, his forehead touching Steve’s chest.
“ I can’t let you near Bucky. You are compromising his treatment. I will talk to Dad and shift you to Hall C.”, Tony said, looking down the whole time. He knew he won’t be able to face Sam, whom he betrayed just now. But something different happened when he looked up. It wasn’t betrayal, it was rage. He had only seen Sam like this when he was fighting bullies, who tried to mess with Tony. He never thought he would be facing the same in future.
“ Which is why he is telling the truth. How can he even know Tony? He told me that she didn’t take her life, something I’ve been telling you all since she...”, Sam was getting agitated by the second.
Steve woke up feeling restless again. The feeling hasn’t left him ever since he visited Howard Stark a week ago. It’s becoming unbearable, as if an itch he can’t scratch. Steve is a person who loves his work, but now everything in his routine feels heavy. As if his legs are made of metal and every step he takes is a task. It is an unknown experience for Steve. He doesn’t know if it’s the place or the people that make him queasy. He worked at Bart’s in New York and never felt like this. He went into his bathroom and started fixing the new shower curtain Tony gave him. It’s a pretty lavish curtain for a ridiculously small bathroom and very Tony like. He fixed them and went into his room to get his towel out.
Right! Maria Hill again. Hill only appears when Bucky is extremely distressed. Maria hill is one of his most elaborate hallucinations. He thinks that people with black eyes have killed Maria. When in reality, Maria committed suicide from the top floor in the hospital. It was a very tragic incident. She was a very efficient guard and they all miss her. Bucky thinks Maria is asking him to avenge her death. Tony started writing on his pad, when Bucky spoke again.
“ What are you talking about Peter?”, Steve tried to compose himself. Peter moved his eyes to the door, hinting about Rumlow, who must be standing just outside. This time Steve nodded, understanding nothing but trusting Peter.
“ If I don’t give him the baby, he is not gonna leave Howard alone. I..I don’t know what to do. Who to ask help from; no one would listen to me. They ..they already think I am crazy.”, Peter was trying really hard to hold his tears in. He was sick of crying all the time. Bucky wished he could lie and say it’s gonna be okay.
“ We are all leaving, except Dr. Rogers and Mr. Parker.”, and Tony quickly hustled the crowd out of the lab. Peter jumped up and hugged Steve, crying on his shoulder. Steve tried to console him, rubbing circles on his back.
“ I am here to see Dr. Stark.”, Steve said while looking around, patients were wandering in the lobby. A lot of white uniformed men and women were around, nurses probably. The man gave him directions to Dr. Stark’s cabin and he followed. He knocked and then entered the office.
“ He will never lie to me. I knew you wouldn’t understand.”, Sam said, still on his way to the door.
“ I am fine. Don’t worry about it.”, Steve managed to get out and closed the bathroom door. He gripped the sink so tight, he feared it might break. He knows it was his mind playing games on him. He is over thinking about Howard’s behavior and having useless nightmares.
“ I see them too.”, Peter whispered. Bucky looked at him, his brows furrowed and he shifted a little closer.
They sat in silence for the remaining hour. Peter was taken away by one of the nurses to his room. Steve put his head in his hands. A nineteen year old with so much pain held inside, that he has no faith in words anymore. He tried to look at his file, a police report or anything, but there was none, which was odd because it was a rape case. He wrapped up his file and locked his cabin. Peter needs help and Steve needs complete information.
“ I guess.”, he answered again. Looking at the locked door, where Rumlow must be standing outside. Something flickered in his eyes for a second and then he was back to his former state. Steve couldn’t help but think that Peter was working under someone’s influence. It’s possible, Steve has seen many cases of abuse where victims appeared extremely normal and self dependent. If only he could get Peter’s file and look for a reason.
“ What the hell are you doing Sir?”, Steve was scared for a moment, before realizing that his boyfriend’s father was watching them sleep like a creep.
“ You separate us and I quit. Your call.”, Sam said and walked out, without even looking at Tony, who just flopped down on his seat. What the hell has gotten into Sam, he thought. He has to think of something fast, before the situation gets worse.
“ It’s not possible. She was gone in mysterious circumstances. Police is still doing the investigation Sammy. There is no way he could know anything about it.”, Tony kept his calm. This is more serious than he thought.
“ Woah kid, calm down.”, Bucky tried to console him. Peter took a deep breath and closed his eyes. He needs to gather all the courage that’s left in him to have this conversation.
“ If I give you your child, will you let Howard go?”, he asked again. It’s the least he could do for the man who gave him a job after his Aunt died. Howard, no, the being wearing Howard Stark’s body laughed.
“ How are you Sammy? And how’s Bucky?”, Sam’s good mood soured the moment he said that name. He knew this was about Bucky.
“ Oh. Here, Parker’s file, there is a lot of paperwork missing.”, Tony took the file and started looking.
“ Oh, so the part where I say that your father has black eyes is unbelievable. It’s right there. How can you not see it?”, Bucky leaned close to Tony, his chest touching the desk. Tony tried to remain composed, but Bucky’s eyes were terrifying.
Bucky was playing with his food during lunch. His mind was all over the place. Tony asking about Sam wasn’t a good sign. If Sam gets in trouble because of him, then Bucky would never forgive himself. He saw the boy coming to him with his tray. He sat up with a straight face to meet the kid he scared a week ago. He sat down near him and kept looking at his tray.
“ Steve wait, I have to talk to my Dad.”, but Steve didn’t listen, he just took him far away from Howard’s office.
