He smiled to himself while imagining Cas touching that mark in his next class, and looked around for a place to stash his boxers. He’d taken his spare clothes home after last time and never brought his bag back, so he shoved them in Jask’s trash can and chuckled to himself as he made his way back for his last class of the day.
Dean huffed a laugh. “That damn movie. This book wants to kill us. Alright, that's straight forward enough. I'll grab some cheap aprons with cute print. We need anything for pie?"
They switched places so Cas could drive, and Dean had to come up with a way to kindly invite himself to stay at Adam’s house — even though they hadn’t spoken in a month. He nervously tapped his knee until Cas gripped his hand, giving him the strength to finally turn on his cell.
By the time they pulled into the airport, he saw Cas standing there and actually got nervous. “C’mon Cole, you tell him.”
It's hard not to notice the way Azrian’s staring at him. He'd be lying to himself if he didn't admit he was at least a little interested, and Az gives off such strong bottom vibes that he knows he won't have to worry about it. The thought is definitely tempting.
As if he needs proof, Ares throws open the front door and barrels inside. "Dean!"
Jo hugged him tightly and kissed his jaw, whether she meant it or was just doing it for show, he didn’t know. “You know him better than I do. All I can say is I’m sorry, and I’ll take your baggage — right now, it matches mine.” She released him, smiling softly.
“No, my other bodyguard is walking the perimeter, he’ll be in here soon, he’ll fill in for two nights. But it’s just you two. I only needed one for a while, still might have to search for a third.”
Breakfast is a complete loss. Cas grimaces when he sees the state of the pan he had the eggs in. “That's going to be impossible to clean, I should just throw it out.” He shakes his head at himself and gestures toward the cupboard closest to Dean. “I suppose we’re having cereal for breakfast.”
“Cas!” He was going to ask him to elaborate, but he’s too far gone now, full on riding Cas and leaking in his fist. “Whatisthat?” he rushes out.
“Hmm.” Cas resumes his previous spot directly in front of Dean. “Can I help you with something else, Detective? Anything...
He kisses Dean again with warmth in his heart. “Merry Christmas, indeed.”
The problem was, he didn’t
“I’m tired. Nap with me?”
With a grin, Dean slicked up his fingers and patted his lap again, reaching back to open Jask up while kissing along his neck. “So tight, baby.”
Cas shoves him playfully with an embarrassed grin, then goes over to pick up the box. “I can make bacon just fine when I'm not so thoroughly distracted.”
“We fucked in Baby’s backseat in my garage. Rode me like a frigg—”
“Hell yeah.” Dean sits forward with a grin. “Is a high school diploma required for these classes? Cause I uh... dropped out,” he says with a blush.
He acted fast, shoving his hand in the filling and then smooshing it on Cas’ chin and bottom lip. Dean was nearly on the ground laughing at whatever Cas’ face was doing from shock.
The moment Cas breaks the kiss in favor of biting his neck, he knows they're both goners. Maybe dry humping each other in the back of bakery in the middle of the day isn't the most romantic thing, but Cas doesn't seem to care — he's all soft whispers and quiet moans as his teeth graze Dean’s skin, and his grip tightens on Dean’s hips a moment before he gasps. “I'm… Dean, I’m…”
Smiling, Cas kissed Dean’s head. He’d technically brought enough things to stay for more than a night, but didn’t want to freak Dean out. “Yes, Dean. It’s in my car.”
Cas chuckled and walked closer. He didn’t speak right away, not until there wasn’t another student close enough to hear, then he whispered, “I have something better for your throat.”
"Yeah, we've messed with the rules before."
To Cas’ surprise, Dean brushed it off. “Whatever, Havoc seemed happy enough. Is there food on this flight?” He rubbed his belly, and Cas found himself happy that food was the one thing that could always distract Dean.
“Yeah, we call him that, but he's harmless. All bark and no bite, you know the type. He just kinda
He shrugged, stuffing his hands in his jacket pocket. “Peachy. Nothing to really report one way or the other.” Nick glanced both ways and started crossing the street, Cas on his heels. “You? You gonna tell me why you’re flipping shit?”
“Fine. Where’s the friggin clothes?” Dean snatches them and runs upstairs to change.
He kissed Ares. “What about you? You think you and Cas will do anything?”
For one reason or another, Cas slept better than he had in a while. No nightmares, no tossing and turning. He was just… dead to the world, until Dean’s alarm sounded to wake him up. Cas rolled slowly, blinking his eyes open as Dean sat up. “Good morning,” he said, his voice like grated steel.
She licked her lip and bit it softly as she sat down at the table. “Did it work?” Her voice was small, like she already knew the answer… she just needed to hear him say it. “Did you two reconcile?”
As badly as Jask wanted him to do exactly that, he knew they weren’t going to have a lot of time once they got where they were going, and figured they’d be better off if they were both on the edge. “Maybe just a taste.”
He kissed her head. “It’s okay, Maddy. Unless of course you’re the monster, in which case… it’ll hurt, but I won’t hesitate to kill you.”
“Hey Cas. I was worried about you, you okay?”
wasn’t even out, the only two souls in the entire district that knew he was gay were Rowena, and now Ares. It wasn’t fear that had stopped him, but even still. He worried for Ares as he worried for anyone in his situation, but particularly because he didn’t think Jaskier Morningstar was anywhere near ready to come out. The potential for disaster was high, but at least Ares now knew he had somewhere to turn.
Dean dug his fingertips into the cut on his palm to stop himself from getting equally hard, and attempted to hold his composure. “Your aunt said history was your favorite subject. I kinda thought it was just me, but now, I’m startin’ to believe her. You did good today, Cas.”
“Ah! You’re right…. right… can’t go without that.” Dean realizes he lost that little argument and looks around for Jask to save him.
“Huh?” Ares’ eyes darted up from his phone and he met Castiel’s gorgeous blues, thinking about how handsome he was. He wondered why he was even considering such a thing, but wouldn’t lie about it. “I just came across that partner swap ad again. It seems to be popping up frequently... probably because I clicked it out of curiosity.”
“Shhh,” Cas whispers, bringing one hand up to clamp over Dean’s mouth as he drapes over him, pinning him to the mattress and grinding deep. “You feel… so good, Dean… I don't want to have to stop if we get caught.”
disappointed in my life, although I find it a little intimidating that you now know I’m the type of man that blows strangers through glory holes.”
Cas sat up and stared down at the beautiful Mr. Wi- no...
Cas didn’t need to be told twice. He stood, sliding his left hand up Dean’s dress shirt while he lubed himself up. “If I hurt you... bite me.” Lining up, Cas pushed his length inside, not stoping until he was bottomed out.
“Was cursed. Name’s Dean. Can we get to know each other after? Man, this ass is amazing.” Dean moaned and leaned down to suck on his neck, effectively ending any argument Cas would’ve had.
be, if he likes you well enough. He's a good dude... for being who he is. A lot better than some of the others, that's for sure.” His eyes travel to a slightly older man. “That's Ishim. He's... well, you'd just better steer clear of him.”
Cas and Cole exchanged a look, and Cas prepared himself for another long, uncomfortable flight.
A wide, sappy grin plastered itself on Jask’s face. “Hey, don't worry about it. I’m sure you’ll get laid like… an hour after Cas’ project ends. Maybe not even.” Jask pulled out a couple of red plastic cups and a handful of butter knives.
“How about I take first watch and you nap?”
The giant, shaggy man holding a puppy distracted Cas from his own phone, so he tucked it away without responding. “Adorable, honestly.”
It was almost weird how
The news isn't shocking. “Anna, if he complains again, I'm going to shove these down his throat. You know damn well there hasn't been a single thing wrong with the food.”
If it didn't turn him on so damn much, he'd punish Dean for it.
He steels his resolve and pushes the door open again, his heart dropping out of his ass when he sees Cas sitting on the floor with his wings drooped at his sides. Dean doesn’t speak right away. He can't. He walks over and sits across from him with his legs crossed and he scratches his head, not sure how to navigate any of this. “Sorry I left. Just uh… startled the shit outta me, honestly.”
“Nothin’.”
He watched their lengths slide together for a moment, then braced one hand behind him as he bucked up. Cas’ body was screaming for more - he wanted to pull Woody forward and kiss him breathless as they tipped over the edge, wanted to dig his nails into broad shoulders and spear himself on that gorgeous cock - there were so, so many things that Cas wanted.
“You sure.” He pointed at Cas’ shorts. “Seems like you might need the release. Bet you Dean is getting ass-rammed as we speak.”
“You sayin’ I’m his next toy?” Dean wonders if that means he’d just have to deal with the one guy, and then wonders if that’s better than the alternative.
“There is absolutely nothing wrong with your freckles, Dean,” Cas said, a little firmer than strictly necessary if you asked Dean.
“Right back at ya. Man... I missed that. I can still feel you.” He chuckles, holding onto Cas tightly. “I swear I thought of you every day. You were the first thought and the last thought... I know that sounds chick-flicky, but I mean it.”
“You can take your chances,” Jask replies. “But I wouldn't advise it. You've been here, what... two days? Multiply that by ten years and tell me if you think you can go it alone. Benny's a lifer. He's not going anywhere.”
Dean shook his head. “Nah, but that’s why I’ve been comin’ home late and extra dirty. Tryna pick up the slack a little, y’know? Give the guy a break whether he wants one or not. Now shh, I wanna take a nap in my happy place.” He wrapped his arms a little tighter around Cas and let out a satisfied sigh. “Ahh, there it is.”
There wasn’t a second’s hesitation in his answer. “Cause I never earned it. Or, if I did… I stopped tryin’ to keep it. You said it yourself, April was better.She talked to you, communicated. Probably listened to you talk about the shit you care about with more than a passing interest. She made the effort. And you deserve effort, Cas. You’re the best human being I’ve ever met, and I’m… me. I’m selfish and crass and impatient. I take shit for granted all the damn time. And that included you.”
Jask gasped and arched his back, apparently sensitive there. “Yeah, I know. I’m not teasing though, I’m still young. You’d be surprised how many times I can get it up in a day.” He gripped Ares’ hair and pulled him up to kiss him properly. “Wanna find out?”
Dean laughed out loud and tossed his head back. “Hey man, you brought seven friggin suitcases, you could have an arsenal in there and I wouldn’t know.”
“Tada!” Dean held out the bee apron with a huge smile. “You like it?”
Ashton stepped forward as well. “If someone like Cas is brave enough to volunteer for war, I have to. I choose Army.”
Cas huffed a surprised laugh, standing on his tip-toes to kiss him. “I was trying to draw out breakfast so I wouldn’t have to leave you. I think you’re safe.”
Teeth grazed over the front of his panties, then Dean stood, leading them over to Cas’ desk. Cas took the hint and sat on top of it as Dean grabbed the lube and opened his pants. “Do you have any idea how good it’s gonna feel to finally be able to fuck you into that desk?” He nodded his head toward his own, telling Cas this was only stop one. Cas spread his legs, and Dean slicked his cock then pulled his panties to the side, slipping two fingers inside him.
Cas’ eyes fluttered closed and be forced them open again, not wanting to miss a second of how Dean looked like that. “Shh, I know, Dean. I know.” He shifted his angle and fixed the condom, dragging his cock slowly in and out until Dean twitched and Cas knew he hit his mark. “Think you can get hard for me again? I want to taste you.”
“As a delicious dick? Yes actually. I’ll put it on your headstone,” he teased, tossing his head back with a laugh.
“Anytime. You know where to find me.” He stood up and winked, walking Cas to the door. “Have a good one, Cas.”
Dean wakes up feeling like he’s in a strange new world. It smells different than D, feels different than D. But no matter how much better it feels... it’s still prison. Lee is already up and out of the room when he wakes, so Dean washes up and then goes to breakfast, sitting alone like the new kid normally does. Only difference is he doesn’t feel threatened... not like he did in D.
Jask instantly noted the way Dean was holding Cas, and something still uneasy settled inside of him. He knew Dean was good — he was going to be happy, and that set
“I just find myself struggling not to smell it more, but I’m trying to be respectful.” He took a chance, moving so his foot was resting against Jask’s leg, and grinned. “I can still reach, so I’m not
Ares chuckled and reached to grab his hand, turning to stare into those gorgeous blues. “Are you having doubts? That’s okay, Castiel. We don’t have to do it.”
Miss Missouri handed Cas a copy of his diploma, took a quick photo, and then it was done.
Dean watched the tattered remains of thier divorce papers fall to the ground in soggy, pathetic heaps, and then launched himself at Cas. “Oh, thank god.” He pulled him in, kissing him messily as if he was trying to get as close as he possibly could.
It looked like Cas struggled a great deal with that when he saw Dean, but he nodded and squeezed his eyes shut. “Okay.”
“Uh... gimme your...”
to take what I want from you. And I don’t know about last meal on Earth, but… I’m absolutely going to swallow your come.” He lapped at the head of Dean’s cock until precome dripped out, then sucked him in slowly. He tasted incredible, all earthy and
“C’mon, Cas! Taco Bell won’t know what hit ‘em.” Dean called up the stairs. “Don’t gotta get dolled up, honey. I know you’re pretty.”
“Uh yeah, sure. Thanks, Cas.” Dean got up and stretched, walking up the stairs without a look back. Cas stood in the middle of the living room staring after him, wondering if he’d done something to upset him.
"Yes." Cas felt horrible when her face changed, and he knew tears would soon follow. He turned, cursing his coffee pot for being too slow and busied himself with grabbing mugs and creamer. "I'm sorry, I know that isn't what you wanted to hear today, but Dean and I... things are working again."
The shiver that travels down Dean’s spine answers for him, and he catches Cas in a sloppy, heated kiss. Cas’ hand on his bulge feels so good he doesn’t think if he could last if he got Cas’ perfect mouth, so he reaches out for his pants and attempts to shove them down. “Take it out, baby. They gotta meet.”
school to have that conversation, but it was too late to derail now.
He did. A little harder this time, chuckling under his breath. The hand pinning him down moved as Cas walked his naked ass over to the bar and started searching for the lube, eventually finding it and a condom. He stared at the bottle for a moment and took a deep breath, reaching down to palm himself with his other hand. “We... shouldn’t do this. I’m your bodyguard, Dean... your employee.”
Cas climbed out of bed on shaky legs and stopped entirely too close to Dean. “Stop,” he whispered, bringing his hand up to cup that gorgeous face. “You didn’t get carried away, and you don’t need to apologize for anything.” He reached out for Dean’s hand and brought it to his own crotch before he could stop himself. “I want it, Dean. Probably more than you do. I just… don’t want to look back on it one day and wish we’d have waited.”
He slid on some blue satin panties and then his same pajama pants, messed up his hair more and walked down the stairs with a grin. Dean's back was turned and Cas wished with every fiber that he could hug him from behind and inhale right between his shoulder blades, but he knew he couldn't. "Hello, Dean."
But as he carefully broke the kiss, he realized he didn’t want his words being misconstrued as something he only felt post-orgasm, not when the reality of the situation was so intense and real. “If you’d like to drive, that’s fine with me. But, we should really find a place to get you cleaned up. As hot as that was in the moment… I have a feeling you won’t be comfortable for long.”
Dean sniffles and checks him out. “I’m Dean, and you’re right about that, Benny. Gonna make it worth my while? Been craving a Twinkie for days.”
He stumbles back, clutching it as blood spurts out into his fist. Dean’s never felt more proud. He reaches John in a second, kneeing him in the gut and hitting him with a strong right hook, bringing him to his knees. “Get the fuck out of my house and never come back.”
Before he could answer, Cas responded with a photo of his come stained blue panties and a text.
“He’s amazing. He’s smart and funny… you know he’s got more than one set of sheets? So when one gets dirty, we can just… change them, and not have to sleep on a bare mattress until the laundry’s done?” Jask huffed a laugh. “Sounds like a stupid thing to get all worked up over, but I love it. Even just in two weeks, he’s made me more civilized. And don't even get me started on the sex, I mean… I loved fuckin’ you, but Ares?” He let out a low whistle and angled his head to the side. “I’ve never been with anyone like him. He
That lasted about forty-five seconds, the lack of movement must’ve alerted some part of Cas’ brain because he sat up, looking completely awake. “I’ll go get the key.”
“He was mine for longer than you can imagine,” he spits, picking Dean off the floor by his throat. There's sheer, unrelenting hatred in those eyes, and Dean knows he's done for — right up until he hears the best sound in the world.
“I’m gettin’ the real computer, asswipe. I dunno how legit this is and I wanna do proper research. Blame Sam.” Dean opened it and then snatched J’s phone back again for the name. “You sure about this? You think you’ll appreciate me after? Maybe wake me up with blowies and bacon three times a week?”
Meg gags, then grabs a slice of pizza. “Let me know when you're done, I'd rather not throw up in my mouth again.”
“I don’t know.” Cas slid the lighter in his pocket and began shredding the dreaded papers as fast as he could. “I’m sorry. I’m so sorry I left you.”
Staying silent and not outright begging for it was harder than Cas thought it would be. He’d never begged before, but he absolutely would be right then if he hadn’t been sworn to silence.
They stayed like that for a few moments, with Dean peppering Cas’ flushed skin with kisses until Cas’ ass started actively trying to kick him out. Cas looked exhausted but fucked out as he moved with him, draping a hand over his stomach and nestling in the crook of his arm. “Is this okay?”
Relieved it was a legitimate question, Dean pushed off from his desk and moved to the front of the room. “I wouldn’t say repressive. They’re reenactments, not revisions. For a lot of people, the Civil War is ingrained in their histories. Brother fought against brother, father against son. Some say the reenactments keep the horror of war fresh in our minds and prevent us from repeating the same mistakes. It’s a celebration of victory. If you ask me, there are better ways to spend a Sunday afternoon, but hey.”
“It’s been two weeks, but… yeah, guess that is kinda soon, huh?” Jask grinned, sitting on the arm of the couch and flopping backward. “Yeah, we can see them. They sent us a file, should have all their info. I was waiting for you to actually look at it, get your smelly ass over here.”
He instantly deep throated Jask’s entire cock, relaxing his throat with a long hum and then pulling off with a groan. “Tastes so go—“ He didn’t finish the word before he was diving back in, releasing the most sinful moans.
Dean would think about that ass forever. It would haunt all his dreams if he didn’t get it soon.
The moan Cas released as Dean pressed into his tight ass was delicious and Dean nipped his shoulder in response, fighting the urge to push in faster.
“Ah... Havoc.” Dean beamed and shifted in his seat. “He’s amazing. Definitely wreaking havoc all over my house.” The crowd laughed. “He’s lucky he’s so damn cute. I’ll post more pictures as soon as I get home to him.”
“Are you trying to butter me up for something?” Cas asked playfully. “If you are, it's working.”
far.”
“Yeah... I know, cause I’m the one fucking that ass. But that’s not gonna change unless you want it to, so I’m failing to see the real issue here.” Jask shrugged, sitting up and pulling his long hair back. “Just sounds like free shit and a huge party to me.”
Gad’s halfway through telling him that salt won't work with these particular demons when the door leading back into the main part of the prison blows clear off its hinges. “Cain,” Gad hisses, shoving Dean backward and muttering something incoherent — but just as he charges forward and swings his blade, Cain
“But I’m not goin’ nowhere so... you’re gonna have to multitask, babe.” Dean walks over and starts sliding his callused hands up Cas’ shirt, kissing on the back of his neck.
“Don’t fucking talk to me. None of you.” Dean stormed out of the office, pushing past Alistar without a second glance.
“Maybe have that talk first? You both know it is possible, you’re humans. But if you talk first, and swear to be honest, maybe you would be able to save the friendship. Or, maybe nothing happens and you guys get happily married next year, but you have to talk about your concerns. When Ophelia went out of town for work at the beginning of our relationship, I told her I was worried and she made sure I was comfortable and always checked on me to make me feel better. It helped a lot, she taught me to just be honest, even when it sucks to say out loud.”
sound she makes has him laughing out loud and he stands to take the plate over to the sink as told, kissing her cheek before returning to his seat.
engagement. An engagement that
“Months? That’s impossible. You know how needy I am for your attention. Write about that, schoolboy.” Dean called out as Cas took his laptop and disappeared into his room.
It felt incredible, but the sight was almost even better. Dean looked like a vision on his knees with his cheeks hollowed out around him — around
Dean nodded. “You’re not scary to me.” He smiled a little, knowing that didn’t used to be true. “I mean... you used to scare me, but really I would just get a fear boner.”
He smiled as he nodded, hoarding as much honey as he could fit in his arms. At a stern look from Ares, Cas blushed and put several of the jars back. “Yes, a new recipe sounds good. It’s been a while since we’ve done something spontaneous.”
“Shut it.” Ares grinned and took another drink, only to find it empty. “Want another?”
Cas frowned deeply, making a mental note to kick Cole’s ass for not telling him he was leaving. But the reminder of Cole opened up another slew of concerns.
Hold on to it.
Dean’s breathing eventually evened out, and Cas slid out of bed as carefully as he could and made his way over to the window. He created a small gap to peer out of and let his eyes sweep over the empty parking lot.
His neighbor and best friend Jask laughed quietly, kicking his feet up on Dean’s coffee table. “Honestly? Teaching isn’t all that hard. Sure, you’ve got your assholes and your rebels, but mostly… Madbay has a pretty decent student body. And, they’re not allowed to wear contacts, so the whole ‘I can tell what you’re feeling by the color of your eyes’ thing absolutely comes in handy. You’ll be fine, D.”
Cas was starting to feel the exhaustion and routed the GPS to the nearest diner. “What do you want?”
Lee nudges Dean at breakfast. “You okay?”
“You’re off duty tonight,” he mumbles.
Releasing feels so good that Cas can't do anything but grunt Dean’s name as he spills between their bodies, and the feeling of Dean’s cock throbbing against his own as he adds to the mess nearly unravels him. It's something he wants to feel repeatedly, every single day for the rest of his life, and he's even more convinced that he needs to get his life together.
His moment, and not even this dick was going to take it from him. “C’mon man, what do you want from me? You gonna bribe me?”
He sniggered softly and smiled at his screen, his thumbs dancing over the keys as he figured out the most polite way to say ‘not a chance’.
He really didn’t want to snap on Jody, but the anger in his chest had completely bubbled over. Dean turned away from her and punched a hole straight through the drywall.
Dean rolled Cas onto his back and started kissing his neck. “I need to thank you for this mornin’, that okay?” He kissed again, sucking a small mark while he waited for Cas’ answer.
When Rowena finally made her way to her office, Cas stood and followed her in. “Good morning, Rowena. Do you have a moment?”
It's the grunts Cas lets out against his skin as he comes that really get him. Even through the fucking apron, Dean can feel his hot cock throbbing with his release, and he quickly follows. He moans Cas’ name like a prayer as he adds to the mess between them.
Dean’s nails dug into Cas’ skin as he sped up, and the noises Dean was making had Cas coming apart at the seams. It was pure possession and delicious intent, something he’d never gotten from Ares — or anyone else, for that matter.
Jask chuckles, his tongue between his teeth. “Yeah, he takes a lot of punches. Got in a fight last night, too.” He shakes his head at Dean, and Cas immediately frowns.
Cas had been prepared for that answer, but it didn’t stop him from clenching his jaw. “Are there any I need to be actively worried about?”
“Yeah. He still doesn’t want to be in the public eye, which is understandable. It’s kind of nice to have that safe place you know? I can go to his house and just be... me.”
“He knows. Trust me.” Cas stood up from the table and started cleaning up their mess. “We all know my dick is bigger.”
Cas ran a hand through his hair and went for it. “Okay, so something has come to my attention today… Well, not just today… I think I’ve known for a little while, but I just didn’t really know how to navigate those feelings and I probably don’t even know how to now. But I don’t care because we already have to hide from the world, and the last person I want to hide from is you — so I have to just tell you.” Dean was listening intently and Cas realized then that with everything he just sat out loud, none of it was what he was actually trying to say. “Sorry, I didn’t say it, did I?”
“Tiny... handle this, please.”
“Fuck yeah... Fill me up, Cas!” Dean tossed his head back and reached down, bumping Cas’ hand away so he could stroke himself quickly.
“Uh huh,” he nodded, ignoring the way his own length was now tenting his sweats from watching Dean. “Gorgeous and all yours, you didn’t even have to put a ring on it.” Jask leaned forward and licked the precome off his tip, but pulled back again. “Sorry. Had to get a taste.”
“I’m sorry that your safety is more important to me than letting you get drunk.” Cas paused, taking a deep breath and trying to relax even though now, he was just pissed off. “Are you done making me feel like shit, Dean? Or should we add ‘verbal punching bag’ to my job description?”
“Dean!” Ashton grabbed his arm to stop him from walking away. “I’m serious. No one should have to live a lie like that. And hell,” he smiled cheekily, “maybe it’s selfish of me. Luna Vale has never been big enough for the both of us.”
“Course not. Tellin’ you, I think I was born in the wrong time. Music, movies, lingo… everything was better back in the day.”
me.” He teased, pulling at Dean’s shoes.
First period was a drag, and he raced so quickly to second period that he knocked at least two people over. He managed to make it before anyone else, and for twenty, glorious seconds, Dean was kissing him. “Fuck, I love you,” Dean whispered. “Go sit, before I get us both arrested for public indecency.”
The little boy blushed furiously but nodded quickly, his eyes wide. “Yes! You’re D—Dean Winchester!”
It makes him moan, but not as loudly as Dean does once Castiel's hand grips his cock and starts to stroke. “I can't wait to be inside of you for real,” he whispers as he kisses over his neck.
She smiled slyly as she pushed her way in, she’d always loved that nickname. “Keep that mutt away from me, we’ve got business to attend to. Sit.” She set her briefcase down on his table and seated herself, gesturing to the chair opposite her as she crossed her legs.
“Hi,” Jask said with a playful smirk. “Guess what?”
“What are we making?”
Dean straddles him and smiles into the kiss, rutting his rapidly hardening cock against the guard. “Gonna give me that dick forreal this time, or you gonna make a guy beg?”
Cas smiled and kissed Dean’s chin. “Honestly? No, I don’t particularly want to see him… but it’s not that I don’t miss him. I don’t like confrontation, and I’m afraid of how our conversation will go.”
“Just trying to not get time added. I could stay in my block, but I'll either kill him or
Cas was alone there, Cole had gone home. Leaving Dean vulnerable so he could hide a body wasn’t an option, and letting Dean tag along and witness him murder someone wasn’t on the table either. He had no choice but to watch that naked bastard round the corner back into the lobby.
“How about this brand new Lexus... no wait... look at that old Chevy. That one.” Ares interlocked their fingers and walked nonchalantly toward the older car, ducking between them while the coast was clear. “I know you love older cars, baby.” He kissed down Cas’ neck while unbuckling his pants.
The words Ares tried to say were inaudible between his sinful moans and Jask strength already had him teetering on edge for a second time.
She nodded, smiling a little at her plate. “I got a promotion, actually. Maybe I’ll be able to afford to send you both to college now.”
Dean’s response was muffled by his hand, but the tone alone told him it was bratty. Cas leaned back, sliding two fingers into Dean’s mouth to shut him up, and fucked him harder as he finally reached down to stroke himself.
“You’re late, bitch.” He climbed in the car, instantly messing with the radio.
After talking to Charlie, he still wasn’t any closer to figuring out the best way to propose. They all seemed too cliché, too boring, too extravagant... just not them. He was completely stuck in his own head during dinner with Cas, and he felt bad for not giving him his full attention. While he washed dishes, Dean walked up behind him and kissed along his neck, wrapping his arms around him tightly. “I still love how good you look in this kitchen. It was just a house before you. Now it’s a home... you’re my home.”
Unfortunately, Cas’ mood was even worse than before. He had hoped the release would help him unwind, not make him more uptight.
Jask frowned, looking over at him. “Good or bad?”
“Am I gonna have to be a peeping Tom to see them? Really? I just wanna see what they are. I always wanted a tattoo, bu—”
It wasn’t looking promising, but English was Ares’ favorite subject, and if Cas’ memory served… they only had about a half an hour to get to the bottom of what was bothering him before they’d be cutting into class time. He decided to start small, to get him talking before diving into the root issues that always brought them to this situation. “How’s your older sister doing? I haven’t seen her since she graduated.”
the first thought. And third... I don’t gotta third. But yeah, he’s the only one for me.”
He frowned for a moment and then shrugged one shoulder. “It’s been a while. Couple of years, at least. We don’t get out much for things like that.”
“Oh,” Cas gasped quietly. “Was it… good?”
Dean blinked, actually taking him seriously for a moment and worrying about their friendship. “Wait, for real?”
Dean huffed a laugh and then kissed his way down Cas’ body slowly. He bit the top of his pants and tugged, looking up to meet Cas’ eyes before he started unbuckling his jeans.
The bitchface Cas gave him showed exactly how he felt about the slang, but then he actually joined in while grabbing a cigar and eyeing it. “This better be… killer-
He didn’t know why Cas was saying thank you, but he also realized it was probably deeper than they had time to get into right now. He just walked back over and hugged him, and after a chaste kiss on the head, Dean turned and walked out the door.
Cas chuckled and moved to lift Dean up, happy he’d been working out so much at the farm. “Light as a feather,” he grunted out unconvincingly.
“God of
Cas had been in his classes long enough to know that this was just what Ketch did. He’d attack something from every angle until he found a crack in logic, a faltering point in belief. He’d claimed at the start of their very first lesson that it was because if one’s beliefs couldn’t stand up to scrutiny, they were little more than hopes. Cas opened his mouth to rebut, but visions of Jask and Ares started swimming through his mind.
A photo came in of just his upper body laying in the backseat of Dean’s Impala, and so, so many things ran through Dean’s mind. Obviously, he’d been too damn out of it this morning to even lock his car. Second, the fact that Cas was hard and still kept the picture PG felt like a huge disappointment, even though he knew it was for the best. And three, that picture of Cas sprawled out in the backseat of his car was going to
Cas looked down at his plain black t-shirt and then back up at Dean. "Do you want me to change,
That perfect, tight ass clenched around him as Cas bowed his body. “Dean! I — I’m too close, please...”
“Is that so?” Cas slid his hand over Dean’s and brought them to his ass, maneuvering down beneath his pajama pants. There, Dean could unmistakably feel satin.
Cas stayed silent for a few bites and then nodded slightly, setting the fork down. “You’ve been my ‘first’ with a lot of things too, you know. I’ve… definitely been a little braver with you, and I’m not just talking about singing Taylor Swift songs and posting viral bad lip reading videos.”
“We’ve talked about a great many things, but… no, I suppose we haven’t. I believe with all of me that we have the same viewpoints on it, though, and I’m sure it’s only a matter of time before we clarify that. I don’t think we even
“M’still crazy about you. Been crazy about you since I saw you on that patio, Cas. I only went out there for you,” he admits for the first time.
Finally, Cas smiled. “I don’t know, but I’m starting to think it was fate. He’s everything I never allowed myself to admit I wanted, and I don’t even know what it feels like to really
Dean takes his time, kissing along his entire length and keeping eye contact before he finally swallows Cas down, and he grips the sheets to keep from floating away. If he closes his eyes, it feels as though no time has passed — but he forces them open to watch, noting all the small changes in Dean and how hollowed out his cheeks get when he wants to shove Cas toward the edge.
He eventually convinced himself to get up and go make himself some breakfast and a cup of coffee. Dean was already gone, like he was nearly every morning, which meant Cas could bum around in his boxers all day if he wanted to. And he
“Horrible?!” Dean sits up with a frown. “You’re horrible. My Petty impression is up there… right next to my Seger, bitch!” Ares looks as if he might protest, but the completely offended look on Dean’s face shuts him up. “And no, stop trying to shrink me.”
It was irritating and adorable all at once, and Cas chuckled. He scratched under Havoc’s chin and then did the same to Dean just to be an ass. “Daddy Cas is still on duty, he can fart in whomever’s bed he chooses... I’ll never know.”
to use lotion next time, that… was a slightly poorer choice than I intended it to be.” He nods to the coffee and waits for Dean to move out of the way, then washes his hands and starts cleaning his face. “To answer your question… whenever I have at least two hours with you, uninterrupted. Not before.”
“If you mean their hormones... it takes some getting used to. Students in my gym class’ eyes change so much it gives me whiplash, and by the end of the day they’re all either angry or horny. What happened with your students? All the girls got pink eyes like you farted on their pillow?”
He's about to say no, but Cas shoves his own sweats down and slots his cock between Dean’s thighs, making him nod feverishly. “Y-yeah... yeah... course.” His cock is fully hard in front of him and Dean can tell by how wound up Cas has him this won’t take long anyway, but regardless, work can wait.
An annoying, loud ringtone went off from somewhere behind him and Cas recognized it as Jask’s immediately. He smiled to himself before turning and steeling his features into something less smug as Dean answered.
“You just did… kinda.”
Those thick fingers gripped the plug and moved it around, and Cas was already so close to coming it was outright embarrassing. He let out a noise that sounded a lot like a whine and lurched forward, but that only drove his cock deeper in Woody’s hand.
“Me pick? You know I’m gonna pick somethin’ we’ve seen a bazillion times, right?” Dean grabbed the remote and went to their queue.
Twenty minutes later he could hear Cas talking to Benny, then the front door shut nearly as hard as his bedroom door had. Benny knocked twice. “Dean?”
Cas glanced around. “I don’t see a f—“ He trailed off, blushing and clearing his throat. “No, that won’t be necessary, Dean.” He walked closer, squeezing himself between Dean and the table. “Do you mind? I need to turn around. You’re a little...
“There is no such thing as a promise I can't keep, Dean. I
He nods, staring at the carpet. “Yes, his name was... well, I don't suppose it matters. We just... weren't a good fit.”
Dean chuckled and walked over. “Uh yeah... we do. Should we just dive right in or ignore the elephant for a while?”
“Alright. He’s babysitting Havoc for me at m—”
Cas watched Dean climb into bed with a heavy heart and a cock so hard he could barely see straight. The taste of him still lingered on Cas’ tongue, and all at once he hated himself for licking him clean.
In reality, it wasn’t very long, but he’d never wanted someone so bad.
Again, he snaps himself out of it. It's ridiculous that he's even thinking such things when he barely knows Dean at all, and that right there should be a red flag… but the trouble is, Cas has never been very good with those.
“They’re friends. Morningstar and Winchester, I mean. I heard them talking.”
He takes Dean’s breakfast to him when it's ready and then sits down, giving Jask a look that he hopes says “go away.” When the brute doesn't move, Cas clears his throat quietly, but all Jask does is ask if he needs a glass of water. “No, Jask. I don't need water.” He sighs, rubbing his chin for a moment. “Would you mind stepping out so I can talk to Dean?”
“I trust you the most.” Dean took another bite, thinking about what he said and realized he’d actually rather have Cas. “If I had a choice, I’d still choose you. Even when Becky broke in, I instantly wished you were there. I dunno, that sounds dumb.” He got up and went to the fridge to grab them both waters. “So, this weekend, you sure you wanna be in the room again?”
Dean sat up with flushed cheeks. “Yeah? Can’t wait, Cas?” He started undoing his belt. “Oh, I’m clean, by the way. Haven’t been with anyone else, and I got tested that Monday after you asked me to. But I’m not open, gonna need a little help.”
It’s rare Dean beats Ares home from work but for the first time in a while it’s just him and J for a little bit. “You guys ready for the big day? Comin’ up fast.”
Jask tried to push Dean back toward Cas. “Yes, Ares and I will go get it. Go back to where you were.”
“Don’t tease... you’ve teased enough.” He chuckled and leaned over to bite Jask’s nipple. “All the teasing was your fault. You have a lot to make up for.”
A long, slick finger slides in, and Dean grunts as he pulls on the restraints, but he’s grinning in spite of himself.  “Dreamin’ bout this ass, huh?”
Jody sighed and gave Benny a head nod to leave the room. He complied instantly, surely guarding the room. “What is going on, son? You’ve never lost it in front of fans. You’re drinking more, grouchy all the dang time, you’re getting sloppy with your hookups. Talk to me.”
“Now who’s rude? Now I have an inappropriate boner.” Dean stood up and walked funny towards his bedroom. “Goodnight, Betty.”
to get out of the house. He nearly checked in with P to see if he was horny too, but Dean shrugged off his morning hormones and got dressed.
Dean looked down, his expression unreadable. “Yeah... normal.” He huffed a laugh and collapsed back on the ground. “Let’s scratch off a date for tomorrow, might have to stop at the store.”
deny that, but something told him they both craved something more, regardless of how much that admission hurt.
But as they came down, tangled together and exchanging sleepy, sated kisses… Cas didn’t give a shit who heard.
here. Toward the one place where he wasn’t Dean Winchester, child actor. He was just… Dean.
“Meg,” he starts, preparing to argue — but one look at the mess around him makes him take a sip and shut up. If she leaves, he'll have to
“Yes… I think that sounds like a great idea.” Cas didn’t let go of his hand as Dean drove, and it felt so right that Dean almost tricked himself into believing they could have something more.
Cas grins at the reminder and pushes open the front door to his parent’s house. Jagger greets them like normal — bear hugging Cas and shaking Dean’s hand, and Astarte barely lets them get their coats off before she's grilling Dean about what he's been up to and why they haven't seen him as much lately. Cas tries to derail that particular conversation, but Jimmy tackles him into the couch before he can get a full sentence out.
They sat at the bar and ordered drinks but before they could be served, Ares turned to face him. “Have you two seriously never...”
“Mm. I need to use the restroom,” he says in a tone that suggests something much different. “If I'm not back in thirty seconds, come find me.”
is outdated? Not just the photo.
“Just wait.”
confused when he explained, but once she understood that Cas was actually their biggest shipper, she was happy for them both. Even she could hear the difference in his voice, saying he sounded much lighter than before, and before she got off the phone she said she’d have to meet Jask soon to judge for herself. He couldn’t find it in him to be nervous, if Jask was truly falling for him, he’d have to get used to Hera too — not that he doubted him.
The look on his face suggested he was kidding, and Ares just rolled his eyes. “Pfft, I wouldn’t let you go anywhere. I have handcuffs.”
“His eyes? Wait... you have a crush? I knew it! And you had the nerve to hang up on me!” Sam teased and kicked Dean’s boot.
That makes Ares sit up and look around the room with a weird face Cas can’t quite pinpoint, but it’s gone a second later. “It’s extremely rare that two young people communicate in a healthy way, that’s something we pick up along the way... or don’t.” He chuckles. “Not everyone does.”
“Thank you! See, you know you miss me,” She said with a smile, pulling out her card.
like the devil, his eyes are that real red-brown color. Looks kinda creepy when the lights dim.” He leads Dean past a much bigger, nicer looking rec area than the one in D, then down a hallway with solid doors. “This is us.” He taps the third door down on the right and opens it up, and it actually does look like a college dorm — two actual beds, a desk, and a door that might be to a closet.
Dean groaned, pinning Cas’ face down as he drilled into him to chase his release. “Fuck... Cas... fuckin’ lo—.” He slammed inside, filling him up for the first time.
He might never look at him the same again.
“Not my favorite kinda come down by any means, but I usually just jog until I’m a couple minutes away, and walk it off. We going home to get cleaned up first, or should we make everyone at that little diner around the corner smell us?”
“Hell yeah! I owe you a big one for that. Asshat would have demolished that pie.” Dean stood up and started cleaning the grill. He always took good care of it, and made a face at the state J left it in. “Ugh, he didn’t try at all to clean this damn grease off, he’s not allowed to touch my grill either, anymore.”
The way he was looking at Cas had him feeling slightly nervous. “Why?”
It wasn’t necessary, but he fingered him while kissing along his hip and ass, his other hand reached around to stroke him. P shuddered and reached behind him to run his fingers through Dean’s hair, gently tugging him up.
Benny rushed inside the house and froze when he saw them. “Ya’ll need a moment?” he teased, not looking surprised in the slightest. “Thought you needed backup.”
No way a man like you just sits on his ass all day.”
When he wraps his arms around him and practically lifts Cas off the floor, he can tell Dean is happy to see him too. Not surprisingly, they end up backed against the wall and making out like a couple of horny high schoolers.
“Uh...” He paused, making Cas slightly nervous as he contemplated his answer. “I think that depends on the couple honestly, but if you mean us… I think it means exclusive, but also more than that. Committing is also being dedicated to them right? Like, being there for them and puttin’ them first?”
As they came down, Cas peppered kisses over Dean’s shirt until he started to slip out. “Clench for me, sweetheart.” He retrieved the plug and rinsed it off, then slowly worked it back into Dean’s stretched hole. “There. All better.”
He shouldn’t have been surprised, but the realization he may never see his house again actually stung a little. He liked that damn house and all its damn windows.
Grateful he’d already pulled bacon out for the following morning, he made Dean some scrambled cheesy eggs, bacon, and toast. He threw it all on a paper plate and grabbed a Gatorade, then made his way up to Dean’s room.
Cas rolled his eyes heavily, crossing his arms. “Werewolf. So, that leaves us with a ghost, a vampire, a witch, and a werewolf.”
Part of Cas knows they're putting something off here that they shouldn't be, but right now, he's so desperate to finally get Dean’s hands on him that he doesn't care. He nods quickly, fumbling to properly undo his pants as Dean does the same, and they tumble back onto the cot together all breathless and equally desperate.
Dean shakes his head slightly. “You... wouldn’t believe me. No one ever does, so I learned to just... not say it. I traveled all over the US to where I was needed, and you can’t really have a normal life with all that traveling y’know?”
As worried as Dean was, he got it. Dreams were personal, especially nightmares.
“Me too.” Dean mumbles, his body shuddering above him. When he finally can’t take it anymore, Dean pulls back and rushes out, “comewithme” seconds before slamming their mouths back together.
Cas shrugged, taking his suit jacket back and sliding it on. “Honestly? Part of me hopes so. It’ll be a lot easier to hide his body if I don’t need to drag him ass-first out of this hotel.”
Cas frowned and retracted his hand to reach in his jacket pocket, pulling out the thick folded stack and the sound of rain slapping against the papers echoed around them.
The next couple of weeks are a blur, and Cas keeps disappearing at random times. Cain stays where he's at, which is nice, but The Devil's gone too, and no one seems to be telling Dean anything.
Cas apologized first, because he did nothing to help their situation those few days and he was the one that walked in here demanding Dean to use words.
Within minutes of those thoughts, he decided it just wouldn’t fucking do.
Chuckling, Dean pushed himself off the floor. “I didn’t, actually. I had to throw my boxers away cause all we did was dry hump against the lockers.”
Dean’s eyes widened and then he grinned slowly. “That was hot, Cas. But you’ve met me.” He slid his tongue across his top lip and then glanced over where Cole was walking in.
“Yeah... I know. I believe you, Cas.” Dean peeked out the window and abruptly turned his head down. “Um... shit... we’re real high up.”
Cas gently nudged Dean and smiled lightly when he looked up. “If it helps, sometimes I wake up in the middle of the night screaming it.”
“I’ll take door number two. Kinda feel like deckin’ someone before I get off. Then you can give me some soufflé.”
Dean groaned and laid his head back against Cas’ arm. “God. I miss your cock.”
“No.”
be a part of his spank bank.
? I have to tell him.”
“Whoa,” Jask whispers, holding up his hands in mock defense — or, maybe very real defense. “D, think about this before you go.” Dean doesn't listen, he pushes past him and keeps walking, and Jask jogs to keep up as they cross the street with no regard to traffic. “Damnit, Dean.”
Dean yanked Cas back up so he could reach him, not hesitating to follow through and work the plug out of Cas’ ass. He gripped his own cock then, kissing Cas again quickly. “Side table, there’s lube.”
how to make each other tick.
Coming was an entirely different situation. Porn never failed him, why was it now? It took him closing his eyes and listening to the moans and grunts to finally get little Seger on board.
could have prepared Cas for it.
The thoughts had him floating through the day in a daze, hardly listening to a word anyone said. When he parked in front of their house that evening, he stared at the steering wheel for so long that Jask’s car pulled up as he was getting out.
Cas was frowning at his hand as his eyes flooded a mix of orange and yellow, letting Dean know he was concerned for him. He saw when Cas pulled out his phone, and knew the vibrations in his pocket meant Cas had texted him, but he couldn’t read it yet.
Dean growled and flipped Cas around, pinning him against the hood and sucking yet another mark on his neck as he slotted himself between Cas’ legs.
“Jimmy’s just a ray of sunshine, especially since he lost his v-card,” Cas teased, trying anything to feel like a normal teenager again.
“Fuck..” The man heaved a breath and laughed quietly. “You got a lotta come, buddy. I like it.”
“Shit... I just ate a whole pie, too... I gotta work out.” Dean took two steps and rubbed his belly. “Maybe in like an hour.”
Cas opened his mouth to respond but Jask cut him off. “Pie? Damn, we got here at the right time.” Cas tilted his head and shook it slightly, exhaling like he was trying to meditate.
Cas rubbed his jaw and paced the room, pulling off his tie completely and tossing it on the dresser. He was still trying to work out how he was supposed to sleep and keep Dean safe at the same time when the man himself finally came out of the bathroom.
Dean watched him go with a grin and then looked around. “I forgot... uh... something, bye.” He sprinted in the house after Cas, and the second he entered the kitchen, Cas caged him against the refrigerator and kissed him until they were both breathless and hard in their shorts.
“Alright... I just wish I could like... clone them, so I just had more of
“Aw, dammit. She said Ares.” Dean slid his phone in his pocket and tapped on the back of the couch. “I called. You get to email.”
When Dean opened it, a delicious smell wafted toward him and Cas closed his eyes, sniffing deeply and rocking up on his toes. “Smells incredible, Dean.”
Leaving that tight, warm space was a nightmare, but he did it, tying off the condom and walking behind the bar to throw it away and give Dean a second to breathe.
Already, it no longer felt like home. “Hello, Ares,” he said quietly. He wasn’t sure if he should hug him or not, kiss him, even. It seemed wrong, but they
Dean searched for his phone to call him again. “Asshat better answer, too!”
“I don’t know what I’m doing,” Cas said honestly. “I leave tonight, and while I know it’s only a month, I’m a little concerned we’ve made the wrong decision here.”
“Will you... be my boyfriend, Cas?”
He opened the second file and relaxed slightly — Jaskier was extremely handsome, but Cas would take both Dean and Ares over him. There was little chance he’d end up screwing anything up, but he couldn’t help but selfishly wish he could’ve gotten paired with Dean. He wanted to see that smile animated. Trying to focus on Jask, Cas sighed. “I can only imagine how much Draino they go through.”
He reluctantly got out of the car and made his way back inside, just in time to see Dean backing away from an enraged fan.
“She’s not wrong, Dean. We offered to help, and we need to get done with this soon. We both still need to get dressed.”
“Well, shucks.” He smirked and bumped Cas with his elbow. “Thanks. He probably would have. Not like he could help it, look at you.” Dean got up and went to make another drink.
“Look!” Matt walked over toward an old lockbox and popped it open.
“No.”
prepared for a job in my life. I still don't really understand the arrangement, I have no idea who else even works for him, and I still want to smack him at least 80% of the time.” He pauses, leaning forward against the counter as the griddle heats up. “What am I doing here?”
His cock finds Dean prostate and he tosses his head back with a groan as his cock rubs on Frenchie’s stomach. “Fuck... I’m gonna—”
Cas’ eyes widened as he suddenly found himself on the floor with a large figure hovering over him. A very
“I know.” Dean blows a kiss and then darts out to his car. If he didn’t need this job, he’d tell Crowley to go to hell — not that he’s ever done that before. He’s always been all about overtime, but that was before he had someone he wanted to spend every waking hour with. For the first time in a long time, Dean has someone to come home to, and not just someone... he has
“Good, so good…” Cas’ hand fists in his hair but doesn't move him, just holds on like he's trying to keep himself steady. He pushes deeper. “Does that feel good, Dean? Having my cock buried in your throat?”
“Not a big deal. Don’t gotta explain shit to me.” Dean starts eating, staring down at his plate and eating quickly. He looks around after a few bites and sees Benny, letting their eyes linger a little longer than he should and then looks away.
“Can’t wait then.” Dean winked and made his way to the couch. “You know my username was AdorableBatman on that dating app?”
Dean frowned, most of his fans
"I wouldn't be mad if you did. I tend to be the more bossy one in bed, though." Dean winked again and walked toward the doorway. "I'll get our plates ready while you get comfortable. Feel free to snoop all you want, you wanna beer?"
She spurted a laugh, her voice getting distant for a moment like she pulled the phone away from her ear. “Jesus, Dean. Seriously, stop. It’s weirding me out. We’ll get through this together, doing the absolute bare minimum of shit we have to do. But yes, I will.”
“You should sleep soon, sweetheart. You need to be a normal human tomorrow for the first time in your life. I'm sure it'll be exhausting.”
“I don’t care, did he hurt you? Did he touch you inappropriately? No, he didn’t. Ever think you might have had something on your ass he saw? Maybe don’t flatter yourself.”
way he was going to make it to that damned English class.
“That puts a kink in things. Surprised Dean hasn’t asked you to fuck him. He’s needy, sometimes.” Jask walked back to the couch. “Sure you’re not a switch?”
“I kinda pictured a hippo with glasses and a purple dress, tappin’ her foot at Ares like ‘keep your mouth shut young man’.” Dean mocks an old lady’s voice and sits down, tapping his lap so Cas can sit on him.
His phone rang, startling them both after a minute of silence and when he saw Dean’s number, he nearly didn’t answer. April was practically in tears and he felt horrible, but he didn’t want to ignore his husband. “Dean, this isn’t a good time.”
Ares climbed into his lap and then looked around like he forgot others were around. “Oh, is this not what you meant?”
with his vows. “I love you. And you don’t give yourself enough credit, sweetheart. You are better with words than even me sometimes.” He smiled and cleared his throat. “I wanted to start by saying thank you. Thank you for believing in me when I didn’t anymore, for fighting for us and showing me there was still something to fight for. Our flame will
He seated himself a little more carefully than he had that morning, head tipped back and jaw slack as Cas split him open. “Fuck, I love every part of you, Cas,” Dean moaned.
The whimper Cas released was pathetic, but he didn’t care. For the first time ever, Dean wasn’t fighting himself. He pulled back and kissed down Dean’s neck, grinding his ass down onto him. “Dean...”
“Kinky.” The kid's eyes changed slightly as he licked his lips, but Dean wasn’t close enough to make it out. His eyes traveled down Dean’s frame like he was in deep thought before he shook his head a little bit and sat up. “Mine is actually about the Civil War. Do you think those ridiculous war reenactments in the south help our country at all? I mean aren’t they kind of... stupid and repressive?”
Dean swallowed thickly and Jimmy swore under his breath, stabbing his spaghetti with his fork. “Can I just belong to a normal family for like five minutes?”
“Of course, I’ll bring your drinks out in just a moment.” She placed a hand on Dean’s shoulder and squeezed lightly, then leaned down. “You know… you’ve got a lot of friends here. Don’t hesitate to ask if you need something, okay?” She winked before walking away, but it wasn’t suggestive, it was… like they shared a secret.
The noise he releases would have been embarrassing if he could bring himself to care. Dean’s wanted this since the night he met Cas, and now that it’s finally happening, he has to use all his brain power to ensure he doesn’t quickshot the poor guy thirty seconds in. “Cas... that’s... friggin awesome.”
“Okay, and what? We just disappear and then what? For how long before I’m up to my neck in legal fees? Cas really has a car?” The possibility of just running away with Cas was actually enticing... but he was sick of hiding. Wasn’t running the same shit?
“Yes, Sam. You do that. It's your turn to
For a moment, Cas regrets wanting to go anywhere. He's content right where he is, but… Dean deserves more. “Brazil. As it turns out, they're better than the rest of us. How would you feel about matching Brazilian shirts? Is that a thing?”
The places Cas’ mind went at the word ‘uniform’ were making him realize he probably should’ve waited until
Ishim chuckled as he landed, rolling onto his back and rubbing his throat. “Little slut wanted it rough, I was giving him what he wanted.”
“Yeah, maybe. I’ll check in more often, sorry. I just checked out for a bit, but I already feel better. I needed to get away. I do still feel bad for basically outing you, too. That wasn’t fair to you.” Cas reached for his hand and he took it happily, bringing it up to kiss it multiple times.
“Yes,” he whispered, his fingers curling against Dean’s back. “Kiss me.”
Cas closed his eyes and pressed his lips to the back of Dean’s head and held there. He knew he was shaking, with anger and sadness and also just... Dean. They’d never been that close before, and every single fiber of Cas’ being knew it. “I’m so sorry. What can I do?”
“Fuck, I’m gonna marry you one day!” Dean’s head fell back in pleasure, and Cas’ body worked out what he said before his brain did.
"Touch yourself, baby." Dean tightened around Cas, his fingers digging into his skin as he sped up, fully humping Cas and kissing along his neck. "You're so perfect... so beautiful. This ass deserves to be worshiped, sweetheart. I just wanna worship it the rest of my life. Fuck... m'close."
The shit was boring as hell until the DJ arrived, and then Dean started to have some fun. He didn’t care if he was the only one dancing, the fond look on Cas’ face made it worth it.
They texted longer than ever before, making the plans for their next meet and somehow getting on the subject of Greek Mythology again, but all too soon, they said their goodbyes.
He ended up coming down the drain again before cleaning himself off, and with how good Cas looked, he knew he had to wear his nicest red button up.
I was a fucking asshole to you, Cas. I didn’t deserve you, no matter how bad I wanted you. I treated you badly because I hoped it’d push you away you’d find someone worthy of you. But after the things you said... I— I want to see what you see. I do. I just didn’t. I don’t think I ever could... at least down there... but here? I dunno... maybe I can be something I’ve never been before. Someone worthy of an angel.”
Cas blinked, trying to judge how serious Dean was. Knowing him as well as Cas did, it was obvious that Dean wouldn’t have said anything at all if he didn’t firmly believe it, so reluctantly, Cas nodded.
Cas waits until he swallows the bite he's taken to answer. “Good. Does this mean that we can go on a proper date this evening? I put out, if that's any incentive.”
Things were simpler then. Gabe’s right, before he decided to dedicate his existence to helping prisoners, he'd gone down a pretty dark road himself. Humans, monsters, other angels… demons. Cas had tried them all, and loved them all. But Dean? It’s almost cruel how badly Cas wants him even after just one day. “Those days are behind me, Gabriel. You know this, I think I've proven it.”
He had struggled to sleep in that dumb hotel bed, especially knowing Cas might arrive at any moment. He hadn’t responded by the time Dean finally fell asleep, but he hoped that meant he was in the air and would be there in the morning. He
"Mmhm." Cas walked by, getting a nice whiff of Dean's delicious cologne and ran a finger along his back as he passed before plopping into his seat next to Jimmy. "What's for dinner? I'm dying for some meat."
That pie was nearly gone when Cas surfaced again. “Did he leave?”
“I got you, D.”
“Night, dick.” Dean rolled over and tried to recall his dream but it was long gone. If he had to pick, the blowjob was much better anyway.
And then it hit him. Silver.
Dean was staring at him with an unreadable expression that quickly turned into a soft smile. “Yeah? We can watch whatever you want, I’m not all that picky.”
“I know... and I love it. But, he has you wrapped around his little paw, so we’ll see.” He brought his lips to Dean’s neck and then rested his chin on his shoulder. “He’s kinda cute.”
“Don’tyoufuckindare,” he rushes out behind Cas’ hand, pushing back even harder and suddenly he feels another orgasm building in his gut. “Don’t stop. Oh, fu— Cas. M’gonna come again,” he mumbles much too loud.
It wasn’t like he expected special treatment, but he didn’t expect this.
Jimmy fake frowned. “Oh, what a shame, all the teachers will want to screw me.” Amara gave him a look and Jimmy clicked his tongue. “Sorry, Aunt. He makes me like this, I swear. Besides... I’m taken. Or... will be soon, hopefully.”
His very first class didn’t turn out too bad, even though every student in it had grey eyes.
“Course. You can stay there all night, Cas.”
“Of course, Dean.” Cas hesitated, but moved his hand to pull his phone out of his pocket. A moment later, it disappeared again. “There, I sent you a text.”
“And I love him. After everything, marrying him is still the best decision I’ve ever made.” He couldn’t stop smiling as he shrugged on his jacket and ran a hand through his hair. “Have the pies arrived? My baby needs his pies.”
“Shit, you weren't kidding. Sucked a lot of cocks before, huh?” He snaps his hips a little faster as his breathing speeds up, and all Dean has to do is meet his eyes for him to slide out and start stroking himself above Dean’s face. “Right there, open wide. Gonna watch it paint that pretty fucking mouth…”
An almost predatory grin crept across his professor’s face. “No, please. Continue. Who knows, it might open up an interesting line of inquiry with the rest of the class. I’m assuming it was related to the subject at hand, and not some…
drunk,” Cas counters. “And I'm definitely not too drunk to consent. Ask sober me any day and he’ll say the same thing… probably.” Dean’s eyes widen, so Cas adds quickly, “Sober me is a chicken shit. The only reason I might not say it sober is because I've been afraid you'd deny me for years, and look.” He grabs his bag and makes his way out of the cell. “Instant regret on your part. I’ll walk home, don't worry about me driving.”
Dean drops down and sucks the head of his cock just as he begins to come. It tastes better than the others too, so he gets a little greedy sucking him dry.
Though Dean can’t really pick up on it at the time, there’s nothing but amusement in that omega’s eyes. He takes his instant compliance for submission, at least until he turns his head and raises his ass. “You know… usually I'd make you buy me dinner first.”
“Not at all.” Jask turns to the door and opens it, walking inside with him. “He normally wakes up around nine though... maybe even later today, but he’ll need some greasy ass food if y’know what I mean.”
best part of wakin’ up.”
That wasn’t the dancing Cas had in mind, but as Dean shimmied his way back over, he realized he couldn’t have picked a better song. “I’m not calling you Al, no matter how many times you make me listen to this.”
The smell was intoxicating, and Cas picked up his utensils and eyed the lid of the dish. “Yes, you could say that they kissed and made up. Thank you for lunch… again.”
“Hell yes. Well... almost. I need some grub.”
From here, Dean can see the oil all over the wall and sliding down Cas' back, but gets distracted as Cas kisses his neck again. Dean bares his neck with a happy sigh. “What's that stuff coming out of your wings? Do they come too?”
Cas’ final shift wasn't as bad as he expected, but he got caught up finishing paperwork and then had to attend that party. The second Castiel’s phone died, he began to panic. He was late as it was, and if he missed Dean, all of this could go wrong. He picked that restaurant on purpose, feeling like it was a good place to destroy those damned papers once in for all. Calling Dean there to sign divorce papers was one of Cas’ biggest mistakes, only bested by leaving Dean to begin with.
“Right. Maybe we should play on that? Tell me more about him.” Dr. Montague sits back to listen.
Jask beams, then skirts around his fiancé to come ruffle Cas’ hair. That alone was annoying, but then the giant oaf puts him in a headlock. “No worries, Cas. I work in mysterious ways.”
“Probably because you fire so many people that my job never ends, and therefore I never get laid.” Cas raised a single eyebrow, looking down at Dean. “And... I’d ask you the same question in return, but neither one of you have exactly made a secret of it.” He nodded toward the back of the cabin. “I’ll get you that food.”
Shutting up sounded like an excellent idea, so that’s exactly what he did.
“Fine. I’ll let them know. Thanks.” He started eating, staring down at his plate. At least he’d been distracted enough that the flight was ending soon, he missed his fucking dog, and even more, he missed his damn bed. He had the most comfortable bed in the world, no one would convince him otherwise.
“I’m not a bully, he looked at my ass.” He argued.
She was about to respond just as Cas was making his way back, and
He stopped pacing and pulled his nail from his teeth. “Yeah... wanna watch another comedy?” Dean walked towards his theater with Cas on his heels.
Dean blushed, and if it were anyone other than Cas asking, he probably would’ve lied. “Yeah, I have. Been a while, though.”
Cain narrows his gaze, taking a step in. “Look at him. Look at how weak he is. You choose that?!”
Tell me everything.”
“Nah. We’d never let that happen, Charles.” Dean turns to grab their dinner and starts setting everything out with an amused expression. “She ever try to get fresh with you, Cas? She
“It’s honestly a travesty that you didn’t.” Cas set down his mug, feeling terrible that he cost Dean yet another form of pleasure. “Go, finish.” He pushed Dean lightly, trying not to gasp at how firm and solid he felt under Cas’ palms.
If he dreamed about the being the statue was based on, that was his business.
“I— fuck... Cas!” Dean’s whole body tightens up when he releases, coming in multiple white spurts all over the bathroom counter with a groan that echoes off the walls.
“No. Maybe you can talk to them?” He coughed some more and groaned. “How’s that roommate? Still just friends?”
Dean scoffed and rolled his eyes. “I’m a fucking joy to be around.”
The raspberry Kato blows nearly has Cas blushing. “That long of a night, huh? Well
Cas nodded once, even as thoughts of Dean bending him over his desk ran through his head. “Yes, of course. Thank you.”
Garrett scoffs. “Didn't know you had a microdick, Winchester. Must be nice that it's so small you can flick it like a clit and no one notices.”
tight and Dean didn’t want to hurt him. He pulled out a small bottle of his own and squirted it on his cock, elated not to have to use a condom. He lined up behind P and tapped their code against his arm, giving him one last chance to back out but praying he wouldn’t.
Dean pulled his bottom lip between his teeth and slid his jeans down more. The second his cock breached the hole, P was on him, hungrily sucking him off like he was poisoned and the flavor of Dean’s come was the only antidote left on Earth. He groaned, unable to mute himself, and rested his forehead against that dingy wall, wishing he had something to hold onto.
The man was hesitant but reached for the pen. “Is it even worth it? I won’t ask who it is, but... does he at least have a nice ass?” He sighed on the line and slid it over, pulling out his personal belongings.
We’re past formalities at this point, right?” Jimmy moved aside as Cas yelled that he would be down in a minute. Amara wasn’t downstairs either yet, leaving him and Jimmy sitting together at the kitchen table. “So... Castiel, huh? You know you could have had basically any student at that school, and you picked the one that secretly cries at Disney movies?” He offered a soft smile to show he was only teasing.
Cas had the car pulled off in a matter of seconds and they both watched the phone with horrified expressions.
pieces of furniture, albeit in very different ways. “I don’t really follow sports. Occasionally hockey, but even then, I don’t have a preference when it comes to teams. I just enjoy watching the games. I’d ask you who your team is, but… it would be disingenuous, since I don’t know anything about any of the teams.”
He turned away — knowing
“Me too.” Dean started playing with his hair. “I already don’t wanna sleep apart tomorrow. You’re the pillow I didn’t know I needed.”
A compliant Dean was a Dean that Cas could very much get on board with, so when he stripped down and turned on the water, he jerked his head toward the shower. “You first, sucking you off turns me on too much and if
Warmth spread through him and Cas saw endless possibilities for the future. One way or the other, they’d figure it out. He tilted his head to kiss the underside of Dean’s jaw and grinned. “I just have one question for you, Dean. Do you like lemonade?”
“Dean. You seem... happy. You like it back here?” He follows, looking around nosily and checking out Az's ass with a grin.
"I like anything where you're touchin' me Cas. But this feels great, you're comfy as hell." He huffed a laugh and closed his eyes, his mind thinking about how this will be once they came back from their meetups.
(See the end of the chapter for
Jask clasped his hands together in front of him and stared at the ceiling, mouthing a thank you to the higher powers that created something as exquisite as Ares and somehow let Jask’s path cross with his. He could be a good boy and wait until tomorrow… or, at least until morning. With a spring in his step, he quickly put away the rest of his things, and joined Ares in the kitchen. “You really expect me to keep my hands off you for a whole day?”
But apparently, when it came to Dean... reason went out the window.
Cas laughed and put the book away. “I think we were both on dates with other people, but yes. That was the first time we hung out. We saw… what was it, some cheesy horror movie? And then there was a bonfire after, wasn’t there?”
Cas barely had time to register the fact that
“So, it’s just
He pushed his way through the crowd and caught sight of Dean, jerking his head subtly to the right. Relief flooded his body when Dean ducked to the side and headed toward the opposite exit, pulling his hood up and avoiding the hoard people still screaming questions at him with Jody on his heels.
Dean hummed and reached down to stroke J’s cock, kissing him back in a way that said thank you. Not only for the massage, but for being such an awesome person.
Jask fisted one hand in Ares’ hair and tugged as the other held his hip, using both to bow that gorgeous body. From that point, Jask didn’t think of a single thing other than getting Ares to come for a second time. He snapped his hips, angling deep as he bit back a moan. “How’s it feel knowing you’re getting your own come fucked into you?”
Cas knew Dean wasn’t understanding, and that he was actually going to have to say it. “It’s deeper than that, Dean. There are some…”
To make himself feel better, he went to the bar that night, looking and searching for validation from... whoever, he wasn’t picky. If all else failed, there was still Benny.
because he has to.
Cas sighed and rubbed the sleep from his eyes. “Nothing to talk about, Dean. It was just a graphic dream. It wasn’t real. What time is it?”
“No... Cas.” Dean stumbled over his words, not sure of how to tell Cas that it was okay. He realized the best way was to show him so he moved the bag letting Cas see for himself that
Without hesitation, he shoves his sweats down below his ass, his hardened cock springing free and slapping Cas’ chin. It makes Dean giggle like a child and he ruts forward to sliding the head along Cas’ jaw.
“Laws are so stupid. I can get married and fuck who I want at 16 but I can’t go buy condoms until I’m 18. I have to ask my damn aunt for them, it’s ridiculous.”
definitely wasn’t helping his internal crisis. Dean flipped the station, hoping Cas didn’t notice the tremble in his hand.
Ashton actually looked at her with what seemed like genuine affection, and Dean started to wonder if he’d missed something. “You guys make pie? I love me some pie.” He winked at her and turned to the next group, getting their story, on and on until he’d heard from everyone. “Great. Guess what? The United States has just entered a war, and we’re short on troops. Does anyone wanna come willingly?”
else he tell you? That I love pie more than him?”
Dean met his eyes. “What does my file say?”
“You okay?”
Normally, Cas wouldn’t dream of speaking like this to someone he was interested in, but the anonymous aspect helped tremendously. He knew he could say the raunchiest thing that came to his mind and it would only end up making the situation better, not worse. There was a definite freedom in that.
Dean huffed a laugh and shrugged, pulling off his shirt and then his pants. “You got it, babe. Tell me where to be.”
The doctor’s smile fades, but only slightly. “I meant… right. You've been here before?”
Jask had the nerve to blush. “No. Maybe. Yes.”
That was truthfully the only part of the lyrics he knew, but that didn’t stop Dean from improvising. “I looked for love… in a truck stop bathroom.”
“I feel the same. Long as I always have you.” Dean pulled him in for another kiss, smiling slightly against his lips.
known that's..." He squints, getting angry all over again. "You're so... fucking... spoiled!" He shoves him again, growling with irritation. "You think you can just go fuck with people's lives like that?"
A grin spread across his face, and Dean knew that for the time being, that answer was more than good enough. Things were complicated enough without moving in with each other.
Everything felt stupid. He finally settled on a lame:
He wondered how Cas was doing with living with someone so obnoxiously gorgeous.
Jask’s eyes widened and he quickly jumped up. “No fucking way. Straight-laced is tatted!? Let me see them.”
“I honestly don’t. I just couldn’t help it. You have a pretty dick, Cas.” Dean kissed him back and rutted against his hand.
“It'll be my first stop. I'm so sorry this happened, Dean. He was supposed to be guarded.” He kisses him gently and then stands, holding onto his hand until he steps far enough away that it drops. “Just stay here, I'll be back as soon as I can.”
Cas nodded seriously, despite the flips his stomach was doing as Dean got closer. “Yes. Those two are not mutually exclusive. You drive me up the wall, and yet...” He raised one shoulder, stopping himself from gushing about love instead of lust.
He shoves his tray away and it clatters to the floor, scaring the shit out of Garth. The look on his face makes Dean pause just long enough to apologize before darting out of the cafeteria to find a guard — literally any guard at this point, anyone that might be able to help — and he finds Frenchie just outside the doors talking on the phone.
“That’s a good idea. Make it your own. What are you thinking? Classy colors, or going full gay with some purple walls?” She laughed at her joke and choked on her chow mein.
He hesitated a while, before finally hitting send.
A feral smile spreads across Ishim's face. “Well, it'll certainly help convince me to reopen negotiations. Get on your knees. Oh, and... if you bite me, my friend here will see to it that you'll be fed through a straw for the duration of your stay here. Understood?” He walks forward, jacking himself off.
Within seconds, Cas couldn’t take it anymore and was pushing back harder than normal. Woody finally took mercy on him and removed his fingers to lube up his cock.
“C’mon, Get in there. He can feel that’s fake. Let him get some licks.” Dean was probably enjoying this too much, but seeing Cas nervous with a puppy was just hilarious.
Fucker didn’t budge, so Dean took it upon himself to go get him. “Come dance with me, baby.”
“He can be your wife. I’m just setting the record straight that I’m your whore.” Jask wasn’t sure why the distinction bothered him so much, but it did. With a sigh, he looked down to see the picture of Castiel and Ares, and he smacked Dean’s arm. “Still gonna tell me they didn’t understand the fucking hand signals?”
Not one part of Cas wanted to move. His body was screaming at him to stay right where he was, to lean in just a little further and kiss that flushed skin...
“Did he hurt you?” Cas flinched at how small his voice sounded but didn’t let Dean go, he wasn’t sure if he
He wanted to do it in person, Dean wasn’t an asshole. But he knew he could never go back.
“Fuck off,” Dean growls, pulling out and slamming back in. He’s a fucking mess when he finds his pace, his teeth scratching along Cas’ scent gland as he plows into him. He vaguely hears someone talking to Jask, but the world fades away and all he can see, smell, and taste is Castiel.
“I… actually understand that reference.” Cas stands up, walking over and unmasking one of the dead vampire mimes. Blinking, he puts the mask back on. “No wonder they're wearing masks. If I were him, I wouldn't show my face in public, either.”
Cas was looking at him like he was about to start a fight just
Ketch nodded with a glint in his eye that set Cas’ teeth on edge, but his professor moved on to other topics and finally left him alone.
“He did actually, but they talk all the time.”
Dean pulled away from the kiss and rutted into him. “Give it to me, I’ll drop to my knees right now.”
Woody moved their position and started fucking into him, perfectly hitting his prostate with each thrust. The moment he reached around and started stroking Cas, the tightrope snapped.
dating thing halfway through, but instead… they’d started
he want to do in ten years? “Uh well... I don’t wanna go back to what I was. All it got me was this... and banned from a few bars along the way. I kinda wanna work on cars. I have this Impala... man, she’s a beauty. I rebuilt her from the ground up.” Dean’s face lights up as he remembers the rumble of the engine. “Man, I miss that car.”
Dean’s eyes roamed his torso and he reached out before he realized what he was doing. Cas was much skinnier than him, but he was still toned and muscular and just... fucking gorgeous.
“Hmm. Unfortunately, you know those dreams never let me have you like this,” Cas said as he spread the lube over his cock and lined up. “That's not to say my imagination didn't work overtime, though.”
Dean tilted his head to the side to bare his neck and immediately turned to putty when Cas bit that sweet spot by his ear. “Oh, god…
When the door shuts behind him, Lee bursts out laughing. “You should see your face.”
“What’re your favorite things about me?”
“C’mon, Cas. Just let me see them? Why not?” Dean sat on his stool in his sweatpants that night while Jask made him a sandwich.
“Oh, c’mon, now, chere. I don't pay for shit around these parts… I take it. How do you think I landed here in the first place?” Benny stands, reaching over to cup Dean’s chin. “Drop the soap, don't drop it, doesn’t make a lick of difference. I'll have you on your knees before lights out one way or the other. Take care, now. I'll be seein’ you soon… and good luck findin’ that Twinkie.”
He shrugged. “Dunno. Guess we’ll have to find out, huh?” They looked into it a little further, and when they saw the general guidelines, Jask groaned. “I forfeit. No way I make it a month without touching you.”
Cas moaned quietly and ended the kiss as gently as he could in an attempt to protect himself, knowing this was just a hookup for Dean. It needed to be over. That didn’t stop him from holding Dean close and planting one last kiss to his jaw. “Did I... loosen the suit enough for you?”
Ares hummed and bared his neck for those perfect hands, thinking of how he would miss them for at least a few weeks. “It was okay, nothing too crazy. Thank you for this dinner and the neck rub, baby. You’re beyond amazing.”
get laid? How’d you meet the aardvark?” Dean paced his hotel room after the event, stripping off his dumb fancy suit. It had been too damn long since he released some tension, and it was really showing in his mood.
have someone to pass them onto, who knew.
Dean knew Cas would kiss him regardless, but he was happy he wasn’t far from home, his mouth already felt dry but he puffed on his cigar and walked into Cas’ space. “Kiss me.”
Dean held out his hand for Cas’, smiling softly at him. “You said this was the line so...” He shrugged, anxiously waiting for Cas to accept his offer.
The blinding, solid yellow that suddenly appeared in Dean’s gaze scared the shit out of Cas.
Dean leaned in and kissed him again, this time much softer. “I know. We’ll wait. We’ll do it right. But I gotta go jack off or ima explode.”
Cas leaned his elbows on the table and let out a breath through his nose. “So don’t. Give yourself one day. We’ll get a motel, somewhere off the radar. Give yourself
“I have to say, I’m a little disappointed that the sight of me didn’t send you to your knees like you said it would, but yes...” Cas brought his hand up to Dean’s chin and guided him closer, until their lips were so damn close Dean couldn’t see them anymore. “I do.” He closed the distance, kissing Dean and wrapping his other hand around his back.
“Yeah. No more kids, alright? Three’s enough.” Dean laces their fingers together for the second time and looks down at them with a fond smile.
“You got it. You chose the hardest one to keep up with, but I have faith in you.” Dean winked and went to Netflix, searching for
“Hi,” he says, standing up and extending a hand. “I'm Dr. Montague, but you can call me Ares if you'd like.”
Cas had virtually no cell service there, but that suited him just fine, seeing as how he had no one to talk to anyway. He spent the first couple of hours attempting to start a fire in the large, gothic fireplace that graced the main room, and then relaxed in the vintage armchair as he listened to the crackle of the flames.
“Can’t trust anyone, man.” Dean tossed his phone and ran a hand down his face. “Doesn’t matter who it is, there’s always someth— never mind.” He glanced out the window with a sigh.
“One of my teachers.”
Sam tsk’d and got out of the car, bumping into Dean’s shoulder on the way inside. “If you didn’t insist on driving a classic car, you wouldn’t have to listen to my
Three chapters today, so make sure you read them all. (26, 27, 28)
Cas cleared his throat, studying his shoes. “Was it?”
Ares could already feel himself drifting off, feeling completely safe and content in Jask’s arms.
“Then don’t.” Dean slid Cas inside his mouth, flicking his tongue around the head and humming as he opened his throat for him.
The kiss ended way too damn soon, but P dropped his head to Dean’s shoulder and let out an unsteady breath, clenching the sides of Dean’s shirt.
“Ah... makes sense.” Dean mumbled around his food. “There’s more patties if you guys are hungry. Toss ’em on, junkless.”
“Ah fuc—Ca— so—” None of his sentence attempts take, and he’s just a moaning, groaning mess as he bounces on Cas’ perfect cock. “Can— come— please…”
“Yes, I work 12-6 but I’m off tomorrow. You?” Ares interlocked their fingers, just to have some sort of contact as they walked to the kitchen.
Getting to the end of the book was surreal. When he agreed to this project, he hadn’t really expected they’d do all fifty of them. He figured Cas would tap out of the whole
Ares arched his back, rutting up into the air, too turned on to care that his boner was on display.
article of clothing where it shouldn’t be.
“Congratulations, bitches!” She slugged Cas in the arm. “Why here anyway?”
The cars passing did nothing to distract Cas; nothing in the world could. The way Dean’s ass was gripping his cock was too good, and the memory of Dean’s mouth on him wasn't helping. He felt heat pooling in his gut way too soon, and found himself stroking Dean almost violently. “Fuck — Dean — don’t… don’t stop, I finally get to come inside you.”
It’s all the motivation he needs to jump up from the table and pay their bill.
The poor guy jerked so hard his knee hit the table and he grunted, but his eyes snapped right to Cas’ aunt. “I’m sorry,” she said quickly. “I didn’t mean to startle you.”
Jask nodded, smirking as Dean climbed back onto his lap. He wasn’t sure why he’d been worried — there was little chance either of them would find something better, and if they
“Could get used to this.” Dean ate happily, staring at Cas with a mix of awe and appreciation. “You’re the only person that’s ever fed me... literally fed me.”
“I’ve never met a man I couldn’t get to beg for it.”
“We do? Or you and Dean?” Ares pulled back to see his face.
joking, but that didn’t mean he didn’t deserve it. Dean decided he wouldn’t even tell him about the raise. Cas would find out eventually.
Dean whimpers, and it nearly has Cas caving then and there, but then he nods like the good boy he truly is and stares down at Cas with lust-blown eyes.
He wipes down his face and discards the towel, then sits there in the laundry room a while. It isn’t smart; anyone could just walk in... but he needs a moment to think about whether being someone’s bitch in prison is worth it or not.
They stopped holding hands only to load up their plates, and then they sat down opposite each other to eat. Cas picked at his slowly - he wasn’t sure what would happen after breakfast, and not one part of him wanted to leave.
Jask chuckled, and
As he walks away, he hears Dean bust up laughing. He only makes it a foot more before someone whistles, and the long haired bodyguard yells an “oi!” to get his attention.
He turns slowly, revealing two slits along his shoulder blades that disappear as giant, black wings unfold from his skin as he shudders.
Still, he was exhausted and grateful that Dean had a few days off from shooting and other appearances, because at least it meant Cas wouldn’t have to spend his time in hotel beds. Dean hadn’t been kidding, the one in the second suite was borderline glorious.
“Okay.” Dean started singing to Cas, doing anything to see that beautiful smile. “I feel free, Cas. Like... I know I’m not; I’m literally on the run, and I’ve never felt more free.”
“Maybe, but that’s funny if you think it’s gonna stop now.” Dean reached down and gripped his length, sliding his hand up and down. “Gonna help me out here, Cas? I’m already prepped for you.” Dean kept eye contact, because he truly didn’t think he could look away.
“It’s a wonder he likes you at all, Dean.” Kate fed Claire a bite of her pancakes and sighed when Claire spit it right back out. “Don’t ever have kids.”
“Yeah, okay.” Sam disappeared into the house and then came back with fresh cold brews. “So... you remember my math teacher, Miss Barnes?” He blushed, and Dean already knew what he was about to say.
Dean was a goner before he ever bottomed out.
“Shit.” Dean huffed a laugh and sent one back.
Cas let out a breathy moan and shoved his jeans down, running his hand through Dean’s hair and guiding him closer. “Open your mouth.”
Sure as shit, they had to do the take like six times because Ashton couldn’t get his shit together enough to make them seem like different people. Dean shook his head and wandered off toward the snack table as Ashton got pointers for something that shoulda been simple. He grumbled to himself, “Shoulda given
“Peachy.” Cas set his backpack down and braced his hands against a desk. “Why do you care if I’m okay? I’m here, isn’t that all that matters,
Adam nodded and led the way to the kitchen, where the smell of bacon wafted quickly to Dean’s nose. He pointed at the stove and a stack of plates next to it. “Help yourself. We weren’t sure what you liked or what you were even allowed to eat, so Kate made a little of everything.”
“Go ahead... I’ll be right here getting off.” Ares reached inside his briefs and gripped his length, sliding his hand up and down before Jask even had the opportunity to walk away.
things clouded his judgement. But even fearing for his job, he didn’t regret it for a moment.
“He just never stops. The way he says my name is annoying.” Ares frowned and leaned forward, his elbows on his knees. “Do you have a boyfriend?”
“I’d expect nothing less from you, Dean.” Cas grinned, shifting slightly so they fit more comfortably together. Cas knew on some level he should tell Dean that Ishim figured out who he was, but it didn’t seem like the right time. Dean had been through enough already, and telling him that would only make it worse. But there was one thing he needed to confess, if for no other reason than Dean should know that his
“That doesn’t kill my boner at all... it’s actually the opposite.” Cas nodded down at his heavy cock. “He’s in love too, I guess.”
”Every day of my life,” he says quietly. “The saddest part of it is that I don't want it to stop. I'm terrified it's going to stop, and one day I'll wake up and forget what he looked like.”
followed by a hissed, “Damnit.”
“Right, that makes sense. I... meant this particular development, though. You guys are doing a really nice job so far. I’m sorry I wasn’t clear.” He averted his eyes and spotted Sam several yards off. “I’ll see if he needs any help. My name is Matt, by the way. Not Mark. Common mistake.”
Hael spoke in a horrible southern accent and hooked their arms. “Why, hello there, we’re Mr. and Mrs. Booth, and we own a bakery down on third.”
“Who cares? Bet they join in eventually.” He stared into those breathtaking eyes and swooned. “Have I told you that you’re beautiful?”
“I honestly don’t know yet, Dean. It’s too soon, and I think we’re only seeing half of the story so far.” He ate another fry and took a sip. “I’m always on high alert when it comes to you, so if it makes you feel better… my personal response to this won’t change either way.”
It was times like this he wished he had a fake ID, then he’d have bar options, but as it was, he ended up at Rocky’s.
Half panicked, Cas glanced toward Dean’s door to make sure he was still inside of his room. “That’s not... no. It’s not like that. I don’t want that.”
“Like this guy already. You look familiar, though.” He eyed Cas a second and then shrugged. “Do you provide the condom?”
“Deal.” Dean looks up instantly. “You got a deal. I think combined we make as much as you, anyway.”
“No?” Dean slowly dropped to his knees and kissed a line across Cas’ waist. “Then I guess I’ll be sure to give you a good first impression. Hand me the soap.”
“Probably... but we can definitely make a movie about this and people would think we’re crazy.” Ares chuckled and melted into him. “But I just don’t care. I’d rather be crazy with you than sane with anyone else.”
Cas’ gaze drops to watch his tongue, and he sucks in a quiet breath. “I… would really like to kiss you right now, Dean.”
Aware that this wasn’t a great start to the conversation he wanted to have, Cas hugged him back and held a little longer than normal. “I’ll miss you, too.”
“Yes, Sir.” Dean grins but it’s swallowed up by Cas’ lips. Their bodies fit so damn perfectly together and he straddles Cas’ body to deepen the kiss. Cas grips his ass and spreads his cheeks apart as he ruts up, but the kiss stays slow and lazy. Dean pulls back with a whimper, kissing down to his neck before rolling off. “Fuck... I wanna stay.”
“Damn... you know I’m down.” Once the game started, both of them were muscling the cup too hard from excitement, but once they got a rhythm, it was on. The damn shot glass went back and forth over and over, and Dean realized how bad Jask wanted to win.
Ishim sucks his teeth like a creep as they exit the cafeteria and head toward the laundry room. “Should've just taken the Twinkie… things would've gone a lot smoother for you.”
Awake or asleep, good or bad… there wasn’t much of anything that could pull his attention away from Ares, and Dean, Cas, the whole rest of the world would just have to get over it.
kiss. Was it even considered a kiss? The damn strawberry fell and Dean just... didn't stop in time.
They're barely a half-mile from the prison, but Cas laughs, smiling against his lips and wrapping his arms around him. “You never deserved to be in there, Dean. You're a good man, a
“Yes, Dean. I liked everything about
“Not technically. You had a modesty pouch.” Cas laughed again and it sounded like he got closer to the door. “You’re right. Beg me, and I’ll show you.”
do something else for him.
Cas shook his head a little, knowing he’d never stood a chance. Dean would’ve been it for him no matter what. He leaned in close, flicking his tongue over Dean’s earlobe and whispering back, “I’m still wearing that plug. Let’s go celebrate in the bathroom.”
“What? Pie? That doesn’t count, that’s dessert.” Jask argued and Dean could have sworn he heard Cas chuckle to himself, but when he glanced over, his face was as stoic as ever.
“No. I spend all of my time here, and it would be borderline disgusting for me to have sex with a guard, and wildly inappropriate to do so with an inmate. Particularly this group, considering all of your previous experiences. It doesn't mean I don't still understand desire, though. Wanting intimacy is a normal part of being human.”
Except he doesn’t even turn his gaze. “Heya, Sammy. Glad you’re here, be with you in a moment, check out the view. Cas... I love you too, dumbass. Thought
He closed the door, letting out a short breath as he triple checked he had everything he needed for the morning.
He didn’t want Dean drowning, but he had to push the fear aside so he could focus on what Dean was doing for him. It was hard, but when Dean pressed his finger just behind Cas’ balls his fist tightened in his hair as he spilled down his throat and lifted him off. “That was... different. Are you okay?” He touched his face softly.
“Right.” Cas taps the clipboard and picks on someone else, but his eyes keep finding their way back to Dean.
Dean sucked in a little breath, looking at the outlines of their bodies under the fabric. “Yeah, that’s… that’s better. I mean, awesome. I… wait. None of that is what you asked me… What’d you ask me?”
“He left like five minutes ago. Benny is comin’ in a bit I think... you’d know better than me.” Dean looked like he might be having the same internal struggle as Cas before he shrugged and looked down at his phone.
He ultimately decided not to, and when Ares got home from work, Jask had dinner on the table. He kept the conversation normal while they ate, and after, he did the dishes without complaint. “I know it’s my turn to lead or whatever, but this is normally the time I tell Dean to pick what we do, so… congrats. You’re now Dean.”
Saturday morning, Dean woke up while Cas was already brushing his teeth and washing his face. He felt overly groggy and considered staying in bed all day.
Cas didn’t so much as outwardly flinch, but the things that went on inside his body at the question... he was squirming. “A while, Dean.”
Cas nods and draws Dean’s cock out of his pants. “Keep watching. You can come for me whenever you're ready, you don't have to hold back this time.” He leans in and sucks the head into his mouth, swirling his tongue and methodically taking him deeper a little at a time.
“Do you want me to conjure them up? I'll need a sacrifice to get the spell to work, are you volunteering?” he deadpans.
Shockingly, he didn’t feel any better.
Dean was already dressed when Cas walked in the house. He turned to face Cas with a mouthful of donut and smiled like he was his favorite person in the world. “M’rnin’,” he mumbled.
Dean keeps his head down, thinking there’s no friggin way this works. They pass inmates and guards, but none of them even seem to recognize him or pay him a second glance. The closer they get to the exit, the higher Dean’s hopes soar — and when he finally walks outside, he has to shield his eyes. “How’d you—” The sight of Baby distracts him completely, and the smile he gets is contagious.
need to eat.” Dean grabs his lunchbox and starts unpacking their food. He never fails to bring extra for his drunk friend, knowing firsthand how hard it is to keep up with food when on a bender. “Eat. Then I’ll sing for you.”
Dean grips his shoulders and slams inside, coming with a choked-off whimper as his face falls against Cas’ neck. “Cas... fuck,” he whispers.
“I'm gonna
He settled down, closing his eyes, and finally relaxed a little now that Dean was safe… until his own bedroom door opened.
“No, I think Ares deals with bad breath enough with his patients. He didn’t need me blowing it directly into his mouth first thing in the morning.” Cas’ fingers continued to ghost over his skin. “I never really knew what I was missing until you kissed me the first time.”
Dean lifted his weight off and checked him for injuries.
"How was the goodbye?" Dean asked curiously, taking a long sip of beer and then licking his lips while he watched him.
good.” He pointed at Dean with his bottle and took a drink.
“Chicken butt?” Dean laughed way too hard at his own joke and then straightened again. “Alright, alright, hit me.”
the shifter.”
Cas chuckled. “Fine, you can go with the awkward thumbs up and I’ll take the peace sign. I suppose we’ll see if they used them on purpose or not.” Cas pulled up his camera and leaned in. “Normal people. We don’t want to give the wrong impression... and my teasing face just makes me look constipated.”
Dean hesitated for a moment and then closed his classroom door, crossing his arms. “Every day for months you come in here with eyes so pink they look like a stripper Barbie, and today you come in and they’re purple. You don’t think that’s gonna make me ask what’s wrong? You’re sad, Cas.”
Cas shrugged one shoulder as he walked toward his room. “No, but I make no apologies for what else you might see. Go get changed, your Batman training starts now.”
“Why do I have butterflies? You have them too right? I’m just just a high schooler all over again?”
“What the hell is that supposed to mean?” Jask muttered to Dean, mocking Ares.
“I have a job to do, Dean.” Cas licked his lips slowly as he tilted his head down toward Dean’s hand on his chest. He lowered his voice, his carefully constructed expression slipping a little. “Are you alright?”
Cas closed his eyes tightly and tried to breathe, but the desire to roll closer and lose himself in Dean’s arms was almost overpowering. “I think… maybe we should stay on our own sides tonight. Maybe tomorrow we can… revisit the cuddling.” He hated himself for suggesting it, but he needed to take a step back. It was only day one.
“Mm. Hi,” Cas mumbled back. “I’m glad you’re staying home today.”
Cas had the movie started when he returned and was already laying down. The sun was almost completely set, so the candles and hanging lights actually looked pretty damn cool. Cas patted the blanket next to him and smirked up at him. “Are you going to keep all eight of those shirts on?”
bad… he’s obviously in last night's clothes, it’s obvious he just got laid and is making his way back to the only bar in this neighborhood. Maybe his shirt is a little wrinkled and his jeans… he forgot about the drink his date spilled on him. Okay, so maybe Dean
He remembered their deal about anything and everything above the waist being acceptable and leaned down, gently kissing his chest.
“One. I have a twin brother, his name is Jimmy. He lives about an hour from here.” Cas joined him at the sink. “Can I help?”
“Actually, we were going to go to my brother’s house for the pie, and he’s terribly unwelcoming to strangers. Maybe we’ll bring you some back?”
There was a moment of silence before Cas nodded. “I see. Yes, they’ll ask you what you’re looking for in a partner, and that’s part of it.”
“Fuck,” Frenchie whispers, finally stilling. “See what I mean? It is always better when two people want it instead of one.”
A handful of kids hadn’t even shown up for the first day, which Dean remembered all too well from when
Laughing, Ares held up his hands like he was trying to separate them. “Okay, okay. Break it up, and let's take a step back.”
“Horrible.” Dean scoffed and laid back on his bed, his palm over his eyes. “Abaddon is makin’ me marry Jo next spring.”
Ares’ shoulders seem to relax at that and he sits back again. “I would show you how to use it, but I’d hate for you to be charged for that.” He huffs a small laugh. “Can I tell you a story? It’s not long, I promise.”
His voice was so commanding, whoever it was left much quicker than they came.
“Hey... I know my way around some meat.” Dean winked and walked over with his food to sit on their patio chair.
could be that for him.
“Wha—”
Jimmy barked a laugh and shrugged. “Whatever. Feeling better?”
He reaches over and places a broad, cool hand on Dean’s arm. “You don't need commissary money anymore. Anything you need, you tell me. Anything currently in your fund will stay there, and you'll continue to get paid for your work detail. Whatever you have to your name when your sentence is done will be handed to you to help you start over.”
“Neither does he.”
“Okay, but back to my original question. Am I allowed to comfort you? Get you water? Hold you and let you know you’re okay? Shit like that.” Dean suddenly really wanted to hug him, but knew he shouldn’t.
Dean shook his head, turning toward Cas. “No, no, not like that. I mean, it was definitely a time of fear, but that wasn’t what I meant. Even conscientious objectors need to serve. If their reasons for the classifications exempt them from active duty but not service altogether, there were still non-combat roles to be filled. Or, if someone
“I didn’t think it’d be that bad, either. I’m 6’2 for Christ’s sake, never
They checked what seemed like the entire damn bank, then met back up with the others in the lobby. They exchanged shaken heads and confused looks, and Charlie walked around behind the counter. “Shit! Guys, come here!”
After closing the drawer quickly, Jask headed straight for the shower. He’d been a good boy for the first couple of days, but now, he couldn’t hold back anymore. He stripped his cock to the vision of Ares’ ass in those panties and came down the drain before he even had a chance to turn the water on.
“Sure.”
“Yeah?” Jask asked curiously. “To which part?”
“I feel guilty. The selfish dickhead in me hoped you caved too. Is that dumb?” Ares looked down at Cas’ feet and then back up to his gorgeous blue eyes.
Cas chuckled. “He is a switch, with a… pronounced and loud preference for bottoming. He and I have that in common.”
“Come in me, Ares. I miss it, fill me up,” Cas begged, sucking on his lip after and grinding down.
Thursday laughs. “Dean, I work with hardened criminals on a daily basis. I think I can handle a grumpy uncle. For today, why don't you shadow Azrian? He works in the kitchen. You can help prepare dinner, and then once you eat, you're free for the rest of the day. I'm going to try and get ahold of Bobby and we'll talk more tomorrow, if that's okay.”
Cas pulled his pajamas back up and searched for the plug, mercifully finding it quickly, then made his way back toward his car with his heart hammering in his ears. How
get laid if we wanna keep this going.”
Dean doesn’t know why he’s so nervous to spend Christmas with the Novaks. He and Cas have been friends since high school, this isn’t something new... but it feels different this year. Probably because he and Cas finally got their heads out of their asses earlier this year and made it official — thanks to the glory hole business.
Dean froze.
Cas smiled and pointed to the GPS. “Find another diner close. We’ll call ahead and order pie, and we’ll have them bring it out. And Dean… don’t apologize for feeling things during this. You’re entitled to react however you choose… All I can do is try to help you process and figure out what may or may not be an overreaction.”
When they get through the doors, the oaf stands guard and crosses his arms as Ishim unzips his jumpsuit. “It's your first day, I'll show you a little mercy. Pick a hole… that pretty mouth, or that prettier ass?”
“Man, I can’t wait for fall.” Dean wiped his forehead as Sam tossed him a water.
A soft, reluctant smile played across his lips. “Mm. Again, say it again.” Cas sipped his coffee slowly as Dean repeated his greeting, and the second he set the mug down, Dean swooped in for a kiss. That seemed to wake his boyfriend up a little more, and he tapped the book with one finger. “Dean, this is it. The last one. Well, two. Are you ready?”
Dean had chalked it up as something that would get better as the day went on, but when fourth period came around and every eye in the class was still a dark grey hue, Dean realized it wasn’t exhaustion at all. They were
“Alright. Can I eat food while serving, or is that not cool?”
Sam scoffed. “Go figure he’s the one for you, Dean. No normal person would have thought of the monster sex that fast.”
“Yeah. You still makin’ me a pie for later?” Dean grins, still not moving away.
Dean’s eyes darted down to their hands and he brought them up to kiss his knuckles, then looked back at the tv and broke the spell. Cas could tell he didn’t want to pressure him, and half of him was grateful, but the other half…
One more 😬
“If I get a vote here, I say you don’t.” Cas laughed breathlessly as they got to the car, and quickly stripped outside of it to make things easier. “Backseat, or would you rather fuck me on the hood when you can actually see me?”
“See, I thought you might say that. Doesn’t leave me with many options, though, now does it? Got a trail of bodies behind you so long I need a telescope to see the whole damn thing.” He reaches over, gripping Dean’s chin and puffing out his lips as he sizes him up. “They're gonna make short work of you in there.”
“That actually makes a lot of sense. Is he... still around?” Dean asked, realizing he’d never asked about Cas’ family before.
Dean preferred doggy in these situations, but he almost fought the guy on it. Had he been rougher, Dean might have. “You talk a lot for someone that’s supposed to be all business.” He flipped around and braced himself. “Show me how you treat your sex toys.”
He bit his lip, then decided to fuck with Cas a little bit. Since he paid for premium, he only ever saw profiles that had already swiped right on him, so the second he returned the favor, the match notification popped up.
“Nah,” Jask called after him. “Got a job Friday night, though. I’ll be gone for a few hours, comin’ in pretty late. I hope that’s okay? I work weird hours.”
“Fine.” Dean laughed loudly as he watched the video, loud enough that Cas was sure the damn pilot heard. “I won’t show anyone, but I’m keepin’ it.”
He couldn’t help but feel there was nothing more to be said. It wasn’t true, there was so much more to be said, so many words they hadn’t had the chance to say. He just couldn’t think of any.
“Alright let’s do that. Pick whatever ring you want and I’ll buy it. I’m not good at that stuff... sorry it’s not... romantic or anything.” He scratched the back of his neck, the words feeling like poison before he even spoke them. “Um... Jo... will you marry me?”
“You think this could be home, Cas? Lebanon?”
“You’re in charge, remember?” He smiled a little, turning to glance up at Dean. One month wouldn’t be enough time to stare into those green eyes.
The indignant screech he releases tells Cas he resents that, but the raccoon doesn’t move toward him. Instead, he reaches out for Dean who couldn’t deny him if he tried. “Geez, Nut. You’re heavy.” He huffs and adjusts his weight and waits for Kato to come running through the door.
That sounded great, so Cas excused himself to change into something more appropriate and followed him out. They took Ares’ car over to the bar, which meant Cas was free to get as drunk as he wanted.
Like every time, Jask had him coming all too soon, but once the come-filled water was drained, Ares straddled him right on the bathroom floor and rode him silly.
“Yeah?! Alright. We’ll see you soon. Bye, Cas.” Dean hung up and when Cas turned toward Ares he was still smiling.
as if being a bottom is something to be ashamed of.
to say — wasn’t clear. Lunch ended too quickly and Dean knew he had to get back to work, so he helped Cas throw out their trash and headed for the door. “Dean?” Cas called, stopping him right before he reached the handle. “Thank you.”
“You’re going to burn the food.” Cas swatted his hand and tried to nudge him out of the way. “Besides, I have to figure out how the hell I’m going to survive this course given the contents of this syllabus, and I can’t do that with you clicking all over the screen.”
“You said you liked the edge,” Jask reminded him. “Suck my fingers on the way there, I’ll be hard by the time we hit the parking lot.” He wiggled his eyebrows and finished dressing himself, then headed out for the car.
Have to be to like this trash.”
he earns.
“Maybe. We don’t gotta walk far, just want some air. Highway is pretty dead around here.”
“Can we go now? I'm hungry,” Ben reminds them.
Dean made a weird little noise somewhere between a grunt and a whine as his back arched. “Love you too, Cas. But c’mon, I know this ain’t what you wanna hear but I’m sensitive as hell right now. Speed it up.”
“Okay.” Cas nudged a finger inside, completely surprised by how tight it was. “Fuck, Dean. That is so tight. How do they even fit in there?!”
Victor just keeps fucking him until Dean’s a boneless, babbling mess, then finally fills him up with a low growl and leaves fingertip-shaped bruises on his hips. He pulls out, sliding two fingers back into Dean to play with the mix of come. “Got you all used up already, but I gotta say, Dean… that second one was a nice touch.”
Part of the date was buying the books for future generations, and Cas tried to skip out on that part but Dean insisted. Maybe it will just sit on their shelf but maybe one day they
“Yes. But that makes me sound like an asshole. I thought it was supposed to be an in-face conversation.”
“Teenagers man...” Jask eyed him and then leaned in quickly. “He’s hot, isn’t he? You’re
“Yeah? We might have to.” His mind went instantly to the gutter, but he realized that wasn’t fair so he pushed the thoughts away. “Can you hand me a tape? Doesn’t matter which.”
“You’re the pimp. No handcuffs back here?” Dean looks around for a moment and then walks back over, stopping directly in front of Cas. “Think that pie smells done.”
“I’ve wanted this, too. You’re all I’ve ever wanted, Dean. I’m sorry I ever tried to convince you otherwise. I still can’t believe you took me back.” Leaving Dean would always be Cas’ biggest regret, but he’d spend forever making it up.
“Good boy.” Cas stroked a couple more times and then pulled out his fingers, hastily lubing up his thick cock and pushing the head inside. “Oh, fuck... Dean.” He pressed inside until he was completely bottomed out and then repositioned his feet to have the best angle.
“Where’s Jo?”
Cas swallowed and nodded, bracing himself for whatever the hell was about to happen. “Tell me. Please.”
Winchester was gay, that was mostly hopefulness, but he could see the affect he had on the guy and the
He slides his hand along the rough fabric until he's gripping Dean’s crotch, and what he finds there only makes him want it more. He makes a show of leaning forward to grab another roll to cover up the way his body moves when he starts to palm him.
His family may not have always had money, but he’s been surrounded by it as long as he can remember and his parents raised him to carry himself a certain way. “Be a man,” his father, John, would always say. And part of being a man was standing tall, never backing down, and always acting like you were a gift from God. Because, that’s what the Winchesters are. A friggin gift.
Ashton scoffed and shoved Cas’ book off his desk. “Shut your gay ass up.”
With that image firmly affixed in his mind, Dean nudged his hard, leaking cock back into Cas’ pliant, needy body. As requested, he fisted his hand in Cas’ hair and yanked back, forcing Cas to look at the maps and student projects on the wall while he fucked him into his desk. His other hand went to Cas’ hip to hold him steady, preventing him from slamming too hard into the unforgiving wood. “Fuck… God, that’d be so fucking hot…” He tipped his head back and sucked in a breath as he snapped his hips, continuing, “You on your knees cockwarming while I taught your classmates… Ahh, fucking hell…”
Jask pulled his lip between his teeth and smirked slightly. “I’m not gonna say no to that, so… yeah, you do.” The thought of Ares having his hands anywhere near him made him shiver. “I eat with a fork, though… so you’re in luck there.”
Saliva pooled in his mouth at the sight, and Cas leaned forward, flicking his tongue out experimentally.
To keep himself from thinking of Cas, he shimmied under the blankets and pulled Jask’s cock out. He stirred a little, his hips canting involuntarily, but before he could wake up, Ares slid him in his mouth and felt his cock harden against his tongue at the same rate he could feel Jask waking.
Cas fought a laugh. The truth was, they all sounded interesting, but he couldn’t decide if that was because the shows themselves would be interesting, or if Cas was just smitten with Dean. “I’ll never say no a hot guy getting in fights, so… that one.”
They only had a few hours left to drive, so it was probable. “That depends on how many times you stop for food.” Cas smirked and stood up, nodding his head toward the gun. “Do you know how to use one? I need to shower.”
Like the night before, Dean gave Cas a heads up when he was on his way home from work. If he was being honest, he didn’t want to. He wanted to know what his
“Hmm?” Dean mumbled, pulling Cas in closer.
“We’re twins. You’re
she joked, but he could hear she didn’t really find it funny either.
“They still won’t let high school kids have contacts huh? That has to be embarrassing for him... Wait, you said he’s more the ’to hell with the consequences’ type? Maybe he isn’t embarrassed... I was when Pame- I mean, Miss Barnes told me my eyes were pink.”
“Alright, thanks. Talk tomorrow.” Dean hung up and slid his phone in his pocket. “Fucking starving. Let’s go get room service, ya grouch.”
— when Dean traveled to his latest scheduled appearance. If that wasn’t bad enough… this time, he was stuck with Jaskier.
The next day, Ares had to work, and Jask spent the day snooping around. He didn’t find anything of interest, which was disappointing, but also expected. He gave up around lunch and made himself something to eat, then got a horrible, stupid, awesome idea. There was one place he hadn’t checked… and he knew he shouldn’t, knew it was wrong, knew all the reasons he would be a terrible person for doing it… and yet, once the idea was in his head, he couldn’t stop himself.
He blushes, but refuses to back down. He grins as he slides another bite of steak between his teeth and pulls it off the fork. “Perhaps. I'm certainly not getting… not… fresh with you.” Cas frowns at how much smoother that could've been, but the look on Dean’s face tells him he got the drift.
Dean stands there for the longest minute ever, staring at him. “Angels are real? Why—” he almost asks why no one knew about them, but then he realizes he’s mostly relied on John’s journal and that asshat definitely didn’t know everything. “Are you— do you kill people?”
Sometimes, life decides that it doesn’t even feel like handing out lemons. It hands out rotten eggs, or asparagus. Not much can be done with either of those things - certainly not making lemonade - and all you can do is soldier on until the smell passes.
“Alright, Ima go get dressed.” Dean put the ice cream away and ran to go shower.
He made small talk with their neighbor as Dean finally made his way over, and sat next to him, close enough for their legs to touch. “Hi.”
Jask opened Ares’ underwear drawer and dug around, expecting to find a dildo or a toy of some sort, but what he found was infinitely better.
The thought made him shiver, and though he tried to tell himself that it
Dean tilted his head, still smiling like he’d won the lottery. “What the hell does that mean?”
It tickles his ego in the best of ways, and now all he wants to do is please Cas and earn more praise. “I wanna be good for you.” He whispers, sliding his tongue up Cas’ cock and then settling with him in his throat.
Dean stumbled in, tripping over the door frame and knocking down something on his side table. “Shhh... gonna wake up Cas.” He pulled the covers off and climbed in bed, cuddling up to Cas and mumbling incoherent thoughts.
One more!
“I’m here, Dean. Always.” Cas held him for a moment longer and pulled back again. “Are you ready to go or did you want to take a walk?”
Dean instantly started stroking himself, trying to find a rhythm with Cas’ thrusts. “So good... knew you could fuck me good, Cas.”
He huffed quietly at his own insane thoughts and rolled to face Dean. The curtains were cracked, so a thin sliver of sunlight was peeking through and casting a gorgeous glow over an already breathtaking face.
“Yes, but… could you wait until after we eat? I don’t want to burn the pancakes.” Cas didn’t focus on how weird that was, he finished cooking and filled their plates without glancing at Dean.
“I don’t have any... anything. She caught me completely naked so I didn’t have a wallet.” He looked down with a sad expression. “You shouldn’t have to hold all my weight. M’sorry.”
“Yes, please.”
“Christ,” Dean mumbled. “Have I told you yet today how friggin awesome you are?” He kissed him once more and then got dressed slowly, pulling out his phone. “Gonna text Ares. If I tell Jask, he’ll just try to stop us.”
He sucked in a breath and laughed, lying through his teeth. “Yes, loosely translated, what I just said was ‘now shut up and fuck me.’ It’s a very common Russian sentiment.”
“We should,” Cas agreed, kissing him again. Hope flared in his chest — maybe, if he was a good enough bottom, Ares would be okay with topping more. The ache in his chest told him he didn’t believe that was possible, but he’d take the hope where he could get it. Slowly, Cas eased himself off of Ares and cleaned them quickly, then dressed himself again as Ares did the same. “Do you think the market is still open? If not, we’ll have to run to the grocery store.”
“Please don’t go anywhere.”
All his negative thoughts clouded over with the haze of lust, and he tossed his head back against Jask’s shoulder so he could easily have his way with him. Those hands were absolutely the best hands Ares had ever felt, and after being with Cas all these years, that was saying something.
“Not bad, J. What makes you think he’s gonna say no? He’s crazy about you.”
“Nah. Not for a while. It’s a small town, dating is hard. Especially when you’re gay.” Dean glanced over, gauging Cas’ response as he took a sip of beer.
“So, you have. How was it?” Sam picked Dean’s hammer up for him and tucked it into his own toolbelt. “Bet it was good, I’m not even gay but I know Cas has some damn kissable lips.”
“What?” Cas’ jaw was slack, and the word came out as barely more than a whisper. “You’d… um… yes, I’m hungry.” He shook his head a little and gripped the burrito, but didn’t pull his focus away from Dean.
“Mmmm back at you.” Cas pulled him in by his jaw and kissed him, sliding his tongue inside his mouth possessively.  “We took our time didn’t we?”
It feels so good to be touched by him after all these years that Cas can't do much but grip the table to brace himself. “How did I ever manage before? It's a miracle I was
spiel, and it's because of his easy acceptance that Dean ends up staying there longer than he means to.
“The fist throwing might, but you’re right. I’m glad they figured it out. Coming out isn’t easy, that’s for sure.” He leaned forward and ate another bite, licking his lips as he sat back with his legs spread.
“Someone doesn’t have a crush on you? I call bullshit. Has he ever once sent a winky face through a text? And yes, I’m also a shrink, but only on... whatever day it is today.”
Cas wasn’t sure either, nor did he know how to feel about it. He made his way past Dean into the bathroom to brush his teeth. “Maybe they need to talk to us? Or, maybe they slept in?”
He instantly missed feeling Jask’s length against his, and he already regretted the damn lines he drew. But deep down, he knew it was best.
When they did, he whipped his head around to see P for the first time.
True to his word, Dean barely had time to get a grip on the action movie he’d turned on ten minutes too late before Jask was handing him a plate and plopping down next to him.
Tuesday night, he got a call from his brother, Sammy, putting up the Batsignal for car troubles. It was the last thing he wanted to do on a school night, but he loved his little brother and would do just about anything for him.
“Cas!” Dean grunted and within a minute he was emptying all over his stomach.
Cas released Dean’s cock and pulled out with a frustrated growl. “Mine!” He brought his hand down against Dean’s ass, biting his lip when the skin bounced under his hand. “Do I have to break what’s-his-face’s face,
Ares sits down across from Dean with that concerned look he always gets before he gets all doctor-y. “Hi, Dean.”
Dean smirked. “He’d probably be more embarrassed if he was the only one. He was definitely the first, but
Dean spun around, showing off his gorgeous ass before he slid his slacks up over them.
Ultimately, he draped himself in flags of heaven and the blood of demons and all manner of other things… but
Cas fidgeted with his sleeve and nodded, flicking his eyes toward the GPS. “We can go see Adam. We should rest first, it’s getting late.”
His cock twitched in his pants and he had to sit up straighter to clench.
entailed, but it was definitely too soon to push.
“Damn right.”
“Okay.” Dean rubs his palms on his pants and clears his throat. “I don’t like tests. They make me all shifty.”
Cas chuckled, finally pulling in the driveway. “Are you offering to kick Jaskier out for me, Dean?”
house.” Dean put Havoc down who looked at her and walked away. “See, he doesn’t like you, now.”
“He’s not a
Shaking his head, Jask started unbuttoning Dean’s flannel and kissing him deeper. He needed a shower anyway, and one time wouldn’t kill him. They stripped quickly and Jask grabbed the lube off the table since they hadn’t bothered putting it away last time.
When he climbed into the Impala that night, it felt so natural that he knew his eyes were gold as all hell, but he didn’t care. Cas leaned over and kissed him heatedly, making up for being apart all day. Dean lightly grabbed Cas’ hand and brought it to his own crotch, pressing down to make sure Cas could feel exactly how hard he was. “Been thinkin’ about you all day, Cas.”
Their breakfast arrives and stalls Castiel’s response, but he doesn't let go of Dean’s hand. “I really am, though. It's why I drink so much. Terrible responsibility, you know.”
Jody spoke up. “We don’t think that is a good idea. Dean won’t see reason, especially after a night of binge drinking. Alistair is bringing him here in a few hours, that is when you should get your belongings.” She offered a weak smile. “Things just need to cool down, Castiel.”
It had been a while since Dean had done a photoshoot, and Abaddon had a personal trainer coming over every day of the week to get Dean in shape for his pre-convention shoot. 6am workouts were for demons — Dean was convinced.
Moaning, Dean sped up a little, biting his lip and tightening his grip on the table as he fucked Cas’ fist and rocked back down on his cock. “Fuh… fuck, Cas… I love your fucking hands…”
“Okay, I’m leaving.” Cas pulled back and faked a gag. He still couldn’t fight his smile as he leaned in to bite Dean’s chin. “I’m not sharing. Are you?”
embarrassing, but he couldn’t get enough. Half the time he didn’t bother touching himself while he watched it - he just enjoyed the undeniable beauty of that cock and the hand wrapped around it.
With his tongue adorably pressed between his teeth, Cas huffed through his nose and scratched the first half of the finale date. He read over it quickly, then pushed the book toward Dean. “We need to plan and then execute a murder mystery party.”
drag Dean into the nearest empty hall and kiss the breath right out of him.
“Lock down? Think it’s a drill?” Dean asks, walking to the sink to wash his hands.
denied you? I think it’s a literal first.” Jask barked a laugh and shook his head, then nudged Dean. “What about you?”
So, why did he? Why did he weirdly want to spoon himself around that perfect ass at night?
“Shit... that mouth. Gonna come!”
He flipped over onto his hands and knees, accidentally kicking Dean in the process. After a whispered apology, Cas rocked back, arching to show Dean exactly what he was about to get.
Jask didn’t respond, and when Ares finally came back out, Jask was sprawled out on his stomach, snoring not-so-quietly.
Cas melted a little and grabbed the bags. “Yes, and I’ll try to stay awake this time. I’ll feel more comfortable when we’re at Adam’s.”
Cas had spent the last several years priding himself on the fact that he could be whatever Dean needed him to be. He just wasn’t sure he was prepared to add
Thursday purses his lips as he sits back, moving his hand. “I was called to help people, Dean. It may seem strange or unconventional to some, but I
he moans, breathing heavily between Dean’s shoulder blades as he finally lets go, grunting with each wave of his orgasm. Hot come fills Dean up as he reaches back to hold Cas in place, and they come down together with breathy, whispered praises.
Happy that Dean seemed to be making clear-headed decisions, Cas didn’t argue. They loaded up the car, Cas dropped the room key in the box outside the lobby, and then tried to get comfortable in the passenger seat. “Can we listen to something other than Meatloaf this time?”
After a few more hours on the road and another pit stop for food, Dean finally convinced Cas to lay low at Adam’s for a few days. Hardly anyone knew Dean had a half brother and the ones that
“And do you feel yourself slipping back there?” he asks, concern etching his features.
“Dorms? Feels like I’m goin’ to college.” He huffs a laugh as they walk forward. “Did you say the friggin devil? He a guard?”
One day.
Dean shakes his head with a sigh and goes back to work, daydreaming about Cas. He loses himself in fixing that motor, the motions soothing to him after everything that's happened — but just as he's getting in the groove, he gets abruptly pulled out of it by the lockdown sirens.
“Nah, never too full to run.” Jask got up, resisting the urge to smack Ares’ perfect ass. “I’m gonna go change, but you should leave those dishes. I’ll do ‘em when we come back… you cooked, shouldn’t also have to clean.”
Dean gripped the fake blade and grinned. “Alright, so he shifted, naturally. And from one of the clues, they have to touch the person to take their form, right?” He didn’t wait for anyone to answer. “And there is only one person who woulda been dumb enough to get that damn close.”
“Kinda weird. But okay. You gonna get off, too? I won’t mind. You’re hot.”
“I’m not either.” Ares laughed. “Let’s just have a good night with no pesky roommates... and yes, Jask is more than my roommate, but he drove me crazy today so he’s back to roommate status now.”
“That's not funny,” Cas growls quietly, biting him gently enough that it still feels good, but hard enough to make a point. “But I suppose you're not wrong.” He sighs and leans back to look at him. “It's technically for grooming, but… it also has other uses. And there just happens to be a lot of it when… someone like you touches me. Do you understand why I needed to tell you what I was first?”
He gripped Dean’s hips, digging his fingers into his skin as he snapped forward, thrusting into Dean’s prostate. With a grunted whine, Dean came almost immediately, but begged him not to stop. “Please, fuck… make me feel it, Cas. Don’t stop yet.”
Cas bit his lip and placed a bruising grip on Dean’s hips as he lifted his own off the seat with each hammering thrust until the sight and feel of Dean pushed him over. He came hard, grunting and burying himself inside Dean. “Oh —
“Yup. Goin’ out for dessert, J. Sorry not sorry.” Dean sat back with a grin.
“Good. Stay. Or we’ll go. I don’t care, but if you take this cock from me, I’ll probably die.”
Dean kept his eyes on Cas’ face as he parted his mouth and took a bite, making sure every piece that was in Cas’ mouth was now in his, and then turned away quickly. “Thanks. Had my fruit fix for the day.”
Dean turned away and quickly dressed.
Those hands roved over Ares’ back and dug into his hips as Jask moved faster, lifting him slightly to pound into him harder. “I can’t believe how fucking tight you are.”
“Sup, bitch. Want to explore the entire menu with me? Or are you sticking to those disgusting martinis?” Cas took a shot of something else and shivered. “Ugh... What was that one? It’s so dry.”
“Nah... I can never finish the whole banana.” He kept walking until he was inches away. “Gonna let me have a bite of that one?”
“Did we? Doesn’t feel like it.” Dean laid back on the bed and opened his phone, letting Cas know he was done with that conversation.
Cas doesn't move an inch. “Oh, excuse me for not asking the angry cosmic entity to give me a few minutes,” he growls. “You've been emotionally constipated your entire life, how was I supposed to know you'd suddenly learned how to use your words?”
The grin he received was irritating as hell. “Oh, I said something to Cas the next morning, but he threatened to kill me in some pretty...
“Ah, fuck yes, fill me up.” He rocked back into Cas, his cock still painfully hard.
Jimmy frowned at her empty seat. “I never thought she was serious. Hell, she probably wasn’t. Bet it just bruised her ego.” He huffed after a minute and looked back at Cas, nodding to the marks covering his neck. “You should invite Benny over. I’d like to see him in a setting that doesn’t involve the bar.”
“Three. I got my fat boy here, too.” He chuckled. “We’re okay. Takin’ it one day at a time, but I think we’re finally somewhere we can relax. How are things over there?”
He clears his throat as he heads for the back door. “A 1978 Lincoln Continental Mark V. And no, you're not allowed to call it a pimp mobile… it’s a good car.”
times.”
There was a very real possibility that Cas would end up with a boner from this, but getting off — especially on purpose — would be so entirely unprofessional he’d end up firing
important gym class for anything less.”
A few hours later, Dean’s appetite was back in full force. He didn’t want to wake Cas, he still looked so damn tired. But if he didn’t eat soon, he would… probably be fine, not that he would believe that. “Cas…” Dean interlocked their fingers. “Cas… m’hungry.” He felt like a child, but he knew if he tried to pull over and sneak off for some food, Cas would flip his shit.
Shivering from the thought alone, Cas grabbed a drink from the fridge. “So does Jask. You’ve actually experienced it though, so does he?”
This is gonna be fun.
It was rare that they actually got off at the same time, but there, they did, both covering Dean’s exhausted torso. Being the monarch that he was, Jask kissed Dean much softer and told him to stay put as he headed for the bathroom and returned with a warm washcloth and a towel to clean Dean up. With arms nearly as strong as Dean’s himself, Jask helped Dean to his feet and kept kissing him as they collapsed onto the bed. One tug of the blankets later, Jask rolled over to his own side of the mattress and settled in, leaving Dean to sprawl out on his own, just the way he liked it.
“I—” Cas blushes — “wasn't sure what everyone else liked, so I thought it was safer to have a little bit of everything.” He shifts on his feet, his eyes dropping to the completely untouched charcuterie board that he spent way too much time on. “I see now I'd have been fine with just getting an extra pizza.”
The awkward squelching sound of someone jacking off with lube and a condom distracted him for half a second, till Cas’ hand was wrapped around his dick and stroking in time. “Mm, you
“We’ll take three extra home.” Cas loved Dean’s bleeding heart, but deep down, they really did know it was for the best.
“I definitely understand that.” Dean walked over and sunk another, then missed. “What happened to Arthur?”
Dean melts into the kiss, but he’s only pliant for about ten seconds before he nips Cas’ bottom lip. “C’mon, angel. Fuck me like this ass is the one thing you’ve always wanted.”
After a single nod from Ishim, Tiny grips Dean by the back of the neck and bends him over the toolbench. “This could've been fun for both of us, but now… it'll just be fun for me. And maybe Tiny,” Ishim adds as Tiny shoves down Dean’s pants.
Dean pressed the head to P’s hole and slowly sank inside. He guided his cock with his right hand, gripping Pegasus’ hip with his left, and dropped his head against his shoulders.
It looked like Dean seriously struggled with that decision for a moment, then licked his lip as he reached out for Cas. “Off. I don’t want anything between us.” The admission had gold easing in through the pink, like Dean was finally letting go of all the things holding him back.
Jask corrects with a playful grin.
“Sounds good. I saw a sign that said there would be food and gas five miles up.” Dean reached forward to put on some music and then grabbed Cas’ hand again. “I miss Havoc. He’s probably all I want from my old life. The rest can burn.”
“I’m happy for you, Dean. Jody and Benny and Cole and Ashton and Sonny are happy for you.” Cas stood, grabbing his gun and walking back over to him. “Jo is happy for you. The people that know you? The people that love you? We’re happy for you. The people on that screen... they don’t know you — not the real you. All they see is the perfect, bullshit image Abaddon created of Michael Havoc’s portrayer, and they hate the fact that you aren’t him. But you were never
the goosebumps spreading up his back when his knuckles brushed the skin. Cas nodded a little, speaking quietly. “I know, Dean. That’s the whole reason we’re here, isn’t it? You’ve got me, when no one else does.”
Ares’ jaw dropped and he busted up laughing. The lady knocked again, not finding it funny at all. “Please leave. I’m calling security.”
Dean walked around while the others approached the very obvious clue box.
They have a joint
Cas looks away from the window and nods with a smile. “I think home is wherever we want it to be.”
A second cup full of water makes it worse. "Better than jizzing your pants when you're supposed to be solving one of the world's most famous cold cases."
“What the - who’s there?”
As Jask stepped around him, he brushed his fingers over Ares’ waist. “Excuse me.” He flashed him another flirty grin then dropped his duffle, then made his way to the closet to hang up his suits. “Do you have to work a lot?”
“Adorable.” He stared at the phone a moment longer with a lovestruck grin. “Damn, he’s so cute. You’re feedin’ him the good stuff, right? No people food.”
Cas hadn’t typed in a few seconds and they both stayed where they were, completely frozen. Slowly, Cas turned his head just enough that Dean could see the scared expression on his face. “Please tell me you’re here to rob the house, and you’re
Amara scoffed and pushed his head. “Castiel!”
He dove in, sucking greedily like his only mission wasn’t to keep Dean safe — but to make him come so hard his legs gave out.
He didn’t hesitate for even a second. Dean pressed their lips together, and they whimpered in unison as he rolled Cas onto his back and slid between his legs. They were both hard from simply waking up, but their morning wood quickly changed to something much more when they brushed against each other for the first time and Dean slid his tongue into Cas’ mouth.
“Nah. Picked sophomore cause that’s the grade Madbay kids learn about American history, age didn’t really play into it. It's not like it matters, anyway. Sixteen, eighteen… it’s all legal. Just luck of the draw, I guess.” Dean licked his lip and nodded to Jask. “Your office open if I freak out?”
“Yeah. Works at Rocky’s. How else is a guy supposed to get a drink around here?” Cas drummed his fingers and hopped off the desk. “It is painfully obvious, yes. But you’re doing good. The face helps. Suddenly everyone is very interested in history.”
“What’s that now?” Dean stood up from his chair. “Think you’re strong enough, buddy?”
Cas seriously doubted that, since a majority of his focus was locked on Dean. Sure enough, they made it through the entire first episode — and Cas couldn’t have been paid enough to explain what it was about. “That was… good, I think we should watch more of it tomorrow.”
“But… not for a couple of years, it looks like. Is that correct?”
He shook his head, using the towel to cover his softening, wet cock. “No, no. You need to go to work, go ahead. I’ll wait.” Cas watched as Dean nodded a little and disappeared into the bathroom, then flopped back on the bed to stare at the ceiling.
it’s to be effective. And part of being effective is remaining professional, which… the tongue ring is not.”
Cas turned slowly, letting Dean’s hand trail across his skin. The goosebumps under Dean’s fingertips were just a bonus. “Well? Are you satisfied?”
“Look. I don’t know where the rumors came from, but don’t you think if that was true — and we wanted it to be public knowledge — we would announce it? Geez, I’m a friggin human being. What happened to privacy? We don’t like our relationship in the public eye, wanna know why? Because those relationships never last. How many famous couples can you think of that actually lasted? Hardly any.” Dean realized the room was rather quiet, all of them listening to his rant. “Whether we are, or we aren’t, it’s no one's business but our own, and I wish everyone would just back the fuck off about it.” He stood just as Jody cleared her throat and grabbed his arm, pulling him to the back room.
Dean curls inside himself in excruciating pain. He cries out Cas’ name and spits more blood. “He ga—” he coughs some more — “He gave
The bitchface was worth it, and Cas actually got himself a damn utensil. He stared at the pie like it was gonna eat him, but tentatively plucked a bite with his fork. “I wouldn’t have listened to you.”
“I’m Aaron,” he choked out, pulling back and wiping his soaking wet face. “This is the first time I’ve been brave enough to wear one of my dresses outside. Everybody’s always expected me to be strong because of my name.”
He rubs the spot and then huffs a laugh, trying to stretch it out. “With a right ‘ook like that, it's a wonder you need protection at all, eh? Now come on, I’m taking you to ze hole.”
“Y—yeah.” Ares called back, shrugged and biting back a laugh.
She rubbed her shoulder and looked scared to death, like she’d gotten in way over her head and probably didn’t mean any harm at all. “Jail! I can’t go to
“Yes.” Cas stood up and walked toward the room without looking back, so Dean wouldn’t see the tears in his eyes. He used that time to take deep, calming breaths and wash his face, and when he heard Dean speak, he already craved his touch.
“And you think he will? Exactly. Havoc needs him more this weekend.”
He did his work and probably acted like a better student than he had all year.
The concept was almost laughable, Cas hadn’t had a social life since he was still in his twenties. “Nothing worth noting, I assure you. It’s mostly TV dinners and docuseries, but I do get wild occasionally and actually go outside. I don’t suppose you have much free time at all.”
“I can’t. Don’t make me.” Dean nuzzles in and kisses Cas’ neck, then steps back and walks up like normal, not wanting to be seen too cuddly. “At least our matching pj’s have been a thing since we were like 17.”
He kept the smug expression from his face and tucked his tongue ring between his teeth so it was visible. Cas eyed Jaskier with boredom and faint annoyance, but shrugged and stepped over to him. “I’m not as straight-laced as people think, I’m simply not a moron.”
He probably worked himself open faster than he should have, but he didn’t care. He slid on his hot pink panties and stockings, then covered them with some sweatpants and kept Dean’s shirt on. Amara and Jimmy were gone, so he walked out of the door without being stopped and made his way towards the school. By the time he entered the history wing, he was shivering and fully regretting the fact that he offered to walk.
“Good. Let’s go eat.”
Cas was so relieved he would have laughed, but knew it wasn’t the time or place for that. He clicked over on his laptop to his notes for the project and jotted down his most recent discovery, feeling much better by the time he left that class.
ass in racing.” Ares slid up some black lace panties and walked to his closet.
Cas glanced over at him and tilted his book back to show Dean the faded cover. “It’s
“Speaking from experience, fucking your best friend can be
“Right? That’s so much hair!” Ares kept his other comments to himself. He fucking loved this guy’s hair... and face... and everything about him and he fought the urge to yell ‘dibs’. He wondered how Cas would feel about swapping their swaps but refused to ask. He knew this was better for their real relationship. He shouldn’t want this man so bad. He couldn’t. “Going to be honest, they’re both insanely attractive and although I said let’s make fun of them. It’s difficult with their faces on screen. Let me see the hairy one’s bio.”
“Yup. Guess I know the future. Wanna know yours?”
he missed him. He just did. Regardless of anything, Jask was his best friend, and he never had to think twice about anything with him. With Cas, he found himself second guessing every single move.
Cas continued to fuck into him roughly, all the way until he was teetering the edge and he had to pull himself out with a grunt. “Knees.” He stroked himself feverishly while Dean dropped down, spinning to face him and looking up at him with lust blown eyes.
Cas’ expression went from smug when he thought Dean was on his side to outright betrayal. “It’s hilarious to me that
The moan Dean released should have warned him for what was coming, but in hindsight
They were
Cas. “Um… Dean? Why are you proposing to my father?”
Cas wrinkled his nose at the question. “Of course I do.” He picked up the glass again and looked like he was strugglin’ with himself, then took a sip like a friggin normal person.
When they entered the room, Dean set the suitcases near the far wall, and then turned to face Cas. "I sleep on that side, I like to be by the window in case someone tries to break in, that okay?"
“Yes. For real today.” He straddled his legs and leaned down for a kiss. “Are we staying in?”
“Ah fu—” Dean doesn't have a chance to be startled this time, he feels too damn good — and when he comes, he thinks he might black out. It feels like his orgasm is never gonna end, and by the time it does, Cas’ stomach is covered.
It was enough to have the blood rushing to Dean’s ears and he walked up to pop Jask’s ponytail. “How would Ketch feel about you not running the damn mile in PE, quarterback? Ares keep walking, Jask, walk with me.”
“Almost, sweetheart.” It took a few minutes more before Dean was shutting off the machine and standing up. “Leave the blindfold on and face me, Cas.”
“Mmmm.” Cas bobbed his head, letting the candy balls stretch out his cheeks with every pass. Dean could see Cas was equally as hard, but wasn’t making a single damn move to touch himself… he wanted to put on a show.
“Ah! Fucker.” Dean sat up then and fixed his clothes. “Let’s do another date tomorrow... speaking of... maybe we should save the sexy time for dates?” He blushed and rubbed his neck. “Otherwise I won’t know when is and isn’t appropriate and I... don’t wanna fuck this up.” He waved his hand between them.
“A cookie? Where the hell did you find food?” Dean walked over and tried to take the snack.
wet for me, aren’t you.”
“Nah,” Dean said. “I haven’t seen him at all yet, but speaking of eyes... I kinda wish the students
Jask stayed right where he was, staring helplessly. “You’re gorgeous, Ares. Fuck. I… damn.”
He started chewing his finger sandwich again as he stopped in front of them, squaring his shoulders and tilting his head toward Cas and then Ashton in turn. “Nice bodyguard, asshat. Looks familiar.”
After a while, the alarm waking him up for breakfast stops scaring the shit out of him, and he heads down alone, knowing Jask usually sleeps through breakfast so he doesn't die during work detail.
News like that travels around here, even to us.”
Strong, broad hands traveled down to Ares’ ass and squeezed as Jask opened for him, his tongue lazily exploring. “Draw a line for me. I won’t cross it, but you bet I’ll take every damn inch of my side of it.”
Cas never once thought Dean would deny him, but he wanted him to know he had some control here. This wasn’t only about what Cas wanted, what Dean wanted mattered, too.
“Ehh… you like me. All is well.” Dean winked and took another enormous bite.
“Show me what? How a gigantor man can squeal like a baby when tickled?” Dean sipped his beer and nearly choked on it at his own joke.
“Me? Shit... I came way too damn fast. You’re the amazing one, sweetheart. Everything about you.” He pulled him up again so their bodies were flush, lazily kissing along his neck. “Next time... I’m takin’ my time with you.”
nearly became a murderer again. “I… almost killed him.”
He could hear their voices from out in the hall and then the door opened, shining light into the room for a split swish before it was closed again.
“Dunno. Guess we’ll see soon, I’m all signed up.” He set the phone aside and searched for some clothes.
“And you're the smart, nerdy college boy. You mean to tell me those instructions got one over on
“Well, I wanted to bring you the actual information on it, and I wanted to be sure how the program worked here in Madbay first.” She nodded for him to continue so he did. “I’m still required to attend every Friday, but it’s only for a couple of hours just to turn in all of my homework for the week and pick up my homework for the following week. I’ll still be able to take all my required courses and certain electives, and I will still graduate on time.” Jimmy had walked downstairs as he spoke and listened while grabbing himself a soda.
“Less than half left. I’ll get it. You use the bathroom, and I’ll get us both a hot chocolate. Meet back here in a few, deal?” Dean didn’t notice the dumb grin on his face, but the night actually turned out alright.
stand up,” Dean retorts, even though he’s already standing by the time the words come out.
He nodded, assuming as much. “She didn’t, and I didn’t either. The decision has to come from you, Cas. I never wanted you to think I was pushing you one way or the other. It’s a big thing.”
“Yes... better than okay. I’m yours.” Ares shivered under the doting kisses and Jask could tell he was smiling.
“It’s only like a day, D. He’ll be back here tomorrow night. And if I know anything about anything, he’ll be happy it’s over. No way he’s around you and doesn’t want you, it’s not possible.”
probably got quite good at it in Cellblock D, that's not how things are done here. You will be expected to do your part, to show up for your assigned classes, attend meetings, and do your work, but you will not be expected — or permitted — to touch any of the guards. What you do with your fellow prisoners is none of my concern, though there are bottles of lubricant in the drawer in the rec area. You don't need to waste your commissary money.”
“Shh, Dean. It's okay. You're okay.” Cas pulls him in, cradling him on the ground and kissing his head. “You're okay.”
to love each other in our own language... or whatever the hell that said.”
“Occasionally, although I tried not to. I thought it was rude, but… even before this, I knew you were the most gorgeous human being I’d ever see.” He bent over, licking Dean’s sweatpants right above the bulge. “What was I doing? Describe it to me.”
Nick whipped his head around so fast he nearly dislodged his new girlfriend. “What do you mean, you’re leaving?”
“Nah. Well, kinda. He’s down but not available until this weekend. Do we have anything going on?”
the places he’d been begging it not to, and ultimately, he nearly tripped over his own feet as he stumbled out of the room without a word.
Garth's smile fades when he sees Dean's face, but he doesn't comment. Instead, he turns to Jask. “How was solitary this time?”
"Jealous? Not jealous... Bitch." Dean grabbed his water so fast he spilled some, and then turned back to face Sam. "I don't care if they talk. Good for them. I just don't like his face."
He’d purchased a small dog bed, knowing full well that the thing would never use it if his sister was any indication. Chaos probably didn’t know hers existed; from what Cas understood, she slept with Jask or on the couch. “Stop...
Dean ran his hands up P’s thighs and gripped his hips, loving how confident he seemed on top. That ass was incredible, and when P started to bounce and fuck himself on Dean’s cock, all Dean wanted to do was see his damn face.
Jask moved just a little closer. “There’s nothing quite like the feeling of a man underneath me. Solid, hot… shaking with need.” He shifted a little bit, tugging on his shorts. “Yeah, definitely a preference.”
“Good. I know you don’t wanna hurt Ares. You’re a good man, Cas. I admire you and I’d wait forever if I had to.” Dean blushed and stood up to grab a towel and wipe Cas down. “You wanna shower first?”
“I’d do it, y’know. Right now, and I wouldn’t regret it one bit. Just wanted you to hear that at least once. I wouldn’t hesitate to fuck you. You’re fucking gorgeous, Cas.”
Cas rolled his eyes as he took off his shirt. “Yes, Dean. They explode. I’ll be back as soon as I can.” He disappeared into the bathroom, stripped the rest of the way while the water warmed up, then wasted no time getting in. Every fiber of his body wanted to come, but he knew he didn’t have time. He also didn’t believe Dean truly knew how to use a gun, so he didn’t linger a moment longer than necessary. He came out in a towel with his hair sticking up in odd directions and relaxed when he saw Dean was fine.
need to talk about the other date, the one before it. I’ve been putting it off, but… I’m fairly certain that’s a mistake.”
Brightness illuminated the room and it was such a stark contrast that for a moment that Dean couldn’t see a fucking thing as his eyes adjusted.
Frowning, Cas met his eyes. “The last time we tried something like that, we nearly got caught. Are you sure?”
All he got were no’s, then Luce and Abby started up an argument on their own.
him he was... but he was still terrified. Now, over a year later, he knew without a shadow of a doubt that Jask was the one. The
Castiel Novak? The one that got ‘most likely to succeed’ in high school?” Dean nudged him playfully and Cas looked pleased with himself as he reached for the spatula.
Dean sat up and looked over at Cas with a sleepy expression. “Mornin’.”
you brute. Chill, D.” He turns back to Ares and smiles a little. “I give it another ten minutes before Dean comes so much he can't talk.”
Cas’ heart broke all over again. He licked his lip, wondering if he should gently nudge Dean to keep talking about his family or if he should change the subject since Dean was already stressed about flying, but... everyone else always shied away from the subject. “You haven’t said much about him. What branch was he in?”
Silence stretches awkwardly between them for a moment. “I would never hurt him, Bobby. I just need to know how to make him believe it… or if that's even possible. If it's not, I won't risk telling him any of it. Not the fact that I'm an angel, not that I'm in love with him. None of it. I'll keep pretending to just be a prison guard with a good heart and suspiciously strong influence over the warden.”
I know there are a lot of people leaving this fandom, and I honestly haven't decided yet if I'm one of them - but I've got at least two more fics and a one shot already ready to go, so I'm not going anywhere just yet. See you next week.
“Why?” He moved so he could see Cas’ face.  “Did you sleep at all, Cas?” Dean reached a hand up to rub Cas’ scruffy face.
gay you are.” He realized he was pretty drunk, but didn’t care. He just wanted to get fucked.
Dean cried out and huffed a throaty laugh. “Fuck, Cas. I’d let you fuck me anywhere.” He planted his feet and pushed back, and Cas drove himself deeper.
Cas cleared his throat, glad he didn’t have to talk about Dean’s mind immediately going to pussy. “Classes are going well. I… really don’t have much else going on. I’ll probably visit my dad tomorrow morning, but it might have to wait until Sunday. How about you?”
“That is true, but his
that messes up all of his proverbs.”
“I think they’re cute,” Ares says as he grabs a slice of pizza and holds it out for Jask to take a bite.
“Yeah?” Dean really likes the sound of that and he nods. “Let's do that... together.” He takes his hand and kisses it, making Cas’ eyes soften around the edges.
started chasing his own release.
But when his features changed from comfort to confusion, Cas wanted to know what was on his phone. Lucky for him, he didn’t have to ask. “Okay, so you remember that show
Jask looked at him curiously as he pulled out a shot glass. “I meant less than an hour, not that you wouldn’t make it. No way you’d let Cas down. Not a chance.” He set the butter knives in a line with a couple of inches between each one, then dropped the shot glass in the middle. “Flip cup, but better. Each time you flip it, you move the shot closer to me. I flip it right, I move it back toward you. Loser drinks. Figured we should do some husband shit since the wives are probably arguing over Rosetta Stone editions or charting stars.”
Cas has absolutely no way to justify that complete truth, so he simply straightens his spine and heads for the door. “Have a good day, Deputy.”
He strolled over, swirling the sucker along his tongue as he slid in the seat next to his gym teacher. “Where’d you get the good food from? That sure as hell isn’t cafeteria food.” He sucked the candy in his mouth and rolled it out with a pop, contemplating if he should take off his shades.
“Sounds like an apt payment. Sure, why not.” He shrugged and polished off his beer. “Right now?”
A smile spread across Cas’ face and he leaned willingly into the touch. “Emphasis on ‘ish’, hm? Did you sleep well?”
He hummed as he moved his head, sliding his tongue along the shaft and playing with Dean’s balls.
criteria, but it’s all I know about her so far. I’ll report in after the date... or maybe the next morning. Might be a good night.” He wiggled his eyebrows.
Dean didn’t fight his laugh that time. “Damn straight. But you’re a kid, too. What do you do for fun?”
They checked out quickly, taking the back exit to avoid the throng of fans hanging out in the hotel lobby trying to catch another peek.
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean groaned and moved his hips, gripping the wood harder as Cas opened his throat and took Dean all the way. It wasn’t as easy as he thought it would be, Dean was
“Nice silver eyes, freak,” she laughed, pushing him away from her. “You are dr-
“Where have you been goin’? I thought after Cain you’d stay, but what the hell. Are you... seeing someone else?”
Cas shot Ares a pleading look, but he only winked and dragged Jask outside. “Uhm...” Cas stared down at the head in his lap and gently ran his fingers through Dean’s hair, surprised at how soft it really was. “That can’t be comfortable.”
He moved quickly, swiveling the chair toward the sound of Dean’s voice and reaching out for him. “You realize without my glasses I wouldn’t be able to see you clearly, anyway. Honestly, the blindfold is overkill for me.”
my bodyguard. Now he’s my boyfriend… Actually, we haven’t had that talk. Is there supposed to be a talk with these things? Ima shut up now.” He could feel how deep his blush was and wished he couldn’t.
“Hear, hear.” Ares held out his glass and clinked it with Jask’s.
“What exactly are those lines again? Cause I keep forgettin’.” Dean took another drink and avoided Jask’s eyes.
That wasn’t about to mess with his mood though. Maybe Dean would never find real love, but that never stopped him from looking in all the wrong places before.
Cas opened the passenger door and gently pushed Dean in, fighting a smile. “I’m glad it’s the right one, but we need to go. We can admire it later.” He raced around to the other side and got in, starting the car and taking a deep breath. “You realize if that’s the reaction you got to your face, the reaction of the keyboard warriors will be even worse, right?” He hit the gas, peeling away from the convention center and toward the road.
Dean came back out, standing a little straighter and looking more comfortable.
He palmed himself and bit his lip, but his boner was instantly killed when Rowena entered his office. “Are you wankin’ in here, boy?” She smirked behind her hand.
Cas followed quickly, getting into the car a moment after Dean. He didn’t say a word as he pulled out onto the road and sped off.
