“Sammy, I know you’re lying.” That must be why he’d turned away. They’d always been able to read each other’s expressions like a book. He’d moved to sit next to Sam on the bed.  “What’s the real reason, just tell me. Please.”
“Great,” Dean says sarcastically. “That’s just great. But something tells me that’s the best deal I’m going to get?”
Sam’s frown deepened. “What do you mean? Why can’t he come near me?” He turned to his older brother. “Dean where’ve you been? Why are you still wearing those clothes?”
“He might have a point,” Cas warns as they back away. “There’s no telling what destroying a memory – any memory – might do to Dean.”
Dean.”
“What
“I’m sorry,” Dean says again as he pushes deeper still. And then: “Thank you.”
But even more than that, he wanted Dean to be happy.
“Yes, exactly so you need to –”
“Ok.”
“Save me Lord!” Dean echoed, though his laughter somewhat ruined the dramatics. Cas’ face cracked and he grinned down at Dean, laughter flashing in his eyes.
Dean’s only answer was to kiss him.
“I’m sorry it took me so long.” He added a quaver to his voice for dramatic effect. “What do I do now?”
Once they were a safe distance from the classroom (and Dean) Uriel released his vice like grip on Castiel’s arm. “You should not be seen with the heathen Winchester,” he said immediately, his voice heavy with anger.
The sound of a door slamming snapped Dean out of the half doze the radio had lulled him into. He rose to his feet, at something of a loss over what he was supposed to be doing in the first place. John appeared in the doorway, his face oddly placid.
“What’s it got to do with you?” Dean snapped. “You don’t have a fucking clue –”
ended because I couldn’t do my damn job. So I get what you’re saying and I know it’s true, but I also know it’s not.”
Out of the corner of his eye he spotted Anna. She was clearly annoyed, and clearly alone. Where was Dean?
“You make a good teacher,” Dean told him after a round of complex math problems had been (more or less) solved.
“Tell me.”
“...you are son, I’ve been lookin’ for ya.” He noticed Dean as he stopped in front them. “I was glad to see you here today Dean, did you enjoy the sermon?”
“Apart from you,” Cas pointed out.
“No,” Alistair’s voice distorts – his human form collapsing them reforming. He tries to pull Dean back – but strong, tan arms encircle him, wrenching him away.
Castiel saw the fear in Dean’s eyes, saw him back off. He forced himself to calm down. Not again, he couldn’t go through all this again. “I’m sorry Dean. I didn’t mean to scare you.” He was almost pleading, Dean had to believe him, he had to.
“Yes,” Dean says and everything in the world (the chains, the flames, Dean’s heartbeat) apart from Sam’s breathing and the still echoing laughter stops in its tracks.
It was Uriel, a smug smile on his face and two figures at his shoulders. Michael and Ezekiel. He turned away, heart beating fast.
“Leave it,” Cassie says between kisses as the beeping trails off. “You can miss a call or two.”
“Nah,” Dean snorts, “he would’ve killed me. Guess it was my one rebellion.”
“I’m fine son,” he said gruffly. “Just give me a little warning next time will ya: I’d’ve cleaned if I knew you were coming.” From the doorway, Dean snorted. Amazingly, John acted as if he hadn’t heard. He took a swig from his beer. “How’ve ya been anyway? How’s that girl of yours: Jennifer?”
“Sammy...” He hadn’t known what to say. He’d always needed Sam, way more than Sam had ever needed him, but it’d never occurred to him that Sam knew too.  That he was holding himself back, for Dean.  And how had Dean repaid him?
By the time Cas has extricated himself from the passenger side, Dean is on his knees in the spotlight of the impala’s headlights. Cas falters – it’s an all too familiar scene, only this time reversed and he can’t quite bring himself to step into centre stage, considering what happened the last time. In the back of his mind, all the other times Dean’s been on his knees in front of him (the crypt, as god, as leviathan, even in hell – the twisted grey remains shaking on the ground in front of him, at once entranced by his light and mortally wounded by it, begging to be returned, to be burned) clamour for his attention – each trying to supplant themselves onto the moment happening now.
“I was thinking it might be…easier if we rip the band aid off. Y’know, instead of trying to ease him into it.”
“Sam told me what Harvey called you. What he called us,” Cas pauses, hand sliding upwards to rest on Dean’s shoulder. “It’s ok if he affected you.”
“Dean,” he doesn’t sound like he believes her. “If I…”
“Shit.” It’s as good as place as any to start. But how to get there? The moment he thinks it, the back wall of the theatre collapses into nothingness. Bright light – sunlight, floods the room as grass springs up between the seats – the dew gleaming slightly in the newly crisp air.
“Uriel and some friends happened to pass by as you got there.” Jim told him and Cas had to keep himself from snorting. He had no doubt Uriel had been following him.
The noise of the real world slowly trickled in. The diner was still busy despite the lack of food. Or maybe
He was missing from the house, but that didn’t surprise him. John had done the same when his Mom had died: removing all physical traces of her life, as if pretending she’d never been there would make the pain any more bearable.  All that remained of Mary now were photographs.
“Maybe.” Was all he said.
“Well then you best start looking boy,” Bobby grunts, “cos the longer they’re in here, the more likely they are to find stuff you don’t want them to see. And the longer that spell has you all twisted up with it, the more control it’ll get.”
“This shitty side,” Dean interrupts moodily.
“That,” Lucifer snorts, bent over with mirth, “was way more fun than I thought it would be. And much, much,
“It wouldn’t be if you put in a minimum amount of effort,” Sam says, exasperated. “It’s not
His heart leapt when he saw the familiar shoulders slumped across the desk, a large part of him had worried that Dean wouldn’t even be in, and he sprinted across the room. “Dean.”
“Yeah, well,” Dean begins to gather his clothes, pulling a pair of boxers on. “I worry about me too sometimes.”
“Was it scary?” Dean looks directly at him for the first time in a while. “Was it hard?”
“And you think the exit’ll be in one of ‘em?”
“And that’s a big if,” the spell breaks in.
Steeling himself, Cas steps over the threshold, Sam one step behind him.
send me to help/hinder you, so that ought to count for something at least, right?”
Then they fall.
John turned to Dean, a hard edge in his voice. “Dean, I don’t want any of your shit tonight, got it?”
“39 is hardly old, Dean,” Cas (the ageless celestial being) interjects.
“Yeah, I think we’re finally on the same page,” Dean grins. “It’s amazing what this ‘talking’ thing can do.”
“And nothing on mine neither: looks like we smoked Harvey dead and good,” Dean grins.
“You two are gonna have to move a lot faster,” he says grimly. “I didn’t like the look on my face.”
“I should be so lucky,” Dean snorts. “Nah, I just figured this would be the fastest way down. Chronologically and metaphorically speaking: see?” He gestures to the hole: a faint red glow is emanating from far below the earth. He gets on his knees, leaning his face over. Faintly, he can smell sulphur. It’s enough to make him hesitate, shivers running up his spine, fingers curling themselves unconsciously into the grass.
Cas opens his mouth to reply, seething, but Sam stops him with a warning look – they can’t afford to piss this ‘Dean’ off.
“I don’t know. I’m just glad. Were you glad when you found out Hael wasn’t my girlfriend?” he wasn’t sure what made him ask the question, but now he wanted to know the answer more than anything else. Dean stared at him for what felt like a long time.
“You gotta,” Missouri told him firmly, getting to her feet. “I’ll go look for him, you stay here. I won’t be long, there’s only so much town.” She glanced at the clock, her mouth a thin line. “Maybe get the first aid kit from the back.”
“Great,” Dean rolls his eyes, slowing to a stop once more. “
“Thanks,” Cas takes his hand again, stroking it gently, “I didn’t hear your conversation with Sam, but it appears to have done you both some good: you seem…unburdened.”
– ” Cas gestures to the older Dean, “ – told me?”
The three of them fall back onto the bed. Dean runs one hand through Cassie’s hair, his other arm sprawled across the man’s chest.  The harsh light of the street lamp flickers out, replaced by the tepid light of dawn, lurking just behind the curtain.
Castiel knew he should leave; this was what he was supposed to be avoiding.  Instead, he found himself pulling Dean round behind the church.  There was nobody around. They were safe.
“I’d just lost you,” Dean says eventually. “I’d just watched you jump into hell. I was a mess. I was basically just whisky and nightmares, but she took me in any way, and she put salt on her windows and carved devils traps into the floor and she waited until I was enough of a person to love again. Then she loved me. And she let me love her, and Ben.”
Sam goes cold. “You used me to break Dean? To break the first seal,” he croaks, voice failing him in his shock.
“I’ll sit in church on Sunday, keep my head bowed the whole time, then afterwards I’ll go tell Pastor Walker I’ve found the light. I’ll even through in some tears if I have to. Then Boom. Repentance, forgiveness and we’re done. We both get left alone, I can be there for Sammy. It’s perfect.”
“How can it not?”
“It was almost worth it, I’d say.”
“Well, I wanted to see
“Glad ta hear Son,” Jim smiled genially, releasing his shoulders. “Now get to School.”
“You  mean – the memories? The ones we changed?”
are where the real magic happens.”
He doesn’t answer, but she feels his arms encircle her, their warmth chasing away the cold that’s already seeping back into the room. She thinks it might be nearly dawn, and she’s not sure what she’s going to do tomorrow, so she thinks instead about what she wants to do now.
“Is it you?” Sam’s voice cracks but he can’t bring himself to care. “The
scared.
“I dunno, if Walmart is here, why not heaven? They’d be in good company.”
“What happened to you, what you did–”
“Honestly,” Dean says, “I thought you knew.”
“Well neither were you,” Sam says then instantly turns red.
“Worse, they ain’t content to keep away from the righteous. Oh no. They hide among us, waiting for any sign of weakness. Ready to pounce. They don’t care who they get, so long as they get their kicks. They was willing defile
“No you don’t,” Cassie insists. “Stay with us a little longer.”
“Lord save this sinner!” he called to the sky, a perfect imitation of the Pastor’s self important tone.  “Raise him from Perdition!” He gripped Dean’s shoulder, tightly, as if he really were trying to raise Dean from hell.
“Because when was the last time all three of us did something or went somewhere without it being the end of the world?”
“I’ll be honest kid,” Dean says, “I dunno what ‘trans thing’ means but your brother sounds like a real piece of shit to me.” He digs in his pocket and pulls out a couple of twenties. “Here,” he stuffs them into the kid’s hands, “seein’ as my brother saved me the trouble of buyin’ a ticket. And you tell
Dean kept an eye on the clock as they worked, keeping track of how long school had left. He felt hope blossom at three thirty, Cas would be home by now. By four o’clock, however, he had yet to appear.
“Dean?”
She does.
“A bar.”
“Well, what kind of odd jobs?” Sam asked suspiciously.
“You truly are unrepentant.” He told Dean. “Now tell them what you saw Uriel.”
John leans closer. “I
“You think you’re the only ones that’ve ever fallen in love? You think you’re the only ones that had to make these choices?” The tears were falling in earnest now.  Missouri sank onto the sofa, hands over her face.  Dean and Cas watched, unsure how to proceed. Eventually, Missouri raised her head again, back under control.
“Sorry, I forgot until now, but I’m going to Ruby’s house tonight. Her Mom’s gonna pick us up” Sam blushed slightly, “we’re going to, um, study.” Dean snorted in obvious disbelief, causing Sam to redden further.
Hael seemed kind at least. She asked questions and even managed to appear mildly interested in his answers. “So why did you move here?” She was asking now. Castiel struggled to remember the answer his dad wanted him to give.
“Me neither, so there’s no telling where this is.”
Sam approaches the window and Cas, against all his better judgement, follows.
The sun itself is still there (burning fiercely white) and the sky is still a pure and overwhelming blue, but the pool, the loungers and Dean are plunged into shadow with no obvious source. A wave of cold has Cas involuntarily pulling his coat closer around him (an instinct he hasn’t needed since his brief stint as human). In front of them, Dean shifts uncomfortably: eyes slowly, reluctantly, fluttering open. Above him, the figure of John Winchester flickers in and out of existence – in time with the blinks. He looks road and hunt worn – clothing rumpled, beard unshaven, hair dishevelled, and there’s a faint scratch on his cheekbone (though he’s otherwise unharmed). His eyes, once he finally solidifies, are hard as flint.
“Good luck with that,” the spell says casually, leaning against the wall of the bunker. His tone and affect are diffident, almost bored, but his glowing eyes are following every movement of the scene with a precise and intense interest.
“Please what?”
Cas could hear the anger in Dean’s voice, or maybe it was projection of his own rage. Either way, he wanted the conversation over before it could start. “Is everything alright Dad?” He was back to his ‘dutiful son’ persona, “do you need anything?”
“I asked to speak to you alone,” Hael snapped back. “You’re the one who insisted on doing this here.” She’d taken a deep breath and tried to continue. “We’re still willing to offer the hand of friendship to you Castiel.  Considering who you are, who your father is, we think it’s best for you.”
was always something I could hold on to – the satisfaction of winning. It felt worth it most of the time. You never got that. He never tried to turn me against myself, or make me hurt other people. He never unmade me, except for literally.” There are, he’s mildly surprised to realise, hot tears threatening to brim over his eyes. He blinks them away furiously. Now is not the time.
“C’mon.” Cas was pulling him through rooms before he had a chance to look around.  When they entered Cas’ room however, Dean pulled away. Cas made a small noise of protest.
It’s all a bit absurd – Cas is still wearing his trench coat, Dean’s shirt is still bloody. Still, Sam thinks as he drops into a vacant armchair, it’s a Winchester absurdity through and through.
He was halfway through the day, he told himself. He could get through it.
Cas had balanced an open book upright in front of them,  but that wouldn’t give them the privacy they needed. In the safe darkness under the table, Dean’s hand found his and they clung together, each relishing the paltry contact.
“How would you know? You’re asleep.” It was almost normal again.
“Ah, c’mon Sammy,” Demon Dean’s tone is soft and gentle, though he continues to twirl the axe absentmindedly in his hand. “You know I’ve always been happier wrapped up in the past – if this little road trip doesn’t prove that then I don’t know what will. Just leave me to it.”
“So much for love thy neighbour... here we go,” Missouri pulled iodine out of the kit, turning towards Dean. “Now this is gonna sting.”
“Or somethin’,” Dean throws over his shoulder. “Just sit back and enjoy the show.”
“You felt that too?” Cas can’t keep the surprise from his voice.
Dean shakes his head sadly. “The pain’ll still be there – I just won’t know if I’m meant to hurt.”
To Dean’s surprise and horror, Castiel immediately swung away, back into the church. If he’d been a little slower, he would have seen the smile on Dean’s face, the lack of hatred in his eyes, and known everything was okay. As it was, he’d been so sure Dean would despise him that he hadn’t stopped to take in the expression on his best friend’s face.
“I’m in a bed – which is strange because I don’t sleep – but I’m not injured or sick. I’m comfortable and…and happy. For the first time in a long time, maybe ever, everything is ok. There’s nothing going wrong, no apocalypse to fight or insurmountable odds to overcome. I’m lying in bed and everything is ok,” He can’t look at Dean right now – he focuses on his hands instead.  “And then I turn over and you’re there beside me – and I can reach out and touch you, and hold you, and put my hand through your hair. You’re there and you’re not going to vanish, you’re not going to have to get up and sacrifice yourself for the world again. It’s just you and me, and outside of us there’s peace,” he shakes his head. “And I know that we’ll probably never have peace, but I pray every day to a god I know doesn’t care that I can have you.”
sorry for the slightly slow update, will probs be like that for the next wee while as I am going camping.
Sam chews his lip, considering. “I thought I knew where he was coming from,” he says eventually. “I didn’t like the way he acted, but I knew he was only doing what he thought he had to. I never thought he really wanted to hurt us (you) just to hurt us, and that when he did it was always ultimately to keep us safe or make us strong. I didn’t like it, but I
“You mean intercourse?”
A smug cough drew his attention, and with a jolt of hatred he saw Uriel.  He was standing next to his father, a triumphant smile on his face as he watched Castiel’s disgrace. Cas could feel the anger bubbling inside of him, it took all his self control not to walk over and punch the arrogance off the small boy’s face. Instead, he walked, head high, to the seat next to Dean’s.
Castiel nodded. “I never thought I would feel this way.” He smiled blissfully at Dean, “I never thought I could feel this way.”
More often, however, he wondered what he had done with the times in between everything that mattered. He’d eat and slept some of it away, sure, but there were other, larger gaps that he couldn’t fill.
Dean jerks his head upwards, but when his eyes meet John’s, Cas is taken aback at the sight of an all too familiar glint in them. “Neither,” he states, voice steady.
Castiel swung round, grabbing Dean by the shoulders, forcing their eyes to meet. “Listen Dean,” he said fiercely, “everything everybody says about you is wrong. I may not have known you for long, but I know the real you. They don’t. I know that you’re kind, brilliant, hilarious and a million other things. You deserve the world, you aren’t meant to be stuck here with these people. Anyone who can’t see  that about you doesn’t deserve you.”
They were so close now, he could see every detail of Dean’s face. His freckles, the hopeful stubble on his chin, the blush creeping up his cheeks, his lips.
“Bobby wouldn’t like it.”
“They're going to come after you,” Balthazar says from his spot leaning against the front door.
“You mean God?”
“Yeah, yeah,” Gabriel says, impaling one demon with his blade as he smites another with his left hand, “I saw her.”
“No,” Dean says indignant, but after a second, he lifts a hand up to double check.
“When your buddy Jack opens the other side of the door, we’ll only have a short time to get back through. We’ll need some of my grace and --”
Castiel nods as he drinks the concoction down in a couple of gulps. He makes a face as he hands Sam the glass back before laying back on the rollaway bed, head hitting the pillow as he swings his legs up.
“Not a thing. Whatever is keeping us here has enough juice to shut me down.”
“If a deal’s made you go straight to Hell, don’t pass go, don’t collect $200, yeah we’re acquainted with how it works,” Dean says, suffering the glare Castiel gives him for interrupting.
“Great.”
“Was this part of the plan, Bobby?”
“You don’t always have to reciprocate, Dean.”
Joshua nods, “They might be more than just dreams. What are they about?”
The towel leaves it even more of a riot than usual. Castiel hands the towel back to the guy running the booth before turning back to Dean.
“No.”
The guy was making it sound like Dean was swooping in to save Castiel like he was some kind of damsel in distress. Or would it be dude in distress?
Jack looks down at his bucket, “Not if Gabriel keeps eating all of it.”
With that, Dean follows Chuck, who begins babbling about Father only knows what. Cas is almost certain it’s in regards to the former prophet’s complex formula for the distribution of cans of Spam. Left alone in the silence once more, Cas drops his head into his hands, rubbing his palms into his eyes.
Joshua shakes his head, “Nothing is ever that easy, especially in the case of you three.”
He knew Cas was gradually becoming more human and less angel, but surely he hadn’t fallen far enough to be affected by this kind of stuff yet. Castiel gives another wracking cough and Dean can’t help but panic a little, unable to shake the thought that maybe he has.
“Don’t get nitpicky about the details, Cas,” Dean says, handing it over to him, “So, what do you say?”
“We need to get you help.”
“You mean, up here?” Bobby asks. Henry nods, “No, we haven’t found John or Mary, though it hasn’t been for a lack of looking. Ash has been combing Heaven since before I got sent upstairs.”
Dean heads to the porch, making sure he holds on to the door to keep it from slamming shut. It’s a cool night. The air is crisp, waking Dean up a bit as he draws in a few deep breaths. He takes a seat on the steps, raising his eyes to the sky. Stars shine bright on this moonless night, twinkling down at him. If this really is his last night on Earth, it's a beautiful one.
“Nothing."
His brother pauses before he says anything, turning to look at Crowley, “We’re going to need everything you got on the setup and security for this place.”
“You’re naive if you think any action you take against Heaven or Hell will not end in bloodshed, brother. Your ragtag group will not be enough to fight them.”
“You--you have copulated with all these people?”
Dean tries everything he can think of to get a positive response short of going down on him. At this point, he’s a little afraid that might push Cas over the edge. Dean puts every last bit of feeling he can muster into every kiss he lays on Cas’ skin. He kisses every mark that mars the once pristine flesh. His fingertips trace the horrendous scar that runs across half of Cas’ torso. The fallen angel whimpers turn close to sobs as he goes, leaving Dean at a total loss for what he’s supposed to be doing here.
That’s a little over a month away, but Dean holds his tongue. With a wink and grin, Jack disappears. Dean glances around, half expecting the douchebag to jump out and scare them one last time before actually taking his leave.
“Do I look like some kind of damsel in distress?” The man asks.
Sam puts a few of their guns away, smirking, “Yeah, Halloween is like Witch Christmas.”
The sound of a new voice cuts through Sam’s haze. He looks up from where he’s still clutching at Castiel. Death stands over them, regarding each of them in turn as if they were some mildly interesting science experiment. He supposes to something like Death they probably are.
“No, you’re not or you wouldn’t be so frustrating.”
He doesn’t need to be told twice. Castiel scoots closer towards the middle of the bed while Dean digs in Castiel’s drawer in his bedside table for some lube. It’s no time before Castiel is begging for a second finger. Dean obliges, Castiel writhing underneath him. Dean ruts against Castiel, lining up against Castiel’s hip as he works him, slipping in a third finger. It doesn’t last long.
“You’re welcome, sweetie."
Bagnael closes and seals the passage. Turning, he offers Castiel an understanding smile as he squeezes the younger angel’s shoulder, “This time will pass quickly. Far quicker for you than it will for him.”
with Cassie during that case. Multiple times. In vivid detail. He can hear himself complaining to Sam about all the full frontal nudity the day they had first stumbled on the “Supernatural” series. Wherever Chuck is, if Dean ever finds him, he’s going to kill him.
“By God,” Ramiel says, correcting him, “Everything begins and ends with our Father, Cassiel. We -- I just took his idea and ran with it.”
“Yes.”
12. Play With Fire - The Rolling Stones
“So I find it interesting that you fight so hard to do what you feel is right when you aren’t sure what you’re fighting for anymore.”
“Will my Dean be there?” Castiel asks.
It had taken some time for Castiel to persuade Dean to detach himself from the angel’s lips. In truth, it hadn’t been easy for either of them. Dean isn't sure where they’re headed and from the looks of things, Castiel doesn’t have a clue either. They’d found a door leading out into the wilds of Dean’s mind, which had turned out to be a beach. At least so far.
“No time like the present,” Gabriel says, leaning forward into Dean’s face, “Now, open up and say, ‘Ah’ for me.”
“I’m surprised they’re getting along that well," Dean says, eyes looking Sam up and down, "How are you holding up?”
“I did.” Dean says, “But what makes you think that wouldn’t have included you too?”
Castiel reaches his arm out towards Dean, hand open. He doesn’t say anything else, eyes pleading with Dean to understand. To let him make this choice. With a shaking hand, Dean removes Castiel’s angel blade from inside his jacket. He drags himself a little closer, reaching out to put the blade in Castiel’s hand. Their fingers touch as Dean relinquishes the cool metal into Castiel’s waiting hand. Castiel almost drops it at the contact, wanting nothing more than to grab Dean's hand and hold tight to it instead.
“God, Sam is such a girl! He’s probably been planning his wedding since he was a kid. I wouldn’t be surprised if he has scrapbooks lying around somewhere at Bobby’s,” wrapping an arm around Castiel, Dean grins, “Sorry, you have to put up with that, man.”
“Torture?” Past Dean’s eyes dart from Cas to Dean, “Oh, so we’re torturing again. Well, that-that’s good… Classy.”
They’re silent for a moment, Dean still holding himself over the fallen angel. When Cas does speak, his voice sounds a little stronger, but resigned, “There’s nothing to understand, Dean. Just get on with it.”
“What is that stuff?” he asks.
“And I told him you weren’t my type,” Gabriel says, cutting Sam off.
“To truly save Dean from damnation, he will have to willingly give up the Mark of Cain, preferably transferring it back to its original owner,” Castiel says, leaning back in his chair.
“You look well.”
**********
“God had been distraught after the fall and Michael’s self-imposed solitary confinement,” Ramiel says, ignoring Castiel, “He thought he’d try again. Create more life to fill the hole left by the ones he’d lost. He wanted to improve on the older models. Try to fix what had gone wrong, and thus a new archangel came into existence.”
“What can I say? These things take time. I’m working on it.”
“Oh, I'm sorry. I’m being incredibly rude. My name is Henry Winchester,” the man says, holding out his hand, “I believe you know my grandsons.”
“Why not? S’comfortable enough.”
He sees Dean hesitate. For a brief moment, Cas even thinks Dean is turning back towards him. Instead, he disappears around the side of the cabin, leaving Cas completely alone with his pants still down around his ankles.
“I -”
Sam bends down to look under the hood of one of the figures. A woman sits, eyes closed, her face bowed and her hands folded, just like Sam’s had been when he first woke up here. She looks human, but that doesn’t mean much. He can’t see her breathing. She’s not moving at all. Still, there’s something alive about her. Something he can’t put his finger on.
“He flew the coop too?”
“Can we go already?” he asks.
“The answer to your question, Sam,” Joshua says, ignoring Dean’s petulance, “is complicated. At one time, Heaven did indeed have more than four archangels, but the rest were destroyed before our Father created humans.”
“That was just dicks being dicks because they’re... They’re dicks!”
Sam laughs at that, Crowley along with him. He would be lying if he said it wasn’t weird to be having an amiable conversation with Crowley, but he has to admit, it's almost enjoyable. It feels like forever since he’d been involved in a conversation bordering on lighthearted. At least what counted as lighthearted for them.
“We’re fine, man what’s going on?”
“I don’t remember you guys being this slow before. We’ve all been locked up.”
“Get the hell off him, you bitch!” Dean yells as he starts towards them.
“Nah, I'm good,” Dean says, already sliding down to snuggle back under the blankets.
Castiel doesn't show emotion often, at least not by human standards. Anyone else might think he's some sort of strange robot cyborg hybrid, or an uptight statue. But after all this time, Dean knows there are tiny differences and looking closer, he can see the hurt and confusion warring in the angel.
“I had him,” Castiel says, between sobs, “I had him, but I couldn’t hold on. Sam, he fell and he’s --”
Castiel tilts his head down, resting his lips against Dean’s ear, keeping his voice low and soft, “You are not the only one to become a monster. Have you already forgotten all the atrocities I committed in Heaven and on Earth? I’m no different from you.”
“I don’t recall you ever being so tired that you forgot to eat.”
He’s better about telling people how he feels, but it doesn’t mean he’s a master at it or anything.
“Out recruiting. Word is she’s making a Pit stop before coming back, but I can’t guarantee how long she’ll be away playing.”
“Oh yeah?” Dean grumbles, shoving halfheartedly at his brother’s back with his foot, “What’s that “Dear Abby”?”
Castiel looks around, “Why this place?”
“Here we go,” Cas says, making his way back to them.
“It’s a joke, Cas!” Sam yells over the commotion.
“Don’t do that.”
“Oh come now, Castiel, perhaps you’re just not looking hard enough.”
“We have to get them out of there,” Sam says.
“Uh... Gabriel? It’s Sam. Winchester --”
hellhounds
Sam lets him go. Dean still looks like he is ready to murder the first thing he can get his hands on, but at least the crazed look has gone out of his eyes.
“Why is that?”
Sam is going about his routine when he notices Dean and Castiel never made it back to their rooms last night. He finds them in the backseat of the Impala, the first rays of morning glinting off the black paint as the sun peaks over the horizon. A kind, generous brother would just say they fell asleep, but Sam likes to think of it more as cuddling.
“Jophiel wished to help others who had fallen. I sent him to Salem, West Virginia to meet up with more of our brothers and sisters.”
He looks much the same as the last time they had seen him. Same deep V-neck shirt under a jacket and a glass of whiskey in his hand. He swaggers towards them, smarmy grin and all.
“He brought us here on someone else’s orders.”
Dean glares at his former self, “You wanna shut up?”
He sits like that for what feels like a long time, before he becomes aware of a distant sound somewhere off to his left. He lowers his eyes, bringing his beer to his lips as he scans Bobby’s salvage yard and is presented with two unexpected things. First, he gets a flash of beige flying across his field of vision, the very same color of trench coat he’s seen Castiel wear everyday for the entire time he’s known the angel.
“From what I hear that’s not entirely true,” Mary says.
Castiel props up on his elbows and stares at her for a moment, breath coming in harsh gasps. Dean is about to say something, when Castiel’s arms give out as he collapses back down to the floor. He’s at the angel’s side before Dean even realizes he’s moved, kneeling next to Cas to survey the damage.
“No idea. I’m not a scholar of all things winged and haloed. You’d have to ask someone more knowledgeable on the inner workings of Heaven,” Crowley says, looking at Castiel, “But I am telling you what I know to be fact.”
Sam stops, mouth open when he sees that it’s Dean trying to get to his feet, not Castiel. Using the bookcase as leverage, Dean gets his legs under him. He staggers over to his brother, helping him up off the ground.
“There’s a loose end I need to tie up,” Death says, snapping his fingers.
“…and Dean will take…”
Sobs rack Cas and for the first time he doesn’t wonder where they came from. The grief sends him crashing to the ground, his hand sliding in the broken glass of the long forgotten bottle of alcohol. It cuts a long gash in his hand, but Cas doesn’t notice. He shakes from the sheer magnitude of his misery. He folds his arms tightly, an unconscious attempt to physically hold himself together as he flies a part.
“Do we need to do something to lock it?” Sam asks.
“Sammy?” he hears Dean whisper next to him, “Can you move?”
Balthazar nods and with a snap of his fingers, Sam and Dean are back in their regular clothes. The landscape shifts around them. They find themselves in the living room of the house John and Mary had shared back in the early 1970s. The same one Sam and Dean had visited.
“Yes.”
In the times he has been left alone since talking with Joshua, he has taken to trying to do some of the stuff he'd seen Castiel do over the years. Nothing huge like popping out to the Grand Canyon or anything, but small things. He knew Castiel could make stuff move sometimes, and Dean was all for anything that resembled something a Jedi could do. This morning, he tried to make a pen move from the desk in the motel room to where he was sitting on his bed. Dean was almost positive the thing had twitched in his direction, but Castiel had interrupted, coming through the door with food, so he couldn’t be sure.
Dean lets out a huff of a laugh, leaning his cheek against the top of Castiel’s hair, “Only the same kind of stupid you did for me the last time we were down here together.”
It’s like the wind is taken out of Castiel’s sails. He stands there, blinking at his charge, unable to say one word in response. He’s not supposed to want anything. He’s an angel. He’s less than he once was certainly, but still…
Jack leads them down into the crater, using one of the smooth access paths carved out of the rock. Dean is willing to bet that whatever that machine is up there is at least in part responsible for this hole in the ground. He doesn’t see anything that looks like a drill, but he figures angels have better equipment than humans do. It is Heaven after all.
“I know. I read the book.”
Jack smirks, eyes settling on Dean, “That’s all right. We’ve got a two for one special standing right there. I think we’ll be fine.”
It isn't long before Henry opens the door, “Sorry I’m late. If I am actually late, that is. Time seems to be rather fluid here.”
Dean opens the refrigerator and grabs out two six packs, while Sam gets some plates. They’re about to have as close as they’re going to get to their first family dinner in the Bunker. It's bound to be tense, which Sam imagines would be normal as far as extended families go. That’s something.
“Sounds reasonable,” Castiel says, hand picking at a tear in the leather covering of the driver’s seat.
“I know.”
Castiel sits on a wooden bench in the town square watching people pass. Some of them are in a hurry, phones to their ears as they bustle around completing their errands. Some are solitary, pausing to look in store windows at the various items on display. He spots a few couples as he waits, walking hand and hand as they wander through the streets, enjoying the last rays of sunlight. Castiel absently fiddles with Dean’s ring in his jacket pocket.
“I’m sorry some of us aren’t content with their sweetheart’s hand-me-downs.”
Bobby’s eyes go wide. Castiel isn’t sure what exactly is going on in Heaven, but Metatron's words struck a cord with him. Whatever it is, it must involve boosting a demon’s power. An army of demons running amok in Heaven with Metatron at their head is a sobering thought. It must have been a hard sell trying to recruit fallen angels to Metatron's side, even with the incentive of being allowed back home. Besides, lower level demons would be easier to control. The only thing worse than Metatron pulling their strings would be Abaddon controlling them...
Uriel smiles, “Not long enough to save either of your hides.”
“You’re not so bad,” Kevin says, voice quiet.
Dean rolls his eyes, “Yes Cas, I want to. I really want to, believe me.”
The crowd begins to murmur to each other which, with billions of souls all crammed into one spot, turns into a thunderous roar. The angel holds up his hands, requesting silence. After a few minutes, he gets it.
“How’s the pain?” Dean asks as he swings Sam's legs up on the bed and starts taking his shoes off.
“Because...”
“I know that,” Mary says, tone dry, “Whatever brainwashing they’d put her through in Heaven didn’t stay with her when she arrived here. The threat of Zachariah and whoever was pulling his strings was enough to keep us safe among the other angels, but once he ended up here himself, all bets were off.”
“Chinese? Jeez, that’s from three weeks ago! I’m surprised we haven’t had to hunt it down.”
“Should we ask them where we are?” Sam asks, as they move forward, studying some of the figures seated closest to them.
“I’m pretty sure you could have.”
“What happened to him?”
“We're never that lucky,” Kevin says.
“Whoa!” Cas looks his past self over, then turns to Dean, “You were right about that whole stick up my ass thing, Dean.”
“Dean?” Sam asks, prompting him when he doesn’t respond.
“Because it’s art and I like it and I’d really like you to sign it for me,” Dean says, holding out the piece of paper and his pen, “Please?”
It’s not a question, but Dean answers anyway, “No, I didn’t. Joshua said the grace that’s stuck in me is keeping you from cracking up like some of the other angels. I’ve been subconsciously healing you or something like that.”
Now it’s an carved stone slab, flanked by the stone remains of whatever had been on top of it. It's glowing a deep red as Abaddon stands next to it, raising her arms as she finishes the last line of whatever incantation she's reciting. She turns her head and smiles at them as the glowing, red stone falls away, almost melting. Billows of what looks like black smoke fills the air, rushing past Sam and Gabriel. It tears through the library, leaving destruction in its wake as it busts through doors and windows to the world waiting outside.
Sam sighs, frustrated, “It’s a recon mission. We’re not going to go in guns blazing. We wouldn’t be doing that if it was you, me, and Cass. I can handle this, Dean.”
“So you’re telling me Cass could literally be a baby in a trench coat?” Dean asks, raking a hand through his hair in frustration.
Dean crumbles. Castiel has never seen anything more terrifying. He’s seen Dean shed a few tears, but nothing like this. His body convulses, wrecked by the force of his sobs. Here, in his own head, Dean can’t hide. He can’t keep his emotions in check like he does in the real world. There are no coping mechanisms when you’re lost in your own mind. Castiel holds him, arms circling tight around Dean, at a loss for what he can do. Dean clutches at him, hands twisting and untwisting in the fabric of the trench coat the hunter’s mind supplied him with. Castiel hopes the familiarity gives Dean a little bit of the comfort it had given the angel when he’d first woke up here.
Dean rolls over away from Castiel. He opens one eye, the dim light still too bright for his tastes. Sam isn’t as blurry as he used to be. Things are starting to stay clearer each time Dean wakes up. He tries to lift his body up so he can lean against the headboard. Dean makes it halfway before he needs some assistance from Sam. His little brother gets him settled then sets a tray in front of Dean before he takes a seat in the chair. The wood creaks as Sam sits.
Dean has to think for a minute, but laughs when he realizes what the guy is talking about, “That’s just a thing me and my brother do. It’s kind of like a term of endearment for us.”
Dean would be all right risking himself, but Sam and Castiel?
The ground shakes beneath them, this new quake stronger than anything they’ve felt before. The blue light coming up through the cracks in the ground glow brighter as the fissures widen. Castiel is knocked to the side, but somehow keeps hold of Dean’s hand.
Sam watches his brother. He can’t get a read on what emotion keeps flickering across Dean’s face as they talk. It almost looks like he’s lost. It’s gone in a flash, but there’s something about it that doesn’t sit right with Sam. It's out of place on Dean. He shakes the feeling off. He imagines it’s because Dean likes to put on a smile and fake it ‘til you make it. He always tries not to let any of his doubt or fear show. With everything that has gone down in the last 24 hours and all the pieces they’re going to have to try to pick up, it must be wearing on Dean so much he can’t hide it anymore.
Dean reaches out for him. Castiel scoots up to the top of the bed as Dean swings his legs back up. Dean pulls him closer, arms wrapped around him. A hand runs through Castiel’s hair as he leans against Dean’s chest.
“Fine, you got me, but they’ve got to be running on fumes. How much damage can they do?”
“Cass can stay awake longer than you and he can walk short distances under his own steam. He doesn’t venture far though,” Sam says, with a knowing look, “And he’s a much better patient than you are.”
“So you’re giving up the search?”
Personally, Bobby feels like it’s the best of both worlds. This way he gets to see his friends and family whenever he wants without poor Ash having to act as their Heavenly travel agent. It also turned out to be most helpful having somewhere to hide right after the big blow out with Metatron and his army of demons. And not because of all the work rebuilding and getting all of Heaven’s souls sorted back out. It was nice to have an escape from Henry and John’s incessant yelling.
“Charming,” Crowley says, smiling at Dean.
After they give Cain’s remains a proper hunter’s burial, Castiel takes off. Sam gives him the keys to one of the Men of Letters’ cars, some money, and a few credit cards to get him started. His departure isn’t permanent. Castiel had wanted to give the brothers space to begin fixing what was broken between them. They needed it. But that isn’t the only reason Castiel strikes out on his own. He leaves for himself too.
“Sammy, it just kind of hap -”
Instead of bringing the new recruits into the Bunker, Sam had found an old, underground barracks halfway between the Bunker and the end of the safe zone surrounding it. From what he could tell from the map of the land surrounding them, it had been used to house the hunters the Men of Letters trusted enough to let in on some of their secrets. Even though they trusted them to some extent, The Men of Letters hadn’t wanted any of those hunters snooping around the Bunker while they were crashing with them. While Dean had taken great offense to this news just like he had when Henry expressed a dislike for hunters, even Dean had to admit that he was glad to have the option right now. Keeping the Bunker safe is always at the back of both of their minds, and Sam figures that’s exactly what the Men of Letters had been thinking too.
He stops there, but Dean can almost hear Sam accusing him of lying that night when Dean had busted into that old, abandoned church to stop his little brother from finishing the trials. He told Sam there was nothing he would put in front of him. That he trusted Sam and needed him here to help more than anyone else. And Dean meant every word. Sam doesn’t know it, but he is asking Dean to put Sam’s desire to pull his own weight in front of Sam’s health. In front of Sam’s
“As much as he’ll let me.”
“What?” Castiel asks, staring at Dean in shock.
“Will he be back soon?”
Now, that blindingly bright and shiny bit of humanity that had drawn Castiel in so deeply was completely absent in the twisted and damaged wreck that made up his Dean Winchester.
“Can you please take care of it?” Castiel says through another yawn, as he snuggles into him, squirming against Dean like he’s settling back in.
“This thing must be busted,” Ash says, hitting his contraption with his hand, “It’s picking up some weird signals.”
Crowley isn’t surprised by the suggestion. While their research was slow going, it was becoming clear there would come a point when outside investigation would become a necessity. Still, Crowley is only willing to go so far in the name of teamwork.
**********
“That’s not the problem.”
“Touchy aren’t we?”
“Sure I do, but do you?” Dean asks, grabbing Castiel’s chin with his other hand, forcing him to stare into those black eyes, “You’re not an idiot, Cas. You may not like it, but I’m him too.”
Bobby sits at his old desk back in the study of his house in Sioux Falls. The thing is still forever covered in papers and books, just the way Bobby likes it. It feels like decades since he’s been able to sit here among his books, quietly doing research. It’s raining outside his window, the sound of thunder rolling off in the distance. He was happy to have his own place to escape to again. The souls of Heaven had voted to keep the city, but retain the option to retreat back to their own personal Heavens whenever they felt like it. It was a compromise, helped along by Joshua and those angels that had opted to return.
Bobby is within arm reach of one of them when all Hell breaks loose. There wasn't a good way to time their attacks, and it appears that Henry or Karen must have already gotten to one of their marks. The thing in front of Bobby screeches as its fellow crashes to the ground. The souls around him start to panic, pushing towards the door. Bobby lunges at the creature before it can take off, its wings already spreading. He manages to wrestle it to the ground, more due to its shock than from his strength. Gripped tight in his hand, he feels the blade push through, digging into the charred flesh of the creature. Dark, almost black blood oozes out as the thing as orange flashes from underneath its skin. Bobby pushes the body away of him.
Never let it be said that Castiel isn’t a quick study. Not only does he “keep hitting that,” the angel also makes the executive decision to throw in a little tongue and mouth action, playing with the head of Dean’s cock as he goes. It almost sends Dean careening off the bed. He draws in ragged breaths, once again unable to get enough air as he writhes on the bed. It’s not long before he’s tugging at Castiel’s hair.
” Sam says through a yawn, “
“He actually spelled out the time,” Crowley says, handing the phone back to Sam, “While I’m impressed he knows what a text is, someone should teach the angel it’s not so much formal letter writing as it is caveman grunts in butchered abbreviations.”
“I know. I can’t either.”
Dean kisses the top of Castiel’s head as he watches him flip the page.
**********
“Uh…” Sam says, distantly wondering how he’d ever let Dean blackmail him into this.
(See the end of the chapter for
Everything moves fast. Dean has stunt angels one and two on him before he can blink. He’s fought with angels before. It tends to involve flying through the air until you hit something hard and rib shattering. This time is different. These guys are angel-lite, but they’re still stronger than your average human. He shoots the taller of the two in the right shoulder. The angel falls backwards, stunned for the moment. Dean takes aim at the second angel, but the shot goes wide as the he tackles Dean low. They crash to the ground, Dean’s gun skittering off into the ditch.
“You didn’t have to do this.”
“You know who I am?”
He feels along Castiel’s neck. There’s a pulse, and it’s strong. Some of Dean’s initial panic eases. Dean shakes him, but his body remains limp. He rolls Castiel onto his back, running his hand through the riot of black hair, pulling him into his lap.
“Yes well, apparently Abaddon isn’t one for patience. Where are the Hardy boys and their wingless sidekick?”
“You know that Dean took on the Mark of his own accord.”
“Chief, if I were surrounded by eight or ten of these things, would I stand a chance with them?” a voice from the TV asks.
“You guys all right?”
“Why were you running?”
“Did you find what you were looking for?” Dean asks.
“Wouldn’t they be cold?” Castiel says and Dean tries really hard not to think that the angel’s wide-eyed look of genuine concern for any would-be streaker isn’t adorable, “Where do they run?”
“There’s no curing the human condition, Sam.”
“Something like that.”
**********
Castiel lets himself lose track of what’s going on around him and Ramiel. He stops fighting for control of his body or his senses. He lets Ramiel take the reigns. The feeling of delight that courses through Ramiel when he stops fighting prickles along Castiel. The smugness rolling off the archangel is infuriating. It’s almost enough to cause Castiel to lose his resolve to step back. He holds out though, not giving Ramiel the satisfaction of feeling any reaction from him.
“What did you do, Dean?”
He closes his eyes and prepares himself for the inevitable.
“That cut is almost healed.”
“Damn it,” Dean says, still trapped in his T-shirt.
“Sam’s wrong about this one. Crowley’s going to screw us one way or another before this is all said and done.”
“Thank you.”
“I haven’t been sick.”
“Possibly. Legend has it a horrible train wreck occurred here sometime after it’s construction during the mid-1800s. I only had time for a cursory glance at the history while you were gathering the supplies to summon Jack, but I was unable to find any official records or newspaper articles to substantiate the claim.”
The figure is decidedly that of Dean Winchester, but something is wrong. Dean’s walk is off kilter, his arms stretched out in front of him as he lumbers along, much slower than his normal gait. Head tilting to the side, his mouth hangs open as another moan escapes him.
Castiel nods and gives him a slight smile. Dean drinks the rest of his milk as Castiel studies him. The intense scrutiny should be weird, but after all these years, Dean has gotten used to it. Besides, it’s comforting to see those old mannerisms haven’t disappeared, despite the angel’s fall. Despite everything.
"He told you?"
“Happy?”
**********
“You volunteering?”
“If we make it out of here alive, we can do whatever you want.”
“He will be stuck in the between for the rest of eternity. Unable to move on and unable to return to Earth.”
“Then why hasn’t he come back?”
“John?” Sam asks.
Sam is all but squirming around in the chair.
Dean paces awhile longer before catching sight of Gabriel standing off to the side. The archangel still looks a little green around the gills, but he had been able to make himself useful when they’d been under attack. Some of his mojo must be back or he wouldn’t have been able to get up off the ground let alone through a fight. After a moment’s deliberation, Dean marches over to Gabriel.
Sam finds using his powers a lot like riding a bicycle. It’s been years since he tried to access them, but the muscle memory is still there. It’s weird. He had spent so much time pushing it away, it feels like a release the first time he holds out his hand to stop a demon from stabbing one of the fallen angels in the side.
Sam glares at him, “Will you put me down?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“But there’s truth in it, not unlike you,” Castiel says, lips twitching upwards, “We’re trying to set things right again, Jack. With Heaven locked and Hell in an uproar, you can’t be having the easiest of times carrying out your own tasks.”
“Are the kids all right?”
He feels Castiel’s hand ghosting along his sides, down to his hip. All Dean can do is stare at him, eyes wide.
“From what I’m getting, like a third of the Host.”
Castiel’s apartment is one of the few on this side of the hall that are currently occupied. Most of them are empty at the moment, while the rest are undergoing renovations. There’s only two tenants other than him. One is a woman named Ellie. She's in her early seventies and Castiel helps her with small tasks around her apartment whenever he can. She tells some great stories, which Castiel finds endearing if not a little farfetched. She also makes some of the best brownies Castiel has ever tasted. The minor chores are a small price to pay for the pleasure of her company. He knows she’s out of town for the next few weeks, visiting one of her sisters who lives a few states away. At least she's missing out on all this unwelcome late night activity. His other neighbor is a recent addition to this end of the hall. Castiel hasn’t met them yet.
“You have to eat.”
“Were you guys trafficking souls?” Dean asks, mouth dropping.
“I suppose that’s the best you can ask for.”
Cain gives him a sharp look, “Do not use my brother as a means to your ends. You know nothing of our story.”
“What are you talking about?”
Dean says, interrupting him,
“Such a gentleman.”
“Dean, calm down.”
“You have to go now!”
“Just tell them.”
“We must make our way towards the library,” says one of the angels fighting near him.
“Well, Cas always was a dumb son of a bitch,” Dean says with a bitter huff of a laugh.
In the second scroll he finds what he’s looking for. At least he thinks it’s what he wants. From what Dean can tell, there’s a sigil that will beam an angel from Heaven to Earth and vice versa even if the gates are shut. It’s grace powered of course and requires a blood sacrifice from one of Heaven’s higher ups. He’s a little iffy on whether or not he’ll be able to use his soul to power this thing, but he does have the blood on tap at the bottom of the steps outside.
“Well, you better try, because I sure as hell ain’t getting it.”
Bobby shudders at the thought. That’s saying something. Possession wasn't a thrill ride at an amusement park before.
“Empty out your wallet, Cas.”
“Henry. When he traveled through time. He said he’d used his soul to power the spell.”
The blackness and silence closing in around Sam is oppressive in a way he has never felt before. It’s what he imagines being locked inside a coffin would feel like. He wants to scream, but can’t fill his lungs with enough air to make the sound. His breathing is slow and steady despite his building panic, like his body and mind are two separate entities functioning outside of one another. He still can’t see anything.
“Will flowers and stuff do for you or do I have to tap a vein to woo you?”
Castiel is a lot of wonderful things, but he did have a tendency to leave out crucial details because he didn’t think they were of “import” or some annoying shit like that. Castiel just stares back at him. His expression is as impassive as ever, but something else lurks in those unearthly blue eyes and it’s making Dean uneasy.
Castiel is halfway undressed and Dean has only managed to divest himself of his long sleeve button up. He hurries to catch up. He tries to toe out of his boots while tugging at the back of his black T-shirt to pull it off, but Dean over balances. He slides sideways, banging his head into one of the wall mounted hand driers.
“Damn it,” Dean says, raking his hand through his hair, “If you know me so well, then you know I’m bad at this.”
“Are you doing anything or is this just another game, because if I’m playing doctor with anyone, it’s going to be Cass.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“How did you to do that?” Jo asks, just as stunned as Jess had been, “I’ve been trying for days.”
Sam nods, turning back towards the collapse, “We’ll meet you back at the cave opening.”
“Dean,” Castiel growls before closing the final few inches of distance between them.
Joshua doesn’t answer, giving Dean a knowing look as he continues, “However Castiel found you, it took everything he had to get you both out. He almost didn’t survive. When an angel travels through Hell, we are partially cut off from Heaven. The further down we go, the weaker we become. That being said, Castiel should have been strong enough to descend as far as he did and make the trek back up, especially with his garrison helping to keep the path clear.”
They step off Bobby’s porch, their feet kicking up little dust clouds as they make their way through the salvage yard. Castiel looks up at the perfectly clear night sky, the thousands of stars winking back down at him and his charge. There’s not a drop of rain in sight.
“When the time comes, you will lead them to me, do you understand?”
“You were trying to protect my virtue?”
For a while, all Dean can hear is the sound of Cas’ uneven breathing. His cock rubs up against the former angel’s ass and it takes everything Dean has not to slam into him. Instead, he rests his head against the back of Cas’ neck as he draws random circles along his hip, waiting. The hand that rests on Cas’ chest rises and falls as he takes a deep, steadying breath.
“Not helping,” Sam says, glaring at Gabriel.
” Sam says.
“Now where are you going?” Kevin asks, chasing after him.
“Me either, but that’s not what I was asking about.”
Still, Castiel has to admit that Dean does look good in his rented tuxedo.
Mrs. Tran had been held against her will as an insurance policy for Crowley, but the digs he’d kept her in weren’t too shabby and she hadn’t been tortured. She’d been completely fine, minus the pissed and worried sick part. Dean had to give Crowley credit for not being as big of a douchebag as he could have been. Sam had felt vindicated, which caused Dean untold amounts of annoyance for weeks afterward.
“He didn’t want to, Dean, just like I didn’t want to go. Sam had to.”
the reason I’m dead. A hunter knows anytime you go out on a job, you might not be coming back. It’s part of the deal.”
Dean has missed this. It’s not like he hasn’t been able to touch Castiel. They’ve been sharing a bed while Dean's been on sick leave. It's kind of hard to avoid. But those had been comforting, innocent touches. While Dean has more than enjoyed holding Castiel or being held by him, he missed this just as much. If his body’s reaction is anything to go by, maybe even more than he realized.
The mound of dark, rumpled hair tilts up until wide, blue eyes bore into him. Castiel’s face is mere inches away from his and Dean finds breathing difficult.
“By Naomi.”
"Find anything that links the names on your list?"
Castiel stares after him until he disappears, a bemused but contented smile on his face. He reaches up a hand and shakes the rice that is still stuck in his hair out. Looking around one last time, Castiel’s eyes fall once again on the snapdragons on the altar. Carefully, the angel gathers up the bundle of flowers, carrying them with him as he makes his way out to his waiting family.
**********
“Seriously?”
“The sound of it,” Castiel adds, his eyes darting away from the man sitting in front of him, “I find it… Comforting.”
Jack considers him for a long time, “No, you haven’t.”
The guy bothers Sam in ways he can't begin to describe. There’s a single mindedness about Simon that sets Sam on edge. The man scans the room and the people in it, evaluating everything. Calculating. He doesn’t see people, he sees variables and means to ends. He reminds Sam of himself back when he’d been so dead set on killing Lilith. And finding Dad after Jessica had been killed. And how he’d acted when Castiel had left his soul back in the Cage. The list goes on. Sam has to stop himself from grinding his teeth.
Of course it’s not a direct answer, Dean’s not sure why he expected one from Castiel.
Dean leans toward Castiel, looking over his shoulder, “What are you reading?”
11. Hold on Loosely - 38 Special
Sitting up, Dean leans against the wall instead of Castiel, “Fine. Some of my greatest hits, huh?”
“Sam!” a voice calls from the shadows somewhere behind him, “You’re ruining the whole show!”
When Dean gets a good, solid rhythm going and feels like he’s not going to fly apart just from being inside Castiel, Dean lets his hands wander. One hand ghosts across Castiel’s chest, while the other finds its way to his cock. Dean's hand moves in time with his thrusts, taking his time. Castiel lets out another groan that he’s quick to muffle when Dean touches his dick. Castiel's fingers and knuckles are white from his iron tight grip on the metal shelf.
It occurs to Sam that Castiel is more than acquainted with Dean’s less delightful personality traits at this point than anyone outside of Sam, but he still wants to put the offer out there. Castiel opens his book, as if he hadn’t heard Sam talking. Sam is about to leave Castiel to it, when the former angel speaks up.
The archangel stops in a small, out of the way cavern. It had been a silent walk down a maze of corridors. Castiel watches along side Ramiel as he performs the necessary preparations to raise the Lords of Hell. The words he uses are Enochian, but it’s a version Castiel is unfamiliar with. It’s a dialect that he would hazard to guess hasn’t been spoken out loud since before Lucifer fell.
“Dean, language,” Mary says, turning towards him, brow furrowed.
“I’m sorry, Dean. I can’t wait any longer,” Castiel says, even as he pulls the man to him.
“Have you?” Jophiel asks, staring through Dean, “You’ve faced down many a great foe, even Lucifer himself, but the beast you poke now is far greater than any you’ve faced before. You think you know who your enemy is, but do you truly?”
He finds Castiel’s eyes in the mirror, as the man lets out a moan that nearly wrecks Dean. If anyone walks by now there's no way they would have missed that. He nips Castiel’s ear, a reminder for him to keep it down. Castiel arches his back, his right hand sliding behind Dean's neck, pulling him closer. What Dean wouldn’t give to be some place where they didn’t have to worry about being too loud. He wants nothing more than to take his time, figuring out what sounds Castiel makes when he kisses him here and touches him there. He wants to drive Castiel past the point of words or noises, until there’s nothing but silent screams. He wants Castiel to cling to Dean for dear life, leaving scratch marks along his back. Dean wants so much more.
Sam rounds a corner and sees Gabriel and Castiel up ahead. Castiel is sitting on the ground next to where Gabriel is standing. His head pops up as Sam sprints towards them. Castiel struggles to get to his feet, eyes wide as he takes in the sight of Dean’s limp form.
“I need to go with them,” she says.
“Skulking in the shadows.”
Sam sighs, “I’m sure Cass is fine, Dean. Bobby will keep an eye out for him.”
Gadreel does not elaborate, but what his words are unsettling enough. There are too many players on the board for Castiel to hazard a guess as to who else would be soliciting help from fallen angels.
“You’re thinking someone etch-a-sketched history and now there’s nothing left?”
“Flying mook at three o’clock.”
“No.”
“You know what it is, Dean.”
It’s probably not as surprising as it should be to him when one minute he’s standing there inspecting his contraband and the next the bottle lies smashed on the ground as he’s slammed up face first against the wood wall. He tries to push back, but he’s pinned.
“Don’t be. It wasn’t your fault.”
“I’m afraid I won’t have much in the way of specifics. Despite claims to the contrary, the Watchers were not omniscient. Although, I can see why you two would be so interested,” Joshua says, pointing at Azazel’s name on the list.
Castiel is almost halfway down the walkway before Dean recovers enough brain power to hop on, jogging to catch up with him. Dean’s sleep deprived brain might not be firing on all cylinders right now, but he’s sure Castiel was flirting with him. They wander the halls, talking the whole way. Dean doesn’t remember the last time he’d talked so much to someone who wasn't Sam or Bobby.
“Which part?”
“I’d say,” the woman says, deadpan.
He settles in, keys jangling as he starts the engine. The motor revs as “Carry On Wayward Son” blasts from the speakers.
They hadn’t spoke of Daphne or his time spent as “Emmanuel” since Castiel had regained his memories. It isn't something Castiel thinks of often. It feels like it happened to someone else, like a movie he can turn on inside his head and watch when he wants to. Mostly, Castiel doesn’t like to recall Daphne because of what happened afterwards. It wasn’t until after he was brought back from Purgatory that Castiel had been in good enough mental and physical shape to try to make amends.
Bobby and Rufus make a run for it, but they don’t get far. Bobby ditches his bag, pushing it into an alcove before the two men are able to catch up with them.
“What’s a guy supposed to say to that?” Dean asks, swiping at his eyes with the back of his hand.
“You’re always tired and you’re losing weight, Dean, what do you call that? Sam has been all but climbing the walls wondering what was wrong. Why didn’t you say something?”
Dean jerks at the mention of souls. He had planned to tell Castiel and Sam about the whole soul thing sometime around never and now all of a sudden he’s an inch away from this Jophiel guy blowing his cover.
“What? Metatron filled your head with all kinds of pop culture references, right? This is exactly the kind of thing that would happen in a horror flick. Thank god all we did was kiss back there or we’d really be screwed, and not in the fun way.”
“Well, it has now,” Crowley says, “Are you telling me it’s never bothered you two that you were supposedly preordained by Heaven to be the vessels for Michael and Lucifer and yet, Azazel wasted all those years prepping other demon blood kids? Did you think he was just doing it for kicks?”
Dean opens his mouth to speak, closes it, and considers the angel for a minute before saying, “Well, damn Cas, I’ve got nothing to say to that.”
“What?” Dean asks, turning towards Jack, “But --”
“I don’t know if I’d be talking about mistakes with the outfit your rocking. You got a stove plate hidden under there too, Fist Full of Dollars?” Dean asks.
“Sounds like it’s the only one we’ve got,” Sam says, looking back to Joshua, “How do we break in?”
“Didn’t bust up your party did I?” Dean asks, grimacing as he tries to scoot back away from Ramiel.
“He’s right. Those things went through all that trouble to keep us there. How many people did we watch them kill. How many did we --” Tracy says, looking away for a moment, “They’re not going to let you go.”
“Are you?”
**********
“You said you were under a time crunch. What do you mean by that?” Castiel asks.
“What does that mean? Is he in trouble? Is Sammy hurt?”
“We found him up the street, heading this way,” one of the demons holding him says.
“What do you mean?”
“Gabriel, get Castiel out of here.”
“I’m still here, aren’t I?” Rufus says, “I barely got down to the studs. Whenever I turned away, even for a second, the wall would just magically reappear, good as new.”
Now that Castiel mentions it, Dean realizes he’s not wearing the same coat he'd had before. It looks a hell of a lot like the old one, but it’s a little darker in color and he thinks it might be shorter than the other one. There might be a few less buttons than the one Dean remembers. Not that any of that means anything. The dude could have a closet full of trench coats for all Dean knows. All of them variations on the same kind of theme. Dean is still glaring at him, but he doesn’t say anything. Castiel must be encouraged by Dean's silence, as he continues on with his story.
"Welcome to the world of hunting, kid.”
He isn't an angel anymore, but Castiel is still so damn graceful. His movements are fluid, every motion intentional as he steps out of his jeans. Dean watches as he unbuttons his shirt, those long fingers making short work of it. He isn't putting on a show for Dean, at least not that Castiel is aware of. But hell, sometimes just watching Castiel walk around the Bunker is show enough for Dean.
“It resulted in a marriage. I think that would qualify as a success.”
Turning back towards Crowley, Abaddon’s ruby red lips break into a smile, “Where are they?”
"Like some kind of angelic demon?" Dean asks, the pounding getting louder.
“I will.”
“Gabriel’s still --”
**********
“She’s great at it too.” Dean says.
Dean pulls desperately at Castiel’s trench coat. The guy has on too many layers. Dean has too many layers. There’s way too much fabric between them.
“Great.”
“I don’t like it.”
Dean isn't an idiot. He knows what Sam is trying to do. He’s trying to give Dean something to look forward to. It’s not that bad though. Dean will get over it in time. He always does.
Sam turns towards them, “Fight our way in?”
“I’ll talk to him,” Dean says as he scoots a wooden spoon across the counter he's leaning against, still avoiding Sam's gaze.
Castiel takes a faltering breath before he continues.
“I don’t think it’s any more polite when he’s not home,” Sam says, “But leaving a guest stranded on your front porch isn’t exactly good manners either.”
28. Long As I Can See the Light - Creedence Clearwater Revival
The summer passes and Dean tries to forget about Castiel. For the most part he's successful. At least until he stumbles across that stupid drawing in his wallet of that dumb bird that he can't bring himself to throw away. When it’s quiet and he’s back at his own apartment, he thinks back to that night at the airport. He can’t help it and he wishes it would stop. It’s been almost three months and it still hurts. Dean drives Sam to the airport a few days before classes are set to start back up. It’s mid-August and hot as hell. Autumn can’t come fast enough.
“She’s got a few chapters, but not the whole damn user manual,” Dean says, smiling, “But I know who does.”
He figures he’ll just go for broke. Dean kisses him, trying to convey in that one gesture all the longing and all those sleepless nights he’s had this past month. Because he’ll never be able to tell Castiel how much he missed him. Hell, if anything this whole mess is a testament to that. He’s always believed that actions speak louder than words, and god how he hopes the angel can hear him.
“Any who later choose the path of the fallen were hunted and killed,” Castiel says, looking every bit as flustered as Dean had earlier.
“Yes.”
“You consume alcohol?”
The man nods at Dean in approval, “It’s hard to say how far their reach extended. We should get moving.”
“Any idea how we can find them?” Sam asks, trying not to get too excited. This is the first hint of a lead they’ve had in weeks.
They’re interrupted moments later by a tug on Dean’s jacket.
“Yeah well, you ever start spewing pea soup everywhere and I’m disowning you.”
“Cas! You’re here.”
Castiel looks up to see the owner of the underwear currently taking up most of his vision. The man reaches out to help Castiel to his feet. He allows himself to be hauled up, staring blankly at the man as he examines Castiel's hand.
Dean smiles, “I’ll see you soon, bitch.”
Castiel shakes his head, “For the claim. I shouldn’t have - I don’t know why I would have done that.”
Dean moves over enough to give Sam a look, “Yeah, yeah. You still want candy. Well guess what kid, we still don’t have any. And even if we did --”
“Search no more, brother. You’ve found him. Can you truly not tell? We are all of us diminished to a certain degree, but I’ve not met anyone who couldn’t still spot one of their own,” Jophiel pauses, looking Castiel over, “Or are the rumors true? Don’t tell me you’re completely human now, are you Castiel?”
His hand runs through Dean’s short hair one last time, the soft strands sliding though his fingers. They continue down, ghosting over the man’s face, quickly following every line and caressing every freckle. He hugs Dean close, taking in the smell of him one last time. Gun power, leather, the smell of smoke, and something so distinctly Dean. He memorizes everything all over again.
Dean’s first thought is that Crowley double crossed them and let the demons know that there would be a rescue attempt made tonight. It’s too much of a coincidence that they made it all the way to the door before getting caught. Their luck isn’t that bad. While Dean wouldn’t put it past Crowley, what he sees before being slammed to the ground by another demon absolves Crowley from any possible wrong doing. A few of the people they’re in the middle of rescuing stand off to the side of the fighting, fingers against their temples as they mutter something Dean can’t make out from this far away. They’re controlling the demons.
“Are you saying Sam and I are soul mates?” Joshua just nods, “Isn’t that for people who are like, I don’t know, married and in love and stuff?”
“Who said I was?”
“He said it, then he was gone. And, I couldn’t — I never said anything back. I was so sure we were going to die, and it would be all my fault. Again. And he said so much, Sammy… So much.” The tears start to fall as his shoulders shake, “And I just stood there. All I could get out was his name and then he was pushing me out of the way as the Empty took Billie. T-took Cas and I —“
“I know you want to, at least for now.”
“That’s not --” Kevin starts, flinching as he stares up at Crowley, still pressing down on his stomach, “I didn’t mean --”
"You want me to use my powers?"
“C’mon man, talk to me,” Dean says, reaching out.
“Cass?” Dean calls out as he breaks through the trees, eyes searching the clearing.
“Could? I guess that probably got wiped too.” Dean says, his mind still reeling, but he manages to pull himself together enough to concentrate on what Joshua is saying.
“I’m still upright, so I guess that’s something. I’ve been better.”
Mostly, Dean is happy the guy is alive at all. He can remember how terrified he had been watching the angels fall. Some part of him had been so sure that Castiel was dead. He’d known that this was the end and, once again, Dean had been a day late and a dollar short. That is the story of his life, after all. He had never been so grateful to be so wrong when he’d had whatever the hell that was that helped him figure out where Castiel was. An epiphany, or whatever. That episode is a can of worms Dean does not want to go anywhere near right now. Or ever. Besides, he can only deal with one damn problem at a time.
Castiel is all but wringing the straps on the small black leather bag he has in his hands. His eyes are wide when he looks back up, pleading with Dean to believe him.
. I suppose I could keep Dean as a pet after I’m done consolidating the different planes of existence. Would that make you feel better? After all, even if I kill Dean, his soul will still belong to me, as will all the souls spread across these realms.”
Jessica grins at him, “I’ve learned a few useful tricks while I've been up here.”
“Dean did.”
Bobby was the first one to explain what had happened to her and why. He told her about Sam’s life before he escaped to Stanford. About his life after. It was horrifying. She had hoped that Sam would have moved on and had a happy life after the fire, but she wasn’t stupid. She’d known something wasn’t right when that thing, masquerading as their friend Brady, stopped by their apartment on her last night alive. A demon, according to Bobby. At the time, she hadn’t known why she was attacked or that Sam was the reason. She just knew that things were wrong, and she'd been right. They were wrong in ways she never could have guessed.
After Sam and Gabriel leave, Dean and the rest of their crew move out of the crater and back into the abandoned factory. Once everyone crossed the threshold, Dean is on Ash’s ass to get him an access point to Metatron’s main hub. While Dean and Sam had been scheming to get help to the others down on Earth, the souls of his family and friends had been doing their own planning. There are still stations to be taken down and now there is a whole army of those creatures on the loose in Heaven. They’re going to need everyone they can get to put all those things down. Much to Dean’s surprise Jack volunteers to help.
They were pulling up to his school now, he slid out the car waving to Sam and John as they pulled away. Bag hanging casually off one shoulder, he spotted Castiel and his mood lifted. He made his way towards him, but stopped when he realised Castiel wasn’t alone.
“Yeah, don’t be a fucking idiot,” Sam says.
“That is highly unlikely.”
“Do you know what’s behind it?” Cas asks.
He felt better, clearer. He could deal with this. He’d dealt with everything else so far. As long as he had Cas, and Sammy.
“Nope, no shop talk right now, not in the bedroom. Besides, you know we’d tell you if any of your kind of crazy popped up here.”
“Don’t call me that!” Sam said sharply. “You don’t get to call me that anymore.”
“Folks,” the Preacher began, “ I’d like to begin by welcoming all the new faces here today. Our church may be a tad small,” a few scattered laughs permeated the silence, “but the folks in it are good, and I can trust them to be welcomin’ and kind.” He smiled as he surveyed the crowd.
“Dean, we can’t just ignore that this happened. You know that right?” Sam says as gently as he can. “It’s not going to go away.”
“Have you been watching a different show?” Dean taunts, “When have we ever cared about what’s possible? You think you’re so powerful but you know what? You’re just some dumb spell, and you’re already losing your grip on me, ain’t ya? Guess I’m just too much to handle.”
“Oh,” Hael sounded mollified, and she eyed Castiel with a level of impressed surprise that seemed almost affectionate. “I didn’t realise you were helping Dean,” she said to him. Her hand dropped off his arm, and she took a step back. “Hester and I will be with Uriel and the others, feel free to join us later.” With that they were gone.
“The way he described falling in love with you – he twisted it and made it sound painful. It wasn’t.”
“Dean!” Cas called desperately after him.
Then the set falls apart. The walls and furniture of the witch’s house flatten and collapse like cardboard. The audience blinks in confusion at the stage, then starts to clap. The audience is all Dean. A Dean in every seat (and crowded into the isles as well) all dressed the same, all looking about the same age, all bearing the same expression of good-humoured anticipation – as if excited by this latest twist.
“You think he’d be standing there if you didn’t keep him safe?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Oh Sammy don’t you get it? This is it.
“But it sure was close wasn’t it?”
“Besides,” the spell says, “you guys probably won’t even die for real – Just wake up in the real world without me. Probably” he adds again off-handedly, shrugging.  “Works best for everyone.”
Dean didn’t understand how simply looking at Cas was causing him so much pleasure. He leant his head on Cas’ shoulder, it was all he could do while they sat side by side, but he relished the contact none the less.
“What happened?” Cas demanded.
“We need this,” Sam began.
“No, I’m just a genius.”
“You think I wanna be
“Dean this isn’t happening, remember? It’s a memory – we’re in your head.”
“Has it been bad?” It was a stupid question, of course it had been bad, but Cas wanted to ask it anyway.
If only they can say the same for the rest of the hunt.
Uriel seemed to take his silence for acceptance, if not agreement, for he soon lapsed back into his endless monologue about the school. Castiel nodded as he droned, keeping an eye out for flashes of green.
In the back pew, Dean rubbed his hand over Sam’s back gently, knowing he would still be upset. It wasn’t Sam’s fault, and the Pastor had only been joking with him; but he was thirteen and no thirteen year old liked being stared at by that many adults.
“You’ve never been one for nuance Deano,” Alistair drawls. “I didn’t want the symbolism to get lost on you.”
“I’m pretty lucky,” Dean admits. “Yours older or younger?”
… Cas’ fingers are gentle as he winds her hair around them, guiding rather than pulling her head so it’s tilted up towards him. He stops after that, close enough that all she has to do is lean forward ever so slightly until their lips are touching. One half of her expects him to yield and the other half is waiting for him to surge forward, so it catches her by surprise when he just waits. Neither pulling away nor pushing forward, but meeting her exactly. She deepens the kiss, bringing her own hands up around the back of his head and pulling him closer. He matches her intensity, leaning in so they’re pressed up against each other.
Immediately, Cas jumps forward – closing the distance between them and Dean, squinting at the side facing away from them. Sam edges forward more cautiously, casting his head around, holding the lighter up higher. The lack of any one (or anything) has him on edge. He’s about five steps away when Cas makes a terrible, bone-chilling, retching sound – the sort of sound that Sam’s always hoped angels couldn’t make, because that would mean there were things in the world so awful that even angels couldn’t comprehend them. Cas’ eyes are wide, his mouth is hanging open, frozen. His angel blade slips from his lax fingers and lands in a red pool at his feet.
“I can heal the scar.”
Dean only laughed. “How’s about we both kissed each other then?” he asked lightly.
“No Dean, I wouldn’t,” says memory Sam, at the same time as he swings his fist into Dean’s face. The words continue to echo as he punches Dean again and again and again and again and again and again and again...
“And when will he be back?” Sam asks
“Is that from a movie?” Dean asks, and the moment deflates.
The meal was bad: the chicken was dry, the beans soggy and overdone.  Castiel hoped that John wasn’t the regular cook. He gave up after a few mouthfuls, spreading the rest guiltily across his plate. Dean seemed determined to clean his plate as quickly as possible, and he kept his kept his beautiful eyes pointed downwards.
Dean sits up, glowering up at his father. “I’ve been taking care of Sam for
“I didn’t know this was here,” Dean says as they roll to a stop.
“The easiest?”
“When did he leave?”
“Really?” Hael’s voice was so falsely bright he almost took a step back, “how so?”
“So we had best prepare ourselves for anything,”  Cas nods grimly towards the now not so distant glow, which has revealed itself to be a bedside light clad in a soft pink lampshade; its comforting glow beginning to sketch a room around it. The gentle lines of a large double bed emerges, casting a soft shadow onto what are now walls. There are pillows all over the floor – other rumpled piles of cloth pooled between them. Sam spots a familiar shoe half concealed by an unfamiliar blue shirt, a knife and a gun lying carelessly on the floor beside them (unconsciously, Sam feels for his own weapons – somewhat comforted by their familiar feel, even if they probably won’t do much here). The rose light of the lamp is offset ever so slightly by the faint but harsh orange of a street light edging in through a chink in the curtains and landing on an exposed stretch of skin.  Several exposed stretches of skin actually, all undulating gracefully in time with each other.
Dean finally managed to free himself from John’s grip. Working purely on instinct, he pushed his was trough the crowds and stumbled into the aisle. He didn’t know what this crowd would do when they learned the name of Jim’s “snake”, but he couldn’t wait around to find out.
a dark part of his brain supplies) but that doesn’t mean he trusts him to keep them safe. At the same time, however, any movement (no matter the direction) is better than staying in this corridor, arguing about doors. Cas seems to have reached a similar conclusion, for he nods grimly. Uneasily, Sam steps forward, Cas close behind:  the door is too narrow for them to walk side by side. Dean closes the door behind them and it vanishes.
“No, she wasn’t.” Cas mused. A thought occurred to him suddenly. “Do you think she’s...y’know? Like us?”
“I was asking,” Hael said coldly. “What you thought of your father’s choice of closing verses?”
“Like hell you are,” Bobby snaps angrily. “An’ you weren’t in there for more than a minute –”
“Yeah Dean, course.” He turned to leave, pausing as one last thought occurred to him. “Dean, do you think you’ll ever find Castiel?”
“If anyone needs me I’ll be in my room.” He was practically at the door when Jim called to him.
But there
Cas, startled, stares down the barrel of the gun with a confused expression. “Why not?”
Cas softens immediately. “No we shouldn’t cause any physical problems: we’re in the gap between the real and spiritual dimensions: what you sometimes call the astral plane. Except instead of being in the shared, or at least open, space of dreams and visions, we’ve been trapped in the part of Dean that occupies the plane.”
“The real Dean?” Cas takes a step forward. “What’s happened to him?”
Dean chuckles. “Yeah well, I needed the sleep and he needs the practice.”
“I don’t know what you’re talking about, Dad. I told you, I’m sorry,”
“You’re probably right,” Dean sighs, “so let’s get this show on the road.”
“Do you want to talk to him?”
“Same thing happened to my old server,” he remembered some of the stories that Kevin had told him, fists clenching involuntarily. “I’m sorry.”
The question haunted Castiel as he tried to sleep. He wanted to forget; maybe it was all just a dream.
“Wh – Oh,” in any other situation, Sam would’ve laughed himself sick at the sight of an angel blushing. Cas quickly turns from the scene, so that both of them are staring at the cream coloured wall, hung with elegant frames populated by faceless people and blurry landscapes that run into each other.
Alone outside the school, Dean debated his options. If we went home now he’d have to explain to John why he was dateless, which he very much didn’t want to do. He knew that John would be disappointed, especially if Dean reappeared barely an hour after he’d left, and he didn’t want to face that now.
His own sobbing woke him.
“Dad –”
“Nothing bad happens – I promise,” Sam says.
“A long time,” Dean shrugs, fishing a lighter out of his pocket and sticking the cigarette in his mouth. “I haven’t smoked ‘em in a while though.” He brings the flame up to his face, cupping his hand against the gentle wind. Together, they watch the waves.
“Do you think you’ll go?”
“Dean, so help me god if you don’t get in your own room right now, I will lock you in there myself.”  To emphasise his point, he pulled Dean away from Sam’s door across the landing. The look in Dean’s eyes was one of utter betrayal but John refused to be moved by it. Dean had denied his problem, he would have to face the consequences.
Then they were both moving, stumbling really, into each other arms.
Cas chuclked, the sound vibrating through both of them. “I wondered when you’d remember. Last week I got a post card with the golden gate bridge on it. It gave me the address of your diner” he said. He disentangled himself from the bed reluctantly, searching through the pockets of his trench coat.
to me.”
The kid was more invested in the church than John was, he took everything to heart. What would he do if he found out...
“Oh really?” Dean snorts. “You wanna go next?”
“I don’t know,” Cas mutters back. “I didn’t see.”
“This didn’t happen,” The real Cas is muttering, and Sam is beginning to suspect where this is going, and he wishes fiercely that it didn’t need to happen, or that they didn’t need to watch it happen – that they could somehow skip all the way to the end and pretend. Like it could ever be that easy.
Dean snorts incredulously, unconcerned. “Hah! I’d like to see you try,” he raises a critical eyebrow.  “Who exactly are you anyway? My pitiful attempt at normalcy and happiness? Some sappy dream of an apple pie future I’ll never have and never could have?” He surges forwards, until they’re practically nose to nose. “You’re weak, and you know it. You couldn’t even make me sneeze, and you know it.”
Dean’s head is turned away from them and from Lucifer, staring resolutely to the side. They can see a muscle tensing in his jaw, and his hands are clenched into fists on the ground beside them. But otherwise, he makes no move nor noise.
, was able to regain control and throw himself into that cage? There must be something special about you, I thought. Something different. So, I came to find out. But no,” Lucifer shakes his head with a sadness that could almost be genuine.  “Turns out you’re no different from all the other mud monkeys: weak, sentimental, and gullible. Shame.”
Sam spends the first hour sending pointed looks over his shoulder to make Cas check his phone. It takes him half an hour (and Dean nearly swerving off the road) to realise Cas isn’t seeing them because he’s staring at Dean’s eyes in the rear-view mirror (and that Dean is staring back). It takes him another half hour to remember that Cas doesn’t sleep – so his texted plea for privacy is pointless anyway. He doesn’t bother to smother his sigh – it’s going to be a long journey.
“The spell said…” Sam hesitates, not wanting to make this worse, but also not wanting to sugarcoat what’s coming. “…It said that the exit was in your ‘dead centre’.”
“I dunno,” he confessed. “I still wanna talk to Sammy. He’ll  have no idea what’s going on. I need to tell him. If he hears it from me...”
Castiel hadn’t been at school on Friday. He had waited outside until well after the bell rung, hoping he was just late. He’d spent the rest of the day on his own.
“I um got in a fight, Mom freaked.” He explained his face turning red as Dean broke into incredulous laughter. Further down the path, Sam turned to look at them suspiciously.
God, the bible, his father, Pastor Jim, the whole fucking town, the whole fucking world. He angled the stone in his hand and sent it flying at the river. It bounced once along the surface of the river before sinking.  Frustrated, he began searching for another stone.
A fear, a new kind of fear, threatens to overwhelm Sam. It’s not fear of the pain he’s about to be in, or the fear he’s been feeling since this spell trapped them in Dean’s head. No, it’s fear at the sheer look of exhaustion in Dean’s eyes, at the utter defeat in the slump of his shoulders – so completely unlike the Dean of
By the time he finished, a tranquil air had settled over the church. The screaming mass of a few moments before had reverted to the familiar, friendly town.  Cas paid them no attention as he made towards his father.
“That’s what I’m doing.”
“So repent.” Dean said simply. “You don’t have to mean it. We pretended all our lives. We can pretend a little longer.”
Thinking about that kind of stuff depressed him, so he focussed only on what he could remember. At first, he’d been able to recall every moment with precision. As more time passed, however, his memories began to blend...
Jim looked up, surprised at the hush. He opened his mouth as if to speak, the abruptly closed it again, gripping his sermon tightly. “Ahh, folks,” he said, his voice heavy with remorse. “I hate to do this to ya, I know y’all’ve been waiting a good while for me, but I need a few minutes. I’m sure you won’t mind me leavin’ you in Pastor Walker’s capable hands.” He gestured towards the front pew, and Gordon rose smoothly. Dean saw him place a worried hand on Jim’s shoulder, saw a question half formed on his lips, saw Jim’s assurances as he pushed Walker forward gently.
“It shouldn’t be too far after that,” Dean frowns, “not sure how I know, but we’re near the end. Thank fuck,” he smiles a weak, bloody smile that doesn’t reach his eyes. “I’m so fucking tired.”
“Did it say anything else on it? Who was it from?” Dean asked.
door they all collectively realise as they see it for the first time) rises, dark and foreboding.
He actually
Their lips were touching. Cas could feel waves of euphoria coursing through his body. He clutched Dean tightly by the shoulders, he didn’t want to let go, this couldn’t end. His eyes were closed, but he could see colours dancing across his closed eyelids. He didn’t care anymore. Everything had melted away, all that mattered was Dean. All that mattered was that this would go on forever.
“I’m just glad he’s dead is all.”
“You alright there?” Dean shot him a concerned look
“Already did, an’ I didn’t die did I? Did I?” Dean starts to laugh but suddenly becomes serious as he tries to catch either Sam or Cas’ eyes.  “’M not dead am I Sammy? Cas? S’not some…soul quest thingy you guys are doin’ to bring me back?”
“You see!” Jim’s voice cut across the hall, illuminating Dean in its terrible light. “
“No, I don’t want to stay,” Dean had said, aware of the contradiction. “But, Sam. I need to be here for Sammy.”
A lone figure was relaxing at a desk, staring out the window. Before Castiel was really aware of what he was doing, he had already dropped into the seat beside him.
Who was this man? Sam had seen his father in many states before. He’d seen him so drunk he couldn’t stand or speak; he’d seen him prostrate with grief unable to do anything but scream. He’d seen John angry more time than he could count: seen him shout and argue and even lash out. But he’d never seen anything like this: never seen John so cold or collected in his rage.  For a second Sam saw only a stranger. But this wasn’t a stranger: this was his family: and he owed to them to try.
Castiel grimaced at the thought. He’d known how popular his father was, but had hoped, stupidly he saw, that once his initial newness wore off he would be allowed to fade into obscurity.
“You don’t look good son,” Jim hated being sick, he wouldn’t want to get too close. “I’ll call Simon; see if he can’t squeeze you in between patients.”
Dean felt a chill spread throughout his body. It had never occurred to him that he couldn’t go home. What about Sam? Where were they supposed to go? “And if we don’t agree?” He asked. He had to.
The heat is instantaneous, enough to melt the skin off his face if he were let himself believe it were real. Luckily, it’s just a memory (
“You think the exit is gonna be in your grave?” Bobby asks dubiously as they approach the upturned earth.
“You’re stronger.”
“Shhh,” is all Dean says. “It’s about to start.”
“Dean I’m scared for you. I don’t know what he’ll do to you.”
They stayed together for a long time, Cas’ fingers pressed bruisingly tight into Dean’s shoulder blades, Dean’s stubble leaving pale pink pockmarks on his neck. The past and the present merged confusingly, so that the slight, deceptively delicate teenager in Dean’s mind’s eye was at odds with the solid ‘here-ness’ of the body in his arms.
Castiel had seen Dean too. He felt a swell of relief at the familiar blond head, a flash of green as Dean had looked around. But then Dean had headed into the school alone, and one of Uriel’s insistent hands was tugging at his sleeve, the other gesturing to some new teenager he had deemed essential to meet.
“…if I was dying, you’d do the same thing.”
Sam was too confused to reply as he stumbled into the street.
Sam, at least, had the grace to grimace. “Ok yeah, it’ll be that bad, but you need this.”
The words seemed to stab at Dean, piercing the fragile armour he’d erected that night at the river. He could feel the doubts he’d so far kept at bay creeping in.
,” Dean snaps. “And if I look too close I’ll get stuck just like before. You guys need to find me – and not try to have a heart to heart after every little piece of angst. C’mon,” he jerks away from them, walking towards the large pink building.
“We’re, um, lost?” Sam tries weakly.
They had shifted even closer, pressing their shoulders together, their heads bent so close they were touching. Neither of them had initiated this. They hadn’t even noticed.
Sam laughs, and the sound lifts Cas spirits in a way he hadn’t known he’d needed. “No, it wasn’t quite this bad. But Dean hated it – the pink I mean, he loved the pool – so it’s probably what he remembers the most strongly. Dad was on some hunt most of the time, so it was just me, Dean and the other motel kids,” He smiles softly at his sleeping brother. “It was a good summer.”
The rest of drive is peaceful. At some point Dean leans back in the seat, stretching his legs out. “I think I really need to sleep he says,” a little apologetically. “I’m fucking exhausted, and Sam’ll want to talk when we get home.”
“I look like Mom?”
“And feeling,” the other Dean breaks in, smugly. “This is how it made me
“That’s what I figured,” was all he said.
I had to watch/read a buncha sermons and stuff to try and write the one in this chapter and it made me realise a few things:
“It will be good for you, Castiel.” Uriel told him as he was escorted between classes. “Once you’ve had time away from the Winchester you will see clearly what he’s done to you.” He had assumed the role of Preacher in the absence of their fathers. “Soon you will be back on the right path.”
“I’m here.”
Dean smiles sadly and brings his hand up to Cas’ face, as if to touch it. His fingers are fading away to nothing at the edges – like a ghost, or a half forgotten memory. “You got some more pressing issues,” he says, “I’m losing.”
Eventually he ran out of town, and was soon walking along the empty highway. He couldn’t go too far, not if he wanted to get to the library on time, but for now he preferred the endless wheat fields to the town.
“Cas!”
“I’m plenty sensitive,” Dean grumbles, “everything here is just too damn complicated.”
Sam and Cas are arguing over doors. Or, more accurately, they’re arguing over what’s behind the doors. The doors themselves are rather boring: they’re doors after all. Doors that resemble the doors Sam and Cas pass every day in the bunker. On the boring doors are long strings of numbers telling them the date and time contained behind each door – or so they assume, having yet to actually open any of the doors. These numbers are the only interesting parts of the doors. They aren’t in chronological order, and without knowing what’s behind them, it’s impossible to figure out why any door is in any particular place, or what part of Dean’s brain they’re in. The not-quite-Dean Dean leans casually on one of the boring doors, watching Sam and Cas argue with a wry smile on his face.
