Dean glanced over as Kevin and Sam came over and grinned. "Nah, that's just Sam. He's a klutz." he joked with a laugh.
Sam picked up some chocolate, "Yeah giving us diabetes and cavities. Great way to spend the day." He laughed.
Castiel smiled brightly, "That sounds wonderful." he commented. "I'm sure it'll be amazing. Then we can spend our favorite seasons together. I'll show you the dock during the spring. It's breathtaking. Maybe we can travel together. I know there a place that Gabriel keeps up in the secluded areas, maybe we take a roadtrip with everyone and spend time there in a villa. Graduating, walking the stage together. New years to watch the fireworks. Just spending every day together." he spoke kind of quickly and just let out a breath at the last sentence. "I'm already looking forward to the new year with you." he said.
Castiel watched from outside the door before sighing, Dean could have done it. They tried again a few times before Dean was in the hall and he called out to her, “Anna, wait!” he said.
Castiel nodded, "Okay I want to." He said happily. "We can climb the tree again if we can." He offered. "I just want to be all the places we've been to and just talk today I suppose." He told him. He finished his food and water, looking over at Dean. "Should we go?" He asked.
Castiel glanced up at Dean, "Okay." he said. "Do you think it would be okay to call you babe?" he asked right after. He stared at Dean for a moment and Dean didn't reply right away so he said it again. "Babe?" he repeated. Castiel got nervous that he was making Dean mad and he panicked a bit, glancing quickly from Dean to Sam. Sam was just watching Dean with an amused look.
Castiel smiled a little at Dean putting his arms over his. He kept his hold around Dean before moving his head slightly and dropping it down to Dean's shoulder. He placed a kiss on it, before peppering Dean's neck with affectionate kisses.
Dean's eyes shut for a brief moment at the contact, savoring the feeling, before smiling slightly. "Of course you make me jealous. Especially seeing those guys, who have known you longer than I have, practically throwing themselves at you." He shook his head slightly, just the thought of it making him want to grab Cas.
"Yeah! Let's go turn these bad boys in and see what we get." Charlie smiled. She was still hanging around Kevin and they walked together with her hanging off of him. Sam followed beside them as they all walked to the prize area.
"Okay. I'll do one wall then." Castiel took a piece and started decorating it. He hummed softly as he did. Sam took candy and ate a few before he started.
"Cas, I know you're scared, but it's okay." He said, managing to keep the desperation out of his voice. "You're safe. I'm not going to let anyone hurt you."
Dean looked over at Cas when he spoke, but his eyes immediately narrowed when he saw Balthazar and his mind refocused on him. "Do you have another class with Cas?" Dean asked glumly, wondering how he had gotten so lucky to have those classes with Cas while he didn't have any.
"I like having you this close." Dean murmured, turning slightly to kiss his head lightly. "And you're definitely comfortable. Like a big, soft pillow, but nicer and warm." He said, chuckling slightly.
Castiel blushed lightly, smiling at Dean. He leaned up and gave him a soft kiss. He looked back at Dean, "Your eyes change progressively throughout the day. They are such a light green then they become the apple green, sometimes they get darker to become an emerald color, or when you looked at my upstairs they were a deep evergreen." he said. "It's always nice to see them change."
Bobby shook his head slightly, surprised. "You cook and get Dean to do school work- I hope you do too." He said with a chuckle.
Castiel nodded, he slowly moved from Dean's lap. "How are we goin' to clean?" He asked, but really thinking of the cleaning beforehand. He looked up at Dean for an answer. "I don' think I'll be able to stand and shower, I might fall asleep..." He said.
Castiel nodded slightly and he let on last mark on the inside of Dean's thigh sucking on it. He glanced up at Dean's cock before timidly leaning up and lapping at the underside of the skin. The way Dean smelled was predominant from this area and it was intoxicating. He gently kissed the head and rolled his tongue over the head, still feeling shy about doing this again. He continued to stroke Dean as he lightly played with his balls with his other hand. He just licked the head repeatedly and lapped up the pre-cum.
"He'll have mine too." Dean smiled. "He knows, he is coming with. He thinks I'm crazy already so might as well go through with it."
Casatiel stayed quiet for a little bit before he let out a rush of bubbles and sighed. "Yes, Dean..." he said softly.
Dean looked at him, the thought of Cas being willing to try it making him more aroused as well. "Yeah, all this talk about this sort of thing makes me want to try them." Dean replied, feeling the effects of their conversation. He glanced at Cas, internally wondering how sore he felt.
He took the pillow cases from the basket and pulled them over the pillows. He handed the cover pillows to Dean, "Please hold these for a second." he asked before he pulled out the sheets and flapped it out on the bed. He took back the pillows and set them in the middle of the untucked sheets. "Can you help me with these sheets please?" he asked.
Dean wrapped his arm gently around Cas's middle, pulling him closer, slowly . He made sure he did everything carefully, softly, though Cas seemed completely okay with everything so far. Still, he wanted him to have plenty of opportunity to stop if he stopped wanting to be touched or held or kissed.
Castiel had a small smile graced his lips. He laughed a little before he took Dean's hand and stood back up. "I had no control over my clumsiness." he said, stooping down and grabbing his bag. "We should really start, before everyone starves." he said as he gathered their books into their bags.
Castiel hummed softly, "No fighting, even if play fighting. Today is supposed to be bonding and loving." he said.
"Do you want help? I don't want you to hurt yourself. Plus I know you're probably pretty sore." Dean added, hoping Cas would let him help so that he wouldn't fall or anything.
Dean closed his eyes, letting his forehead rest against Cas's. It was both comforting and terrifying to realize how much he trusted Cas in that instant that he would never break that promise. It was entirely new sensation for Dean to have so much hopeful faith in one person, and he knew that this single promise could either break or heal everything about him."Thank you." He said after a pause, opening his eyes again to meet Cas's. "Really."
"Yeah, these'll be perfect in the morning. Plus they're pretty heavenly while they're nice and warm." Dean replied, taking a drink of water in between eating it. "And of course you're welcome to some tomorrow, too." He added, glancing at Sam.
"Did you get rid of the clothes he was wearing? It's better to not have anything physical of the day. So if you haven't, it would probably be a good idea to do that." Sam told him. "Tea is also very calming and soothing so I don't know what you gave him, but just a thought. Water would be something he needs to." He thought about it. "Oh, and I read a book on this so I figured some knowledge would come in handy. I know you're kind of lost on what to do since this has never happened but you need to be the backbone. He's shaken up and he probably all over the place with his emotions. So sometimes you need to take the charge that you think would be right. He probably isn't even thinking correctly so think a little for him. If you don't know, ask, but if you think he needs to be held. Hold him. Do things for him, don't ask all about it because he probably doesn't even know." He pat Dean on the shoulder, "Call me if you need anything. Keep him warm, do reassuring touches but not that much because touching reminds the victim of what happened. Okay?" Sam explained. "I think that's it. If you need something, seriously, just ask." He finished.
Castiel was whining in the bed at the plug being wiggled out of him. He clenched uselessly at nothing as he panted against the bed before crying out at the new feeling. He screwed his eyes shut, gasping. He was dripping precum onto the sheets from leaking. He twitched slightly, "Uhnn! Deaann..." he whined. He couldn't even see what Dean was doing so he could only just wait and it sent shivers up his spine.
"Of course, I can't disobey a direct order from badass Cas." Dean replied with a grin, watching him get out the various ingredients. "So what are we having tonight, chef?" He asked, leaning against the counter until Cas needed his help with anything.
Castiel followed in step with Dean, "Maybe not, but I'll need help preparing the food." He said. "It's a lot of food and I've always wanted to cook a large feast." He smiled.
“Shhh Cas….i know.” Dean brushed his hair again. “I wasn’t going to keep you waiting forever….not this time.”
"Not everyone likes to be treated a certain way, I know how she likes to be treated and I know what she doesn't like so I'm doing what makes her comfortable. So do not tell me how I am treating her. Now if you'd stop being a fucking creep, leave my girlfriend alone." Kevin told him.
"I always come when you call...always." Castiel told him, thinking of all the time Dean sat by the dock.
Dean smiled and stilled his fingers, keeping his arms around Cas. "Sorry, couldn't resist." He said. "Actually, I'm not sorry, but you probably figured that." He added with a laugh, just holding Cas.
Dean chuckled and nodded in agreement. "Yeah, that's not surprising. But we'll make sure you get all the New Years traditions too, don't worry." He added, already looking forward to it. First an awesome Christmas, then an awesome New Years.
Dean tensed slightly, doing his best to block out the murmurs and stares. "Oh yeah, we definitely have to decorate a Christmas tree. We can make cookies if you want, but I don't think anyone's going to give them to Santa." He replied with a slight chuckle, trying to focus on their conversation and nothing else. Unfortunately, that didn't seem to be working too well for him.
Castiel paused in his eating when he felt Dean's lips press against his temple. He glanced up at Dean to still see him eating and he smiled a little and made a small laugh sound before going back to eating.
Castiel smiled a little at Dean in return before getting out as well. He looked over at Dean before they started walking back to the house. Sam had heard the impala and was waiting by the doorway when they came up. "Everything good between you two?" he asked.
"How about next month? When things have calmed down with school starting again, there's going to be valentine's day...and I think that'd be a good time for showing our love, yes? Letting it build and letting it overflow on a day?" he offered. "Yes? Does that seem like a good idea?" he asked. "I think we can do it." he smiled. He gently kissed Dean, "We'll talk about it some more on the way to school, we don't want to be late."
"Oh, yeah, definitely." Dean replied, watching Cas work as he finished cutting vegetables. "Mm, these are gonna be awesome." He said, stomach growling.
Castiel made a pleased sound at Dean massaging his hips. He relaxed into the bed and sighed softly. He closed his eyes and started breathing quietly again. He was really marked up from Dean, he had marks littered everywhere across his body. He had bruises on his hips of fingers, bites and hickies all over his neck and shoulders. They were all deeply colored and would probably longer than a week to heal.
"Are you scared I'm going to be snatched away?" Castiel asked, looking up at him with a small smile. "I still have feelings for you Dean, it's not as if someone were to come along that I would have feelings for them. I'll be more aware for when I do see them again tonight, if I do." he told him. "Maybe you can stay close to me tonight, but maybe just a little ways apart so you won't get caught into talking to some of these masked smiles out there." he said. "The high end life is just the same as any other, just with more lies and loneliness." he explained.
"It didn't hurt," Dean replied first. "I wasn't tied that tightly and it was with the corner of the sheets, so it was pretty soft." He paused, trying to think of a way to explain how it felt. "It was... exciting. I can't really describe it. It takes a lot of trust though, and honestly there wasn't a whole lot of that, which made it less enjoyable." He explained.
Castiel nodded against Dean, he still felt scared. School wasn't going to come around for another few days and the days already felt really long but that still felt really short to him. He didn't know how Dean would ever put up with all this, all his pains, bullying, his family, his mental issues. He didn't understand why Dean tried so hard for him when he was just some ordinary person with a bad background. He held onto Dean, just clinging onto him like life depended on it. No matter how much he knew he wasn't worth it, he wanted to cling desperately to Dean. He was the one thing that kept him sane.
"I don't believe so. They will wear out if I do and I do like to keep my things in fair condition if I plan to keep it." Castiel responded.
Dean beamed, sliding his hand across the hood. "Yeah, she was even more incredible before. And you should've heard her purr." He said. "But once I finish, she'll be all good."
Dean relaxed slightly with the kisses, glad they had been able to work it out. "Do you want to go inside now?" He offered, standing again. He knew Cas wasn't totally better, but he hoped it would be alright again soon.
Castiel laughed lightly, feeling pretty good this morning, at least better than what he has been. He looked at Dean softly, "Surprise me." He said. "I'll eat anything you make." He added sincerely. He thought it was endearing that Dean wanted to make him breakfast this morning. "Are you going to eat with me?" He asked.
Castiel hummed softly, "Why wouldn't she come back? Is it because we're still up here?" he asked. They were just sitting next to each other, resting as they held hands, completely wrapped in their own little world.
Castiel felt something soft around him, relaxing a bit. He made a sad sound at the lost of warmth. His mind was in jumbles, mixing reality and memory. He felt the soft bed but he felt cold and alone. He curled himself tightly, wanting to get rid of the feeling. His breathing was slightly picked up but it was mostly even. He was tired and lying in a bed made him even more tired. His mind was too exhausted to think, yet it still was. He just laid there, falling in and out.
Castiel's arms wrapped around Dean's neck, leaning up into him. He couldn't exactly figure out where to put his arms, so he thought this would be the best. One of his hands sneaked into Dean's hair, lightly carding through it.
Castiel nodded, holding Dean for a few moments more before he pulled away a little. He still kept really close to Dean but away enough to look at him properly. "Thank you Dean. You being here means a lot." he told him.
Under the desk, Dean was on his knees, taking Castiel all the way down the back of his throat with three fingers up his ass and grinding them relentlessly on his prostate. Castiel squeezed his eyes shut, biting his lip a bit from moaning, gripping Dean’s hair to stop him from doing this to him, but Dean pulled against his hand, enjoying the sweet pain of his hair being pulled as he continued to blow Cas.
Kevin looked over at Dean, "Okay so we got into their databases and I think we can make a legitimate order without loopholes and someone catching us." He smiled.
"He should go to the principle to be kicked out because he's ruining my education! His germs might rub off on me and I might become stupid." the student complained.
Castiel glanced over at Dean, "It's not your fault. If you were getting bored you could have left. I gave you the keys. I don't want to bore you. I know you don't understand any of this and it seems like I'm demanding your attention. At most I should at least give you the option of leaving." he replied. They stopped by the fountain and were just standing there.
"Hmmm." Dean hummed, trying to come up with a good truth. He always liked when people chose dares, but he didn't blame Cas for saying truth. He already knew Cas was a virgin, hadn't had any previous boy or girlfriends, had a shit ton of annoying siblings... "What'd you first think of me on the first day we met?" He asked, deciding he'd just go with something he'd been curious about, though he knew Cas would probably tell him even without doing a truth.
Castiel watched Dean for a confused second before he arched, eyes widened as he moaned. "Dean!" There was goose bumps under his skin as his hand scrambled desperately to cling onto something. He found Dean's shoulder and clutched it as the other fisted the sheets.
Dean took off his own jeans as well, pausing for a moment before he got into the bed. "That's probably the most inviting my bed's ever looked." He said with a smile- Cas smiling with the blankets folded back, waiting to stroke his hair until he fell asleep. He crawled happily into bed beside him, laying with his head against Cas's chest.
"G'night Cas." Dean murmured, already half asleep. He wrapped his arm around Cas, and knowing that he would still be there in the morning lulled him fully to sleep.
Castiel gasped, moaning loudly into the kiss. He buried his hand into Dean's hair and pulling at the ends. He was more than happy to keep the close contact. They were just in the open in the bathroom, not caring about anyone else as they kissed each other deeply, taking in all the touching they were deprived from all night.
Castiel found it almost difficult to work with Dean there but it was so much easier. He should have fired Dean for flirting with him so shamelessly but he couldn’t help but want to see those green eyes glinting mischievously at him.
Castiel smiled a little, he squeezed Dean's fingers gently. "Yes it has. You've made school a better place for me even though there are still troubles. I have some things to look forward to. Friends. It's all very new to me and I find them more enjoyable learning them through you." he peeked open his eyes to look at Dean, "So thank you." he smiled.
"Oh, sorry, okay. Long story short, Charlie found a way around it. Basically, it's gonna work." Dean told him excitedly, trying to be quick so that he would get Cas in trouble.
Dean rolled his eyes at being called cute before responding. "I dunno. I mean, I like him a lot, definitely, but I don't really have anything to compare it to." He shrugged. It felt like they'd known each other for months maybe even years, not weeks.
"That's what you get for making bets on our sex life." Dean told Gabriel with a smirk before turning to Kevin. "Dude, that's awesome. So we're ready to send them?" He asked, more than ready to get Raphael out of there.
Castiel glanced over at Dean, seeing him chewing a little. "Are the apples okay?" he asked in amusement. He turned off the stove and moved aside from Dean to pour the pasta into the colander. He rinsed them in cool water and left them there. He started another pot to cook the cheese to put over the pasta, looking back at Dean. "Since you're done cutting the apples, please put them into a bowl and add the ingredients I have measured out on the table into the bowl with them and mix them up. After you're done, please put the bowl into the fridge." he said.
Castiel felt a stir of arousal for being dressed like this. He swallowed a little and kiss Dean back. He held the two things in his hand and rested his other hand on Dean's chest and lightly scrunch the shirt as he held it.
Dean smiled at Cas, about to reply before suddenly having an idea. He braked slightly and slid behind him, turning a little before tightening his hold on Cas's hand. He pulled him back, keeping the angle so that Cas turned spun around as Dean pulled him in, ending up against Dean's chest and his arm around Cas. "I'll always catch you if you fall." Dean replied softly before breaking into a triumphant grin at how successfully romantic he'd been.
Castiel smiled at Dean, "I made shrimp stir fry. I also brought apples for us. The ones I made you before." he said. He scooted closer to Dean, wanting to be close.
Dean smiled and watched Cas as he made everything, glancing up when he spoke. "Yeah, sure." He replied, reaching up into a cabinet and pulling some out. He grabbed forks and knives as well, laying them out on the counter as Cas finished up.
"I'm glad it does, I hope my cooking would have that effect. I'm actually almost done but we don't have to eat until later." Castiel told them. "I can just finish cooking and you guys can just pick up food whenever you want. There's chips on the table and I can make a dip for you guys. There's also some candy." he added.
Dean looked surprised, he didn't know Kevin brought her along. He looked down where Kevin was, anxious to see what she looks like.
"It's because you're using your specialty." Castiel laughed a little, kissing Dean. "I think it's very endearing." He added, squeezing Dean a little.
Dean smiled as Cas hid his face in the cats, chuckling slightly. "That's nice. Plus now you have something to remind you of me if we ever actually do something separately." He said, carding his hand through Cas's hair affectionately a few times. "Not that I see that really happening." He added with a laugh.
"I think they're cute. It's like a fairy tale and I'm going to always pretend it is so don't ruin it for me." Charlie told them.
"I will, I will. While you sit in my lap, right?" Dean added. "So dinner, pie, feed you ice cream. I'm more than happy with all of that." He said with a chuckle, kissing Cas again.
Castiel twisted his hand slightly to catch Dean's pinkie and hooked them together and brought their hands up and turned Dean's hands slightly and kissed his hand. "I will always love you too. I promise." He replied. He looked up at Dean again before leaning up and kissing him.
Dean thought for a moment and shrugged a shoulder. "I dunno, I'm pretty comfortable. I hadn't really thought of going anywhere, but I wouldn't mind if you wanted to. I really don't care as long as you don't either." He responded, feeling drowsy but not exhausted.
Castiel nodded, climbing near Dean and resting on his hand. He nuzzled against his finger and rubbed his head against him. Dean rubbed his finger on his back, hearing him purr. "Cas...that's a good name. I like that." he smiled. "I'm Dean." he told him.
Castiel slowly exhaled, rubbing a thumb over Dean's hand to calm himself as he started again. It was hard for him to talk but for once...he wanted to talk about it. "I enrolled into school...and it was the worst decision I ever made... but I had to persevere. I had to stick it through. It gave me and escape for six hours a day, a way out. Michael couldn't just pull me away from school, he had far more important things than deal with paperwork of pulling me out…" he tightened his hand slightly in Dean's. "I was bullied right from the start. I didn't start school at the same time everyone else did and it drew more attention to me. I was quiet, I knew everything they were teaching, I didn't really express myself and I had a hard time talking to people. I was a freak. In the beginning they would just call me names, freak, weird, different, anything they could think of. Then it started to escalate as they grew older. They...they started pushing me, writing on my desk, ripping my notebooks. They would find my locker and write all over it and everyone knew and no one helped me or tried to stop it. The teacher didn't care and the other students would join in." he shook his head again. "I used to be a bit smaller so I couldn't really do much. At some point...I got locked in a locker and the janitor found me at 6 at night... I don't know how no one found me...but I stopped going to my locker." he said quietly, knowing that Dean would know why at the beginning of the year he said he didn't go to his locker. "No one would sit next to me in lunch, I sat alone and I was the center of all stares. People used to throw things at me and I would have to change my clothes because they would have gotten dirty... I stopped coming to lunch. I just sat in a classroom and stared out the window. I didn't eat for a while, everything was like it didn't matter. No one really knew I wasn't eating, but I started forcing myself to eat because if I stopped eating I wouldn't be able to withstand the bullying and defend myself…"
Castiel smiled into Dean's hair, still petting his hair. He started to sing softly, figuring Dean was going to falling asleep pretty soon so he wouldn't notice so much. He started singing Carry on my Wayward song softly, lightly brushing Dean's hair. It was really quiet so there was nothing really interrupting him.
Dean huffed a small laugh, "That's true. Well thanks for coming over, it looks like all Cas needed was another friend." he said.
Dean slowly began breathing more evenly, glancing over at Cas as he came up next to him. He licked his lips after Cad mentioned them, smiling slightly. "Well, it kept me quiet and I hardly felt it at the time." He said with a chuckle. He'd definitely been more distracted with other things to notice how much he'd been biting them.
Castiel squeezed Dean and kissed his cheek. Everyone laughed a bit when everyone was squishing each other and making comments before they let go. "Okay so drinks and games anyone?" Gabriel offered.
"Mmm...a bubble bath sounds nice..." Castiel murmured. He snuggled in closer to Dean, and moving one of his arms to wrap around himself. He put his hand over Dean's and rested the other on his lap. He felt good. He kissed Dean again before resting against him again, "Moving sounds so unappealing.." he commented.
Kevin ordered for them as Dean asked his question. Castiel shook his head, "I don't want to accidentally have an attack if I choose to indulge in ice cream." He replied. He glanced at the ice cream, feeling a little sick but he kept his mind clear. He felt okay but he didn't want to risk anything.
Charlie grinned, "Oh yeah! No waiting! Dude thank god. Must be some type of bonus today." he said before pulling Kevin along.
Dean frowned suspiciously at the kid behind Cas as the line continued. He wanted to switch spots with Cas to separate them, but the other guys wasn't actually doing anything yet. Before he could decide on whether to do something or not, it was his turn. He threw the ball to the person in front of him and glanced one more time at Cas before jogging out to catch.
Castiel slid off the bed, slowly getting up. He felt happy that he didn't feel any of the pains. He wandered out and went to get them water and came back with two water bottles. "I deserve a reward for walking downstairs." He said jokingly. He handed one to Dean before settling back in the bed and sipping on the water bottle.
Castiel nodded, not exactly looking up at Dean yet. Sam sighed and went back upstairs. He would have to talk to Cas about things later. Castiel just held onto Dean's hand even though he should have let go. Dean waited until Sam had left before turning to fully face Cas, his free hand tucking under his chin and pulling his face up gently. "I know you wanted more time, I want you to stay longer too, but at least we've got some time now, right?" He said, thinking that Cas must be upset that he'd only get to stay until the end of the break.
Bobby followed Sam up and Dean smiled at Cas. "I loved that pie, so I'm glad you're glad I liked it." He responded with a chuckle before sobering up slightly. "So you brought food up to my dad, huh? That was really nice of you." He said sincerely.
Dean tightened his arm around Cas, helping him to be closer. For a few moments he had completely forgotten that they were in the kitchen, but suddenly it occurred to him that no one would particularly want to walk in on them in their own, love-filled world. He broke off of their kiss, keeping his face close. "Want to go upstairs?" He suggested softly, tracing his thumb across Cas's knuckles.
Dean kissed the soft part of his ear and nibbling behind it. "Don't look away Cas...look at how arousing you are..moaning for me. Don't hide them." he whispered.
Castiel let out a soft pleasing sound, curling himself up a bit more. He blinked awake a little, seeing Dean first. He smiled drowsily at him, catching Dean's wrist and pulling his hand close to his face. He snuggled into Dean's hand, breathing softly. He fell asleep again, loosely holding Dean's hand by his face.
Castiel rubbed his eyes a little, looking at Dean drowsily. He smiled a little at him, "Do I get an amazing bowl of cereal?" He asked softly, he didn't know if he'd be able to hold it down but he wanted to try again.
The guy took a step back, "Whoa, no need to get pissy. It's not even your problem." he said. He chuckled, "Unless you have feelings for that fairy, is he your boyfriend?" the guy teased.
Dean bristled and clenched his hands, doing his best to ignore them. He glanced at Benny, helping himself up and sighed. "I noticed. But I can't run away from this, it feels like giving up. I can't stand to let these people win, especially if there's a chance they'll harass Cas when he comes back." He replied.
"You're amazing." Dean murmured after a few moments, turning his head slightly to kiss Cas's cheek. I don't know about Lauren, but I definitely enjoy your singing." He added with a smile, letting out a slow, peaceful breath. "I love you." He said quietly after a pause.
"I did everything he asked, everything like he wanted, everything to perfection like he always ordered me to...He started trusting me that I was a good worker, that I would stay and he would lay off the work a bit. He told me all the good things that would happened if I stayed, he told me how good I was. How cruel the world is…." Castiel rubbed his arm slightly, looking at Dean every now and again. "And once he was relaxed enough, I left. I didn't have anything but some spare change and the clothes I'm wearing. I hitched hiked here. I took buses, I walked, I sat on the back of someone's bike..." he explained.
Castiel hummed, looking around again. "No. I think that's all I want." He smiled. The cashier rang up everything for them.
Castiel held it in his hands, feel a wash of relief. He still had all the text message Dean sent him and most importantly his screensaver. He quickly turned it on and showed Dean his background. It was of him with his eyes wide and happy, staring at the pie. "I have more but I really liked this one. You look so happy." Castiel laughed.
So when a knock sounded on his door as the Bunker lay unusually quiet, he thought it would be the same old song and dance of wanting to connect while pushing away.
“Okay, so I’ve had some threesomes with some frisky couples,” Dean admitted. His other hand reached up to the nape of Cas’s neck and began lightly scratching, needing something to do. “And there might’ve been a couple of really drunk glory holes, but I’ve never actually
“It was us. Just like this. Only… only you were helping me keep warm by, uh, by…” Dean trailed off, his throat tightening. No matter how badly he wanted Cas, how long he’d waited to finally get to make his fantasies a reality, he couldn’t bring himself to say that he wanted to have sex with Cas.
“Come in,” Castiel responded in a neutral tone. He arched a brow as Dean entered, totally clothed and shutting the door behind him looking very annoyed.
“Your concussion is worse than I thought. Healing one this bad should, ideally, be done slowly over time.” Castiel glanced nervously at Dean and the hunter knew immediately what was going through his mind: he was worried about the sheriff too.
“I love you,” Cas smiled affectionately up at Dean, tears in his eyes. It wasn’t like last time, though. There wasn’t an urgency. Neither’s head was on the chopping block. There were no deals, nothing was coming to get them and take them away from each other. And Dean was ready this time.
“Sorry, but I couldn’t breathe anymore down there,” Dean panted, his cheeks flushed and his lips slick and swollen. All Castiel could do was groan and pull Dean close so they were laying on their sides flushed against one another, crushing their lips together so hard the teeth clacked. Dean’s mouth was better than he thought it would be and he’d been so close when the hunter came up for air. He needed more. He needed completion. He needed
“…Halloween?” Dean asked dumbly. He could feel his mind struggling with the concept. He’d felt frozen in time for so long that the idea of a specific date felt completely foreign to him. And yet… something about hearing what day it was made something click in his brain. He could feel the rusted out cogs in his brain try to move, to try and make him aware of his surroundings again.
Dean groaned and moved suddenly, rolling over and reaching into his bedside table. Castiel smirked hungrily as Dean produced a bottle of lube and Dean’s favorite plug from his nightstand’s drawer. Very carefully, the angel undid his belt and fly as Dean generously lubed his fingers, the angel’s mouth hanging open in a silent “oh” when his fingers wrapped around his own aching need. Dean’s mouth mimicked his own as he eased two fingers into himself, a cry escaping his throat.
He found the box quickly. Just as he shuffled it into his arms, he heard Miracle bark and almost dropped it. That dog
Dean frowned and sat up enough to see the window. Sure enough, the sun was dawning bright pink over a crystalline snowy forest.
“Oh god, same,” Dean groaned. He could feel Cas’s cock hardening against him and it made his mouth water. He might not have ever sucked a dick before, but that didn’t mean it wasn’t one of his favorite fantasies.
“Your body temperature has dropped to 97 degrees Fahrenheit,” Castiel replied with a steady voice in spite of the whirlwind of tense emotions ripping through his core. “I need to warm you up. This way will be much faster than lying back to back as you suggested.”
“You don’t have to do that,” Dean replied on autopilot. He winced and started screaming at himself in his head, but the words just spilled from his mouth. “I’m fine.”
At some point people started trying to come in and talk to him. He knew better than to lock the door. Locked doors made people worried and he didn’t need anyone worrying about him and trying to take away his carelessness as a result. He couldn’t ever say what the conversations were about, what the other person said filtering through his mind as whomp-whomps like he was a kid from the Peanuts and the other people were adults. Sometimes the words were soothing and coddling, other times they were impatient and firm. Mostly, though, they just felt like noise. He would respond at the appropriate times, saying anything to get the person to go away and leave him to his confined freedom. He would arrange his features to make reassuring expressions and make it seem like he really was fine and just needed a little more time without feeling what he was saying. He couldn’t really feel anything anymore.
Dean hadn’t realized how stiff his joints were from sitting in the car until he tried to get out, swearing quietly as he put weight on his sprained ankle and almost toppling over. Immediately there was a steadying hand on his shoulder. He looked up and saw Cas giving him the same worried expression. His heart stopped at the proximity and ached at the angel’s worried features.
Dean gawked at Cas silently for a long few moments, his mind completely frozen. Cas thought he was hot. And had said it out loud. To Dean’s face. On purpose. It wasn’t some drunken confession or Freudian slip. Cas actually told him outright that he was attracted to him.
Dean shivered as another gust of wind rattled the panes, just the thought of Cas going outside even for a second making him cold. Or maybe it was just the thought of being without Cas that made him cold.
Dean felt his tongue dart out between his lips and heard his throat make a clicking noise when he swallowed, but he never took his eyes off of Cas. He wanted to lean forward and brush the drop away from the angel’s chin with his thumb. He wanted to know what it would be like to cup Cas’s face in his hands when one of them wasn’t beat to hell or in the thick of battle. He wanted to know what that permanent stubble felt like against the palm of his hand, or against his own 5 o’clock shadow, or how it would feel against the soft of his lips. He wondered if Cas would need some coaxing or if he’d just go for it. Was Cas a shy and tender kisser or would he pounce like Dean was his last meal? Dean felt his hand rise and his body start to lean forward…
Castiel frowned in uncertainty, his eyes searching Dean’s. He certainly seemed sincere, but there had been times before where Castiel had tried to test the waters and the hunter responded with sarcasm or a joke, road blocking his attempts. The two of them being as close as they were now, however, bolstered the angel’s confidence just enough to try again.
what I was talking about,” Dean exclaimed, his eyebrows lifting. “Really rather work up to that. I was just talking about jerking each other off.”
Dean blinked for a moment, trying to process the words and everything that just happened to him. He lifted his hand and flexed it in front of him, testing it out to make sure that it really worked.
The angel watched rapt as Dean’s wandering hand moved lower, skirting around his now flushed head and gently scratching up and down the inside of his thighs. Dean removed his fingers from his mouth with a small wet popping noise and nudged the thong aside with a slick finger, circling and prodding at his hole.
Dean winced as the last dregs of the Bacardi 151 sloshed down his throat and into his stomach. Normally when he needed to drink himself into a forgetful sleep he just went for some good ol’ reliable Jack Daniels. But tonight, with Jack bringing Cas back to life as a surprise Christmas present? Tonight the bat was his best friend.
He couldn’t see for his vision whiting out from pain, but he could definitely hear the sickening crunching sounds and feel the fragments of his hand shift nightmarishly beneath the swollen surface of his skin. What’s more he could taste blood again and it took him a moment to figure out that he had faceplanted and his nose had resumed bleeding. Dean groaned in pain and rolled over onto his back, leaving his head lulled slightly to the side so the blood in his nose didn’t run down the back of his throat. He felt pathetic and useless.
Dean swallowed and let out a shuddery sob. He couldn’t say who moved first, but the next thing he knew, he and Cas were wrapped around each other.
” Sometimes Castiel would hold the other man down and lick around him until the hunter was a babbling mess, trying to rut against the sheets for any kind of friction against his dripping cock.
After taking a moment to collect himself, Dean looked at the clock on the bedside table while casually slipping his boxers back on. To his surprise only 15 minutes had passed since he broke open the magazine. Still breathing heavily and, and avoiding looking at his first gay experience, Dean awkwardly tried to end this whole thing before he was asked to return any favors.
“If that’s what you think would be best, alright,” Castiel answered cautiously, unbuckling his belt.
“You should probably know,” Dean breathed out, his hands threading through Cas’s hair. “I haven’t exactly… I’ve never…”
Dean opened his eyes and looked over to the other bed where he saw Castiel sitting, watching him intently.
“God damn, I am never gonna get used to that,” Dean remarked in amazement. He really should be used to it by now considering how many times Cas has patched him up and cleaned up his messes. But even after all this time, the gentle power still amazed him and left him stumbling for words. “Thanks Cas.”
“Huh? Yeah. Yeah, I’m… The wind woke me up ‘s all. What time is it?” Dean shifted, grateful that his hips weren’t touching Cas’s. Having a sex dream about Cas was one thing – god knows he’d had plenty before – but waking up next to Cas right after the sex dream was almost too much.
The hand on Dean’s shoulder pulled him forward and Dean just let go. He reached out and gripped the lapels of a trench coat that by all means should have been rags by now. He pushed a knee between Cas’s and hooked his ankle over his, tangling their legs together. He nudged Cas’s jaw with his forehead and pushed his nose into the crook of the angel’s neck, his nostrils filling with a mixture of petrichor, sun-dried linens, and strong alcohol. He felt the hand on his shoulder leave only to be replaced with an arm draping across his waist. Castiel’s other hand cupped around the back of Dean’s head, nimble but powerful fingers carding through his hair. The angel’s nose nuzzled into his hair and Dean could feel his lips curve into a smile. Dean felt himself suddenly become boneless, not having realized how tense he had been. He felt Cas’s muscles relax and they melted into one another.
“I mean, we could do it now if you want,” Dean smirked, the blush on the back of his neck slowly creeping up to his ears.
“We eliminated the ghoul nest roughly 40 minutes ago,” Cas responded calmly, cutting the engine and turning towards Sam. “You’ve suffered a moderate concussion. It’s why you don’t remember taking the nest out or getting sick. Twice. Hold still. I need to have a clear look at you.”
“I do. I just can’t really remember when that was,” Dean replied slowly, a sense of shame coming over him. How could he not remember when they brought him home?
Not long after that he’d start finding things on his bed after coming back from foraging or showering. A copy of On the Road he had lent Cas years ago. A tape of Zeppelin IV. A list in Sam’s handwriting of shows to watch on Netflix. A DVD box set of the original Star Wars trilogy. Things Dean normally would have enjoyed but couldn’t anymore. He’d put the gifts on his desk and watched them pile up over time with a detached amusement. It was like his personality and identity was slowly filtering out of him and into the pile of well-intentioned junk on his desk. The only thing missing from it was Baby.
“Well, uh… if you wanna show me what you wanted to do while watching me,” Dean said invitingly as he reached forward, hooking his fingers in the angel’s belt loops and pulling him into his personal space. “I still got the plug in.”
Jack decided to saddle Cas with another expiration date, even though Dean wanted to. He still wanted to know. He couldn’t stop thinking about watching Cas die. It was all he thought about through dinner, dessert, and egg nog. It was still all he could think about. He was going to have to watch Cas die
And then Cas brought the jug away from his lips with a soft pop, wiping his permanently chapped lips on the sleeve of his coat. Dean went to slump back against the headboard again only to find that he hadn’t even moved in the first place. He blinked and started laughing.
After what seemed like an eternity of Dean pumping himself in slow loose strokes, he reached back and turned the plug on. The hum of its vibration filled the room, its pulses making Dean jump and groan as he bit into the blanket beneath him. Castiel watched hungrily as Dean’s hand slowly stopped moving, his hips instead doing the work as he rocked back and forth trying to press against both the plug and into his own hand. From the look on Dean’s face he was getting close again and Castiel was certain the hunter wouldn’t deny himself a second time. Castiel’s strokes grew faster, his thumb swirling over his leaking tip when it reached the top. He was close, definitely as close as Dean was and it wouldn’t be much longer before they were both coming hard. He wasn’t sure if he would be able to keep quiet during his climax, not when Dean was putting on such a gorgeously wanton display in front of him and swearing into the sheets.
“I shouldn’t have put that weight on you,” Cas babbled, his voice cracking with emotion every now and then. “You had enough on your plate. You didn’t need to be burdened with my emotions as well as your own. But I couldn’t think of any other way to save you. Ensuring you lived was the only thing that mattered. It’s the only thing that’s
“If you’re saying what I think you’re saying, I am so on board,” Dean said as he rolled them over, Castiel now beneath him. He shot the angel a nervous smile before diving under the covers, pulling Castiel’s boxers off on his way down. His heart leapt into his throat when he saw Cas’s flushed, thick member resting flat against his stomach. He’d seen some nice dicks (thank you porn), but this was something else. It skewed slightly to the left, had an angular but plump and well-defined head, and even though Cas was rocking at full mast, Dean could tell he was completely uncut. A vein pulsed on the underside and that drew Dean’s focus. Trying to keep his hand from shaking, he reached out and ran his index finger down the vein, encouraged when Cas bucked his hips up in approval. Dean licked his lips and briefly ran his tongue over it, all the way up through the slit in Cas’s head. There was a hand immediately in Dean’s hair and that was all the encouragement he needed. He took Cas’s shaft in hand and started lavishing his cock in wet, messy kisses. It didn’t take long before Castiel was trying to direct Dean’s mouth onto his cock and Dean shivered at the way Cas tugged his hair and silently asked him for more. He took a deep breath in before slipping the tip past his lips. He pulled back and then went down further before pulling back again, repeating the pattern while keeping a steady grip on the base of the shaft until he knew he couldn’t go down any further without gagging. He kept going, relishing in the whines and coos he milked from the angel, loving the way he would tug at his hair when Dean went up as if to tell him “you’re not done.” He loved how heavy Cas’s cock felt in his mouth and how musky his precum tasted. After a few minutes, though, Dean started feeling light headed. It was hot and stuffy under the blankets and there was no way he could keep going like this. He came off of Cas’s dick with a pop, lapping at a bead of precum with his tongue before coming back up.
Dean sat there for a few moments, attempting to process this information. His brain scrambled, trying to contextualize the information, trying to feed him memories of the last thing he could remember before everything went grey and flat.
Sleep came surprisingly easy for Dean. He didn’t have his usual nightmares or flashbacks to bloody and horrible moments. He dreamed instead of strong arms, a firm grip, and hot lips doing their damndest to warm up his cold, goosebump-covered skin. Of a voice that pulsed through him like low thunder, a crooked smile that lit up his heart, dark messy hair curled into his fist, and a pair of eyes so blue they put the sky to shame.
“What, is my juice suddenly magical or something?” Dean asked, trying to ignore the painful throbbing of his still erect cock. “Since when does God care about whether I put my stuff in a tissue or in a girl or where ever? Pretty sure he hasn’t cared before.”
“I don’t know about you, but I could definitely use a drink,” Dean commented as he took a step forward to the trunk. Booze would help him take his mind off of things. It usually did. He felt his pockets for his keys before turning to Cas and frowning, holding his hand out.
Castiel was about to respond when there was a pounding at the door. They both sat up, Dean paling when he heard Sam’s panicked voice from the other side.
Dean froze where he was, his eyes snapping up to see Cas shrugging off his jacket and blazer. Shit. Was Cas really going to get in bed with him so just so he could stay warm? Did he expect Dean to get naked while they were huddling for warmth? His heart stopped and leapt into his throat, his tongue darting out to wet his lips nervously as he watched the angel’s hands swiftly and delicately remove his tie.
Dean frowned at the door when he heard the lock tumble. How dare Sam interrupt his emotional breakdown. Only when the door opened, it wasn’t Sam.
So he stayed in his room. It was weird at first. He felt like he should have been up and doing something. Cleaning the Bunker, or tuning up Baby, or trolling for a hunt. But the Bunker didn’t need cleaning thanks to the new team effort. Sam had taken care of Baby just fine and nothing was wrong with her. And there weren’t any extra hunts that he could solo. He had to keep reminding himself that there was nothing he could do. Weirdness turned to freedom. Freedom from prying eyes, scornful expressions, and whispers that followed him wherever he went. Freedom from having to constantly worry about taking care of the people he cared about. He could just be him and no one would care if he listened to the same song 50 times in a row, or if he didn’t change his clothes for a few days, or if he stayed up or went to sleep. No one cared, least of all him.
“I’m gonna go try and unearth some more Christmas ornaments,” Dean said casually before walking out, “accidentally” forgetting his water bottle on the kitchen counter. “Try not to start any fires, kiddo.”
Dean shifted, tearing his eyes away from Cas’s scrutinizing and questioning gaze, glad that his face was already flushed from the cold.
“I was an idiot,” Dean’s voice felt rough against his own throat as he closed his eyes and brought a hand up to cup the back of Castiel’s neck.
And then, there were arms around him, trying desperately to hold him together. The world crashed in on him like a wave and everything he hadn’t felt over the past three months came flooding into him at once. Cas was his only means of staying afloat in this maelstrom of emotions and Dean clung to him. He clung to him and let go.
“Guess that depends on your definition,” the words left Dean’s lips before his brain could censor them.
“Thanks, but I’m probably gonna have to,” he said, standing and stretching. He would not think about how he felt about Cas with Cas right there. He wouldn’t do it. He couldn’t let himself do it.
Castiel eyed Dean warily before sitting next to him on the cement. He looked at Dean sadly, almost guiltily, Dean thought, before reaching forward and touching his forehead. The hunter immediately felt his bones realign and piece themselves together. The massive pressure in his hand and ankle from the swelling dissipated and he felt his nose dry up like a river flowing in reverse.
He watched as Cas drank and drank for the longest time. He watched the angel gradually tip the jug and his head back further and further, leaning his head from side to side a few times just to make sure he hadn’t crooked his neck like Cas does when he doesn’t understand a joke. Dean started to wonder if the shine was messing with his vision more than usual when he saw Cas’s cheeks start to turn red. The next moment a large drop of liquid escaped through an opening at the corner of the angel’s mouth and Dean felt his jaw go slack. God
“Fuck, Cas! So good! Wanted this for so long! Not even done and I can’t wait to do this again,” Dean babbled, their mouths still pressed together. “Can’t wait to suck your thick cock til you cum down my throat. God, Jesus! Can’t wait to shove my cock down your throat. Gonna fuck your face so hard you won’t be able to talk for a week. And
Dean was on his back, his legs splayed as far as his bed would allow. He was stripped down to just a white lacey thong, the head of his cock peeking up over the hem, his hardening member straining the delicate fabric. One hand ran over his blush dusted chest, occasionally pausing to tweak a nipple or drag a finger over an old but sensitive scar. The other was raised to his mouth, Dean hungrily suckling two fingers while making obscene coos and slurping noises.
“I don’t think we can. We’ll just have to wait until she either comes back or is dealt with,” the angel muttered, his eyes narrowing with worry and regret. He should have known there would have been a trap like this waiting for them. He was sure the nymph would go after Sam and Jack now. Even though he couldn’t fly anymore, he could still chase after the nymph on foot in order to go aid the two, but Dean would likely freeze to death at this rate if he left. Castiel looked at Dean’s shivering form up and down, white puffs of cloudy breath seeping from his full lips. He pushed his worry for his son and Sam aside and turned his focus to Dean, reaching forward and pulling him by the arm towards the bed.
There were times when he’d pass the garage on his rare outings. Sometimes he’d just stand in the doorway and stare at her for a few moments, aching for the days when he could care about her before moving back to his room. On rare occasions when he got tired of being in his bed and his back complained about being on the floor, he’d slide into the back seat of the Impala. He’d lay there with his hand running over the leather as he stared at the back of the front seat or the carpeted floor or the smooth tan ceiling, the scents the car had collected over the years folding over him. They brought back memories of when he’d almost fallen down similar holes. But those times he’d always had something to keep him hanging onto the edge, even if it was just with the tips of his fingernails. Rarely, he thought about starting her up, laying back down, and letting her take his hollow shell. He’d never do it. Outside of suicide not being the Winchester way, the garage was too big and someone would definitely hear the car running. But sometimes it was reassuring thinking that if he wanted to, he could.
Then, to Cas’s surprise, Dean bucked his hips forward into his own aching erection and wrapped his hand around both of them. Castiel followed suit, wrapping his hand around what Dean’s couldn’t reach, their fingers brushing against each other’s palms.
“But I’m not,” Cas stated, confusion obvious in his voice. Dean chanced a glance and saw him frowning, his head tilted to the side and his glassy eyes squinting in puzzlement. It was a small comfort to know some things didn’t change about him, angel or not. “Why would my being human bother you so?”
“Alright, if you’re not gonna do this whole voyeurism thing, fucking tell me,” Dean growled. “I don’t want to keep going at this solo when you’re right fucking here and ready to go.”
Dean closed the small space between them and pressed his lips against Castiel’s, cutting off his stammering. The feeling hooked into his heart squeezed tighter and Dean needed more of it. It was the first good thing he’d felt in months and he needed more of it. There was another tug when he felt Cas return his kiss and melt into it. They sat there for a few long moments, Dean scared to move for fear of the feeling ending or the world crashing back in on him. It was Cas who moved first, his other hand coming to rest on Dean’s shoulder.
“Is that what you like? Innocence? Because I’m afraid you’ll have to get it somewhere else,” Castiel hissed and ground his hips down as Dean bit into his chest. It pinched and stung, but it felt so
Dean slowly realized he didn’t care about anything anymore, no matter how much he wanted or tried to force himself to. All of his music sounded like static. He would watch hours of TV or movies on his laptop without taking anything in because it didn’t matter. His memory foam mattress seemed to have a permanent imprint of him curled up on his side. When laying in his own shape got annoying he would move to the floor – a decidedly less comfortable spot, but where else was he going to lay down while his silhouette faded from the mattress? Sitting up for any period of time just wasn’t an option anymore. It was so much more comfortable to lay on the floor than sit at his desk chair. He’d just end up slumped over with his head on the desk anyway, so may as well cut out the middle man.
It didn’t take long before Dean’s free hand descended to rub himself through the delicate lace and Castiel found his hand mimicking Dean’s, groping his heavy erection through his pants. Dean looked so good with on hand fondling his balls and the base of his shaft while his other fingers made broad laps through his crack, Castiel found it difficult not to blow his cover and go join him. But Dean not knowing whether or not Cas was watching was exactly what the angel wanted and he was not about to spoil such a magnificent show put on just for him.
put them in the front of the dungeon last year,” Sam’s voice came bouncing down the hallway. Dean could practically hear the eye roll.
A feeling of horror rushed through Dean as he realized what his brother was implying. “Sammy, don’t you fucking dare!”
“Fuck,” Dean breathed out, his body becoming pliant goo under Cas’s tone and manhandling. “You’ve got a real rough thing going on here and it’s fucking hot.” Dean pursed his lips as Cas narrowed his eyes at him, folding. “I don’t think it was one thing if it was anything at all. Might’ve been the way I thought I was gonna show you a good time but you ended up doing me the favor. Don’t know. But I wanted to fuck you in the back seat of Baby after we left.
Castiel ignored the first three of Dean’s “booty prayers,” as he called them. Responding to the first call seemed too obvious, as did the second. Not heeding Dean’s third call was to help him truly acclimate. He wanted Dean to get used to the thought that he might be being watched during his most intimate moments. He didn’t want to run the risk of the hunter holding back just because he thought he might be being watched. He needed Dean to be as comfortable with the thought of being looked at without truly knowing about it as much as possible.
“Nothing,” Dean chuckled, his brain scrambling for an out. “I just don’t think I’ve ever seen you drink so much.”
A rushing sound filled Dean’s ears. A hole tore itself open in the core of his chest. A vice tightened itself around his throat and a cold nausea coiled its way around his stomach. Then, his default function mode took over. He swallowed, squared his shoulders back, and forced the grin back onto his face. If he just acted like everything was fine, it would be.
Dean closed his eyes and let out a low groan as Cas rubbed him through his boxer briefs. He suddenly wished he’d stripped completely instead of being shy about sleeping naked with the angel.
Dean didn’t know if that was true or not, but he didn’t bother arguing. Cas’s arm wrapped around him felt nice. It felt right. He felt safe.
“You’ve got to be fucking kidding me!” Dean snarled, peering out the window at the white out. This was supposed to have been a simple case. Small rural town, lots of slaughtered goats and sheep put up on display around the town Christmas tree. Obviously an open and shut case of demons being terroristic douchebags right? But no. Nothing was ever that simple in his life.
Dean swore and muttered to himself as he rummaged through one of the Bunker’s numerous storerooms, frustrated beyond anything that he couldn’t find what he was looking for. Their first real Christmas since saving the universe and he couldn’t find the stupid tree ornaments.
“Stop talkin about yourself like that,” Dean hissed out, a hand moving to cradle the back of Castiel’s head. “Give yourself a fucking break every once in a while. Jesus.”
“I’ve seen you drink enough to know that you don’t flush when you’re drunk Dean,” Cas stated simply, gently calling the hunter out on his bluff.
“So, uh… thanks. And I would appreciate it if you never mentioned this again, okay?” Dean turned to glance between his legs and was greeted with empty space. He sat there for a moment, taking in everything that just happened. Quickly shoving it all to the back of his mind, he got up and put his “tools” away, putting his pants back on before flopping back onto the bed. He picked up the remote and switched the TV on, grimacing as an old repeat of “Touched by an Angel” flickered to life on the screen. Dean hit the off button, sighing and covering his face with his hands, able to smell a mix of the lotion and Castiel’s hair on them.
Dean dared to lock eyes with his friend again and was struck by just how open Cas looked. How content and vulnerable he was. Dean’s first instinct was, as it had always been, to pull away from that emotional vulnerability. From the chance of making himself vulnerable to another person only to have them ripped away from him either through death or them walking out on him. But he didn’t do that this time. He held Cas’s gaze. He tried to return the nameless look Cas gave him all those times, tried to match the warmth behind those shimmering, unspeakably blue eyes. But he felt so warm and comfortable and his eyelids felt so heavy that he wasn’t sure if he could.
The best dream he’d had in a long time was interrupted when a particularly violent rush of wind pummeled the tiny lodge, rattling the windows so hard Dean thought in a half-awake stupor they were going to break. The first thing he focused on when his eyes flew open were Cas’s insanely blue irises holding a look of unguarded sincerity, a small smile on the angel’s usually stoic lips. The look vanished as soon as Dean saw it, replaced with a worried frown.
Sam thought for a moment and then looked around, confusion growing on his face. “Why are we at the motel?”
Before Dean got done processing the information, his body moved on its own and he found himself cupping the angel’s face, his lips pressing against Cas’s hungrily. His lips were as rough and dry as they looked, but there was an underlying softness to them and they tasted like clean fresh spring water. He felt Cas open his mouth briefly in a surprised “oh!” before returning the affection, his arm wrapping around Dean’s waist and pulling their hips flush to one another.
“I was asking for an actual time frame, Dean,” Castiel half rolled his eyes and half chuckled before letting out another throaty groan as Dean moved his hand to his other nipple and dipped his head to bring his lips to his neck.
Castiel remained where he was for a few more brief moments before leaning back and taking his hands off of Sam’s face. Dean felt the vice on his throat loosen.
Dean swallowed, his stomach flipping with nervous excitement at the thought of what was about to happen.
Castiel watched with his lip tucked between his teeth as Dean slowly opened himself, whining and squirming over his sheets, his hand rubbing against the coarse fabric in earnest. Dean’s hips bucked up suddenly and Cas knew Dean had brushed against his sensitive prostate. Watching Dean undo himself was something he’d always wanted to see, something Castiel had fantasized about for years, and the reality was so much better than anything he had ever imagined. What he hadn’t realized was how frustrating it would be to stay silent and invisible, to not touch Dean and tell him how unspeakably beautiful he was in the throes of passion. Castiel felt as though he always had a great deal of self-control, but he could feel that control reaching its limit now watching Dean as he fucked his slicked fingers in and out of his pliant and willing ass, his moans turning into gasped words of pleasure.
“Rumaki!” Beth chirped, her black curls bouncing as she turned to look at him. She was her usual bright and bubbly self, and it was beyond Dean how someone who lost their entire family could act so chipper all the time.
“Fuck, so good!” Dean sighed, his hips bucking up again, precum beading out of his head and leaking onto his stomach. Castiel wanted so badly to stroke himself, to feel some of the same heat that Dean got to feel. But he didn’t dare move his hand. He wanted to come the same time Dean did, or as close to it as possible. There was no way he could do that if he started now. So he stood there, his cock twitching in his hand, silently begging for any friction.
A knock sounded at his door not 5 minutes later as Castiel rebuckled his belt in a fresh pair of boxers and pants, the ones soaked in his semen lying discarded in the corner due to the absence of a laundry hamper in his room.
“I have time,” Cas spoke softly. Dean felt the angel’s weight shift on the bed again and heard the same stiff rustling from before. “I also have candy and a movie if you’d like to spend Halloween together.”
“I feel like I should, though,” Castiel sighed, reaching forward and taking the bottle from Dean’s hands. He heard the slosh of liquid and, for a second, was glad he finally had a drinking buddy. “You deserved to be told you’re loved properly. Not as a cowardly, last ditch effort of a dying entity.”
“Dean, please,” Castiel pleaded, placing a hand on the mattress and leaning forward earnestly. “It’s Halloween. You always said this was one of your favorite holidays and I will not let you spend it alone to rot in your own misery.”
Just as he thought he was going to tip over the edge, everything stopped. Dean opened his eyes and realized he was sweaty, panting, and clutching the covers beneath him. He swallowed to moisten his dry throat and sat up on his elbows, looking down his body at Castiel, who was staring back at him intensely. Dean suddenly felt self-conscious and embarrassed again, trying to cover it up with conversation.
Cas giggled more and complied, scooching up until he was level with Dean, their knees knocking against each other’s and their arms pressed together.
“I’m certainly going to try,” Castiel grinned. He lowered his head further and began lavishing Dean’s chest with wet, hot kisses, lapping his tongue over his pointed nipples whenever he would get near one.
They’d found Beth on a vamp hunt 10 months ago. It was their first basic bones case after defeating Chuck. A nest had attacked her family’s farm. They’d found her huddled in the storm cellar of the barn clutching a shotgun with a nasty gash in her leg. She was 14, the youngest of 3. Her parents and siblings didn’t make it. Miracle was the one who heard her cry for help and wouldn’t let them leave until they found her, but Dean was the one who managed to talk her down from her panicked survival mode and convinced her not to shoot at them. He’d been the one to dress her wound to the point where it was safe to move her. They all put themselves down as her contact info at the hospital since she had nowhere to go, but Dean was the only one they ever called. Every step of her recovery, she responded the best to Dean. When they brought her back to the bunker, she’d chosen the room across the hall from Dean’s. When she’d start screaming from night terrors at 3:00 AM, Dean’s voice was the only thing that would calm her down enough to let her semi-conscious form get back to sleep. And when they suggested moving her to Jody’s place so she could be with girls closer to her own age, she only stopped having a panic attack when Dean, who was totally taken off-guard by her reaction, took her hands and assured her she didn’t have to go anywhere if she didn’t want to. Eileen had asked her why she was so attached to Dean in particular when Sam and Dean had been off in Vegas – the first time they’d done their pilgrimage in
“Uh, right. I should’ve known… Guess the cold is numbing my brain or something,” Dean muttered, shaking his head. He sat on the edge of the bed and started undoing his laces, kicking his boots off before swinging his legs up onto the mattress and tucking them under the covers.
“Allow me to rephrase,” Castiel said. Dean heard the door click shut and felt Cas’s weight at the foot of the bed the next moment. That finally got him to turn his head and look at the other man, blinking dimly at the stern concern etched into his features. “I’m spending time with you tonight whether you like it or not.”
Dean frowned at first, obviously not sure what he was supposed to be looking at. When he saw the stained pants, however, Castiel could see the wheels turn and then something click, Dean’s expression turning from realization, to sheepish, to smugness within the course of a second.
The fourth “booty prayer” came one dull and rainy afternoon. Castiel sat in the library reading a book Dean had lent him while Sam tried to teach Jack how to play poker at the war room’s table. He heard Dean’s voice husky with want echo through his mind, pulling him away from Vonnegut’s words. He pursed his lips and glanced into the war room, making sure that Jack and Sam were focused on their cards before quietly slipping out of the room and down the hallway. Once he rounded a corner, he willed himself directly into Dean’s room, being sure to make himself invisible. The sight before him was better than he ever imagined.
The elder son glanced around the room one more time, ensuring that the curtains were drawn, the door was locked, and the “Do Not Disturb” sign was hanging outside on the handle. He turned back to the skin mag, wetting his dry lips with the tip of his tongue as he opened to the first picture.
“They’re water chestnuts dipped in a mix of soy sauce, brown sugar, and ginger and then wrapped in bacon. Mom used to make them for special occasions.” A flash of sadness passed over the girl’s face before she wrinkled her nose in distaste. “They’re supposed to have chicken livers too, but I never liked them. They’re too strong and ruin the bacon.”
For the first time in the longest time, Dean felt safe. Sam was okay, no one was coming after them, and Cas wasn’t going anywhere. He nuzzled into Cas’s chest and let his brain turn off for once, just enjoying the feeling of someone he cared about holding him. Gradually he felt himself start to drift off, but he fought to stay awake. He never knew what his dreams were going to do to him and he wanted this feeling of security and unbridled affection to last as long as possible.
Dean watched Cas frame Sam’s face with his hands and felt… something. It wasn’t his inner panicky self sighing with relief that Sam was actually going to be okay. It wasn’t the swelling pride he felt over Cas handling Baby so well, given the circumstances. It wasn’t the vague paranoia that the sheriff had somehow followed them without any of them noticing. It was something like… annoyance, maybe? Annoyance at Cas. Annoyance at the angel for not immediately turning to him. For not looking at him and healing him first.
“Whoa dude,” Dean rushed, grabbing Castiel’s wrist and holding it, keeping it from just barely touching his base. “I don’t swing that way. I like women, okay? So why don’t you just fly off and we’ll act like this whole thing ne- Nnn!” Dean couldn’t help but let out a cry of pleasure as the angel easily pushed past Dean’s hand and gripped the base of his member gently, slowly gliding up the shaft. Every thought vanished from Dean’s mind and all he could focus on was the overwhelming sensation of Castiel touching him. It was like nothing he had ever experienced before. Castiel’s hand was soft and warm, but there was an indescribable, otherworldly pleasure that emanated from inside the other man. All Dean could do was lay back down and close his eyes as the immortal being slowly worked at his most intimate area, quickly picking up the pace, causing pre-cum to once again flow at a steady stream out of Dean’s hard on.
So after Jack left and everyone went to bed, Dean carefully, quietly grabbed two bottles and slunk off to a room he knew no one would be able to hear him sob or scream himself hoarse. He wanted to yell and take out all his bitter resentment by trashing the place. But when he got there, when he saw the back wall where the portal had opened up, where the black goo had oozed and taken his heart from him, Dean found himself instead drawn to it. He pressed his back to it, slid down, and let himself get lost in his hopelessness.
Castiel regarded Dean for a moment, his chest filling with a strange pride both at how well he was able to maintain his cover and how he was able to frustrate Dean without so much as saying anything to him. He merely stepped to the side and gestured to his discarded clothes on the floor, the white stain of his seed obvious against the inside of his black pants.
Castiel looked at Dean for a moment, his expression unreadable before getting up and slowly making his way over to the still obviously aroused mortal. “This is what you would call more of a personal matter. I would hate to see what I pulled out of the pit go to waste.” The angel in male visage kneeled between Dean’s legs and slowly reached under the magazine.
Dean opened his eyes and looked at Cas with a confused need. The feeling was fading and Dean leaned back in to try and bring it back, but Cas pulled away.
“That Halloween when the Samhain seal was broken. When you stubbornly insisted on saving those thousands of people. I didn’t know how to describe it at the time, but later I’d realized I wanted to make love to you afterwards.”
“No, I mean… I want to watch you without you knowing I’m there,” Cas said slowly, shifting uncomfortably. “I believe it’s called voyeurism.”
Dean swallowed nervously, but obeyed. Castiel reached forward and framed the hunter’s face with his hands, leaning into him so their foreheads bumped together.
“Remember the sheriff?” Dean asked, hoping that might jog Sam’s memory, even though he knew it wouldn’t.
Castiel paused, his hand resting on top of their coats. Was Dean finally making an advance? No, he’d seen Dean flirt with countless women and he was never this bashful. Castiel had only been talking about their outer layers, but it made sense that less layers of clothing while under blankets would more efficiently share heat.
“This is what I chose, Dean. It’s what I want. I can’t think of anything better than living a full life loving you and then getting to spend eternity with you after we’ve passed.”
“Cas!” Dean choked out, his fingers latching onto Castiel’s shoulder blades. There was no way this would be enough friction to get him off, but it was still enough to make his head spin. And if Cas kept talking like that… Dean didn’t know what would happen, but he knew it made his knees weak and his heart flutter in excitement. He had to change the subject.
Dean was ripped from his thoughts when he felt a bare arm wrap around his waist and a chest press against his back.
He laid there and looked up at the sky, trying to see the stars through the spots of light that kept popping in and out of his vision. The feeling was still there, but he couldn’t think about it. He had to push through whatever small time pain he was feeling, pull himself up, and get to his room. He could do this. He’d been through so much worse. Dean groaned again and let out a heavy sigh before lurching forward into a sitting position on the edge of the sidewalk. He glanced at his hand and grimaced. Falling like that hadn’t done it any favors. It was somehow even more swollen and the color of grape juice. He reached up with his other arm and buried his nose in the crux of his elbow. He wasn’t sure how his nose wasn’t as broken as his hand, but he was grateful it wasn’t.
barked. Dean frowned in confusion and moved out of the room, hitting the light switch with his elbow and pulling the door shut behind him with his foot.
him to make me human. I couldn’t stand the thought of coming back just to watch you grow old and die. So I decided the best course of action to take was to grow old and die with you.”
“To the car. We need more alcohol,” Cas snickered. He took a step and wound up sitting on the bed again, making him burst out into more giggles. Dean heard the growler land on the floor with a soft thunk.
Dean’s gaze drifted from Cas to the wall behind him as he tried to draw in breath, the world spiraling. He’d been home for three months. He’d abandoned everyone for three months, longer if you include Michael taking over. They’d all known something was wrong and tried to help him for three months, but he’d been too stubborn and caught up in finally not caring to realize what was going on. He was such a self-centered bastard.
Miracle shifted at the word and Dean couldn’t help but grin as he uncapped his water and sipped from it.
The motel Dean and Sam were holed up was a cheap place a few miles outside of town. Dean didn’t like booking motels too close to town with ghouls. Not after the whole thing with Adam. It was obvious that the building had been turned into a motel, but from what, Dean couldn’t tell. All he knew was that the building was long and squat, and the rooms were made as small as possible to fit as many guests in as possible. Each room had a single twin bed, a tv, and a bathroom with the world’s most cramped showers
– and, after thinking a moment, Beth had responded that he reminded her a lot of her dad. Dean felt old when Eileen first relayed that piece of information back to him. Which, fair. He
He couldn’t do it anymore. He didn’t see the point. When they brought him back it was obvious Sam could not only take care of himself but at least a dozen other people. Jack had those same other dozen people to take care of and look out for him. Cas had finally learned to look after himself and his mom never needed him to take care of her. They had a whole hub of hunters working every case that came over the line to the point where there were never any “left over” for him to take. No one needed him to be the leader or care giver. Even if they did, he was sure he’d just make another selfish choice that only put that person in danger – or even worse, get them killed like so many of the other people he’d promised to protect.
“Jesus Christ!” Dean started, quickly grabbing the abandoned magazine from beside him and covering himself quickly. Of all the times for the man to show up. “Can’t you read the sign on the door?! The
Dean pulled his head back but couldn’t move the rest of his body. “I, uh,” Dean stammered, flushed, his eyes glued to Cas’s lips. “That’s… fuck, I was trying to wait until I wasn’t… but I just…” He had to close his eyes and take a deep, steadying breath before he could form a coherent sentence. “I guess I kind of think you’re hot too,” he chuckled weakly. He opened his eyes, expecting a confused or even disgusted look, but instead found one of warmth and patience. He swallowed and licked his lips, but whether it was out of nervous habit or because he
“Can’t wait to hear how you iced the nymph,” Dean spoke up, his voice and nerves steady knowing that Cas was by his side. And that Sammy couldn’t get close enough to any of the windows to look in.
Castiel chuckled and the warmth of it seeped through Dean. Somehow, it was the most comforting thing Cas had said the entire time.
Dean swallowed. Slowly, painstakingly, he rolled over onto his back and sat up, leaning back against the headboard.
“We’re fine, Sam,” Castiel responded calmly, reaching out and squeezing Dean’s hand. He knew Dean wasn’t anywhere near ready to come out to anyone about their newly blossomed relationship. And that was okay. As long as it didn’t take him another 10 years to tell Sam about it, Castiel was willing to wait with Dean by his side. “The nymph only snowed us in. If you’re able to dig the snow out from around the door, I believe I can force it open from in here.”
“You’re not going anywhere,” Dean teased. A truly awful idea came through his head, but instead of his normal filter catching it and keeping him from acting on it, he just let himself go with his impulses. He reached forward and grabbed at the back of Cas’s collar, trying to pull him up further on the bed. “Lay down before you fall down ya boozer.”
. His eyes shifted back to Cas’s hopeful look. He was tired and he didn’t think he’d be able to actually enjoy the movie or candy now that he felt nothing again. But at the same time, he didn’t want Cas to leave either. And that small island of want in his sea of apathy was something at least.
Dean shuddered, but didn’t look up. He couldn’t look up. He couldn’t bring himself to look at the dead man walking. Not even when the man let out a disappointed sigh or padded across the room and knelt down in front of him.
old. For a hunter, anyway. But it also made his chest warm in a way he hadn’t felt since Jack left to go run the universe with Amara.
“At first we thought Michael did something to you while we were trying to cast him out. But once it was obvious that you were capable of taking care of yourself, we realized it was something else. We all tried to bring you back to some semblance of normalcy, but short of physically dragging you outside, it didn’t seem like there was much we could do.”
“Saturnalia,” Castiel repeated simply, eyeing the copious amounts of empty and half-drunk wine bottles littered about the room, many of which surrounded the neatly made king-sized canopy bed in the far corner. “It was a Roman festival celebrating Saturn. Or, Zeus, I suppose. I’ll never understand why the Greek deities felt the need to rename themselves specifically for the Romans. Sacrifices would be made in his honor, feasts would be had, gifts exchanged–”
“Wh-what are you doing?” Dean stammered with wide eyes when his eyes landed on the bed. Dean couldn’t tell if he stuttered because he was shivering so badly, or because of the sudden knot of nervousness that sank into the pits of his stomach. Out of all the times Dean had secretly hoped Cas would make the first move, he never would have thought it would be in the middle of a case when the other half of Team Free Will 2.0 was in danger.
The room stilled as they both basked in their afterglows, the continued vibrations of the plug and Dean’s heavy breathing the only things breaking the quiet. Dean moved first, reaching behind him and turning the plug off. Castiel let his eyes linger on Dean’s spent and blissed out form panting on the bed for a few more moments before moving himself to his room to change.
“What happened? Are you alright?” Cas asked as he knelt next to Dean. Dean watched the angel eye his injuries and felt his heart tug again at the look of pain on his face.
Something in Cas’s eyes hit Dean hard in the chest, leaving him winded. Memories came back to him suddenly, flashes of the day dream Michael had kept him in so Dean couldn’t revoke consent. Driving to the Carolinas with Sam next to him and Jack, Cas, and his mom playing “I Spy” in the backseat. Sitting on a warm beach, watching Sam and his mom teach Jack how to swim while Cas sat next to him holding his hand. Getting a little too drunk one night in the hotel room he shared with Cas and finally telling him how he’d felt for years. Seeing that same look on the angel’s face that he was seeing now and the warmth it gave him to hear Cas say he felt the same way. The feeling grew with each returning flashback. It wound and hooked itself around his heart and tugged him forward slowly until his forehead came to rest against Cas’s.
Dean’s heart leapt. The thought of having Cas’s hair in his face or the angel’s arm slung around his waist was a long-time day dream that he’d deny having to anyone, including himself sometimes. But now he had the safety net of alcohol. If Cas shoved him away or didn’t like it, he could just say he didn’t remember tonight. No harm, no foul.
Dean blinked and asked simply, too stunned at Cas calling him attractive to put on a teasing tone, “You think I’m hot?”
“Great,” Dean mumbled as he skulked out of the store room. Maybe he’d stop by the kitchen before heading for the dungeon and pour himself a shot or three of courage. Nowhere near enough to make him forget the last time he was in there – that’d come later after everyone else was nestled snug in their beds – but enough that he could at least get near the door without flinching. He turned down a hallway that would take him to the kitchen. He paused in the doorway for a moment when he saw Beth standing at the counter by the oven humming along to the Christmas music playing over the portable radio on the counter, Miracle sitting at her feet silently begging for scraps of whatever she was making.
Dean blinked again, not really sure where to start. A guilty look flashed over the angel’s features, the expression Cas always had when he thought he’d said too much.
Dean set the empty bottle down on the dungeon floor next to him, not caring as it tipped over and rolled away from him. He blindly reached over for the next bottle, his vision blurry through a cloud of tears and grief.
Dean let out another long, shaky sigh, needing to take a moment. He pursed his lips, glancing at and away from Cas, suddenly very ashamed of his own morbidity.
“Don’t mind me, Dean,” the angel said flatly, staring unblinkingly at the man he rescued from Hell. “I am simply here to observe.”
“I’m sorry,” Dean sobbed, his head tucked into the angel’s shoulder. “I’m so sorry. I fucked up so bad. I’m such a useless, selfish, arrogant, stupid piece of shit.”
It had been almost two weeks since Dean pulled a Lazarus and he still hadn’t gotten a chance to thumb through the latest issue of “Busty Asian Beauties” he took from the convenience store. He hadn’t had a chance between catching up with Sam and Bobby, working a couple of cases, and finding out as much as he could about the angel Castiel; which, to no one’s surprise, wasn’t a hell of a lot. Now was his golden opportunity, though. Sam would be gone for at least a half an hour, giving Dean more than plenty of time to become reacquainted with his body.
He didn’t know what he expected when he flicked on the lights, but it wasn’t the musty stillness of every other unused room in the bunker. There was no blood. No black goo. Nothing to prove that the words and images that repeated in Dean’s head night after night actually happened. Nothing except the horrible, gaping absence.
ruler of the universe,” Castiel rolled his eyes. He moved so he sat next to Dean, their bodies close as their fingers slotted together. God, it felt so
Dean didn’t know how long it had been since Michael got the boot. Not how many days, weeks, or maybe even months since nearly everyone in the Bunker had broken through the dream Michael kept him caged in and convinced him to revoke consent. Time didn’t mean a hell of a lot to him anymore. Maybe that was the one side effect left over from being chained to a comet. God knows he couldn’t tell how long he had been possessed, so maybe…
Castiel licked his lips and felt his dick stir in his pants, knowing what Dean was fantasizing about. The hunter always loved to tease himself just like this while sucking off Castiel. He said it made him hot, wanted the angel even more. Sometimes Castiel’s moans and praise would be too much and Dean would reach down and begin pleasuring himself and those were the times Castiel had to bind his wrists behind him. Not that Dean ever minded.
“He’ll be fine. I don’t think we need to worry about the sheriff either. I took a brief listen to the police scanner Sam keeps in his bag. They don’t know where we are.”
“Regardless,” Castiel rolled his eyes, “we interrupted her merry making and she seems upset about it.”
Dean looked right now. The sight before him was so sinfully perfect he was tempted to reach into his pocket and take a picture with his phone so he could come back to it over and over. But that wasn’t part of what they had discussed so Cas just licked his lips and stroked himself at Dean’s pace, wishing the hunter would move his hand faster.
As Dean’s hand moved over his cock, Castiel matched his strokes, his own head beginning to bead with precum. If he closed his eyes he could imagine it was Dean’s hand wrapped around him, giving him what he needed. He wasn’t going to though, not with how
“We can’t lay on our backs like this,” Cas grumbled, one of his legs dangling off the side of the bed. “There isn’t enough room. We’ll have to move to our sides.”
to get you back cause you deserved better than some half-assed ‘don’t do this’ bullshit! You’re the one who deserved to hear it!! I should’ve said it to you every day since I found you living as Emmanuel! But I was too chickenshit cause I didn’t want to fuck up the best thing I’d ever had!”
Dean had just finished placing his neatly folded clothes on the floor beside the bed when he felt Cas’s weight on the other side. He swallowed again nervously, attempting to steel his nerves and convince himself he could make it through the night without fucking up his friendship with Cas. What they had was one of the best things Dean ever had going for him and the thought of Cas rejecting him because Dean couldn’t keep his stupid emotions in check would break him. Losing Cas to death was one thing. Cas couldn’t help being killed. But him leaving and not coming back and abandoning him… Dean’s chest became achingly tight just at the prospect.
This went on for a while, he started staying up later just to hear his neighbor get himself off so he did too. He hadn't been this horny since he was a teenager, first time discovering skin mags. He worked himself slowly to just slowly build like Cas did, only letting go when he did and it was so addicting. He felt so wrong for doing it but he kept doing it.
Castiel slowly moved his hands away from his head and slowly looked up at Dean, he wanted to lock himself up somewhere. He didn't want to have to pretend like everything was okay. He shook his head, he gingerly reached out for Dean's hand before thinking that Dean would move his hand away. He froze and he quickly retracted his arm and held them close to his body. He looked away from Dean and curled up again.
Castiel moaned into Dean's mouth, feeling spikes of pleasure run through him. He arched into Dean wanting to be flat against him. He tightened his hand in Dean's hair, lightly pulling on it as a response. His other hand moved from Dean's neck to his shoulder, holding onto him.
Castiel could barely hold his moans that were pushed out of him with every thrust and he met every one of Dean's thrusts with his own roughness and he felt the warm feeling building quickly. "Ah! Ah! Dean!" he panted as he moved his hands to settle on Dean's shoulders so he could shift his hips down faster. Their skins met to make a sound for every thrusts and they forgot to keep quiet since they started, going at it loudly and not thinking about it.
"I wasn't exactly sure either." Dean admitted. "But I knew there was something, and thankfully I was right." He replied with a chuckle. "Are you feeling up to climb it? Except maybe you won't fall on me this time." He added with a grin.
Castiel didn't sleep for a while, just holding Dean before he drifted to sleep. It won't be long before he had to get up again to get food for Dean for breakfast. He didn't know if Dean has eaten but he'll take care of Dean. He will. This time.
"Nah, I'm the one that knocked your papers down and stuff. And sorry about your glasses, I'm glad they didn't break." Dean replied, waving off her apology. "And people avoid pretty girls too, y'know." He added with a smile before he realized that he was starting to cross the line between just being friendly and was bordering flirting without even realizing it.
"He didn't do it on purpose. Whatever he does, like when he offered me to make me food just because, that is just because he's like that probably." Charlie added.
The room fell into silence for just a moment before Dean scooted just a little closer and Castiel flinched under the blanket before he stilled again.
"Ohh, hot chocolate sounds amazing." Dean added, looking over at Cas. He hadn't realized just how freezing it was until he thought of holding a delicious, steaming mug of Cas's hot chocolate.
Dean glared at the kid for a second before snatching up his bag, shoving past the kid roughly as he left the classroom. He stalked down the hall to his next class, knowing that he probably looked like he was about to kill someone- which he was partially considering.
Dean sat down at one of the stools, using the open table to put his backpack on. “I said I would be.” he replied. “I….I just needed a place to study, quiet you know?”
Castiel's eyes widened, "That's about 10 years Dean. That's a decade." he remembered Dean saying that he was taught how to shoot to protect Sam, but he didn't know it was for that long. He didn't realize how long Dean has been taking care of Sam or how long his father has been leaving them to fend for themselves, it was saddening. To imagine a child taking care of his younger sibling on his own, uncertain when his father would come home, doing his best to raise his own brother. He even said that before he started to learn how to shoot, he was learning to clean them. Castiel looked at Dean, he had so many responsibilities as a child, it sounded ridiculous.
"Yeah, it'll be our own choice. So if this is a bet, is there some kind of punishment or something if one of us breaks it before we're supposed to?" Dean asked, glancing over at Cas curiously.
"And if he stays here, he'd be more protected than alone at his house." Dean chimed in, encouraged by the fact that no one seemed too upset.
Castiel leaned against Dean, parting his legs for him when he cleaned him out. He sighed softly with his head leaning on his chest. He was tired and sleepy, standing in the warm water with Dean. He dozed off a little but woke himself up so Dean wouldn't have to carry him back to bed too. He reached over and turned off the water. He reached over for the towels, almost tripping a bit as he grabbed them and handed them back to Dean.
"But of course. I cannot keep all these to myself and certainly not all for Dean. He would get a tummy ache." He said.
Dean smiled and leaned his head against Cas's, following his finger as he pointed out each of the stars and constellations. He knew he wouldn't be able to remember it all, but he paid close attention anyway because it was infinitely more interesting with Cas explaining it.
Dean laughed, watching him and arching a brow. "Cas, you're at that point where you're so tired it's like you're high." He informed him with a grin as Cas poked his cheek. "Not that I mind. You're pretty funny." He said with a smile.
Castiel squealed happily and clapped his hands together in excitement, bouncing in his spot. "I'm so happy! I'm excited to cook with you Dean!" he exclaimed.
Dean got ready within a few moments, stepping back out of the bathroom feeling more awake and refreshed. "Your turn." He said with a smile, plopping down on the bed again to wait for Cas.
Castiel caught them, "I don't mind." He chuckled. He slipped the t-shirt on and then the boxers before taking off the towel. They were a little loose on his hips but the t-shirt covered it hanging on his hips. "Where should I put the towel?" He asked. "Also I'm sorry about your pillowcase." He said.
"You're very helpful. It makes things move faster when you're here to help me, even if you think they are small tasks. They cut down in time, making it faster." Castiel replied. He figured to make the pie first before cooking the turkey since it was going to take longer. He boiled some water on the side to cook some pastas while he started putting together the dough. He hummed softly, "After you're done cutting those, will you please peel those apples then dice them for me please?" he asked.
"Night Cas." Dean murmured, still tired from earlier and falling easily asleep. He didn't have any specific dreams, but he slept well and felt content.
"Do you want to help me bake cookies then?" Castiel asked. "I think we ate them all yesterday." He said. "Can't have Christmas without cookies." He smiled.
"Let's wait for a while longer. I'm okay but I want to make sure that I am." Said Castiel. "I'll make you a list and if you have a hard time finding anything, call me." He told him. "Well since some have time now, would you like something to eat? Maybe the food we had from yesterday?" He asked.
Castiel stared at his phone, so it really wasn't that great at school. Dean was suffering what he went through. He sat up and squeezed the pillow close. He didn't want to come to school but even so, he didn't want Dean to go alone. He was worried.
Dean tensed up at the feel of Cas's freezing feet. "Jesus, were you standing on ice?" He asked with a laugh. "Now you're less good at this, but it's still worth it." He added, shifting slightly but letting Cas keep his feet under him.
Dean winced internally at the scratches, hating how Cas just have felt to make those himself. He moved and kissed them lightly, lips barely grazing over the scratches. The other marks sparked his anger, that anyone would dare to do that to Cas against his will. He kissed one softly, gently, before sucking at the skin and tracing his tongue across it, reclaiming the mark as his own.
Castiel gathered his things before heading off to the classroom that they frequently ate lunch in. He was walking there before passing by a classroom and Balthazar came out as he talked to some girls. He tried to walk by but Balthazar caught him and said bye to the other girls before smiling at Castiel. "I see that you decided to listen to me." he commented.
"Dude it's cool, no need to reiterate yourself." Kevin chuckled a little. He looked over at Dean with an arched brow, "I don't know, what they say sounds like you're dating. It was pretty detailed that even I questioned it." he told him.
The cashier's smile dropped a bit. "Oh." he said. He continued scanning the rest of the things before telling them the total. Castiel passed him a card and the cashier swiped it. The cashier ripped out the receipt and handed it to Castiel.
"Mm, want to go get cleaned up? Oh, we can try out the jacuzzi." Dean offered with a grin, perking up at the thought. A nice soak in a jacuzzi would feel amazing and it would be nice to be there when Cas experienced it for the first time.
"It would definitely make me happy too." Dean replied, smiling into the skin on the side of his neck. "And you like it too, right?" He asked, lifting his head slightly. He didn't want Cas to do things just because they made Dean happy- he wanted him I enjoy them too.
"Yep, like a puppy, an untrained one. Kittens or cats are probably a little better at cleaning." Sam teased.
Sam handed them to Dean, "He's going to have cold sweat, the bottle of water should make him feel a bit better after he's done throwing up and calming down. Don't exactly touch him, he is probably panicking. I would go with you, but... that would be a lot of people." he explained.
Huh? Oh Yeah. Uh thanks. *Glances back and forth to the librarian and the person he spotted* *Starts walking over to the desk before silently arguing with himself*
"Yeah, you make a good blanket, pillow, and alarm clock." Dean replied with a smile, chucking as Cas kissed him again. He moved to kiss Cas himself as well, pulling back again with a grin. He didn't think it would ever be possible to get tired of being woken up so lovingly.
“.....Good point.” Dean said first before adding on, “I know when I make a rash decision or jumping the gun, but this feels right. Going to see Cas. I mean, I feel better than I have in months.” he explained. “It’s stupid to be so hung up on an octopus, but he’s Cas. He’s special to me.”
Castiel finally broke the kiss with a rosy flush across his cheeks as he panted. He looked at Dean with a dazed look, running his thumb over Dean's lips that were slicked with spit. His eyes flickered a bit as he licked his own, he locked eyes again with Dean, panting a little.
"I can manage with one." Dean replied with a grin, holding out his hand to take Cas's after he shifted into drive.
Ellen glanced over at Dean before at Jo, "I dunno honey. You might have a run for your money." She chuckled.
"Yeah, okay, well I wasn't the one who dared you to dress as a girl. I didn't dare any of you to do anything! Jeez what'd I do to deserve this." He grumbled. "Nevermind, don't answer that." He added, breaking into a grin despite himself.
"That's true, our only "arguments" were just us being upset about how much we cared." Dean chuckled before glancing down at Cas and sobering slightly. "Yeah, you weren't here for a while, but that wasn't your fault. Plus you came back, and that's what really matters." He told Cas, squeezing his hand slightly.
Castiel laughed a bit, "It's fine if it isn't, there's nothing wrong with that." he said. "What would you like to drink this morning Dean?" he asked. He grabbed a bottle of water for himself but waited for Dean to answer him before he got him something.
"What?" Dean looked up at him, "How did you finish so easily? How did you find number 17? I've been stuck on it forever. I looked through it again and again and I still can't find it." he groaned.
Dean smiled at the soft feeling. "Oh yeah, like a baby." He replied with a chuckle. "What about you? You look well rested." He commented, not yet wanting to move away from their proximity or the touch of Cas's hand.
Charlie arched a brow, "Karaoke it is then! I have to hear this." She said, she went over to the machine and pressed a few buttons and turned in the tv. She grabbed two microphones and tapped them to see if they work. A tap came up through the speakers around them. She found the book of songs before grinning. She went over to Dean and put a microphone in his hand,
"I'm so sorry. I don't...I don't know if you'll forgive me but I'm really sorry. I-I wanted to see you so much and..." Castiel bit his lip, feeling some of his words stumbling over each other, he felt overwhelmed by a lot of things. "I'm sorry Dean." He sniffled.
"A little cold please." Castiel told her and she nodded and adjusted before bringing him a little closer so he could test it. Castiel touched it with his tentacle before reaching out for it and splashing himself. Lisa watched in interest, seeing him rehydrate.
Castiel nodded slightly. "Of course." He said. He opened the door of the room and they were still there, oblivious to the situation. Castiel lead Dean in for a moment but didn't wake them up yet. He looked up at Dean, sighing softly. "I'll come visit later if you want me to." He said. He stared at Dean a little before he touched his cheek and leaned up to kiss him.
Dean knew Cas could do better than him- he'd known the entire time, but he just figured he'd gotten lucky. In the back of his mind, he'd always thought and feared that Cas would find someone better, more suitable. But could Dean really ruin everyone else for him? Hurt him that much? Dean swallowed uncertainly. "I don't want him to be hurt if that happened, but I... I can't. I can't leave him now." He said, wondering if he was being ridiculously selfish. "I mean, there's a chance that this could work out, right? That you guys wouldn't disappear or your family wouldn't get involved?" He asked, looking up from Cas to Gabriel.
"Not a chance." Dean replied simply, smirking as he tightened his arms around Cas. "But did you really expect me to?" He asked his a soft chuckle, reaching up with one hand to tilt Cas's chin up for another kiss.
"Mmm, it's a lot better than I thought it was going to be. I thought you were just flattering me." he said, letting Dean having his hand back.
Castiel touched the hem of Dean's shirt, tracing his fingers on Dean's hip. He felt a little unclothed while Dean was still wearing everything. Dean looked at Cas with a soft look.
Dean grinned, loving Cas's attempt even if it wasn't the smoothest just yet. "Yeah, you're on the right track. A guy as smart as you will get the hang of it no problem, I'm sure. Plus you can practice on me as much as you want." He added, definitely wanting Cas to keep trying.
Dean relaxed, grinning easily again. "Awesome. Then it looks like we want the same thing. Each other." He laughed, feeling relieved and glad.
"I love you too," Dean replied, voice just above a whisper. "More than I ever thought was possible." He added with a somewhat awed smile before he leaned up to close the space between their lips again. He squeezed Cas's hand gently and met his slowly rolling hips, everything feeling smooth and relaxed.
Castiel gasped, moaning into Dean's mouth at his rough treatment. He scooted closer to Dean and slid his hands into Dean's hair and pulled at the ends. He swallowed a bit, feeling excitement run through him, it was exciting to make a fantasy come true and much more rewarding when it actually happened. He kissed Dean deeply, keeping the rough edge like Dean was doing.
"I'll keep your head surfaced and parts of your body." Castiel told him as he made it into the water."
Dean smiled, knowing that Cas wouldn't want to order him around all the time even if he would let him. They had a good system as it was, both of them sharing the bossiness.
Castiel pinched his eyebrows together a little before he perked and looked at Dean with a determined look. "Yes...please!" he slowly said before grinning up at Dean.
Legs wrapped around his waist as he lifted and pulled Cas down. Castiel cried out, "Fuck Dean…there! Right there!"
Dean practically jumped when Cas said it was good to eat. He took the knife Cas gave him and cut himself a hefty slice, being extremely careful as he transferred it to his plate. "It's pie, not glass." Bobby chuckled as Dean cautiously situated it on his plate.
"I'll tend to it after we finish okay?" Castiel looked at him. "Be careful next time. Bobby is right, you could have been really hurt for doing that and it's only effecting you." he added.
"I take my naps when the sun is high. Best time to." Benny replied. "Your brother called, worried about you, but it seems you're doin' fine."
Dean blinked, surprised. "What? Cas I already said you can stay. Did Gabriel say something about you staying?" he asked.
"Everything looks good so far." Dean complimented as he grab the stuff for the tree. "Okay, so the lights need to go on first." He instructed, pulling out a few strands and starting to wrap them around the tree. "Then the tinsel and ornaments and everything."
The buzzed hair guy breathed over his ear, "We can still make this really nice for you. Make you enjoy it." he said, touching his nipples.
"Thanks, that's nice of you. We both used to be pretty distracted when we had classes, but now I might not have a choice but to pay more attention. Otherwise I'll die of boredom. Actually, I still might, even if I'm listening." Dean joke with a smile, glad they were having a normal conversation again.
Castiel started babbling through the gag, whimpering and whining. His head was against the wall, trying to find something to hold onto. He grabbed Dean's shoulders as he shuddered. He was drooling over his chin, the tie was less of a gag than most of the things they tried. His eyes teared up from the straight shocks of pleasure for the sensitivity. It hurt a little at how much and pure they were. He was still pliant but he felt everything. He was aware of everything and he was so shaky.
"Okay, that sounds good too." Dean replied with a soft smile, stroking Cas's hair gently to help him fall asleep. His other arm was still around Cas protectively. He knew he wouldn't actually be able to fall asleep with Cas's reaction to their bullying so fresh on his mind. He was determined to make up for not being able to stop the attack by going back alone, hopefully saving Cas from the worst of their taunts and insults.
"Mm, that sounds good to me." Dean responded, leaning slightly into his touch and closing his eyes. "So since we're alone, I'll remind you that I love you. Just so you don't forget." Dean said with a smik
Castiel smiled just a little before leaning his head under Dean's and tucking his head there and letting out a slow breath. "It's still really early..." he commented. "Should we go back to bed?" he asked. "It'll be sleeping in very late, but...I am exhausted." he said.
"It's okay, I don't mind. I figured you'd be sore, but you can rest as much as you want today. I'll get you painkillers with breakfast." Dean replied. "Oh, and Gabriel said he covered for you last night but apparently you owe him one." He added with a smile.
Castiel looked at Dean as he did that, feeling anticipation crawling under his skin. He shivered under Dean's touch, wanting to do something for Dean too. He touched the side of Dean's neck, getting his attention to pull him up a little as he kissed his collarbone and bit it. He licked it over, leaving a mark. He did a few more before he pulled Dean down for a kiss, tangling his fingers in his hair and lightly pulling.
Dean chuckled at their banter and walked over beside Cas, not minding helping him. He started to dry the dishes that Cas washed, setting them in a stack that he could put away once they were done.
His straight face started to crack and he broke into a wide grin as he laid down his final card. "Ha! I win!" He cheered, smiling triumphantly.
Gabriel quickly went inside, followed by the others who didn't quite look around yet. They took off their shoes and jogged after Gabriel and Dean. Gabriel went up the stairs followed with Dean on his heels. He opened the door of Castiel's room and saw him leaning against the headboard with a book in his lap.
"Seriously, that sounds like a lot of work." Dean replied, arching a brow slightly. He hadn't even thought about prom until Charlie brought it up.
Castiel laughed slightly, feeding Dean the ice cream. He kissed Dean on the cheek as he did, feeling happy at how things were between them. He scattered little kisses on the side of Dean's face, smiling against his skin. He spooned out some more ice cream, seeing it was enough for just one more spoonful. He looked back at Dean, "Ah, and close your eyes." he instructed with a chuckle.
Dean hurried into the class, locking onto Cas as soon as he entered. "Are you okay?" He asked worriedly before even sitting down. "I got Gabriel to go try to help, but I don't know how much it worked."
"Cas I'm sorry. I didn't mean to hurt your feelings. I'm not throwing you out, I'm still here. I just had work, but we'll figure it out okay?" Dean told him. "Please come out, I'm sorry." he added.
"It'll definitely be amazing." Castiel smiled. "Just us being here together for the new year, that already perfect. Anything more to that is just adding to it." He said happily. He glanced out the window and watched the road go by, he couldn't wait until tonight. This was so exciting.
Castiel nodded, breathing in and out slowly. He closed his eyes a little, taking Dean's hand and just taking a few moments to breathe in. He was nervous, anxious, and scared. He just felt like something bad was going to happen, even if it didn't, he still felt like it would. He had to do this, he could do this. He's not alone. Not anymore. He had Dean. He calmed down slightly and opened his eyes again and looked at Dean, "Okay. Let's go." he said before reluctantly removing his hand from Dean's and pulling on his bag completely.
Castiel tipped his head to the side a little, "Was it? I didn't think it was. Maybe it was because I left." He replied. "But you're welcome Dean." He smiled.
"Of course Charlie, you're amazing, beauty, and smart. More things I can list, anyone that you deem is good for you, will surely be great themselves." Castiel smiled.
Dean didn’t realize it but hearing Anna say those things to him didn’t actually hurt anymore and listening to Cas talk about what he has done for him in the time they knew each other made his heart ache, squeeze. He was already head over heels in love with Cas without knowing. He cupped Cas’s face and kissed him.
Dean sighed dramatically. "No fun." He murmured, laying down in the grass beside him and taking another large bite. "This is probably the best lunch I've had in a while. Good food, good weather, good company."
Cas and Dean walked into the room, both smiling, "Sorry we slept in. Good morning." Castiel greeted. "Merry Christmas!" he said happily.
Castiel looked at Dean, again, searching for that doubt or lie that he wouldn't find. He bit his lip slightly, "It's not?" He asked softly, his voice just wrapped in so many emotions. He held onto Dean a bit tighter, really hoping that he wasn't lying to him.
Castiel slowly peeped an eye open before he blinked and reached for Dean's hand. He grasped it and tried climbing again. He climbed onto the branch that Dean was on. He sighed softly, not yet letting go of Dean's hand yet. He was still a little freaked and he hoped that Dean wouldn't mind that he was.
Over the next few months of measuring Cas, he had become more of a cheater, one time he stood up on all his tentacles, right on the tip so he could be taller. Dean laughed at his attempts and always told him he wouldn't know how tall he would be if he would cheat. Castiel would always pout and sink back down so Dean could measure him. He was slowly getting a little bigger but not much, now he fit perfectly on Dean's hand but it wasn't enough for Castiel.
Dean just held him, rubbing his back gently. This feeling that Cas sparked inside of him, deeper than affection, was almost frightening. He cared so much about Cas, yet he couldn't even protect him. In fact, it was his own family problems that put him in that situation in the first place. Added to the fact that Cas's main fear was of Dean rejecting him, he felt a wash of guilt about the entire thing. He turned his head to kiss Cas's hair lightly, still wishing he could do more for him.
“It’s nice he found a place for himself though...wonder if he gets lonely out here.” Sam looked around the cave.
Dean felt Cas's movement and started moving more quickly, matching his stroking with his thrusts as he began to speed up. He bent further down to take Cas's nipple in his mouth and play with it between his teeth as he smoothly pulled the red ring up with a few strokes.
Castiel let out a soft moan, seeing the marks lay across his skin and Dean touching them. He squeezed Dean's hand before gently brushing his hair with the other hand. He just kept his gaze on Dean, watching what he was going to do.
Castiel arched a brow at Dean, "Are you telling me that, solely for the fact that I'm going to be wearing them and you'll know?" he asked. "You are amused by this aren't you?" he laughed a little before taking the panties and sliding them under the blankets so he can pull them on. He scooted off the side of the bed when he needed to pull on the stocking before putting his legs in his jeans and pulling them up as he stood up.
Dean watched Charlie and Benny go back and forth with a smile- he was definitely doing better than Balthazar. He glanced over at Cas, who looked like he was thinking, but he didn't want to ask until they were alone. "Hey." He said to him, leaning over and bumping their shoulders together since Cas was sitting too far to just lean against.
Dean smiled and leaned against the caress. "I guess we both like knowing where the other is, for support." He replied, a wash of happy relief settling over him as he realized that even with everything else that was going on, and all the people who were trying to catch Cas's attention, he still sought Dean out for reassurance.
Dean softly returned the kiss, smiling contentedly as they broke apart. "I think at this point, they expect me to steal you away to our own little world. We'll still give them a warning though." He added with a light laugh. "So we'll do anything for each other, huh? Looks like we've got a pretty sound relationship. Nothing can get between us." He said, grinning at the thought.
Castiel chuckled, kissing Dean after he did that. "I think I'm really enjoying this ice cream." he grinned. He kissed Dean again just because he wanted to before Dean scooped another bite for him. "Ah." he opened his mouth so Dean would feed him. He laughed lightly as he did this.
"Nah, it's fine. Everyone has a type, yknow? Don't worry about it. I bet we can find you someone else." Dean offered curiously. He really wanted to know what sort of type Cas was into- there had to be something.
Dean waved back, definitely not minding that they were taking her car, though he was curious about whether it was really to avoid getting his seats wet. "Looks like it's just you and me." He said with a grin, glancing over at Cas.
"I have never made one either." said Castiel. He was gathering the supplies they needed to cook the gingerbread men. He also looked around for other things to decorate a gingerbread house if they made one. "We can make miniature ones, they are easier to do and we won't have to do as much. Plus I would like to not have an upset stomach from eating that much sugar as you say we should put on." he laughed. "They should be about this big." he said, making a measure with his hands on how big the gingerbread house should be. It was about half the height of a water bottle and half a ruler wide.
“Her what?” Dean frowned, shoving his hands in his coat pockets as he looked around the room. No fireplace. No thermostat. This place wasn’t heated and the sudden blizzard the snow nymph sent their way definitely wasn’t helping.
“Wait, why would he sleep like that?” Dean asked. “You heal broken bones and shit and they’re instantly back to normal. What’s the deal with this?”
“Rue what?” Dean raised his eyebrows before opening the fridge, deciding to forgo the shots idea. He never felt right drinking anything stronger than beer in front of the teen who thought so highly of him. Fortunately, the fridge was full of water bottles and mini bottles of bourbon for cooking. He discreetly pocketed two of them before grabbing a water bottle and closing the fridge.
Dean couldn’t help but smirk as Cas rolled his eyes and shepherded Sam into his room, giving him one last glance before shutting the door. If he wasn’t in so much pain he was sure he would have laughed. That feeling he had in the Impala when Cas touched Sam’s face was back, simmering at the back of his throat. Dean stood there in the light of the motel for a few moments, trying to focus on getting to the door to his room and push back the burning frustration. He took a tentative hobble forward. Pain shot up his leg, but he’d done more on a lot worse. He was okay. He could make this. Another limp and a few more shambles forward and he suddenly found himself at the lip of the sidewalk with no car to help take the weight off of his busted ankle. The height between the pavement and the cement wasn’t far at all, but it was still going to suck getting up with a bum ankle. After taking a few steadying breaths he went for it. The tip of his boot caught on the lip and hurtled him forward. He put out his hands on instinct only to remember the broken one milliseconds before it collided with the ground with all his weight behind it.
“Trust me, the feeling is mutual,” Cas grumbled through gritted teeth, bumping up and down as the car jostled on the uneven terrain. If Dean wasn’t in so much pain and he wasn’t so worried about the cops finding them, he would have made fun of the way Cas’s voice bobbed with the car.
He could hear the angel shift, a familiar stiff rustling noise that Dean’s slow mind couldn’t quite place added to the usual sound of fabric.
“I did, and I would like to do it again, and frankly more if I’m being completely honest,” Castiel paused, his endlessly blue eyes searching Dean’s puzzled green ones for a sign of comprehension. “But I think it’s more important for you to get better first. I’ll be here with you for however long that will take.”
“As much as I enjoyed finally getting to do that, I don’t think now is an opportune time to talk about this.”
do everything he did before Michael, but he didn’t care enough to. Sometimes he’d force himself to get up and eat something or duck under the shower for 10 minutes, but only when he couldn’t stand himself anymore and only when he knew the rest of the Bunker would be quiet. When the refugees from the apocalypse world wouldn’t glare at him and whisper behind his back. When Jack wouldn’t try to ask him to teach him how to train or play some card game in a falsely cheery tone undercut with pity. When his mom wouldn’t look at him tight-lipped before asking him if he wanted to go see a movie. When Sam wouldn’t give him his trademark puppy eyes and tell him that he was there if he wanted to talk. And when Cas wouldn’t stare at him like he was a world away, his insanely blue eyes drooped down in a silent, sad, judgmental tone.
“Y’know, I think I might be a bad influence on you,” Dean teased, grinning as he locked the trunk. He motioned for Cas to follow him, a growler of moonshine tucked under his arm.
“You can sleep. It’s okay,” he felt Cas’s voice quietly rumble through him like thunder on the horizon. “I’ll keep you safe.”
‘God, how self-absorbed can I get?’ Dean chided himself. He was being selfish. Of course Cas would look at Sam first. He was the one with the worse injury. And he was right there next to him in the passenger seat. He was closer. It made sense that the angel would treat Sam first. But that didn’t stop the feeling from growing or from Dean’s throat from tightening when Cas leaned in, his face inches away from Sam’s. Dean knew the squinty-eyed look Cas was giving his brother. He’d seen it before, usually when Cas was buried in a text or was trying to figure out some joke Dean had made. He was studying Sam, trying to figure out what was going on.
Dean took in a shuddery gasp, desperate to pull air back into his lungs. The world was closing in around him and it was smothering him. He was drowning in his own thoughtlessness. He could practically feel water it was so heavy. His chest felt like it was tearing itself apart, threatening to implode as punishment for his arrogance.
“If that’s all you were talking about, I would think saliva would be an adequate substitute, wouldn’t you say?”
The hunt was supposed to be an easy one. Grave robbing with chewed up corpses. Open and shut ghoul case. But, of course, things were never that simple. Not for the Winchesters. It was ghouls, but it turned out there was an entire damn nest of the bastards instead of the more common solitary scavengers. Dean knew he was going to need back up the second he and Sam found the nest on accident while questioning locals, so he called in Cas. What they didn’t know until they were taking out the stragglers was that the sheriff was on the payroll and the dick heads had called the cops while hiding from the hunters.
them to be there, which is why he was looking in the wrong spot. He didn’t want to go back in there.
“I thought nymphs were supposed to be all about parties and orgies! What’s with the livestock slaughter?” he asked, turning to an equally frustrated looking Castiel.
“So Sammy and I were working a case in the middle of bum fuck nowhere in the mountains of West Virginia. Few guys went missing up in the mountains and they were all from the same extended family. I swear to god some of them had six fingers. Anyway, it was a pretty open and shut wendigo case and we got two of the vics out alive. Turned out these fuckers were bootleggers or moonshiners or whatever you wanna call em and the head of the family – super ancient dude with like 5 teeth and a glass eye – insisted he pay us for doing our job.”
“Later,” Castiel smirked. “For now, I think it prudent that we clean up and get dressed. Before Sam and Jack get here.”
“Dean?? Cas?? You two in there?? The snow’s knee-deep out here and the handle’s frozen shut! I can’t get the door open!”
“Yes,” Castiel replied with a wary look. “That’s why it’s so quiet tonight. Sam and your mother took Jack and the children out trick-or-treating with the other parents and everyone else is out celebrating at a local bar.”
“Good, because this one is empty,” Cas slurred as he pulled the jug away from his lips, squinting into the container as if to confirm what he just said.
“You like that, angel?” Dean panted, coming up for air from the kiss. “Like when I tease your nipple? God, you’re so fucking hot. I’ve wanted to do this for so long. You have no idea.”
“Of course not,” Cas protested. “The thought has crossed my mind, but without your permission it seemed too invasive.”
. Dean shook his head and looked forward, trying to push whatever he just felt to the back of his mind.
Dean couldn’t talk about it. There wasn’t much to talk about. He’d made a stupid call and got burned. Again. Saving Jack and Sam and finally getting to ice Lucifer felt right, but the way he did it and what happened because of that was the part he regretted. He should have kept his cool and looked for another way. This wasn’t anything new, though. The ends always felt justified, but the means always made him feel like shit. What set this one apart from every other time was the lack of bouncing back. He was determined to do what he normally did and fake it til he made it. To pretend like there wasn’t a giant hole in his chest slowly sucking the life out of him. But Sam insisted he rest for at least a day just to make sure Michael really hadn’t done any damage and he just couldn’t force himself to get back up.
“Y’know, cause, uh,” Dean bumbled, shrugging off his coat and handing it to Cas to hang up with his on the back of a chair in the kitchenette. “Cause of the thing where… it’s supposed to help people stay warmer or something if they…” Dean swallowed a lump, his throat clicking, “If they’re naked.”
“I’m not the one being pleasured,” Castiel said evenly. Dean sat up all the way, his head spinning and his erection twitching, silently begging for release. Just as Dean opened his mouth to make a smart ass comment, Castiel leaned in towards his pulsing cock and dragged his tongue up the underside of Dean’s shaft, making him let out a guttural moan instead. Dean bit his lip to keep from crying out again as Cas began licking up the pre-cum that dribbled from his tip. The man’s tongue was easily then times more enjoyable than his hand, and as the angel dragged his tongue up the mortal’s hard on again, Dean had to admit that he was enjoying this more than he had ever enjoyed being with a woman.
. Which meant for the first time in what felt like forever, he and Sam weren’t sharing a motel room.
Dean Winchester let out a heavy sigh as he sat down on the single bed, looking around the cheap motel room. He and Sam had checked in about 10 minutes ago. Almost immediately after unpacking his few belongings, the younger Winchester brother announced that he was starving and took the Impala out in search of some late night take out, leaving Dean to his own devices. They currently weren’t working a case, so Dean had no research to do. However, that didn’t stop him from taking some choice reading material and a bottle of lotion out from the bottom of his duffle bag.
“Yes, I believe you are,” He heard Cas say behind him as he opened the door to his room. He didn’t need to look at him to know there was a smile on the angel’s lips.
A pain tore through him that had nothing to do with his hangover, making him crumple back into the bed and curl up on his side. Part of him wondered if he had dreamed the entire thing, a sort of false hope trying to save himself from what he knew was true. Cas had left him. Because of course he had. Everyone left him eventually.
“That must have been strange for you. Usually the people you help are too traumatized to do anything besides thank you,” Castiel said simply before taking another long swig.
Dean swallowed and bit his lip, leaning back in for a kiss. “I might’ve been having a dream about you.”
Dean’s heart stopped cold in his chest as Cas slid the belt out from its loops. He couldn’t move or tear his eyes away as the angel untucked his shirt and began unbuttoning the stiff white fabric, revealing the toned chest that Dean saw far too infrequently for his own tastes. Castiel glanced back up at him, his blue eyes peering bashfully from beneath his voluminous lashes. The eye contact snapped Dean out of his voyeuristic trance and he turned his back to Cas. He reached up with shaking hands and began peeling off his own layers, wondering how he managed to talk his way into this. He’d either have to kick his ass later or buy himself a gift basket.
