"What case against the Hay-Adams Hotel?" Pepper took a calming breath as well, but otherwise didn't hesitate to respond.
"Yeah," she finally said. "The cut was a clean slice with no glass embedded. Not enough to require stitches; just a big ugly band-aid."
"For the moment I think," he said in a scratchy voice. Looking around, he saw that they were the only ones in the foyer. "Where did everyone go?"
another person. So, when he spotted a young S.H.I.E.L.D. agent stepping off the elevator, he was mentally jumping for joy.
"Ways we can talk to Tony and try to keep what happened yesterday from happening again," Lara said. "I still don't think a spontaneous intervention is going to be helpful. At least, not one orchestrated without the help of a mental health professional."
She couldn't remember how Talos found where they were at Project P.E.G.A.S.U.S., why she thought it was a good idea to drag her best friend – a single mother to a ten-year-old girl – into space on a dangerous mission that could have gotten them killed, how exactly they planned to stall the Kree on Earth, and why all common sense left her when she saw that the Skrulls had families. That last thing bothered her the most. Although she knew Talos and his family were good people, something in her gut told her that it wasn't one-sided; that in war, nothing – especially the atrocities – were ever one-sided. Her heart sank the more she thought about it and she held on to the version of events that she could remember clearest like a lifeline, if for any reason, because her own feelings of self-worth depended on it. It was a selfish reason, but one that kept her from spiraling into dangerous behavior. She could not afford that; not now, not ever.
In spite of all of that, it didn't change that she owed these people an explanation. After all, she just flew into their building with little regard for property damage or civilian injuries. Granted, she did think that something serious was happening, but that wasn't an excuse, especially when these people didn't know her at all. For all these people knew, she was a hostile threat and she honestly couldn't blame them for that. It was the natural assumption, after all. So, she needed to explain everything to them; who she was, how she got her powers, how she met Tony. The thing was, though, that not all of those memories were entirely clear to her.
"Since this morning at least," Pepper said. "But I haven't seen him for a few days, so I don't know…" She looked over at Tony expectantly, but he let a couple of beats of silence pass before he spoke up.
Despite its large size, the room became steamy rather fast and moisture clung to about every surface. The room smelled strongly of disinfectant and though the anti-bacterial soaps they had to use claimed to be "scent-free" there was a very distinct smell that stuck to all of them after use. Tony, Clint, and Natasha unanimously agreed that it was "old-person smell" while Steve had no idea what they were talking about.
"Mr. Moss is right," he said. "Although I can advise you as to what to expect, I am unable to press actual criminal charges against Mr. Freeman or anyone else. That would be the job of the District Attorney's office, which you seem to be forgetting."
"That she did," Tony said. "She always did." Steve hummed in agreement and things went silent for a moment. Glancing over at the alarm clock on the bedside table, Tony could see it was 9:15. "Well, I have fifteen minutes until Nurse Buzzkill comes back to make sure I actually get some rest-"
"So, naked guy with anger issues?" Lara looked Bruce up and down as if assessing him. "Eh, I've been to San Diego. Nothing I can't handle."
Who could blame him, though? He grew up in a time where homosexuals were sterilized, lobotomized, and euthanized and, "bisexuality" wasn't even a word in the dictionary yet. For a guy to openly date another guy back then was unheard of. Most relationships that deviated from the sexual norm were carried out in secret; behind closed doors. Gay men would buy prostitutes for the night, then go back to their wife and kids like nothing happened and go back to their picture-perfect lives. That was the reality of Steve's world. Not to mention that he thought he was the only one in the world who felt things for both sexes. So, to think that a man would openly take him out on a date, in front of the eyes of the judgmental public was ridiculous in Steve's mind, especially someone who had dated as many women as Tony. (Oh, yes. The S.H.I.E.L.D. file did include details on every public relationship Tony had. In fact, oddly enough this is where the lines of redacted text were in his file.)
"Well," he said. "I guess we should start with the countertop but be careful. I don't think it's broken, but I can't be sure. Besides, it's heavy and probably a two-person job. So, how about I take one side…"
Tony turned to look back at Steve. His unwillingness to leave and his frustration at being told what to do showed on his face plain as day. Steve felt Tony place his hand on his shoulder.
"No," he said. "To be honest, I don't blame him or Pepper for watching the video. I just wish the video didn't exist at all." Then the lightbulb clicked in his head. "Wait…" Happy's eyes went wide as he caught on to Tony's line of thinking.
Thinking fast, Lara found the gap between the door and the stall and ran her fingers up and down it until she found the lock. She yanked it back and pulled the door open, but unfortunately, that was as far as she made it. The movement was too much for her and she ended up falling. The last thing she could remember was pain blooming across her cheek and chin as she hit the floor, and the distant sound of someone screaming.
Stark nodded before knocking the shot back. He picked up the bottle of apple juice to refill it, only to find it was down to the dregs.
"Thanks, I hadn't noticed," Tony smirked as Steve's cheeks turned the tiniest shade redder. Steve was able to keep a cool face, though, and ignored the comment as he continued to question Tony.
Honestly, Natasha didn't know what to think. She knew Fury had his secrets, but to hide something like this; that there was another powered person out there who could have been an immense help against the Chitauri? What was he? Insane? S.H.I.E.L.D. was partially compromised. Stark had almost died taking that missile up into space. Coulson
"What?" Bruce was trying to keep up with her while he (at least attempted to) neatly fold the dress. Lara was essentially slow running so it's not like she was helping any. "Slow down. Where are you going?"
"What I want to know is what was the deal with that Q&A session?" Tony asked. "Because that wasn't the media, that was the public."
"What are you doing, Mr. Stark?" Fury demanded as he walked into the lab. Tony silently sighed. Relaxation time over.
"Don't get video games, Lara," Bruce said. "We shouldn't be screwing around with the configurations of the hotel's TV. Stick to board games."
"The hotel has a right to their property and the surveillance footage is considered their property," she explained. "We can ask them nicely for it, but if they give it to us there's a chance, we won't give it back. We can tell them we're law enforcement – which we're technically not, but whatever – but without our badges they have no grounds to believe us and even if we have our badges, we need to have ordered from a judge saying that the footage is pertinent to a criminal investigation and it is necessary for the hotel to hand over any potential evidence they have. Hence, why we also need the warrant."
"Well, it's just…" Freeman hesitated a moment. "Don't you think the Avengers would make better allies than enemies?"
With that in mind, he turned back around to face Tony. He was going through a pantry but didn't need to look up to know Steve was watching him.
"I deserve credit for the blow job you gave me which helped you sleep last night?" A half-smile, half-smirk graced Steve's face as he said that.
"Well first, it probably helps to know that I can do this." Carol pointed her fist at a box on top of the dresser and let out a burst of energy. The box fell to the floor a smoldering mess. She smirked at the shocked look on Stark's face. "The short story is that I stood too close to an alien device when it exploded, and it changed my DNA. Now I can do things like that."
"I don't know about that," he said. "But seriously, we do good work and we'd love to have you hear us out sometime. Certainly, under less formal circumstances." Everyone could feel the bite directed at Salinas that went along with those last few words. Salinas shifted slightly uncomfortably on his feet.
"Crystal." Natasha nodded and walked past him. Once Tony shut the glass door that separated the stairway from the lab, Tony said in the lowest tone JARVIS could register, "hey, J, keep an eye on Agent Romanoff and let me know if she tries to take anything."
"Me, too," Tony said. "I mean, the only thing that I know to do is stay away from alcohol and yeah, it's hard, but so far I've managed it. Otherwise, I'm completely clueless and I hate it. I want to make it all go away, but…" Steve pressed his free hand against Tony's cheek.
Walking into the room, Tony was surprised to see Steve staring in the direction of the door like he had been expecting someone to walk through it. Tony shrugged it off and crossed the room to the metal chair he previously occupied and sat down.
Tony didn't immediately respond. Instead, he turned to look around the room. Various doctors were walking around, consulting with each other and monitoring several different screens. Most of them just displayed information – likely Barton's vitals, but Tony didn't want to look closer to confirm it – but the largest screen of them all displayed something different; the live CCTV video of Barton lying in the hospital bed, intubated.
"I'm not going to go insane from trying too hard," he said. "If anything, this day will drive me insane without me even trying at all." Steve gave him a sympathetic look.
Following Hill out into the hallway, Carol was overwhelmed. She hadn't really been paying attention to the noise or what had been going on around her, so she hadn't noticed how crowded the place had become. Almost every bed had been filled and there were even a few people on stretchers waiting to be placed for treatment. Normally, crowds didn't get to Carol, but knowing these people were all there because of her…
"Excuse me, Mr. Freeman," Natasha said. "But I need to know if you've seen Tony Stark this morning."
Carol opened her mouth to fire a retort back at him, but instead, she found herself getting hit by a golden beam. The pain was identical to that she felt before she was pushed down the stairs. Now that she could see what was happening, she learned where it came from; the woman on the left – Alpha, Carol was guessing – was pointing two fingers directly at her. From her fingers emanated a bright gold beam that hit Carol squarely in the chest. Carol raised a fist and fired at her sending her stumbling back.
After he got out of the shower, Tony got another call from Coulson, giving him an address where he and Fury could safely meet. Being mindful of the fact that he and Pepper had a ten AM flight back to Los Angeles, Tony had Happy drive him to the location.
There was something he absolutely could not say she was wrong about, though, and that was the therapy thing. He could admit to himself that he was not doing well. He had even had a conversation with Steve about it the other day and he tried looking up therapists that one time… However, Steve was not the best person to go to regarding issues revolving around mental health, and even Natasha knew that. Also, he could not trust himself to go through with it, so he needed someone else's support. Someone who knew him well enough to help him find the right help, but also that he could trust to hold him accountable when he inevitably messed up. Right off the bat, he could think of two people who fit the bill, and luckily for him, they were just across the hall.
"It wasn't," Betty said. "But never mind that. Other than that character defect, what else do you have in common?"
It was a very drastic understatement of the situation, but it got the point across. Though, she knew that Tony probably wouldn't understand the slang she used. So, just to be on the safe side, she called as well. However, she found she could not get through as when she dialed his number, she just got a busy signal in response.
After opening a letter containing powdered Ebola and H5N1, Clint has become infected with both diseases while Steve, Tony, and Natasha have been cleared. It's time to get things moving!
Tony shut his eyes and took a deep breath in. Steve let go of his hand so he could place it on his shoulder. Tony slowly smiled as he opened his eyes again.
Once the doctor finished explaining everything, Stane asked if there was any reason he legally needed to be there. The word "no" did not even finish coming out of the doctor's mouth before Stane turned on his heel, grumbling about wasted money. Rhodey just hoped no one asked him about the tapes before he made it off the premises.
"Sorry," he said. "Just checking to make sure you're okay. You feel very warm." Looking out the window, Tony could see that the sun was barely beginning to rise.
"Okay." Tony raised his hands to charge up the repulors and fired. The blasts were immediately blocked by a light blue iridescent shield, obviously being powered by the Tesseract. The force of the collision knocked Selvig to the floor and Tony back a few feet. From the ground, he could hear the few onlookers that hadn't yet evacuated give out gasps of surprise.
They stood there for a few minutes, just enjoying the embrace. However, eventually, Tony felt compelled to pull back.
"No problem," Steve said. "But really Tony, you should get back to bed. If you strain yourself too much, you're just going to make it worse."
"Are you awake now, Sir?" Almost immediately what Tony told JARVIS the day of the robbery came flooding back to him.
"No, it fucking has to be," he said. "Because I don't see any other way, I could've let this happen."
Alright, he would agree that was an overstatement, but he really did feel like a bad person. As far as he was concerned, Peggy had been gone for two seconds and he already felt attracted to someone else. What made it worse was that this person was Howard Stark's (an alive, vibrant person the same age as him two days ago but was now a dead man with a thirty-something-year-old) son. If that wasn't six different kinds of messed-up, he didn't know what was.
Marx nodded. Charles threw his head back. He tried to think of some way he could try to communicate with this thing, but he kept drawing a blank. Then, another question came to him.
"Thanks for the offer," Stark said. "But I'd sooner take mental health advice from Elron Hubbard himself."
"Apology accepted." A bittersweet smile appeared on her face for half a second, but it quickly straightened itself out. "I also feel I should apologize for saying that to you in the first place."
A Secret Serviceman met with them and led them through the halls of the Capitol Building to their seats in the House Chamber. Steve took the first seat and Tony sat next to him with Romanoff, Barton, Bruce, and Lara following suit. It then became apparent that Freeman was no longer with them. Tony looked back to see if he had gotten caught up in the crowd and spotted him shaking hands with Congressman Salinas. Tony looked back and sighed. They didn't need him anyways.
"I'm just going to get a bowl or pot or something from the kitchen," Steve said. "I'll be right back." He pressed a kiss to Tony's cheek before turning and walking out of the room.
"The one where someone we know is hurt or in trouble and you can't tell us anything because of 'spy stuff.'" The lower lid of Hill's eye twitched a bit. Lara took some pride in that. "If it's an issue of secrecy…" She turned and took three steps over to the first door she saw and opened it. "Entrez."
"You're going to the hospital," Steve said. "Do you want me to stay here or have S.H.I.E.L.D. come pick me up?"
Once he met Peggy, however, things changed. He fell in love with her and only had eyes for her. He was going to go on a date with her. Once or twice he even imaged having a life with her after the war.
Turning around, Clint sat back down on the spot on the tile floor he had been occupying before. Pulling the laptop up into his lap, he gave Laura a full view of the puppy.
"I've just noticed you've been quicker to make decisions," she said. "Like you're just going with whatever pops into your mind first."
"No," Rhodey said. "It just means you like seeing children mutilated and forced to preform for the entertainment of others."
"Not you," Natasha said. "If it comes down to it, S.H.I.E.L.D. can cover the expense of our delay. If they don't want to pay for your room, you can room with me."
"No." Natasha tilted her head and raised an eyebrow. Steve stood his ground. "Tony's going to get himself hurt or killed if he tries to fight anyone in his condition."
Tony bumped against the glass a bit as he tried to push open the glass door separating the foyer from the hallway open. Trying to push the bar down, he found that it had give, but he couldn't open it. The door was locked.
"Listen, none of you can sit this one out," he said. "I'm telling you as your public relations agent; it will do nothing but damage your reputations if you don't attend the State of the Union. I don't care if you're sick. I don't care if you're hurt. I don't care if you're
Tony had to admit, it was weird to be in a room alone with Pepper since… Well, since the day after the incident at the Expo. When Vanko had triggered the self-destruct sequence, Pepper had been standing right next to one of the Hammer-bots. However, Tony had swooped in just in time and saved her. Then they shouted at each other, then they kissed…
Tony Stark. Stark Industries? Stark Expo? The Tony Stark gay sex tape?" Carol shook her head. "He threw a nuke into space. You had to have heard about that."
"7:30, 7:45," Tony guessed. That meant that Steve had slept for almost four hours. He cursed internally.
Tony didn't even bother to look at the message before switching the phone to silent. When he looked back up Thor was making some point to Fury.
I need to stop writing these author's notes when I first wake up. Seriously, my head is empty right now and I don't have anything meaningful to say.
"What?" Lara's attention went to the counter, where she could see Bruce was sitting. On the countertop in front of him, she could see that he was having a breakfast of coffee and toast with jelly on it. He also had several papers splayed out in front of him. Curious, Lara stepped closer to see what he was doing.
"I don't think so," he said. "You and I need to talk. …Again." Natasha was clearly trying her best not to look annoyed.
Because Stark Industries was still headquartered in Malibu for all intents and purposes (which Tony was still working on changing,) the board of directors still largely resided and met in that city, leaving Tony and Pepper no choice but to teleconference with them. While Tony technically had the technology to make the teleconference a holoconference, there were still some lag problems and bugs to work out, so he hadn't made it standard across SI yet, leaving them only with good old-fashioned video calling to work with. That was not a problem. In fact, it just served to add even more distance to the call as far as Tony was concerned. More distance could only be a good thing here, right?
"That won't be necessary, ma'am." Carol had never been happier to see Nick Fury and Maria Hill than she was in that moment. Fury's naturally imposing figure had Amanda shrinking back a bit. Somehow, though, she was still brave enough to speak.
There was one drawback to this method of transmission, however, and that was that it took a long time for these videos to be passed along. Today, video can be passed along instantly with just the push of a button. In 1995, the tapes had to be physically passed from person to person. So, it took a while for these things to gain traction. Once they did, though, the destruction that could be done to one's reputation could be just as devastating.
Why do I have the Black Eyed Peas stuck in my head when most of the inspiration for this chapter came from listening to Ed Sheeran? I don't think I'll ever know the answer to that. Anyway, happy first day of Fall, everyone! I hope you enjoyed this chapter and I hope you enjoy the equinox as much as I do! (Fall is my favorite season!)
– but because he had lived for years being told that wanting that with a man was wrong; that openly dating a man was wrong. It scared him, and now on top of that he was starting to worry that Tony was afraid he did not love him because he would not openly date him, which was untrue. He was simply scared.
"Stark tower?" Steve questioned. "That big, ugly…" Tony shot Steve a look. "Building in New York?" That was the best save he could come up with.
"Come in," Adoniram called. The door opened, and a short, redheaded woman stepped in. "To what do I owe the pleasure, Sister Grace?"
Unfortunately, the former ended up happening first. The voice of anchor Rosaleen Abraham came over the speakers, notifying viewers that their regularly scheduled programing was being interrupted for a "breaking news alert." Lara took that as her signal to sit up and pay attention to the screen.
Digging his fingers into the ground underneath him, Loki could feel that he was lying on a dry, almost sandy surface. He tried to lift his arm to get a gauge of the gravity of whatever he was on, but when he tried, he felt pain shoot up his arm and radiating up and down his spinal column. Whatever this place was, it had a strong force of gravity. The only way he could have sustained such painful injuries would be if he fell from a great height and impacted hard enough with the ground to break several bones, but not kill him. All useful clues in narrowing down his location.
"A lot, actually." Duran pulled out the bogus Homeland Security badge her overseers had provided her with. "My name is Agent Jenifer Duran. I'm with the Department of… Hey!"
The People's Unity Church didn't come to preach at Avengers Tower every day. They tried to keep it random so that the police and the building's security personnel couldn't anticipate them coming. A few times security did manage to stop them from coming in, but for the most part, the Church members had become masters of sneaking into and out of the building. Usually, they wouldn't know the Church was there until they had already started their sermon for the day. That certainly increased frustrations.
"At ease, Captain," Fury said as he saw Carol's raised fist. "We come in peace." Carol lowered her fist and let out a breath of relief.
"It's a possibility," Rawls admitted. "There are other possibilities such as an autoimmune disorder, leukemia, blood disorder, but most commonly these symptoms are an indicator of an HIV infection, which is why I have to ask when the last time was you were tested for HIV/AIDS, Mr. Stark?"
Immediately a wave of anger and concern came over Natasha. About eighty different questions ran through her mind. What happened? Where's Clint? Is he hurt? Is he safe? Are Laura and the kids safe? Has the farm been compromised as well? However, before she could ask she had one little issue she needed to deal with. Turning her harsh glare on the boss and the lackeys.
to take it off of him. He let it go quickly, though, seeing as he probably did not have time to change clothes and take care of any ramifications that came with fantasizing about Tony. There was a flaming space captain waiting downstairs, after all.
"Good morning," Tony reciprocated as he leaned in to take that quick kiss. He could feel Steve's smile against his lips.
"I didn't start feeling bad until I stood up," he said. "It's probably just from being inactive for so long." That made sense. Natasha sighed as she sat down on the edge of the bed.
"I was what struck the Tower," Carol said plainly, leaving no room for misinterpretation. The gears instantly clicked behind his eyes and he jolted a little from the shock.
"I don't have a private life," Tony explained. "Not really. The press follows me everywhere I go. I wouldn't be surprised if they were waiting outside the building right at this very moment for me to come out just so they could get their headlines and cover photos."
"Ma, she bit Steve!" Bucky held up his friend's bleeding hand as proof. Mrs. Barnes let out a sharp gasp and Steve's mother got to her feet.
Thanks to mfaerie32, Star, and the anon for reviewing on FFN and Zefirka1107 for the kudos on AO3! You guys rock!
Getting up out of bed, Lara turned the TV on to ABC Channel 7. As she expected, there was an extensive report about the events at Avengers Tower the previous day. Nothing new was reported except that Stark Industries was scheduled to give a statement to the media at eight AM. That caught her attention. She quickly glanced at her phone to see if Pepper texted her anything but found nothing. Lara sighed and forced herself to dismiss it as Pepper just being too busy to get back to her. Hopefully, that would be the case. The alternatives would just serve to keep her up for much longer.
"Don't," Natasha said sharply. "Don't do that to yourself, Clint. This is Loki. This is monsters and magic, and nothing we were ever trained for."
"Come on, Clint," she said. "You honestly can't stand there and tell me you don't find her the least bit suspicious." Clint folded his arms in front of him.
After his nap, Bruce went about his usual business. He worked on his research in his office and pet the puppy whenever he started getting whiney. Eventually, he made himself dinner and took the dog for a walk outside (careful to give the gathered reporters a wide berth.) When he came back, he went to his office to see if he could get some more work done before he went to bed.
"Isolation?" Tony looked around to see Romanoff holding Steve back with a heavy grip on his shoulder. From the way her hand twitched, it was clear that she was having trouble. "Is that really necessary?"
"Last night, you asked me if I was afraid," he said. "Well, I am afraid. I'm afraid for you, I'm afraid for me, I'm afraid for our relationship…"
"Of course," Oswin said. "If you search for someone online, you can find their social media profiles, bank records, public documents…"
They gathered in the Gantry Plaza State Park in Queens, and patiently awaited whatever tragedy was to come. Outside of a few police sirens and seeing Iron Man fly by at least once, nothing seemed to be happening. Many of the followers stood around looking rather bored and sweaty in the heavy white robes they were wearing. Most had abandoned the hot concrete lookout at which Adoniram was standing in favor of the shade of nearby trees. Margot remained by his side, though she did start fanning herself with a folded-up brochure she'd somehow acquired.
"Captain Rogers just woke up," Fury said. "He needs to be looked over by a doctor before he has any visitors."
"Because he's a dog," he said. "The rules for naming people are a little bit different, but for dogs you've got to stick to the traditional boy-girl names." Lila frowned in disappointment at her rejection, but at the same time Cooper seemed to recover from his.
"No," the blonde girl said. "Most of the diplomats I protected were either married, celibate, or a combination of both. Sure, a few bought prostitutes, but they were usually pretty good about skedaddling once the hour was up."
"Did she tell you anything about her past?" Natasha asked. "How she got her powers?" Tony bit his lip.
"You and Tony were fighting," Bruce said. "I know that. We could hear you in the hallway. Then you guys left and when you came back you were crying and locked yourself in the bathroom."
Easier said than done. There was nothing happening. Even when Tony increased the video speed hoping to get a glimpse of something, nothing happened. Watching paint dry was more entertaining. He was beginning to think that the video file had somehow been tampered with to cover up the robbery. Then, something he didn't expect happened.
"Oh, a huge difference," Bruce said. "Gamma rays have a shorter wavelength and are more powerful than vita-rays. Just to give you an idea, vita rays can't penetrate anything thicker than a heavy-duty sheet of plastic or vinyl. The only thing that can stop gamma rays is thick layers of concrete and lead."
"You could never," Tony said. "I care about you too much to make you do something you're not ready for." He felt Steve hug him back.
Before anyone could say anything else, a low bang could be heard in the distance and the source couldn't be determined before the room started shaking. Instantly, Pepper crouched down onto the floor, holding on to the couch for support while Happy looked ready to throw his body over hers to shield her from any debris should the ceiling collapse. Steve jumped to his feet and locked eyes with Rhodey, who looked about ready to do the same. However, he had the sense not to move until the shaking stopped, which it did a moment later.
"We believe that the Super Soldier Serum in his system kept him alive and the ice preserved him in a cryostasis-like state," she explained. "However, we know nothing about his physiology, let alone how much the Serum affected it. That's what's caused us to hit a snag on how to revive him. We've been treating him for hypothermia and so far, he's remained stable, but we don't know what drugs to administer or avoid. If we accidentally gave him something that would interact poorly with the Serum or his advanced systems couldn't process, we'd kill him."
"If you're not going to help me out here, you're going to give me no choice but to heft you into a fireman's carry." Jessica let out an annoyed grumble.
Instantly he let go of the shard. Amazingly, he didn't drop it or the disc and managed to slide it shut. Charles looked around as he tried to catch his breath. Ash was still raining down from the sky. As far as he could tell, no other mysterious objects had fallen nearby. Quickly, he shoved the disc into his pocket and took off in a full sprint back towards the university. He didn't know what it was or what he had just experienced, but he knew he needed to get back to his dorm before people came, asking questions.
"Oh, it was just terrible!" Steve could see his mother lift a napkin to her face to wipe away a few tears. "I could barely believe it myself! It was the most horrific thing I have ever seen! There were more patients than beds! Children were covered in filth! It was just…" she broke down into a fit of sobs. Mrs. Barnes put a comforting hand on her shoulder.
"It's wonderful now that you're here." Tony pulled Steve back down for another kiss while Lara gave out a groan of mock-disgust.
"I'm always going to worry." A smile tugged at the corners of her lips. "Having you and the kids, though, makes it worth it."
Tony shut his eyes and took a deep breath. He didn't want to fight with Pepper any more than she wanted to fight with him. So, he did her the courtesy of trying to calm himself down before he tried talking to her, especially since she didn't deserve to have all his frustration at Freeman dumped on her. Once he felt calm enough, he opened his eyes and looked at her.
"That's very chivalrous of you," he remarked. "But I think it's important for you to know and understand the story behind that."
Steve looked down at the sleeping man in his arms and pressed a kiss to his forehead. Again, Tony muttered something but didn't otherwise stir as Steve reluctantly slipped out of the space beside him. He followed Natasha out the door and gently shut it behind him. He quickly spotted Bruce, Lara, and Clint already sitting in the living area. He raised his eyebrows.
Despite that, it was clear that the recording had not suddenly stopped as distorted audio could still be heard. Brief glimpses of light showed that the camera's lens had been covered by the man's gloved hand. Rhodey questioned what he was doing until the man slowly started pulling his hand out of the way, replacing it with the vent cover. He struggled to balance it and place it in a position where the lens was able to view the scene below through the slats, but eventually somehow, he managed it. Once he had everything lined in position, the man produced a screwdriver from his belt and put the bolts back into place. After that, he got down off the bed and stepped out of frame, leaving Rhodey feeling concerned.
"Uh, thank you," Romanoff said, still clearly shocked. She instantly pulled out her phone and presumably began searching for the video herself.
Lara couldn't suppress her yawn as she stepped out of the subway. She was dead tired. Only getting two hours of sleep tended to do that to a person. Unfortunately, this time she didn't have PTSD, an addiction to
Special thanks to mfaerie32 on FFN for the review and DiveTooDeep on AO3 for the comment! It really means a lot! :)
Remember kids, even if the author really REALLY doesn't have the will to live, it's still not an excuse to come to her house and murder her.
A high-pitched shrill whining cut Loki off from that train of thought. Once the whining stopped he couldn't remember what he'd been thinking about, but he was suddenly filled with rage over Thor's would-be king remark.
"Wait," he exclaimed just as Karl Marx was about to open his mouth. Marx looked at him then as if surprised. Charles found himself to be surprised as well, but quickly got over it and tried saying more. "That… The information you keep overloading me with, is that how you speak?" That was the first thing Charles thought to ask. Marx's mouth began to open, and Charles was quick to cut him off. "Just nod for yes and shake your head for no." Marx looked at him with a perplexed expression for a few moments, but eventually nodded. Charles let out a breath of relief. That was good to know. "Alright. I'll just keep my questions to simple yes or no answers. Does that work for you?"
"Look, if the box really is too small, I can find another one!" Knežević climbed out of the box and started chasing after her. "We can be neighbors! I'll stay in the refrigerator box and we'll find another one for you! It'll be like a sitcom! I'll be the conservative family man who's too afraid to change my ways and you'll be my annoying progressive liberal feminist next-door neighbor! It'll be great! I'm sure we could get a good season or two on Fox before they inexplicably cancel us!"
"She's enhanced," Fury quickly explained. "Her DNA has been modified in ways we can't begin to understand."
They had been at the party for a little over an hour at that point. They had walked around, schmoozing and mingling as they were supposed to and eventually, they all had decided to take a break to sit down and enjoy some of the appetizers the servers were handing out. Tony couldn't remember what it was they were serving since he ate his already, but the others seemed to be enjoying whatever it was. So, he just shrugged and started to pick up his glass again.
He had just TKO'ed another punching bag and was in the process of hanging up another one when Fury made his presence known.
Clint was suddenly more grateful that he did not make that Lila comment. Natasha, meanwhile, let out a frustrated sigh before retreating into her room. She made no effort to try to close the door again, nor did she tell them to go away or leave her alone, so Clint took it as a cue that it was okay to come inside as long as they gave her space. He gestured for Bruce to follow him before stepping inside himself.
"I know," she said. "Beautiful right? That thing will surely fetch a pretty penny on the black market." She then gently took the necklace back from him and stuffed it back into the pocket of her shorts. "Hey, would you mind grabbing me another one of these? I'm kind of in a celebrating mood."
"I can't believe this," Tony's voice echoed of the tile walls. "I just got over being poisoned, only to get poisoned again! If this is someone's sick idea of a joke, I'm not laughing!"
Steve sat at a table at a café in Midtown. It was just down the street from where Stark Tower was being built. He still hadn't heard back from Tony, he was just trying to kill some time. It turned out, that wasn't the best idea in the world. The whole way there he just felt nothing but depressed. Part of it being how much everything had changed, the other part is how lonely he felt. He kept checking his phone to see if Tony had texted him back. No such luck. So, Steve tried busying himself with something that he loved (or at least used to.) Given that he had a great view of the tower from where he was sitting he started to sketch it on the back of the paper placemat the café had provided him. It didn't distract him as much as he'd like, but it was something.
"Yes," Tony said. "Yes, I do." He gave Steve's hand another squeeze, but it was not as hard as before. Steve turned and gave Tony the most reassuring look he could manage. Tony momentarily flashed an appreciative smile, before turning his attention to the rest of the group. "Well, the plan is that I'm going to do out-patient therapy. That way, I can still be Iron Man, work with you guys as part of the Avengers, and do my work for SI. At least, that's what the hope is."
"To you," Jessica said. "But trust me, this man means the difference between life and death for Earth and every creature on it."
With their home planet having been taken over by the disease, Tarquan and the remaining Raël searched for a new planet to settle upon. At first, they had sought help from Xandar, however they claimed that no unpopulated life-sustaining planets were available at that time. They offered to settle them on a planet under Xandarian rule but the Raël rejected the offer. They just wanted to live quietly and in peace as they always had, not to be caught up in Xandarian politics and conflict. It was a big universe with plenty of planets to choose from. They'd find the right one, even if it took a while.
"Can't get my mind to turn off," Tony said. "I mean, I'm not really thinking about anything at all, other than how much I want to sleep, but still my brain won't switch off."
"Can we not do this now?" Pepper didn't look at Tony. "We're going to be out there in less than one minute and the last thing I need right now is to be upset with you."
"He's stable," she said. "According to Dr. Wayne, he's slowly stopped deteriorating, but he hasn't been improving either. Only time will tell. He's not the one you should be worried about, though."
"You are helping me," he said. "Just by being here, you're helping me." Steve looked down, slightly frowning.
"No," Tony said. "I'll be fine. I don't need to see any doctors. Unless one of their names happens to be McDreamy. Then I'm all for it."
"And you would get what in return?" The obvious came to Loki's mind, but he didn't dare say it aloud.
"Both you and Mr. Stark have one-hundred percent confirmed alibis," Duran said. "You're not considered suspects at this time. You're free to go about your business as usual. I'll be sure to keep you in the loop."
Things were quiet for a while. Tony felt the need to fill the silence but wasn't sure what to say. Despite that, he still thought it would be a good idea to say something. They said that coma patients could hear everything that happened while they were sleeping and in Steve's case that might be doubly true given that he was showing signs of waking up. So, Tony started talking in hopes that it would rouse the other man from his slumber.
Hence, why it had never been tried before, or at least that was known of. Conspiracy theory sites often claimed that the USSR and the KGB were looking into such technologies during the Cold War – and it certainly was plausible given their history or conducting experiments with little regard to the subject's physical or mental health (ex. Pavlov's orphan experiments) – but it was a little hard to take those claims seriously when the same websites also claimed that the Earth was flat and there was a global conspiracy to make everyone believe it is round. Also, organizations such as the CIA and S.H.I.E.L.D. found little evidence to support those claims. If they had found evidence of them, though, it would've made their jobs much easier as they tried to revive Captain Rogers from his ice-induced coma.
"Well, I'm here now." Steve went to Tony's side and clasped his hand tightly between both of his. "No need to worry. I'm here, I'm safe, and I've got you." He noticed several S.H.I.E.L.D. personnel raise their eyebrows at the interaction, but Steve chose to ignore it. Natasha had explained to him that almost all S.H.I.E.L.D. operatives had gone "gay for pay" (had sex with someone of the same gender to gain intel and/or trust that would prove crucial to an operation's success) at least once. Herself and Clint had been included in that. If anyone had a problem with him and Tony being gay, then they were being horrible hypocrites and probably deserved to get their asses kicked. Granted, Steve didn't think this same principal probably applied to the less-espionage-oriented parts of S.H.I.E.L.D., like their medical team, but at the same time it was nice to know that if the organization ever decided to lock him and Tony up for their sexualities, they had at least two people who would have their backs, ready to stage a mutiny and a breakout if it came to that, and yes, that was how they phrased it.
"Holy shit," he muttered to himself. If the first floor was this bad, he wasn't sure he wanted to see the others. However, he needed to get downstairs fast. He needed to make sure no one had taken or trashed his armor.
"Really?" he said. "And I'm supposed to believe that?" Yes, Natasha understood how absurd it sounded, but she did not let that to affect her resolve.
"No," Smith said firmly. "First, you're going to get your ass back into that bed and let me do what I need to do. Then, I'll tell you what I know." Tony swallowed hard. The fiery look in her eyes made him not want to argue, so he did as she said and got back into bed.
"Uh, a little help?" She swerved to dodge another blast and increased her speed. Loki was getting way too close for her liking.
The first place Steve headed for was the bar in the back of the room. He asked the bartender if he'd seen Tony (and was momentarily thankful for his boyfriend's celebrity status as it made searching for him so much easier. All he'd have to ask was "have you seen Tony Stark?" Anyone would automatically know who he was talking about.) The bartended had in fact seen Tony and confessed to making him a drink. In his defense, it wasn't made clear to him that Tony was already drunk until after he had already served him. After ordering his drink, Tony had spotted someone he recognized and took off in their direction. The bartender promised Steve that if Tony came back, he wouldn't serve him. Steve gave the man a grateful thanks before going off in the direction that Tony was last seen going.
"Well, performance issues," Tony said. "It's not uncommon. One out of five…" Before he could finish that, Loki grabbed him tightly around the throat and flung him across the room. Tony hit the floor with a little grunt. "JARVIS, anytime now." He tried to get up but Loki seized him by the throat again.
"See you tomorrow." After that, the door to Tony's room shut and he was left alone. Sighing, he rolled to his side and grabbed his phone off the nightstand beside him. Tapping the screen, he was inevitably disappointed. No new calls or messages. He set the phone back down on the nightstand, rolled to the opposite side of the bed, and buried his face in the pillow.
"Good," Lara said. "Although what surprised me most was that they barely went after Steve." Tony shrugged.
Remember kids, you don't need to take it. If you are in the US and need help escaping an abusive situation, please call the National Domestic Violence Hotline at 1-800-799-SAFE or 1-800-799-7233.
In addition to picking out his pajamas for him, Steve had also done the courtesy of bringing Tony his father's robe. Like the rest of his pajamas, it too was freshly laundered and still slightly warm. Tony took his sweet time putting it on. He wasn't sure why he took the robe after his father died. There wasn't any special sentimentality attached to it and he had been so angry at the time that he had gotten rid of most of Howard's personal items out of spite, but he kept the robe. More than that, he wore it around and even occasionally slept in it. Tony wasn't sure what that said about him. Sigmund Freud would probably have a field day with it (as well as his other "Howard issues") but honestly, he didn't want to look deeper into it. He was already due in for a lot of that in the morning anyway.
"I know," she said. "I get that more than anybody, but it's not worth putting yourself and others at that serious of a risk for. People could have gotten hurt.
"That's not 'just a cold,'" she said. "You were completely out of breath. Do you feel okay? Does your chest hurt?"
"This one." Steve took the file from her and flipped to the page that contained the line in brackets "redacted at the request of Mr. Stark." Looking over the paragraphs that proceeded and followed the line of text, Natasha kept an unreadable expression on her face. So, Steve was noticeably shocked when she spoke up.
"Who?" Sharpton let out a piercing cry at the demand, but other more helpful sounds quickly followed it.
A very drunk Tony wandered out of the hotel in search of more alcohol, only to be found by Congressman Eduardo Salinas. Salinas took Tony back to his house to recover, however, Salinas' maid has just informed him that the water he was drinking was poisoned and he has fifteen minutes to live!
"Well, you shouldn't have called my boyfriend a lazy-ass." Lara's expression soured, but Steve remained non-pulsed as he walked over to Tony and bent over to give him a kiss. "Good morning, honey." Tony smiled.
Meanwhile, Tony did not know how to cook at all. He was never taught how when he was younger and did not bother to learn once he was older, seeing as he had enough money to pay someone to make his food for him. He tried to make an omelet once, but all he did nearly burn the plane he was on down and presented Pepper with a completely charred egg-triangle. So, he was off the cooking rotation completely.
They mostly discussed his alcoholism and the incident that happened in D.C. Tony wasn't keen on discussing much else – at least right then – and Cranston seemed to pick up on that. All things considered; the session seemed to be going well.
"I guess so," Bruce said. "I mean, the total amount of time we've all known each other probably only tallies up to about a week, but we did save the world together, so that has to account for something."
"I know it's not going to be alright," Rhodey said. "We don't live in a world where it can be alright. I can't fix that, but I need you to stay in this world with us, because otherwise things will never be alright again."
"Speaking." Tony's voice sounded much more rough and tired than Steve remembered. However, he felt reassured by how his tone went up as soon as he heard Steve's voice. Almost as if he was smiling. "Is this Steve Rogers?"
"No," he said. "Just didn't taste like what I was expecting." Tony took another bite of his burger and didn't taste anything wrong with it.
"Right, right," Tony agreed. He took a deep breath, and then a step forward into Steve's arms, wrapping his arms around his waist. "This helps." Steve stifled a chuckle before wrapping one arm around Tony's waist and bringing the other one up, so he could run his fingers through Tony's hair.
"How'd they do it?" Clint couldn't help but notice that the tiniest bit of excitement tinged Stark's voice.
"The chemical engineering labs, sometime over the weekend." Tony nodded even though Pepper couldn't see it, and mentally ran through a list of things valuable enough to warrant stealing. "Don't have any word on the how, though."
He tried to figure out what to say as Pepper got up and rounded her desk to approach him. The only thing he could think of was "I know we're kind of fighting and avoiding a certain issue right now, but can we just not talk about it and can you help me to avoid dealing with another issue entirely?" Yeah, he had a feeling that would not fly with Pepper, especially with the concerned look she was sporting.
"Well, I was hoping you could help me by telling me what your people found on the surveillance video, Agent Bergeron." A frown came across his face.
"Yeah," Tony said. "I can agree to disagree, though, and I won't try to stop you." The look on Pepper's face perfectly encapsulated the surprise Tony was feeling inside.
It went on like that for another twenty minutes. Occasionally, there were statements that Lara would disagree with, but she mostly found herself agreeing. It was weird, though. The statements were very vague and when she thought about it, they could apply to anyone. It served to add to the ever-growing feeling that something wasn't right. Eventually, Carl finished the assessment and was able to conclude it right then and there.
were the only ones that existed in her mind. That came to an end when the curtain was once again pulled back, this time revealing two familiar faces.
"Ah, yes," Dr. Fox said. "We've placed modified heat packs all around your body to warm you up. That's the weight and the heat you're feeling, but you'd probably be having a hard time lifting your arms anyway. We've given you a rather large dose of valium, so you're not at your full strength right now."
Yes, Tony was just now getting to installing Carol's frequency on his phone. It had slipped his mind with everything that had happened, and he had only remembered that morning when he incidentally stumbled upon the stationary Carol had written it down on. Remembering what she said about not wanting to miss the party next time, he figured he should enter the frequency into JARVIS' database sooner rather than later.
"I know that a blood-alcohol of one point oh-two six is certainly pushing the limits." Stark's eyes went wide.
While Mrs. Barnes lectured her daughter about why it was wrong and impolite to bite people, Steve's mom led her son to the Barnes' bathroom to tend to his wounds. Bucky followed close behind and the two boys explained what happened outside.
"That's excellent," he said. "Go ahead, take the day off. It's perfectly fine." Lara narrowed her eyes.
"You people are so petty," the Blonde God remarked. "And tiny." That made Tony take notice of something he hadn't before. Everything looked like it was being filtered through a wide angled lens and everything sounded much sharper, louder, then it was supposed to. He shut his eyes in hopes that it would bring everything back into proper focus. Damn sleep deprivation.
Afterward, Hill had told them that they were free to go about their business and that she was going down to the lobby to wait for Fury and Tony. Again, Steve didn't want to fall asleep, but he was just too exhausted both physically and emotionally. He needed some form of rest.
"I'm telling the truth!" Natasha stood up, grabbing the knife and rounding the table to the other side. She stood still until Sharpton was forced to look up at her.
"A bit." Glancing to his right, Tony saw that Rhodey had picked the pen up off the floor. Leaning forward, Tony took the item back from his friend with a soft "thank you" before relaxing into the cushions again. At the same time, he slipped his left hand into Steve's right.
"No," Lara answered for Natasha before she was even able to get a proper word out. "It's just her Tony wants doing thing; or Bruce, but not you or Clint." Steve furrowed his brow.
"Really?" His disbelief carried through his tone. "What are you, a master of disguise now? Did you camouflage yourself with the nearest potted plant? Turned yourself invisible?"
A pang of guilt ran through Tony as he watched Steve rush out of the room. He shouldn't have said anything, that much was clear, but Steve had been very apparently distressed. He didn't mean to push him. He just didn't want to see him that upset.
"Of course, I am," Tony said. "Like I said, I can't just take this lying down. That guy is out there
behaving, which seemed extremely odd given that less than twenty minutes ago he was blowing up cars and demanding that everyone kneel before him. Yes, they had cornered him and put him in a bad spot, but Steve would have thought that once they had Loki secluded from the public, he'd attempt to do whatever he could to escape. Instead, he seemed to be willingly cooperating and that just put a bad feeling in Steve's gut. Unable to handle those concerns on top of everything else he was already worried about, Steve turned to look at Tony. It only made one situation worse, but if he got his other worries off his chest, it might serve to make himself feel a little better.
"Emily! Are you awake yet?" Hearing Salinas shout the alias she had given him had taken Jessica by surprise. He wasn't supposed to be there. Nonetheless, Jessica responded as she was supposed to.
"We're headed back to Avengers Tower," she said. "The CDC cleared it, so it's safe to go back inside."
Unfortunately, Dante wasn't willing to let her go so easily. He followed her out into the hallway and grabbed her wrist at the top of the stairs. Instinctively, Lara pulled her wrist back and struck him across the face,
Gently, he ran his fingers through Steve's hair. He heard him give what sounded like a little – and completely adorable – squeak of pleasure in his sleep, but otherwise, Steve still didn't stir. Tony's smile grew wider as he entangled his fingers in Steve's hair further.
"Right ho!" Thor lifted Mjolnir and pointed the hammer towards the cockpit. "Set forth, metal sky bird and bring us nothing but safe tidings on our journey to this S.H.I.E.L.D." Thor set his hammer down rather gently on the seat next to him. Loki rolled his eyes at his brother while everyone else just stared.
"Well, Lorraine," he said. "It seems you've left me with no other choice. He lunged forward and grabbed her exposed forearm. She palmed him on the nose to knock him back but little did she know, it was already too late. Once she got away from him, she noticed that her entire left arm was covered in stone and it was spreading to her body. All she could do was scream while Knežević watched with a smirk on his face. "You have no idea how long I've waited for this. My only regret is that I'm taking away one of the few minds in this world that still remembers Joyce."
"I am going to be gone the whole day," he said. "I was originally planning on working from home all day, so no one will probably notice that I'm not at work. I want you to go to the office and do everything you're supposed to do from your desk. If anyone does come asking for me, just tell them I'm unavailable. Unless it's Pepper. If she asks for me, tell her to call me."
"Oh, stop it," she said. "You sound like my brothers." Within seconds of those words coming out of her mouth, a warm look of shocked awe crossed Carol's face. Tony's brow furrowed in concern.
"Yeah," Tony said. "I think I'd be more likely to throw up if I suddenly started smelling a chem lab fire. …But thanks for the heads up." The last part added quietly, but Bruce still heard it and nodded in acknowledgment.
"I just found the bottle on the floor of my bathroom," he said. "Someone must have dropped it at a party or something…" Rhodey did not exactly look convinced, so Tony let out a noise of frustration. "Look, I don't know what to tell you. That's the best answer I've got."
As for Steve, Tony, and Bruce, well, they had their work cut out for them. The tower was wrecked to the point where it was barely habitable, New York was left in ruins, and they all had to deal with the fact that the universe was a lot larger than they ever could have imagined. However, the three of them were still dedicated to at least cleaning up the mess they created, if not outright fix it, so at least they had a starting point. With Steve leading the way on his motorcycle, Tony and Bruce followed closely behind in Tony's sportscar, cutting their way through the empty city streets to their destination.
He told his followers that the Avengers were demons; monsters sent from across the galaxy to thwart their eternal day of reckoning; to prevent them from beginning the next phase of their cosmic journey. At first, he worried that his followers wouldn't believe it, but they ate the words up like ants with a glob of jelly. Not only did they take to that message, but others did as well. Recruitment went up to levels he had never seen before. There were a lot of people who weren't happy about what the Avengers did, particularly those who had lost people that day in Manhattan. With all that bias and grief fresh in their minds, it was easy to twist them and to manipulate them into following their teachings. Within a few weeks, the church went from struggling to healthier than ever. Adoniram almost couldn't believe it.
Although, another saying also applied to that task; "easier said than done." Tony didn't install the bar himself. He had paid a guy to do it for him. Because of that, he didn't know exactly how it was put together and therefore he didn't know exactly how to take it apart. However, it wasn't like that was a problem. He didn't really care if he broke something or tore it apart – after all he still had the sledgehammer as an option – but not knowing exactly what he was doing would slow the process significantly and that was a bit annoying. Tony cold be a patient man, but right now he didn't want to waste time. He just wanted it done.
"No," Carol said. "You're here because you made the safe and healthy choice. You can do it. You just need to have faith in yourself."
"What if I told you that we are more than we perceive ourselves as; that we all have a subconscious personality constantly trying to make itself known to the world and the key to unlocking your full potential was to tap into your subconscious personality to create a stronger, better self."
"You should thank me," Loki said with a bit of strain in his voice. "With the Bifrost gone, how much dark energy did the Allfather have to muster to conjure you here, your precious Earth?" With that, Thor dropped his hammer and pulled Loki to his feet.
From there, things went… Not terribly wrong, but also not great either. They got asked things that were rather easy to answer and weren't overwhelmingly harmful or personal. Just mundane stuff like "what do you do to train," "what kind of special abilities do you have," "how did you become a superhero," etc. However, interspersed with those questions were some rather disturbing ones, usually asked by people in all-white clothing who would be promptly led out of the auditorium, screaming vile and slightly political insults at them. (The political aspect didn't surprise Tony at all, though. After all, they were in D.C.) The one outlier in the group of people who got escorted out was a man named Ethan who appeared to be in his mid-to-late forties and wore a leather jacket that looked like it had seen better days. His question was for Romanoff.
"Make your move, Reindeer Games." Tony had been expecting Loki to put up a fight, and it was clear that Steve was, too, as he came to stand beside him, holding his shield at the ready. Oddly, though, Loki seemingly surrendered; holding up his hands and allowing his scepter and horned helmet to disappear into thin air. Tony raised his eyebrows. "Good move." Slowly, Tony powered down his weapons systems and lower his gauntlets. Not able to resist any longer, he took a glance at the man to his left.
Tony swallowed hard. Surprisingly enough, it was easy to put down "alcoholism" in the blank space provided, but that left two spaces empty. He felt like he should add something else to the list, but what exactly eluded him.
"No, not yet." Tony's face fell a tiny bit as he touched down on the landing pad that led back into the tower's penthouse. "It's only 7:54. I'm sure he'll turn up soon."
"Not only them." Steve gave Tony a warning look. "Look, an intelligence organization that fears intelligence? Historically, not awesome."
"Run," he shouted, but Oswin continued to stand there frozen and perplexed. "Run! You must run! The house is…"
"Alright," he said. "I can't bullshit you, but you can bullshit me all day. Way to be a hypocrite, Romanoff." Romanoff's expression turned furious.
"'What the hell's my problem?'" She repeated. "'What the hell's my problem?' You! You are my problem, dumbass! You destroyed my home and almost killed me! God, why did I agree to help you in the first place?"
"I'll explain later," Tony said. "Trust me, Steve's a good person, but for right now can we focus on getting to the hospital?" Pepper put her hands on the steering wheel and took a deep breath in and out.
"Do you need help?" Before Tony could answer her, Steve was at his bedside offering him a hand. Tony took it and Steve helped him pull himself up. He situated his arm around Tony's shoulders much like he did the night before and Tony turned his head to smile at him.
As soon as Clint and Natasha returned to the lobby, they marched right up to the concierge's desk and held up their S.H.I.E.L.D. IDs and badges. Steve and Bruce quickly followed behind them.
"Wow." The redundancy was very much unappreciated. "Well, I was also going to order a chest x-ray, but I can see now that's probably not a good idea. I don't think I'm going to be able to see your lungs, no matter what position you're in. I'll just have to settle for what I can discern from listening to your breathing. She placed the cold, round listening device on his chest. "If you could take a deep breath in for me, please?"
"Good," Steve said. "I'm glad." They held each other's gaze for another moment before Clint grabbed their attention by clearing his throat.
It all came back to Steve in a flash. The train, the ambush, Bucky dangling from the side of the freight car, reaching out for him… Steve had to look down and take a deep breath to collect himself. Once the cold shock of the memory wore off, he looked back up at Fury.
"Hey," he said. "Why not instead of making this about me, why don't we make this about you? After all, you're the one who's been treating me like a stranger."
"He's still ashamed about what he did in D.C.," she said. "I don't know what else I can tell you." Steve turned his head down, squeezing his eyes shut in frustration.
Right away, she was strapped down and restrained. Although she had demonstrated that she was perfectly ambulatory, the EMTs insisted that she could have unseen injuries either from the blast or the building coming down on top of her. Carol was highly doubtful of that, given that she had been in much worse explosions and came out the other side no worse for wear but the completely human EMTs who likely had no idea that aliens even existed until about five months prior weren't going to believe that. They needed to stop her from moving to prevent her from aggravating injuries, and she had to let them do their jobs. So, Carol was strapped down to the stretcher and had two blocks placed on either side of her head to prevent her from turning it. The only upside was that she got to look at the evening sky up until they loaded her in the ambulance. It was a soft shade of golden orange; very pretty.
Things were quiet for a half a second after that, but as Tony touched down on the ground next to Steve, the streets were quickly filled with a new sound; cheering and applause, all for them. It would have been quite the moment if it weren't for the incredibly dangerous situation they were in. The frightened citizens must have thought that bringing down the sky-whale was the end of it, but in fact, it was only the beginning, and all the Avengers knew it.
"Listen, I don't want to do anything to hurt you," he lied. "Just go to the police over there and turn yourself in. End this all right now before more people get hurt." Knežević laughed in response.
Clint sat back down on the bed, booted up the computer, and waited for the video chat software to launch. While he did that, he got another text from Laura.
"Of course, you wouldn't understand, you overgrown lab-rat." Steve's hand locked around Tony's wrist tightly before he even had the chance to think about walking off-stage and getting up in that woman's face. Tony didn't try to resist at all, knowing that his unarmored-self stood no chance against Steve's superhuman strength. He settled for giving the woman the most vicious glare he could as she was led away like all the others.
"How's the ice cream?" Lara opened her eyes and smiled as she swallowed the bite she had been savoring.
While they went through the motions of getting their food, the tension seemed to ease itself out of Lara's body. The color came back to her face and her breathing slowly evened out. Bruce wondered why she had reacted like that, but he didn't want to push her for answers. Given the way she coiled in on herself, he could only imagine that pushing her would not end well.
Kidnapping: To steal, carry off, or abduct by force or fraud, especially for use as a hostage or to extract ransom. It is usually unlawful and/or against the person's will. Steve didn't
As much as Clint was touched by the warm welcome home the other Avengers had given him and Natasha, what he had really wanted to do was call Laura. He had promised her the last time they talked on the phone that he would video-call her as soon as he was able. However, the celebration had pushed that to the side, but Clint wasn't mad about that. He just wanted to talk to his wife.
"Mm-hm." The smirk on Betty's face made it clear that she didn't believe a single word of that. "What about the Avengers? You're friends with them, too, right?"
"Should we really be focusing on what could have been done, though?" Bruce asked. "I mean, it's already happened. Hindsight isn't going to solve anything."
"Over time," he said. "Your genetic codes, which your father altered in your youth, worked to correct themselves. Your body has been fighting to 'heal' itself back to its original state. It took a few months, but we were able to isolate and rejuvenate a sample of your genetic tissue and clone it. It'll take some time, but we're going to get you your powers back." Jessica kept her eyes directly on the doctor, even as tears began to gather. "I must tell you, Jessica… Your father was
"Super-heated glass traveling at terminal velocity striking you across the face?" Tony questioned. "Yeah, of course that's going to sting." Lara shut her eyes again and shrugged.
They were dozens of feet below the surface of the Earth. Very few people knew that these tunnels even existed. They didn't even know that the land the tunnels were
"How long?" Tony said as he tried to push himself to his feet but was thwarted by a Chitauri slamming the bottom of its spear into his helmet.
Having successfully subdued her attackers, Carol made a break for the stairs. However, by this point Alpha had recovered and began to chase after her. Carol leaped up to fly again, but Alpha grabbed her around the waist, attempting to pull her back to the ground. Carol tried to increase the heat and amount of energy flowing through her body, but it did not seem to have the same affect on Alpha that it did on Beta. Alpha tightened her grip around Carol's waist even though she was screaming in pain. Carol tried to wiggle out of her grasp, but it was almost as if Alpha was clinging to her for dear life. Carol reached down and tried to pry Alpha's arms off her, but while she did so, she did not notice that Beta had recovered as well and sent a concrete fist flying directly into Carol's temple.
"Once I realized how bad things were, though, I did try to fix it," Natasha said, ignoring Stark's skeptical look. "I called Fury, we figured out what was going on, and we got you that temporary fix and the tools you needed to find the cure."
Tony pulled his hand back and rubbed at his wrist. He did his best to look offended, but his inebriated state didn't give him much help. The cop just laughed him off. Rolling his eyes, Tony leaned over onto the side wall. If the cops were going to be like that, fine. That was their problem. He'd just take the elevator down to the lobby and take the stairs back up. No big deal.
"What is there to miss?" Adoniram asked. "After we ascend, there will be nothing left that this Earth can offer us. We will be free to roam the stars as we have always so desperately desired."
This was nice. Tony hadn't gotten this drunk it quite a long time and he forgot how good it felt. It was as if all his worries and cares in the world had just melted away. He liked it. He should get this drunk more often.
Remember kids, don't do what I just did and make promises you probably aren't going to be able to keep.
"None took." Pepper walked over to get a closer look at Tony. "You feeling okay? You look a little pale."
"It's your call," he said. "You're the boss. I hand the reigns over to you, Winghead." Steve snorted at the use of the nickname but otherwise did not hesitate in getting down to business.
"…Especially since prior to that you only got one hour of sleep today." Shocked, Steve put his fork down. Tony, for his part, was completely unapologetic. "Yeah, I can do that, too."
For a while, it was quiet. Tony just focused on breathing and his proximity to Steve. He was almost relaxed back into a sound sleep when Steve softly spoke up.
"Hi, honey," Laura let out a bit of a forced laugh. Obviously, she was trying to keep things light. "I heard you got sick. That's…" She let out a breath. "I can't even imagine that. I can't imagine what you're going through right now. Obviously, it's not pleasant…"
Turning her gaze up to the ceiling, Lara took a deep breath in and out. There were a lot of things she needed to do to fix this while most of it was going to have to wait until morning – which
"Hilarious, Romanoff," Tony said. "Left my keys in the house. You wouldn't still happen to have the one I gave you?"
that came from the equipment the scientists were using to construct the device. It was just people's voices that sounded off. If Selvig or someone else said something to him, it would sound like they were talking far away and underwater. He had to concentrate, otherwise, he would completely miss what they were saying to him. The only exception to this rule was Loki. Loki's voice came in as clear as a bell.
Eventually, some of the officers stepped back into frame. Four of the officers paired off, each pair holding open one of the double doors. The rest seemed to form a wall on either side. Steve was unsure of what they were doing until a stream of people started to flood the path created by the officers. They were kicking out a huge group of people, probably a party judging by how disheveled and uncoordinated the people in the crowd looked. Steve frowned and leaned closer to the screen, trying to get a look at all the people in the crowd as they rushed by.
"Probably? Just admit it, you'd be a wreck without me." For the first time since he walked into the room, Rhodey could see a coherent and genuine smile cross Tony's face.
"Not so much," Coulson agreed. "When he's not that thing, though, the guy's like a Stephen Hawking." Steve gave Coulson a slightly confused look. "He's like a smart person."
"The first interview is at one-thirty." Pepper began gathering a few miscellaneous files from her desk. "I have a meeting that can't be postponed any longer. I'll see you then.
"Yeah, about that," Pepper said. "I was actually thinking of staying back." Tony's eyebrows raised in surprise.
Smith then took a step back and allowed Drew to continue down the stairs. Drew made it down to the bottom step within a minute or so, but by the time she did she was completely out of breath. She held on to the banister as she turned to face Carol and Tony.
"Already done." Lara turned around to see that the elevator doors hadn't closed and the lights were off. "I've also notified Tobias Wallace and the New York Police Department."
"Yes, but that's not the point," Natasha said. "He isn't supposed to leave bed because he's not supposed to be going anywhere, he can come into contact with viruses and pathogens."
"Okay, the easiest way to get out of the city from Avengers Tower would be to use the subway via Grand Central Station." Maria's voice coming over the line startled Carol back to attention. "Will you be able to get there from where you are now?"
Sorry about all the technical stuff. Either way, I hope you enjoyed this chapter and be sure to leave a review!
"Yes, and yes," Betty said. "Not just for the people working with the virus, but even those who are at risk of indirectly being exposed, like maintenance staff or those working in other offices of the same building."
Parties used to be Tony's thing. He could walk into a room full of people and schmooze with the best of them; kiss ass, take names and then leave with a beautiful girl or two on his arm. After he came back from Afghanistan, partying kind of lost some of the appeal it once had. Maybe it was because he felt more of a sense of responsibility now that he was Iron Man. Maybe it was because that out-of-control birthday party he had knocked some sense into him. Maybe it was because he was just getting old. Tony wasn't sure which, but he was dreading to go to this gala. Call it out of character if you want, but he just didn't want to do it, plain and simple.
"No need," Natasha said. "As long as Loki receives sufficient punishment on Asgard, we'll consider that apology enough."
"Awesome," Tony said. "Get the armor ready to deploy and do a search for anyone named Winnifred Oswald in the Los Angeles area. Don't just search the Internet, check all available law enforcement databases as well."
Lara led the way out of the room and to Steve's surprise she didn't go right to one of the others' rooms. Instead, she went straight to the elevator and hit the call button. It was already on their floor, so the doors just opened.
"Tony Stark?" The shock in the man's voice was enough to make Tony look up. He saw a Latino man leaning out the rear passenger window. "Oh my God, it is you."
"Pepper told me that you asked her to get rid of all the alcohol. Is that true?" Tony sighed. Of course, that was what she whispered to Steve.
"Hill," he explained. "I messaged her the other night to see if there was an incident report ready yet. She said no, but filled me in on what happened." Natasha slouched dramatically. "You know that was uncalled for." She nodded.
Again, Freeman was making it clear that none of the scenarios they were discussing were likely to happen, but Lara seemed a little jumpy. Apparently, Tony wasn't the only one Everhart gave the third degree to. Apparently, she went hard on Bruce, Barton, and Romanoff too. Steve was the only one who got the easy treatment, but that was probably only because Everhart doubted, she could get anything controversial out of Captain America. Oh, if only she knew.
Right away the board was arguing about stocks. Tony would not have expected anything less. Obviously, the stocks had taken a hit after the bio-terror attack. Those kinds of things did not exactly inspire confidence in a brand. The only thing they had going for them was that S.H.I.E.L.D. and the CDC handled the situation well and the suspects were apprehended quickly. So, there was no threat of future attacks, which meant no more blows to the stocks. At least, in the board's logic. Tony was still skeptical of the situation, but he would be damned if he mentioned that now. They were trying to calm the board and his apparent paranoia would not help that.
"I wish I could," Steve's mother said. "I wish I could! All of them… I just wanted to take all of them home, clean them up, and give them a nice, home-cooked meal. I don't care if they're sick, lunatics, retarded, queer… No one should ever be forced to live like that, no one."
After being exposed to a biological weapon, Clint, Tony, Steve, and Natasha have been separated and placed into quarantine. Meanwhile, Bruce has reunited with an old friend.
"Well, probably any American cheeseburger would have sufficed after experiencing that hell," Tony said. "It just so happened that Burger King was the closest burger joint to the airport at the time, but that's not the point. Eat up, Cap. I know you're probably starving."
"No, be completely honest," Tony said. "Don't hold back. No matter what you say, though, remember that the Pan-Am/MetLife center was much worse."
"Right," Freeman agreed. "If you get asked something that's not on the script, you can either roll with it or choose not to comment."
I hope everyone's having a happy and safe New Year so far! Personally, I'm not feeling too great at the moment, so I'm going to keep this A/N short, but thank you for sticking with me through 2018 and I hope you love what's to come in 2019!
"Are we done here?" Thor just continued to breathe heavily as he took in the sight of the now destroyed forest. Steve couldn't tell what Tony was thinking behind the mask, but he didn't make any move to attack. Good, they were all on the same page. "Where's Loki?"
"Lorraine, this is Vasyl," he said. "I know it's been awhile since I last called but I just got out of prison and I was hoping that I could come over to see the girls.
"Before I turned thirteen, everything in my life was great." Oswin shook her head. "Well, not always great, but normal. I had friends, I had loving parents… Everything a kid could want. Then I turned thirteen… That's when people stopped noticing me." She wiped at a tear that was rolling down her cheek. "I don't mean that in a self-centered teenage angst sort of way. I mean like I could stand right in front of my mother and father breaking plates and screaming at the top of my lungs and they wouldn't even hear me or see me. It was devastating." Knežević handed her a napkin. "Thank you." He nodded as she patted her face dry.
"I don't know." Well, obviously he knew he was drunk and left the hotel, but everything before, after, and in between was a fuzzy mystery to him. "Who are you?"
"Already one step ahead of you." Natasha nodded in approval as the three of them stepped out into the foyer.
"Bye, Tony," he said. "Try and get some actual rest, don't just roll onto your side and pretend like your sleeping, only to really be on your phone for hours."
Steve had to admit, Natasha was the last person he had been expecting to come knocking at his door first thing Monday morning. By first thing, he really meant
"I'm not saying that you should give up," Duran said. "I'm just saying if that story's all she's going to give to you, you might as well just place her under arrest now. If she is protecting someone, she'll fess up later and try to make a deal. Right now, though, she's not talking, and I don't think she's going to be willing to talk any time soon." She gestured to the view through the window. Oswin's sobs were becoming more and more hysterical by the moment. "Just give her a break from all this for right now. Who knows, a few nights in a federal lock-up might loosen her lips a little bit." Bergeron let out an aggravated sigh but nodded.
kept flashing through her mind. She was an idiot. She shouldn't have assumed that Salinas was alone. Even if he hadn't brought over guests in the entire time she had been there, she should have taken more steps to ensure that Salinas would be the one drinking the water. She was so worried about keeping all her covers that she became careless. She wanted to slam her own head against the wall.
While Tony had been talking, Steve had walked right up to the countertop and picked it up almost effortlessly. It was only then that Tony remembered that his boyfriend could literally bench press a bus. He frowned.
"I didn't tell the kids you were coming," she said once she was calm again. "I wanted it to be a surprise, especially since you were going to bring the dog. I just couldn't wait to see their faces light up when they saw you… The kids are doing fine, by the way. It's sloppy joe day in the cafeteria at school, so Conner's excited, and the teacher at Leah's daycare let it slip that they're going to be finger painting today, so you should be getting yet another crudely painted picture of a butterfly while I get a paint-stained toddler to clean up."
Tony panted heavily against Steve's bare chest as he recovered from their amorous activities. They still had not made it to home base yet, but they had rounded third multiple times and that was more than satisfying enough, at least for now. Tony hummed as Steve ran his fingers through his hair, enjoying the aftermath of what they had just done. His eyes were shut, and he just listened to the sounds of Steve breathing. Tony had to admit, he was feeling a bit worn out after going at it for most of the evening with a Super Soldier. He honestly felt like he was going to fall asleep at any second. However, before he could, he unconsciously found himself asking Steve, "are you afraid?"
"What are you suggesting?" Steve kept his voice neutral, but he had to admit he was liking where this was going.
The look of horror didn't leave Natasha's face. She started saying something so frantically that he had trouble reading her lips. He eventually recognized it was his name. Clint tried to ask her what was wrong, but before he could even finish asking Natasha pushed him down to the ground and another explosion went off. Everything was black after that.
"Excuse me, miss," The woman looked up as Nina jogged over and came to a stop in front of her. "Are you the police?"
"Then I guess a more apt description would be like running on a treadmill, ironically enough," Tony said. "You're running as fast as you can, trying to reach a certain goal, but really…"
"No," she said. "Tony's not well. He can't go in front of the cameras like this. It would harm the public's perception of the Avengers, possibly more so than if they didn't go."
"I'm sorry," he said. "But I'm getting an overwhelming feeling that this is one of those conversations that end with you telling me that if I hurt Tony, you've got a dark alley and a bad idea that'll make me want to shut my mouth." Rhodes' eyebrows raised in alarm.
I feel like I made myself diabetic while writing this chapter. Like, seriously, it's like I pounded back an entire jar of marshmallow fluff in one sitting. If anyone else feels that way, I'm sorry. I actually know what that feels like because I did that once when I was six. Not a pleasant feeling, but you did enjoy the sweetness of it at the time.
"I'm a master manipulator," she said. "If there's something I don't want to talk about, I can deflect without anyone even noticing." Freeman seemed satisfied with that and turned his attention over to Bruce.
?" Tony slammed the car door as he spotted Lara across the tarmac, standing by the plane with a cross look that could easily rival Pepper's. "We were supposed to leave thirty minutes ago."
After that, though, the forums became much harder to fill out. The second form started with listing his name, the current date, his date of birth, and the name of his primary care physician. There was also a box to check that asked for permission to share his information with his primary care's office, which Tony checked off just for simplicity's sake. The name of the therapist he was seeing was already filled in along with her phone number – likely done by the receptionist, which Tony was appreciative of. Thanks to that, he was able to skip down to the next question, which was where he hesitated.
"Steve, the only reason why she told me…" Tony was forced to stop mid-sentence as the elevator doors opened back up to the lobby and a very familiar face. Her red hair was much shorter than it was three months ago, but he'd recognize the assessing look in those green eyes anywhere. "Miss Rushman," he said. "I thought I fired you."
It started happening again and this time it was more of a fight for Clint to keep his focus in one world. He didn't know which one was real – hell, they could
"Wait!" She said as she ran up to the platform. "Isn't there anything else you need to know before you zip off to kick this guy's ass?"
Eventually the conversation got more heated as Tony had been sure it would. With everything that happened and the fact that they had someone in their midst that most considered to be a traitor, the tone in the room was a bit more biting than usual. For the most part, it did not cross the line into intolerable. That was until one board member – Mr. Hector Fair – had to open his big, fat mouth.
"I was sitting in the aisle seat right next to the microphone," Lara explained. "I almost caught an elbow to the eye as they were escorting one of them out."
"Should someone go in there?" Coulson wondered aloud. "If he does wake up he's going to be pretty freaked out. We haven't had a chance to finish setting up the scenario."
hospital they were at. He would have tried to call him back if his attention wasn't stolen by a none-too-pleased Obadiah Stane storming into the hospital's main lobby.
Resisting the urge to cough is never easy. Your body wants to rid itself of all the fluids, irritants, foreign particles, and microbes that gather in your lungs and breathing passage. It does so by forcing you to exhale quickly in a sometimes-violent fashion. It's even worse when you're sick. Not only is there an increase in mucus production that can cause a post-nasal drip to occur, but the throat is also irritated by whatever viruses and/or bacteria causing the ailment making it even more difficult to keep yourself from coughing. By suppressing a cough, you are preventing your body from clearing your airway, which only increases the urge to cough. The point is, it's never a good idea, especially when your lungs are working at a diminished capacity because there's a hunk of metal in the middle of your chest preventing them from properly expanding, like Tony.
"Of course, you are," Salinas agreed. "I just don't want you to strain yourself. In fact, lay back. You'll be more comfortable that way.
"Do you think you should go in there?" Steve reached for the knob and found it to be unlocked. That should have been a relief, but all it did was stir up concern in the pit of his stomach.
"Puny God," he heard the beast remark. If he had any sense at that point, he would have retaliated, both verbally and physically, however, the pain was much too intense, and darkness was already clouding his vision. Before he finally did pass out, he couldn't help but be grateful for the fact that the ringing probably wouldn't follow him in death.
Normally on weekends, Lara would go up to her younger brother Victor's house in Nyack, New York. This was partially because she loved her little brother and wanted to see him, and partially because she didn't trust her neighbors not to steal her mail or her laundry or her car. So, her weekends gave her time to head up there to take care of those chores and indulge in being able to drive herself somewhere rather than having to rely on the train. However, it had been only been a couple of days since she had finally been allowed to return to her own apartment and she didn't want to pack everything up again when she'd just gotten back. So, instead she stayed at her apartment in Hell's Kitchen, just trying to catch up on some rest and relaxation time.
Slumping to the floor, Knežević sat there for a good long while, just sobbing over the loss of his girls. Lorraine wasn't going to let him see them, and that was that. He'd try calling again, but he was certain that next time, Lorraine would just call the cops. He didn't have any money for a lawyer. He didn't even have money for dinner or an apartment. How was he going to fight a custody battle when he didn't even have a single dime to his name?
"Because it's just such an important part of Tony and his life," Rhodes explained. "I mean, it was probably the biggest turning point in his life until Iron Man happened."
"We think we might know what the powder was," she said. Under different circumstances, Tony would have taken that as good news, but the somber tone of Smith's voice told him otherwise. Glancing down for a second, Tony noted that the alarms had stopped blaring, but the doctors on the other side of the vinyl sheet were still clearly speaking in rushed tones.
Since Tony couldn't put in the energy to lie again, he just shrugged and looked down at his lap. Steve raised his hand and left if hovering at his back for a few seconds before asking "is it alright if I touch you?"
For the first full minute, nothing happened. They could have been watching a still image of the empty elevator and they would have been none the wiser. Proof that the video was playing only came when a woman stepped into the elevator, hit a button for whatever floor she was going to, and then stepped out a few moments later. Steve was becoming worried that this was ultimately a dead end when at about five minutes in, Tony finally stepped into the elevator.
"The Christine Everhart interview aired," Freeman said. "The public consensus isn't entirely in yet, but she didn't exactly paint them in a good light. They included clips of Banner, Barton, and Romanoff becoming upset or agitated at certain questions and the footage of Stark walking out." Freeman shrugged. "It might not make a huge difference, but it's a start." Adoniram nodded even though he didn't find that tidbit of information satisfying enough.
Adoniram pulled his hand away from the shard a little too fast. As a result, he was momentarily blinded, and his head felt like it was spinning. Shutting his eyes and shaking his head usually fixed it, but this time it took a little longer than normal. By the time his vision came back to him, Margot was calling for him again, her voice growing slightly concerned. Adoniram shut the shard's case and went to get the door.
"Seriously, Rhodes?" he said. "That's why you called? Come on! When have you ever known me to do something stupid?"
"Yeah, the glass repair guy isn't going to see it that way," Tony explained. "Nor the wall plaster guy."
Now that Tony's had a chat with Pepper, it's time for him to talk to the Avengers about what he's decided.
"I think you're doing it wrong," Carol said as she came up beside Jessica. She rolled up the sleeve of her flight jacket and started tapping the screen of her wrist display. "Here, let me."
"No need to apologize." Salinas held up one hand in an assuring manner. "Where are the other Avengers?" Tony gave the Congressman a strange look.
was heard as the metal of the staff hit the housing of the Arc Reactor. Loki's face fell. He tried raising it a second time and touched it to Tony's chest, producing the same result. The Arc Reactor covered his heart, protecting it from whatever magic hijacking spell Loki had tried to put on him. That was the second time since this whole thing started that his genius had inadvertently saved him. "This usually works."
However, his screwed up emotional state wasn't helped when he looked up and saw Bruce raising an eyebrow at him.
"I would have to strongly advise against that, Agent Barton." Clint shrugged and climbed up on the hospital bed.
leave the floor. There was just a problem with the elevator's control panel where you had to hold down the "close doors" button while pressing the button for the floor you wanted to go to. (They were going to fix it, but eventually, everyone got used to the small annoyance to the point where they didn't even notice it anymore and since the maintenance guys weren't under pressure to fix it, they let it slide by the wayside.) Apparently, this had been explained to him before, but he hadn't been paying attention. At the time, he was more concerned with switching between thoughts of how handsome Tony was and his general alarm at being attracted to someone else. Being able to escape in the event of a fire wasn't the first thing on his mind.
Once the surprise had worn off, a surge of excitement raced through him. Again, Tony had enough sense not to do anything that could possibly expose their relationship, but he wasn't going to let his boyfriend go without a proper hello. In seconds, he made it to the second set of double doors and pushed them open with a flourish.
wants to know, what was it like choosing to sacrifice yourself like that and what did you experience at that moment?"
He wished he could tell him to knock it off, but Natasha and the other agent were still within earshot, not to mention the fact that they had an enemy combatant held captive a few feet from them. If he pointed out that Tony was checking him out, there was no way that would end well. He chose to ignore it. That would have worked out well if Tony didn't follow the action up with a remark.
"Miss Whittaker." The woman's face immediately fell, but she was able to maintain a polite smile. "Thank you for letting us in after hours."
Bruce spent a vast amount of time studying the letter and taking notes. That was, until he heard a knock at the door. Turning around, he was met with the sight of Commander Hill and Betty standing in the doorway.
"Kind of impromptu," Tony said. "It leaves in a couple of hours, so I need to run everything down with you quickly and get ready."
"I think that's an awesome name." Clint turned his gaze to the puppy. "From now on, you're Lucky. Do you think you can remember that?" The dog wagged his tail, which was the best response that Clint was going to get. "I think he likes it."
"And while we wait this out, they could be dying, and we wouldn't even know." Steve leaned forward and made direct eye contact. "Don't tell me that hadn't occurred to you." Natasha looked down and took a deep breath.
"Thanks, Banner," Clint said, his hoarse voice crackling a bit. "If there's any way I can repay you…"
Remember kids, I'm a human with learning disabilities and executive dysfunction, and I can only write so fast!
"You didn't let anything happen," Rhodey assured. "Someone went behind your back and did this. Did you even see the beginning of the tape?"
He knew where he needed to start. He needed to stop drinking, at least for now. Although pangs of denial rippled throughout his brain, Tony knew that even if it wasn't a "problem," it needed to stop. He couldn't protect anyone if he was trashed. That was kind of a given, and now that the alcohol had been eliminated from the apartment, Tony knew what the next step had to be.
"She thinks I might be… That you'd…" Steve shook his head and looked down, clasping his wrist in the opposite hand. He couldn't do it. He couldn't say it.
…" He took a breath. "Honestly, I have no idea how I deal with it. It is always there in the back of my mind and I cannot mute it. It is just something that is always there, reminding me of the consequences of fucking up. The thing is, if you listen to it too much, it usually ends up causing you to fuck up. The best you can do most of the time is just try."
Lara accepted the medium-sized cup in one hand and reached for the plastic spoon with the other, or at least tried to. She found her other hand to already be occupied by a stack of papers; the packet that Lucy had given her. When she went to set them aside, she caught sight of the cover page. There, written in the bold text was
"Alright! I'm coming, I'm coming!" Tony started walking in the direction Lara had just come from. As he passed by her, Lara frowned for a second before inhaling deeply. Tony turned back to look at her. "What's wrong now?"
Remember kids, fuck a silver lining 'cause only gold is hard enough! (I'm excited for Pray for the Wicked, can you tell?)
"Listen," Duran said. "We have no time for this. I believe Vasyl Knežević is on a killing spree and you might be his next intended victim." Duran could have sworn that she felt Oswin's veins run cold through the skin of her wrist.
"Then skip the spinning rims. We're on the clock." Tony touched down on the landing pad, slightly relieved to be back on solid ground after spending an hour in the air with a – at this point – barely reliable suit. As the disassembly process began, Tony didn't take his eyes off Loki, who moved to follow him into the penthouse. Tony took a deep breath.
Steve stared up into the portal with wide eyes, desperately hoping that at any second Tony would come shooting out and everything would be fine. The Chitauri had already fallen, so whatever Tony did must have worked, but at the same time Steve couldn't kill off the feeling of dread that was building inside him.
That one gave him the most guilt because it was the clearest of all to answer. Yes, he was afraid to be in a real relationship with Tony, because to Steve, a real relationship entailed being out in the public with the person that you were in love with. It meant being able to go on actual dates and being affectionate with the person without the fear of criticism or worse. All his life, Steve knew he would never be able to have that with a man. If you wanted to date, get married, have children, the only acceptable way to do that was with a woman. Otherwise, you were out of luck (and likely to be run out of town by an angry mob wielding pitchforks and torches.) Now, though… Well, while the idea still had its detractors, it was still much more of an acceptable option than it was years ago. However, Steve still felt hesitant. It was not because he did not love Tony –
"Is she okay?" he asked. "Dr. Smith said she was recovering but I haven't heard anything since then."
"And you know this doesn't affect the way I feel about you? It's just my own stupid fears." Tony frowned.
"Don't mention it." Lara then turned and grabbed her coat before heading for the elevator herself. "Be right back," was all she said before the elevator doors closed, leaving Tony alone to wonder and worry.
"Yeah, what's going on?" Tony looked through the glass to see if anyone was coming. "JARVIS tells me we're under code blue and I pull up and there are all of these police cars…"
"No," Steve said. "Haven't been feeling sick at all." It was the truth. He wasn't feeling physically sick. Just… Confused, not only about the whole situation but his feelings, his sanity… Everything had changed in a split-second and Steve was having trouble processing it all. However, Wylie seemed to accept his answer and didn't press any further.
So, he just gave up. At least for now. He'd give her time to cool off. In the meantime, he had work to get done and a puppy to care for.
"It is with a hung head and a heavy heart that I make this announcement," he said. "The past twenty years I have spent as a loyal employee of Stark Industries have been some of the best of my life. However, despite my dedication, I find that I can no longer stand by the actions of this company or by the actions of its owner, Mr. Anthony Stark."
Steve's mother had called for a doctor to come and look at him, but the man hadn't recommended anything she wasn't already doing; just fluids and rest. However, things were getting bad. Steve could barely take a breath without hacking up his lungs. Even though she knew they couldn't afford another hospital bill right now, it was looking more and more like she had no other choice.
"I'm not sure," Lara reluctantly admitted. "As I said, I'm watching this on a live feed. I can't confirm that without putting myself at risk. I would think not, though, given the location of the wound and the angle of the shot."
"Yeah," Clint said. "I'm not sure you can tell with the camera's quality, but…" He lifted the dog so she could see the underside of his chest and more importantly his front legs. …Or rather leg and stump. "He only has three legs." Laura let out a sympathetic "oh."
Tony's eyes fluttered open, revealing them to be red and glassy. Steve forgot to breathe for a second and not in a good way.
"You too, Betty." He gave her a good-natured pat on the back as he pulled away. The two of them parted soon after, still on good terms. Bruce started heading to his room, feeling much better than he thought he would when he started the day.
have the right to consult an attorney before answering any questions, nor do you have the right to consult an attorney now or in the future." Loki could feel something tight and metal close around his wrist. He tried to tug at it, but the Widow responded by jabbing her fist into his side. He tried to suppress a groan of pain.
"He probably paid people off to keep from speculating about him," Tony said. "It wouldn't surprise me." Tony let a moment pass to get his emotions under control; taking a few calming breaths. "What are they saying about me?" he asked as soon as he felt composed enough. Rhodey shook his head.
"Okay, I'm going to give the phone to him," she said. "Just remember he's on a ventilator, so he can't really respond back, alright?" She paused for a moment. "Alright, here you go."
Steve tried to take heed of Natasha's words. She was right after all. Standing there, freaking out wasn't going to help them find Tony. However, the rational part of his brain was being severely overpowered by the irrational parts. Thoughts of worry flashed through his head at the speed of lightning and the air in the room was getting thinner by the moment. Oddly enough, he was reminded of the time when Tony told him that he knew he was bisexual and he had to run outside for fresh air before he could even give Tony the chance to explain himself. It was the same feeling only this time his feet were firmly rooted to the ground. He felt like if he moved, he would collapse dead on the floor. He'd be more concerned about that if he wasn't throwing all of his concern to Tony.
So, she sat quietly in her cell, trying to figure out how to fold the mattress tag into a crane. Maybe if she folded a thousand of them, she'd be cured of her heartbreak. At least, she kept telling herself that. Eventually, the door to her cell opened and she was taken off-guard to see an agent standing there.
"Probably," Tony said. "And maybe a little misleading with the murder part unless it's supposed to be a murder show?"
"It's all on me," Bruce cut in. "You didn't do anything wrong, Natasha. I shouldn't have let go like I did."
The Taco Bell was surprisingly dead for a Wednesday afternoon. Knežević was expecting to see at least one overweight mother ignoring her children as they ran amuck and disturbed the other customers, but that didn't seem to be the case. As far as he could tell, not a single soul was inside that restaurant. He was starting to wonder if the place was abandoned when a young black woman stepped in from the back. Her eyes were heavy, and her posture made it clear that she wanted to be anywhere but there, preferably her bed. She was perfect.
To his response, Lara's response wasn't an immediate "no." Instead, she closed her eyes and took a deep breath. Then, swallowing hard, she opened her eyes back up and looked right at him.
"Congratulations, you get a gold star." Unfortunately, the helmet snapped over Tony's head at that moment, so Lara couldn't see him roll his eyes. "Well, is there anything else you need me to do?"
"Please," he said. "You have to believe me! I had no idea anything had been taken from my lab! I've been so overloaded with my normal work; I haven't even checked on my side projects in weeks! I swear!"
"Well, it'd have to be large doses of palladium over a prolonged period of time," Rawls speculated. "But I suppose it is possible. Why? Are you saying you've been exposed to large amounts of palladium?"
"No, really listen," Bruce implored again. "You really don't want to do that. Just put the knife down. Otherwise, you're going to be putting yourself in danger."
I'm hoping that if I chant Infinity War enough times, my mom will take me to the theater faster. That's how this works, right? Anyways, if you do leave a review, please hold off on posting Infinity War spoilers for a few more hours. When I start posting on Tumblr again, that's when you'll know it's safe.
"Wouldn't have suggested anything else," she said, a clear British accent marking her voice. "Thank you." She then walked around Carol and went into Stark's room. Carol turned her gaze to Fury.
"She's still pretty bad," she admitted. "But with a little R&R, she should be on the mend." Tony nodded.
"It's fine," Steve assured. "You're sick and exhausted. You just need to get to bed." Tony hummed in agreement. "Where do we go from here?"
"Do you even know what you're talking about Schaffer?" Tony asked. "Because it just seemed like your lips were moving but no sound was coming out."
"We'll be back," Carol said. "It shouldn't take more than a couple of hours." Drew nodded again and gestured towards the stairs.
"No, not at all." Tony flipped the lights on (which felt like electric daggers going through his eyes) and stepped aside to let Pepper in.
. Hundreds of other films also circulated around this time but some of them weren't as funny as they were pornographic.
In a long-forgotten, derelict part of the galaxy, the Other stood on bended knee before his master, the Mad Titan himself, Thanos.
"Good," Dr. Cranston said. "Now that we've gotten that out of the way, why don't we try starting over again?" She readjusted her position and smiled before saying "hello, Mr. Stark. What brings you into my office today?"
First, he was under strict bed rest. He was still recovering and too much exercise or strain could set his progress back immensely. That meant no training and no Avengers missions until a doctor cleared him, which Fury was sure to be thrilled about.
"Right here!" Tony and Steve turned to see Barton coming up behind them with his hand raised. From a few curtains down, Romanoff also emerged to view the unfolding scene.
"Trouble sleeping?" Steve found that question odd given that it was almost three in the afternoon but nonetheless tossed back a witty retort.
What he could not understand was why Romanoff shared the video. The most plausible reason to Tony was that she wanted to hurt or humiliate him, and if that really was her intention, then she succeeded. However, there was one thing that kept him from fully believing that and it was the fact that she sent the video to Pepper instead of S.H.I.E.L.D. or the media. If she really wanted to hurt him in the worst way possible, she would have sent the video to one of them, but she did not, and he could not ignore that.
"Nothing much," he said. "I was just wondering if there was any chance that I'd be allowed to go downstairs for dinner later?" Natasha initially laughed like she was going to dismiss it but ended up surprising him.
Although their apartment building didn't have stairs, the apartment Lara shared with her husband Dante was on the second floor. It wasn't a ridiculous climb by any means, but enough to make an already sleep-deprived person feel even more agonized amounts of exhaustion. Lara fumbled with her keys as she tried to unlock the door and let out an aggravated curse. Of course, the door would refuse to cooperate with her just when she was merely a few paces from her bed, but that's how life goes, right?
"Negative. Agent Coulson wishes to speak with Director Fury directly. Further details cannot be discussed until he does so. Over."
For a couple of moments, it was quiet. Lara directed her gaze down to her feet and just concentrated on breathing. Slowly but surely, she started to relax.
Adoniram originally planned to use the virus for another purpose, but after hearing the reports of how it had affected the Avengers, he realized it wasn't going to work. He had expected the Black Widow, Captain America, and maybe Dr. Banner to walk away unscathed, but he hadn't expected Stark and Hawkeye – the two most human members of the group – to survive. This showed him that the virus wasn't nearly as deadly as Sharpton had claimed and with the woman in prison, he couldn't exactly force her to fix it. So, he was going to be forced to figure something else out.
"Alright," he said. "But if office supplies go missing, we know who the culprit is." Pepper raised an eyebrow and had trouble keeping the laughter out of her voice.
"Patience, Captain," Dr. Fox said. "Director Fury will be in to explain everything once you're good and rested. So, I'd take the opportunity to take a nap and catch up on some much-needed sleep." Steve heard the doctor turn and start moving towards the door. Steve had just one more question he needed to ask.
"It's none of your business." Tony almost pulled his foot back when he felt Salinas' hand squeeze it. Salinas felt him jump a bit and graciously stopped what he was doing and instead slipped the slipper onto his foot.
S.H.I.E.L.D. only gave them enough time to change into their uniforms and gather their weapons before departing. Natasha didn't waste any time and got as many weapons as she could. She had four guns, seventeen knives, and at least a dozen other weapons hidden somewhere on her person. As they pulled up to the Maplewood, New Jersey Police Station, she ran through a mental checklist of all of them. This wasn't to make sure that she had them, but rather to remember all the possible combinations of wounds and injuries she could inflict upon Sharpton. It helped keep her calm and her head in the zone.
However, they were still vocal about their worries and skepticism towards the Avengers. Who were these people? Who was in charge? Was this solely a S.H.I.E.L.D. project or would Stark Industries be getting involved in this, too? All these questions were valid, and Tony was working on answering them as best he could. He had to admit that he did not know all the answers, but he did know what he wanted. He was just stuck in the process of solidifying those wants into real answers.
Yeah, couldn't help but quote Panic! again, or rather paraphrase them. Anyways, if you enjoyed this chapter be sure to leave a review! Reviewers get hugs from babies!
"Good," Tony said. "Because I don't think my heart could take it." If Steve had the energy, he'd give Tony a confused look, but he was too tired and too comfortable to move. "Just ask yourself this, what do you want from a relationship with me? If you can figure that out, we can use that to figure out what label we can put to this." Steve smiled against Tony's forehead.
"Uh," Freeman's voice came out slowly. "I am being advised by Miss Cabe here to get off the stage before I'm forced off, so I'm just going to go ahead and do that. Taking over the microphone from me will be Stark Industries CEO, Miss Virginia Potts. Uh, Miss Potts."
"Wait," Steve said at the same time as he scanned the screen of his cell phone. "Natasha just texted me back. No word from S.H.I.E.L.D. yet, but the EMS system in the meeting room is reporting an explosion somewhere near Hell's Kitchen. She says it's probably best if we're on standby to respond."
Although, it's kind of was a big deal. Technically, Clint probably shouldn't be leaving the hospital for another few days. The only reasons why they were was because the Tower had a fully stocked med bay – which was located on the same floor as their quarters and Clint's room was actually the closest to it – and Banner had enough medical experience to where they felt that if something happened to Clint, Banner would be able to keep him stable until EMTs could get there.
Thank you to mfaerie32 on FNN for the review and FriedChickenNisha for the comments on AO3! It really means a lot!
Regardless, it was only a momentary distraction. Once he finished typing the message, Tony took a deep breath, resigning himself to the long drag of filling out paperwork. The sooner he got it done, the better.
Eventually, they came to a set of steps which floated in mid-air and led up to another rock, upon which Loki could see that a throne had been erected and a rather large one at that. Slowly, the creature dragged him by the hair up the steps. He made sure to jerk him as hard as possible and Loki fought as hard as he could not to cry out or flinch. Eventually, Loki was deposited on the ground in front of the throne. Loki knew he couldn't stand, so he mustered up all his strength to turn and look towards the throne. There, he saw the dark-robed creature kneeling in front of the throne, which appeared to be capable of turning in any direction as it was currently facing the galaxy beyond them.
"You are forgiven," he said begrudgingly. "Just don't let it happen again." Freeman straightened up and nodded.
"You're right," she said. "On both accounts. Your blood test came back clean, while Barton tested positive for Ebola and H5N1. However, that doesn't give you the authority…"
"Well, looks like you've got your work cut out for you." Tony only nodded in response. "Anything I can help with?"
"Tony, do you understand what's going on with your body right now?" Bruce asked. "You haven't drunk anything in over twenty-four hours now. Considering how much alcohol you in took before, it's only a matter of time before you start suffering from withdrawal symptoms."
The best he could offer was a version of the truth with key details missing. Although his resolution not to lie to Pepper had been broken and well stomped-on at this point, it still was something that Tony wanted to hold on to.
Being careful not to hurt or jostle the puppy as he stood up, Clint went to leave the bathroom. He was probably overthinking it. Maybe he'd have a clearer head in the morning.
"Either way, we need to start moving now," Natasha said. "We don't know how fast-acting this thing is. We could start showing symptoms before we even make it down there."
Clint sat there for what felt like hours, mourning the loss of his wife and children, and waiting for whoever did it to come to finish the job and take him out, too. It wasn't like he cared. Everything he had to live for was gone. Well, almost everything.
"Well, we wouldn't want that," Bruce remarked. Lara hummed in agreement as she gathered up her things. Before leaving, though, she looked back at him.
"I said never mind!" As he said that, he accidentally kicked off against the desk, causing his chair to tilt backwards and sending him tumbling to the floor. His head bounced against the ground, but it didn't knock him out. Just to be sure, though, Tony got up onto his hands and knees, crawling a couple feet away before solidly coming to a stop.
It started off as a still image of one of the emergency exits somewhere inside the parking garage under the Tower. Well, it wasn't really a still image. It was just that nothing was happening on-screen. That was, until Freeman stepped into frame.
"I had all of my father's files digitized ages ago," he explained. "If you give me some search parameters, I can have JARVIS search my private database for it."
"Yeah," Natasha said, but the hoarse edge to her voice indicated otherwise. "It's gonna be fun." Her idea of "fun" was very similar to Tony's idea of a "party." With a nod, Natasha started running forward and leaped up on a car while Steve crouched down with the shield high above his head for Natasha to use as a springboard. As soon as her feet hit the vibranium, Steve surged upwards and tossed Natasha in the air. She then grabbed ahold of the back of a passing hoverbike and held on for dear life.
Now here he was, sitting on the floor of his darkened bedroom, waiting for the party to be over so they could get the shouting match over with. He heard both his mother and Jarvis knock on the door, but he ignored them. He couldn't talk to them about this. He couldn't talk to anyone about this. The idea was completely and utterly mortifying.
"Okay…" Pepper's voice held the unspoken question of "then why didn't you just pick it up?" However, the exhaustion and frustration that were very clearly weighing down both Tony and Lara's souls told made it clear for her not ask. "How did all of this happen? This can't all be SI stuff."
"You said that 'drinking makes you better,'" he said. "That you don't have nightmares or flashbacks when you're drunk."
Bruce had just reached his room when he heard his phone chime, indicating that he had a text message. He pulled the device from his pocket and tapped the screen to see what it said.
Whether it was or not, it seemed to be helping. As the text conversation continued, Natasha seemed get better. She sat up straighter and a weight seemed to be coming off her shoulders. She regained a sense of composure and overall just seemed to be in a better head space. However, it wasn't until they were coming out of the Lincoln Tunnel that she spoke up again.
Steve needed a moment to process everything Rhodes had just explained to him. Essentially, what happened was that Tony was publicly outed as a bisexual in the worst way possible by a scorned ex-lover, and in response Tony had attempted to kill himself. (Like Rhodes, Steve was not quite convinced that Tony's overdose had been as accidental as he claimed.) His heart was breaking as his blood boiled in his veins. He really wanted to hit the guy who did that to Tony; hard.
Of course, Tony couldn't say this to the cameras. Howard Stark had worked meticulously throughout his life to keep that side of himself hidden from public view. After his death, Tony found it best to keep maintaining this image. After all, opening about his daddy issues would just bring more unnecessary drama into his life and make him out to be weak. He wasn't weak. Stark men are made of iron. So, he could suck it up and answer a few more interview questions, even if they were dangerously prying.
After a long and awkward elevator ride, they finally came to a stop on the first floor of the penthouse. Getting off, Natasha and Steve led Carol down the hallway and through the kitchen, into the lounge area. There, they found Bruce and Clint. The former had Lucky in his lap, spoiling the clearly attention-starved animal with lots of pets and scratches. The latter was lying spread out across the loveseat, still in his S.H.I.E.L.D. uniform and looking half a second away from falling asleep. Nat had to bite her tongue to hold back the "I told you so" from escaping her lips.
"I've been in prison for twelve years." He said. "I don't know how to use that." While Oswin rolled her eyes, the kettle started whistling in the kitchen.
Tony got up from the couch and rubbed his eyes. His head felt much better, but he didn't think the Anacin had anything to do with it. The massive amount of sleep he had gotten in the past twenty-four hours probably had more to do with it than anything else. He supposed he should be embarrassed – most people who were willingly invited to a super-secret spy base not under the pretext of torture probably didn't spend most of their time there catching up on beauty sleep – but he knew that everyone in that room had probably seen him naked at least once before thanks to that magical thing called the Internet, so really, compared to that taking a nap on an international spy agency's couch wasn't that embarrassing in the grand scheme of things. Although, his neck had a weird crick in it.
Sliding the desk chair closer to the bed, Carol sat down. She used the end of the bed to put her feet up and got herself comfortable for what was sure to be a long wait.
"Both the first floor and the second floor are secure," Natasha reported. "They're both completely trashed, so there's no realistic way of ensuring everything's accounted for, but on the bright side there are no unaccounted-for individuals inside the building."
To get to the cafeteria from the waiting room he was at, Tony had to go out to the front area and go around to the other side of the building. It seemed like a pain and he was sure there was a faster way, but he was too tired and far too hungry to tolerate even potentially getting lost, so he made the wise decision to just follow the directions given to him by the nurse earlier. It was a good thing he did, too, because otherwise he probably would have missed Steve.
"And what, prey tell, would that be?" Fair was left sitting open-mouthed and blinking. Clearly, he had not been anticipating anyone questioning him. As soon as it was apparent that he had nothing, another member of the board jumped right in.
She hit the button to turn off the phone's screen and slipped the device back into her pocket. With nothing left to do but wait for the two nymphomaniacs to finish their mating ritual, Lara shut her eyes and leaned back against the wall, once again willing "I Want You to Want Me" to drown out the psychologically scarring sounds.
Tony groaned as he stepped away from the holographic screen that was projected around his desk. He had been watching the CCTV footage for the past three hours and he had come up with a whole lot of nothing. Although he wanted to keep watching the footage until he found something; anything to go on, but eventually, the pain of his headache and the fatigue of the cold forced him to take a break and lie down on the couch in his lab.
While on Xandar, Tarquan had inadvertently learned of a place within the galaxy that housed some of the galaxy's more criminal elements… It was also rumored that anything one searched for could be found on this space station, they just had to know where. Tarquan told the other Raël of this and they agreed it was worth a shot. If they didn't find someone who knew of an uninhabited, life-sustaining planet, they'd surely find something else that would aid in their cause.
After learning that Loki's minions had been spotted in Stuttgart, Germany, Tony Stark immediately suited up as Iron Man to handle the situation. In his absence, he left his assistant, Lara Conroy, to monitor the building's power levels and report an outage if necessary.
Pepper looked down and let out a long breath. Before she could find the right words to explain, Cabe jumped in to help her out.
"Alright, I know I should've said something about the dog," Clint said. "I'm sorry about that. If I must get rid of him, that's fine. I know a nice family with a farm who would love him. I'm more concerned about hiding him from hotel staff than whatever Tony or the rest of you might say."
"What?" was the only word he could get out without putting his deep sense of annoyance on full display.
"Take it," she said. "He's only called me a handful of times so far, but already I'm annoyed beyond all rational comparison."
"Jesus, Clint," she said. "Do you actually have a death wish? Because I swear to God if you died for this dog…" Steve let up on Clint and offered a hand to help him to his feet.
While this was going on, Carol could hear the door above her shut and lock, along with the sounds of footsteps coming down the stairs. Finally, able to stand properly, Carol clutched her fists at her sides, allowing the power to flow through her freely. The resulting glow lit up the silhouettes of Adoniram and the two women approaching her. As he reached the bottom of the stairs, Adoniram let out a mirthless laugh.
Eventually, the heartbreaking scene was broken up by two people clad in black uniforms. Oswin watched as they loaded Nina into the back of a van emblemized with the seal of the Strategic Homeland Intervention Enforcement Logistics Division. She screamed as Nina was pulled from her arms, but the two people in black didn't even flinch. Turning to look at the gawkers who had gathered behind the police tape, Oswin noticed that they didn't seem phased, either. Oswin jumped up and down, screaming at the top of her lungs. No one looked her way. She let out a groan of frustration. The emotional nature of the situation caused her powers or whatever you call them to start acting up. Of course, this had to happen now and of course, she had to realize this just as the opportunity to utilize it had already passed. The van that Nina's body was loaded into was pulling away from the curb before the thought had even occurred to her to try and hitch a ride.
"Really?" Knežević said. "Because you're not acting like it. What do you expect? That you're going to just waltz in there, take whatever you want, and then walk out the front door?"
As they stood backstage, waiting for the presenter to come out and give them their cue to enter, Tony couldn't help but brush the back of his hand against Steve's. He hated this; not being able to touch or kiss his boyfriend even though that he desperately needed the comfort. He could still do little things like that, though, and he felt the tiniest bit reassured when Steve brushed his hand back. That would have to suffice for now.
Making it down the hall, they quickly came across the sight of Lara pinning a still-naked Bruce to the wall, knife in hand ready to plunge into his eye socket at any second. Steve tried to step forward hoping to try and separate them, but Bruce's hand shot out in a motion that told him to wait. He obliged, but by the tightness with which he was gripping Tony's hand, Tony could tell that he wasn't too keen on the idea. Meanwhile, Bruce turned his attention to Lara.
"Go with a classic," he said. "After all, some people still have some catching up to do." Tony's lips quirked up as he caught Steve's smile out of the corner of his eye.
"Well," Tony said. "If you really have nothing to lose, then you wouldn't mind a short stay at San Quentin. How does twenty-five to life sound? Fair, or should we take away the possibility of parole?" Tony turned his attention to the cops that had gathered in the beach's parking lot. Quite a few more had shown up – probably spurred on by Iron Man's arrival at the scene – but no one had approached to help him with Knežević yet. "Hey, wouldn't mind a little help here! It's not like I can handcuff him or read him his rights!"
Tony had to be honest; going through human resources training the day after having the sex talk with his boyfriend was not his idea of a good time. In fact, he would have laughed at the irony if he were not the one who created it in the first place. Granted, he forgot that he and Pepper had scheduled it for that day, but that did not matter. He only had himself to blame for that.
Well, if this is actually getting uploaded, that means I'm still alive and no one came to murder me for the language I used in that last chapter. I'm sorry about that. I spend way too much time on Tumblr and I was afraid that the language police might come after me for using the r-word (and maybe the q-word. I'm still confused as to whether or not that's okay to say.)
"Still, I have it handled. Go call Fury." Jessica nodded and stepped out of the room. Carol, meanwhile, decided to get to work at making Stark more comfortable.
"Regardless," she said. "I understand you're feeling scared and frustrated right now, but can you just take a step back for a moment and relax? The way you've been behaving is very alarming and unprofessional, and neither Tony nor I can have you acting this way." Lara shook her head and pressed two fingers to her temple. She tried to take a deep breath, but it came out rather strained.
Right, that made sense. If Pepper was in the tower, then JARVIS had access to her phone and could read text messages and compose them for her. Tony had that functionality built into the plane as well as his phone, but for privacy's sake, he was choosing not to use it.
"I wasn't even hurt," Clint pointed out. "If they had looked at me for longer than two seconds, they would have known."
"So good," she answered. "I mean, not as good as non-diabetic ice cream, but good enough to suffice."
"Trying to save it." Fury opened the file and handed it over to Steve. Once he got a look at what was inside the file, Steve paused for a second in shock before taking the file in both hands. On the top-right corner of the page was a photograph of the object that started it all; the reason Steve ended up on that plane and why he was forced to crash it into the ocean; the Tesseract. Steve hoped it had been lost forever and gone for good once it melted through the floor of the plane after killing the Red Skull, but it turned out he was not that fortunate. The image was in color and timestamped for May of the previous year. S.H.I.E.L.D. had the Tesseract and hadn't immediately destroyed it. Steve didn't like where this was going.
"The things we said in the heat of the moment we can work out later," Steve said. "For right now, just focus on calming yourself down. We're not going to be able to do anything if you don't pull it together."
Salinas helped Tony up and led him over to the car. Tony did not appreciate the assistance but decided that he had no choice but to accept it. He was too tired and uncoordinated to put up a fight now, anyways. Sitting down in the back seat, Tony relished in the feeling of the warm air of the heater washing over him. Salinas sat down next to him.
"Fine," she said. "I know when I'm talking to a wall. Just don't say I didn't warn you." With that, she turned and started heading back towards the table. Tony watched her until he was sure she wasn't coming back. Climbing onto one of the barstools, it didn't take long for the bartender to take notice of him.
"Yeah," Tony said, pulling the conversation back to the point. "So, we're going to see this person on Saturday and hopefully all will go well, and we'll be able to get a more solid plan from there."
"I just wanted to apologize," she gasped out. "For deceiving and almost poisoning you. I know nothing I could possibly say could make things right, but I just wanted that out there."
"You're not going to like what I have to say." It was the truth. He couldn't imagine a scenario in which Tony reciprocated his feelings. Tony didn't back down. He mirrored Steve's stance and looked at him dead on.
"Let me guess," Natasha said. "Mostly Stark bitching me out for spying on him and taking away his boy toy?" Lara grinned.
"I advised Mr. Stark of all of these potential reactions before he took the drug," JARVIS explained in a calm tone that would have been worrying if it came from a human. "He muted me and went ahead with it anyways. I'm sure you're aware that there was nothing I could do to physically stop him." Rhodey let out a harsh breath, forcing himself to calm down.
"It's more than scary, it's…" Steve stopped himself before he could dump all his fears onto Tony. He did not need to be overwhelmed like that right now. Instead, he looked down at their joined hands and simplified it down to "I don't want you to get hurt." Steve did not have to look up to know that a sad glint had come over Tony's eyes.
"Yeah," Tony said. "Next time I do that blast the loudest, most annoying noise possible and don't stop until I'm awake and listening."
"Because it wouldn't be life if it was." Lara glared at Steve for that remark, but Steve was not bothered. Tony brought a hand to his forehead as he thought out a strategy.
Steve nodded silently, and Tony turned back to what he was doing. Steve knew he should say something to Tony, but at the same time Steve was aware that what Tony said was true; time was of the essence. They could deal with their petty problems once they found the Tesseract, but if Tony honestly thought that they were going to go their separate ways, well, he was terribly mistaken.
That's what he'd told himself. Now, he'd gone and screwed it all up. He couldn't admit it to anyone why he marched out of the party. He could only act like he didn't know and take the punishment. That's what it always came down to.
"Hello?" Steve was able to keep the unsure tone out of his voice. "Is this Tony Stark?" Steve's heart sank as it occurred to him that he had no idea what to say if this was someone who wasn't Tony. Thankfully, it didn't come to that.
Natasha, as it turned out, did have a car and was more than willing to drive them back to Malibu. Tony was thankful for that as it crossed one less worry out of his mind. However, he had at least a hundred more to worry about, including the man sitting in the front passenger seat. So, instead of using the thirty minutes it took to drive back to his house napping in the back seat as he was supposed to be (Steve insisted), he laid on his back and stared up at the ceiling of the black sedan and tried to ignore how uncomfortable he was and the fact that if they got into a car accident right now, he'd probably be dead. (Although he had to admit Natasha was a safe driver, she kept accidentally drifting into the left lane, which caused a few anxiety attacks, at least on Tony's part.
Leaving the room and heading to the local elevator, Bruce noticed Lara getting a notification on her phone and looked back to see her typing a response. Normally, that wouldn't bother him at all. After all, Lara was a grown woman. She could text whoever she wanted. Still, he couldn't help but be concerned. Given the way she snapped at him for giving Betty her number and how much stress she'd been under ever since her ex made a reappearance in her life, it was only natural to assume that she was having some sort of difficulty involving that. As he hit the button to call for the elevator, he tried to figure out the best way to approach the subject without upsetting her. However, something unexpected happened. He heard her laugh.
The Avengers originally came to Washington D.C. to attend the President's State of the Union Address. However, they've hit some bumps along the way and aren't in the best state right now. However, some people appear to be oblivious to that...
So, after a few minutes of waiting, Steve got up and started to get ready for his day. A little spark of happiness flickered in his heart as he headed towards the bathroom. At least he had something to look forward to today.
"Thanks, by the way," she said. "For listening and not being rude. That's hard for me to talk about and I'm just glad to have talked to someone." Bruce smiled and nodded.
"As it is you," Adoniram said. "Come. We can talk somewhere more private." The last thing Carol thought they needed was more privacy, but she obliged anyway, stepping through the door he held open for her. The two women in coveralls followed closely behind her while Adoniram exchanged words with the woman behind the panel.
"Something like that." Natasha got up and the device she put on the door started to beep. She grabbed both Steve and Tony's shoulders and turned them away from the door. "Don't look until I say."
Shortly after Rhodey arrived to work that morning, he got a call from Happy telling him that Tony had woken up. It happened around three in the morning and apparently, he had been quite a bit out of it when he did. Astoundingly, he had still shown signs of being under the influence despite all the fluids they had been pumping into him. However, within a few hours he was throwing up and experiencing other detox symptoms.
"While many interventions are instrumental in nudging [an addict to] treatment, they are not always effective for everyone. It is important to take a look at all aspects of your loved one's situation to understand if an intervention is a good option as many factors can play a role in how one unfolds, which can never be accurately predicted. [...] If a person's life is in jeopardy, an intervention may be the only option you feel you have left. [...] Typically, an intervention is a last-try effort for an addict who has consistently refused to get help."
