They’d been briefly kidnapped, Mycroft had been involved in their rescue, and then they had solved the murders and hurried home. But John had very nearly died, and it must have done something to Sherlock, because as soon as they were inside the alcove of 221b, he had his hands (huge, huge hands, the size of John’s entire face) gripping him close, and lips (beautiful, cupid-bow lips) all over John’s own.
Sherlock pulled away, about to speak, when the tall form of Matilda came through the entrance. They had not locked it, couldn't have in Sherlock’s rush to kiss, and so she had no need for a key.
“Sherlock it’s going to be-”
Fourth
“Simply put, Law Professor at King’s College. Very busy, a lot of time doing my own work and teaching. And grading work. It would be…. Difficult to have children. Near impossible now, what with how old both Mycroft and I are. Birth defects are at a much higher chance, as I’m sure you know. It's not… It’s an unfulfilled dream I’m afraid. And while I had more or less made my peace with it, now I wonder.” John nodded, trying to pretend the mention of children did not bring his mind back to the anxious excitement he’d felt when he thought he was going to have a baby with Mary. And the inevitable disappointment at losing that chance before it had even been truly realized.
John couldn't claim he himself was heartbroken. He wondered if perhaps he should be. Surely it wasn't normal for a sibling to feel so different toward their sisters death. This was the main reason he was so upset, he decided. It was less about her loss and more about her lack of being in the first place. His stages of grief went by fast, barely there, or noticeable. He did not miss Harry with the same ferocity he did when Sherlock ‘died’. He did not even miss her with the same distant longing he’d had when his mum died. Her loss was more akin to his father's drunken downfall; sad to watch, but with the easy lack of ache that came with looking at it through glass rather than in person.
“Whats this? Sherlock Holmes cooking?” John looked much more alert after his shower, though his speech still indicated fatigue.
“I have far too much to do to bother with dying.” He grumbled, his fingers running along her scalp. “Besides, who else would tell you who cheated on those ridiculously easy tests you hand out?” Matilda let out a bark of laughter.
It was a long 4 hours before they were given any news. But once 11:15 am came around, one of the doctors came in. Sherlock, for once, was not alone in deducing who the surgeon had just been working on. All three stood abruptly, each feeling anticipation and concern combining into a sickening mixture.
“We tried to have kids, you know?” John’s eyes flickered to her, eyebrows raising.
First
“Well…. Maybe you and Mycroft can talk about it. There’s always adoption. And if you’re anything like your husband, I’m sure you have a hoard of personal time in need of using hidden away that you’re boss and colleagues likely pray you cash in.” She laughed nodding.
When Harry died, it was the sort of punch in the face that happens in action movies, done in slow motion and supremely obvious, but nevertheless, worthy of a wince. She had died alone in hospital, with no one to say goodbye to. Cardiomyopathy leading to a heart attack. She had known about her condition for years. John had never been told.
“Matilda.  A pleasure to meet you Doctor Watson.” She’s taller than him, in fact she may even be Sherlock’s height.
“Oh dear-I”m-” She rushed out, the door slamming with her desperate need to get out. John worried.
“Sherlock!” John interrupted, reaching a hand to rub at his husbands arm. “Calm down. These are highly experienced surgeons, who know what they’re doing. Mycroft is getting the best care he possibly could receive.” John did his best to reassure both Holmes’, looking between them as he spoke.
Third
They were kissing. Sherlock’s hands rested on his shoulder blades, and the heat from them warmed John to the core. It wasn't the nicest kiss he’d had, the neatest, or the sexiest…. But it was the best, regardless of any other qualities.
“Did she need somethi- Mmm” Sherlock was kissing him again.
“Nothing to worry over, John. Just…. Keep researching.”
“For GOD’S sake, just BLOODY WELL do IT!” The woman, John now realized, was the same as a few months prior. However, this time she wore no pleasant smiles. Only a scowl that reminded him bizarrely of a principal he’d had as a child, Mrs. Espanol, whose gaze could stop any trouble making child in their tracks.
John ate a few bites before pausing. “No really…. Thanks. Not just-not just for this. For everything. For the last few months it’s been hard. I really- that is I-”
"Sorry about that." Her voice seemed surprised, like she didn't know how it had happened. The man before her, beginning to bald despite being only 25 or so gave an inaudible sigh. He pursed his lips to keep them from curling in annoyance.
“Thank God you aren't dead. I don’t think I could manage it if you were.” The relief in her voice was palpable. Mycroft retracted his hand from hers, and rested it on the top of her now gray head.
Matilda looked awful, aged more than she had been, but also dressed far more casually. Bags rested beneath her bloodshot eyes. John had the urge to go over to where they stood and give her a brief exam. When she noticed John had awoken she smiled at him. “Sorry to wake you John, it was not my intention.” He waved a hand, standing and walking over.
“It’s okay. I know.” Sherlock set the cup beside John’s hand and leant down to kiss his forehead.
“It was a long operation, but Mr. Holmes did well, and is in recovery. If you’d like to see him, you may go one at a time, however he won't be awake for another three hours, approximately.” Both men looked towards Matilda, but she had already picked up her back and stepped closer to the Doctor, who still wore spotless scrubs.
“Client.”
“Matilda.” John sighed, standing and awkwardly accepting a harried hug from the much taller woman. As she pulled away, John inspected her face. She wasn't wearing any cosmetic products today, which meant she looked like she’d only just woken. Her hair, which had always been sleek and pulled back whenever he’d seen her, was wild and surrounding her thin face. Her clothes were baggy and clearly put on in a fast panic, trying to get out the house. The overall look was one making her look years younger, and yet so much more tired than her usual put together self.
“Thanks love.”
"We can't allow him to drag us down with him. The best way to prove we are not on the same low level as him is to work twice as hard and do three times as well." He spoke calmly, flicking through a file.
"Then lets get to work." He glanced up at her, allowing a real smile to slip through.
John has had a very long day. It had begun with a small child vomiting on his new shoes, and had ended with an elderly man in need of a helping hand with pulling something out of his rectum. Overall, a shit day. The thought of tea, crap telly, and some takeaway was one of absolute delight. He’d come home, to raised voices, one clearly Sherlock’s and the other the shrill voice of a woman, who was certainly not Mrs. Hudson. John hurried up the stairs.
“Really?” Her gaze was far away, seeing a memory he had no hope of recognizing.
Looking now, the fear was still there, but relief was beginning to pool through. Matilda’s eyes wandered, landing on their hands. Her wedding and engagement ring set looked so odd being held by his hand, usually so strong but now limp in her grasp. “I’ll be back in no time, but Sherlock wants to see you too.” She squeezed his fingers tight, before letting them go with reluctants. “He never calls, but he’s there when he needs to be, isn't he my love?” She released a weak laugh, before walking out slowly, every bit of her telling her to stay.
Sherlock allowed it all, recalling his own difficulty with Mycroft's death, his still persistent feeling of loss. John had been his rock in the most troubled periods of his grief, and he was determined to return the favor, even if it meant a severe lack of Chinese.
"It seemed we meet again."
The wound, was that she had hidden her health issues from him, her only remaining family. She had sat on her doom like a cat with knowledge of their upcoming death, and gone without giving him the chance to make amends, or remind her that even through all the shit she put him through- he loved her. Had loved her when she called him in Uni, drunk and incoherent. Had loved her when she didn't show up to either of his weddings. Had loved her despite never calling, despite never caring, despite never loving him back.
“Children.” Mycroft’s voice sounded odd, even in his own ears.
It wasn't till the front door could be heard snicking shut that John raised an eyebrow to Sherlock.
The hospital called him early in the morning, waking him from his sleep, forcing him to raise his head from the warm crook of Sherlock’s elbow, and give attention to his madly vibrating phone. The call was short, filled with the fake sympathy he heard in the voice of many a nurse at his surgery, who spoke with such sugar sweetness it burned the tongue. Sherlock sat beside him, having being woken as well, listening in closely.
Mycroft shook his hand, while John’s face continued to display confusion. “Sherlock assured me you wouldn't mind-” The British Government spoke with a smile far more real than John had ever seen him display before, “I’ve brought my wife as guest.”
“Yes, perfectly fine.” She left soon after, leaving only a meaningful look into Sherlock’s eyes, and a wave to John.
John’s breath caught harsh in his chest, but his eyes remained clear. “Yes, I….. Thank you.” They sat silent, John’s phone slipping out of his hand, and between his legs. Sherlock, clever enough to make up with his mind, what he’d missed with his ears touched John hesitant, testing waters, before wrapping him up in full. John lay beneath the sheets till late afternoon, in efforts to understand.
They were getting married. John’s first marriage had yielded a baby that wasn't his, and a wife that wasn't who he thought she was. This time, John was sure, his spouse, his husband, would yield joy, and nothing but.
“No” the smack of lip on lip echoed in John’s head, “She’s fine.”
‘It’s fine. Are you alright?” He didn't know this woman, but if she was a client, then she was coming for help. And John, instinctively, was a helper.
John turned to the woman. So this was…. Mycroft’s wife!?  Mycroft had a wife!? Her silver gaze watched him, her smile upturned. She towered over both him and the other two men in her tall heels. She wore a simple fitted black dress, and her hair was twisted up into an elegant bun. Mycroft wrapped a suited arm around her waist. Yes, John thought, I suppose they do make sense. Birdlike and watchful, the both of them.
“I’m his wife. I’d like to go first please,” She turned to John and Sherlock. “If you two don’t mind.” It wasn't a question, just a polite version of saying ‘I’m going first and that's the end of it.’ They nodded in agreement nonetheless.
The case they were working on was a national diplomats, and was considered hush hush. Mycroft doubted the mind of however had decided Fowling could be involved in anything needing a delicate hand, considering he'd gone to the press by the second day.
John sat with Matilda as Sherlock good as ran to see his brother.
The ceremony had been small, and John had not noticed a single person in the crowd. Not Harry, nor Mycroft, not Lestrade, or Molly. Even Mrs. Hudson’s large feathered hat wasn’t noticed by him. Sherlock, in his tuxedo, top hat, and glistening eyes, was all John had bothered with the entire time. It wasn't till after, when the guests all gathered around them to wish congratulations, did John notice someone besides Sherlock, and that was Matilda.
They’d gotten home long past one in the morning, a case that was open and shut, but had them filling papers late into the night. John’s back was sloped with fatigue, and his eyes drooped downward. “Mm’gonna take a shower. Join if you want, sleep if you don’t.” His words slurred ever so slightly as he padded down the hall to the toilet.
"It's fine." He bent down to pick up the paperwork, but startled a bit when thin, pale hands began helping him pick the scattered bits of information.
Fifth
Sherlock took the form of observer, recording the changes in John’s (and therefore his own) eating habits, how all of a sudden the beer within the belly of their fridge disappeared. How the bourbon John kept on a top shelf was gone. Noticed how more vegetables and chicken began to creep into their diets. How John began insisting he drink more water, along with the toast he was often force fed in the morning. How a multivitamin was gently pushed into his palm, and yogurt began making a regular appearance as snacks, in replacement of chocolate biscuits. Trips to the grocer began to bear more bags, and their nights consisted of far fewer take outs. Even after a case, tired and starved, John would demand to cook rather than order.
He didn't think of her again. That is, until the day they met again.
“How common.” The smile that slowly spread on both faces canceled out the words.
She came up and gave him a warm hug after Molly had done the exact same. “Hello John, So happy to welcome you into the family!” He spluttered, looking between Sherlock and the tall woman. Could they be siblings? Did Sherlock have a sister he’d never spoken of? Hadn’t he said she was just a client? It was possible. Sherlock was notorious for never telling him things that “weren't important”. Not only that, but the two did look semi-similar.
"Marry you?" Matilda's eyebrows rose. "Now?"
“They aren't finished operating. We’re just… waiting." Sherlock's voice paused at the outrage at being forced to wait for anything this important. "It’s ludicrous. They should have let John in, I don’t see why they wouldn't let a perfectly qualified army surgeon in to assist, it makes no-”
Sherlock watched his partner with some attention, but he knew John would be okay. Harry was the type of person that no one could hold onto in Sherlock’s opinion. It made her hard to love, if you stayed too close. The distance that John had in Harry’s life was what allowed him to love her (even if only a bit), despite her numerous faults.
“You aren't wrong.”
Matilda collapsed into the chair John had been sitting in, looking for all the world as if she’d deflated. There was nothing she or he, or any of them could do. It was in the hands of the surgeons now.
"No, really. I'm very sorry. Its a safe bet you had these all in a particular order. If you like, I could help you put them back. I've very good at it." He blinked, taking in the bags under her eyes (still noticeable despite the makeup she wore) and the blond bun that sat at the nape of her neck. Law studies, judging by the attire. Ah, and the shoes of course. The eyes only went to support it. She was from a Norwegian family, first generation judging by the accent. Not even there, but still lingering on the wisp of her words. The pride of her parents for going into such a prestigious career, and school. Only 24, if the lines in her face were telling the truth.
So Harry’s death wasn't worth much to him. However the reason for her passing was. She’d drunk herself silly throughout life, and not only that, but lead a life filled with takeout and crisps. In this, John thought they were eerily alike. Sherlock and he ate far too much junk, and he himself drank more than he was meant to. He resolved that if Harry’s death was going to be worth anything, it would be worth his own shift in lifestyle.
He pulled back, "We ought to stand and move. The settee is hardly the appropriate place for this." He whispered, tracing a kiss along her jawline. She stood without another word, and let the skirt drop to her feet, stepping out of it elegantly. The heels she wore made a clicking sound that sent shivers down his spine as he took her in, their eyes meeting heatedly. Her hands unbuttoned her blouse slowly, revealing the bra that matched her pants. He did the same to his shirt, the reveal much less exciting in comparison to hers. Matilda stepped close, her hair which usually was pulled back now billowed around her thin face in an angelic halo. She was taller than him in her heels, and it did strange things to him in the pit of his stomach. Her hands slid from his bare chest to the button of his trousers. Mycroft caught her gaze, and didn't leave those grey eyes till he was just as naked as she was.
"Bedroom?"
Matilda’s glare had softened, and she reached to hold his hand. “I love you. Do you need anything?” He rolled his eyes.
"I know."
John had gone out, on a simple café date with a semi-attractive woman and he is feeling lighthearted and glad as a result. They had spoken about normal things, and Sherlock’s name had only been mentioned twice, once when asked where John lived, and once when he explained who he lived with.
He climbs the stairs with more bounce in his step than usual, and does not realize Sherlock has a guest till he has not only put the kettle on, but also flipped through the mail. He turns into the living room, about to ask if Sherlock had paid the electrical bill, and sitting on the “client chair” is a woman with cheekbones that rival Sherlock’s. Her eyes are similar to his in the way that they are unusual, but rather than green-blue, they are a silver-gray that is incredibly piercing. John can’t speak for a brief moment, before he regains this very important ability and introduces himself. She rises from the chair, smiles with closed lips, takes his offered hand, and speaks.
"What a bloody idiot. Now the entire public knows about this, and we seem incompetent as well." Her gaze, grey and piercing, matched the feeling Mycroft was having quite well. Cold fury, bottled for later.
It took a few months of just the food changes, but soon a gym membership was made in both their names, and Sherlock’s already rare cigarettes were even less frequent. John was closing the door on their unhealthy habits. All that remained of the detrimental lifestyle they’d retained previously, was the work.
It had happened quite suddenly, but they were kissing. Her lips and his were mashed rather uncomfortably, but he wouldn't have it any other way. She was a light weight on his lap, a leg on either side of him. His hands had slid along her sides, and he found himself counting her ribs automatically in the back of his head, as his fingers traced them. Her hands were busy in his thinning hair, tugging at it. They separated only for a quick breath, before meeting once again.  He slid a hand from her ribs, to her spine and then down, down, down to where the zipper of her pencil skirt (which at this point had ridden up from her knee to her thigh) was. He unzipped the tiny thing slowly, savoring the sound of it. Her hands left his hair, lips still working, and were now tugging on the buttons of his shirt.
“Mmm. It was half hearted on both our sides frankly. He has never wanted children. I’d always had a little fantasy of playing mum, however…. His job. My job. Not particularly conducive to focussing on family life, is it?” Her eyes snapped to John’s face, smile abruptly breaking through the faraway look that had taken over her face. “I’m sorry, that’s probably something you don’t particularly want to know.”
“It’s empty, John,” Sherlock said. “The only reason it was even locked was because it is not currently in use.” John could almost hear the eye-roll in his voice.
“John?” John was drawn back into himself sharply by Sherlock’s voice and the rider’s hand on his shoulder. John gasped and the first thing he noticed was that he was shaking. He turned quickly, ignoring Sherlock’s second call, and Hyperion was there ready for him, instantly picking up something wrong on the bond. John didn’t run to Hyperion’s chest though, he went for his talon, crawling under Hyperion’s finger-like claws and wedging himself in against the tougher pads of his palm.
John nearly felt light headed as his mind sped light years ahead of his mouth.
“Oh. good,” Sherlock said, still sounding a little let down, as if he’d been expecting a more exuberant reaction from John, “Dinner?” He offered John one of the boxes marked with a J drawn on top.
But the agents never came back. Time ticked by slowly and John continued to glance at the glowing green numbers of the digital clock in the cockpit. He looked out the windows at the ominously darkened warehouse scanning for any sign of movement, but there was nothing. A few minutes crawled along to ten, to twenty, a half an hour ticked by and John began to feel worry squeezing at his heart even more as no one returned. Surely a half hour would be long enough to locate Sherlock and come back.
“How very flattering,” Mycroft answers flatly.  “What is the favor, Sherlock?”
Because they don’t know you as I do.  You’re not careless, John.”
“Okay,” John says slowly.  “How
“Play for me?” John asks.
“I won’t be sad anymore, I promise,” Sherlock murmurs to her, letting his face rest against her downy hair.  He idly recalls the smooth strands of John’s grey-gold hair beneath his cheek as John wept into his chest.  Sherlock can’t help the squeeze of his heart, marveling at how thoroughly these Watsons hold him in their thrall.
“Oh, Sherlock,” Mycroft says quietly, the note of pity in his voice nearly intolerable.  “Are you sure that’s wise, given how much you have to lose if this goes poorly?”
The loo door muffles John’s voice but there’s something else odd about it.  He wishes he could see John’s face but given the fact that the doctor is most likely naked at the moment, it’s probably a tender mercy that he can’t.
to give Sherlock an eyeful of everything short of his cock, but as far as tests of interest are concerned, really John couldn’t have planned it better.  Halfway through the middle of his restless night of little sleep, it had occurred to John that perhaps he’d been going at this the wrong way.  Despite how (shockingly) considerate and generous Sherlock had been to John since they moved back to Baker Street, John knows that the chances of getting Sherlock to admit anything as ‘detrimental’ as romantic feelings – should they exist – would be about as likely as him writing a sonnet about Mycroft’s virtues or giving up experimenting on pieces of corpses.  In light of Sherlock’s explanations about his sexuality, however, John starts to wonder if maybe the way to get a clue as to what’s going on in Sherlock’s heart would be to get a definitive answer from his transport instead.  Maybe it’s arrogant of John to say so, but John is definitely the man that Sherlock is closest to – hadn’t he said so at John’s wedding? – so if he was going to feel that way about
“Luff Papa,” she babbles then puckers towards Sherlock for the expected kiss.  Sherlock’s eyes dart briefly towards John then back to Rosie.  He leans forward tentatively, unsure, but Rosie shows no such uncertainty.  She leaves a wet smooch on his lips and then leans back and claps her hands, clearly pleased with herself at the success of this new lesson.
to make that declaration, he’d be thoroughly gratified at John’s stunned silence in the wake of his words.  Which, really, is completely ridiculous seeing as how John speculating this very fact is what started this whole line of discussion.  And yet, here the doctor sits, flabbergasted at having the words actually spoken.
John nearly shouts.  His voice breaks at the end and he clutches at the other man’s biceps – to steady himself?  To steady Sherlock?  God, who knows – before he can speak again.  “Sherlock.  I can’t – tell me what I’m seeing.  Please.”
“You don’t have to… It’s just part of the act, isn’t it?”
Daddy.  Luff.”
Sherlock asks, although he’s fairly damn certain it’s the one.  “The Monti
John notices that the circular ones trail most of the way down his hips and disappear under the waist of his trousers.  With sudden, horrifying clarity, John has another suspicion and he dreads having it confirmed.  A textbook submission method.
“Kiss … your sock?” John questions, baffled.
John seems unable to stop rocking back and forth but his pats to Rosie’s back are distracted at best and the child is clearly aware that something is wrong, as she won’t stop howling.  Sherlock’s hands twitch towards her; John’s fingers clench at her back so Sherlock drops his arms.
“What’s funny?” the detective asks.
“No.”  It’s weak when it leaves John’s mouth.
*****
“Darling,” he huffs, “when I said ‘would you like to show Sherlock what a wonderful bee you are’, I meant ‘once Daddy puts his dressing gown on’.”
Sherlock growls out, “I
The only thing running through his mind is
“I’m safe, too,” he assures his friend.  “It’s all right now.  You’re awake and you’re here with me and we’re both safe—”
“Do you love me, Sherlock?” John asks bluntly, surprised at his own composure.  A long, tremulous moment passes and John begins to worry that maybe he’d got it wrong.
John sits back and mirrors Sherlock’s cross-legged position, although Sherlock’s fairly certain it is an unconscious move.  “Ah.  DIY, then.”  John smirks at his own joke which fizzles a bit when Sherlock merely shrugs.  “So, you’re not ….” He trails off as he visually scrambles for the appropriate term.  “… active?”
Does he ever do it elsewhere in the flat?  The kitchen or sitting room?  John knows that Sherlock wouldn’t do it on the days where he was minding Rosie; whatever lack of boundaries Sherlock may have with John, he knows that Sherlock has never been anything but responsible and deliberate in his care of Rosie.  But what about the days where Rosie is with Mrs. Hudson or Molly or the rare occasions John has gotten another sitter?  Does Sherlock use it as a stress relief when he can’t get an experiment to go right  Does he just sit back in his kitchen chair, push away from the microscope, and slide a hand down into his pajama bottoms?  Stroke himself to completion and let the bliss of it clear out his mind?  Maybe when he needs a break in a case; John can picture that being the most likely.  When Sherlock’s brain becomes a teaming hive of noise and threads of leads that won’t come together, John can imagine him stripping out of his clothing and throwing himself down in his chair, maybe draping one slender leg over the arm of it so that he can use a loose fist around his cock and long fingers inside himself ….
“You brought Lestrade.”
She recommended that John write. Nothing specific, just write: keep a journal, write a dream diary, make stories, concerns, fears, anxieties, get them out on paper during the waking hours rather than bottling them up in his head. Another piece of advice was sleeping with something warm, maybe a heating pad or a warmed up pillow. She said that with younger newly-bonded riders the warmth helped mimic the heat of their dragon next to them and aided with sleeping at home.
“What?” John replied, turning back to Sherlock, who stared up at the ceiling like he was confessing to something on a psychiatrist’s couch rather than just talking to John on their sofa.
“You smoke?” John continued, rounding the table and grabbing the elbow of the be-patched arm.
John visited Hyperion multiple times a day during Sherlock’s silent spell, not having much else to do around the flat but sit and watch the other rider breathe. Mary began her helping duties right away, accompanying Tom to Hyperion’s daily medication rounds. John got to watch as Hyperion delicately took his vitamin- and pill-laden food from her smaller hands. She also asked if she could come and play with Hyperion, Mary showed him that she too had a small flip phone she could text him with and quickly took his number. John agreed to let her play with Hyperion as long as he was around, worried about the girl’s safety. John trusted Hyperion wouldn’t hurt her intentionally, but accidents happen.
“Of course, come on, more,” John said, pulling his knees up a little to give Sherlock better access. Sherlock smiled, planting a few more kisses and nips into the skin of John’s hip as he kept those fingers going up the thigh to press at perineum and hole, spreading the slick and rubbing it in along with what was already there.
A huff from Hyperion drew John’s attention away from the now silently bickering pair. John levered himself up to see his own dragon giving Sherlock the same look as Bellamy only John was privy to the tiny incensed thought of
John left the circle of houses very much aware of the car slowly following him. It caught up to him at the first intersecting hall he came to where he stopped, trying to make sense of the signs posted high on the corners and find one pointing in a direction he thought was familiar. The back window of the car rolled down.
Sherlock groaned behind him and John abandoned all thoughts of the gilled men. Sherlock started awake suddenly, before clutching his head and going back down.
John thought, reaching out he could feel the heat radiating off of Hyperion’s scales, a reminder of the fire that this creature could also cook him with should he choose. He chuckled hysterically at the thought, watching Hyperion’s head turn as he got closer.
Sherlock looked up at the sudden noise.
“He’s just submitted the answer on his blog,” John said then he heard a shrill ringing on the other end of the line.
,” Sherlock had told him as they ate their burgers, John still with a bigger meal, having not yet given in to the allure of raw squid bits and pellets. At that moment Sherlock decided to jump up from his nuggets, which John questioned why he would even get considering how much the things looked like the fish food pellets.
John began to write, like his therapist had suggested. It took him some time to figure out how one actually blogs things. In John’s mind an online blog would make it easier for Harry to contact him if she ever wanted to again, as well as his friends should they ever look him up. A post speaking to absolutely no one went up a short time later, John’s index fingers pecking out a first short message.
In the bin of the cart there were a couple of canisters in a bucket along with a rather hefty looking pile of bleeding red meat. Remembering Sally’s words from the previous day’s dinner, John saw clearly that it was fit for humans. Some of the large hunks did retain the bones. A large knife sat in the bucket with the canisters and Tom unsheathed it to reveal what looked like an almost-new sharp carving knife.
John followed him a short time later, leaning over against the back wall of the dim alcove, still gently playing with Sherlock’s hair as he drifted away.
“So if I need to find you or any of the other Masters?” John asked, still studying the Aerie map on their way back to his flat, finding smaller things, like the grocery stores, and public showers, and the taxi pick up points along the edges for people without cars wanting to go into the city.
what he sounded, like had heard it weeks before and willfully ignored it as if he could erase the sound of that deep baritone moaning against the bathroom tiles like Sherlock claimed he could erase things off his own ‘hard drive’ of a mind. John pushed his hand further down at the thought of that brief faint noise. He circled the base of his heavy cock with his fingers holding and feeling the hot pulse there as it filled and throbbed. John let out a soft huff of air as he pulled his fingers along the shaft, skin tightening and nerves sparking as the ring ran over the solid length, pushing his foreskin up over the swollen head of his cock and just holding there just under the rim, teasing and continuing to feel the hot pulse beneath his skin. He felt his face warming as well. How would Sherlock handle himself? John hadn’t seen his cock yet, even though the man had roamed the flat nearly naked multiple times. John’s imagination ran wild as it had before, only this time it knew that soon, soon he would actually get a chance to see Sherlock completely naked, hard and flushed. He would know if Sherlock was a grower, if he liked firm or soft handling, what other noises Sherlock would make if he moved just so.
“What have you told them?” John asked, licking his lower lip and glancing at the rest of the table, who’d resumed their own conversations, Mrs Hudson sneaking Angus a bit of egg left on her plate.
“You are like a toddler, stupid and easily entertained. Everything in these classes will be new to you and you will be soaking up fresh information. I, on the other hand, grew up with this, I was born and raised with a dragon looming over me; all this is old, stale, repetitious, dull. I get to sit and let my brain rot while another rider putters around the blackboard reciting things I knew by the time I was 8.” John watched Sherlock’s eyes dart over the pages in his hand, tall man leaning with his back against the door jamb next to him with a disgruntled frown slowly growing on his face.
It sounded like people were talking about him and Hyperion as though they were heroes or something. Hopefully nothing bad would come from that talking. A little gossip was one thing, but if something started and blew out of proportion, before John joined the Aerie properly. “Yeah, total rubbish,” John replied, “It wasn’t exactly a firefight either though, sorry, we were between skirmishes sort of. One of my men spotted Victor’s parachute in the bush and turned out Hyperion wasn’t far away. Honestly, it was an accident, never heard of any of this bonding stuff before. We were ambushed after the bonding, though, that’s how I got hurt, if anyone was wondering,” John said, looking over to Hyperion, who was making the bond veritably buzz with eager anticipation.
Mike chuckled at him, “She’s a clingy one once she’s on you,” he said coming over and taking her from him. She went willingly into her keeper’s arms. “But no, Sherlock, he’s a little hard to pin down. I wouldn’t hold my breath waiting for him, he just shows up. Like an outdoor cat, you don’t see em’ for days at a time then they show up on your back step with a dead rat.”
“Yes sir,” John replied, watching the dragon lie with his head on cool stone while the crowd around him slowly cleared.
Until the throbbing pain in his head caught up to him and John noticed the other aches, the scratches on his face, the road roughed areas of his back, and a new feeling of metal grating digging in down one side of his body. John didn’t even have to open his eyes to know that he wasn’t somewhere good. Also his clothes had gone missing, so to top the whole miserable situation off, he was naked again.
“We don’t eat them, do we?” he said around a mouth of food. His stomach started to feel a little wobbly at the thought, preparing to chuck what he’d eaten already.
Sherlock didn’t hesitate and followed, quickly taking the lead from John as they walked towards the exit. John stopped in front of the open smaller door though, blocking Sherlock’s path.
“I did no such thing,” Sherlock said, obviously feigning hurt that John would imply such a thing. “I told her that I was studying the spawning habits of a particular type of fish tonight.” He admitted with a smirk.
“Tongue out,” He commanded holding out the tiny scrap of meat. Hyperion stuck his long tongue out straight for John to reach. John put the piece on the tongue and watched as Hyperion sucked it back into his mouth, a tiny ripple of his throat indicating he’d swallowed it.
“Call him down,” John said quietly, pressing his cheek to Hyperion’s neck in an effort to draw warm distracting comfort from the contact.
“He is right, Sherlock, we could have left it there,” John said quietly.
John worried about what would happen to Sherlock and himself if they didn’t leave before the police arrived. Being unable to leave the aquarium, especially with the knowledge that someone out there wanted them, meant they couldn’t go to jail. Not unless the police really wanted an unpleasant fishy smelling surprise come morning. And Sherlock was not coming round; he still lay, limp, in John’s arms.
“Days?” John was caught between the two amused women and he ended up facing Irene again “How long have you been here?” he asked, suddenly remembering that she had said she was one of his ‘escorts’ home.
But Sherlock seemed to see the small amount of orange fade from John’s red skin. He suddenly arched from the couch, all that tension of staying in his small tucked position making him look like he was about to spring at John. He didn’t; he remained in a spiny arch suspended over his mate, shaking and making angry serpentine motions to see all around John as though he were checking to see how much color John had just let fade.
“We’ve seen it before: they get depression like we do, and it shows about as well,” Molly said, a faint frown creasing her forehead. “PTSD too, we’ve been seeing that crop up in them after the recent wars, and the only indicators we get before we can try helping are going to be through you.” Her mouth formed a thin line and John could tell that even though she had worked with them for years this problem was still not an easy thing for her to see. He had seen both of those set in in humans, hardened soldiers flinching and ducking at the smallest sounds that might even begin to resemble a bullet or slumped in a stupor in their beds with barely the will to live on. He couldn’t begin to imagine what either of the tragic illnesses looked like in a creature the size of Hyperion.
“I’m not going to tell them,” John replied with an air of playfulness. Sherlock’s eyebrow rose momentarily, appraising John, before it fell and he went back to downing his undoubtedly cold tea.
“Bit him,” Sherlock grunted.
“Oh, it’s no problem. I just called them in, everyone on time today.” A wide grin split the pale, slightly rumpled-looking Irishman’s face. The poor man looked like he hadn’t seen the sun in ages, and he raked a hand through his greasy looking hair again as Sally spoke to him.
“Hmm, maybe,” John replied, still sipping his, enjoying Sherlock’s post-coital clingy side. They stood there leaning against each other for a little longer until Sherlock suddenly separated from John, taking the lovely warm sheets with him. Sherlock knelt next to the door and picked something up.
“Honestly? Yes, I wanted to let her out. But she also needs a bit of a soak, and Hyperion does need assistance, why not take advantage of that situation in order to satisfy another one?” Sherlock asked, looking down at John from his perch on Bellamy’s shoulders. John just smiled at the thinly veiled attempt to make what Sherlock was doing sound purely selfish.
“Mmmm, come on John,” Sherlock moaned trying to shift a bit and only causing John’s cock to slip back down between his arse cheeks. John huffed a laugh and took himself in hand, guiding the head back to Sherlock’s anus and finally pressing inward.
The bond, Sherlock wanted John to give Hyperion the bond. John tried to focus on it, tried to share the feeling with Hyperion without all of his own tension and fear muddling it. He saw tendrils of Hyperion’s end of the bond in his mind and reached out for them. The best way for John to describe what he felt come from the other end was like Hyperion leapt up to met him, like a dog meeting his owner at the door. The happiest brightest feeling imaginable slammed into John’s end of the bond and suffused everything. Absolute bliss blew away the terror making John’s heart slam against his ribcage.
“What?”
A mental red flag trying to pull John’s attention away from the horrible memory of war and gore.
“Well, that’s good to hear, I’ll be happy to be working with you.” John said offering his hand to shake hers, with a smile of his own.
The man smirked. “A rider who is far your superior,” he said, a note of pompous superiority in his words. “And one who would be willing to provide a rather generous supplement to your current wages if you would do me a… a sort of favor.” His smirk curled at the edges, reminding John a bit of the Grinch with a scheme, and John did not like it.
“I do care for you,” Sherlock said again softly, leaning into John’s side.
“Condoms,” John choked out.
“It’s true: clear pupil dilation, nostrils flaring, blushing, he was flustered, hot and bothered you might say, before he sent us and the nestlings away, not to mention the state of his clothes and the sort of spring in his step when we returned…” Sherlock drifted off raising an eyebrow at John, implying something.
“We’re not allowed to, he says he doesn’t care what other riders say, he is Mr Moriarty, our teacher. We get to call him Jim if or when we get our dragons and become proper riders and keepers,” Mary said seriously.
This is the chapter that earns this fic its E rating. That is your warning.
Hyperion’s brows rose at the sudden confrontation, bond echoing his face with a small startle. As John stood there his face relaxed again, but the mood tensed slightly as a new picture flowed across to John. Many dragons, colony, family, curled together, bodily contact, winter snow circling a large hot pile; the picture changed seasons and the pile dispersed, groups and pairs lazing on each other still, bodily contact, family, contact, contact, contact. John shook his head as the picture became more intense and that feeling of touch starvation hammered at him. Hyperion quickly backed off, an apologetic feeling softly washing across John’s mind as John rubbed his temples with index finger and thumb. Hyperion’s nose gently pushed at John, the guilt at having done whatever it was he had done coloring the bond.
“It was two years ago and ended with a rather viciously thrown bowl of sprouts shattering a window. We don’t do Christmas dinners.” Sherlock said, face darkening at having to remember.
“what?” John asked, thoroughly worried by now.
When Sherlock spoke again it was with a calm quiet, “Will you be heading back to the flat?” as he picked up the bag containing his leftovers.
The next area was Stapleton’s, most of which consisted of large barns and grassy courtyards with only a handful of actual pits. Lestrade showed him where the nesting grounds were: large well covered warm domes, each with floors covered in sand and viewing balconies. There were people there actually tending to a couple dragons and their eggs. The human hospital was in the same area of the Aerie and John was sure he’d be visiting soon, having to meet with his therapist about his shoulder.
By the end of the session John was at best aching again as the therapist helped him back into the sling, reminding him she’d be back again for another session tomorrow. Hyperion snorted at her as she left and instantly nosed at John a bit, making sure he was okay and in one piece.
As John crept towards the noise he nearly stumbled across a handful of knocked out people along the way, all dressed and wrapped to the nines in scarves and hats and such. John wasn’t going to take the time to unwrap them, but it was a safe bet that under it all they had gills and markings and sharp teeth and belonged to Jim. Another large splash made him pick up the pace a bit.
Hyperion responded with a sigh of a huff. He knew John had his anxieties about flight. John knew if he dug hard enough into Hyperion’s end of the bond he’d find the prickling hurt of knowing his rider didn’t actually want to fly with him. He knew Hyperion was privy to the nightmares that still plagued him, though their frequency had greatly diminished lately. Falling, over and over and over, loads of scenarios that ended with John rushing towards the ground with nothing to catch him. Even the ones that ended well still involved plummeting and then Sherlock would catch him. John still hadn’t put too much thought into the fact that Sherlock in his dreams had a lovely sheen of silver scales, or even why it had to be Sherlock at all really, but he was sure that meant something too.
“Your new rider is nice, I hope you know,” she said, using her raised position to scratch above his eyebrow ridges good and hard. John felt a small burst of happiness at the scratching.
“Aw, I love you too,” John replied trying to lighten Sherlock’s mood before it went any darker.
made his face sour in the face of such humor.
“Sherlock! Sherlock!” he called, voice echoing down empty halls of lockers and doors. The more halls and empty rooms John came across the more that feeling of panicked urgency swelled in his chest: was he too late? was the killer already gone, leaving Sherlock choking to death, poisoned, in a cabinet somewhere? John broke into a run, calling for Sherlock constantly now. He turned the corner into an empty classroom and there Sherlock was, straight ahead through two windows in the building across the courtyard. He and an older man with grey hair stood facing each other and Sherlock had his hand to his mouth. John slammed his hands against the window, screaming, “Sherlock!!”
John managed to wedge himself into the crook of Hyperion’s elbow right next to the dragon’s large heart. John lay with his back to Hyperion’s chest, staying off his still slung arm, and  absorbed what he could of the dragon’s comfort and warmth. Every time the crate juddered in any way John tensed and his heart beat faster; he’d clutch at Hyperion’s thick-scaled forearm a little more and curl himself tighter against the heat at his back. He’d remind himself to breathe steadily, that nothing was going to happen to him, that he was perfectly safe, and with those thoughts he fitfully dozed with his dragon.
“That sounds good.” John pecked him back and Sherlock straightened up.
“Do sit down,” he said, gesturing to the chair across from him
a couple, Sherlock, congratulations dear.” She tittered happily.
“You were looking at me and you looked concerned,” Sherlock’s head tilted questioningly as he pushed himself out of the chair and stalked towards John. Before John could stop him he’d plucked the small laptop from its so named place.
John’s thoughts cried, amongst the swirling thoughts of where to run.
“Oh, Christ, this is for an actual case this time, why didn’t you say so?” He got up from his desk quickly. Mike scooped up Cherie, who was trying her damndest to ruin Sherlock’s trouser leg, and took the evidence bag.
John was halfway down the street heading towards Regent's park before he noticed it was dark out. Baker Street was quiet, not a soul around, a car or two moving on the road itself but otherwise it was the middle of the night. The air was damp threatening rain, and the only light out was the yellowy glow of streetlamps. John stopped for a moment realizing that he wasn’t even in a human form; he’d been so upset when he slammed the door at 221b that he hadn’t even taken the moment to become more than a blob squidging down the street.
“That was you?” As John looked he did recognize the red. “Erm, thank you, for helping us,” he finally said.
Sherlock’s hand shot out to grab his arm however, stopping him and making John look back. In the pale light John could just make out Sherlock’s face and his features looked worried. He wasn’t saying anything just looking at John like he was about to go walking back to the war. The hand dropped away as though Sherlock had just realized what he’d done and was ashamed.
He did look surprised when John appeared at his side.
John knew what the motion was from reading about it, aggressive mimicry, caudal luring. Melinda though much smaller than Bellamy was using her bright lure of a tail to distract from the toxic fanged mouth nearby. Sally reached up and lightly swatted Melinda’s jaw.
“I am the head of all the Aeries in the United Kingdom,” Mycroft said, with barely concealed pride.
“John, much as I enjoy hearing my name on your lips throughout the day, would you kindly shut up at this moment?” Sherlock replied with a huff, looking up from his curious inspection of the shoe.
“I think Hyperion would like some new plants,” John said, refocusing on Sherlock, who had left him standing next to the propped up watering barrel and had gone to the storage chest containing the gardening tools. “Just please, nothing too... scented, I guess is what he’s getting at.”
John reasoned, going back to his favorite spot in the shelter of a shoulder, near Hyperion’s heartbeat.
“Feels very good love,” John replied lazily, small twitches and shivers crossing his form as Sherlock tickled him.
“There wasn’t any need to rush,” Sherlock interrupted just as quiet and serene as before. John shut his mouth with a small click. He honestly could have just ignored the text and continued on his way to the cafeteria. But that pull from before, the one that had called ‘come on it might be something interesting’ had lured him back to Sherlock, and there he stood.
“One more thing,” she said pulling out an empty syringe. She went over to Hyperion’s good foreleg and quickly and easily found the spot she was looking for sticking him one more time and drawing a blood sample, all the while Hyperion was emitting a very low growl.
John coughed, looking away, “Yes, since I was a boy,” he said shortly.
“Are you going to tell me why those men had gills like us?” John asked Mycroft as the man was turning to leave.
“Ah,” was his only remark on the fact that they’d broken into a nesting dragon’s area. John had read a little about how nesting worked out of sheer curiosity, considering having a male dragon meant he’d probably not have to deal with that side of the Aerie in the near future. There was a reason that only particular Aerie workers worked with eggs: depending on the dragon species it could be a dangerous thing bothering a broody mother dragon.
“You can’t do that again, you putting yourself in danger just to prove you’re clever, or whatever the hell was going on in that thick skull of yours, you scared the hell out of her”--he waved at the sleeping form of Bellamy--“and me,” John added.
They shared that gaze for a moment, a silent conversation of emotions going between them. Hyperion had a miniscule bloom of hopefulness that John couldn’t bring himself to snuff out. On the outside John’s head gave a small quick shake of no, the shades of panicky fear getting the better of him for a moment and squeezing his heart. He saw the hope die on the bond and he couldn’t let that happen, Hyperion deserved this, he needed to fly, whether John wanted to or not.
“No… no we’re not,” the man slurred in response, squinting up at John. John moved to block the sun from the injured man’s eyes, since his helmet and eye cover were missing.
“Bellamy!” John said out loud, startling a passerby who had skirted around him. Bellamy could find him. Bellamy, bred for speed. The evening shift workers stared after him as he sprinted down the dragon hall, laptop under his arm. He reached Bellamy’s door, winded, and pushed his way inside.
John knew Sherlock enjoyed when he took the reins. Sherlock knew John had more experience and knowledge in this area of life and often seemed surprised when John managed to suss out a kink Sherlock didn’t even know he had or simply just brought a new thing into their sex life Sherlock hadn’t thought of. John had had partners before Sherlock. Much as it soured Sherlock’s skin to think about them he was grateful for the accumulated knowledge John brought to their relationship. John had been with humans and Mollisians, his sexual experiences spanning Earth, Mars, and Mollisia, “three planets” Watson indeed.
“Good man,” Tom said, still smiling. Hyperion finally nudged him away lightly and pushed his nose into John’s side, the contact helping to make him feel a little better. “You just hang onto him for a while and settle down.” Tom chuckled as John wrapped an arm over a nostril and leaned into his dragon.
Hyperion had brought his head down close, nearly nudging Tom away with his nose. “Sorry,” John said quietly. Tom leaned down to him.
“Getting to see why that one flatmate of yours chucked a teacup at you,” John said with a slight frown at being called a stupid infant. Sherlock’s eyes flicked up to meet his with a smidge of surprise in his raised eyebrows before he went back to looking at the papers.
“It’s nothing, Mrs Hudson, nothing to worry about,” Sherlock said, pushing himself up to standing and reaching for Angus to smooth a large palm across his head. There was a moment of tense judging stares as both Angus and Mrs Hudson looked down at John still sitting on the floor.
“Of course I do. You’ve got a soldier's build, lovely, stocky, muscular. Your scars are not ugly, they are part of you, your past, your story. If it weren’t for the obvious infection you sustained after the bullet, I could probably tell you the caliber of the round that brought you down. But you are handsome, from the top of your blond head to the bottom of your soles.” John jerked his other foot away from Sherlock before he could tickle that one as well.
“I figured, barely touched what you gave me as it is,” John replied awkwardly.
“Shhhh, Sherlock you’re okay, calm down, shhh, you’re not bleeding, you’re good, perfectly fine.” John crooned softly, stroking his hair and face gently. He continued to murmur soothing words as he placed light kisses to Sherlock’s forehead and held onto him.
“John don’t talk to me like an infant,” Sherlock interrupted, any lassitude gone as he squirmed out of John’s grip.
“Want me to fuck you?” John asked quietly, sitting back to see Sherlock’s response. The arm lifted away to reveal pupil darkened blue eyes staring at him. “Or not, I can think of a couple other ways to christen our bed,” John added, taking his hands away from Sherlock’s penis and putting them on his thighs, calmly stroking through the sparse hair there.
“And you,” Sherlock replied, resuming his position at John’s back with his chin hooked over his shoulder.
“Yes, no sudden movements,” he drawled quietly, turning his head just enough to look at John. As John approached, Bellamy’s eyes shifted to the bag in John’s hand and she let out a loud grumble, stopping him at the edge of her sand. Her paw turned over under Sherlock’s head and she dropped it to the sand, scooping both him and the sand he was lying on closer to her body. Sherlock huffed in indignation.
“Bit of a pyro are you?” John asked with a smirk.
“I’ll go get your keys, wait right here.” Mrs Hudson opened the door and made shooing noises at a creature named ‘Angus’ before retreating inside. Upon her return she was less successful at keeping ‘Angus’ in. Angus was some kind of small dragon, one of the ones in the book that he’d missed, no doubt. The thing was bigger than a great dane and in its startling flurry of an appearance had managed to pin John against Sally’s jeep. “So sorry about him,” Mrs Hudson apologized. “Angus, leave the poor man alone.” She called to the whirling dervish of color that was Angus and the narrow grey head with piercing, nearly heliotrope, eyes on a weaving neck turned away. He calmed with a throaty croak in Mrs Hudson’s direction. The many-colored fans and frills flaring in apparent excitement to meet John folded away, lying flush to stoney grey scales. All tucked away and wings folded, if Angus curled up against one of the Aerie’s grey stone walls or in an alcove somewhere he’d probably camouflage well, until he opened his eyes, shockingly purple turned red around the pupils.
“Without you, John, I… We wouldn’t be here, we’d still be stuck in that godforsaken fish tank,” Sherlock replied, quickly kissing him again before trailing lips across John’s cheek and burying his face in his neck. John chuckled as that soft mouth set about sucking at a spot there where once gills had been in the way.
John looked up at that, "what do you mean?"
Dimmock huffed. “Fine, but the shoe is not leaving the lab and when you’re done with it it goes with me as evidence.”
“Y-Yes?” John glanced back at Sherlock’s rapidly retreating form before facing her as she stepped in close, her high heels making her seem to tower over him.
“Want me to have my way with you?” John murmured, cheek pressed to Sherlock’s skin nuzzling against him. Sherlock’s mind keened a positive sound into his, the entire body below John wriggling and seeking more stimulation, anything John could give him.
Sebbie did not take long to get up and retrieve her knife again. She began approaching John with the original intent to slice him open, revenge for the scar marring her face clear in her eyes.
The case there is a tag SH
In the moment of quiet John suddenly realized what he’d just said. He’d said he loved Sherlock. He hadn’t even told Sherlock that to his face yet. A shrinking feeling squeezed John’s heart at the thought that if he didn’t manage to get Sherlock back to the aquarium before dawn he might never get to tell him.
“She’s found something.” Sherlock said, but he didn’t sound happy about that, like he had so far, the excitement of the case seemed to melt away and be replaced by a different sort of energy: this was danger. His voice carried a slight note of horror to it as he bolted towards the next road, John having to force himself to try and forget about the phantom pain in his leg and run after him.
“Dragon, yes,” Sally finished for him.
“Happy to indulge in a bit of human kinkiness with you, love,” John said with a grin in his voice.
“I know exactly what you’ve gotten up to today,” he said, walking calmly around the table. “Considering that you came from a warzone, one would imagine you would stay far away from Sherlock.” He stood tall over John, but after that initial step back John held his ground, still meeting the intimidating and peculiar man’s gaze.
“But isn’t it evidence? Shouldn’t that be the police’s job?” Sherlock sniffed at that, looking over at John out of the corner of his eye.
“What do you want?” Sherlock snapped again, holding the screen up closer to his face.
“And where do you think you’re going?” John asked taking steps to follow him.
“Wait, who am I sending this to?” John asked, pausing in keying in the address.
he thought hysterically, trying to get his new body to work and get to the little rock hidey holes at the bottom of the tank. The same tuna who kept nudging him kept forcing him back upwards though, and John didn’t have enough control of his body to resist. Eventually he realized that fish don’t really need clothes exactly, and went back to floating and getting bumped by the one dark tuna as well as the other more mobile fish and sharks who couldn’t give a toss he was there.
Sherlock was still with her, putting away the saddle for the day. He looked up the moment he heard the door open. “Want to talk now?” he said with a laugh on his breath.
“Only to my flat, all right?” John said, opening the door. Anthea huffed a small laugh before going back to her phone. The rest of the car ride was quiet, John watching the halls this time, glancing up at the signs every time they slowed at a corner. They passed workers as they went and John wondered if they recognized the car, if it was a regular feature in the Aerie. So many questions he wanted to ask Hyperion, but the dragon still lay napping on the other end of the bond and John didn’t want to wake him unless necessary.
After the momentary shock of
John’s mind started spinning scenario after scenario of what may be taking the professionals in bullet proof vests so long.
Hyperion carefully opened his claws and John stood, still a little shaky but better. He grabbed his cane and hobbled towards Sherlock. “Come on Hyperion, need to get you home,” John said, looking back up at the dragon who bowed his head and gave John a gentle prod with his nose.
Hyperion’s large scaly nose butting into him lifted John’s mood almost straight away. It was hard to stay upset when Hyperion’s end of the bond surged with affection on contact. Mental scatterings of
“It is a bond,” She paused, perhaps to see how he’d react to the information. When he gave her only a blank stare, she continued. “Dragons form bonds with their riders. These bonds create a mental link between rider and mount, which allows for communication. The communication manifests more like emotional transference. The dragon feels upset, angry, joyous, or anything, it can share this with its rider.” John was still listening quietly, but this time he had something to say.
And suddenly there were lips involved, Sherlock’s hands were holding, cradling, the back of John’s head, tilting it up so that Sherlock could come down and plant his lips against John’s. John’s eyes popped wide as though Sherlock’s lovely soft lips had just blown away the grappa haze momentarily.
“What about Victor?” John suddenly remembered the corpse that had been strapped to Hyperion’s back.
Even with one ear and eye blocked he managed to spot Sherlock, he was still tightly wrapped in the netting, one of the shark men, pinning him so that he couldn’t struggle away, but he’d managed to clear his face so he could see and hear them talking. The net actually seemed to have helped in that respect, rough surface helping to rip away the slime.
“That’s not funny,” John said, looking over Sherlock’s shoulder at the picture of a bigeye tuna. He certainly was more colorful than Sherlock was in fish form, with bright yellow streaking down the sides and a lighter blue on top. Sherlock was more black-blue and silver than John was, and of course, even as a fish, bigger.
John wondered, patting at Hyperion’s nose to get him to stop nudging him. The panicked feeling gone down, Hyperion acquiesced and laid his head on the mat, cheek pressed to John’s side.
“Touch him again, and I’ll toss you out myself,” John said darkly from the kitchen doorway, skin reflecting his tone as an extremely angry maroon color. Lestrade only rarely ever saw John turn that dark of a color but he certainly knew what it meant. Mycroft was overstepping bounds. even though the brown spot was already fading from Sherlock’s skin, the fact that it was there at all was enraging to John as Sherlock’s mate. Mollisians didn’t touch like Mycroft just had. Sure, they brushed each other like humans do sometimes in passing, but as a whole they tried not to whenever necessary and to forcefully touch another like Mycroft had, hard enough to transfer color, it just wasn’t done.
,” John sang quietly looking up at the snow accumulating on the large wreaths that flanked each side of the massive doorway.
John had relocated to the sofa and dozed off watching TV with Hyperion tuned in across the bond. It was something he’d only just started doing after they’d shared the flight together. It seemed to use energy, because it always ended up making John tired after some time of doing it. In 23 years Victor hadn’t tried this with him. Any television Hyperion had seen had been through windows or via the big screens on the sides of buildings in cities, Victor hadn’t let Hyperion just have the bond and watch it through his eyes. This was something brand new to both of them for once, and it made John smile and a little tug of happiness pulled at his heart for Hyperion. Hyperion liked watching TV. He liked watching the silly humans do things and talk and laugh, things that weren’t especially funny to John or might have been worn out tropes made Hyperion’s end of the bond rattle with humor and happiness. He didn’t much care for very dramatic or violent things and John didn’t blame him, saw a lot of it in the wars and didn’t want to see it at home. It was easy enough to avoid.
“He shouldn’t have been out in the first place,” she snapped back.
When they came to their home tank with is massive head statues and sharks Sherlock stopped and stared at it, just sort of staring into nothing for a moment and John’s giggling died out.
“Restroom is over there if you feel you’re going to be sick” Sherlock said from his perch above.
Sherlock responded with a huff, curling himself up into an impossibly small ball for one so tall, as though if he curled himself tight enough John would stop talking to him and grinning. The mental image of Sherlock taking some of John’s clothes, squeezing them to his face and chest and inhaling deeply nearly pulled a laugh out of him. Instead, a small note of confusion pressed at his mind from Hyperion. He’d been thinking about it hard enough to capture the dragon’s attention, and now Hyperion was curious what on earth was conjuring such humorous images.
“I do, but we don’t need to discuss it now. Right now you need to rest and recover. The flight here banged you up pretty bad; I just gave you a mild sedative to help you sleep.” She picked up his hand and showed him where the button for a painkiller was right next to his bed in easy reach. “What is going on in your head is not harmful. When you next wake up we can talk about it all you like if you feel up to it.” Helen smiled at him reassuringly. Already tired, and with the sedative pushing him the rest of the way towards sleep, John faded fast. He closed his eyes, and gave his doctor a weak ‘uh-huh’ as he drifted off back into the dreamless dark of sleep.
Time passed. For John there was a moment of horrific embarrassment when his fish body decided to defecate; that was the one time the other tuna let him flee and hide in a corner of the tank for a while. John felt completely horrified by the fact that his body had just relieved itself in front of hundreds of onlooking people.
“Pluto,” Sherlock rumbled, lowering his voice and watching John shiver a bit. He had started stroking himself a little, just a tease really to get back to full hardness again, and he let go a breathy groan as he circled under the glans with his thumb and forefinger.
The people were terrifying once there were enough of them outside. He couldn’t make out what they were saying through the water, just a garbled monstrous low babble, and then a child would bang on the glass he’d managed to drift near and the reverberating sound through the thick acrylic would startle him into movement until  he realized where it came from and went back to his listless nightmare.
John went back to the kitchen, checked their dinner on auto-pilot and then sat down with his own tea.
The meeting ended in awkward apologies after Sherlock had stormed off, prompting Lestrade, with Mycroft’s permission, to go after him. By the time John and Lestrade caught up to him in the jeep he was already a good distance down the hall heading to the airfield.
“Nothing can keep me from you now,” he told him, as a fainter wave of concern and fear washed over the back of his mind. Hyperion’s head followed him as far as his neck could stretch across the sand when John walked away, his nose barely bumping John’s back as he hit his limit. He turned at the touch and Hyperion let out a pitiful moan at John.
“No, they’re not, these are yours, you gave them to me remember?” John said raising his eyebrows at Sherlock’s long-suffering sigh.
John approached the counter and saw the same man there from the day before when he’d eaten with Mrs Hudson. “Hello, Mr Angelo.”
“Yes,” Sherlock replied shortly, shuffling towards the door of 221b. John was so happy to see that black door again with its very slightly off kilter knocker. For a brief moment he’d actually thought he’d never see it again, or Sherlock. John so wished he could just move and hug Sherlock as the emotions of happiness and gratitude and love all bubbled together at once, but to no avail. He was still a thinking lump in Sherlock’s loving grip.
“I am a medic. A doctor!” He said loudly and clearly at the intruder, and praying that the man understood at least the word ‘doctor.’ What he would give for the days when the big red cross on an armband was common; as a combat medic there was no such luck.
When they became fish in the morning John stayed right by Sherlock, brushing him with his side and fins now and then, just keeping the poor bored tuna man close company throughout the day.
“Why didn’t you tell Lestrade then, get the permits and such?” No sooner than the question had been asked and he can feel the mental equivalent of an eye roll from Sherlock.
The stories continued on into the night, Sherlock going on from case to case, sharing the small details he had stored away all in his head. Sherlock seemed genuinely surprised when John interrupted his monologue with interested comments and marveling praise.
John could hardly believe he was sitting astride an actual dragon, his mind narrowing to
John felt completely confused.“Get what over with?”
Sebbie, soaked to the skin and even more bloodied than he was, stood at the entrance to the restaurant, a wild crazed look on her face under the mask of blood and scraggly blond hair. The cashier next to John looked down at him with wide startled eyes, all of this was far beyond these poor people’s pay grades and John wished if he made it out of this alive he could make it up to them. John shook his head and pressed a finger over his lips, silently telling the cashier not to give him away. He watched Sebbie stand there in the mirror for a long moment, he could see her nostrils flaring as though she were trying to sniff him out beyond the cover of her own blood, and for a tense moment he thought she’d found him as she stared right at the mirror. But as suddenly as she appeared, she stalked off, disappearing from view, and John felt like he could actually breathe again.
“It’s a nocturnal coastal species. They start out light like this, live along the beaches and rocks along the southern coast, darken as they age and either stick to the coast or migrate inwards toward Dartmoor. Named for their eyes; no matter what the color the eyes are always white.” The body, now that John looked, was a mottled beige, like granite with black flecking all over. Sherlock started wrapping the blanket snugly around the hatchling’s body, tucking its wings and feet back in close like they had been in the egg. He wrapped as much of it as he could, leaving just its head and the end of its tail free. All the while Bellamy hovered nearby, keeping all three of them good and warm with her breath.
“Yeah, you’re going to get that for a while. Its in your shoulder too, right?”
And so John became Sherlock’s go-between. With surprisingly little fuss John took over replying to the messages for Sherlock, though in the following days John made sure to pester Sherlock out of his experimenting focus bubble plenty of times to ask him simple questions about what he would like John to say to a more personal question. And he never did end up sharing Sherlock’s birthday, replying to that question with a small “He’d rather not say,” and that was that.
Just because Sherlock was held by the shark man didn’t stop him from wriggling in his grip, turning to better see the woman standing above them. “You’ve heard of little old me? I feel so flattered,” she replied, voice dripping with mockery, holding out the hand that had been in John’s hair. Another person standing behind her placed a towel into her hand. She stepped away from John and towards Sherlock, revealing another person, another woman, a very tall one. She looked more mysterious than Jim, wearing a long dove-grey wool coat with a high collar and buttons running up one side, a pair of black leggings, and grey boots that John could swear he saw the handle of a knife peeking out of. The upper half of her pale face stuck out from a dark grey scarf and from under a fringe of blond hair a pair of cold steely eyes bored into him. John would say she was pretty if she didn’t look like she would rip his throat out.
They pressed harder together, moving like glowing sunset waves across the bed. Sherlock’s mental moans gave away how keyed up he was simply by John being there with him and a few erotic thoughts.
“Hyperion, eat up,” Tom called. Hyperion’s teeth closed and Tom let go of his end. Hyperion lifted and tossed the the powder-covered meat back like he had the other pieces. This swallow was accompanied by a scrunch of his face and a sour disgusted feeling rattling across John’s mind. John could see the clear outline of the whole slab sliding down Hyperion’s throat and was mildly fascinated for a moment by how the scales and skin beneath stretched apart as the food passed downwards. Hyperion quickly swung away, though, abandoning the feeding for his water fountain, sucking down great gulps of water.
When Mary mentioned she’d been assigned to Sherlock a couple of months before John arrived, John braced himself for a tale of unkind words and rudeness, but instead she said that Sherlock treated the nestlings very well. According to her, he gave them things when they did well, presents and snacks and the like. Mary told John that during her time working with him he’d given her a small snowglobe from Italy, a bag of chocolates from some city in Germany, and a big seashell from Malta, along with snacks like candy bars or granola on days when they worked extra hard at something.
, John thought, shuffling across the bed to sit in front of the closed frosted glass door. Sherlock wasn’t making any noise. He formed up a mouth, not wishing to just barge in.
With a last effort John shoved upwards against Paul with all his strength, managing to push the man off of him and jump bag and all out of the tank. He rolled towards the door, just trying to get distance between himself and the pair, but John felt any energy he had rapidly dwindling after that one push. He sagged against the door, scared and barely able to produce visible ripples on his skin, pushing up against the sturdy panel of wood weakly. Without the wall of Paul on top of him though John was open for Billy, who grabbed a fistfull of him and jabbed the needle viciously through the plastic.
“Why don’t you go ask Mycroft?” Sherlock spat, sitting up in his chair a little straighter, his eyes narrowing at John. Bellamy’s eyes popped open again, paying attention to her rider’s upset.
Sherlock couldn’t see John, feeling the rough thrusts of a cock frighteningly close to his unprepared anus. Rather than pleasure at the roughness of it, little flickers of a recent time, when it had turned from rough into agonizing flittered across his eyes.
John looked down at the bag of leftovers Sherlock had left at his feet and back to the blanket mound that was Sherlock, questions still abuzz and begging to be asked. It was obvious Sherlock didn’t want to be talked to, though, so he’d leave them for now. John took the bag and left, turning Bellamy’s lights off and walking out into the dark hallway. He saw maybe a torch or two still out an about but otherwise dark and quiet. He dropped the blankets off just inside the door with Hyperion, and made his way back to the flat with the food.
John looked away at that, face heating a little. He wasn’t particularly mortified by the comment, just mildly shocked by the bluntness of it.
“It could be, you don’t have to wander the streets to sing carols. The cafeteria seems like it has a nice stage for a group of singers, live christmas music in the evenings that sort of thing.” John was actually a little surprised that he hadn’t seen the center podium of the cafeteria used for that specific purpose, come to think of it it never seemed to get used at all. Something for him to look into, maybe there was a community board somewhere.
“Something wrong?” Sherlock asked quietly.
After the pair of dragons had dried and their riders had changed, John approached Sherlock, shorts in hand.
“Sebby!” cried a familiar Irish voice at a volume John had never heard it use before. Jim was on Moran in the blink of an eye and had him in a hug that squeezed the breath out of him with a grunt.
John paused, considering what to do next. He kept the rhythmic strokes going. He could finish Sherlock off like this, speed up the strokes, ratchet the pleasure through the roof and make Sherlock’s come stripe his stomach. But, he’d done that before, he knew how to make Sherlock come quick and dirty. John wanted to do something different. After all, he realized, this was their first night at Baker Street, properly home, with proper lube, and a proper bed. He kissed the nearby earlobe as he considered something he hadn’t done yet with Sherlock.
John grinned at that, finally letting himself drift towards sleep. “Okay.”
“I didn’t steal it, that hatchling was in the case. I borrowed it in order to study it, I had no intention of keeping it.”
“Morning, John,” she said, as he sat up rubbing at his face, his bad shoulder extremely stiff as he got up.
“I’m going to need a cane if this gets worse!” John replied, speaking up.
“It’s hurting when he walks. Is there anything I can do for that?” John said, the doctorly part of him concerned about Hyperion’s health; he wanted to help against the pain, but didn’t know how.
“Ooooh yes, say my name,” John groaned pushing his hand up into Sherlock’s hair and tugging slightly.
John reached for Hyperion’s neck and felt the scales shaking. He looked back at Sally before he walked to Hyperion’s head. “Hyperion,” he started quietly, “hey, I’m going to be fine. Remember Kandahar, I told you I’d come back and I did, and we didn’t even have a good strong bond like we’ve got now. You can ‘talk’ to me wherever I go, and I’ll still be right here.” John patted the side of Hyperion’s head as high up as he could reach.
“There was a second egg,” Sherlock interrupted.
John mused.
John let go of Sherlock and right away removed himself to sit on the floor. “I’m not hurting him, Angus,” John said, recognizing protective behavior.
John felt he should at least start trying to clean up Hyperion’s home, since the dragon himself had pretty much expended his energy for the day and should probably stay resting. He dragged some of the palm fronds over closer to the door, unable to really lift them with both arms so just flopping them into a pile against the wall. After a while of that though, John’s stomach decided to remind him that he still hadn’t eaten much of anything and needed lunch. He looked to Hyperion sadly, not wanting to leave again so soon but needing food.
“Can’t make my appt next Wed. Will ring to reschedule.”
“The dead rider. Hyperion was carrying him.”
“Aerie-folk do love a good story,” she replied teasingly.
“There we are, now sit still for me,” Jim said, John saw her hand go to a book in her lap, the book, the old wrinkled thing that had turned the man at the aquarium back into a shark. It struck John in that moment just what happened to Mycroft’s agents as his eyes darted from the book to the fish on the floor that the shark man had just picked up and back.
“Do you happen to know where I could find him?” John asked, carrying Cherie back over to the cabinet she’d been curled up on and trying to deposit her on it, only to have her dexterous little talons grip onto his still fairly grimy jacket.
Silence fell at that. Sherlock leaned over to lay his head on the arm of the sofa, knees still drawn up. “I enjoy your company,” Sherlock murmured. This time it was John’s turn to raise his eyebrows at him, and Sherlock said peevishly, “don’t look so shocked. You make for a nice sounding board, otherwise its just me talking to myself in an empty flat and making Mrs Hudson worry about my sanity.”
And That is the end.
Angelo just chuckled again. “You two have been the talk of the Aerie today ever since word got round that Sherlock brought in a newly hatched baby this morning. Master Knight was talking about it over dinner.”
“The blindfold,” Sherlock said.
Hyperion nudged him again, letting out a gusty warm sigh as he shifted off the wall. John caught a small spike of an apology, regret with concern, ‘I am sorry I am hurting you.’ John just pet his nose and started moving again telling Hyperion that it was okay, it doesn’t hurt that bad, if anything he must feel worse being the actual bearer of the wound. Hyperion shuffled around the corner following closely after John. They walked along, the first portion of the hall only splitting off into the smaller tunnel-like corridors similar to the ones that had led to the cafeteria and the children’s school, shortcuts between the large dragon halls and access to places that dragons weren’t meant to be. Lestrade assured John that he would be given the grand tour of the Aerie in a few days once he was properly bonded to Hyperion. The stabbing pain in John’s thigh worsened as they walked, enough that he was limping too. They came to a crossroad with another pair of wide open doors ahead, emblazoned with an intricate carving of a shield and a roman numeral two on a plaque below it. Hyperion stopped at the doors momentarily to rest again.
“Detective Inspector Ian Dimmock, he’s Lestrade’s husband, of course he know’s me,” Sherlock replied, following the trail of officers and forensics people up the dingy stairs. At the top floor of the house Sherlock darted into an open door, not even remotely out of breath from the brisk climb. John brought up the rear, caneless and leaning heavily on the banister by the time he reached the top and limped after Sherlock.
“Sherlock. Sherlock, we were talking.” The bedroom door slammed closed before John could make it past the fridge. Four days it had been quiet in the flat, aside from Mrs Hudson or Angus ducking in now and then, and John wasn’t going to let Sherlock escape. By the rider’s own words they were saddled with each other for the foreseeable future and John wanted to actually talk to the man, especially considering he was about that have to start dragging him to classes with him.
“Well, yes, actually.” John replied, pausing to think about just how many children were in the classes he’d attended. He’d been moved into a class with an older age group recently. Mary had made him promise he’d still talk to her, which of course he would even outside of class. But his newer class had about the same number of children in it as the last one. John hadn’t even given it a thought that they might not have been born here like Sherlock. “What parent would put their child into this?”
John thought hopefully as he tried to go back to sleep.
“Oh, don’t tease,” John plead, his hips twitching up into the fist Sherlock still had closed around the base of his cock, while Sherlock sat up and oh so gently began circling one long fingertip around the corona, circling on and on and on. John heard a dark chuckle from Sherlock and felt it in his balls as Sherlock bent again to mouth at them, pinning John’s cock to his belly out of the way as he lipped the delicate skin of his sac.
“We might see you around a bit more once you and Hyperion get up and working again.” Andy added, “but from what I hear that’s going to be a while. No rush, right Lestrade?” He called down the table.
“Oh, oh, good,” John panted, feeling the stretch as he finished sinking. He took a moment to just sit and feel before he finally moved, leaning forward and slipping off a little to kiss Sherlock’s open mouth. “Y’can move love,” he said, smiling at the shattered expression on Sherlock’s face.
"Would it help if I said that I've been keeping an eye on him for years?"
“I’m fine, Mrs Hudson, nothing worse than some soreness” John replied honestly; he really hadn’t sustained any damage throughout the day’s adventures, a fact he hadn’t really noticed until Mrs Hudson had asked.
Their evening continued on. John did eventually push the box over closer to his other belongings, and sleep came easily just as it had the previous nights, with calm unmemorable dreams that faded away upon waking.
The shrill noise seemed to break them both out of the relaxed bubble that had covered them, Sherlock’s hold on John tensed for a brief second before he let him go, unwrapping John and letting him reach for the source of their interruption. John did so, killing the sound and setting the boiling water to the side. They both just stood there in the renewed silence for a moment. Sherlock didn’t seem to know what to do with himself now that their moment had been shattered.
“Do dragon teeth grow back?” John asked, noticing the gaps now that she had pointed them out.
“So good of you to keep stock of my packages,” He said with a wry smile.
Sherlock laughed, “Like they were the first ones to ever do it, those restrooms have seen so much sex over the centuries you could fill volumes, but what has you so flustered, hmmm? It was a pair of men possibly, one on his knees-”
“I-I’m sorry?” John was still fairly distracted by the half naked, bloodied man sitting on his coffee table.
“I’m sorry Hyperion, I’m okay, nothing wrong, today’s just been a little crazy.” John murmured, rubbing Hyperion’s snout and pushing calm. “You’re okay, shhh, I’m not hurt, I just had a fright earlier,” Hyperion still pushed concern heavily onto John, not moving away and even trying to bring him closer; He reached out and, like Bellamy had done earlier in the day, pulled him in close to his breast in a hugging fashion, only this time it was more for Hyperion’s comfort than John’s.
John tried to grab for a weapon, coming up with a serving tray and bashing the shark man over the back of the head with it, the flimsy plastic not doing much and actually cracking after meeting the man’s thick skull. The man swung around on John and grabbed him by the throat, his scarf the only thing keeping the man’s fingers from sinking into his gills.
The next person to walk through the doors was not the one he expected. It was Mycroft, accompanied by a small handful of men all in black gear.
John thought for the fourth night in a row since he’d begun night shift. It was always in the same place: behind the scenes in the shark tank upkeep area, a long trailing puddle of water down the hall leading out into the aquarium proper. No one was scheduled to be in this late at night and yet it always appeared as though a diver had just flopped out on the floor and failed to do any sort of clean up.
John moved away from the railing leading Sherlock towards the scaffolding stairs to see the pair under water. For a Moment he had thought Sebbie would revert to simple shark instincts and tear into the blubbery mammal entering her tank, but instead the pair simply circled around each other. Jim, the more flexible of the two, clung close to Sebbie’s sides, hugging her fins and butting her whiskered face into Sebbie’s rough hide. Still a strangely loving pair even in this form.
John crossed the hall and knocked on the door; a dangerous growl met him as he opened it. Inside, Bellamy sat curled in a tight silver ball in the middle of a large hole, the pit’s floor sporting a dusting of sand from its hasty excavation. Her scales undulated with every inhale, her breaths billowing out of her almost like a human on the verge of hyperventilating; on nearly every exhale that quiet whine John had heard outside escaped her open mouth. Her pupils were small slits, like Hyperion’s when he was scared, and they were focused right on the door where John stood.
John had been then bundled into a small jeep and sped off into the Aerie, down massive halls with ceilings open to the sky and floors worn smooth by centuries of use. The Aerie was a massive ancient stone complex. As they passed, John stared, mouth agape, at huge arched doorways with worn wooden doors and painted dragons, in awe of the sheer enormity of the structures. John had never been near an Aerie, let alone inside one. The closest he had ever come were the landings for the dragons who had transported him to the war, and those had been a completely separate place away from an Aerie altogether.
settling back into the seat next to the woman who had pulled out a smartphone and was typing away on it.
“Oh and there’s a little bathroom in the back there if you need to go, and if you would like the lights off for any reason the switch is here next to the radio,” he added, pointing to a little box shaped stall at the far end of the crate and then demonstrating the lights.
Time seemed to slow; he could feel his heart thumping away as adrenalin rushed into his bloodstream and all he could really do was pray for a miracle. He clung to the thick scales of Hyperion’s foreleg and braced himself for the impact.
“Go home, Dr Watson,” Mycroft ordered, his tone clipped as he pulled John’s gaze from the eggs. He snapped his phone closed and stood over John rigid and imposing.
“What about Sherlock?” The thought popped out of his mouth quickly. He seemed healthy and fine when John talked to him but with all the trouble he’d caused…
“Sherlock, we were-”
“Drink,” John ordered sternly, getting up off the hard tile to unlock the door to the bedroom and slide it open, letting more light in. He didn’t want to blind Sherlock by turning the main lights on.
“That sounds like a fascinating case,” John fumbled, trying to maybe bring them back to that comfortable place somehow.
“You can feel him, can’t you?” Lestrade asked. John nodded. “Well, ask him then,” he prompted. “I doubt he can, but it never hurts to ask the poor creatures.”
“Any number of horrific things I’m sure, there are some parts of the world that still consider certain small breeds to be a delicacy for eating, use their skins for fashion, their bones and organs for bogus remedies. If they even survive to hatching maybe they’re sold as pets to the underground, some drug lord wants something exotic, never touches the hatchling, lets it turn feral, keeps it in a collection till it gets too large, kills it and it becomes a trophy. Could be sold to a terrorist group; did you ever wonder during the your adventures at the war front where the enemy got their dragons? Constantly sacrificing them to the war before they are mature breeding age, the stock has to come from somewhere. It’s either steal feral eggs like the Dark Ages if they’re lucky, or pay an obscene amount of money to have the eggs smuggled from an Aerie. It appears our victim was guilty of the latter.” The picture Sherlock painted was grim at best, and so far the worst thing John had heard involving the whole sort of society surrounding dragons. Sherlock began to pick up speed again, as they talked he had been leading John down the street and through a couple alleyways. Sherlock stopped and turned abruptly in the middle of the ally they’d gone down.
“Mmhmm,” was the hummed reply, even as his hips stuttered and he seemed to be trying to will the pleasurable movement to stop.
“S-Sir, this establishment is closing,” said one of the cashiers, emboldened by the sight of the black clad guards already beginning to haul away the shark pair, replacing the scarves with proper cuffs.
“I said I wanted to have you, you could be shaped like a big red sodding park bench and I’d still want you.” Sherlock wrapped around him and squeezed John back down against himself. “I love you, my John.”
“Sally,” Sherlock said coolly, leaning to look around Bellamy’s neck at her.
“You were just defending yourself,” John replied, the conversation definitely had to have been one of the stranger ones he’d ever had while naked let alone with another man and he became suddenly more aware that Sherlock was partially clothed. He reached for his own pair of pants and trousers to have some sort of cover while they continued their conversation. “I do like being around you.”
As if reading John’s mind again, Sherlock quietly asked, “Dinner?” John’s stomach finally let out a squishy grumble at the mention.
“Right,” Sherlock seemed to have forgotten about it for a moment and John’s reminder brought a slightly somber look to his face.
“And you aren’t? He’s fairly regularly assigned international work, what disqualifies him from your suspicions?”
“And what lab do you suggest he take it to, surely not the cesspool of a kitchen he uses as a laboratory,” Dimmock snapped.
“Watering the plants,” Sherlock replied, brandishing the spray nozzle in his hand hooked up to the drum behind him. John had obviously startled the other rider as much as Sherlock had him if the large blue eyes and raised eyebrows were any indicator. Sherlock hardly looked like he was about to go gardening in his usual black trousers sans black jacket and in a white button-up with the sleeves rolled to the elbows.
They continued talking even after finishing their tea. Mrs Hudson had been in the London Aerie for a long time with Angus, with only a few brief stays at other Aeries. She mentioned one last station in Florida; they’d been there along with her then-husband one more time before returning to London and staying permanently.
“Fascinating, interesting, amazing,” he sing-songed, lifting his head off the arm of the sofa a bit before hunching back down with his cheek smushed into the leather and his shoulders round his ears.
John had been wounded rather badly by a cornered murderer. A large knife had been pulled from a butcher block, a meat cleaver, they both remembered the square blade easily. The idiot had brought the cleaver down on John, splitting him open with its sharpened edge. Sherlock had immediately halted his pursuit of the criminal to take care of John. Much like a gut sliced Human, Mollisian’s do have innards, not so clearly defined like individual organs, but still something that should not be presented to air without fatal consequences. John had overheard much more offensive mouths describe his people’s insides like jam or ‘that sweet pasty stuff you get in Japanese desserts’ or any number of pie fillings.
The next sharp ‘ah’ was followed by an absolutely obscene smack of lips that made John’s face start to redden, a deep voiced playful laugh that reminded John a little too much of Sherlock’s rose out of the stall making the blood in his face decide south might be a better direction to run. The pair continued whatever they were doing oblivious to John’s presence, the higher voice of the two panting harder and harder, absolutely erotic little moans laced into the breathing.
Morning came quietly to John. Sunlight streamed into the room and as he stretched and swung his legs off the bed he felt Hyperion’s end of the bond stirring as well. They had both slept peacefully after the nightmare and the encounter with Sherlock at the wee hours of the morning. At the thought of Sherlock John started listening for any noise downstairs, but none drifted up to greet him. Considering how late he’d come in John wouldn’t have been surprised if the curious man was still asleep, shut up in his room.
Hyperion let out a great bellowing roar at them, bowing his neck over John and setting him between his forelegs, attempting to create some sort of block for the vulnerable human on the ground. The gunmen took small steps back at the force of the noise, a couple covering their ears as it tapered off with a shrill screech. The man carrying the RPG seemed unaffected, he simply slung the weapon on to his shoulder and prepared to fire at Hyperion’s head.
“Oh, nothing quite as juicy as that. People are just mostly curious about you cause you are from the field, the novelty will wear with some time.”
With an exhausted huff the dragon stopped, laying his head down as close to Victor’s body as he could. He heard a mournful sound echo out of the beast’s ribcage and his heart constricted.
“That thing you were doing, the sugar, my shoulder--”
“John?” Sherlock said again after a long silence between them, Bellamy walking next to Hyperion as usual as they crossed the landing field. “If it’s something I’ve done I -”
John felt a pang of sympathy for the both of them just then. He hadn’t really thought much about the fact that Bellamy was still very much grounded, and her rider had been sitting next to John for hours every day being bored out of his mind. John doubted she saw Sherlock much during her waking hours. The plant-shuffling the previous day was probably the most Bellamy had seen her rider in at least a week. The pair had their bond but John knew that just wasn’t the same as physically being with the dragon.
In the back of his mind it was just fueling the whatever-it-was thing he had for Sherlock, the part of him that wanted to run after him all the time, that found every single one of his cases endlessly fascinating, and also wanted to have him on his knees in front of him (or maybe the other way around), wanted to bend him over the kitchen table, wanted to run his hands all over his long naked body, and wanted to crawl onto the sofa with him, and be held or hold him, or whatever happened between them. The not-good part that wanted someone who probably didn’t want him back did or didn’t need John in return.
“What’s so bloody important now? Did you just get a case? Something happen?” John asked following Sherlock back down the stairs as he tugged on the soft fur-lined gloves. He noticed Sherlock was carrying something that looked like a large cooler bag. The last time John remembered seeing it it had been sitting on the kitchen table with a bag containing a severed head in it. John had made his upset at the finding of the human head quite clear. Seeing it now he hoped Sherlock had cleaned it properly since then.
is to serve the Aerie first, Sherlock! Whatever
Changing quickly, he bundled down into the bedding against Hyperion. It was a while before John could actually fall asleep, body tired but mind still wanting to go over the days events. And so he lay there and talked to Hyperion, sharing pictures across the bond with the dragon’s sleepy mind until he himself finally drifted off to thoughts of Sherlock and how he was going to protect the energetic madman who had drawn him in so unexpectedly.
o	June(ish) - events of Six Thatchers: Mary on the run for several weeks before Sherlock catches up with her
Sherlock scowls that
Sherlock turns and walks back to them slowly.  When he makes it over to John, Rosie thrusts out her hands and squeezes her fists open and closed in the air, grabbing towards Sherlock just as she had done for John.  Sherlock’s breath hitches before he raises his arms to take her.  John hands her over without hesitation and watches, smiling, as she settles in his friend’s grasp.
She waits again with a smile on her face as if she could hear the scoff that comes, unbidden, from Sherlock’s throat.
Eventually, Sherlock speaks.  “What’s wrong?”
His fingers compress around the bag of powder.  “I’m at home … but I don’t need to leave the house to start on the list.”
“I—” Alex turns his face towards the other side of the room before answering.  “Just a few times.  Not all that much but … I mean, it isn’t completely new.”
that Sherlock has to actually clench his hands around the arms of his chair to resist the impulse to stalk over and taste the grin on John’s face.
Sherlock’s back looks like a relief map made entirely of scars.  Long, thin gashes that slices across his shoulders.  Thick rectangular welts framing either side of his spine.  Raised red circles the size of the tip of his pinky dotting the tender skin of the small of his back.  A few faded oblongs just at the bottom of his ribs that cover a few knotty bumps beneath.  Two angry, jagged red marks whose shape doesn’t really have a name just above his waistband.  John takes long, slow sips of air through his nose, blowing them out through his mouth, as he wobbles on his feet and tries not to retch.
“Caught?” John says.  God, will he be able to do anything other than parrot back Sherlock’s words?
“Obviously,” Sherlock confirms.  He sighs heavily and then spreads his hands.  “Contrary to what most people would think ….” He finds he has to stop to clear his throat.  “I may not careen after sexual encounters the way most people do, but I am human, John.”
A small smile works its way across John’s face as he moves to the bed.  “That’s fine.  Thanks.  Very considerate of you.”
“John,” Sherlock chides,
John insists.  “You are and you will be, especially from Rosie’s perspective.  Look,” John tries using his Sensible Doctor Voice, hoping to penetrate, “Rosie will grow up without her mother.  And that is sad.  Breaks my heart.”
“Yes, I’ve encouraged you to have discernibly healthy self-preservation instincts.  What a horror your life must be.”
John,” Sherlock says with a heavy tone of distaste.  “The clerk trying to astound his MI6 paramour, Lady Smallwood allowing me to be the one to root out the mole in MI6 was obviously a ploy to get on Mycroft’s good side, even—”
Sherlock unfolds one arm from under the drape of the Belstaff and offers his hand with a flat, almost challenging look on his face.  “Sherlock Holmes,” he says in a voice that is higher and smoother than his normal tone.  John’s eyebrows wing up.
John can feel the wave of heat radiate from Sherlock’s chest as he blushes.  John looks up and Sherlock won’t meet his eye.
A swift, loaded pause and then the unmistakable click of his brother’s shoes on the entrance way tiles.  “Is there a list?”
John regards him with a gaze that suddenly seems far too keen.  “And now?”
“Goodnight, John,” he says heavily.
“Serbia,” John repeats because it’s the best he can do to show he’s listening.
Not you
John says it with such thick sarcasm that it teases a watery chuckle out of Alex’s sniffle.
“Yes, thank God,” Sherlock returns.  “I’ve enough mental scars as it is.  He has a case for us.”
Sherlock tries to make the few steps away look casual, however John can tell that they’re anything but.  John stalks after him until Sherlock’s back bumps against the desk.  The detective never answers John’s question but when he gives Sherlock his best I’m-former-military-don’t-you-dare-fuck-with-me icy glare, Sherlock relents and stops fleeing.  He overtly refrains from aiding John, though, when the doctor reaches for the shirt buttons just below Sherlock’s throat.  In fact, he does so little to get out of John’s way as John strips the shirt off of him that John actually has to yank the offending garment from Sherlock’s shoulders.  The other man flinches but continues to stare holes in the opposite wall of the flat.  Starting a bit when John brings his hands up, Sherlock compresses his lips and remains silent as John prods at the join as gingerly as he can with nimble fingers.
“Hey,” John says sternly and puts a hand on the boy’s forearm.  “Don’t talk like that.  First of all, as a doctor, it’s my responsibility and my
*****
*****
Sherlock fidgets under John’s gaze.
Shaking his head, John just replies, “Posh public school bollocks, no doubt.”
Alex just nods and looks away again.  John’s not at all sure why it occurs to him to say the words but out they come.
wouldn’t it be most likely to be John?  After all, if he only feels attraction to men that he’s emotionally connected to then getting some sign of attraction would more or less confirm that Sherlock feels something for John, wouldn’t it?  Of course, John felt a sick swoop of guilt last night at the idea of purposely goading a sexual reaction out of Sherlock in order to ransom his emotions, which is precisely why he hadn’t decided to actually act on it in any firm way.  The universe, it seems, is not without a sense of humor though because Fate took the decision entirely out of John’s hands, and even if John
“You’re right!  Daddy loves Rosie.  Give us a kiss, love.”
They lock eyes for a moment and then burst into giggles.  Rosie seems determined not to be left out, as she begins clapping her hands and laughing along with them.  John jogs over to scoop her up from the couch and return to his chair, depositing the girl in his lap.  Sherlock watches John run a few light fingertips over her belly, smiling as the girl squirms and giggles in response to the tickling.  The doctor looks up to Sherlock, his indigo eyes merry, and he looks so … so
Well, not
Given that Sherlock had said that Lady Smallwood would call with the details, Sherlock feels his stomach drop away with the obvious realization that John is attempting to get rid of him for the few hours before they will be going away together.  Sherlock’s chest tightens and he wills himself not to react visibly.
He’s at the point where every single thing someone says to him or does in front of him for the remainder of the day triggers some fantasy of Sherlock.  The woman describing the symptoms of what might be strep throat makes him picture Sherlock on his knees between John’s legs as he sits low in his armchair, fisting a hand in Sherlock’s curls as the detective swallows his cock.  The avid cyclist with the herniated muscle in his groin has John picturing himself perched on the edge of their sofa, clutching the plush cheeks of Sherlock’s arse and spreading him apart, one of the detective’s hands grasping the back rail of the couch behind John’s head and the other splayed on the wall as Sherlock rides his cock.  A young teacher needs a wicked splinter removed from the back of her thigh, a product of playing on the school playground with one of her grammar school students.  As she bends over the exam table and lifts her skirt, chattering away about her students in an effort to distract herself while John works, John has to physically shake his head to banish an image of Sherlock bent over the kitchen table, a hand to the back of his neck as he comes untouched from John fucking him roughly from behind.  His hands shake a bit after he puts a plaster over the wound and wishes the teacher a good afternoon.
"Seven, currently."
John leans a hip against the arm of the sofa, crosses his arms over his chest, and favors his friend with a skeptical glare.  “Is that so?”
Tears well up and tremble on her lashes.
“Does it matter?”
John can’t help the way he straightens up; his laughs a bit when she leans towards the camera, as if she believes John should be taking notes.
“It’s all right,” John says firmly.  “It’s okay, you’re safe—”
It pricks at him – of course it does – that his daughter will never know her namesake.  He fights against the lump in his throat.
it was, John,” Sherlock scowls as he whirls around in the doorway to the sitting room.  “I should have realized it immediately.  That clerk was far too eager to be accommodating.  Over-confidence, clearly; thought his plan was fool-proof and he’d never be caught.”
He mumbles a response that John doesn’t catch.  A few twitches of his muscles are Alex’s only response as John applies a bit of antibiotic ointment with a numbing agent and then he allows Alex a little privacy to put his trousers back on.
Poking his head around the doorsill, Sherlock sighs and says, “Do keep up, John.”
“Let me choose a new wardrobe for you?”
but it seems that there are subtle differences in John’s interactions with Sherlock on nearly every level.  They always make so little sense, though, and don’t seem to be indicative of any clear motivating force on John’s part.  When John makes tea now, he makes Sherlock’s first and blows on it a few times before handing over the mug but still drinks his own without waiting and scalds his tongue.  He leaves Rosie with Sherlock for much longer periods of time while he’s at the clinic where he used to ask someone else to help mind her for shifts longer than three hours.  More than once, Sherlock finishes a piece on his violin to find John watching him with a gaze that is both intense and strangely tender.  In general, John watches Sherlock far more often, usually when he believes Sherlock won’t notice and looking away the instant he is caught; regardless of that fact, however, their direct eye contact has increased in frequency (up 32% from before he moved back in) and in sustained duration (increased from an average of 3.4 seconds per gaze to 6.3 seconds).
What if this changes everything?  What will all those people think?  What will the people at the Yard do?  Will it be James all over again, except worse this time, because John’s actually done the thing he’s accused of?  He keeps running over all the things that could happen, all the ways they could explode, fracture each other, and tear it all down.  Lose each other.
One day, they are pirates; the next, space explorers; the day after, medieval ruler and loyal subject; Rosie is always delighted.  Young children, he discovers, are uncomplicated this way: so long as Rosie is warm and fed and clean and entertained, she doesn’t care that others find him to be abrasive, arrogant, and utterly devoid of tact; he listens when she babbles, attends to her needs, speaks to her as he would any person and not as a gibbering idiot, and she delights in his attention.  In fact, Rosie seems particularly fond of his stories about bees and pirates (which shows her impeccable taste) and his lessons on basic anatomy (which shows her relation to her father, obviously).  John, in all his sentimental foolishness, declares Rosie to be “just another in the never-ending queue of female hearts trod beneath your feet.”  Sherlock scoffs, ignoring John’s warm grin as he regales his god-daughter with a particularly adventurous tale about Grace O’Malley, assuring the riveted girl that she too could raise an army and scourge the seas someday (though not, sadly, become Irish).
Sherlock nods, collecting himself and turning towards the kitchen.  “Molly’s going to treat Rosie to a pasty or something equally appetite-demolishing after the park—”
A plan for upcoming works in this series and a timeline with the character's ages, because damn it, I couldn't keep it straight.
Sherlock remonstrates, interrupting his thoughts forcefully.
“Goodnight, Rosie,” Sherlock answers, smiling just a bit when the girl waves to him over John’s shoulder as he climbs the stairs.  He waggles his fingers in the air in response and can’t help but grin when she favors him with a slightly slobbery smile in response.
“Rosie, who’s this?” John points a finger to his own chest.
“Well, I … I suppose I could sleep on the couch.”
“We—what?  Impressed with what?”
Oh God.  He’s not certain he could be any more awkward if he
John peers up at him with a wry smile.  “She’s a damn sight better than your sister.”
chest that I’m pressing my fist into while you bleed out in front of my fucking eyes and I’ve had enough of losing the people I love!  I’ve bloody well had enough, do you hear me?”
“Well,” Sherlock begins gently but must decide there’s nothing for it because he plows onward with a resolute expression.  “I think she can’t tell us apart.  She is mixing us up.”
Predictably the girl squeals in excitement and takes off into Sherlock’s bedroom the instant John cracks the door, buzzing loudly as the towel flaps behind her.  John waits a second before taking off after her.
“Yes, I expect it should be.  I’m in your debt,” Sherlock responds, still a bit unseated.
“And?!” John sneers.
Sherlock.”  God, how could he even think that?  And then another question hits him.  “You said this happened at the end?  That this was the last piece of the network, Serbia?”
“Sorry?” John repeats, dumbfounded.
Without even thinking about it, John begins to protest and, once again, Mary seems omniscient because she holds up her hands as if shushing him.
John takes a few steps forward, folding his arms over his chest.  “Who were
John looks as if he is going protest but then startles, as if he’s only just realized how aggressively he’s been swaying back and forth.  A quick gaze down at Rosie’s mottled face and John hands her over to the detective, cursing under his breath.
“Come on, Sherlock, you’re so bloody tall, you’ll never fit without bending up at odd angles.  And then you’ll be a complete beast to deal with tomorrow.”
“Well, you can hardly blame me for being … surprised,” John says in a rush, his cheeks tinging pink.  “After seven years of you ignoring or actively dismissing anything that has to do with sex, you can understand why I would think you had no interest in sex—”
“I … have no bloody idea what it was,” John blathers.  And honestly, his head feels completely fucking blank.  He’s lucky to remember his name, really, because it finally penetrates John’s brain that Sherlock isn’t just wanking, he’s bloody well
Sherlock whispers, but even though his tone is sharp, he threads an arm around John’s back and places his open palm behind the shoulder where Rosie rests.  “You’re too hard on yourself.”
“There it is,” he says in a low whisper.  “Listen and focus on it.  Good steady beat.  Nice and strong.”
John doesn’t respond.  His hands tremble a bit but he keeps stroking her cheek and swiping the cool water gently across the streaks of enflamed skin on her left arm and up her chest and neck.
“The song, I mean,” John says carefully.  “Your music.  It’s beautiful.”
John can barely believe it.  “A few
It takes John twenty-seven minutes to stop hyperventilating and stumble back down the stairs where he finds a discarded violin, a missing coat, and an empty flat.
John huffs.  “It looks like a kitchen.  A clean,
“Mycroft did his best.  I was livid myself when he first got me out but … I’m not sure I could have done any better if I were in his position.”
She laughs at his stunned expression.  “Mr. Holmes’s story.  It was a bit too smooth.  I’ve seen that here a lot, although usually with much more nefarious intentions.”  Her face pinches then turns up with another lopsided smile.  “Give yourself a break, John; it could have happened to anyone.  And really, you’re lucky to have someone who cares so much about protecting you.”
“Oh, I know!” Dr. Simon croons to her as she sets the girl up on the exam table.  “It’s so awful to be poked and prodded by a stranger when you’re sleepy and hurting, but I’ll be quick, I promise.”
“Don’t do that thing where you act like you deserve my bad behavior.  Don’t act like you making a mistake justifies me being a complete boorish arse.  It doesn’t.”
“The mug slipped right from my fingers,” Sherlock babbles in a voice tight with entirely fake anxiety.
Sherlock can’t seem to hold his gaze for very long as he says, “Come along, John; more to see.”
“Try.”  John is relentless.  It makes Sherlock smile in spite of himself.
“Daddy!” she sobs.  “Daddy, ouchie!”
only Sherlock is, after hearing Mary).  John certainly doesn’t seem like a man in love.  Mary was wrong only slightly more often than Mycroft but, well, she has a blind spot in this particular instance.  So does Sherlock, which is why he resolutely refuses to allow himself any hope that Mary’s post-script might be true.
“For God’s sake, Sherlock, just let me look at it!” John grumbles.  “I told you that I think it’s more than just a jam.  When he tossed you over that desk, the jar from the fall likely dislocated the joint.”
The detective pulls himself up to his full height and glares down his nose at John.  “Nonsense that allows me to ‘bound around like a bloody gazelle’, unlike someone who was formally trained by the military, I might add.  Well, that and the fact that I’m three years younger than you.  Perhaps you’re just succumbing to middle age, John.”
four-hundred-year-old Portuguese martial art based on the principals of balance, music, and dance—”
“Alex, hang on a minute,” John calls to the boy before he can dash out the door.  He gestures to the chair opposite him.
John swears under his breath, letting loose what may be every single curse word he can think of, and presses his forehead in the gap between Sherlock’s shoulder blades, gripping his arms again for support.
John’s not exactly brusque when he pulls his hand away but he doesn’t go out of his way to avoid waking Sherlock as he sits up in bed and rests his back against the headboard.  The detective responds immediately, his arm slithering back beneath his body as his limbs flex and stretch, and his eyes flicker open and unerringly glance up to catch John’s gaze.  For the span of a breath, Sherlock’s expression is devastating, languid and soft and (oh God) sensual as he regards John above him in bed, but in a moment, the quicksilver eyes narrow just a bit (probably immediately cataloguing the difference in the light or something) and then his face reflects something John is more used to seeing, an expression that is content but somehow … careful.
He gestures forward with his right arm and Sherlock takes the cue, reaching out to take Rosie from John.  Out of his peripheral vision, John sees Sherlock’s eyes widen to the size of saucers when John flicks the towel open just enough to give just a fleeting glance of his cock and balls before he wraps the towel securely around his waist and tucks in the ends.
“Sherlock,” John prompts gently, trying not to grin when Sherlock startles a bit.  “The case?”
“  Being a parent is about far more than just blood relation, Sherlock.  What about all the adoptive parents and step-parents and foster parents out there?  Thousands and thousands of people who love and care for children that they have no blood relation to.  They’re still parents, aren’t they?  Why should that make you any different?”
John feels certain that this merits a little forgiveness on his inability to think.
“I understand why you have questions, John.  You may as well ask,” Sherlock replies in a carefully neutral voice.
“Sorry,” John mutters once Sherlock settles Rosie against his chest.  “Sorry, I just—still a bit … rattled.”
Sherlock can't stop staring; his whole body's been petrified where he stands.  “Yes, that would have been … more accurate.”
The detective pins him back with a steely glare.  “You’ve made your point, John.”
John nips that thought in the bud with the simple expedient of rolling over carefully to observe his sleeping friend.  Sherlock lies on his left side facing John and seems to have banished himself as far to the opposite side of the bed as possible without risking his limbs dangling off the bed.  Perhaps it’s a product of his confession that he’s never slept in bed with another person, thinking he’s got to be careful about space?  John’s been in Sherlock’s room while the man was sleeping on a number of occasions and every time, the detective sprawled out in a bent starfish of gangly limbs across every available surface (something that amused John to no end, considering that when sitting, he tended to ball up as tightly as his long arms and legs would allow).  Maybe he was trying to be considerate of John’s comfort.  That seems unlikely, though, given the man’s typical lack of regard for personal space.  What if he was actually
o	A series of one-shots rather than subsequent chapters on this fic.  The reason why I wanted to do this is because (theoretically) each work COULD stand on its own, though obviously there will be greater meaning when read together.  That being said, because they will not be chronologically continuous - rather, they will be more like self-contained vignettes of the future of John, Sherlock, and Rosie's lives together - it didn't feel right to have them as one unified story.
John can’t help himself; he spreads his legs apart a bit and presses up to his toes, dragging Sherlock’s cock through the valley of his ass.  Sherlock’s hands clutch at John’s stomach as he gasps and drops his face to the crook of John’s neck.  John arches his back again, gratified at the wounded noise Sherlock makes.  His hips stutter forward into John’s by instinct.
“Dada!” Rosie murmurs into his cheek.  The little girl shifts beneath him so he moves to the side, peering into the small face which wrinkles in concentration.  Eventually, she reaches out and pats his cheek with a small, bemittened hand.  “Dada, no sad.”
Sherlock doesn’t speak so John lets the words tumble out of his mouth.
Sherlock does look at John that time and blushes, maintaining eye contact for only a moment before staring up at the ceiling.  “Gunshot,” he says shortly.
“Of course not, you git!  The wanker took my anorak when he left.  I’m fucking freezing.”
“Now, if you’ll excuse us,” Lady Smallwood continues with a surprisingly even tone, “I’ve decided to reacquaint your brother with the health benefits of ‘fishing’ and I think it’s been just enough time that we can cast out the line again.  I’ll call tomorrow morning.  Goodnight, Mr. Holmes.”
A gurgle of noise from Rosie’s cot saves them from drumming up future conversation, tufts of towheaded curls popping over the edge as Rosie pushes herself up on wobbly legs and reaches out to them.  Sherlock starts towards her – he’s on the side of the bed that’s closest to her, after all – but then the seawater eyes flick back to John’s and he composes himself again, watching the doctor’s face carefully.  John makes a show of yawning and stretching, arms lifted up over his head, and throws Sherlock a guilty smile.
“Come on, John,” Sherlock rumbles in a low whisper, grasping the doctor’s arm and tugging.  “High time to get back to the Yard and show them what we’ve found.”
*****
“Yup,” Sherlock says.  “Right.  I’ll just—” he waves an arm jerkily towards his bedroom, “—I’ll go pack a case.  You can … finish.  With Rosie.  I’ll just go.”
The memories of tending to the aftermath of Alex’s rather vigorous activities with his partner – and their basic similarities to John and Sherlock – allows a lurid vision to bloom in John’s mind that differ from all the other images he’d pictured so far.  Perhaps because of the method of Sherlock’s masturbation this morning, all of John’s mental wanderings so far portray Sherlock as breathlessly lustful but always submissive to John, eagerly welcoming John fucking him regardless of whether Sherlock was technically on the top or bottom.  With Alex, though, the similarities were too obvious to miss – sandy-haired and blue-eyed; gushing on about his tall, dark-haired, sharp-minded boyfriend who’d been keen to the point of roughness – so his mind circles around and suddenly John’s unable to stop a vision of himself kneeling on Sherlock’s stark white sheets with his legs spread, clutching the headboard, hands framed by Sherlock’s own.  As he sits quietly in the corner of a tube compartment, he imagines the detective’s slender frame bracketing his own, a litany of filthy praise dropping from those wicked lips as the muscles in his hips work, pounding himself into John, pulling groans that John can nearly feel tearing themselves from his mouth….
“Oh,” is all John manages to say.
John swallows around the lump in his throat and stares up at the ceiling.  “Yeah.  But when we first became flat mates, you didn’t exactly sign on for ‘emotionally damaged widower with PTSD and a toddler’, did you?”
“Says the man who went to Buckingham Palace in nothing but a bed sheet.”
“I haven’t—”
To his very great surprise, Rosie actually appears to consider the question.  After a moment, she reaches out to pat John’s lips with her fist.
“So what did Mycroft want?” John asks before bending to blow a raspberry into Rosie’s belly, smiling at the girl’s shrieks of delight.  “Hopefully something other than just tormenting you with the awareness of his sexual activity?”
John nods shortly.  Once he’s stripped naked – pointedly NOT looking Sherlock in the eye – with Sherlock’s suit jacket around their legs and the Belstaff around their upper bodies, John realizes his big mistake by turning his back: John is now nude in Sherlock’s arms with the unmistakable heat of Sherlock’s cock and balls pressed into the crease at the top of his arse.   Sherlock stays quiet but John can feel the detective’s uneven breathing against his cheek and neck.
She grins at John again and John returns the smile.  Hoping that the grinding of his teeth hasn’t yet become audible, Sherlock slides a hand around John’s elbow and pulls him away, one step short of being a yank.
It only takes a moment for Sherlock to make the connection and quite frankly, he feels like a fool for not making it sooner.  He turns his head towards John.  “It’s the anniversary today, isn’t it?”
“I—what?”  Two solid minutes to recover and this is all he can come up with.  In his defense, though,
“One who can’t be bothered to roust himself out of bed a half hour early for hotter bath water.”
bewilder
“Thanks again, Dr. Watson,” he says sincerely, pretending not to notice as John stuffs a few condoms and packets of lube in the boy’s rucksack before handing it back to him.
“It was shaped like a
John’s hands come to rest at the younger man’s hips.  “Sherlock, did they … did … were you …?”
to her, even by omission.”
For God’s sake, John even had some kind of episode of …
John turns his gaze even further away from Sherlock but nods.  “I was dreaming—anyway the noise upset Rosie.”
It leaves Sherlock’s lips no more loudly than John’s own murmur but it’s full of agony.
wasn’t
“I don’t know,” the detective returns, but he sobers quickly.  “You were right about one thing, John: the cold is going to become a very serious problem very quickly.  My mobile has the GPS on but only enough battery power for an hour or two.  We risk hypothermia if we spend much more time than that.’  The detective is quiet for a worryingly long amount of time before he says.  “If we want to conserve body heat, there’s only one way I know of.”
of his body.
John fished a mug out of the drainer.
But he’d suddenly become tongue-tied when it came to inviting Sherlock there.
And, if John were to be honest, it was better than waking up to… what his life had been these last months.
This time, the blankets had been kicked entirely off the bed and his shirt was stuck to his chest with sweat.
Sherlock was still and silent for a moment, his cheek still pressed to John’s thigh. Finally, he said, “Thank you,” and took John into his mouth.
In the evenings, John went to eat with Mrs. Hudson. He could get his own food, of course, but she seemed to enjoy his company, and he felt rather sorry for her. Whatever Sherlock had done to get himself cursed, Mrs Hudson hadn’t had anything to do with it.
, he thought.
“And you just moseyed right into it despite the Aura of Phobos?”
...despite the fact that he’d left his cane upstairs, still hanging from the edge of the kitchen table.
“Poor bastard,” was all John could think to say. The photos were all of a naked corpse, covered in blood and lying on a tile floor in what appeared to be a large public toilet.
“Nobody told me they were how-to manuals,” said John.
“So what’s up?” he asked.
“Where would you put your hands?” prompted John.
The clop of hooves on the wood floor behind him said, no, not so much.
And she did tell him.
“Really, John?” sighed Sherlock.
Sherlock had been absent when John had returned to the flat, presumably doing something in… John guessed that the room behind the kitchen was Sherlock’s bedroom.
“How do you investigate, though?”
Sherlock was dying now because he knew that pain.
Those claws pricked that thing, and as Sherlock’s mouth sucked at John’s, it seemed to John that he drew the darkness up and into himself.
“I trust you, Sherlock.”
He kissed Sherlock again and worked his fingers under Sherlock’s horn to stroke his jaw and the curve of his earlobe.
“One of the demi-Fae who’d known my husband recommended him to me. Said he’d argued a few cases before the Court and won — which, as I said, is no small feat.”
