“Don’t,” John said, laughing. Lestrade nodded and followed them to the door.
Sherlock was lost in thought and didn’t notice when they had reached the restaurant. John put a hand on his shoulder to stop him from leaving the vicinity of the restaurant. He released Sherlock when Sherlock stopped moving, his fingers leaving trails of fire in their wake.
“Sleeping,” John said coldly, gesturing upstairs and taking a seat on the couch. Sherlock fell into a chair across from him. “Mrs. Hudson, would you like a glass of water?”
“Nothing,” Sherlock mumbled. “Caught a serial killer.”
“No!” He heard Sherlock’s cry. Almost as a reflex, John shot at the man holding the gun. Almost in slow motion, the man fell over backwards. John raced towards the crouching figure, hearing sirens behind him. Greg was a little late.
“You’re no longer wearing your wedding ring.”
John placed it in their cart. Rosie reached for it and pouted when she couldn’t grasp it. John kissed the top of her head. Sherlock turned away, pretending to look at the other decorations.
“Where am I?” Sherlock looked around wildly before realizing that he was on the couch, in John’s lap. Rosie began to cry. The sky outside the window had grown dark. The light next to John was on.
“I’m sorry, John.” Sherlock wiped another tear from John’s cheek and allowed his hand to linger there for a moment, stroking his cheekbone. John’s eyes widened. “Sorry, I…” Sherlock removed his hand hastily.
“Oh, what do you want?” Sherlock squinted up at him. His head was beginning to pound.
Sherlock leaned his chin against his hand, a bit more interested. “Yeah?”
This song means a lot to me. It always has.
“I’ve everything I need,” Sherlock told her. “Except a cuppa. That would be lovely.”
John shut his eyes and allowed himself to relax. He matched his breathing with Sherlock’s. In, out. In, out. John knew Sherlock wouldn’t sleep until he did. As he was drifting off, he thought he heard Sherlock muttering to himself about how he loved John, but John was too far gone to register that.
He was going to die sometime in the next six months.
dating.” John sounded amazed.
“You don’t know who Alan Turing is?”
“You were just playing it,” John growled. His eyes were narrowed, his lips firmly pressed together.
Sherlock started to shake, then. “You mean…” he swallowed. “It wasn’t real?” Sherlock loathed how broken his voice sounded, how much this affected him.
“Hmm?” He raised his head up.
“You have work in the morning.” John needed to sleep. That much was evident. He had been sleeping terribly ever since Mary’s death, and he had a nightmare that kept him up the night before. His clothes were rumpled and untidy, nothing like his usual. Sherlock worried. “Besides, you’re not getting enough sleep.”
“I think that’s enough talking for tonight.” Sherlock stood up and went to stand near John. The rain had picked up while they were talking. It lashed against the windows, blurring everything outside. The streetlamps shone yellow, reflecting off the wet pavement. Sherlock felt drawn to it. He was suffocated, suddenly. Maybe it was the sight of John crying. Maybe it was the heartbreaking noises he made. Maybe it was the fact that everything was suddenly catching up to him. Whatever it was, he wanted to go outside and drown in the night. He wanted to wander the streets of London and sort everything out. He wanted to stop thinking. He wanted John to love him. He wanted to go back in time. Back to before his fake death, even. Back to when it was just the two of them against the rest of the world.
Here is a link to If You Leave: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EPmTGFg06zA
When they broke apart, several minutes later, John panted and grinned at Sherlock. Sherlock smiled shyly back. “I love you,” John said.
“It is nicer,” John agreed. “Thank you.”
“I know you were. I even told you that.”
“We can talk.”
Sherlock was far away, seeing but not seeing. Another house was burning, another family home lost. He didn’t blame John for choosing the movie, not really. If he had known beforehand he wouldn’t have thought it would bother him this much.
Sherlock held out his arms and John passed Rosie towards him. She twined one hand in his dressing gown. “Hello, Rosie,” he said. She smiled up at him and babbled something. Sherlock sipped at his tea and waited for John to finish making the eggs.
“John, stop it!” Mrs. Hudson shouted.
Word count: 4,707
“Yes,” John said. “I thought you were in love with her, remember?”
Sherlock shrugged. “I do enjoy doing this type of work, yes.”
“I’m burning up.” He kept his eyes fixed steadily on John. He imagined he could feel the marks in his arm, feel them taunting him. “I’m at the bottom of a pit, and I’m still falling. And I’m never climbing out.” John looked pensive.
“They were.” Sherlock forced himself to breathe deeply. “Think about it. Turing.”
He was shaken out of this by a knock on his door. Sherlock stood up and smoothed out his shirt. His dressing gown was crumpled from how he had been sitting, and he tugged it down. He composed himself, briefly glancing in the mirror. He hadn’t shaved in several days, and stubble was visible. He hurried to the kitchen and then hid the syringe in the refrigerator. It didn’t matter who was there. He didn’t want anyone to see that. He steeled himself, then walked to the door. He half expected it to be another hallucination of John.
“Yes. Lestrade told me.”
Clara patted him on the arm. “I’m going to go get something to drink. Again, congratulations!” She walked off, taking Rosie with her. Sherlock wasn’t entirely certain why other people kept taking John’s child - his child now too, he supposed - but he trusted them so he let it be.
“Hello, Gerald,” Sherlock said.
“Yes,” she said gratefully.
“Do you want to dance?” Sherlock blinked at him. “You like dancing, right?”
“What did you do to John’s chair?” Sherlock tried to muster anger, but could only manage a faint flicker of annoyance. “What did you do to it?”
“Cleaning.” John gave no response to this, but Sherlock could feel him watching him. Sherlock carefully placed the papers on top of the desk, not sure what to do with them. It hurt to throw them away, yes, but it was a reminder. An actual picture of John. Not that he couldn’t see John anytime he wanted, of course, simply by closing his eyes, but he wanted to be able to hold the images. Hold them, and look at them, imprint them onto every corner of his brain. The surface of the desk was cluttered, filled with odd remnants of the past. A cat, the lucky cat from the Chinese market. Somehow it ended up there. The pink phone.
“I know.” John didn’t respond. He just kept watching him. “I’m sorry.” Sherlock meant it. He meant it with everything he had. It was a mistake. A terrible mistake. John deserved better.
“It doesn’t matter,” Sherlock repeated. “Really, Mycroft. I don’t care.”
, John. I had to shoot
“Couch?” Sherlock mumbled against John’s lips.
Sherlock never could’ve imagined this would be the outcome the day he left John’s first wedding. Indeed, that night he thought he had lost John forever. He couldn’t believe how incredibly lucky he was. Working to overcome John’s issue was rather difficult, but it yielded more than satisfactory results. When John had proposed, Sherlock had immediately wanted to say yes, but his brain had shut down (overload of information) and he didn’t know what he could do besides look at John. And then hug him, because he was so overwhelmed. He had murmured yes, yes, and then composed himself. John hadn’t pushed him away, he’d stayed, and if he had cried that night it didn’t matter. John had been there to hold him and tell him it was fine, it was all fine, because they were together and that’s what matters.
The light on the table was still on. Sherlock was curled up, asleep, in his chair. His breathing was calm and steady. His face was relaxed. John melted at the sight of him. Sherlock never looked like this. He was never this comfortable. Part of John wanted to sit in his own chair and watch him, though that was creepy. Sherlock could wake at any moment.
“Right, it’s a more complex version, but it’s similar.”
John nodded.
Harry tilted her head. “I don’t believe you.”
Sherlock, making a spontaneous decision, said, “I’m going out.”
“All right,” Sherlock said absently. He watched as John stood up and walked over to the door. When he reached it, he turned around and faced Sherlock.
“The miracle of Christmas, right?”
If they were broken before, they were shattered now. Sherlock knew with certainty that nothing could mend this. The cracks were too deep, the scars jagged and rough. John would move on, like he always did. And Sherlock would be stuck, living without John until he died.
“It was
“What Mrs. Hudson said. It’s true.”
No. Sherlock couldn’t think about that. He couldn’t. John was unwilling to give an apology, so Sherlock would have to make do without him. He could do that. He’d done much worse, after all.
John was ashamed about those times. His anger had got the best of him and Sherlock had been so good and kind and forgiving. Wait. “Mycroft?”
“Not here,” Sherlock said, addressing Mycroft. “He left. Where did the other officer go?” He opened his eyes, not seeing the officer anywhere.
“I’m sorry, Sherlock.”
“We are gathered here today,” Mycroft said, with little feeling. “To witness the marriage of Sherlock Holmes and John Watson.” Sherlock held up his hand. “Yes?” Mycroft arched an eyebrow.
His coat did little to stop the rain. Sherlock was reminded of the night those months ago, the one where he went home alone in shock. This was different, it was, and he knew it. Now, he had someone to come home to. Mostly. At least for the night.
John sighed. “Please do not announce that to the entire restaurant.”
He was expecting the initial high to be fairly pleasurable. It usually was, the first  few times. Afterwards...not so much. Still pleasurable, of course, but paranoia and anxiety start to set in. He rested his hands on the arms of his chair as he waited. Within a few minutes, his arm started to go numb at the injection site. He shivered in anticipation.
is a strong word. Maybe like an acquaintance.”
“Rosie,” John said. “It’s late. How could I not have texted Molly, or something? Fuck.”
“What?”
“Yes,” she said. He breathed in deeply through his nose and pressed his eyes together. Tears threatened to fall. Molly gently touched his arm. “There’s something else.”
Apologies for any grammar or spelling errors.
“Sherlock Holmes?” Olivia gazed at him in astonishment when he reached the casket.
“Me too,” John said softly. “Christ, Sherlock, I almost lost you. Many times. I don’t-I don’t know what I would have done if I did.”
“Coming?” John glanced over his shoulder. Sherlock hurriedly joined him at the exit. The walk back to Baker Street was more comfortable than the walk to the restaurant, but only barely. John appeared to be lost in thought and Sherlock was okay with that.
“See you then, Sherlock,” she said, her eyes filling with tears. She gave a small wave. Sherlock coughed. They filed out of the sitting room. John was the first to leave.
He unwound his scarf from his neck and took off his coat. John did the same. Sherlock’s breath caught in his throat, and whatever he’d been about to say died on his lips. John looked, well, beautiful. His hair was cut shorter than it’d been when Mary died-it had been like that for a while now, reminiscent of their earlier days together-but he’d styled it more than he used to. He was wearing a dark red jumper, the collar of his shirt peeking out over it. Sherlock couldn’t get over the John-Watsonness of the entire outfit.
“Trying.” Sherlock laughed bitterly. He didn’t understand where all this emotion was coming from.
“He didn’t. Previously.”
“Skyfall.”
Sherlock shook his head. “No, not that. Would-can I hug-” He was still stammering. John caught him, a flash of realization overcoming him. He pulled Sherlock towards him. Sherlock was trembling in John’s arms. He buried his face in John’s shoulder, holding on tightly to the back of his shirt. John leaned his head on top of Sherlock’s, burying his nose in Sherlock’s curls. That was as nice as John had hoped for. He ran his hand up and down Sherlock’s back. Sherlock breathed shakily. John shut his eyes, tamping down the anxiety that what he was doing was wrong, and instead trying to enjoy it. “Does this mean you’re not mad at me?” Sherlock questioned, his voice muffled by John’s shirt.
He cleared his throat and held up his glass. “Happy birthday, John.”
Some time later, a nurse walked in. “Mr. Holmes.”
“John’s chair is missing.”
Sherlock opened up the camera and handed it over. Mrs. Hudson took several pictures of them against the backdrop of the stairs. “You look lovely,” she said.
“Checking the clinic’s schedule for tomorrow,” John told him through a mouthful of soup and bread.
John sighed and removed his hand. Sherlock missed the warmth, even though the grip hurt. “You shouldn’t be here, Sherlock.”
Sherlock couldn’t move. If he told John not to read it, John would find a way to. He wasn’t going to destroy the waltz. He couldn’t bring himself to do that. Better to let John do what he wanted.
told you?”
“Everything all right?” John asked when Sherlock returned to the sitting room and sat back down on the couch.
*****
*****
“I know.” John held him, put his other arm around him. Sherlock buried his face in John’s shoulder. “It’s okay.”
“I can deduce enough. Based on what you told me, I know enough about him to know that you’re not him.”
“Will do,” Sherlock said with a small smile.
Sherlock lifted a hand to wave at him. His heart panged at the sight of John leaving the flat. His footsteps echoed heavily down the stairs.
“Yes,” Sherlock said. His scowl returned full-force. “Because Lestrade
Sherlock triple-checked the flat on the morning of the twenty-third. John’s chair was back in place. Mrs. Hudson had helped him prepare a fresh pot of coffee for John and biscuits for both John and Rosie. He was sitting across the table from Mrs. Hudson, waiting. The flat was as prepared as it could be. He had even gotten rid of any body parts from the refrigerator.
John glanced around the flat. “You haven’t decorated.”
“Then,” John said, “if you’re done with your dinner-sorry, I meant
He closed his eyes, kept them closed to compose himself. Only opened them when he heard mumbling and low voices. Mycroft stood up. Interesting. Mycroft made his way over to John. Jealousy flared once, quickly, in his gut. It should be him going to comfort John. Not his brother, who was sure to say the wrong thing.
Lestrade was looking back and forth between them. “You know why they were murdered?”
“It was a mistake. Christ, Sherlock. I’ve made so many mistakes lately. I don’t know how to fix this, but I’m trying.”
John thought giddily.
“I wouldn’t.”
“Sherlock needs a doctor.”
“Well.” Sherlock cleared his throat, still looking uncomfortable. “I got you a gift.” He edged around the door and cautiously made his way to perch on the front of his chair.
“I didn’t, actually. I came to tell you that Lestrade left.”
“You’re an idiot.”
“I won’t,” Mycroft said.
“Yes?”
“Hello?”
Sherlock laughed into John’s hair. “You don’t get allergies.”
Sherlock stayed as still as possible. John couldn’t wake up. Being vulnerable at night was one thing, but waking up like this would surely disturb him. Rosie didn’t wake up either, leaving Sherlock to be able to feel comfortable being with John, even if it was only for a very short time.
“He’s fine, yeah,” John said. “Just fine.”
A noise came from upstairs, sounding suspiciously like a sob. And not like Rosie’s sobs. Sherlock climbed the stairs, pausing at the top to look into Rosie’s room. It was beautiful. He immediately planned out, then and there, that he and John would redo the bedroom at Baker Street and make it perfect for her.
“I deduced it.” He was right.
“Birth certificate,” Sherlock replied.
“Hello, Mycroft,” Sherlock said, and blinked again. Lestrade was leaning against the fireplace.
“I’m teasing,” John said gently, and cupped his face in his hands, giving him a light kiss. Sherlock stared wide-eyed at him and then started to laugh.
The song ended, but neither of them moved. They swayed slowly back and forth. This was better than Sherlock had ever dared to hope. John would try, and Sherlock would help him. They would make it work. They always did. John was perfect. John was everything he had ever wanted. Sherlock had fallen, hard, but it was okay because John was there. He was no longer leaping from the top of Bart’s onto the hard pavement. He was falling into John’s arms, and John would always be there to catch him.
“Yes?”
Mrs. Hudson set up the game board. The game was fun. Sherlock even teased Mrs. Hudson for picking Miss Scarlet, asking her if she was reverting to her days of exotic dancing. They didn’t once mention John, and though Cluedo was ridiculous, it was a nice distraction. Something else to focus his mind on.
“It’s not my place. This is between you and Sherlock. I’m sorry, John.”
“I suppose I should probably go to bed.”
“Detective Inspector Lestrade-the officer called him-and Mycroft. Oh, and Molly and John. They might get Mrs. Hudson, I don’t know.”
Mycroft studied him warily.
“It’s true,” Sherlock insisted.
“It’s okay. I’m here.” John kept his voice low. He reached up and gently removed Sherlock’s hands from his face, cradling them in his own. He held them tight and gradually the shaking stopped. “Now tell me what happened.”
He didn’t take the hint. “Where’s that guy?”
“Shut up,” Sherlock said. “Just shut up. If you don’t, I’ll kick you out of this flat.”
The rest of the day passed too quickly and yet too slowly for Sherlock’s liking. He was nervous, but excited, for the dinner. He and John were mostly back to normal. He had yet to receive an apology, but maybe with time. Even though he was growing less hopeful each day about that. There was an undercurrent of uncomfort every time they were alone, and Sherlock strongly suspected that was why John insisted on bringing Rosie everywhere with them.
“You’ve never called me that before,” Sherlock said, and another tear fell.
“Good thing I am, too,” he says grimly. “Otherwise, I wouldn’t have heard you.”
John snickered, and then started laughing. Sherlock, surprised, scowled but then started laughing as well. Those few seconds of laughter almost made all of the past while bearable. Until they locked eyes and something shuttered in John’s expression. He lowered his gaze. Sherlock fished the potsticker out of the soy sauce and ate it. The moment was over.
“Shut up,” Sherlock growled, and pushed the plunger down. That was better. Now he didn’t have to worry about running out while he was investigating. He tossed the empty syringe off the roof, opposite the alley, and heard it falling down.
Annoyance flared through him. “About John.” He kept his voice even and steady, tried not to feel anything when he said John’s name.
“That was…” Sherlock said after they broke apart, breathing heavily.
too much of a reminder of all he had failed to save.
There is also parental abuse (violence and mentions that the parent had been drinking and was under the influence). The f-slur is used twice in this chapter during a flashback. The abuse also happens in a flashback. This chapter has internalized homophobia and external homophobia and violence due to homophobia.
“Mmm?”
“You’ve done nothing wrong.”
“Hold on,” John said. “He signed himself out of rehab?” Dull fury was sparkling in his eyes, but his tone didn’t change.
he was told. He was given white sweatpants and a white t-shirt. He slipped them on, his feet cold against the tile floor.
“Scandalous.” She giggled. “I never knew that.”
He didn’t know where in the graveyard Mary was buried. He walked up and down the rows of graves very slowly, searching. Searching. He avoided the area where his grave was. John may have buried her in the same cemetery, but Sherlock was certain he wouldn’t want Mary to be near him. His steps were slow and measured, his stomach churning. Every so often, white spots flared in his vision and he had to stop, dizzy. The sunlight shone, too brightly, too hot. His head ached. This was not a pleasant high.
*****
John tangled his fingers in Sherlock’s hair and pulled his lips to Sherlock’s. The kiss was very brief, salty and warm. Sherlock smiled at him when they separated. “I had to,” John said. “I couldn’t let you go without-” Sherlock cut him off with another kiss. He wrapped his arm around John’s waist. One of John’s hands was still clutching Sherlock’s shirt, the other was in Sherlock’s hair.
*****
he had said.
“Break up? No, I mean, I wasn’t sure we were dating, per se, but I never wanted to...stop this.”
“I agree with John,” said Lestrade. “How did you figure this out?”
“You’re not,” Sherlock interjected. “John Watson. You are not.”
“Yes, Sherlock?” He looked back at Sherlock. He was standing in the kitchen, having traded his suit jacket for a dressing gown. He still had on his button-up shirt and trousers.
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “I didn’t mean to. You can ask Wiggins. Where is Wiggins, anyways?” He glanced around before remembering Wiggins left him.
“No,” Sherlock said slowly. “I don’t know why you would think that. It was, after all, I who initiated the kiss.”
“It’s fine.”
“And you made me watch.”
“Brilliant.” Sherlock pushed back out through the door, Olivia at his heels. The door slammed shut behind them. Across from the small building was a park with a forested area in the middle. It was the perfect place to conceal something. Or someone. Olivia followed him as he dashed across the street. The trees were packed close together. A dim shaft of light filtered through the gloom. A small body laid on the ground. The figure was half covered with leaves. Sherlock’s breath caught in his throat and he didn’t miss the way Olivia gasped and covered her mouth. He knelt down next to the body and brushed a few leaves away. Madison was still breathing faintly, shallowly, her eyes closed.
“Yes, John. Kate? You must remember her.”
John didn’t make eye contact. “I figured it was best not to.”
Sherlock said, bringing their lips together at last. John laughed against his mouth. “Kiss me
Sherlock rose from his chair and knelt at John’s feet, placing one hand on his knee and looking up at him. That movement wasn’t exactly planned, and the look on John’s face was one of alarm. Sherlock had done it, though, and now he had to go with it. “John. You made a mistake. That’s all it was. A mistake.” It was the first step to healing. Comfort John now, sort out his own feelings later. Push down the anger and wait. John was more important. “It was a terrible mistake, but it doesn’t make you a bad person.”
“I’m Sherlock Holmes.”
Sherlock sighed and glanced at the time. A quarter past seven. John was already five minutes past the time Sherlock had predicted. Doubt began to set in. Maybe John simply wouldn’t show up. Maybe he’d forgotten. Maybe he didn’t want to be alone with Sherlock. Another five minutes passed, then five more. Sherlock was truly beginning to think that John wasn’t coming. He began making plans for what he could do for the rest of the evening. Showing back up at Baker Street after so little time had passed was out of the question. Mrs. Hudson would ask questions and then she’d pity him. He didn’t want that.
Sherlock exhaled. He couldn’t be certain John was telling the truth. Things always happened, things he couldn’t prepare for, but he was certain that John meant his promise.
John grinned at him. “This is perfect, you know.”
Sherlock screamed from the floor. His body trembled and bled. He thrashed around, writhing in pain. Through dimmed sight, Sherlock made out the nurse rolling a body off of a gurney. Smith lifted him onto it, and the nurse wheeled him to the elevator. Smith promised him that he’d get him a nice room, and waved. Sherlock tried to say something, tried to talk to the nurse and tell him Smith was bad, but all that came out was muffled groans.
more, and I never want to do something that you’re not okay with.”
Sherlock breathed in. “Yes. Tonight. With John.”
“Then we’ll get through it,” he said. “You said that yourself. We’ll get through it.”
John rolled his eyes. Harry was always very difficult for him to get along with, simply because they were so different. Harry was always more outgoing, the flamboyant one. She wasn’t scared to fit in, wasn’t scared to be seen as an outsider. He tried to be like other people, to live up to society’s expectations. “I did not sleep with him.”
“Who did this to you, honey?”
“You’re wrong,” he choked. ‘Taking a breath’ wasn’t very effective, after all.
“You were quite rude.” Sherlock said this as if it were a fact, which in a way it was. No anger, no emotion. Just like he would be telling John that the bills needed to be paid, or the fridge needed to be cleaned.
“Why would you want to?” Now it’s Sherlock’s turn to be confused. He thought John would be happy. Impressed, even. That Sherlock knew, and that Sherlock bothered to do something about it.
This chapter has mild drug use. It talks about the time after Mary dies and how Sherlock turned to drugs. A slight mention of suicide as well.
Sherlock settled in his chair. Their silences weren’t as comforting as they used to be. Sherlock still had a strong desire to talk, or to do something. He was fully aware that neither of them had apologised yet. Sherlock, for everything. John, for hitting him.
Damn. “I’m sorry,” Sherlock said weakly.
“I’m sorry.”
“Well,” Sherlock said. And then he leaned over the side of the couch as his stomach tried to empty itself on Mycroft’s shoes. Nothing came out, but Mycroft recoiled anyways.
“Clearly.” She swallowed and glanced around the flat. “Are you doing all right?”
“Yeah? My girlfriend just broke up with me on Christmas Eve,” John said, and the mood shifted instantly. Sherlock released him and took a step back. John shivered at the lack of warmth.
“Sorry, but you’ve-your hair is-” John was still smiling, but his words came out more halted than usual. Sherlock patted at his hair. Sure enough, it was tangled and ruined from sleep. He sighed.
“You do,” Sherlock insisted, and then shut up when John flushed an even brighter red.
The door to the hallway opened, light shining into Sherlock’s eyes. He blinked. The dark outline of a figure stood in the doorway. Sherlock raised himself into a seated position.
“Can I come in?”
Sherlock turned back to her. “I hope so.”
“Yes,” Sherlock said. In fact, it was wonderful.
“Angelo,” Sherlock said.
“Well,” John said. “Now I’m just sorry you lost a potential friend. I was jealous before, though.”
“Okay. Well. St. Caedwalla’s hospital. There’s been a murder.”
“Hey, Sherlock?” Mary turned to him.
John said nothing the entire cab ride back. His fingers were twisted in the handles of the plastic takeaway bags, his knuckles white. Sherlock stared out the window to give him some privacy and thought about what John told him. He hadn’t quite realised the extent of the mess that was his childhood. He knew his relationship with his family was strained, particularly with Harry, but John had never before mentioned either of his parents. Sherlock assumed they were dead-but maybe his father wasn’t? It was clear that John ceased contact the second he left home.
“I think it’s best if we leave,” Mrs. Hudson said softly to him. He nodded, still curled over in pain. The cocaine was beginning to wear off, and the feelings came back to him more clearly. John did this. John hurt him. He knew, of course, that John had a temper, but he was still surprised. Every breath hurt, and he could barely stand up.
Sherlock’s eyes widened. John...made a pun?
another said.
It was only a matter of time before John knew. Not that it really mattered, because John hated him, but Sherlock didn’t want John to know. John couldn’t know. Anyone else could, but not John. Their relationship was already past mending, but this would push John over the edge. Sherlock could live without John. Sherlock could even live with John hating him. Sherlock couldn’t live with John knowing how much Sherlock loved him.
“It’s all right,” Sherlock said, and he sounded slightly out of breath. They awkwardly separated. The toast popped up and Sherlock lunged for it gratefully.
There he was.
“Bother me? Not at all,” John said. “I’m flattered that you asked but you don’t need to, okay?”
“I really don’t care,” Sherlock said. “Your pick.”
“I solved a case whilst you were gone,” Sherlock said as soon as he could speak, finding that to be a safe topic and hoping that John wouldn’t deem it as rude.
Thank you for your comments so far. It makes me incredibly happy to see that people like my work enough to comment. :)
Sherlock sighed and glanced at the clock. He had put Rosie into bed over three hours ago. It was now midnight.
Sherlock laughed weakly at that. “It’s nice,” he mumbled. “You don’t have to stop.”
John came home from the clinic one day to find Sherlock playing violin for Rosie. John’s hand tentatively held the small box in his pocket.
John nodded and shoved his hands in his pockets. “Should we go in?”
“He asked me to keep an eye on you.” Her tone was stern. “I intend to do just that.”
That was the tipping point. Everything that had been locked in Sherlock’s head since he jumped came rushing out. He sprang off the couch and started to pace. “I don’t want to keep punishing you. I never want to keep punishing you. I don’t know what to do instead,” he growled, glaring at the room. “I left and I came back for you. Do you know what happened to me while I was away? I was tortured and beaten. Mycroft had to break me out. Fucking Mycroft. I stayed alive even when I didn’t want to simply because you were waiting for me. And what do I find when I come back? You’re getting married to someone. You haven’t waited for me.”
“I don’t give you enough credit,” Sherlock croaked.
“Sorry,” Sherlock said, looking apologetic. “I didn’t mean for it to be. I could go out and get you a heated blanket, or something, or we can order one, that is if you want to have more nights like this-”
“Right.” John walked and stood over him. “Glad to see you’re back to normal.”
“Okay,” Sherlock said quietly.
“Okay,” he mumbled, lowering his eyes. John’s heart broke.
Sorry for the long note.
Later that night, after Rosie had been put to bed (wrapped up in her dog blanket) and the remnants of Christmas Dinner were cleaned up, John suggested that they put some carols on. Sherlock, not in the mood to play the violin, agreed.
John awoke the next morning to a heavy weight atop him and something tickling his nose. He sneezed. He shifted around for a moment before realising he was completely pinned down. He panicked for a second before remembering it was Sherlock, and then he grinned widely. Sometime during the night, Sherlock had drifted towards the end of the bed so his head was tucked underneath John’s chin. One arm was flung possessively around John’s torso, the other hand tucked beneath his cheek. His breathing was slow and steady. John ran a hand through Sherlock’s curls, marvelling at how soft they were.
Instead, he made tea.
“I should go get dressed,” Sherlock said, his heart breaking slightly. He didn’t even know why. Maybe it was disappointment at being too slow. Maybe it was that their fragile peace had been fractured.
Sherlock took her into the sitting room as John left the flat. He sat her in John’s usual chair, removing the Union Jack pillow first. He brought out his violin. He hadn’t played in a while, and never just for Rosie.
“Something like that.” Sherlock sighed. He had begun to like Wiggins, and that was rare. Wiggins was quiet and respectful and didn’t ask stupid questions. His chest twisted.
He did it at the next block, too.
“Good.” Sherlock settled himself back across from John. “Do you want tea before we start? Or coffee?”
“Yes.”
Sherlock watched as John avoided looking at him. “Yes, it is.” He waited.
Sherlock looked stricken. “I never asked you to do that, John. I didn’t mean-it was never my intention to have you cancel your plans for me.”
“Care to explain?” He frowned at Sherlock.
He put his head in his hands. He was fucked.
“He said-he said that I made a vow.” His voice broke. You swore it. “I failed him.”
“Sherlock, listen-”
His usual nightmares came back. He had to kill John, once again. But then it got worse, and John blamed him for it, and left again. Then the murderer decided to kill him because he was gay, and Mycroft was telling him it wasn’t okay, and John was telling him it wasn’t okay, and he was being burned, burned, his whole body on fire, agony, pain-
daughter. John had just called Rosie his and Sherlock’s daughter. He resisted the urge to kick himself. Now he just had to go and do that, didn’t he. It was bad enough, the look on Sherlock’s face when he asked him about his death. Sherlock clearly knew he’d made a mistake. More than a mistake. John just couldn’t help it sometimes. He was still hurt, still furious.
Sherlock widened his eyes, a thought coming to him. “That’s why you like the morgue. You can talk to the bodies.”
Sherlock lowered his voice. “Rosie’s opening her gifts and John misses Mary. So yes, a bit busy.”
“Some what?”
He had to try several times to get the key in the lock. It didn’t work. His fingers wouldn’t cooperate, so he rang the doorbell for 221A.
Sherlock fell out of the car. His hands were still handcuffed, which led to an ungraceful near-faceplant on the pavement. “Oh, Sherlock,” Mrs. Hudson said, and hauled him to his feet. John opened the door for them. The last time Sherlock had been to his flat, Molly had given him the note. He leaned heavily against Mrs. Hudson. She took his cuffs off when they were inside the flat, satisfied he wouldn’t leave.
“Thank you,” Sherlock said, dignified.
If You Leave: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EPmTGFg06zA
It took him a very long time to fall back to sleep.
“Can you sleep now?”
“I can make something,” Sherlock offered. “I’m sure I have some canned soup or something around here. Is tomato okay?”
Figuring there was nothing else to do, he left the cup on the table and went into his bedroom. His sheets were neatly made, just how he had left them that morning. It was hard to believe that just that morning he had been unaware of everything that would happen. Just that morning, he and John were still friends. Just that morning, Mary had still been alive. He punched the bed, over and over, and then fell onto it, making a low noise in the back of his throat. He pressed his face into his pillow, trying to stay quiet. Trying not to wake Mrs. Hudson up.
“Could be worse,” Sherlock said, attempting humour. He failed miserably, his voice a croak.
“What are you doing?”
“Tell me why John doesn’t want to stay with you anymore.”
“Not here.”
The phone rang. Right on time. “Is it Page Heath Villas in Bromley?” Sherlock asked when he picked up.
“Sherlock, wait.” John caught the sleeve of his coat in his fingers. “Explain. Please.”
The cabbie was playing an awful song on the radio. Sherlock gritted his teeth. The music was too loud, the beat too exciting. Nothing like the mood he was in, apprehension nearly winning out over the excitement. He gripped his coat tightly and stared out the window. London flashed by him, shoppers mingling with each other, coats pulled over heads or umbrellas open. John wasn’t standing outside when Sherlock arrived, which was to be expected. John nearly always ran late. Sherlock estimated that he’d be at least ten minutes. He paid the cabbie and went to wait for him.
Lauriston Gardens was nearly silent when he arrived. He pulled his coat a bit tighter around him.
Internalized homophobia, talking about drugs.
“I didn’t know that what happened earlier could be so cathartic.”
“I am. I promise. I’m trying to fix things between us. I’m trying to make things right. You were my best friend, Sherlock. I want to go back to that.”
Harry shook her head. “I’m waiting. Just to make sure.”
“It can be,” Sherlock said softly. “When I was…during that, when I was…I mean after…”
John shook his head. “Sherlock. No. I did it twice.”
John’s phone buzzed. He pulled it out of his pocket. Sherlock watched him. “Shit.”
“She’s my sister.” John frowned at him. Sherlock glared back.
*****
“Please tell me what I can do.”
“No. I shouldn’t have done it. But I’ve apologised so many times, Sherlock. Sometimes it seems as if you just want to keep punishing me.”
Mary was collapsed against a low wall, gasping. Blood had spread across her chest in the same position where she had shot him, but there was so much more of it. He rushed to her side, bending over, looking into her eyes.
“Good morning,” he said. She held out her arms. He picked her up and changed her, then carried her down to the kitchen. He sat her down and then prepared her food.
“This is your car?”
Then the smell of eggs hit his nose. He sniffed and peered into the kitchen. John was standing at the stove, Rosie balanced on his hip. Sherlock swallowed. His sleep-ridden brain had forgotten that John was staying with him. He took a careful step towards the kitchen, planning to slip in and grab some tea before he and John argued more.
They sat like that for a while longer, Sherlock thinking about John. He thought about how much he loved John, and how mad he was at the same time. It was an annoying sense of juxtaposition. The worst part of it was that John didn’t love him back. He couldn’t talk to John about it because John would leave. And John wouldn’t apologise because...actually, Sherlock didn’t know why. He wanted to talk about what John did. He
“Don’t be,” Sherlock said quickly.
Sherlock didn’t say anything, but walked into their bedroom. John counted that as a win. He gave Sherlock a moment, and then followed him in. Sherlock was bent over his dresser, poking at the top drawer. “John,” he said. “Do you think Molly would let me keep this in the lab?”
“I will.”
“Yes, I thought you’d notice. I don’t think they’re toxic, but you never know, and I didn’t want to expose Rosie to them.”
*****
A man was running towards him, leaping over the gap and coming closer. Sherlock put his hands up and braced for impact. He didn’t know who it was.
Each bump in the road on the way to the hospital reignited the pain in his chest and face. Blood slowly trickled down into his eye, and even though he put pressure on it, it didn’t stop. He’d probably need stitches.
John hit him in the face, right above his eyebrow. It hurt instantly. His head cracked against the edge of the table, hard enough to break the skin. He was fairly certain his face was bleeding as well. Nausea rushed over him and he coughed. The cup of water fell off and broke on the ground, soaking into his trousers. John hit him again, this time in the jaw. Sherlock’s jaw was clenched in pain, so the punch itself didn’t hurt too much. The one to his nose right afterwards did, though. He didn’t think it was broken, but it hurt like hell. He crumpled to the floor, resisting the urge to wipe the blood trickling into his eye.
Smith’s eyes gleamed. “Very good, Mr. Holmes. Very good.” Sherlock coughed, bile rising in his stomach. Smith was the worst person he had ever met.
“Okay.” Sherlock brushed past him. He had a sudden desire to play violin, but didn’t think it would be welcome. He gingerly settled himself into his chair and crossed his ankles. He was content to stare at John, to deduce how he’d been doing and all the little things he’d missed.
After he said all this, Sherlock watched him. Completely overwhelmed with emotion. John let him catalog everything he had said in his Mind Palace. Minutes later, he opened his mouth.
Lestrade looked shocked. “That’s why you were in the hospital?”
“Seriously?” John was frustrated. “Do you at least know why he’s upset?”
“Sherlock…”
It took him a while to fall asleep, even when reverting to his usual techniques of listing all of the atoms in descending order by atomic numbers. His dreams that night were anything but restful. They were strange and haunting, filled with the blue light reminiscent of both the pool with Moriarty and the aquarium. John was drowning in the pool while Mary lay dying on the edge. Moriarty was pressing a gun to the nape of Sherlock’s neck. The metal was cool against his skin. He was powerless to help them. He could only watch as they died ever so slowly. He couldn’t wake himself up, couldn’t get himself to snap out of the dream. He was forced to kneel there and watch as John finally sank beneath the water.
John smiled. “I’m so proud of you. Have you…” he took in the tiredness around her eyes, slightly bloodshot, and the drawn expression on her face. She hadn’t gone back to alcohol. She was still suffering withdrawal. “Never mind. I’m just happy for you.”
“I think you should see this.” She pushed the door open and he followed her. Most of the tables had been removed, and most of the equipment, leaving only one table. A body was underneath. A little over five-and-a-half feet, judging by the form under the sheet. Molly walked over to it. Sherlock followed. She slowly pulled the sheet back.
John paused and swallowed. “I don’t want to, but sometimes I can’t help it. It makes me do things I’d rather not do. Like hit you.” Sherlock scrutinised John. His posture was rigid, his voice pained. He was fidgeting with the cuff of his jumper, purposefully avoiding Sherlock’s eyes. “I regret that every fucking day, Sherlock. Every. Fucking. Day. I don’t want to be like him, but I am. I am.”
“Why are you here?” Sherlock asked, again.
“I know,” Sherlock said again. “I truly am sorry.”
“No, Sherlock, he doesn’t,” Molly said, in that same soft voice, and left the flat.
“No.”
Harry held the door for him. He took a seat at a small table near the window, settling Rosie on his lap. After they ordered, Harry just looked at him. “You never want to meet.”
Sherlock waved his hand dismissively, but his expression betrayed him. It was tighter than usual, closed off. “It’s fine. I’ll be fine, John.”
This chapter was short because it was the first one. The next ones will be longer.
“I’m not discussing this here.” Sherlock gestured at the crime scene.
The man sighed and bent down to rustle through a drawer. “Sign this, please.” Sherlock took the proffered pen and paper and scribbled his name on the line. He didn’t bother to read the paper. “I’ll get your clothing.”
Sherlock clasped John’s hand and put his hand on John’s shoulder. John wrapped his other hand around Sherlock’s waist. They waited.
“Smith, he, he…” Sherlock swallowed. He gestured to his face. “He did this. Well. Part of it.” He touched his stitches and realised that Smith had reopened the injury.
“That’s good, then.” John smiled at him encouragingly.
Sherlock hadn’t wanted a huge wedding, and to his delight, John agreed. They decided on a small wedding, held in Sussex near the coast. Sherlock hadn’t wanted to invite many people, but John convinced him to invite a few. Lestrade, Mycroft (Sherlock had tried to tell John not to, but John insisted), Mrs. Hudson, Molly and her fiancé, Sherlock’s parents, and Harry and Clara. A few others. Eurus was not invited, nor even considered, for which Sherlock was very glad.
The night was long, and it was hard not to fall asleep for once. Normally, he hated sleeping, but everything in him wanted to sleep and then wake up in the morning to find this was all a bad dream. Sherlock also couldn’t help being angry with John. It wasn’t fair of him to mess with Sherlock like that, not fair at all. He was angry, and sad, and just wanted to sleep, but sleep meant nightmares so he didn’t. His room was freezing, which helped him not to sleep. He prayed morning would come faster.
He stared at John’s empty chair as John paced above him. Sherlock listened to him moving around. If he closed his eyes and concentrated, he could almost pretend that it was the old days. Before he left for two years, before Mary. When John still lived with him. Sherlock sighed and tucked himself tighter into his chair. John didn’t come back down.
The next time Sherlock injected, he decided it was crucial that he stayed in his flat. The last time he had gone out, Lestrade caught him. He couldn’t be caught. Not now. He didn’t want to go to rehab. Sherlock didn’t care that he was destroying himself. There was nothing left for him.
Word count: 4,765
John was sitting on the edge of his bed when Sherlock entered his room. His head was in his hands. He was trembling. Sherlock hesitantly sat down next to him and put a hand on his back. “Do you want to talk about it?”
one proclaimed.
“You’ll get addicted. It might kill you, Sherlock, don’t you-”
“I still pay rent on my old flat.”
“What is?” John turned to him in surprise.
The flat fell silent after Sherlock said this. He clasped his fingers under his chin and waited for the argument he knew was coming.
“Withdrawal,” John said. “That’s pretty much it. You’ll be fine.”
“Too late for that now,” Sherlock said, and regretted it the second it left his mouth. He was fairly certain Mycroft knew, but it was something he really didn’t want to talk about.
“Why? You’re my best friend. Of course I love you,” John said, his eyebrow raising and his mouth pressing into a line.
Mrs. Hudson supported him on the way out the door. The last thing he saw was John flexing his fingers, looking down at his knuckles, an expression of misery on his face.
“Nothing,” Sherlock said.
Sherlock said. His lungs felt like they were filling with water. He was drowning. He was drowning in his own emotions, and he would never resurface.
Sherlock rested his chin on the top of John’s head and pulled him into a sideways hug. “It’s going to be okay,” he said, not knowing if it really was. “I’m here now.”
“Mr. Holmes?” Wiggins’ voice forced him out of his stupor and he blinked. “You all right?”
“That happens.”
“Yes?”
“I think she would, yeah,” John said.
“No, John,” he said tiredly. “It’s what you think.”
Sherlock resumed his examination of angles. He closed his eyes and saw the man standing up, back to the position he had been in before he was shot. He walked to the edge of the rooftop and glanced over the edge. The rooftop of the building adjacent had a better hiding place. A door stood upright on it, cracked open. Perfect.
“Oh. Wiggins? No idea.” Sherlock resumed playing, screeching out high notes, sharp and quick. He heard Lestrade sigh under the assault of the violin. “Goodbye.” He gave Lestrade no choice but to exit the flat, slamming the door rather hard behind him.
John’s face flushed in the golden light. “Yes, well, I saw it. Figured you might like it to be our dance, yeah?”
Word count: 2,266
wrong
“Thank you, John.” Sherlock tugged John’s hand out of his hair and rested it against his chest, holding it with his own. John’s other hand resumed stroking his hair.
Maybe it wasn’t such a terrible song after all. He held John a little closer, a little more intimately. The song resonated around the small room. John relaxed. Sherlock didn’t let go.
Sherlock swallowed, calming his heartbeat. “Can I...kiss you again?” He held his breath as he watched John. Finally, John nodded. Sherlock leaned in slowly. John’s breath was hot on his face. He kissed him, as lightly as he could.
“She did,” John said, and kissed him again. He couldn’t help it. Sherlock’s chest was warm against his own.
He was very surprised that John had said what he did. He was also very angry. John deserved so much better than what his father had given him. He hated the man, hated him with a burning passion, and he didn’t even care about respecting the dead. This man had hurt John, physically and mentally, leaving scars running deep. He couldn’t tell John any of this, of course, but he could think it.
John kept a close eye on him the next day. Sherlock tried to pretend everything was normal, that he wasn’t leaving that evening. He spent most of the day playing the violin to an audience of Rosie. John was with them too, having taken the day off work. Sherlock was slightly exasperated with this because, “really, John, why would I leave during the
By the door, hands tucked in his pockets, looking very uncomfortable, was John.
“Woah,” John said in alarm. “You okay?”
“I told you, I don’t know who that is,” John said impatiently.
Also, I did change the summary of the fic.
“Good morning,” Sherlock replied, slipping past John on his way to get a cup of tea. The water in the kettle was still the ideal temperature. He poured some for himself.
“That’s what you say after our first kiss?” He said when he could finally breathe. “I take back everything I said about you being a romantic.” He frowned, but John chuckled and kissed him affectionately. That kiss was short, chaste, only a brush of lips before Sherlock was pulling back but keeping his hands on John’s waist. John’s smile faltered at the anxious look on Sherlock’s face. He knew that look. Normally he got it when he had miscalculated on a case (however rare that may be), and John’s stomach did an unpleasant flip.
“He’s drunk,” said Wiggins from behind him. Sherlock opened his mouth to protest, but then realised that assault of an officer while drunk would allow for lesser charges than assault of an officer while on cocaine.
This was brilliant. It was perfect. He couldn’t immediately deduce what was happening from the email. He would have to go to the crime scene. His plan of staying in the flat was immediately dismissed. A case was just what he needed.
Sherlock interrupted him. “Please.” Soft, pleading. John couldn’t blog about this case. Not this one.
John looked at him steadily. “It is. Since when have we been traditional? Besides. If I had gotten you a ring now, then after the wedding you’d have two and I’d have one. We match this way.”
“Lovely,” Sherlock said, and then threw up again. His stomach settled a bit after that, but he stayed hunched over for a long moment just to be certain. When he deemed it safe, he stood up, flushed the toilet, and then looked at John.
“I’m fine,” John said.
“I think you need to stay away from me,” John said, clenching and unclenching his fist. He breathed heavily through his nose. “That would be best. I don’t want to be around a freak like you.”
John almost smiled. “We’re going to, you know. Today. We’re going to go to the shops and buy decorations.”
Sherlock heard muttering from the stairs. Lestrade dragged a chair over from the desk and sat down in it across from Sherlock. He said nothing, did nothing. Sherlock closed his eyes and leaned his head back across the couch.
“No, we haven’t.” Sherlock focused on his breathing. In, out. In, out. A tear slipped down John’s face, and he gently wiped it away with his thumb. “It’s okay, John.”
“Okay,” Wiggins said. “I’ll come.”
*****
“John’s wife?” Mrs. Hudson asked, blankly. “Mary Watson?”
“Are you still crying?” Probably insensitive, but he wanted to know.
“Sherlock!” It was John. John was here. John didn’t leave him.
The man gasped from the ground and all eyes turned to him. “It’s true. I did try and kill them. But they deserved it. Nasty bunch of fags.”
“Please tell me, Sherlock. You had been clean for so long.”
“We’re on a planet now,” Sherlock pointed out. “And we’re living. The planet’s orbit seems to be doing fine, and aside from global warming the planet is okay. Why do we need more planets?”
John laughed. “Fair enough.”
“Prick,” he said fondly. “Come on.” Sherlock slipped under the covers, motioning for John to do the same. He threw his dressing gown to the floor, and John joined him in the bed.
Mrs. Hudson took him into the hospital. “Molly?”
“No,” Sherlock said, but his body betrayed him by twitching violently. Lestrade cleared his throat and sat down on a chair beside him. Mycroft remained standing.
The cab ride to Molly’s was brief. Sherlock locked himself away back in his mind palace to continue filing-there was
“Yes, please,” Sherlock said. He wanted to defend himself, to say he wasn’t that out of it, just surprised. He refrained. John disappeared into the kitchen, then returned with two glasses. He handed one to Mrs. Hudson and the other to Sherlock. Their fingers brushed briefly, and lightning sparked through Sherlock’s hand. John settled back on the couch. Sherlock took a small drink.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I can,” Sherlock said. John knocked on Mrs. Hudson’s door as Sherlock climbed the stairs. Heat emanated from the top of the bag. The food smelled good, and Sherlock realised that he was hungry. He also hadn’t thought much about getting high the whole time they’d been walking home. Now that he was thinking about it, the cravings were strong. But they had been manageable earlier. He kept a smile off his face.
“Fine. But only a few.”
“Thank you,” John said, and held Sherlock’s hand. He was grinning, though, and looked perfectly happy.
“I came to check on you,” she said nervously. “You haven’t been in the lab for a while.”
“I know what that is,” John said. “It sounds like something you wrote.”
With every second passing, Sherlock felt his heart break even more. It wasn’t fair. He deserved it, of course. He killed a man and it wasn’t in self defense. He just didn’t know how he was going to survive his remaining time without John.
It took John a lot longer than usual to fall asleep. He was pressed against Sherlock, their hands tangled together. Sherlock had his head on John’s shoulder. John’s other hand was on his stomach. The weight of it was warm and familiar. It blocked out some of the ice.
he silently added. He wasn’t sure if Sherlock would appreciate the sentiment. He flashed back to what he had heard last night, but he wasn’t certain if it was a dream or not. Sherlock pushed himself into a sitting position. John frowned at him. “Where are you going?”
The cab ride to Olivia’s house was relatively short. The cabbie kept glancing back towards him suspiciously, but Sherlock paid him no mind. He was dropped off in front of a row of houses. Identical brownstone buildings, spaced a few feet apart. He took notice of their similarity. Dull.
That night was one of the longest Sherlock had ever gone through. The sunset through the window was pretty enough, but the building across the alley obscured most of it. He didn’t eat the food he was provided with, but he did drink another cup of water. He got ready for bed quickly, ignoring the stares from the others in the bathroom. His bed was hard and uncomfortable, the blankets too thin. He tossed and turned. He was exhausted, but he couldn’t stop thinking. He wanted John, he wanted cocaine. He couldn’t figure out which one he wanted more. His body ached and screamed at him. John didn’t even know where he was. John wouldn’t care where he was. Sherlock briefly considered deleting John entirely, but couldn’t bear the thought of it. He laid in bed until the sun came up. His eyelids were scratchy, his body tired.
“Please, Sherlock. Shut up.” He was secretly very pleased that Sherlock was criticizing the movie. They made it through most of it until the end.
“Thought I’d play something.”
John stepped through the door, hesitantly, one of his hands raised in greeting. The other was clenched at his side. Sherlock knocked into the drawer, stumbling forward, and pressed a hand onto the desk to support himself. He then stepped carefully over the pile of papers on the ground, moving carefully towards John.
“Not now,” John said quietly. He raised his head to look at Sherlock. Sherlock’s heart twisted. John’s eyes were red-rimmed, his cheeks blotchy and flushed. He coughed once.
Wiggins was flung over the couch when Sherlock returned, strung-out and glassy-eyed. “Did you save any for me?”
“How late were you out?”
He needed to focus.
“Oh. Good.” John felt Sherlock pressing his face even more into his hair. He moved himself a little closer, allowed himself to burrow more into Sherlock’s complying arms.
Mycroft stepped up to the reception desk. Sherlock blocked out all sounds, all movement, and entered his mind palace. He tried to find some solace in it, but the windows were closed, most of the rooms locked, the lights off. It was dark and foreboding.
“I’m not going to let you do this to yourself.”
“I’m sorry for assuming that you wanted sex. I sort of…jumped you. I shouldn’t have.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“I feel the need to apologize,” Sherlock started, but John hushed him.
Sherlock shook his head. “Not now.”
“You’re high again.” Not a question.
“We’ll find something,” John said with grim determination.
“You went back on drugs.”
“Yeah. Yesterday. What I said to you, that wasn’t okay.” John fidgeted with his fork. “It was wrong of me to say that you’d do drugs around Rosie. I know you wouldn’t. I just panicked.”
“John Watson isn’t here now, is he? It’s just you. Just you, Mr. Holmes. Like always.”
Sherlock didn’t say anything else as he left the room. He wasn’t sure exactly what he expected, but nobody followed him. A hollow pit formed in his stomach. Muffled voices from the other room grew fainter with every step he took. Over all the voices, he heard John making those terrible noises. He resisted the urge to cover his head and try to block out the sound, telling himself to listen.
“Dylan MacDonald,” Sherlock said absently, already starting to think over the case. If he could go to the funeral and see the body he’d be able to get identification, and then if he could get to the crime scene he was certain he’d be able to figure it out. “I’m going out for a while tomorrow.”
John shook his head and laughed. “Just enjoy the movie.”
“Why me?”
“Your
Mycroft hung up, and minutes later left him a message saying
“Of course it is,” John said. “But it’s better to not let your emotions build up like that. Ella taught that to me.” And then musingly he added, “I should probably book another appointment with her. She’s quite a good therapist.”
“You know why you’re here, I presume?”
“Oh.” Sherlock spat into the toilet, trying to clean the taste out of his mouth. “Apologies. I must have lost track of time.” He kept his voice a monotone. John didn’t need to know that he’d spent the past two days in a state of serious withdrawal. But then again, John was a doctor. He would know.
“Just my name. John.”
Sherlock nodded slowly. “You’re welcome.” After finishing dinner, they moved into the sitting room and turned on the telly. John sat across from Sherlock at the opposite end of the couch.
“Shut up, I’m trying to think.” The first murder - Maida Vale. The second - Elthorne Park. The third - Old Compton Street. The fourth - North Peckham Estate. And the fifth - Clapham Common. He clenched his jaw in frustration. There was a common factor, he knew there was. He let out a quiet shout of frustration and opened his eyes.
“Of course I’m not mad.” John kissed the top of Sherlock’s head, before stiffening in alarm. “Sorry.”
Sherlock managed a watery smile and started shuffling the cards. The game went well. He won, of course, though his heart wasn’t fully in it. Mrs. Hudson insisted that he cheated, which led to yet another game, that one being more fun. And if Mrs. Hudson was doing this on purpose to get him to cheer up, well, then, it was working.
“Can I...kiss you again?”
John exhaled. “Right, then. I’m going to bed.”
Sherlock was grateful for the cocaine. It took the edge off of the pain in his chest. It helped with the dark haze, allowing him to see the situation more clearly. It also helped him think faster and make his deductions flow more freely. He jotted down everything he had taken and then started up his laptop.
“What?” John furrowed his eyebrows.
The crime scene was a blur, flashing lights and sirens. Sherlock walked quickly through, John at his heels, until he found Lestrade. “The body?”
“Shut up. Just shut up. I already said we weren’t to discuss this.” Sherlock was breathing heavily, and his pounding head was the only thing stopping him from lunging at Mycroft or simply leaving the flat altogether.
“No.”
The Bible verse I used during the funeral is Isaiah 57: 1-2. I'm not religious nor have I been to a funeral, but as Sherlock explains, I thought Mary would want a pastor to speak at her funeral.
“Yeah?” His voice was definitely breaking.
Sherlock, in fact, had not been invited. “I’m not going.” He crossed his legs. Mrs. Hudson’s frown deepened.
*****
(See the end of the chapter for
“Sherlock?” His breath came in gasps.
“Hi.” He scratched the back of his neck hesitantly. “I guess we should talk?”
Sherlock frowned. He didn’t understand why people thought therapy was helpful. This wasn’t helping him at all. “What I should do. I killed his wife.”
“About?”
He was jumping to conclusions. There was no way someone could be this cruel. His heart pounding, he looked up Old Compton Road. There was a bombing, at the Admiral Duncan bar. His hands started shaking. Damilola Taylor was murdered at North Peckham estate, and Jody Dobrowski at Clapham Common. His palms started to sweat. They were all murdered for the same reason. With the possible exception of Taylor, because he was ten, but he was bullied for the same thing. And Turing, but Turing committed suicide. He slammed the laptop shut.
“To wish you a Happy Christmas. You’re not busy, are you?”
*****
“What would you like to talk about?”
Sherlock sighed deeply, trying to regulate his breathing.
“Me?”
“I’m Sherlock Holmes,” Sherlock said, and slipped under the tape. “I was told to come by one of your officers. Would you like to see the email?”
Fluff, and a few last conversations.
“You’ve taken over the couch.”
Sherlock coaxed out a few high-pitched notes on his violin. “Where’s Rosie?”
John flushed a little. “Yeah, she did.”
. Sherlock found it a fairly ridiculous book.
“Oh,” Sherlock said, and gave a watery laugh. He turned back to the desk.
“It’s been ages,” she gushed. Sherlock pushed himself slowly out of his chair. He walked over to John. His ribs were mostly healed, his bruises gone. The stitches had fallen out a few weeks ago. But there would be a scar, and sometimes it still hurt to breathe.
“Thanks for dinner,” John said quietly. “It was...nice.”
“No? But…”
John locked his eyes firmly with Sherlock’s. His gaze was intense. Sherlock almost broke it, but found that he couldn’t look away. John’s voice was steady when he asked, “Maybe Rosie and I can come for New Year’s, too?”
John buried his face deeper into Sherlock’s coat, and now that was just ridiculous. John wanted to stay. Sherlock wanted John to stay. He gently pushed John away from him and grasped John’s chin with his hand. He flicked his eyes down to John’s lips, to tell him exactly what his plan was. John swallowed again.
Back at the flat later that evening, Sherlock helped John unpack everything. Rosie’s clothes went in John’s old drawers upstairs. Everything of John’s was put in Sherlock’s-actually, in
“No, Greg, this one was different,” John explained, inhaling sharply.
The showers were at the end of the hallway, divided into small cubicles. Running water told Sherlock that he wasn’t alone. He sighed. Showering would be difficult with his injuries, and the last thing he wanted was to be in the company of another person. The nurse handed him a bar of soap, and told him to call for someone if he wanted to shave. He didn’t care enough to do that.
“Yes, I realised that after she so kindly pointed it out.” Despite himself, John started to laugh, and after a moment Sherlock did too. “But seriously, are you okay?”
“Reassuring,” Sherlock groaned. John watched him as he wiped his mouth and stood up shakily.
He closed his eyes.
“Sherlock, as you know, I will be going to Mummy and Daddy’s for Christmas.”
“Sorry,” John mumbled.
“I need to clear my head,” Sherlock told him. “I promise I won’t get high. You can call Mycroft and tell him to monitor me on CCTV if you desire.”
He then wandered out into the sitting room to place the present under their terrible tree. He flicked on the coloured lights above the fireplace. Sherlock shivered again. Going back into his room, he took one of his dressing gowns from his closet-the blue one-and tugged it on before lying back down in bed on top of the covers.
bed.”
*****
Sherlock stood up as soon as John reached him.
The song they dance to is Always by Isak Danielson (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YZdyIgst-S4). As Sherlock says, it is not a song to slow dance to, but the lyrics were so fitting that I couldn't resist. :)
He had hoped, maybe, that John would understand. He wasn’t stupid enough to think that it would be instantaneous, that things would automatically go back to the way things were, but he hoped maybe soon. When he saw John in the restaurant, all he wanted to do was bury his face in John’s shirt and hold on tight.
Thank you to all the kudos and comments. They encourage me to keep writing. And thank you so much for reading.
“No, it’s not.”
“No,” Lestrade said.
“Must I?”
Sherlock rose from his chair, making a split-second decision. “I’ll go pick her up and bring her back here. You both will stay for the night.” John started to protest, but Sherlock held up a hand. “Forgive me, but I don’t believe we’re finished with this conversation. And you’re clearly exhausted. This isn’t negotiable.” John nodded and sank back into his chair, smiling weakly.
And then Sherlock realised it. “You needed the money,” he said dully. “Mycroft offered to pay you again, didn’t he?” Mycroft raised a hand, but John interrupted him.
“Sorry?” John finally picked his head up from the book to look at Sherlock.
“You didn’t fail him,” Mrs. Hudson said gently. “He’s grieving, you’re grieving. He’s blaming you because he can. Because otherwise he’d be angry with no one to tell it to. Because you were there, because Mary sacrificed herself for you. But it’s not your fault.” He let her words sink it, imprinting them into his mind palace.
“I understand,” Sherlock said, and he did.
“We’re going to keep you here to monitor you for a few hours, then you can,” the doctor said with a smile. “You have stitches in your forehead, by the way. Nasty fight you got in.”
At the same time, John said, “hi.”
Then John’s arms were around him and he allowed himself to burrow in and to finally feel safe.
“Will you stay the night?”
Mary could barely speak, ragged breaths being pulled out of her mouth, chest heaving, tears streaking her face. “I think we’re even, definitely even.” She stuttered, sobbing, gasping, holding on by a thread. She turned back to John. “You were my whole world.” John threw his head back, face contorting, grieving. No light left in his expression, just rawness, exposed. John ducked his head. Sherlock couldn’t see his face. Didn’t even want to see his face. “Being Mary Watson…” she gulped, paused. John lifted his head slightly. A vein throbbed in his forehead. “Was the only life worth living.” She choked the words out. “Thank you.” John nodded, once, twice. He breathed deeply, unnaturally. Her head dipped.
“Not the one we sat at,” Sherlock said softly. “It’s not a date.”
After about ten minutes, the doors to the church closed and Olivia stepped up to the altar. “There are no words for this tragedy,” she said, sounding exhausted. Her eyes were red-rimmed. “Dylan was my son. I don’t know how-how I’m going to be able to move on without him. I don’t think I can, he’s-I, I’m sorry, it’s just-” she took a breath, composed herself. “Life happens. It does, and we have to move on, but it’s just so difficult. He was-everything I had.” She continued talking, but a loud buzzing filled Sherlock’s ears. He was reminded, suddenly, of John’s blog post after his death. He had written some bullshit about
They didn’t hang up any mistletoe.
You can’t possibly know what it’s like to-to-”
Sherlock nodded. He left the room to give John some privacy. He wandered into the kitchen, taking notice of the brightly coloured walls. There was a mark on one of the walls near the bottom. John had kicked it. An empty glass of water sat on the table. Light dust had gathered over everything in the time that John had been away. Not enough to really make a difference, but enough to make everything look freshly deserted. Like the occupants had died. Sherlock shuddered at the thought.
Lestrade led them to a side street. A huddled mass was on the ground. Sherlock crouched over it. A young man, in his thirties maybe. A piece of paper was crumpled in his hand, and Sherlock had to work to free it.
“Yes. One of the doctors. Dr. Miller.”
She took a shaky breath. “My daughter, Madison, is missing.”
you about each of these people,” Sherlock said.
“Maybe.”
“Stop. No. You can’t.”
“Culverton Smith,” Lestrade said, grimly. “Although, really, I caught him.” Sherlock was too tired to argue.
“Yes?”
“Congratulations, mate,” Lestrade said from behind the screen where Sherlock was getting dressed. Sherlock made a noncommittal noise. “I knew this would happen, you know.”
“I know you’re not, dear. It’s a figure of speech. But I think it rather applies to this, don’t you?”
to. Oh, how he wanted to see John again. Even if the circumstances were less than ideal.
“No.” John pressed his lips together. “You’re not a coward. I can’t believe that I never noticed. How much you cared. How much power I had to-to break you.”
“You’re tired, I’m obviously tired. Let’s not talk.”
As the evening stretched on, John became more and more exhausted. He stopped poking at his computer. He switched the telly on, but barely paid attention. Sherlock watched him. John kept yawning and rubbing at his eyes. Sherlock moved from his chair to sit next to John on the couch.
“Of course,” Sherlock said.
*****
“Gave in?” Surely John wasn’t insinuating what Sherlock thought he was...was he?
“Ready?”
*****
John almost dropped the teacups for the second time. His heart leapt in his throat. “You promised,” he growled, forgetting that he shouldn’t be angry.
“Mary!” John ran into the room. Sherlock immediately backed away from Mary. His heart sank. John was moving towards her, dropping to his knees as soon as he was near. Her loud gasps filled his ears. John murmured to her. “Mary? Mary? Stay with me, stay with me.” Sherlock watched, helpless. “Don’t worry.”
“John, you were alone and grieving and rightfully blamed me for your wife’s death. How was I expected to know what to do?”
“You called Lestrade? Why?”
Smith got closer to his face until their noses were almost brushing. “I don’t like you very much.”
“I assume you two are okay?” Greg had the decency to look a little embarrassed.
“What are you doing?”
He pulled out his phone to text them all Merry Christmas, but stopped when he saw the time. Three forty-seven. Too early for anyone else to be up.
“Good morning,” John said. He yawned. “I know you’re not asleep.” Was that...amusement in his voice?
John was late for the next intervention. Lestrade paced around the flat, checking his watch every minute or so. Sherlock ignored him, preferring to go to the comfort of his mind palace to wait. It was an overnight shift, dinner through breakfast. Sherlock was certain he wouldn’t be able to eat a single thing.
“You sure?”
“I wish you had, as well.” Sherlock couldn’t bear to be this close to John and not touch him, so he grabbed his hand again.
“Don’t write this one up,” Sherlock said at the end of his story.
after so many years-John kissed him back. His lips were chapped but soft. Their noses bumped a few times, but Sherlock tilted his head to solve that issue. They kept the kiss chaste. Warmth spread through Sherlock. John was
“Sherlock, I really don’t know if they actually are murders. It could just be a coincidence.” John sighed. He turned a page.
*****
“I can’t,” John said finally, and Sherlock knew what he was trying to say.
(See the end of the chapter for
John was up and off the couch in a second. “Hey. Sherlock. Hey. It’s okay. It’s going to be okay. We’ll fix this, okay? We can do it. We’ve survived so much together. We can get through this too. It starts with conversation, right?” John’s voice was panicked but it sounded so very far away. Sherlock grasped at his hair. John’s arms were around him and picking him up. Sherlock fought against him, but John somehow managed to take him over to the couch and bury Sherlock’s face in his chest.
John came downstairs not too long after. Sherlock was sitting in his chair, drinking his tea.
“Okay.” He hung up. Molly sounded distressed. Very distressed.
“It’s getting late. You should go to bed.” Sherlock’s voice was steady, but his back was tense. He did not look at John.
Sherlock had rolled his eyes, but told him he did. John told him they should continue with this arrangement, especially if it meant Sherlock would sleep.
“Not exactly.”
“Inspecting,” he replied. “Please take your hands off me.”
“Thank you,” Sherlock said quietly.
John was silent for a moment. Then, “Can you hold me?” Sherlock stopped breathing. Again. Long enough for John to start talking again. “Unless you’re uncomfortable with that. I don’t want to overstep or cross boundaries.”
“I know that that sort of thing isn’t really your area.”
*****
“What? No,” Sherlock said. “I’m not even sexually attracted to you. I’m not sexually attracted to anyone.” Another reason he was broken.
“Fine.” Sherlock was planning on signing himself out in the morning, anyways, so it wasn’t really a big deal. The nurse left the room.
Wiggins smirked at him and lazily stretched his feet out. “Good, then,” he said. “I’ll make you some more for tomorrow morning.”
*****
“My office?” Lestrade suggested.
“John,” Sherlock started once the awkwardness became unbearable. “I really do think we should talk.”
Sherlock groaned. Mycroft always made things so difficult. “Lesser of two evils.”
“I’m not planning on being out long. Like you said, it’s raining and I don’t want to get too wet. I’d normally offer for you to come, but…” Sherlock trailed off, hoping John wouldn’t take offence at that.
“You need me?” John raised his eyebrows and laughed again. “You, Sherlock Holmes, needs me?”
*****
John smiled faintly. “Don’t you get it, Sherlock? It shouldn’t. I’m not good for you.”
“He wasn’t invited,” John interrupted. His voice cut Sherlock to the bone. Suddenly, he didn’t want to hear anything else. The room had turned stifling, hot and uncomfortable. He turned and left.
When John reached the altar, his smile didn’t break. Mycroft cleared his throat. The room fell completely silent. Sherlock shifted a little, tugged at the sleeves of his suit. Waited.
Time slowed to a halt, the echo of the gunfire reverberating around the small room. Blue light danced across the walls, moving much too sluggishly.
“Talk to Clara,” he called after her. Then, turning back to Rosie, he asked, “What exactly am I going to do now?”
“Oh, good,” Sherlock said, and rolled further onto him.
“John?” John didn’t move.
“You heard wrong,” Sherlock said, refusing to meet his eyes. His pulse quickened and his hands started to sweat.
“Yes, it’s me.”
“I don’t care how I’m feeling. I need to know what to do about John. Not me. I’m fine.”
“You understand, right? The reason? I don’t want to...lose you?”
“Home. Yes.”
John handed Rosie to Sherlock. His skin sparked and heated up where Sherlock had touched him, like there were live wires under Sherlock’s skin. He avoided Sherlock’s eyes.
“Don’t try to talk,” the nurse scolded.
“What did he say?” Sherlock asked, trying to ignore the fact that his heart had just about leapt out of his chest.
“John, I did it, I solved it…” he trailed off when he remembered John was no longer there. His heart throbbed and he bit his lip. After a moment of composure, he spun back to tell Wiggins and find the officers.
“What?” His mouth fell open. “But John was just here. He knows. He hates me even more now.”
“Okay,” John said mildly. “You too, love.” His words were slightly slurred.
“Good.” Sherlock slipped out through the front door and breathed in the air. His veins tingled at the thought of shooting up again. It had been so long, too long. He hailed the nearest cab he could, and made his way back to Baker Street.
“My little brother met Doctor Watson many years ago,” Mycroft said. “Those of us who were cleverer in the ways of people could see that they made each other better. While it took my little brother years to figure it out, it took Doctor Watson even longer. And I’m sure you can all agree that it was quite aggravating to watch.” Everyone laughed, and Sherlock scowled at Mycroft. “Anyways. They found each other, somehow, quite romantic.” John narrowed his eyes. Sherlock could see him wondering if Mycroft was the best person to officiate. “Sherlock has always claimed that he was above all emotion, but evidently that is not true. I am happy for them, truly. Little brother, you deserve this.” John’s face relaxed and Sherlock did too. It was the nicest thing Mycroft had said to him, which wasn’t a great sign, but he would be lying if he wasn’t slightly touched. “Now for the vows. Doctor Watson, you first.”
“Of course.”
“Not now. Not alone.” The words left Sherlock’s mouth in a rush. He prayed he wasn’t giving too much away.
Sherlock felt a strong hand on his back and was ripped away from the body. “Mr. Holmes, what are you doing?”
It only took Sherlock a week before he got bored. The week was spent being catered to by Mrs. Hudson and lying on the couch in a stupor. He was still in shock that John did what he did, and so spent most of his time thinking over everything. He thought so hard that his brain ached and turned to jelly but he still couldn’t think of a resolution. A few times he got high, and that only served to exacerbate his feelings of self-loathing.
Sherlock scowled at Lestrade. “Don’t say that.”
Mycroft cleared his throat. “Sherlock. We’re here because you need to be kept off the drugs.” Sherlock rolled his eyes again. “We have decided that we will sit with you. Because evidently, you can’t be trusted on your own.”
“Get it yourself,” John said. “Figured out what happened there?”
“Mr. Holmes!” He cried with alarm. “Get back into bed.” He hauled an unwilling Sherlock back into the bed.
“It’s not your fault.”
When he finally stopped trembling, he felt very, very cold. The window was open. He shivered. Anxiety attacks always made him exhausted, and he wanted to sleep, but was afraid of nightmares. So afraid. It was ridiculous, he didn’t get scared, but here he was. He allowed himself to lie down on his side, his muscles stiff. His eyes burned with tiredness, but he refused to fall asleep.
“Is this because you’re supposed to be watching me? You can trust me.”
“No,” John said patiently, “but you do. She’s dead, Sherlock. I’m worried for you.”
“Nothing,” Sherlock said, because that was the truth. “You can’t do anything. It will just take time.”
“Okay, you’re free to go.”
“I missed you,” John said. “I blamed you, wrongfully, and I missed you.”
“Sherlock,” John said sharply. And Sherlock wanted to smile, because that was the tone John used when he was reprimanding him. The same way he used to.
“You did? Or Mrs. Hudson did?”
Shaking her head, she left the room. “John would be happy to see you there.”
When it was over, Mrs. Hudson’s expression turned serious. “We need to have a talk, young man.”
“That’s nothing I can help you with,” Sherlock said coolly. “Now. If you-” Sherlock was interrupted by a wailing sound coming out of John’s pocket. John pulled a baby monitor out, looked at it, and left the room without a word. When he heard John’s footsteps on the stairs up to his bedroom, Sherlock entered the sitting room. He briefly considered picking up his violin to comfort Rosie, but her cries have mostly faded and he didn’t want to disturb her. Or have John come back down and yell at him.
“Why? And why this?” John read the comments. Something seemed to click because he shut the laptop and crawled into bed with Sherlock. John took one of Sherlock’s hands and encased it in both of his. “Sherlock.”
“Good,” Sherlock said. “That’s good.”
“If you must know, John,” Sherlock said, “I am asexual grey-homoromantic.”
Enjoy, and sorry for any spelling or grammar errors.
“What sort of movie?” Sherlock asked, suspiciously.
“Recovering addict,” Sherlock snapped back. “I haven’t touched drugs for weeks now. Do I still want to? Yes. Am I going to? Definitely not.”
“It’s hard to tell,” he said. “It depends on what counts as sanitised.”
“Baker Street is fine,” John said.
“Sherlock. Sherlock!” His eyes flew open and he breathed heavily. His blankets were thrown on the floor, and his hands were slick with sweat.
“Not gay,” Sherlock said. “Asexual grey-homoromantic.”
“John, I can assure you, I do everything for a reason.”
“So you can find her?” Olivia asked anxiously.
John waited for Sherlock on the stoop while he paid the cabbie. He was staring down at the pavement, cautiously avoiding Sherlock’s gaze. Sherlock unlocked the door and ushered John in. John’s hand on the railing was firm, his footsteps even, but Sherlock knew he was breaking inside. He was probably terrified of what Sherlock thought.
“Sherlock Holmes.” He didn’t have to wait long before the figure of a person emerged from the shadows. “I knew you’d find me.”
John shook his head, noting the familiar pang. Of course Sherlock would leave eyeballs in the fridge and not tell him. He rubbed his face with his palm and wondered what exactly he would do.
The rush took him quickly. His hands quivered, the empty syringe on the table taunting him. His thoughts sped up, flashed in his head. His eyelids twitched when he closed them, racing through the hallways of his mind palace. He was looking for John before he realised it, but the wing was closed. That was weird. He fell to the ground, slamming his fist on the door.
“Oh. That.” Sherlock searched through his mind palace. “Hmm. Seems like forever, if I’m honest.” John beamed at him. It wasn’t forever, though, that was impossible. It certainly wasn’t when they had met. John had fascinated him, yes, but he certainly hadn’t fallen in love with him right then and there. And then he remembered. Coming home after the pool incident, having a panic attack in his room because
“I love you,” John said again. Sherlock longed to reciprocate, but couldn’t. Not now. Not in Mary’s house. “I love you so much.” Sherlock held him a little tighter.
“John, please,” Sherlock said. It was a pleading whisper.
“Be careful, Sherlock.”
“I disagree,” Sherlock said. His senses were on high alert.
*****
“So?”
“Yes.”
“I’m sorry about last night.”
“You also slept in my bed last night,” Sherlock said, turning to him and frowning.
Sherlock walked over and took a seat in his chair. “Kindly refrain from discussing matters you don’t know the full story to,” he said, well aware it was rude.
“You bought it for me.” John laughed against his lips. “Of course it’s soft.” His phone buzzed and he reluctantly pushed Sherlock away. Mycroft, John mouthed. Sherlock rolled his eyes. “Hello?”
It was then. “It was after Moriarty had us in the pool. I realised what I would have lost by losing you.”
“Where have you been?” Wiggin’s eyes moved over Sherlock, taking in his rehab clothing.
Sherlock turned away, evidently done with the conversation. “Don’t get me dinner, John, I won’t be back at the flat for a while.”
Of course John was his boyfriend, they were dating. Sherlock liked the way it sounded. Boyfriend. He’d definitely never had one of those, unless you counted Victor, which again, he definitely didn’t. “I’ve never had a boyfriend before.”
“What are you doing?”
“John, I don’t think it’s wise to-”
“You were in love with her, or something,” he snapped, jealousy filling the pit of his stomach. It wasn’t fair to Sherlock to be mad at him for that simply because of his own feelings, but he couldn’t help himself. He had struggled with jealousy before, in the past, but he never could quite remember it being this strong.
“Don’t worry about it,” John said. “Come here, lie back down.”
John stared at the ground, wondering what went wrong. What he said. One second, Sherlock’s head was on his shoulder, and the next he was storming out of the house, not telling John where he was going. That in itself wasn’t surprising, as Sherlock didn’t often tell John where he was going - but he rarely, if ever, left like that. The only logical conclusion he could come to was that Sherlock was upset with him for some reason. But Sherlock tried very hard not to get upset, at least not visibly.
“Yeah. But still. Thank you.”
“That’s all you want? Egg rolls?”
“I don’t. I know what you’re going to say.”
“I don’t
“I am?” He touched his face. His hand came away damp. John hovered above him.
John gave him a look. “You’re just saying that to get me away.”
John accepted, and they sat in their respective armchairs with the glasses. “Cheers,” John said, holding up his glass.
Archie came up to stand next to Mycroft, tugging at his sleeve. Sherlock didn’t miss the slight nod Mycroft gave him.
It took John a few minutes to respond.
“Merry Christmas, Sherlock,” Mycroft said coolly. “How is everything?”
He left the bedroom, expecting to see Sherlock sitting in his chair, or at the desk, or doing experiments in the kitchen. What he was greeted with was a silent flat and no sign of him. His coat wasn’t on the rack, nor was his scarf. Not for the first time, John began to panic. Sherlock rarely stayed out overnight without at least leaving a note, and there was no note. Whatever John said, it really must have upset him. John debated calling Mycroft, but while Mycroft could have all of the British government to swarm Sherlock, Mycroft didn’t really know Sherlock. Not enough to talk about this. So he called Greg.
“I enjoy playing,” Sherlock replied. “You know this.”
John nodded. And then reached up a hand to run it through Sherlock’s hair, brushing the curls off his forehead. Sherlock blinked at him, his brain slowing considerably. It felt nice.
they now romantically engaged?) before moving in together. He also didn’t know if the rules were changed if they had been previously living together. Or if one moved out because the other fake-died. Or if the rules applied to their situation at all.
“Why? People would like this.”
“Lestrade told me I should force you to tell me,” John added, hoping that was the right thing to say.
“Show yourself,” Sherlock commanded. A man moved out of the shadows. Short, dark hair. In his early forties, perhaps. An expensive wristwatch glinted in the streetlamps. “Why are you doing this?”
“Cocaine isn’t the way to do that-”
He shook his head once, twice, to clear away the intrusive thoughts. His body was trembling. The freezing rain soaked his hair and trickled down his face. He made sure the collar of his coat was turned up, and when he was certain it was, he resumed the trip home. No longer running.
He strode into his bedroom and over to his closet, pulling out one of his best suits. A light grey shirt, black jacket, black trousers, black socks. He smoothed the shirt out with his hands before tugging off the one he was wearing and replacing it. His stomach churned nervously. He hung his dressing gown up and finished changing, then stepped neatly into the loo. He combed his hair, tousling it, all the while thinking about how ridiculous he was being. It wasn’t a date, and even if it was, it was with John. John, who had seen him in any manner of ways and looking like hell.
“Right.” John laughed harshly. “Yeah, all right.” He shook his head, clenched and unclenched his fist. “I just thought-when I didn’t see you-that you gave in.”
“John was here. Again. I know he was, he was just here. We need to find him.” Sherlock glanced rapidly from side to side as if John would materialise.
Sherlock cracked a smile at this. Good. This was good. Takeaway was good. “Egg rolls.”
“Now for the rings,” Mycroft said, and Sherlock’s deductions had been correct.
“I would like to sign myself out, please,” he said. Politeness was something he rarely bothered with, but if it would help him get out of here faster, he would be polite.
“He didn’t make it. I-I never got to say goodbye. He was abusive, and I didn’t like him, but I-” his voice broke again. Sherlock stretched out a hand, but evidently decided that was a bad idea and withdrew it. John almost wished he hadn’t. “Anyways. There was Major Sholto in the army, and I can’t pretend that I didn’t feel anything, but I didn’t ever give it much thought. I tried to ignore it and it worked. But then. Somebody else.”
It’s not clever. At all.” John neglected to respond. Sherlock managed to stay quiet for another moment.
“Have you ever wondered why I went on drugs after you got married? Why I left your wedding? I looked around and I saw you, so happy. You didn’t need me anymore. You had everything you wanted. You didn’t need your freak best friend. You didn’t need me. Nobody needed me. I looked around and I was so alone. I was so alone, and surrounded by people. I had already messed up your wedding with the murder. I didn’t want to ruin it further. It was your day, and best for Sherlock Holmes to be gone like everyone wanted.
“Oh, good, you’re up,” John said, effectively ruining that plan.
“I see. I’ll help, then we can go to lunch.”
“Sherlock had a-a nightmare of sorts. I woke him up, and he seemed really disoriented. Then it got...weird.”
I listen to the 1998 edit so that's what I've linked.
This is not very violent, but I put the warning due to the drug use and suicide references. In later chapters there will be more violence, but it will not be very graphic. If this bothers you, please don't read. I don't think it needs the mature warning but I put it just to be on the safe side.
The golden lights cast the room in a soft glow, reflecting off of John’s hair. Sherlock stood in the corner of the room, hands clasped behind his back. John stood next to him. He surveyed the room, waiting for the music to start. Lestrade was still talking with Mycroft, Molly was with her fiancé, Mrs. Hudson with Sherlock’s parents and Rosie. It was an odd mix of people, but Sherlock found himself satisfied with the way the night was turning out. More than satisfied, in fact. He slipped his hand into John’s and squeezed his fingers. John squeezed back. Sherlock kept his eyes trained on the rest of the room, but left his hand in John’s.
John’s flat was different from the last time he’d been inside, when Mary was still alive. The pictures on the walls were crooked, and the glass on one was broken. The picture of John, Mary, and him had been removed. He wasn’t surprised. The pillows had been replaced, light grey and plain now. “Where’s Rosie?” Sherlock asked hesitantly.
Sherlock said. He kissed John gently, wrapping him up against him.
“You’re the best thing that happened to me as well,” John whispered. “I was so alone, and I owe you so much.”
“What list?” Sherlock asked, feigning ignorance.
Sherlock smiled grimly. Nasty fight indeed. “What do I need to do?”
Sherlock nodded in agreement. “I wish we hadn’t.”
“Yes, Merry Christmas,” John said. Sherlock leapt off the bed. John adjusted the pillows until he was in a sitting position.
John shook his head and laughed in exasperation. “So you didn’t know before...before…”
John licked his lips. “I know. I’m going to try to talk. I’m going to try to sit through the uncomfortableness and answer any questions you might possibly have. I’m going to do my best, Sherlock, but I need you to understand that it’s difficult.”
“The one who was with you earlier.”
“I just want to see her.” Sherlock couldn’t keep the euphoric smile off his face as they climbed into the car. He pretended not to notice Olivia glancing suspiciously at him. “This is all a game to you, isn’t it?” she said after a moment of silence.
He should have pushed Mary out of the way.
“Come down to the crime scene.”
“Norbury is a vile and cruel woman. If you hadn’t done that, she’d still be free.”
“In case I did not make this clear,” Sherlock said. “I will marry you.”
“Of course it is. I planned it.”
Well, he supposed that it was true. “Do you have any idea of what it felt like to see you get
“There’s not much that’s mine,” John said, standing in the doorway. “It’s mostly Mary’s.”
Ella sat across from him, surveying him. Her hands were folded over a notebook in her lap. Neither of them spoke.
John felt like he was sinking. The Sherlock he knew wouldn’t willingly admit, ever, that he felt emotions. He felt bad for the millionth time in the past hour. John was drowning, drawing in incapableness and expectations, and he didn’t know how to pull himself out. He readjusted himself, wondering exactly how much harm would be caused if he pulled Sherlock against him. Not wanting to overwhelm him, he held off.
“He doesn’t hate you.” Her voice was soft.
He looked out the window, trying to get the courage to read John’s note. He needed to read it. No matter what it said. Especially if it said something negative. He owed it to John. He held his breath as he unfolded it. The creases were neat and sharp, but worn. John had creased them over and over, probably debating if he was sure this was what he wanted to say.
*****
*****
“The frailty of genius,” Sherlock told him. “It demands an audience.”
“You don’t have to do that,” John said, but looked slightly relieved so Sherlock figured it was the right idea to offer. “Chinese? I’ll order.”
Smith’s hands left his mouth abruptly and Sherlock gasped for breath. “Sherlock!” Someone called to him, loudly, concerned. He blinked spots out of his eyes and looked towards the door. Mycroft was standing there, Lestrade just behind him. Lestrade’s gun was drawn, pointing at Smith. Smith’s hands were above his head, his back turned towards Sherlock.
An insane laugh bubbled up from his throat. And then another. This was ridiculous. So ridiculous he had to laugh in order not to fall apart. He slipped out of bed and made his way to the kitchen. He didn’t have the strength to make tea, not really, and so he flopped down on the couch. His limbs were tired. His mind was not in the best shape. Not for the first time since Mary’s death, he craved cocaine. This was the strongest craving so far. He wanted it. He needed it. The brief relief, the manic energy, everything. The way he didn’t have to be himself even if just for a little while. He felt better, more alert, more euphoric when he was on cocaine than he did at any other time, save for when he was solving cases with John.
Sherlock shakily stood up and held out his arms for Rosie. John handed her to him. Their hands brushed. John’s skin was warm and soft, fresh from sleep. If Sherlock moved a little closer, maybe he could wrap his arms around John and hold him-
“Yes, it’s me,” John said quietly. “I’m here.”
It didn’t stay dreamless for long.
“How hateful,” Sherlock said, and tried for a weak smile. The corner of John’s mouth barely twitched. Sherlock followed John back into the sitting room and settled into his chair. John remained standing.
Mrs. Hudson’s eyes widened. She said nothing. He regretted his outburst almost instantly, but her questioning was becoming annoying. He knew he should be better to John. He didn’t want to hear it from her, too. He was tired. Tired of feeling like he failed. Knowing he did.
“This might not be an awful song after all, John,” Sherlock said quietly. John just laughed. Sherlock and John were almost chest-to-chest now. John’s hand was warm in his. His skin was warm through his shirt. Through the dance, they moved closer and closer to each other, relaxed a little more.
“Mary.” She stopped breathing, stopped moving, stopped talking. Stopped living. John put his arm around her and rested his chin on top of her head, looking straight ahead. Seeing but not seeing. He eased his head down, pressed it against hers. Held on tightly.
“Good.” John resumed stroking his hair. “Want to tell me about it? The dream, I mean.”
She shrugged. “They allowed me to leave. I’m in AA now.”
“Thank you,” John said stiffly. He picked up the menu and looked at it. Sherlock did the same. He glanced over the items on it, only pretending to read them. He knew the menu. He’d eaten there countless times, particularly when John was engaged and then after his marriage. He usually got the same thing: vegetable soup with a side of bread. But he still kept his head in the menu, waiting for John to say something. Angelo came by and took their orders, and still John said nothing to him.
“You gave him a place to live, and in return, he provided what you needed to get high?” Mycroft frowned at him.
John stepped in and switched on the light at Sherlock’s bedside. “You’re crying.”
“I won’t.” John yawned.
He turned to go back upstairs, but Mrs. Hudson stopped him. “John, dear, a moment please?”
“It’s not. It’s not okay.”
“No,” Sherlock said. “Not really. Maybe. I don’t know.” He let out a shaky breath.
“I hit you. You came to me, clearly asking for help, high off your arse, and I hit you. I shouldn’t do that. In no way is that okay. It’s something he would do. He was abusive and angry and violent. Do you know how many years of therapy it took for me to come to those conclusions?” John laughed bitterly. “It took me a very long time. Sherlock, I don’t want to inflict that kind of pain on you.”
Sherlock followed him down to Mrs. Hudson’s and knocked on the door. She opened it, beaming. “Hello, boys, how are you?”
“Are they not murders? I was almost certain you were right, you’re quite compelling.”
John nodded and pressed his lips together. When he spoke, it was grim. “Dad, he, he said terrible things. He hated it. Said that he didn’t raise any gay children.” John closed his eyes. “He said that he didn’t accept her. Not in that many words, of course. He mostly said it with his fists.” John laughed hollowly. Sherlock wanted to hold him tightly in his arms. “Harry handled it really well, looking back on it. She started ignoring him. And she started ignoring me. I didn’t stand up to him. I was too terrified of him. I couldn’t help her, and I think it was easier for her to ignore both of us. She started staying out later, not coming home until well past midnight.
Night had fallen when he got up again. He was exhausted. He could feel it deep in his bones, permeating him like a thick fog. He dragged himself from the couch, considering playing the violin, but almost immediately dismissed that idea and went into his room instead.
“When was it for you?” John was distracted by the warmth of Sherlock’s chest against his cheek through his thin t-shirt, but thankfully Sherlock understood what he was asking.
“That’s bloody ridiculous,” John scoffed. “Sherlock’s never needed me.”
“Yeah, right,” John said. “I’ll make something for us to eat.” And maybe there was disappointment in his voice as well.
“Don’t worry about it,” was all Mycroft said.
“I’ve already killed six people. One more won’t make a difference.” A shot rang out, and Sherlock ducked. It hit the wall behind him.
“Yes,” John admitted. “But I like
He focused on that, trying not to think about John. It was pointless. Euphoric joy threatened to overwhelm him, but the crushing feeling of John’s hatred kept it at bay. Mrs. Hudson truly was a terrible driver. He felt the car crash into bins, drive over the kerb, before it came to an abrupt halt. He thought he heard sirens, but blocked it out. All was silent.
“The Detective Inspector is simply worried about you, Sherlock. As am I.” And Sherlock never knew what to say when his brother expressed ‘affection.’ Mycroft sighed after Sherlock stayed quiet for minutes. “You know how this goes, Sherlock. You get addicted. You cut everyone out. You get angry when I bring it up. Then I have to pick up the pieces, you fix the issue, you promise you won’t do it again. Can we not skip to the part where you fix it? Do you really have to do all this?” Sherlock tipped his head back and waited for Mycroft to continue. “I’m sorry, Sherlock, truly I am. I know it’s hard for you, given how you feel about Doctor Watson. I understand that, but-”
Instead, he said, “John. You’ve done nothing wrong. I only need to get some air. I’m very grateful that you told me.”
“That’s it?” Molly looked at him in amazement. “No horrid protest?” Mycroft gave her a look, one that said
“I need you to find Sherlock,” he said as soon as Mycroft picked up.
“I’ve been watching you for a while. John hasn’t been here. I’m sorry,” Lestrade said.
Sherlock had been prepared for many different outcomes to seeing John, none of them positive. However, he hadn’t been expecting John to not answer the door.
Sherlock raised his eyebrows. “What are you doing here? This is my brother’s house.”
He blindly walked to the door, throwing on his coat and grabbing his scarf. John’s voice called to him, but he was already out the door.
She took Rosie from him. “Go to him, John.”
stop throwing up.
“Never mind!” He slammed the door shut and made his way jauntily into the kitchen. Wiggins. Where was he? What good was a live-in drug dealer if he wasn’t going to make you tea? He filled up the kettle and loudly banged it down onto the stove, then set it to boil.
“Anything,” Sherlock said, hoping that it wasn’t something else he didn’t particularly want to answer.
“Wait here. I’ll be right back.” Sherlock strode up to the front desk. A nervous-looking young woman stared at him. His shoes made tapping sounds on the tile. “Hello,” he said, smiling as widely as possible. “My name is Sherlock Holmes.”
“You’re just saying that to try and deflect,” John said, venom in his voice. “Everyone’s sexually attracted to someone. Unless you’re not even human. Which, now that I think about it, might be true.”
“Yes, I know it’s Mary.”
And he just really needed to see John.
“Good.” John kept doing it. Sherlock sighed and curled up even tighter. He normally would have shied away from all forms of physical contact, particularly ones like this which made him seem very vulnerable. But he was too tired to pretend like he didn’t like it, and he was too tired to pretend like this wasn’t something he had been needing for years.
“It’s always dangerous.”
“Okay.” And John hung up.
“Then why did you say-oh.” John wrapped an arm around Sherlock and pulled him closer. Sherlock immediately melted into his touch, pulling John against him. Sherlock was warm, and now that they were so close John figured out that yes, he did smell slightly of citrus. Sherlock’s breath came quickly. Nervously. “That’s why. I see.”
“Where are we going?”
“I don’t know,” Sherlock said. “The apology helped. I think it will simply take time.” John’s face fell at that. He wanted to help, that much was obvious. Sherlock wanted to forgive him. He wanted to tell John that he loved him and that he forgave him and that he’d never leave him, but that would surely be unwelcome and wouldn’t be wise when John was so worked up. And something was stopping him. He wasn’t quite ready to forgive John-not yet-but he understood why John didn’t say anything, sort of, which definitely helped. “Why did you do it?”
“I’m fine.”
Only for a moment, of course, because although breathing’s boring it was quite necessary to living. In this moment, Sherlock was sure he wanted to be living.
“I know you’re up.” He gently prodded John’s ribcage.
He slowly spun away from the door, putting the note gently in his pocket. This was the absolute worst outcome there was. And one he wasn’t prepared for. In a daze, he made his way to the sidewalk to call a cab. At least John was alive. A choked laugh escaped his lips. His chest tightened. The cab pulled up quickly, and he stepped inside. “Baker Street, please,” he said.
“This isn’t good, brother mine,” Mycroft said.
John nodded slowly. “The ones we had at that party?”
“Why?,” was what he finally said. Sherlock snapped his head up and met John’s eyes across the table. Perplexion wrote itself across John’s face.
“Greg!”
“I know, Sherlock. I know. Don’t ever do that again.”
He didn’t have time for this. His hands itched for a cigarette.
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “Probably not.”
“Not really,” John said. “It only made me want to be with you more.”
Sherlock frowned at him and began to play again. “Why should I do that?”
“Please let me finish,” John interrupted. “Turn back around.” Sherlock did, keeping his spine and shoulders ramrod-straight. He was tense, John noticed. Afraid that John would do something insensitive. “I’m not upset with you in any way,” John added, and Sherlock visibly relaxed. Good. “Now that that’s out of the way. You’ve changed my life, Sherlock, and I mean that in a good way. As you’ve probably deduced, I was planning on ending my life before we met. Then you came into my life and everything changed. You made me feel like I had a purpose, that I was doing something that made everything worth it. I-I don’t know how to thank you for that. And I know I’ve hurt you, I know I have. I regret all of it, Sherlock. Everything I’ve done. You didn’t deserve it, and everyone else hurt you too, and that’s not alright. It’s not okay with me. I just don’t understand why they don’t see you like I see you. Because to me, you’re the most important person I know. Well, you and Rosie,” he amended, laughing a little. Sherlock didn’t move. “And-I know I’m difficult, you’ve put up with hell from me, especially in the last year with what I was going through, and I just wanted to say thank you. Because you, Sherlock Holmes, have given me life again. You’ve given me everything I could ever have asked for. And I love you. So…” John knelt down on his knee and pulled out the little box. He opened it, displaying a slip of paper. Sherlock didn’t move. John’s heart momentarily leapt into his throat before he realized that he had never told Sherlock to turn back around. “You can look now.” John gave a little laugh as Sherlock slowly spun around, taking in the sight. “Will you marry me, love?”
“Don’t,” she hissed. “Don’t tell me how to grieve for my son.”
Grey-blond hair. Eyes closed, a bullet wound neat in the temple. The skin was sallow, pale.
He could only watch as the figure in front of him collapsed to the side. Shadows solidified, time sped up. The room was still bathed in blue light.
Greg sighed over the phone. “I really hope you comforted him.”
Sherlock sat against the headboard of his bed and tucked the covers up around his knees. He clasped his hands together and rested them against his legs. Lovely. Time slipped away from him as he entered his mind palace. The John wing was still mostly boarded up, all his records stored there. He bypassed that to look for something to calm him down. A pirate ship, perhaps.
“It’s fine. I’m sure that if I were normal I would have enjoyed it. I did enjoy the kissing, I just don’t want that right now.”
He was pulled back out of it sometime later by his phone buzzing. Lestrade. He sighed and accepted it. A case would be good, probably. If it was interesting. Otherwise, he was content to stay in the flat and let his brain tear itself apart.
It had been seven days since Mary’s death. Three days since the funeral. Two days since the note. Sherlock wasn’t doing well. He was plagued by nightmares any time he fell asleep. He stopped eating almost completely. And he couldn’t stop thinking about John. He memorised the note John gave him. Memorised every swoop of John’s handwriting. Deduced exactly how hard he had been pressing down with the pen and what that meant. The note wasn’t John’s best handwriting, but it wasn’t rushed. He had taken his time, thought out what he wanted to say. Except for the sentence before ‘I’m sorry.’ That was rushed. He was pressing hard. Angry. None of this helped Sherlock feel any better.
“For Irene?” Sherlock’s arms tightened around John.
“Yes, it is.”
Lack of attraction does not mean that I can’t feel pleasure or even enjoy sex. It simply means I don’t feel attraction. Some people, asexual or otherwise, are sex repulsed. I am not one of those people.”
“Because you’re here. It’s not a danger night because you’re here,” Sherlock breathed. John’s stomach leapt, and he had to physically restrain himself from grinning. It was such a sweet confession, one so Sherlock-like but at the same time not. “John? Did I overstep?”
*****
Sherlock’s expression turned serious, thoughtful. “I think so. I didn’t care about her, not in that way. But she was interesting. Our conversations were interesting. I think-I could’ve started to care about her.”
“Park. Coming?”
John also loved the destination. They sat down on one of the benches overlooking the water. The Thai food smelled amazing. Sherlock started eating.
“I’m not dead.” John’s voice was soothing. “I’m right here.” He ran his thumb along Sherlock’s palms. “Do you have that nightmare often?”
“It’s fine, John. It was good, even.”
“You mean...what?”
“Dadadadada,” she responded happily.
“Of course,” Olivia said. “They said she probably just ran away.”
“So.” He cleared his throat.
“Me,” Sherlock said.
“A card arrived in the mail, a couple weeks later. It was generic, though, and meaningless. That day, though, my Dad didn’t even remember. I brought a girl home for dinner, and he asked why. When I told him it was my birthday, he said, “John, you’re too old for this. Nobody cares about your birthday. I certainly don’t. What does it matter, anyways? We’re all going to die in the end.” I think that was when I stopped making a fuss over it. It didn’t matter. We all will die. I don’t see the point.” John shook his head slightly. “So I was a bit surprised when you said you knew. I haven’t celebrated my birthday for years now, Sherlock.” His speech evidently finished, John folded his hands in front of him.
“Never mind that. There’s been a murder.”
Basically, Sherlock told John that he loved him, and then panicked and left. This is not good, because literally all they needed to do was to talk. John is fairly confused, and the reason why will become clear next chapter.
John smiled and kissed his head again, letting his lips linger there. They stayed like that, calm, content, until Sherlock finally stopped shaking. When he looked up again, his eyes were red, a tear slipping down his face. With the pad of his thumb, John brushed it away.
John jumped up, praying it was Sherlock. Excitement filled his chest and spread to the rest of his body. His hands shook as he picked up the phone. “Hello?”
“Stop-being-so-calm-” John snarled, punctuating each word with a kick to Sherlock’s stomach. He jerked around his foot, trying not to curl up and protect himself. His hands were bracing him up. Each blow hit his stomach, his ribs, his chest. He choked and coughed. Air was trapped on the way to his lungs. He didn’t think John would break his ribs, but he wasn’t certain. All he could feel was pain. His head was foggy, his breath coming in short gasps. Dimly, he heard Mrs. Hudson telling John that was enough, and then the blows stopped. Sherlock coughed. Something spattered the floor in front of him. He touched a finger to it, and it came away wet. Blood.
“Thank you.” John paused. “I really am sorry that I hit you.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock cracked an eye open. John raised his head up and propped his chin on his elbow to look at Sherlock. “Sleep well?” He asked, attempting to keep his voice steady.
“Sherlock.”
“Oh.” Sherlock’s body turned cold. He automatically shifted slightly away from John.
Sherlock closed his eyes, Wiggins’s footsteps echoing down the stairs. He slipped back into unconsciousness.
“Yeah, you’re right.”
The next time he shot up wasn’t nearly as pleasant. Not that the first few times had been pleasant, but the euphoric high only lasted for a few minutes before paranoia started to sink in. He couldn’t shake the feeling that what he was doing was wrong. John wouldn’t get out of his head, either. Thoughts of
*****
John didn’t know what to say. He wanted Sherlock to kiss him again. He couldn’t have Sherlock kiss him again. He gave an almost imperceptible nod. Sherlock leaned forward and softly brushed their lips together. As soon as Sherlock’s lips touched his own, he stopped. Pushed Sherlock back. He couldn’t do it. Sherlock’s face quickly displayed dismay, then anger, then sadness, before settling into an unreadable mask. John turned away from him and all but ran into the bathroom, shutting the door behind him. He leaned over the toilet and vomited.
“And so am I.”
“Yes, the music is set up,” John said, trying and failing to hide a smile. Sherlock found that he didn’t much want to figure out why. John was up to something, and Sherlock was content to let him have his surprise, much to his alarm. He put it down to sentiment, because it would most likely make John happy.
“Don’t go,” Sherlock whispered against his lips. “Please. Stay. Move back in.”
“What are you doing here?” He hated the way his voice sounded, off somehow, unsure.
“Yes. Right.” Sherlock’s skin crawled uncomfortably. Being alone with John was strange. It was once something Sherlock craved, but now he just wanted to be alone.
After takeaway, John sat with Rosie in his chair. Sherlock was across from them, idly reorganising the room of his mind palace dedicated to different kinds of cigarette tar. Coincidentally, it was adjacent to the room with the analysis of tobacco ash.
“I solved it. Mostly.”
The syringe was prepared. Everything was prepared. Sherlock rolled up his sleeve. He wasn’t entirely certain where Wiggins had gone. No matter, he was irrelevant. He could feel his heart racing, anticipating the feeling. It had been a while since he had last been high. He picked up the syringe slowly, cautiously, making sure not to spill any. He poised the needle above his forearm, then lowered it slowly. The initial prick hurt a little, but he was used to it. He pushed down the plunger, slowly. No going back now.
“Please sit.”
Sherlock and John eyed each other. Rosie was in John’s arms, her wide blue eyes blinking at Sherlock. “Hello, Rosie,” he said, his voice unsteady. Rosie babbled back at him. A ghost of a smile flitted across John’s face, but Sherlock was certain it was about Rosie and not him. John wouldn’t even meet his eyes, staring at the floor. “I cleaned up a bit,” Sherlock said. “For Rosie.”
“Back already?” Mrs. Hudson inquired when they got back. “You’re usually a lot later than this.”
“Just tell me.”
Sherlock opened the file of the first murder.
That party. Yes. The one where John stayed with him over his girlfriend, before the fall, before Mary. Nostalgia threatened to overwhelm him, so Sherlock turned to John and said, “Yes. That party. Do we need ornaments for the tree?”
“No, it’s not.” Another tear.
I'm...sorry. This chapter was incredibly difficult to write and the next one will be as well. I'm going to try to have it done in a week, but based on how this one went it might be a bit later. I'm not one hundred percent happy with this chapter but I don't think I can make it any better and I don't want to ruin it so here it is. I've been stressed and really busy, not to mention I've felt a bit sick, so it's been hard for me to sit down and write. Particularly something that's emotionally taxing like this. And since the next chapters are even harder to write emotionally...yeah. It's likely that the next update will be later than I'd like.
If You Leave by Orchestral Manoeuvres in the Dark: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EPmTGFg06zA
the narrator was saying.
“I’m afraid I can’t talk about my former patients, due to confidentiality. I can, however, give you advice based on what you have told me. I can’t base my rationale on what I know about him. And I most certainly can help you manage your own feelings. Going through the death of a loved one is difficult, and-”
“Of course.”
“Yes,” Sherlock said. “I need you.” He thought perhaps that was the most honest he had been in weeks. It was the first time he had admitted to himself how lost he was without John. The first time he allowed himself to grieve over the loss of his best friend without feeling overwhelming guilt. He would not cry. He wouldn’t. He was stronger than that. He stood up and faced John.
“Sherlock, I can’t change that. I hate that I did it. I don’t know what to do to move forward.”
“I don’t care, I’m not going.” He turned back to the window. She crossed the room and set the cup down next to him. He curled his fingers around it. The ice was cool and soothing in his palm. She spun his chair around so he was facing her, and gripped his chin to make eye contact. He flinched. His jaw hurt slightly. She released her grip, but put a hand on his shoulder.
“Thank you.” Sherlock stood up abruptly, making his way to the open casket. The line was small, and so he stood behind it. Olivia was near the front, clutching the wood. He waited patiently, thinking about evidence. He could solve this murder. He knew he could.
Sherlock was okay.
“Sherlock!”
“No,” Mycroft said. “We were informed you were back on drugs. And assaulted an officer.”
Sherlock recognised that John wanted a moment with his daughter, probably to think about Mary. He went upstairs. John’s bedroom was clean. His suitcase was sitting in the corner. He hadn’t bothered to unpack, then. Sherlock tamped down his emotions when he saw that. Rosie’s cot was standing against the far wall, just underneath the window. John’s bed was made neatly, the edges tucked in. Sherlock spotted the present on the bed and picked it up. It was actually wrapped, red and green checkered paper. There was a silver bow stuck to the corner of it. Sherlock hesitated, stuck in the fragile balance between wanting to give John some privacy but not wanting John to think that he was snooping. Maybe he had snooped in the past, but he wouldn’t do that now. He didn’t want to risk the frailty of their relationship.
Sherlock opened his mouth. “John, I-” he swallowed, suddenly a bit nervous himself. “I can’t promise that there won’t be another attempted murder. I will solve it though, if there is. I promise that.”
“Maybe she needs a bath. Besides, John, you can hear everything I do.”
“Yes,” Lestrade said. “How did you know?”
“No. But I am your brother. And as such, I will have you transferred tomorrow. I sense your injuries are healing nicely?” Sherlock remained silent. His injuries were, in fact, healing quite well. His ribs had re-broken after the fight with Smith, and the stitches above his eyebrow popped, but they were beginning to feel better. His bruises had mostly healed. “Sherlock.” Mycroft sighed. “I am only doing this because I care about you.”
“But I’m hungry,” Sherlock complained. He absentmindedly traced his fingers up and down John’s side.
John smiled. “Well. I’m glad you like it.”
When he got back to the flat, he made the decision to remove John’s chair. He picked it up and dragged it up the stairs, setting it just outside of John’s bedroom. He couldn’t bring himself to go into John’s bedroom. Not yet. It was too
Sherlock stooped down to her level and narrowed his eyes. “Fine.”
*****
His stomach hardened even more.
The bullet wound had been neat, carefully placed at his left temple. A cry sounded in the small bedroom, and Sherlock jumped before realising it was him. He rubbed his hands over his face.
“John Watson,” Sherlock said, smiling brightly. “For my second gift to you, I give you the honour of being my boyfriend.” John couldn’t believe what he was hearing. Boyfriend? “If you want, of course,” Sherlock added, mistaking his silence for uncertainty. John lunged out of the bed and tackled him, nearly knocking both of them to the floor. He brushed Sherlock’s sleep-mussed curls out of his eyes.
John was leaning against the wall and panting heavily. One of his hands was up by his face, the other was clenched by his side. His back rose and fell with each breath. Sherlock stared at him. Then he saw it: a dent in the wall, about chest height. Fresh. Just made.
“No need to explain. I understand.” He smiled halfheartedly at John.
“I know,” he whispered.
“Of course.”
She exhaled. “Yeah, well, you know how it is. Watsons. Always irresistible.”
Sherlock lunged forward and pulled John up into a bone-crushing hug. He was trembling, pressing his face into John’s shoulder. John hugged him back immediately. “Yes,” he whispered. “Yes, I’ll marry you.”
He was crying so hard he couldn’t breathe.
“What do you need advice for? It seems like you’re handling this just fine. Besides, not only is it obvious that he’s in love with you, it’s pretty damn obvious that you feel the same way.” She winked.
Mycroft took a pack of cigarettes out of his pocket and held them up. “I’d offer you some, but it would be best not to tempt you.” Sherlock scowled. Mycroft flicked open a lighter and lit a cigarette. Sherlock’s fingers twitched and he wanted to take it, but his head still spun and ached. Mycroft inhaled deeply and then sent smoke billowing into the room. Sherlock imagined he could smell it. “Now. How can I get you to stop?”
Sherlock scowled at him. “Stop it.”
“Yes.” Sherlock saw no point in lying.
Thank you for reading and to everyone who's commented so far. :)
I don’t care how nontoxic you think it is.”
He knew that he didn’t want Sherlock to be hurt. He feared that he had already hurt Sherlock, enough to the point where Sherlock might leave or turn back to drugs. Sherlock was the most important person in his life, tied only with Rosie. He was fairly certain that he loved Sherlock. Certain, actually. He just wasn’t sure if this love was platonic or romantic.
It turned out better than he’d expected. Now for the label. He rummaged around in one of his drawers for a marker. Finding one, he wrote
“No.” Sherlock’s eyes widened. “She did?”
“I can’t believe you did this to me. Not only once, but twice. Twice you stole someone I loved, made me watch them fucking die.”
“I couldn’t bear to live without you, though. After your wedding I waited and I waited for you to call. I thought, maybe John is busy. Maybe after his Sex Holiday he’ll finally call me. Maybe we’ll be able to go on cases. But no. I waited and you never showed up. Maybe that was selfish of me, but I didn’t expect my own best friend to just drop me. The only thing that helped was the drugs. Do you know what I hallucinated, John? I hallucinated you. It was the only time I could see you. They weren’t even good hallucinations. You accused me. We didn’t solve a case. We failed. But you were there, and an angry John is better than no John at all. You can’t possibly know what that is like. I never have felt this way. I don’t
“Thank you. But it’s not okay. It’ll never be okay.”
“Share my room. Rosie can have the upstairs bedroom.”
He swallowed again. “Dad caught me once.”
“I meant with the gay thing.”
“Coming?” He called to Sherlock. Sherlock was sitting in his bathrobe in his chair. He hadn’t moved.
His heart clenched as he stepped inside and gave the driver his address. He almost turned to the side, to say something to John, and his stomach twisted unpleasantly. The cab smelled faintly of takeaway, though not any of his usual takeaway restaurants. He watched various people out the window and tried to deduce who they were and what they were doing. His brain moved at a slower pace than usual.
Sherlock nodded. “I didn’t know what to do.”
“Look, I’m sorry about last night-”
“Lights, ornaments…” John continued talking as if Sherlock hadn’t said anything. “Food?”
Sherlock shook his head to clear the thoughts, hating how Christmas made him astonishingly sentimental. Or perhaps that was just John’s daughter. Or both. Sherlock didn’t think he owned any wrapping paper, and if he did, he had no idea where it was. He settled for pulling old newspapers from a pile in his room. He carefully folded the blanket into a perfect rectangle before setting it on his bed. None of the newspapers were big enough to cover it completely, so he’d have to get creative. He placed four of them on the bed, making a square. He set the blanket in the middle of them. Perfect. If he was careful, he could tape it all up. Sherlock folded each corner in, taping them to the others as he did so. When he was certain that side was secure, he flipped it over and taped the other side.
Back at Baker Street, Sherlock collapsed on the couch feeling worse than before. He scribbled down a measurement and then injected again. Now was not the time to be sober.
“Who?”
John sighed again. “She broke up with me.” Sherlock looked puzzled. “She was pretty pissed off that I had to cancel our plans tonight.”
“John, I have told you that I am sorry, and I know you don’t believe it but I am, I really am-”
“No.” Sherlock sat upright. “I can’t, sorry.” He struggled to sit up, but the nurse held him down by the shoulder. Sherlock pressed his palm against his head.
With every passing second, the horrid feeling in his chest and stomach unravelled slightly. It was growing lighter and lighter. John’s words echoed in his mind.
“I thought-I thought you were John.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Because I heard elsewise.”
“I can’t-I mean, Sherlock, I’m sorry, I just-can’t.” John ran a hand through his hair, frustrated.
“You really don’t mind?”
“No buts.” John shook his head. “I swear to God, Sherlock. I’m furious at you.”
“You aren’t making any sense.”
Sherlock managed to wait a day before using again. Wiggins had prepared him a syringe, much like last time, but now he had disappeared into Sherlock’s bedroom instead of leaving the flat completely. He collapsed onto the couch as he eagerly waited. He had no plans to leave the flat. Instead he would take this time to reorganise the flat and remove anything of John’s.
“Like what?” He hated how his voice shook. Hated it. He was showing emotion, and emotion was weakness.
Thank you to everyone who's read and commented so far, it makes my day. :)
He pressed his lips together. They quirked upwards, once, briefly, his expression flickering. “It’s all right.” He closed his eyes, kept them closed for as long as he dared. Opened them to see Mary looking worse by the second.
The takeaway was even better than Sherlock had remembered. He told John (who was using Sherlock’s card) to tip them extra, a lot extra, for working during a holiday. John looked amazed at that, until Sherlock reminded him that he wasn’t a complete arsehole all the time. Then he just looked chastised.
He knew that voice. Mrs. Hudson. Mycroft he didn’t care about, but he didn’t want to disappoint Mrs. Hudson, so he opened his eyes again. Everything was very bright, even though a glance out the window showed it was dark. He squinted. Behind Mycroft and Mrs. Hudson were Lestrade and Molly.
John went through everything that had happened between them, and how he had felt with it. He had the slight suspicion that it wouldn’t be so bloody difficult if Sherlock hadn’t lied to him about his death. A small voice in the back of his head pointed out that Sherlock had only been doing it to protect him. John didn’t really care what Sherlock’s reasoning was. It had been the most painful experience of his life, even more painful than the time that he had gotten shot.
“Evidently,” Lestrade replied dryly.
“Sherlock. Love. You’re staring. What is it?”
Sherlock resumed pacing, mind racing. What if it went wrong? What if he said the wrong thing? What if, afterwards, John hated him? Logically, he knew that wouldn’t happen. He planned it to be certain John would like it. Takeaway from a Thai restaurant John loved, then a walk along the Thames, making sure to steer clear of the aquarium. Mrs. Hudson promised to watch Rosie, so that was all taken care of.
Sherlock laid very still as John’s breath slowed and evened out, as he dropped into sleep. It was perfect. Everything was perfect. He kept repeating that to himself, still in shock. The Sherlock Holmes who had stood in the lab and watched an army doctor with a psychosomatic limp never could have deduced that this would happen. He had never expected to be anybody’s best friend, much less anybody’s husband. John’s weight against him was warm, soothing.
Once he had finally exhausted himself from crying, he propped his head up to watch John sleep. That also probably wasn’t good, but he had to. He took in every inch of John. He memorised the way the creases in his face smoothed out when he was sleeping. He memorised the way he sometimes made little snuffling noises in his sleep. He memorised his warm weight against Sherlock. He memorised all of it. His eyes itched from lack of sleep, but still he watched, not wanting to miss a single moment with John.
“You know,” John said. His mind was screaming at him to stop talking, just stop talking, but he couldn’t. “You-her-“ he waved vaguely.
“Can’t we just….meet up?” John awkwardly avoided her gaze.The waiter brought him some tea and he thanked him.
Sherlock tried to convey this all to John, but John’s anger struck suddenly and quickly.
“It wasn’t necessarily the card that bothered me. Harry didn’t call or check up on me after I left. I know why. She didn’t want to risk Dad’s wrath. After she left, Dad turned his anger on me. I started staying out late too, doing anything else to avoid going home. He got physical. Not much, but a couple times.” Sherlock slid his hand across the table in the pretense of getting his water. John’s fingers twitched again. Sherlock briefly wondered if he should take John’s hand and intertwine their fingers, but immediately dismissed the idea. Whatever John was going through, he didn’t want to make it worse. “That day-my birthday-Harry didn’t call. She didn’t do anything. I thought I’d lost her, which was my fault. I didn’t save her. I didn’t stand up for her. We’re doing better now. It turns out she didn’t blame me, she just didn’t want to be reminded of Dad. I guess I was that reminder.
“I thought you said that you needed to sleep?” Sherlock’s eyebrows creased in confusion.
I don't think there are any warnings for this chapter except one incredibly brief mention of suicide. This is, for the most part, fluff. Apologies for any spelling/grammar errors!
*****
John was late.
“Yes, Mr. Holmes?” The patchy voice came through on the other end of the phone.
“It’s all true.”
January passed by quickly. Sherlock wasn’t quite allowed to be alone, but sometimes Mrs. Hudson would go down to 221A while Sherlock sat upstairs.
“I didn’t,” Sherlock begged. “Please. You must believe me.” The nurse shrugged and pulled the blankets up over Sherlock’s knees.
He pushed away everything he was concerned about, all the hurt and pain he felt about the morgue, and just held him.
The figure chuckled. “So we meet again, Mr. Holmes.” Icy fear ran through Sherlock’s veins. He subconsciously brought his hands to his neck. “Is it a comfortable bed? I tried to get the best for my patients.”
He laid awake in bed some time later, the flat seeming quiet without Sherlock’s usual antics. Whether it was the violin, or muttering to himself, or running around generally making a mess, John was used to falling asleep to a little bit of noise. Or a lot of noise. But now, all was quiet. John didn’t like it.
Some time later, John suggested that they stop. Sherlock acquiesced, and they found a bench to sit on.
Wiggins walked out of Sherlock’s bedroom a few minutes later, still high. “Yes?”
Sherlock continued walking, avoiding curious gazes from the few people he saw. He was none of their business.
“Fine. John it is, then.”
John looked radiant, the sun illuminating his gold-grey hair. Harry had her arm tucked around his, but Sherlock paid her no heed because
John took a deep breath, then exhaled slowly. “I don’t know how I feel.”
Word count: 6,732
“Oh, Sherlock.” The look she gave him was pure pity. Normally, he hated pity. This time though, he didn’t feel any of the usual anger. Just blank nothing.
He stumbled out of his room an hour or so later, wiping sleep from his eyes. Lestrade was sitting on the couch, scrolling through his phone. Sherlock took a seat next to him without saying a word.
“I’ve never done this before,” Sherlock said. “I must admit, I don’t know how it works.”
Lestrade exited the flat, dropping a hand on Sherlock’s shoulder as he did so. “I’m sorry,” he muttered. “It’s for your own good.” Sherlock didn’t respond to him, but did soften his glare. He understood why Lestrade did that, he really did. Sherlock wasn’t okay. He hadn’t been okay. Lestrade was just worried about him. Sherlock wished he wasn’t. It was infuriating. Involving Mycroft was annoying and completely unnecessary, but he found himself too distracted to be fully angry at Lestrade.
Sherlock attempted a smile, though he was almost crying himself. He gently placed his hand on the small of John’s back, and when John didn’t pull away, Sherlock drew him closer. John pressed his face into Sherlock’s shoulder. He was shaking with silent sobs. Sherlock put his other hand on the back of John’s head and rested his head on John’s. He breathed in deeply, running his hand up and down John’s back. It was as intimate as it had been the first time Sherlock held him, after John’s confession. “Shhh. Breathe,” Sherlock whispered. He felt John attempting to breathe deeply, his body shuddering. John curled his fingers into Sherlock’s shirt.
“No.”
I hope you enjoyed this.
“I faked my own death.”
*****
*****
“Play the violin.”
“I just wanted to say it was okay. It is okay.”
“Sorry, you’re going to have to give me a little more to work with.”
Sherlock sat on his bed, his laptop balanced carefully on his knees. He scrolled through John’s blog, trying to find proof that John really did feel the same way. There didn’t seem to be much in the way of it, until he made his way back to one of the earliest of John’s posts. There were awkward comments at the bottom of the page. People were questioning John and-oh. There it was. The customary
“You know perfectly well what,” Sherlock said, his body buzzing in anger.
“It was at the time.”
He shook his head once, briefly, trying to shake the feeling that John would be able to instruct him on proper funeral etiquette.
daughter. Sherlock gave no indication that he had heard John’s possessive pronoun, but he was Sherlock bloody Holmes, for gods’ sake. Of course he had heard it.
“Sherlock. No. Listen to me. I talked to Mycroft and Greg about what happened. They told me everything. You stood there and let her kill you. For Mary. Mary jumped in front of the bullet for you. Okay? You would have prevented it if she hadn’t done that. It’s not your fault.” John finished this small speech breathing heavily. Anguish was visible on every aspect of his face. His brow was pinched tightly. His fingers were white, splayed across his knee.
“I know.” Her gaze was thunderous. “You’re being disrespectful. Please leave the funeral. I don’t want it marred by you.”
“I thought it was traditional to propose with a ring.”
“No, you’re not. Let me see those.” John took the files from him and he frowned. John’s face fell as he read them. “It’s what you were telling me before. Why they were murdered.”
“Just friend?” John asked. Sherlock’s stomach twisted.
“That’s not why you’re here?” Sherlock’s voice had lost all of it’s usual bite. He sounded utterly exhausted.
“John, I think this is it.” Mary sounded so certain, so sure that this was the end. She was right, Sherlock knew. This was the end. John protested. “You made me so happy,” Mary said, interrupting him, her voice cracking. “You gave me everything I had ever, ever wanted.”
“Thank you,” Sherlock replied stiffly. “I’m sure I’ll be needing it later.”
“I don’t feel sexual attraction, and I very rarely feel romantic attraction. When I do, it is to men only.”
Rosie woke up in time for her to eat. John joined Sherlock at their table. Throughout the meal, they’d make eye contact and then one of them would look away-usually John-and Sherlock would blush. These were all signs of flirting and possible reciprocation of feelings. If this was a case, Sherlock would be a hundred percent certain of that. But this wasn’t a case. He was worried that he was only seeing what he wanted to see, and not what was really there.
Sherlock took a deep breath to steady himself. “John? Not really in the picture anymore.” John would never be in the picture anymore. Not after this.
A small smile crossed Sherlock’s face. “Oh,” he breathed. “Yes, I think that would be acceptable.”
“Sherlock?”
Sherlock made his way back down the stairs, holding the gift. John’s eyes were red when he came down, but Sherlock didn’t mention it. John smiled gratefully at him. Sherlock got his present from under the tree and then handed both to John. Just as he was settling in and John was giving Rosie her gifts, his phone buzzed from its spot on the table.
Sherlock cleared his throat. “I am.” He set the kettle on to boil and pulled out the tea from the cupboard. John felt crowded against him in the small kitchen. Sherlock’s heart beat too fast at the proximity. Sherlock finished making his tea and went back into the sitting room. If John didn’t want to be with him, fine. It was his flat and he was perfectly within reason to sit in it.
Sherlock fidgeted with his napkin, folding and unfolding it. John seemed unable to meet his eyes, the awkwardness of the flirting catching up to both of them. If it really was flirting. Sherlock didn’t know. He didn’t allow himself to know, because what if John was just being nice? John was usually a very nice person-usually-but would that extend to compliments? Sherlock didn’t want to think about it.
*****
“Why?”
John awkwardly stepped in, his hands in his pockets. “Sorry I’m late,” he said. “I had to leave Rosie with a sitter, and Rosie cried and screamed for twenty minutes.” Sherlock’s stomach lurched. Rosie. John used to bring her around. Used to.
He debated putting his coat on. Coats weren’t meant to be worn during a nice dinner, but Angelo could probably take it from him. A glance out the window showed it to be drizzling slightly. That cemented his decision and he grabbed it before he left.
Word count: 5,014
“Yes,” Sherlock said. “It’s old. No need to keep it around.” He faced the mantle before John could see the tears in his eyes. He pulled everything off at random. Various envelopes, the skull. A slide for his microscope. Most of it ended up in the trash.
“Not enough,” John said, breathing heavily. “So, yes. You’ve got your chances. You had your chance at redemption. You’ve failed, Sherlock. You can’t possibly understand why I’m doing this. You’re shit at emotions. I never want to see you again, so please leave my wife’s grave.” Sherlock opened his mouth to speak but no words came out. “You fucking machine. I hate you.”
“His dealer,” Molly said angrily. “I’ve met him before.” Sherlock didn’t defend himself. He didn’t even bother to lie about being back on the drugs.
John handed Sherlock the food as soon as they stepped in the entryway, blowing on his hands and rubbing them together. He exhaled sharply. “Can you take that up to the flat? I want to check in with Mrs. Hudson.”
John’s face closed off. He walled himself off, protected himself from Sherlock. His jaw twitched. “Fine,” he said flatly. “That’s fine.”
“I’m not addicted.” He panted heavily. “I’m not. Controlled usage is not usually fatal, and abstinence is not immortality.”
The kiss was short, and when John pulled away he was a bit out of breath. The streetlamp shone on Sherlock’s face. His lips were slightly plump, his breath coming faster. He smiled. A real smile. Beautiful.
“You don’t need to read it now.”
“I wish you hadn’t, but you had a child, John. You couldn’t abandon her.”
“That’s enough, dear,” Mrs. Hudson said, and John fell silent.
Sherlock was stirred awake by a firm hand on his shoulder. His stomach clenched before he realized what was happening, and he rolled over and vomited. Only he hadn’t eaten anything in awhile, and nothing came out.
Sherlock realized he was in love with John at the wedding. Greg had come up to him after his speech, and told him it was a great speech but made it incredibly obvious. Confused, he had asked what was obvious. Greg told him it was obvious how he really felt about John. That he was in love with John. Sherlock denied it adamantly, but realized that Greg was right mere minutes afterwards. Greg was bloody right, but there were more pressing things to worry about.
Finally, his breaths evened out and Sherlock allowed himself to finally let his emotions get the better of him. “I don’t want you to leave,” he whispered. He manoeuvred himself so that his face was pressed into John’s chest. Then he let the tears fall. They dampened John’s shirt (not good, not good, what if he wakes up) but he couldn’t stop. That hurt. A lot more than he wanted to admit. He hoped, previously, that John would simply move in without a lot of discussion about it.
“That’s not the point, Sherlock! I thought you had, and that’s bad enough, okay? Do you even know what that’s like? Watching someone you love die? And don’t say you loved Mary because you didn’t.”
Straight between the eyes.
“Can’t what?” Sherlock’s eyes widened and his heart beat a little faster. Typical symptoms of anxiety. His palms started to sweat. Fear, nervousness, or perhaps withdrawal.
After a moment, John looked up. Sherlock was finally able to move. He reached out a hand towards John. John’s face was a mixture of pain and agony. Sherlock had never seen this expression on him. His face was red. Sherlock removed his hand immediately. John inhaled deeply. Hatred was etched in every feature of his face. “Don’t you dare,” he growled. Sherlock didn’t do anything. “You made a vow.” He panted, heavily. “You swore it.”
No, no he should not go to bed. They should sit up and discuss this. Sherlock began to panic, pushing himself off the wall and taking John’s hands. He wanted to tell him not to go to bed, don’t go, don’t leave me, but all he said was, “you kissed me.”
The ride back to Baker Street was silent. Sherlock was nearly out of it as Lestrade practically carried him up the stairs and dumped him unceremoniously onto the couch. The last thing he heard was Lestrade saying, “I have to tell Mycroft. I’m sorry.” Sherlock tried to protest, but his vision darkened and he blacked out before he could respond.
Her eyes widened and she opened her mouth. “Oh my god. You did, didn’t you? You slept with him?”
“John. Please.”
That was news. Sherlock’s heart stopped. Figuratively, of course. Hearts didn’t actually stop unless one was dying. Or dead. Like Mary. He shook his head to clear away that line of thought. “The funeral?”
Mycroft raised his eyebrow again. “I am your brother.”
There was a pause. “She was lovely.”
“Looks good,” Sherlock said. “The table’s sterile, so are the plates and silverware. I did it before you came. Mrs. Hudson insisted on double-checking too, in case you were worried.”
“I can’t believe you’d do that to me. I thought we were friends, but I guess I’m just a-a sex toy to you or something?”
Sherlock tightened his grip on John’s hand, warm against his chest. “I am not, John. I turned to drugs because I couldn’t cope with my feelings.”
The hours drew out. It got later and later. At one point, John made a fire. At another point, he made them some tea. Sherlock still thought. He thought about everything John told him. He thought about his past, and about how all (well, most) of his actions were understandable. He was still angry at John. He suspected that until they truly talked about it, he would stay angry. And hurt. But he had clarity now, and that was helpful.
A few weeks later, John arrived almost two hours late to his shift. Mrs. Hudson grew increasingly more worried, Sherlock increasingly more impatient. There was only so much time he could spend listening to Mrs. Hudson gossip about Mrs. Turner and her tenants. Especially when she’d compare them to him and John.
Please read with caution, and, as always, apologies for any grammar or spelling errors.
This was how he was going to die. In an aquarium, of all places. Defending his best friend’s wife. Who was an assassin. Who shot him. He could have laughed at the absurdity of it.
“When was it for you? When did you know...that, er, that you liked me?”
Sherlock opened his eyes and unclasped his hands. He couldn’t go into that room, not now. Not tonight. He pulled himself out of the chair and into his room. He fell on his bed, but he didn’t sleep. He stared at the periodic table on his wall for hours, tracing John’s name on his blankets. His eyes started to burn but he didn’t sleep. He wouldn’t sleep. He couldn’t stand the thought of more nightmares.
“I know-Sherlock, I know-” she seemed to be unable to get the words out. “It must be so difficult.”
The next few shifts were okay. Sherlock and John talked a little more each time. Sometimes John would ask him about cases. Sometimes Sherlock would play violin for him. Rosie never came with John.
“Unless...you don’t want...this,” he said hesitantly.
Sherlock quirked his lip. He decided he liked Clara. “Indeed.”
John raised his eyebrows. “I can call
“Really?”
“Yes?”
“Nothing,” Sherlock said.
“Well, that was obvious.” Rosie made a noise as if she agreed with Harry. She seemed to be wondering how he could be so ignorant. He wondered that himself quite a lot.
*****
They sat down at the table to eat. Sherlock scooped a helping of eggs onto his plate. His slice of crumb cake was larger than John’s, but John had more eggs. Sherlock ate his eggs first, saving the cake for last. It was delicious. “Where’d you get this?”
“Sorry,” John said, though he didn’t sound too apologetic. Sherlock leaned his head against John’s shoulder, allowing John to run his fingers through Sherlock’s hair.
“Mom, I-why are you here?”
Sherlock shrugged. “Mary’s dead.” His voice sounded strange, even to his own ears. He wasn’t sure of the status of his face, but he assumed that it didn’t look great. At those words, the hollowness spread throughout his entire body and his legs gave way. He stumbled, falling against the doorframe. Mrs. Hudson gaped at him, reaching an arm out. He waved her away, managing to get to the railing at the foot of the stairs without falling over.
“All right,” Sherlock said slowly. He stood up and walked behind his chair, getting the violin case and putting it on the table. He unclasped it. The violin was familiar in his hands. He ran his fingers once over the bow and then tuned it, carefully testing the pitch of each string. “Anything in particular you’d like to hear?”
In Sherlock’s messy handwriting, it read
She groaned, putting her head down on the table. “You’re such an idiot. It’s a wonder he even likes you.” She peered up at him through her hair. Rosie reached a hand out over the table and Harry high-fived her. Rosie giggled.
Perhaps the nightmare had just shaken him. Perhaps he was scared of telling John that he loved him - he did close up after that - but they had said that before, at John’s wedding. He didn’t see why this time would be different.
“Again, I thought you knew. Back to the surprise. Is it more samples of ash? Because I know you said you’d read my analysis and you figured out that I hadn’t had a chance to study all two-hundred and forty-three samples. Maybe you thought that I would like more samples, and you would be right, I would. So if that is what it is, you can just-”
Rosie nuzzled her face into Sherlock’s shoulder and squirmed. He held her just a little tighter and began pacing around the flat. He figured he was utterly useless when it came to children. He didn’t remember much of his own childhood and he didn’t have a sibling nor a younger relative to take care of. Luckily, Rosie seemed content to sit in his arms while he paced.
Sherlock was in the process of cleaning the flat. Lestrade was watching amusedly as Sherlock muttered to himself and threw things. His lab equipment was shoved unceremoniously under his bed. His papers piled in neat stacks in drawers and cupboards. He even polished his skull.
Sherlock was going to die.
“Okay, Sherlock,” she said softly. She stood up and placed a hand on his shoulder. “I’m just trying to help.”
“Well, yeah.”
but Mycroft had stopped by and brought the takeaway. Antagonising him provided just the right amount of distraction.
Back in his room, Sherlock sat down at the small desk. His bandages were replaced. Someone, somehow, had managed to procure new ones for him. A piece of paper and a crayon had been placed on the desk. He stared at them for a while, trying to erase the cravings. It wasn’t working. He needed cocaine, needed it like he needed to breathe. It was all he could do to stare at the paper and not
“No,” Greg said, sounding confused. “Last time I saw him was yesterday. With you.”
“Harry.”
“That would be lovely,” she said, sitting next to him and squeezing his wrist.
He thought maybe he could have been in love with Sherlock before that, but his death forced him to forget all about that. And then came Mary, whom he really did love. Until she shot Sherlock. It had been difficult for him to forgive her, to essentially pick her over Sherlock. But he did. Because he and Sherlock were just friends, and Mary was his wife. Then, of course, there was the issue of Sherlock leaving his wedding. He couldn’t blame him honestly. He imagined how painful it must have been, and all he wanted to do was to hold him tight and promise never to hurt him like that again.
“I took precautions,” Sherlock said weakly.
“What are you doing?”
“You can, and you will.” She turned the gun towards him. “Out to my car.” He reluctantly followed her to her car. It was a red Aston Martin.
“He does,” Sherlock said, shaking his head. “You weren’t there. You didn’t see the way he looked at me.”
Morning came, light burning into his eyes as he blinked himself awake. His head felt stuffed of sawdust. He took a shaky breath. His breathing wasn’t fully back to normal, but he was recovering. It was probably best not to go chasing criminals around London, but in his state of mind, he wanted nothing more.
“Are you okay?”
John made his way over to the stand. Sherlock had left the music there. His violin was in its case in the corner. The only thing on the music stand was a closed envelope. John reached for it. He opened it. Inside were several sheets of music. He took them out and looked at the top one. It had a note on it. He squinted to read it.
“Is there anything I can do?” Her voice cracked. She was trying to be strong for him, but if he didn’t leave now they would both start crying on the stairs and that would be completely unacceptable.
He awoke much later to bright sunlight. He blinked, once. It was midmorning, judging by the position and intensity of the sun. He groaned as he rolled over. Something soft was in his arms. His room didn’t smell like his room at all. It smelled like John. He briefly wondered if John was in his bed with him before remembering that he was in John’s room upstairs. The sheets smelled comforting, and the jumper fit perfectly against his chest.
“It’s time for group.”
“What does it matter? The second I’m left alone, I’ll end up
“To know if you’re okay.” Sherlock laughed. John went to slip his phone back into his pocket but saw the time and stopped. “Christ, Sherlock, it’s past midnight!”
It’s better for everyone this way. No one will miss you.” His voice had a slight lilt to it. Sherlock hated his voice. Hated his words.
“I miss you.”
Not important.
“Right,” John said. “Coming?”
“Are you high?” The words fell out of his mouth before he could stop them, and he winced. It was probably insensitive to ask. John hoped that he wasn’t.
“We can go shopping tomorrow,” Sherlock said. “And begin to move your things back here.”
Warning: mentions of parental abuse and alcoholism. None of this is happening present-day, but there is still trauma from it.
“Okay,” Sherlock whispered, and the first tear fell.
“Can you what? Kiss me?”
His bedroom was dismal. The small twin-sized bed jutted out from the wall. A desk was placed underneath a window. The only view was of a small alley and the building across. He was up several stories, at least five, and jumping from the window would actually kill him. He sat down on the bed. It was firm and uncomfortable, vastly different from his own back at Baker Street. He scowled at the floor and tried not to think of his mind and body begging him for relief. He wasn’t allowed to close his door.
“I don’t want to die,” Sherlock choked out. “I don’t want to die.” It was a lie. He wanted to die. He wanted to let go. He didn’t want to be around this man, not ever. He didn’t want to hear about all the pain Smith had inflicted, didn’t want to think about all the lives he’d taken. He didn’t want to think about John, how John would not hesitate to kill Smith.
Molly blinked away a tear and reached into her pocket. She pulled out a folded piece of paper. “It’s, uh, it’s from John.” She handed it to him. He took it and glanced down. Interesting. Not what he had been expecting, not at all. He supposed it was a positive sign. Or a very negative one.
“Don’t ever forget that.”
New tags added. Should have the next chapter up in a week I think, maybe sooner, maybe a little later. We'll see.
“You can’t expect me to go cold turkey,” Sherlock protested feebly.
The air thickened after he said that, letting Sherlock process everything.
Olivia complied. “Please leave. I don’t want to find the murderers. I didn’t invite you hear to investigate a murder.”
“You already are.”
“What do these murders have in common?”
“Fine, John.”
“Oh, no, no,” Smith said, smiling widely. “Not yet.” He sat down on the edge of Sherlock’s bed, and it dipped under his weight. Sherlock clenched his fists into the sheets, grimacing at the sudden movement. “You see, I can’t have you knowing my secret.”
Mycroft. He sighed and stood up, walking away down the hall as he answered. “What do you want?”
If You Leave: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EPmTGFg06zA
I have a few fics planned out for the future, but they're mostly one-shots. Not all in the Sherlock fandom, either, which I'm looking forward to.
He was taken to doctor after doctor. They poked, prodded, examined him. He did not talk to them.
The elevator stopped and Sherlock was rolled into another hallway lined with closed doors. Sherlock’s brain slowed. He was supposed to be doing something. He was supposed to tell someone, something, it was important. Maybe tell John? Yes, John could save him. He tried to call for John.
John leaned against the railing and looked at him. He didn’t look high. He also very much didn’t look at John, instead keeping his eyes fixed on the river. “Where have you been?”
“Rehabilitation, dear brother.” Mycroft stood up and smiled, but there was no warmth to his smile. It wasn’t an empty threat. Sherlock knew that. “I will have the Detective Inspector and Mrs. Hudson keep an eye on you. If you use, I will know.” He straightened his tie and turned to the door. “Afternoon.”
“Of course I want this. Of course I do.”
Sorry. But not really :)
Mrs. Hudson’s shift was better than Molly’s and Lestrade’s, but he hated her pitying gaze as he was hunched over the toilet vomiting for what felt like the millionth time. He was shaky and sweaty. His hands gripped the rim of the toilet seat. His hair fell in his eyes. John would be coming soon. He’d be punctual, Sherlock knew, because he always was. When they were living together, John was always rushing Sherlock off to places so they wouldn’t be late. Sherlock would complain, but now he’d rush. Now he’d stop complaining, if it meant he’d see John. Or. See John in a
A while later, when Rosie had grown tired of this and was playing with Sherlock’s skull, John pulled him aside. “You need to remove the mold.” Sherlock opened his mouth to protest. “I love you, you idiot, but
I’m supposed to meet the murderer at night.”
John entered the bedroom wearing his pyjamas. “What are you looking at?”
“Fantastic,” John said. “Come on. Let’s go. I’ve been waiting for ages.”
he had said. And of course, there was the almost death. He would be lying if he said that didn’t bother him. He had been certain he would die, and those brief minutes when he didn’t believe John would come were awful. He rocked back and forth and wished for the moment to end. Anxiety attacks were rare occurrences for Sherlock, but not unheard of, and he hadn’t had once in years.
*****
“What your brother said. How you’re not to get high anymore.”
“Yes, er,” she said. “May I come in?”
The cup of tea grew cold as he took small sips, staring at John’s chair. He closed his eyes. Seeking comfort, he paced the halls of his mind palace until he came to John’s wing. Passing by the negative section, he went to the memories of their early days. Tears pricked at the back of his eyes and he blinked them away. The hollowness had settled in his stomach. He wasn’t sure it would ever go away. Time passed. He finished his tea. He didn’t feel any better.
“I was married to my work. Oh.” Sherlock frowned. “You have to understand, John, I rarely feel romantic attachment and I have to get to know someone before I do. I said what I did because, at the time, I didn’t know how much I would grow to care for you.”
Until neither John nor Sherlock could think of any reason for John to stay. The discussion came about one night whilst they were in bed.
There wouldn’t be, of course. John would probably allow him to stay for a few awkward minutes, before Sherlock came up with a plausible excuse to leave. He would stay long enough to ensure that John would live. If he wasn’t certain, he could come up with something else to do. He was counting on John’s politeness to at least see him. He would be angry. Sherlock was fully prepared to go through any and all forms of verbal abuse. He was even prepared for John to hit him again, or do something. He was willing to put up with it, with any of it, to see John. Even if it was probably the last time Sherlock would ever see him again.
“I’m not high.” Sherlock’s voice was a lot quieter than usual, and John realized that in fact he wasn’t actually high. He was sad. His eyes weren’t red from drugs, his eyes were red from crying. Shame radiated through his body. Again, he was jumping to conclusions about Sherlock’s state of sobriety.
John appeared at the doorway, sleep-mussed, wearing only a white t-shirt and pyjama bottoms. Sherlock envisioned himself running his fingers through John’s hair, smoothing it and then messing it up again. He gave Sherlock a small smile when he saw him. Rosie was in his arms, squirming.
“Sherlock?” His eyes snapped open. That was John’s voice. John was standing near him, brow creased. “You okay?”
“I don’t know why I did it. I was just so angry at so many people and I guess I took it out on you.”
John opened his mouth, and then closed it again. “Christ, Sherlock.”
“Merry Christmas.” There was a click on the other end of the line. Sherlock frowned down at his phone.
“Me? I’m the one being difficult?” He raised his eyebrows incredulously and hissed out the next sentence. “This is your fault.”
“When have I ever wanted to talk to Mycroft?”
I don’t care about people. Yet here you are.
Sherlock groaned and scrubbed a hand through his hair. “Yes. No. Possibly. Promise you won’t say anything?”
Sherlock jumped up. “No! There are no coincidences. The universe is rarely so lazy.” He paced around the small room, glaring at the walls. “There must be something that connects them. What do all the people have in common?”
“Thanks, Mrs. H,” John told her.
“No, John, I did not.”
“Culverton Smith,” he said, standing up and holding out his hand. His teeth were crooked. His eyes glinted maniacally. “I own the place. Like it?” When Sherlock didn’t take his hand, he gestured around the place. “This room’s my favourite.”
“How much do you know?” Mycroft studied Sherlock for a few moments. Sherlock looked down at his hands, at his coat all rumpled from sleeping in it.
John shook his head. “Please, no.” He choked out the words. “It’s just-coming here, knowing I’m moving-it hits me sometimes, everything she did-”
He wasn’t certain how long John was going to be away. It could be for the morning, it could be for the day, it could be for several days. He rolled out of bed, changed into pyjama pants and his dressing gown, and made his way into the kitchen. He took his pack of cigarettes from his dresser.
“I’m not,” John continued. “But I
“I’m off,” Lestrade said. “See you, Sherlock. John.” He nodded at both of them and then left.
After some manoeuvring, Sherlock’s head was on John’s lap and he was stretched across the couch. John was carding his fingers through Sherlock’s hair, his feet propped up on their coffee table next to their wine glasses. “I was flirting with you at Angelo’s,” John said absentmindedly.
“You will be okay, though. You’ll have Mary, and your daughter.”
John swallowed. Sherlock watched the lump in his throat. “I do, yeah. I just don’t know how I’m going to work through this.”
“Damn,” John said, his heart sinking. He had no idea where Sherlock could’ve gone.
“Oh,” John said. And kissed him.
“Did you actually make that?”
He fired, a neat hole through his forehead. The wall splintered.
“Sherlock?” John looked puzzled, his hair unruly and lips swollen.
“Sounds good to me,” John said.
Sherlock nodded. “Wasn’t it obvious?”
“I lied.” He turned back around with a huff. John stood up, and in that second Sherlock thought he would leave. His shoulder was suddenly cold and he missed the warmth of John’s hand. Instead, John walked around the bed until he was crouched down besides Sherlock. Sherlock immediately shut his eyes.
The flat was cold, no fire had been lit. He sat down on the couch, lighting a cigarette. The entire flat would probably smell of smoke later, but that was the least of his worries. He closed his eyes, entering his Mind Palace. And he waited.
“Do you think it’s too soon? After Mary, I mean.”
“Sorry,” Sherlock said, not feeling particularly sorry. “I thought you were someone else.” His head spun. Everything slowed down. It was possible that he had taken too much of whatever substance Wiggins had prepared.
“Why are they fighting on top of a moving train? That is very idiotic of them.”
John shifted his hips against Sherlock and made a noise into his mouth and-
John had not.
Third chapter. I'll try to have the fourth out within a week and/or as quickly as I can.
“Not even close.” Lestrade sighed. “Sherlock. I have a case for you.”
*****
Sherlock allowed himself exactly two minutes to compose himself before he got his clothes and slipped into the bathroom. He turned the shower on, undressing quickly before stepping in. The ghost of John clung to his skin. John’s fingers in his hair, John’s arms around him, John, John, John. He washed quickly, taking even more time to get his thoughts in order. This kind of reaction was abnormal for him. He never thought this much about physical contact. He also never craved this much physical contact. It had been unimaginably nice, better than he’d ever dreamed of-and he’d thought about this a lot-and he desperately wished that John would let him share his bed again.
“Rosie is more than welcome here. She appears to have been sleeping fine in her own room, John.”
Frankly, John was exhausted. He had barely got any rest during the last few days. Granted, he got more than Sherlock, but that wasn’t saying much. He figured that Sherlock would show up in the morning. Too tired to even make it up the stairs, he curled up in Sherlock’s bed without a second thought. If Sherlock came back, surely he would wake John up. And with that, John fell asleep.
