The bells tolled, waking the Prince from his slumber with the cries of the soldiers as they scrambled through the hallways.
Looking around, he was met with music playing softly throughout the house. As he made his way further inside, he realized that no one was home but the windows and sliding glass door were open.
“Not during the workweek, though,” Castiel managed to say, both hands grabbing Dean’s hands to stop him from continuing. Dean looked up with a pout on his lips, Castiel smiling as he sat up to kiss the man.
Sam was sitting at the monitors, his gaze peering from the screens before trailing over towards Bobby and him. His facial expression was unrecognizable.
He drove along the main road, turning here and there till he came to an abandoned-looking strip mall.
He wanted to run but he felt stuck to the spot as he watched the man stand, fixing his clothes. Was that a flash of sadness in his eyes at the question?
Of course when he heard the deep voice of Dean commanding him to cum, he didn’t need to be told twice. His body shuddering from coming so hard.
"Yeah, sure. An almighty being is "supposed" to be caged within it," using air quotes while rolling his eyes.
“I was given an extra shift,” he started to explain, stowing his feelings and face into a cool expression so that he could turn his full attention to his ‘boyfriend’. “I told Cyrus-”
Dean felt a swell of pride when Cas' face broke out into a small smile. Cas shifted impossibly closer to Dean, pushing the man onto his back so he could lay his head on Dean's chest.
Dean must be crazy. Having figured out why the voice was familiar. He hadn’t thought about that memory is ages and after remembering it after so long, he probably wouldn’t have been able to identify it.
Swallowing the lump in his throat at the way the man looked down at him with hooded eyes, their bodies a mere inches from one another.
So that's where they are now, Castiel sipping his coffee, having already finished his meal. He was watching Dean devour his whatever it was called. It had BLT in the name.
, Castiel?” He didn’t want to look, but his eyes betrayed him as Castiel glanced upwards. If his heart wasn’t in his stomach, it was now on the floor at the hard look of the other man. His full attention was on Eldon, his entire composure was like a statue.
“My apologies,” he replied, setting his now-empty chalice down before motioning for his men to start heading out. Originally he had that fiery redhead tending their table, but she seems to have become incapacitated. Disappearing shortly after the announcement earlier.
“So firing them is out of the question,” was all he said in such a nonchalant manner, causing blue eyes to roll in agitation.
Bobby’s voice breaking the silence around him. Turning in place Dean started hustling in that direction.
That and they are able to do a deep cleaning of their workspace, which meant cleaning under and above the machines.
This was originally a prompt that I posted to a Facebook group, I was intending to come back at a later date to finish or continue, but for now, I wanted to post this for your enjoyment.
“Nope,” Dean waving his hands to interrupt the guy. “I don't want to know your name, your age or anything about you.”
“Dean, don't!” Castiel watched in horror as he watched Dean's foot slip-off the side sending the man falling over the edge.
“All the answers will be answered through that door,” With that said, she walked up to the door and placed the four cards into a slot next to it.
The betrayed look on Dean’s face at the admission had Castiel’s heart drop. He even backed away when Castiel had attempted to reach out for him.
“I don’t understand,” Dean started, pulling away from his brother who tried to steer him from the room. “I’m the best you’ve got at finding this thing, better than any of the men you got. Now, of all times, you tell me ‘No’?!”
"But you love that place," she tried, glancing at Sam and moving her hand away. "We haven’t gone to the club since we met."
Taking in that naturally tanned skin, freckles that covered his body, the small blush on the man’s face as he leaned over the seat.
Dean smiled around the mouthpiece, Sam wishing him luck before leaving to find his seat, just before the door opened to lead him and his corner team to the ring.
"I-we should get dressed," Dean said, carefully setting Castiel's legs down and backing away. "They're probably gone by now,"
He looked at the health bar to see it was maxed out in the green, so there was nothing else to do at the moment.
Peeking his eye open to stare at the way to chipper of a man before him, his green eyes alight with mischief for it being way too early in the morning.
"Now now," Cas drawled out as Dean watch him reach into his bag. “Can’t have this session end too quickly,”
With many years of living together, Sam knew his brother like a book. He was ready for whatever surprise that was going to come his way.
“Do something, Dean!” his father’s voice commanded out of nowhere. Green eyes turned back to his dad the moment one of the demons leaned down to grab at the man’s hair, pulling his head back so the other could land a punch to his jaw. Flinching, Dean turned back to Castiel, his body going cold at the man’s intense blue eyes watching him.
He felt all sense of what was happening when Deans clothed crotch brushed against Cas' again and again in a thrusting motion.
a boyfriend. Repeating the mantra over and over, his hands working to put all his study material away. Once the table was cleared, his eyes lifted to the lone cup, filled with what had to be cold coffee now. This was the fifth time Dean hadn’t shown up, usually, he was good at keeping a routine, he must be busy to have not shown up for almost two weeks.
“Of course I am.” Castiel cut off. “If one of those servants hadn’t signed a full disclosure agreement when they started working for you and had seen what you just did, they wouldn’t think twice to sell the story to the highest bidder,”
They stayed like that for who knows how long, both panting, trying to regain themselves while coming down from their high.
“No, just wanted to keep my attention on studying,” he easily lied, giving a small smile to reassure her.
“Open your eyes, Dean!” Sam nearly shouted into his brother’s face, his grip tightening around Dean’s pinned wrist. His entire body sitting on his older brother’s chest to keep him from moving.
It took a couple of weeks for his body to look strong and powerful, deciding then that he wanted to find his home. A castle settled near the end of the world. Settled among jagged rocks, cliffs, and mountains that were hard to navigate towards, unless you were a creature and could see the secret passageway.
Jolting upward, coughing at the sudden intake of air, he felt a hand on his back as the owner spoke above the sounds that he was making.
"Yer Majesty," she redhead finally said after some time, watching the man leaning against the backrest, taking deep breaths in. “To be honest. This spell was created by the witches who cast the spell. It may just be a slight side effect. It may take a day or two for himself to adjust to everything.”
Dean just closed his eyes, dropping his head back onto the comfy stretcher, groaning at the realization that he lost.
“I need a big stone,” Throwing his hands up, deciding then and there that he was going to take care of this problem. Turning around to look down at his options, the rocks, not finding very many as he moved the heavier ones away to find a decent-sized one for throwing.
Whipping his face clean with the supplied handkerchief, he looked down at his subjects in irritation.
“It’s a Maze,” He finally said, after Sam kept guessing. Prison, Zombie, Apocalypse, even Call of Duty.
After his seven days of being back and after his encounter in bed, something's been off with the servants and people in the castle. They’ve treated him like they always do, with respect, helped him dress, cleaned his clothes and the works.
Castiel stepped out onto the ledge, the rain falling heavy, staring into the darkness. He didn’t want anyone to live in fear. He clutched the Ocarina to his chest.
He reared up, yanked Cas' hips to his groin and rubbed his cock over his hole. Teasing over it back and forth, he purred out “I can play dirty, too, Angel.”
There were benches placed along the perimeter of the tent and the surrounding lawn. Castiel cleared his throat and asked, “Dean, would you sit with me? I would like to get to know you a little.” He indicated a nearby option in the shade with an open palm in invitation.
Now that the “Cas becomes human” solution is no longer possible, all that remains is the possibility of summoning the shadow. And punch him, or better kill it – which may be worse according to the cosmic-balance-rule-thing. However, he does not feel ready to give up the idea of Cas becoming human. Maybe he could convince him to give up his grace, to be his true self. He has to save him from his deal, so he’ll have to keep reading and harass Ketch for help. He has to help Cas in return, at the same time for everything Cas has done for him – and his family – for the last ten years, but also and mostly because Cas deserves to be happy.
-"Dean whatever you’re doing, you should leave that to your brother. Focus on your health instead, there's no need to hurry."
-Then do you happen to have Castiel's phone number?", Ketch jokes through the handset. "Or maybe he is not supposed to know?
It's only forty minutes later that he receives a new message. It's probably Meg waiting for him. For sure, she is trying to distract him. However, his phone doesn't seem to stop from making light to have Castiel's full attention. He takes his phone out of his pocket, trying to stay quiet but it's not like he will disturb someone in the empty room. Even Mrs. Hanscum is out, probably eating a donut in the cafeteria with another teacher - maybe even M. Winchester. He has seen them once, by chance.
-We might have misinterpreted them. I couldn't predict that Lucifer would resurrect, so I thought it was Michael.
Dean has not stopped looking at him, even though Castiel has continued to fix the tile in the bathroom. Dean could easily see that Castiel is not comfortable.
- Mr. and Mrs. Novak, it’s a pleasure to see you again”, Crowley says with a big smile and his face and his most delicious fake voice. “I’m sorry, my appointment with Professor Winchester took more time than I thought. Come in.”
-Honestly, I don’t know. But if you have to flee him forever, I'll help you. And Sam and Jack too. Mary, Bobby, Charlie… All the hunters from the other universe. We are all with you. »
He feels Castiel's hand move from his chin to his other shoulder. It is at this moment that he realizes that he does not stop shaking and that Cas tries to stabilize and reassure him.
-« You shouldn’t drink that. It’s too early in the morning and you just wake up. I’ll pick you a drink of water if you want. »
He doesn’t even remember having eaten his breakfast or taken the bus that he is already at school. It is full of people walking towards the entrance. Meg is nowhere to be seen and it’s even more strange because they always go to school together. Another thing is the bees. Hundreds of them are flying near the school when they are usually no one.
He leaves his phone in Castiel's hands until he gets up from his bed and turns on the light in his room. Then, he goes to his dresser to take some spare clothes before going back to Castiel who hasn't moved from the bed.
When Dean wakes up in the middle of the night, his room is almost dark. Only a stream of light can pass under the door. But he feels on him the look of someone. When he turns his eyes, he can discern only the silhouette of someone.
Dean does not want to imagine how much she would be annoying if she would discover them in this kind of situation.
-« Michael possessed you again. But this time, he didn’t just leave your body, he… You’ve slept for a week. Huh… you must be starving. »
- “No. He is a teacher and he will not lose his job because one of his students is having a crush on him”, he replies but now that he has started to speak, he can’t stop. “I mean have you seen him?! He is gorgeous and the guy knows it. All the girls from the class and even the teachers are at his feet. He likes his job. He
The boy looks at him with surprised eyes as if he is chocked that someone is talking to him. Or maybe Dean looks like a crazy man with all the thoughts going on his mind.
Now that he thinks about it, it's probably the reason why the teacher has chosen him... To make him feel include in the class. Maybe the teacher was even scared he would not be accepted in any group for the piece of theater. He feels thinking about it. Sure, a voice in his mind tells him it's because of - or thanks to - the note but how would the teacher even know he wrote it? There is no way. Absolutely no way.
Castiel hands him a cup of coffee. It is lukewarm, not quite hot, but not cold either. Anyway, Dean is not going to be choosy. He takes a long sip and finally asks the question that obsessed him the most. It’s reassuring to have Cas near him. He’ll go to see his brother as soon as he feels a little better. There is no point in playing comedy in front of Cas when he can see perfectly through Dean each time.
For God’s sack… How much he wants this man… He shouldn’t yet it feels so good… Maybe if he’s lucky and waits for two years, until he turns 18 and is no more his student, and if the teacher is – hopefully – gay or bi… But it takes a lot of luck, and if Castiel is sure of one thing, it’s that he has never been lucky.
Dean rolls his eyes to heaven and prepares two cups of coffee. His head is getting even more painful by the time and it will be worse with the light. He escapes into the bathroom and picks the whole aspirin box.
- “Okay, calm down everyone. Anna, whatever you want to write Is fine, even if it’s about cats. If you judge it’s something that I need to know, go for it”, he answers her and she seems to be happy with it because she starts to write down. He then looks at the boy, raising an eyebrow as a silent question to ask him his name. Ash. It’s a name he has never heard, probably a new student in Laurence. “Ash, don’t interrupt me if it’s to mock someone else. So next time you want to say something clever, don’t hesitate. If it’s for anything else, I think I can answer Anna alone, thank you. And finally, yes, me knowing if you are handicapped is a plus as I can adapt the exercises in class. If you write that but you tell me you don’t want other people to know, I will not tell, it will be a secret between you and me”, he adds with a wink he almost immediately regrets. But well, being sympathetic has never killed someone.
-However, there were no signs, right? Sam?", Cas' asks Sam, unsure. “We studied every strange phenomenon, and nothing could tell that Lucifer was back…
As far as he can see, and by the layout of the furniture of the bedroom, he can tell it is his room. At least, he plays at home. Good thing, he supposes. He needs to make her leave his apartment before he goes to work.
-"Everyone out. I have to talk to these young people", Rowena screams in the room while dropping the big bag she is carrying on the table, just under Dean's nose, crushing the book he was reading at the same time.
Mary gently caresses Dean's cheek before laying the palm on it. The gesture is reassuring. He knows she's right, after all, they have no more weapons to beat him, and Jack does not have as much power anymore. They can't face him anymore, all they can do against him is kill all the mutant monsters he leaves behind him.
-"I won't take long so while I'm taking a shower, you can read this wonderful book I haven't finished on the many dimensions such as Paradise... Hell... Purgatory... All super fun places for holidays!
-Easy. Only three steps: step 1, we find it; step 2, we trap it; step 3, we kill it. See, easy. No more Shadow”.
Dean enters the bathroom again, in which Cas is still waiting for him, and Dean cleans his mouth quickly.
So, here they are. Dean, who had ordered a pizza and was satisfied, is lying on his bed watching tv. Meanwhile, Castiel is in the shower. Dean is happy that Cas ended up taking this little habit, and he seems to like it too. It wouldn’t change his angelic condition, but he seems to appreciate that little human gesture. And to be honest, Dean loves to see Cas in his pajamas and comes to bed next to him.
Finally, Cas catches the toothbrush and he smiles at Dean. Dean turns to grab his own toothbrush, and when he returns to Cas, he just has time to intercept the tube of toothpaste before Cas pours toothpaste directly into his mouth.
She raises an eyebrow, daring him silently to lie to her one more time. So he simply nods and hears her laugh. He doesn’t what she has in mind but it’s definitely very far from what
It sure isn’t Dean’s fantasy to do whatever sexual stuff to a minor, and it has never been. And even if he is used to being the center of the gossips at school – such as who he would date, how does he kiss or even his favorite position during sex and other very interesting questions about his private life – why on earth would a sixteen teenager be interested in having sex with someone as old as him. Deep down, Dean knows some of his students may be crushing over him: the insistent looks, the little messages, the way-too-tiny skirts or dresses. But it is only a fantasy. A one-lifetime hookup the girl or boy will be glad to live and tell, and for Dean, a very good vacation in jail-land. No, thank you. No cute smile could do that to Dean.
They remain silent the time Dean texts his brother back, wishing him a good day at work. That’s when Dean sees it’s time for him to go.
To have a crush on his teacher… It sounds like the beginning of a very stupid story. But stupid doesn’t mean not romantic or not interesting, does it? And Castiel may be very credulous, he is not naïve enough to think the teacher could have something else in mind.
He hears faintly footsteps approaching him. Dean can only curl up on himself in the corner of his room. Even if he tries to shout and call Sam, Jack or Cas, no sound can come out of his mouth.
Dean bites his lips. Of course, if he didn't need Cas to stay with him every night, he could take care of doing something else, whatever it is. Cas is really becoming a good hunter. After saying that, he closes the computer, comes with one hand to slide it on the floor and turns fully to Dean.
But Dean can’t help smiling, and neither can Cas. Becoming a bartender, why not? He did his job by hunting supernatural creatures and by saving the world from many apocalypses. He died a lot by doing this, and Sammy too. Maybe it is time to stop. Maybe it’s time to let younger hunter shine. And he is not old, a lot of people change their jobs. Why not him? He would totally enjoy being on. Maybe even working with Cas…?
Surprised to hear Castiel's voice so close to him - and his ear - he looks up, his eyes wide open. In another situation, the sound of his deep voice could have been very erotic - and would have led Dean's mind where he definitely should not go.
A few questions wouldn't kill him. Right? He picks his phone from the front pocket of his jeans and sends a quick message:
For tomorrow, he has to know every scene, every role, and plan every rehearsal in only four months. Castiel as his assistant is a very, very good idea because it seems to be impossible. And it’s only because Crowley decides that.
When they arrive, Cas has already told them about the morbid story. Through newspapers and the internet, he learned that an 'unknown man' entered the house of a happy family overnight and destroyed everything in his path. The only question that Cas could not answer was "why?".
And oh god does he know about this voice. He immediately stops at the threshold and comes back to the bed, grabbing pants on his way back to it. A redhead emerges from under the sheets. Still half asleep and robbing her face with both of her hands.
“John didn’t know anything. It was Mary.” Confused, Dean pulled his hand from Bobby’s as he stared in disbelief. “Mary was the one to come to me. Pleading with me that I keep this a secret from not only you but the King. John thought you were human the entire time.”
When Dean first came to him, he was attracted to him at first glance. He had to squash all those feelings down because he was, at the end of the day, a professional.
"Shh, follow my lead. Keep your forehead on my shoulder and play along." Dean hooked the back of Cas' legs and leaning forward so his forehead was resting on Cas' shoulder.
"...wish you'd let me know sooner. But uh-Cas, are you going to untie me?” Dean asked, tugging at his restraints.
It’s true, Dean’s never been into his family history, that’s Sam’s job. He learned all he knows from Bobby and his father.
It was his fault, of course. He let this all happen. He wanted to scream into the heaven’s, to curse the man himself about why this had to happen. He didn’t want to kill anyone. Let alone...
Shifting the car into reverse, he lightly pressed the gas pedal until he was right in front of the place.
"So, what's so important about this thing," Dean panted out, his adrenaline pumping in his ears, urging them to fight. But the opponents were unmoving.
He relished the huff of irritation from the man when he pulled away, opening his eyes to take in the questionable look, the green eyes a stark contrast against the freckles on his face.
“Fuck” he heard Dean mutter, his body leaning forward. His hands placed on the bookshelf as he tried to get ahold of himself.
‘Don’t look up, don’t look up’ he chanted in his head, feeling the weight of the situation settling in his stomach.
"Of course you wouldn't know. But since you're going to become our prisoner, might as well let you in on the real reason the Purge was started,"
“How's that?” Dean stated in disbelief as he pulled off the top part of his robes to clean the wound there. “How can you forget your own name?”
Dean nodded towards Alicia, the girl from earlier as he dragged Cas down the hallway, stopping at the third door on the left, opening it and pushing Cas into the room.
Hello Everyone! I'm really sorry that this chapter took so long! I'm extremely grateful to those who have stuck around, commented, and left a kudo ^^;
The only embarrassing part of the whole outfit was the lack of pants. Given it goes down to the ground, but if it wasn’t securely fastened, everything would be one display to the crowd.
“Dean,” a voice interrupting Dean’s train of thought. He looked up, unable to suppress the low chuckle at the man’s appearance.
Their glasses clinking together after pouring the last bit of wine into each, the sipped the last bit before laughing. They were sitting on the floor in front of the couch, the coffee table filled with empty plates of what used to be a spaghetti dinner, salad, and breadsticks.
Her brown held up with an ornate pin, bangs framing her red eyes and tanned skin. Ears pointed like the blonde beside her.
“On top of all of this, this person. This guy is MY rival. The one who's been taking out members of OUR family. And here you are, being a Suzy homemaker with the guy.”
All because of the magic that had started to pour through him. The magical feeling was unfamiliar, driving him mad, as one of the mages informed him.
“I’m moving, I’m moving,” Dean muttered out, his body moving at a snail's pace. Castiel smiled, giving the man’s red ass a smack before opening the door to the limo.
Castiel stepped around Dean to stand behind him, his hands on Dean’s shoulders as the man kissed at his neck.
“How come there’s not a lot of information on Mom’s side?” Dean asked, sifting through the pages. There’s a family tree but it dates back to only a couple hundred years ago.
Sure, why not? He's kept everything else. He clicked the yes. He tried to search for anything else but a bubble popped up saying there was nothing else to find.
“Cas,” he said once again, firm enough to make the creature stop hissing. Taking a tentative step forward, then another until he was able to reach a hand to hold the man’s face with both hands.
He yelped in a very manly manner when he spotted a short man walking along, muttering to himself. Dean having nearly tripped over him. When he looked up after dropping all the scrolls for his father, the man had become the same height as him.
Leaning forward, Castiel took hold of the man’s cock, sweeping his tongue from the base to the tip, eliciting a low moan. Looking up through his eyelashes, he watched Dean tilt his head back and resting on his elbows, giving Castiel’s more room.
Neither one lasting much longer, Castiel gripping the man’s shoulder, making new angry marks as he came between them. Dean following shortly after three more thrusts, hips stuttering.
“But you sit all day.” Dean paused in anything else he was going to say when Castiel glared at him from over his shoulder as he changed into his pajamas. “Then how would you like to spend the evening?”
“He was was right, you say? Do you want to marry the Duke's youngest? Do you think I don't know the secret?” He waited to hear any objections. “Dean is supposed to send me a sign with his love, and it will be our beacon. Sounds great, right?” he watched Gabriel’s hands raise up passively, showing he was listening.
“Please,” it came out softer then Dean intended, his hand reaching out for the man’s wrist to stop him from whatever he was going to do, while his other hand, with a slight tremble, placed itself on the man’s crotch. A jolt of satisfaction spread throughout Dean when he could feel the slightly hardening dick beneath the cloth.
He knew Rowena told him to stay away. That forcing Dean’s old self to come back too quickly could ruin everything he’s waited centuries for.
Looking up after preventing himself from falling, he saw Dean staring at him with wide eyes. Face flushed as he took in his own appearance, lifting his gaze to meet Castiel’s.
"I'm going to take that as a-" Castiel instantly shut up when Dean pulled out and slamming back in, continuing the motion at a bruising pace. Giving Castiel's ass a good smack every now and then.
Moaning at the feeling of the tongue pushing as far as possible, Dean let his head drop past his arms, letting out a string of moans and curses at how amazing it felt.
He found the job rather quickly, practically overqualified for such a small town. Quoted Crowley, the owner. He was welcomed with open arms nonetheless.
“Sam, why are you acting this way?” Dean questioned after attempting to push his little brother out of the way.
“It’s the look you had when you walked in,” winking at Castiel before turning around to take orders from people who were patiently waiting.
"Get. Out." Dean brought the tip of the blade to Lucifer's throat till a pearl of blood form followed by a white light spilling from the wound.
“Dean…” His arms raised, showing his hands, palm out, indicating he wasn't going to harm Dean. More like he was trying to bring Dean back to safety.
“How ya feeling?” he asked, leaning a hip on the counter, taking in the drink Castiel was still nursing.
Dean looked up with Castiel’s cock inches from his face, his own hands moving along Castiel’s legs, unsure of where to start.
He managed to find a spot to breathe in an alleyway between two buildings, out of the crowd of villagers as they continued their daily tasks. He had to take deep breaths to calm his racing heart, mind going way too fast for him to keep up.
Walking through the empty halls of the castle and within the dining hall, he would sometimes find himself randomly bringing his hand up to rub at the ghostly pain on the left side of his neck. He’s checked and repeatedly asked if there was a mark or a bite there.
Dean watched as Cas placed his black bag on the coffee table, reaching in for those black latex gloves and lube.
“Castiel,” He whispered loudly, running to the wall. He pressed his ear to the wall, calling his name out again to get a response. Anything.
“That’s...not a bad idea,” Castiel stated, loud enough for everyone in the room to hear. He let go, Sam’s body dropping to the stone floor as he gasped for air. “Do something, Dean.” he quoted as he sauntered over to Dean, the small smile on his lips showing one of his pointed fangs. “I mean, a bittersweet end to the royal family. At the hands of their own Crown Prince.” Dean felt his entire body shudder under the man’s intense gaze as he stopped just in front of him. His hand lifting to cup his cheek, instinctually Dean leaned into the caress. “Kill your brother, Dean.”
He was on the verge of sleep when those words echoed around him. He attempted to push down the creeping feeling of anxiousness, the fierce declaration of the unfamiliar voice.
Taking that cue, Castiel used his free hand to move lower. Past the man's legs, between them as he found what he had been looking for.
The abrupt silence made him uneasy, but Cas did barge up to the door right as he sat down. And Dean wasn’t exactly gonna deny his boyfriend on the rehearsing of his speech. Just...not in the bathroom. When he has to take a number 2.
He heard the gasp of his mother above the sound, peeking over his shoulder to find his brother next to his mom with three guards behind them.
He sat there for a moment, staring at his phone screen. What felt like forever, he clicked the app open.
When Dean had come by earlier, not surprised that his brother was already there, asked him to help with a little family history. Sam had given him a strange look, but Dean managed to convince him.
“Here's the plan: when that evil creature comes back, you'll distract it, and I'll hit it. We'll escape while the dragon sleeps.” Smirking at how ingenious the plan was making an Ah-ha noise when he found a good-sized rock that he could fit in his hand.
Desperation was what he was suddenly feeling, rising more and more from the contact, at the feeling of the chapped lips, his own hands coming up to rest on either side of the man's neck, his body moving forward on its own.
Now, even though Dean’s soul held all the magic, his body was never able to acclimate as one born with their powers would.
More bodies, blood, and a storm of fury were clear the moment he stepped onto the landing. He didn’t know where Castiel had stormed off to, he couldn’t hear a sound over the eerie silence that blanketed the castle halls. But he didn’t have to guess where to go when he felt a small pull in his chest. The insistent need grew after turning in that direction. He could feel his anger slowly begin to boil with each step. The exhilaration that this day, the one that he and Castiel had been waiting for, was finally coming true.
"Such a freaking cocktease," Dean grumbled out as he did as he was told. Meanwhile, Castiel grabbed Dean's tie, untying his own in the process.
"Oh," Dean mumbled after taking a step back, only for his body to start wobbling back and forth. "It seems your magnetic pull is keeping me here. This only happens if you find me at least a bit attractive,"
“Dean,” Castiel groaned out as the man traveled farther down, Dean unbuttoning and kissing the exposed chest as he went.
It didn’t last much longer, the blood disappearing and the wind subsiding, Dean’s jaw nearly dropping at the site of a man standing stark naked from where the crazy event just occurred.
Castiel has watched this man come in with parties from business soirees to one on one dates with beautiful women...and men.
“Home,” a voice answered, Dean, jumping at the unexpected answer. He turned, gripping with his free hand the bottom of the current to cover himself.
When the girl woke hours later, with him still being awake, the sight of her walking around the room to gather her clothes with her perfectly shaped bottom, perky breasts, and soft creme-colored skin-
what you told me before all this,” he gestured in the direction of his bed chambers where his mate was sleeping. Once again. “After the seal was broken, he would remember everything.”
The background was black, the letters white as little dots appeared that showed that someone was typing.
Every attempt that failed, he groaned but gave himself a pat on the back when he saw the smoke float up.
“I have a question, Doc,” Dean’s voice was rough, whispering the question without bringing his attention from the ground.
The Alphas body covering the other, keeping himself up as to not crush the man by laying between his legs, hands exploring once again as the body pushed upwards.
Dean stopped for a moment, turning in place to check over his shoulder, his hand coming up to wipe the sweat from his brow. He wasn’t nervous. Far from it. It was just really hot out here given it being March.
It didn’t take long, probably a fifteen-minute ride with no issues. After parking, he made his way inside, keeping his eyes open for his friends.
“A Vampire?” Dean spoke under his breath, trying to search his mind for any knowledge of such a creature. Everything he was told about was fairies, ogres, nymphs, etc. A demon here and there but nothing mentioned Vampires.
A confused looked crossing Dean’s face, his cheeks turning redder at the comment when he realized what it would be for.
“Good night, Dean,” he said back before leaving. Dean laid back down, the quiet never bothering him before, but the images of the beast still fresh as he tried to sleep. He vaguely remembers hearing the flute from Castiel’s room playing, it was soothing enough to finally allow Dean to drift off into slumber.
“No...it doesn’t have anything to do with your comics.” Castiel huffed, rolling his eyes. “The legend Balder, who had a dream of death which worried his mother Frigga. Upon learning of this, she went to all corners of the earth, speaking to the air, fire, water, earth, the animals and plants, seeking a promise that no harm would come to her son.
“Don’t ‘but’ me boy. I promised John I wouldn’t let nothing happen to you boys and that means keeping strangers from entering the bunker during the Goddamn Purge!” At that Dean had to tear his eyes away from Bobby’s, feeling like a complete fuck up because he knew the rules.
I had the Lovely and Extremely talented "The Friendly Pigeon" commission this amazing piece of art ^.^
He was almost to the door when another scream pierced the night air, this time it sounded much closer.
He was checking his watch when he noticed a familiar figure in the corner of his eye. Turning his head to look give them his full attention, it was the kid from before. Except, he wasn't in uniform. Castiel was sitting at one of the tables with textbooks spread across, headphones in his ear with a pencil in his mouth, his eyes scanning the pages before him. He was wearing a big hoodie and gray sweatpants, one leg tucked under him on the seat while the other foot tapped to the beat of the song he was listening to.
“Nope,” the mischief was back, her smirk ever-present as she rested her chin lightly on the back of her hand.
Desperation and being in the wrong place at the wrong time were the only reasons he ever had to do it. He hated it. His stomach churned at the memory of Sammy being in that kind of danger again. He shook his head to rid the thoughts as he went to work to get the body down.
With one hand stroking the man, the other continued its exploration. Past the lightly toned stomach to the erect nipples, pinching one between his fingers.
he chastised to himself. His moment to shake the man's hand away was thwarted when Dean used both hands to bring Cas’s hand to his cheek.
“Don’t you think about it for too long. You know what they say, He who hesitates,” Snapping his fingers, “Disintegrates.”
They moaned as Dean pressed in, easing himself inch by inch. Castiel letting his head drop to the mattress, reveling in the feel. He tried not to think about how long it’s been since he’s had a good fuck.
If you are on tiktok, and want to become further educated on Dissociative Identity Disorder, there is a system known as "Theasystem" that can further educate you on this :D
What the hell is this guy talking about? Lucifer seemed to notice, head tilting to the side, biting his lip.
"I-I was kidnapped a couple of days before the Purge. Someone I knew betrayed me, they grabbed me in my sleep…" he trailed off, glancing up to meet Dean's eyes, "When I woke up, I was on the floor of a church. No one around."
He could feel his head aching from all this. He wished everything would just go back to the way it was. Completely oblivious.
" The same voice that was small and quiet rose in volume. Castiel has never heard this tone of voice before, but the voice was familiar. He heard a struggle, something being knocked over before the sound of a body hitting the floor. Castiel's fight or flight instincts kicked in when he didn't hear any other noise.
“Hey there handsome and what is your name?” Castiel watched the man's face turn toward Meg then to him. He smirked and turned towards her, mimicking her leaning position against the counter.
Dean, Sam, Cas, and Bobby sat opposite the door, the pounding on the door loud throughout the hall. Two of the four gasping for air like crazy, just being glad they are now somewhere safe.
Dean grumbled, not truly ok with this being his worst performance ever. Of course, Cas had said he just wasn’t into it.
"Ah, it's well deserved. You were able to make such a complicated order." The statement was directed at his companion who was still focused on her phone.
After finding his shirt hanging from his dresser and pants near the door, he quickly dressed before slowly easing the door open, slipping through and shutting so as to not wake the other occupants.
“Please,” Dean all but whispered under his breath, wanting to move but that knowing that doing so wouldn’t earn him what he’s craving.
"Don't go! What about the new man? Remember? He needs me!" He begged, taking a step forward to grab at Cas.
“Does it feel good,” Dean whispered into the crook of his neck, his hand starting to stroke Castiel at an agonizingly slow pace.
“There’s a door. When you walk out, at the end of the hallway. They won’t catch you. It leads right back to the parking lot.”
“No idea.” The man scolded, jerking his head away from the weapon. Dean chuckled under his breath, eyes dropping to the floor, a small smirk on his face.
“You want my seed,” Dean whispered into his ear, his voice deep and filled with lust, licking along the ridge of his ear.
It was all over the news and social media. People were even chanting “All hail the new founding fathers”
Placing the toy with the plug on the towel, he folded the cloth over them nicely before placing the bundle into his bag.
“F-fuck,” he heard Dean cry out under his breath at the feel of Cas’ tongue on his hole. Moving around the rim, poking past the rim here and there.
“Look,” he started, glancing into the empty store before running a hand through his untamed hair. “I’ve seen nothing of the man of which you speak,” he lied easily. “As for liking the guy…” he trailed off.
“Please,” Dean begged breathlessly into the kiss, his body pushing instinctually onto Castiel's finger.
"Maximum security with guards in the room isn't alone time, sweet cheeks," Castiel shifted away when he felt a finger trace along his jaw.
Castiel hummed in approval into the man's neck, his hand reaching up to Dean’s pulse, squeezing slightly than letting go, enjoying the gasp it earned him.
“Tell me what you want,” Castiel asked, his hand on his cock through the material, slowly stroking it as he kept the man’s gaze.
When Dean came too he had heard the man in Castiel’s bedroom. So he snuck into the kitchen to grab the closest weapon, hiding until the man came back.
His mind wandering around his thoughts until he came to a particular day. A couple of weeks ago to be exact.
The games of chess that Dean kept losing after showing the man how to play when they discovered the board and pieces in one of the chests.
"Boss? Who might that be?" Dean questioned, unable to stop himself. "I mean, I'm always up to meeting new people,"
“Wait! Listen to me. I promised your father, when he was on his deathbed, to protect your family honor,” Gabriel hissed out, gripping the lapels of the man’s clothes. “Go and get some sleep. We'll continue the search under my command.”
Walking in, he noticed a woman with shoulder-length black curls, black blouse and creamy white skin standing behind a white marble desk with gold trim.
“Father,” they both called out, coming to halt just before the steps that ascended to the throne. The King stood just next to his seat with his elite guardsman standing around him, murmuring quietly to one another.
While the man was looking out the window, Castiel noted the band t-shirt that had seen better days with a low neckline and an unfamiliar necklace resting against his chest. As Castiel got closer, he could see the form-fitting jeans and boots beneath the table. Did Castiel hear his heartbeat loud in his ears at the sight of this whole other side of Dean? Most definitely not. Well...maybe just a tiny bit.
“Well now that’s interesting,” the girl muttered, picking up each card. First yellow, then white, green and finally blue. She restacked the cards together and smiled up at Dean.
The ambiance of the rain and fire muffling any other noise, including the sound of shoes stopping just at his knees, briefly catching a glimpse of that tanned skin, feeling a finger under his chin, lifting his head.
"Never...did I think you would be the one to betray me." His gaze finally lifting, those intense blue eyes zeroing in on him. Dean kept his gaze straight ahead, just past Cas’ shoulder to the chair he was sitting on.
” he spat the words, his hand reaching up to clasp around Uriel’s neck. “After I came back, I heard you went into hiding. Living amongst...humans.” he squeezed, enjoying the gasp he received.
“Yeah, his name is Sam. Charming fellow, smart as a whip,” she continued. “Never seen your brother so in love.”
The first impression of the man left him breathless. Handsome, suave, and really made him yearn for his fiance.
“It’s just paper,” Castiel said, keeping Dean in place. Eyes looking around to make sure the coast was clear. His free hand reaching up to hold the other cheek. “You are still mine,” he leaned in to brush his lips with Deans. “And I’m not letting you go that easily,”
“You will. Once we set up all the lights and decorations, this place will definitely get you in the mood for the season,” Dean answered, a smile on his face as he placed the box on the couch, opening it to view the contents inside.
“Enough,” Castiel’s voice stopped Dean from saying any more. “I will not risk my job,” and he really did. He wanted to know what those lips would feel like around his cock, the sounds this man-made while he pounded into him. Castiel shook his head, pushing those ideas away.
At what point did you realize it was Dean within the Maze? Just curious :D leave your guesses in the comments
Castiel moved forward, kneeling down so that he was level with the man. He delighted in the moan he received as his tongue lapped at the hole, moving it around to lavish the ring of muscle before pushing past it causing the man to gasp.
“Your habits recently,” Sam started, pausing to run a hand through his hair before continuing. “It seems a bit excessive. More so than usual,”
Arguing ensued. By the end of it all, he wasn’t allowed out without a guard at all times. Dean was at least relieved that he had some kind of freedom, but now that he had someone constantly following him, he felt trapped all the same.
“Fuck,” he managed out, breathing heavily as he slid out slowly, shuddering at the loss of heat. He looked down at the man before him, slumped over the seat, his back rising and falling as he tried to catch his breath.
“In fact,” Castiel paused to pull something out of his pocket. “I figured I’d give this a try,” Holding it above his head, watching Dean’s smile grow wider when he saw what it was.
"Fuck," Dean muttered, easily guiding himself all the way down to the base. He slowly pulled back before slamming back in.
His body reacting before his mind when he found himself standing at his door, the scent of his mate stronger.
Those green eyes that plagued Castiel’s thoughts when his boyfriend pinned him to the wall, kissing his lips and leaving a trail down to his neck.
“You will not,” John said, his tone harsher than Dean was anticipating. “You are to stay here. My men will suffice,” Dean watched his father rub at his face, plopping himself ungracefully into his seat as his mother reached over to rub his shoulders.
That's the third time in a month the guy has been unavailable. The girl on the line had told him that Castiel had gone on vacation for two of those weeks while taking personal time off. After coming back, his schedule became booked real quick.
"You could say that. Can you tell the rest of the staff that they can take the rest of the night off?"
There. What was that? Right before Dean closed his eyes, something flashed across his whole expression. It was enough to cause Castiel’s heart to sink, just a little. Dean's comments from earlier are still boiling beneath his skin.
Another strike. Does Cas keep tabs on Dean's client? I mean, it wouldn't be unusual. Thinking about it now, they do discuss the ones he's been with during their sessions.
“What I do is not to be taken lightly. One slip up could mean serious repercussions for either of us,” Castiel could feel the possible anxiety building if what they were doing falls flat and they are both met with serious problems.
He was complaining a while back about wanting to wash up so Castiel showed him where the hot springs were. Dean had looked in awe then got mad about Castiel holding out on him.
It took a few more moments, Dean unable to sit still as he changed from his hand running through his hair, to both hands scratching at his pant leg, and the lip biting.
“When I first saw you, I thought that this good looking man giving sex therapy, who is so hot he probably had a line of people waiting. I thought maybe I should give this a try”
“I tap a body part 3 times. Can you please continue fucking me now,” Dean’s voice was desperate, his body moving to create the friction he desired.
“Were you looking forward to your usual, Bacardi Cocktail?” Crowley's voice after noticing the look on the man's face.
Despite the room being pitch black, Castiel was able to see him clear as day. Bed hair, sleepy eyes, but it was the lust blown pupils that had Castiel's heart stutter for a moment.
Well, as much as he can be. Castiel still hasn’t been able to get the meter to change with any of his suggestions thus far.
Leaning back in his seat, he anxiously rubbed at his face while letting the yellow highlighter fall between the book. Why was this bothering him so much!
“I’ve seen a lot of fights, but if you hadn’t thrown that kick, there was a good chance you could have won by points. You were catching him on those hooks and knees but the moment you back off for that second…” he trailed off.
“Then let’s go back,” Castiel began flipping through his notes to their first meeting. “You had a healthy sex drive during your late teens, noticed yourself not as into it around your mid-twenties. You’re close to your thirties now, can you recall anything that might have triggered the change?”
Slowly making his way across the path to the double doors, gun already in hand, reaching the oak doors, without a hitch.
“I-uh,” Dean fumbled, his hands reaching for his pocket where he replaced the cards from earlier. “I got these cards?” holding them up to show her.
What he wasn’t expecting was Dean’s gaze to land on him. The arrow shifting slightly higher than he’s seen it before.
“I will take care of it all. You tell me what to do and I will be your humble servant. Fulfilling your every need.”
While Dean was distracted, Castiel cursed himself internally for not having lube within his office. Opting for the lesser, easier substance, spit.
“I’m so full,” Castiel complained, rubbing his stomach with a smile on his face as he watched Dean get up, grabbing all the plates, before running off to the kitchen.
“It’ll kill you!” Cas all but shouted, tears falling just as quickly. Dean stopped in his thrusts to look down at him, unsure of the look in his eyes when the man said those words.
“You do know what excessive force is, correct?” the lady cop inquired, gesturing to the cast iron pan.
"You remember now. This means you won't hurt this body," Lucifer tried to move but was stopped by Dean pressing into him harder.
“Lay down,” Dean urged gently, easing him down onto the bed and onto his back. Sighing in content at the feel of the warm cloth running over his body, wiping up the mess, watching the man as he took care of cleaning up. Letting Castiel’s body relax from being in one position for so long.
Rubbing a hand over his face, keeping his hand over his lips as he stared down at his coffee cup. He has no clue what to do.
With his clean hand, the one without lube on it, he opened his bag by the handle to look at his options.
The high canopy of the trees allowed minimal lighting as he slowed his horse to a trot as they maneuvered through the thick forest. Not a sound could be heard, which meant the thieves must have come this way. The nocturnal creatures were quiet, which meant something or someone had to have come through.
“What were you thinking just then?” the question hanging in the air, Dean glancing at Castiel then back at his hands.
Bobbing his head, taking more and more, Dean reached for Cas’ hole. A little surprised when he felt something slick and wet when his finger brushed lightly at it, easily slipping his finger in all the way to the knuckle. Eliciting another deep moan from the man. Adding two then three, the tightness making his already hard cock strain upwards at attention.
“Lovely, isn’t it?” a low and daunting voice called out from behind him. Dean went to turn towards the source, stopped only when he felt arms wrap around his midsection.
Arms above his head, wrists chained together, lifting him off the ground just enough to where he barely touched the ground. His body was covered in scratches, punctures from deadman’s blood injections, and a small IV that dripped every now and then from his body.
“And he’s used to fighting bigger and tough guys than you.” Bobby disrupted Dean, who huffed like a child who didn’t get his way.
Another guard ran by, disrupting the moment, bringing him back to the problem at hand. There was only one way to figure out what was going on. Walking back into his room to grab his robe, he made his way to the throne room.
Coughing as he straightened himself out, he proceeded down the hallway to the library where his people waited to discuss their next plan of action.
After Dean had walked into the office, he noticed the guy was buff as hell, his suit barely containing the rippling muscles underneath.
"How's Bobby?" The two turned to look towards the bed, said person was laying across with their eyes closed, the steady rise and fall of his chest indicating he was still alive.
"You knew what you were getting into," Dean responded, tugging at the man’s shoulder to bring him back. The other sighed and complied, rolling back into the space heater of a man but moving the covers back over his head.
After that talk, Dean did just that. The inner turmoil of his family straightened up, but that luxury did not last long. A rival gang decided to bare its ugly head and challenge the right to ‘own this town’.
“There could be,” he said without hesitating. “You could have low testosterone, vitamins can affect your sex drive. There’s also depression, illness, sleep problems, stress,” he rattled off the list, Dean gesturing with a hand for Castiel to stop. He’s heard all this within their first session.
“I don’t understand that reference,” he said in confusion, trying to understand what she was talking about.
They hoisted Dean out of the tiny run-down boat, Gabriel helping him to sit as he explained how he escaped. How the dragon carried him, getting caught in a storm. The storm spooking the dragon enough to crash against the cliffs. There were shipwrecks all around, and Dean managed to find the boat.
Weeks of searching, he found the beasts layer, only to find his love had already perished. In a rage, the man slew the beast. Becoming known as the “Dragon Slayer”
Castiel made a victorious noise when he managed to clear away the stubborn mess. He climbed down off the counter, throwing the paper towels in the trash before turning, jumping slightly when he noticed Meg staring at him. She was leaning on the countertop, cheek resting in the palm of her hand, giving him an expectant look.
“Dean, I am a sex therapist. Terms like climax, coitus, and intercourse will come up a couple of dozen time during a session,”
"The man wasn't gonna end the purge. If he had managed to survive this Purge, he'd have died during the next."
Everyone dug into their meals, a broth with meat and a slice of bread. Paired with a cup of wine. Dean wasn’t much of a wine drinker, ale being the better of the two because there was nothing else to drink.
He fell forward onto his hands, fingers burying into the ground as he used it to ground himself. This, he glanced up, this shouldn’t have happened.
Despite all of this, the man was a fake. Dean will never forgive his father for the things he put Dean through. The most prominent memory, something Dean wished he could lock away forever still appeared to terrorize him at night in his dreams. Innocent brown eyes begging Dean to help him. Declaring he would leave and never contact Dean again if he could walk away with his life.
The man, Crowley, was standing at the edge of the table as the bartender poured a variety of beverages to fellow patrons.
“I tried!” He felt a powerful burst of energy beside him, Dean braced himself with both arms up against the impact from the surge of his brother’s strike. The force had knocked Dean off balance but was able to recover his footing to prepare for a second hit. “I began to lose hope the more I saw how oblivious you were to everything.”
He watched him move quickly to the piece of furniture without complaint, tearing the wrapper and sliding the condom on.
“He’s awake, which means the transition was a success,” she started slowly, barely flinching when those glowing blue eyes landed on her. “He just needs a little more time to acclimate himself.”
“I don’t think you’ve earned it yet,” Castiel teased after breaking the kiss, firmly holding the man's hips with both hands to prevent him from moving, a small whine of protest followed.
“Quit your wallowing and tell him he has to go so we can give him the boot.” Bobby’s voice cut through his thoughts. Snapping out of it, like he was on autopilot, Dean stood up and walked out of the room.
If she knew who he was, she didn’t show it with her tray held against her body with both hands as she smiled at his group.
Raising a brow, he could see that the dots of the character typing but the screen changed to white, the blue bubbles popping up.
“Off to bed, both of you,” Bobby murmured just loud enough as if cueing up the conversations between the soldiers and councilmen that were listening in.
The Dragon huffed, shaking its head, puffing its chest out with its wings twitching at the sudden change of events.
Looking out the window, the buildings became less and less, more trees became visible. Ahead of them, Castiel could make out a thin glow above the trees not too far ahead.
There was silence except for the heaving breathing between the two. It was like time froze, the two stuck in that position. Who was gonna move first?
He could hear the crowd going nuts through the cement walls. The Boo’s and Cheer’s as the spectacle going down before them. He rolled his neck and started rocking from one foot to the other.
“I don’t know what you’re talking about,” he argued with the disembodied voice, shifting forward, hands on either side of the tub to stand up. Water be damned as it sloshed everywhere at the abruptness. He grabbed a towel.
“I-I’m not.” Castiel tried in between trying to take in some air and trying to claw at the man's hand.
His first encounter with a male client had resulted in some serious pain. Even though the guy had apologized profusely, despite being gentle as hell, it still hurt.
Clenching his fists and plopping himself in his seat once again he mumbled something under his breath.
Eventually, the beast quieted, the image of the dragon fading into the darkness, its red eyes staring menacingly at him.
In between all of this Castiel barely heard the soft knock on the window. He glanced down at his watch and noticed he had five minutes left.
Dean backed up when Castiel took a step forward out of fear, his eyes turning a deeper shade of red.
The voice was deep, like gravel roads as it whispered words into his ear, his body shuttering as it remembered.
After all their time together, Castiel still couldn't say it. But Dean always knew what he wanted, giving him that knowing smile before turning around. He had to calm his racing heart as Dean put himself on display by crawling onto the bed, leaning forward to rest on his elbows with his ass in the air, his hole tempting him to come closer. He had no quarrels about what he was about to do next or any of the other times they’ve done this. Dean was always clean. Unlike those broads in the downtown area, he's had to deal with.
Castiel felt the spark of anger at the comment, he had done his best to avoid those situations. Claiming he was sick, had a big test to study for, anything to avoid having to deal with Eldon and his brothers trying to get their rocks off. He wanted to speak up, to say something, his clenching fisting in his lap, his mouth opening to say something but was interrupted by a chuckle above him.
Dean opened his eyes, his brow creasing in irritation. He turned his entire body towards the person responsible. Amongst the three other people in the room, the closest one had their gun out, a shocked expression on his face.
Over time, he has gotten to know the guy. Being the one to send over the right waiters to oversee the tables Dean and his guests sit at, to eventually over watching the table himself, per Dean’s request.
“All you have to do...is to give yourself...over to me,” each pause, the hands roaming his chest slid lower and lower.
Gripping the cards in his pocket as he left the coffee shop, he fumbled for his keys to unlock the door, sliding along the leather seat to start the car.
“Not yet, it’s gotten a little complicated,” was all he said, remembering that he had placed his phone in his coat pocket that he left in the back. On purpose.
“What happened?” Meg questioned in concern, pointing towards the nasty-looking cut on Dean’s reaching hand. Pausing as he went to take a sip, changing to use his other hand, Dean glanced down at the scar of his other.
"You damage him, you deal with the boss' consequences, Boris," remarked the fourth, their voice smooth as they held the vase to their chest.
“He’s manipulating you, Dean!” Sam’s voice echoed through the throne room. Looking around, Dean realized that dust should have cleared by now. Sam must have done something to create the smokescreen.
Dean bit his lip as he watched his brother leave, wondering what it was she needed from Sam and not him. He watched the two leave, Dean was glad that he no longer needed supervision. It had been weeks until his Father finally relented. He’s been relatively well-behaved, hasn’t done anything stupid in the last...hour.
“That's the kind of thing a coward would say.” He tightened the rope as much as possible around the rock he found, something that will hold when he threw it high enough to hook around something.
“Take him away,” He heard Michael say, Dean’s head lowering slightly, his the creeping feeling of rejection settling in.
“I already know this.” Blood running cold, heart dropping to his stomach, Dean turned his attention to the gun still being held lazily in the owners’ hand. “I’ll…give you another shot. No pun intended.” The corner lip tugging upwards in a cruel smirk.
Light grey skin, horns protruding from his head, long black hair with dark blue eyes staring at him lustfully. Dean felt the creature shifting its hips around, moaning at the feeling of Dean’s hard-on straining in his pants.
The female cop who questioned Dean was kind, her blonde hair was swept up in a pristine bun as she took notes of the incident.
The man’s hips stuttered behind him, Castiel humming when he could feel the man’s cock throb inside him as he panted in between each spurt.
‘Well that’s uneventful,’ Castiel thought to himself, clicking the same button several more times. Water, Medicinal plants, and other food items.
“Cas, what are you doing here,” the man asked, looking out into the hallway before silently shutting the door and locking it.
"That's it," Dean said in a hushed voice, his hips starting up their thrusting movement. "Just a little louder,"
The man's terrified face looked from the flames at Dean once again before closing their eyes. When they opened again, Dean nearly took a step back when the iris that were once blue were now pitch black.
Off to the left was a zig-zag line going into a house, a sign off to the side of the door saying "Meet Santa,"
Castiel shifted away from Anna’s hand to move around and disappeared into what Dean assumed was the back kitchen area.
Coming to the first window, he peered inside. Nothing but pews. Walking to the next one, the same thing. It wasn't until he reached the last window did he see something.
Castiel let his eyes shift over to Dean, a chance he would take since Eldon wasn't looking directly at him. Dean's face was blank, elbows and hands uncrossed on the table in a display of truce.
“I didn’t hear you,” he said, bringing his hands up to grab Dean's hips, thrusting himself slowly, teasingly along Dean’s ass.
It’s a lie. He wasn’t straight. His father is dead, he doesn’t need to put up with this facade any longer. A knot tightened in his stomach at the mental declaration, the man is dead. There’s no way he can just resurrect himself from the dead, there's no such thing as the supernatural.
“Now right,” And so on til Dean grabbed Cas to halt him, grabbing the closest door. Pushing Cas in, Dean followed suit after looking around.
“Oh, that’s a shame. I’m a delight at parties.” Eldon quipped back, grabbing at Castiel’s chin to make eye contact with him. “The deal still stands. I won’t kill my beloved plaything in exchange for you to leave this territory and never look back.”
This speakeasy was a little more...eccentric. Past the restaurant facade through a bookshelf in the corner, you walk to the end of the hallway and down a few flights of stairs to the bee’s knees of speakeasies. Not only can you get alcohol, but there are other things you can get if you know how to ask.
“Enough,” came the cool words of the third, the one sitting at the edge of the fire with the fourth person who hadn’t yet spoken.
“No,” the man said again, firmer as he kept Dean’s hand at bay. “Listen, Dean,” he paused to cough again. “Don’t go blamin’ John for this.”
“Now, if there's no sign - what does that mean? It means she is no longer alive. Do you understand? Turn the ship around. We're going home.”
Castiel was studying. Emphasis on "was" as he had found himself staring out the window on this bright and sunny day, watching people pass with a number 2 pencil dangling from his mouth. His thoughts were very far, his schoolwork just laying on the table as his mind continued to frolic in la-la land.
Castiel couldn’t control himself when he looked up, wincing in pain when he felt a slap to the back of his head.
“How did he die?” The tavern wench shouted above the noise to the man after he graciously accepted a tankard to chug down.
Dean's thoughts changed direction on him. Back to the night, he was supposed to meet that office bigwig. The guy had been such an asshole.
In a way, Dean felt foolish. How was he to be King if he wasn’t aware of what’s going on around him?
“Our lineage goes back to the start of the First King, on Father’s side,” Emphasizing his point by flipping the rather large tome to show an extremely detailed art of said lineage.
Nodding at the word, Castiel moved behind him, kneeling to take in the site. Surprised at how smooth and hairless the man was. He was going to say something about it but decided that’d be for another day.
But throughout the tavern dwellers, there sat one man among them all who sat calmly, sipping from his chalice. His men were gathered around him, quietly whispering to one another over frivolous things as if the news didn’t bother them one bit.
So now Dean is sitting at his dining room table, all four cards sitting before him. All looking similar, black, holographic looking with the same address, except each one, had a single letter in the bottom right corner.
“Gotta know my history,” Dean answered, winking at his younger sibling as he flipped through the pages. “You know, future King and all.”
“You drive a pimp mobile?” Dean said in disbelief, a huge grin on his face. “What color is it?” Castiel rubbed a hand over his face at the question, looking up and down at the cars that lined the street.
“Yes,” he said reluctantly, the words muffled by the pillow but Castiel heard it either way. Nodding his head at the breakthrough, he continued.
“Well...My mother used to speak of Angel’s and how they’d watch over me.” Dean started while placing the rope on the floor to stand. “Her favorite was Castiel”
“It’s ok, Dean,” Sam called out, a small smile on his face. “We got this covered. Why don’t you go take a nap or something? You got some heavy bags forming,”
Without any instruction, Dean understood what Castiel wanted as he pushed one finger. Panting and gasping as he eagerly added another, Castiel watched the display as he removed his pants,  kicking them off as he undid his tie and began unbuttoning his shirt. He coated himself with his saliva just as Dean added a third, watching the man struggle slightly with the angle.
“Besides,” Dean continued, standing up to cross the distance between the two so he could pat his brother on the shoulder. “Having a night out with your older brother will do
A groan in front of him snapped Dean back to the man before him. Cas’s eyes were closed, a hand coming up to hold his nose.
“Are you here all by yourself?” the bartender questioned as he poured the contents of the bottle into the glass before replacing it back under the bar.
“Cas-can’t-gonna-” Was all Castiel heard before letting go, a shuddering breath from Dean, but he didn’t cum.
Dean walked closely beside Castiel as he fumbled slightly up the steps, the awkward silence in the elevator up to the fourth floor, and taking forever to find the right key for the door.
Alpha Omega Meets were just that: a designated spot where upper-class alphas and omegas met and found their mates. Alphas showed up whenever they felt they wanted to find an omega to mate (or when family pressured them into attending), and omegas were brought to the event when they reached the appropriate age. For centuries this meant after the omega had their first heat, which averaged from twelve to fourteen years of age. In the last century, society had finally figured out that omegas bred that young (even though they were more fertile than betas) were more prone to die in childbirth and their children had a lower rate of survival. So it was decided that omegas were “ready" to be mated at least four years after their first heat, or seventeen at the earliest.
“I just didn’t want to assume that it was something that you would want.” The omega was still feeling awkward about the whole thing.
Having gotten lost in his own thoughts, he was surprised when Dean’s hand in his brought him to a stop in front of the prettiest little cottage he had ever seen. The first thought that came to mind was ‘home.’ The cottage was a pale blue with white accents. The steps leading to the front porch were wide enough that he and Dean could walk up together with Emmie and future pups between them. At the top of the stairs were double glass panel doors with large windows on either side, letting him look inside to see how cozy it looked. Plants, flowers, and herbs were in pots hanging, as well as sitting on the small tables set around the outdoor furniture.
He could smell how the words made his mate feel. Cas still had his face in Dean’s neck, just taking in his scent. His alpha was now contentedly purring to his omega, and there was no way he could have stopped himself. Apparently, his alpha was close to the surface, and it felt wonderful hearing Cas’ answering purr.
Silence. He peered from behind his feathered shield and saw Alistair on the ground with Dean's blade sticking out of his neck.
This chapter was supposed to be the Mating smut with some very specific 'things' happening, but I caught "feelings", so Michelle...the smut is in the next chapter <3
"No! I mean no, you don't have to change anything for me. I love you just the way you are and it makes me happy that you want to take the time to feed, clean, and play with our pup." Dean kissed him again on the nose just to see him go crossed eyed trying to watch. When he snickered Cas pushed him away by placing his hand on Dean's face. "Go wash our pup but come back soon, Alpha."
Dean helped his mate up and kept his hand in his, as four of them walked through the hall to the exit door on the other side of the room. Once inside the waiting room, Sam led them to a couch outside Michael’s office. Dean sat next to Castiel and was thrilled that his omega leaned over to place his nose in Dean’s neck. He could tell from the ‘happy omega’ scent coming from him that he was taking comfort from Dean’s scent, which meant that Castiel was, in turn, smelling happy, aroused Alpha.
happened in the past. You are so strong, Honey, and you’ve carried this for so long, please let me help you in the only way I can.” He rubbed soft circles on his hip bones to soothe the omega.
Cas was surprised when everyone around him began going wild. Clapping, banging on the table, whistling. They all started chanting the name Dean. The Alpha must be something to get this kind of reaction. He was going to have to wait to find 'his Alpha' when this dance was over. There was no way he could do anything with this commotion going on.
Cas let his hand fall away from his cock as he looked at his gorgeous alpha bare his neck to him. He trailed his fingers along Dean’s neck as he let his nose lead him to the perfect spot. He whimpered when he could smell the alpha’s scent get deeper with desire and anticipation. Giving one little kiss, he then bit his alpha, and the pheromones and emotions flooded anew through his system.
“Now it is time for Castiel to place his bite on his alpha. I see that his hand has marked you, Dean, but you need to place your bite on his neck, Castiel.”
When he heard Dean ask permission to claim him, he could feel the slick soak through his underwear and pants. He was nervous, but he was ready to be claimed by his alpha. Breaking eye contact, he let his eyes roam over Dean's body. He had such beautiful ink over his muscles, and while he wanted to spend hours tracing them with his fingers (no, with his tongue!), right now what he really wanted was in those obviously tented jeans.
Walking in the pink-on-pink room he spotted her little diapered butt up in the air swaying side to side as she hummed to herself. She loved it when Dean sang to her and had begun to hum along. He tip-toed closer after noticing that her head was faced towards the wall, he wanted to just enjoy the moment. It sounded as if she was trying to hum "Angel" by Aerosmith, one of his favorites to sing to her. Pulling out his phone, he opened the video app and began recording her knowing that Cas would love to see this. After a few moments Emmie turned to face him, her face breaking out in a huge smile as she whispered, "Da!"
He kissed the back of Cas' hand while winking at his brother, letting the Beta know he could take the teasing.
"Hmm...a bit. I think I'll be able to eat, if Bobby ever gets the burgers on the grill!" Cas was yelling by the end of it, smirking as Bobby turned to salute him and jog over to check the grill.
I Bless you, that, in the name of our Father, your union may enjoy love, tenderness, devotion, and the birth of many fledglings.
“You’ve never been with anyone?” The thought had his alpha pacing back and forth, wanting to burst forward and Claim His Mate.
It only took a moment, and then the crawling sensation was over. Dean looked down at their soulmarks and smiled. There were black beads around their wrists, almost like rosary beads, and attached was a large outline of a feather. The watercolors were soft marks of yellow, pink, purple, and a few shades of blue within the design of small birds and soft smudges. It was gorgeous and it meant that he was Cas’.
“Alright, it’s a few hours to my home, and I don’t think either of us really want that. We could go to a hotel?”
“Oh! Nothing really, I'm just not sure what all I should bring this trip.” He was folding some shirts and stuffing them in a large duffle bag.
Cas walked into the living room holding his sister by the hand. When they stood before Dean, Cas hefted the puppybag on his shoulder before kissing her cheek.
Panicked omega permeated the air, and Cas’ hand now had a vice-grip on him. “WHAT! HOW DO YOU KNOW HIM?!? NO, WHY???”
Cas hadn't realized when he was drinking his morning coffee that he would be dead by nightfall. He had been thinking that he was in need of some time away from his annoying older brother, just not permanently. His morning had started just like every other morning had for the last 10 years.
"Alright, alright. You guessed it. For the first time in his history of dancing, Alpha Dean is going to pick someone to come on stage for him to dance for, on, what have you."
Five Angels. Five Angels had to watch him bathe. When he and Gabriel arrived at Alistair's office, it was to find even that man intimidated by the quiet Angels. One Angel stepped forward to hand Cas a scroll that told him he was to bathe in the healing waters that they had provided. Another Angel opened the door to show that they had installed a tub in the next office. Cas walked over and realized that the Angels were following him.
Cas ran down the hallway towards the dungeon (definitely not where he wanted to be caught!), making sure that he occasionally touched his primed fingers to the wall, spreading the scent of his slick. He was so turned on running around the bunker. His cock was so hard, he had to hold onto it to keep it from swingin’ around as he ran. He took a lap around, going through the kitchen and the war room, leaving an aromatic trail. Just as he started jogging through the library on his way back to the bedroom, he heard Dean howl in sadness. He stopped abruptly, then took two tentative steps towards the entrance. When he heard Dean roar, Cas jumped to the balls of his feet and quickly ran to hide.
He stood still like only an angel could, while he let his eyes roam over the human omegas in the room. There were male, female, short, tall, skinny, fat, blonde, brunette, red, and raven-haired omegas in the room. Sam counted over hundreds of omegas standing around with looks of disbelief on their faces.
“Here, cuddle this lil’ bug. Dean’s on his way over and I believe you two need to leave soon. I don’t want you to worry about her, Cas. She will be well cared for and Dean can call when you have a few moments of peace, so you can see her.”
“Dean, baby. It’s alright.” He loved the feeling of Cas’ fingers stroking through his hair and lightly scratching his scalp with his nails. Damn, that could make him purr for sure.
“I get it, I do. I’m right there with you, and if someone had tracked Jess?? No doubt, I'd be after blood. We do this, then I was thinking that Charlie and I will go to a motel for a couple of days. Give you guys time to mate, take care of Cas’ heat. Ya' know, just be alone for a bit.”
Cas hid behind the feathers again because his mate had warned him that since he wasn't an angel, he shouldn’t look at Dean’s eyes when he confronted Alistair. He was really curious about how he would become an angel (and he really looked forward to seeing how it would work with Emmie changing into an angel) but at the moment he was having more carnal thoughts. Dean’s wings (besides being the most sensual things he had ever seen) were saturated with his alpha’s scent and it was causing his heat to come faster than he had expected. Perhaps he shouldn’t have stood where he was being bombarded by the scent that was literally made to cause him to feel loved, appreciated, and wanting to be bred by his alpha. Crap.
"Gabriel, there is no way to stop this. You learned the same things I did in history classes. I need to get some things in order."
“Yes, that is not the reason I am upset. It is not your problem, Alpha. As soon as this ceremony is over I will go home and take care of…well, what is upsetting us.”
“No way, stretch! I’m just here to make sure my brother doesn’t get murdered! Why would I want a single alpha when I can play the field? You would look good on my field, if you know what I mean.” He shook his eyebrows suggestively.
“I love you, Dean, so much. I can’t wait to wear your mark.” He couldn’t resist how damn sweet his omega was, and leaned forward to kiss the tip of his nose, laughing when he went crossed eyed trying to keep his eyes on Dean.
There was a blur of bodies as the doomed man jumped towards Dean, and Cas held his breath til it was over. It only took seconds, but finally the camera showed only two alphas alive, and Dean reaching for his phone.
“I was attacked by a demon?!? What about Emmie?” Cas hated the weak way that he sounded when he asked about their pup.
He leaned forward to lay his lips on his alpha’s. Just a chaste claiming. Like he had kissed him a million plus one times. As if he had already gotten to taste his Soulmate every day, for years and years. Cas was aware that there had been many, angry glares thrown at him as soon as his Alpha prowled up to him, and he had sat down in Dean’s lap.
Remember to never ask your mate to be more than who they are, to have patience with each other, and to love and forgive each other.
Wrapping Cas’ legs around his waist he leaned on one arm, and took his cock in the other to guide himself to his mate's entrance. Locking eyes with him, he waited until the omega nodded before looking down to watch, as the tip of the head breeched his rim. Shit! He didn’t know if he was gonna make it. Cas was hot, tight, and wet, making him feel as if he was being squeezed in a vice, a beautiful, seductive, sensual vice.
"Yeah, I'm more than ready. I hope that my Omega is here today. I don't think I could take it if I had to wait another century or so for the next ceremony."
Well, crap on a cracker. The angel (Was he still? He's an omega, so…?) passed out in her lap again. She pulled herself out from under him to get him some water to help cool him down. As she looked at the clock, she figured she still had time to call the boys. The large vamp nest that Garth asked them to take care of would soon be the target of the Winchesters.
He knew had a few dances lined up, so he swiped the towel through his hair one last time before he made himself walk back out the room full of Betas and Omegas that were waiting for him.
Dean felt the shock when their hands touched skin at the same time. Their heads flew back, jaws dropped, and their eyes slammed shut as their marks were created on their arms. It didn’t hurt like he thought it would, but there was a shock, and then it almost felt as if there were ants crawling on his skin. He held on to Cas tight with the arm not being marked for comfort.
Being so lost in his thoughts of rubbing, he squeaked out in surprise when he was picked up and thrown over said Alpha's shoulder. He realized the position gave him the opportunity to rub his hands on the man's back. His glorious muscled naked back, so he did. He felt Dean climb on the stage after he had carried him from his table. As he slid him down, he could feel the Alpha shake as Cas kept his hands on his arms. He wanted desperately to rub Dean's chest but he was afraid he would rub over his heart and he didn't want his mark to show up while on stage in a club.
Cas could smell his mate behind him, and heard him playing peek-a-boo with Emmie,  so he did what everyone else had done, he tossed her in the air trusting that Dean would catch their pup (prayed), and he did.
“What? Thrown from Heaven?!? How, what...Charlie. Angels don’t have genders and this really is not the time to be messing with my head.”
Charlie heard the pounding on the door and she fell out of her chair in surprise. No one should be here with the boys being in Vermont, neck deep in vamps. She grabbed her gun and stealthily moved up the stairs to the door, and snorted when she realized that she was being ridiculous, because whoever is here can’t see her. When she got to the door, she heard an omega whimpering. She could actually smell their distress through the door.
“Yes. He is one of the lucky ones that has been deemed ready to find their mate. He’s really nervous, but I know how much he hopes to find his omega. He is a good angel, a good alpha, and he believes in Truemates. Since Michael informed him that he could stand during this ceremony, all Dean has done is try to get his home ready. He wanted it to meet all of his omega’s needs.”
“Mother! Thank you.” He gently removed his parent from his mate, and said mate looked extremely grateful.
Dean carefully scooted down the bed to get his face even with the sleeping man’s stomach, leaving his fingers just on his butt crack, and blew a loud, wet raspberry on the happy trail he found.
“Yes, Dean.” He walked over to the table to get the menu, so he didn’t see the panic on his alpha’s face with his next statement.
He couldn’t take much more and he needed to feel more drag, so he slowly slid his cock out til just his large head was inside the stretched rim of his mate. Dean looked up into Cas’ blue eyes, threw him a wink and smirked, and slammed back inside.
Cas had refused to let Charlie turn off the cameras, although he agreed to stop recording what was going on. Both omegas wanted to make sure that their family was going to be alright.
"Hiya, Sweetheart." Kissing his omega's temple, he could smell just a hint of their new pup on the way.
Dean felt like a creeper cuddled up to Cas, just watching as whatever the omega was dreaming about played across his face. It seemed to be a good dream since there was a sweet smile on his face along with the adorable crinkles at the edge of his eyes. He had been awake for a few hours just looking at his mate with wonder, so happy that they were about to have another pup. Speaking of pups, he heard Emmie beginning to move around in her crib so he slowly eased his way from their bed to go to her.
“I am honored to be Alpha to your pup and I will claim her right here and now, if you will allow it.”
“She’s my best friend from puppyhood. She's an omega who mated another omega. I would ask her to carry a pup for us. If she and Jo ever decide to have a pup I told her, if it was alright with my omega, I would help them.”
"Dead serious, love. I'm going to take you to see some live Alphas in the flesh. I bet they line up wanting to impress you as soon as they spy you."
“You do make me feel good, Omega. Sometimes you just look at me and it’s all I can do to keep from coming in my pants, and now that I can have you?!? Fuck, Baby. I could live the rest of my life buried inside your heat.” Cas groaned as his alpha entered him slowly but steadily as he spoke.
"Michael knows what he's doing, Sammy, have faith." He was patting the younger alpha on the back when he heard Emmie squeal. Turning, he watched as Emmie's eyes (along with Gabe's) grew huge at seeing the bouncy castle.
“Dean? Who is it? Someone you recognize, obviously. Tell me, Omega.” The prince deeply desired to know who had captured his omega's notice.
"Ladies and Gentlemen. We are going to witness history in the making once again tonight. Relax, enjoy, and please remember no touching, other than what the Alphas encourage...just look. Now, I present to you The Alpha Review."
“He refuses to use the dildo I bought for him. I’m having a hard time keeping him hydrated and he’s only eating a bit here and there. But I promise, I'm doing the best I can.”
Dean held his hand as he walked Cas back to his table pulling out his chair for him. He could see the teasing smile that his brother was giving them both.
He could smell the worry on his mate and it was not pleasant. He cupped his hand around Cas’ neck to rub against his mating bite. Immediately, the omega’s scent calmed.
Sitting back on Dean’s knees so he could look at his pretty face (he was a goner), he wiped his tears away. He leaned forward to kiss those lips (he could write a sonnet about those lips, but maybe later).
“Fuck me, Alpha. Fuck me, knot me and bite me! Please!” He heard Dean swallow hard when he began stroking his own cock. Those beautiful green eyes were locked on to his movements.
Dean had been called Alpha before by others. Sometimes in passion and some with a challenge in their voice but never had he heard *his* Omega call him Alpha. Fuck. It was hot and it caused Dean to let out a rumbling purr deep from his chest. Immediately he heard an answering purr from Cas who was looking at him with Dean's own shock mirrored in his eyes.
In his fantasy, he pictured Cas as his omega, getting to slide his cock into his hot, wet hole, hell, he had even pictured Cas fucking him. But he had kept his love and desire for the angel under wraps, or so he thought. Dean knew he shouldn’t be surprised that Sam had figured it out. He sat up from trying to sleep.
Cas took a few minutes alone (with his Gatorade and Emmie, of course) to walk through the cottage. His alpha had done a wonderful job making a nest with which any omega would be thrilled. In the living room there was a large sectional (lots of pillows and blankets too) across from the biggest television he had ever seen, and Gabe was asking Dean where he could get one for himself. He decided to follow his nose to the main nest (he could smell his alpha’s scent coming down the hallway so strongly), what with his heat starting and all.
“Hey there, babygirl. Look at those pretty wings! Aren’t they precious, Cas?” He could see, as well as smell, Dean’s nervousness as Cas stood there with his jaw on the floor.
“Lord Winchester, if you say another word disrespecting my mate, I will pummel you into the ground and send home your broken body.
“Wow,” Sam remarked, “that’s a bit much for just smelling an omega in heat.” Dean was actually proud of the snarl coming from Sam’s chest at that moment.
He was a horny bastard, or so Bal told him after yelling at him for screaming every time he jerked off or fingered himself.
“Of course, Hon. Here. Actually I just programmed this old phone of mine for you and set up service. You can call or text Dean anytime. Alright?”
Sitting on the back patio swing was one of Dean's favorite activities, especially on Saturday afternoons when his whole family was there. This weekend though, Sammy and Gabriel were missing from Family Fun Day festivities, but that couldn't be helped since the pair was on their Mating-Moon. Sammy had to go through a year of training for his 'top secret' job before Michael would okay their mating, and Gabriel had to go through Omega School since he was so young in the Sire's eyes. The omega hated it until he made some friends and turned them into tricksters, too.
He couldn't hear what Alistair said in response as his body was being pulled into his new dimension. He had a moment of blind fear thinking that he may be only minutes from death. This was the last time he would see his brother's face. Why was his face getting closer?
Walking down the stairs, he caught sight of the shirt and lifted it to his nose, and let off a growl at the scent of the omega’s slick. He lifted his head to scent the air, trying to determine which way his mate had gone. Dropping the garment, he continued down the hall, towards the bedrooms and took a minute to stop at his own doorway.
“Understood. I have a younger brother who is an omega and I would feel the same way. I live in Lebanon and my main job is working on the restoration of classic cars. Very soon, I will be buying out the business from my uncle. I'm also helping my brother through school, and he stays with me when classes aren’t in session.”
He began swaying her a bit, knowing that it wouldn't take much for her to fall asleep since she really had cried for quite a while earlier. Dean decided that with the next pup they should have Mary just take them to her nest until the pup was born. He used a bit of angel mojo to grab her pacifier from her crib and, as soon as he had it in hand, popped it in her mouth. Dean began humming "Hey Jude" as he continued to sway her, both of them keeping their eyes on Cas and CJ. He pushed out the thought that it was time for some sleep himself, since it was going to take more than a few minutes for everyone to get in one last hug or kiss. And then it was just him, Cas, and their pups.
"I'm sorry about that, I am. He has to catch a plane tomorrow to arrive on his next job on time. I'm glad that you two are going out tonight. Have you decided where you are going? Make sure he doesn't want to do anything too crazy. You aren’t like him, dear."
"Look, Emmie, this is your brudder." He purposefully used the pronunciation of brother that he used when he was younger, causing Sam to look up from the pup with tears in his eyes.
Cas couldn’t keep the tears from rushing down his cheeks. His alpha was such a good man. He couldn’t wait to mate with him and begin their lives together.
He wrapped his wings around his omega and settled back to watch Emmie and CJ trying to push Michael on the swings. "Well, hearing you say, 'You're the one I want', was the start of my
“Oh, Cas. If I were still human, I would lie and say he was too busy to come. However, I will never lie to you. My mate is an asshole. Since the boys were pups he has trained them to be soldiers, often putting them up against each other to fight. He did so against my and Michael’s wishes. John only got away with it because Michael was distracted by the war, but once it was over (at least for the time being) and he realized what John was up to, well, he punished him. He also informed me, so I was able to get my sons back to being brothers.” She stopped to accept the beer that Alfie appeared with for them.
“Who will watch her while we are in rut and heat? I don’t want her to be separated from us, not when I just got you both. She doesn’t have a nursery in our nest. I didn’t know or I would have fixed one up for her, I swear!”
He stripped off his clothes before pulling the robe over his head. It was the only thing he was allowed to wear to the ritual. It was the softest thing he had ever felt against his skin including when he and Sammy used to go skinny dipping in the clouds when they were youths. The robe was as white as clouds to announce to the Omegas that he was pure, with a dark green band around the bottom showing he would be a Virtue with his specialty being the seasons of the Earth.
Clearly the alpha did not see the very obvious bite mark on Dean's neck. His father was about to be severely disappointed.
He pointed his tongue, prodding just inside to tease his omega. Slowly, he pushed in and out and gloried in the loud moan he elicited. His tongue kept stretching him open and driving his omega crazy.
“All I have to do is place a finger on your forehead. You would still remember but your fear would be gone. It will happen when you become an angel, but I can hurry it along a bit, if you want.” he pushed out his scent a bit more knowing it would help calm the omega.
"Hey! I liked that jacket, it had lots of pockets. What am I supposed to wear since you disintegrated my clothes?"
"Oh, fuck! Sorry, guys. O.K., you split the money, just hold on to mine for me. Can one of you guys get him home? I...I don't know what's gonna happen tonight other than the fact that my omega wants to get to know me, and that's the best feeling in this fucked-up world that I never thought I'd find."
While Dean was happy that he would no longer have to jump every time his Dad spoke, he was worried that John would be that much harder on Sam. There was only so much John could get away with before their Mom, Mary, would step in and put him in his place, but he always found ways to put down his sons. When Mary was busy with her Cherub duties, John would work his sons til they dropped. He trained them hard telling them that they would be warriors in the apocalypse no matter what type angel Michael decreed them to be.
Cas had twenty minutes left before he had to walk to Alistair's office to turn himself in. He did not want him to send his men after him, they were known to be destructive in their attempts to get people to go with them. He had made a quick will leaving everything to his brother. Their friend Balt, helped them out with the wording on the will. He was still sniffling, Gabe was blowing his nose, and Balt was drinking his espresso with tears pouring down his cheeks.
“Well, it’s just that you, Sam, Michael, and everyone that’s here has accepted Emmie and me without reservations or question. Someone is missing though, and I wondered if it was purposefully, or is your Mate avoiding what is a day of celebration?” He tried (and failed) to keep his voice and scent neutral but he had to know what he was up against regarding John Winchester.
Just then, the last of the intruders turned towards the woods to see Sam jogging out, looking as if he had spilled red paint down one whole side of his body. Cas couldn’t keep the whine from escaping his throat at the thought that his friend and brother was hurt.
Dean was awakened when the drapes were drawn and the sun filled the room. He groaned and put his pillow over his head.
He chased Cas around the maze of hallways and corridors, until he turned toward his bedroom again. As soon as they got close enough, he made his move. Swinging one arm forward, he wrapped it around Cas’ middle bringing them to an abrupt stop at the doorway to their room. “Gotcha!”
"I'm just very tired, hungry and tired," he grumped with a smile on his face as he gazed into Dean's eyes while taking Emmie in his arms to cuddle her.
“Well, when I go through a rut it goes down in about 15 minutes. Now, however, I don’t know how long it’ll take. I’ve never knotted anyone before.”
He came back to himself when he realized he was staring at the short omega’s ass and the other omega was glaring at him.
Charlie threw open the door and the angel fell into her arms. He was burning up and slumped, unconscious. Oh, crap. Next thing she knew she was on the floor with a six-foot dude in her lap.
They worked like a well-oiled machine until there was no one left but for Alistair, the Senator of their district.  Cas was surprised to see him here since he kept hearing that Alistair's wife was trying to keep her own bakery open with not a lot of success, which she blamed on Cas's store.
“No. Charlie, you’re our sister, Cas is my brother and he’s Dean’s mate. There won’t be anything left of them to prosecute,” Sam growled in response.
“If you want any breakfast before you leave, you’d best hurry up. You do not want to be late.” Keeping his father waiting never turned out well.
"Hey, Sweetheart, you alright?" He stepped into Cas' personal space, letting Emmie give him kisses while murmuring 'Mm...mmm...Da'.
Cas had his mouth stretched tight around Dean’s cock and he couldn’t get over how much he liked it. He liked the salty, earthy taste of his skin, and how something so soft could cover something so hard. He tried dragging the tip of his tongue across the head and felt Dean’s body jump in response. He could tell it was good by his mate’s scent, which was quite strong in his current location. He only got to bob his head a few times to see how much of Dean’s cock he could fit in his mouth, when he was being flipped around again. Whee!
The vision of this alpha defiantly glowering at everyone in the sun had the omega stupefied. He was perfect and glorious, but the sight became even better when the challengers stepped up and he proceeded to take them down, one after another. Castiel was efficient, graceful and brutal. He didn't waste any time before each opposing alpha cried, “Yield!” The prince was surprisingly talented.
Dean felt their bond cement deep in his soul. He didn’t know that he could be this happy, and he was amazed that he could feel his mate’s happiness, as well as some anxiousness.
"Oh, now, Emmie," he whined as she began rubbing the plums on his chest after he had removed his shirt in an effort to save it. He side eyed his omega hearing him snorting in laughter.
He gazed out the window for a minute collecting his thoughts, before he turned in the seat to face his brother. Dean wanted to see his face. He didn’t think his brother would lie to him, but he needed to be absolutely sure that Sam was alright with this.
When Gabriel sat down next to him Cas slid down so he could lay his head in his brother's lap. This was how they used to sit all the time when they were little. Gabriel was always keeping him out of trouble. He would sit and read to Cas for hours on hours to keep out of his step-mom's way. It was usually a good idea to keep her away from Cas.
"I changed this so that I could be close to you. I....I don't think I can walk away from you before we mate, Cas. We have so much to talk about, but I...."
I had marked this story at ending at chapter 3, but as I usually do I am now not sure how long this is gonna be because apparently the idjits are in control and not me.
Sam heard the commotion from behind him long before the door opened to admit the last omega. He went to open the door when it flew open, surprising him enough that he ended up sitting on his ass looking up at two very irate, male omegas.
He had his nose pressed right against Cas’ scent gland. He wanted to sink his teeth in his neck and taste his blood. He wanted to see his blood on the omega’s lips after he marked Dean. First, though, he needed to get Cas' shirt off.
The Meets started out as an ordinary social event, with music, food and drink while everyone mingled or danced. They were always held in late Spring due to the outside venue, where there was plenty of room. Because even though the gathering began in a perfectly congenial manner, the mood quickly changed the minute an alpha declared a claim.
He shifted from strong, measured pushes into Cas, to the slow, sexy grind of his hips that he used while dancing. It made his alpha wild to hear the whines from his omega, knowing that he was going to come again before Dean popped his knot.
She hugged him again. “You are most welcome. I'm gonna go work on making something for us to eat for dinner, and no arguments! You will eat or I'll tell Dean.”
“Yes, Dean. I’m just worried that I can’t make this good for you. I don’t have any experience, other than what I've done for myself.”
“Charlie gave me my own phone and some more water. I told her I would try to eat something with her shortly. I was going to try to rest for a few minutes, but...”
Cas' eyes immediately opened wide. “Ah! What the...Dean. Silly Alpha, what a way to wake me. Well, since you’re down there...”
“I want to wear your mark, again, too. This one won’t heal like the hand print did. I kinda always wished it had stayed around.” Cas looked down and started pulling on the hair at the back of Dean’s head. “What, Cas?”
Cas loved the sleek, black Chevy next to which Dean and he were standing. He ran his hand gently along her lines, treating her like the treasure she was, and he could smell that the Alpha was pleased with his reaction to her.
Cas followed Mary to her seat, sitting next to her and handing over Emmie to Mary’s own set of grabby hands. He huffed out a laugh at her antics but was soon distracted by the plate of delicious food set before him by a young man who gave him a sweet, shy smile.
Dean was tickled that, even not knowing exactly what was going on, he and his omega were equally ready to hear their vows and mate.
?” Even though he was standing in only his trousers (he could do whatever he wanted in his own home, but he was a prince, after all, so Dean assumed he had to maintain a little dignity), he still maintained his poise and reeked of dominance. It made the omega a little heady.
“I began working in my uncle's shop after school and fell in love with the classics. The reason why I started the Alpha Review was that I knew a few guys that could dance, and we all needed money for one reason or another. I've slowly been handing the reigns of operations for the review over to my best friend, Benny.”
“Wow. Uh...makes sense with our lifestyle. It's intense and, well, I’ve only been with Jess during hers. I can tell you that...”
“Crap on a cracker, Dean! He wants you to chase him. Go chase and claim your omega!” He watched as she opened the bunker door, only taking a split second to smile at her before roaring and running inside. He had an omega to claim!
“Dean?” The feel of his mate’s lips moving against his skin caused his whole body to roll up into Cas’.
Sam told his brother everything that he knew about his omega’s situation while he straightened Dean’s robes. He really hadn’t appreciated how much Dean’s life was about to change. When an alpha angel mated, it was common enough for the couple to spend several weeks in their nest away from everyone. Sam would miss his brother, since he was used to speaking to him several times a day.
“This backyard is amazing.  I can’t wait ‘til it’s full of pups playing, or flying around.” He laughed to himself. He was gonna have to get used to his pups flying!
Finally (it was only minutes, but his omega was in heat waiting for him!), he saw the water run clear. He turned it off and shook himself dry before putting on his emergency boxer-briefs from the trunk. As he walked back around the corner, he was just in time to see Charlie come out the door with four duffels, two laptops and a box of food that she was pushing on the ground with her foot. She was always an awesome multitasker.
His shoulders relaxed and he slowly walked forward. Oh, my, he was even more attractive up close. And smelled utterly delicious.
“Why are you so nervous, Cas?” he asked while securing his hands on the man’s hips. “I won’t do anything you don’t want, I will never hurt you, Omega. You know that, right?”
Bullseye. The omega's eyes flashed up for a moment, and the alpha caught a glimpse of a dimple. Oh, gods. He had dimples, too?
Her little “mmm...omma...mmm...omma’s” were the cutest things. Cas couldn’t wait until she actually could call him Momma (damn it, Gabe!). Plus, to hear her call Dean “Daddy” would just be the best thing ever. When he expressed that to Mary, she assured him it wouldn’t be much longer. Since she was now an angel she would be mentally developing in leaps and bounds, although she would grow normally in the physical sense. Michael wanted his family to enjoy being pups before they were full-fledged grown angels.
Once an alpha vocally “claimed" an omega, any alpha could challenge it. And since omegas were not as plentiful as betas (anyone wanting a beta just arranged it between the families), and were more desired as mates, it was almost guaranteed that there would be more than one alpha to come forward and challenge. All challenges were physical. Sometimes it was a free-for-all, where the alphas summarily jumped into one, large fight, and sometimes it was a tad more civilized, where the alphas would methodically pair off to determine a winner.
"Oh, my." He heard Cas murmur, and he watched as the omega walked over to sit on the other side of him, pulling Emmie into his arms and she immediately began grasping (and gasping) at the omega's wings.
His mate gave as good as he got, rocking back in perfect rhythm with his alpha. “Alpha! Alpha! Alpha!”
If Dean was lucky enough to have his mate step forward, he couldn't look at them until his Omega was standing in front of him. They had to the one to instruct the Alpha when he could look at his mate. When the Omega lifted his head to look at him the human would lay their claim on Dean by kneeling in front of his mother to thank her for giving the Omega such a blessing as her son.
Just as he went to reach for her, Michael released his hold on her as he whispered “Fly, little one.” and Emmie launched herself at her alpha Daddy who caught her with ease. She had wings! Their pup had the most fluffy-white wings. Oh, my word, he thought to himself. She was just precious.
He looked up to see Cas giving him what Sammy would call ‘heart-eyes’ so he brought himself up short and repeated his question of what was bothering Cas.
He let the smell of Cas’ heat scent wash over him. Oh, his room smelled amazing. Dean could barely keep from grabbing his cock and jerking off all over the bed. The blankets were pushed all together, making a nest on one side of the bed. Dean could see that the sheets were dirty with Cas’ come and slick. Fuck. He needed to get a move on and bring his omega back to their nest to claim him. His inner alpha was begging for him to get his omega’s scent all over him.
Cas was working with Hannah to pack Emmie’s puppybag, making sure to grab plenty of pacifiers while she folded some sleepers. He looked over his shoulder to watch his mate rocking their pup to sleep. Emmie was snuggled into his neck like she did to Cas. She would usually throw a fit if anyone else held her that way. She was secure in the arms of her Daddy and she knew it.
He found himself being held against the wall by his shoulders with his feet dangling in the air. He was quite impressed with his brother’s strength.
Cas was scared to death but so excited he was actually telling his brother to drive faster. The brother who had a record number of speeding tickets in his history. Bal had been known to pay thousands of dollars as well as untold hours of community service to the County Sheriff's office because of his speeding. He was continually lecturing him on being more careful, and telling him of the things that could go wrong, but tonight he was telling him to get a move on.
“Dean, I need to go check on him. You guys talk and I'll call you back in a few, and you can let me know what you’re gonna do.”
"G'morning, Blondie-Girl. Did you sleep well?" he asked while he scooped her up and tossed her in the air. Her giggles were the sound of pure joy and he couldn't get enough.
Dean stood with blood still dripping down his face, machete in hand, when he dialed Charlie’s number.
Luckily for Dean's bladder, stomach and behind, his father tended to pamper his mare, so the traveling party (the baron's body servant sat next to the carriage driver) took enough stops for a meal, water, stretching and necessary human things. And before he knew it, they had travelled most of the day and arrived at their destination.
Cas woke about an hour later, according to the clock on the bedside table. Lifting his head, he saw that Dean was still asleep. He didn’t think the man could get any better looking, but seeing him at rest was a sight to behold. While he couldn’t see the verdant eyes of his lover, he could still admire the long lashes that lay across his cheeks. It reminded him of his mom’s false lashes, but Dean’s were better.
Dean brought his hands down so he could run them down his sides, over his hips, and finally let then come to a rest on his thighs before he slowly, extremely slowly, swung his body down to sit on Cas' lap. Grabbing ahold of his knees he opened and closed his legs a few times loving the feel of Cas' thighs under him. He turned to look over his shoulder at the Omega to see him biting his bottom lip while watching Dean's back.
There were even days over the past three years that he had looked forward to being given to Lord Zachariah. He shuddered under his covers and determined to think of better things.
“Anything you want or need for you and Emmie to be happy. You can do anything, Castiel. Michael has assured me of that. Also, we can come back if you forget something.”
He could feel his brother began to card his fingers through his hair. The action grounded them both and helped Cas realize that he was going to die. There was only a couple of ways for the Angel Sacrifice to go for him. He would be dismissed immediately since he was a male Omega and that was not a favorable trait for an Angel looking for a mate. Secondly, if he was chosen by an Angel he would be mated, yet never claimed, and after he tried to deliver a pup, he would die then. It was impossible for a human to live after birthing an Angel. He never knew that he would actually be living the history horror stories he had learned in school.
“Michael did, he just wasn’t expecting Gabe to show up now,” she laughed. When she realized that Emmie wasn’t going to let Cas eat in peace, she motioned for Alfie to come over.
I want to thank everyone for following this little story, it's been so much fun to write, and I apologize for how long it took to complete, but bingo challenges and health knocked me out.
He stopped at the end of the bed and stood Cas on his feet, keeping his arms around the omega’s waist. When he let out a small grunt (he had taken a few body shots from those alphas, after all), Cas immediately began ghosting his hands over Dean’s side and looked at him with the squinty eyed, head tilting way he had, trying to determine where Dean was hurt. Too damn cute if you asked the alpha, just too damn cute.
Dean went into his bag and pulled out his pink, lace boy-shorts. They weren't for everyone and he may lose some requests for lap dances but when he needed an extra boost of confidence he put them on. Making sure his cock was nestled just so, he then put on his leather pants with the laces on the legs. This was the whole outfit for his slow song, now he just had to pick the song.
He took one more moment to enjoy the vision that was his mate. Thick thighs covered in dark hair made Dean appreciate the omega's dedication to jogging, which more than likely also contributed to Cas' beautiful ‘bubble butt’: round, firm, and so delectable. Glancing up, Dean enjoyed the view of the strong back muscles he had felt when soothing his mate earlier. The same muscles that were now rolling as he was still slightly humping the mattress. Finally, he looked directly at the source of the aromatic nectar that was Cas’ and Cas’ only. His rim was pink, shiny, and still looked tight even though Dean had fingered him. Oh, how he wanted to bury himself inside his mate, but first, a small taste.
“Don’t ask stupid questions, Dean. Of course, I know that. I'm just...I don’t want to disappoint you, or freeze up because of what happened before.” Dean reached up to rescue the poor bottom lip that Cas was attempting to cannibalize by pulling it out of his teeth with his thumb.
“So, after breakfast with Bal tomorrow, I can’t wait to introduce you to my parents when we go pack my things.”
He was also now mated to a strong, wealthy, handsome alpha, who also happened to be a prince. And he would never have to worry about Castiel advancing to the throne, because he was at the back of a long line of royals. All the advantages of nobility without the menacing machinations of politics.
Cas was enjoying the walk to their home/nest. It was so beautiful here, so peaceful. The only thing breaking the quiet was Emmie’s quiet giggles as Dean would chuck her chin, or as she peeked over his shoulder to smile at Gabriel and Sam, who were following them so they could take her for the night. Mary was going to watch her tomorrow. He kept wanting to pinch himself to see if he was dreaming, but he knew he couldn’t have dreamt an alpha as wonderful as his.
“Aww, Baby, I would probably do whatever you want, and if it was something I really didn’t want to do, I would tell you. Alright? Until that happens, which I don’t see happening, assume that I'm down with anything you want. Do ya know where the menu is, ‘cuz I'm starved.”
“When will I become an angel?” He loved the tilted head that Cas did when he was thinking. He had only known his mate for a very short amount of time but it was something he adored about the man.
“Dean, you are the best alpha I know. You, and you alone, raised me to be the alpha I am. Ya' know when I met Jess, I didn’t feel worthy of her. I kept her at arm’s length until I had a conversation with Bobby. He told me that you don’t get to choose who you love or who loves you. He reminded me that we aren’t guaranteed tomorrow, so you should hold on to love, not run from it.”
Dean stood from his crouch in front of Cas to turn his back to the crowd. He raised his arms over his head with his hands clasped together. He took a step back so that he was straddling Cas's lap putting his ass about a foot from his face. Dean let the music begin moving his body. He knew he looked good with the muscles of his back oiled and flexing.
“Yep. It's pretty bad, Dude. I've never seen an omega have a heat like this. Maybe it’s because he’s a male omega, or maybe it’s because he was an angel, but it is what it is. Never thought I’d have to teach a dude how to jack off.”
"Shut up, Bal. I can't help it. Be glad you don't have to worry about your scent giving away your emotions with no way to stop it."
“Well, let’s get on with it, Alpha. I need you, please.” Hearing his mate beg did things to the alpha. Really
” Dean saw that his father clenched his jaw, probably because he noted that Castiel had omitted his title.
His mouth never stopped exploring his new mate, moving from his mouth to his neck. He shoved his nose over the scent gland and inhaled that incredible scent from the source. “Mate.”
"Here, let's have some tea with the cookies I made for you. I also brought you some of your favorite cinnamon rolls for you to have for breakfast tomorrow with your Omega. While we go to the ceremony, Sam will stock your home for your upcoming rut."
Also know, that in this unique situation that comes with your mating, Heaven in behind you with its love and power.
“Dean, I'm a hunter. I pay attention. Yeah, I knew, and I also knew that he felt the same way about you. He needs you, Dean.”
Dean had been crying for hours being so overcome with love and relief. It had taken almost four hours after Cas' water broke for their son to be born, and he was worth every minute of pain, so his omega told him. He was sitting on the sectional in their living room as Michael was teaching Cas to hold the weight of his wings after he had healed him from childbirth. Dean thought (and said
He began a slight sway of his hips to the slow beat of the song. The beat then worked its way from his feet, up through his body to his hands. Dean undulated his body like a snake while moving his hips in a rolling, figure-eight motion which pushed his ass out a bit.  Dean could hear the reaction from the crowd and while in the past he sometimes got off on the cat calls, tonight he was only interested in one person's reaction.
When Cas heard the words of the first song he threw his head back in a loud belly laugh. Feeling Dean's hands on his hips he looked down and winked at his Alpha. Cas laced his hands with Dean's and began moving his hips in a poor imitation of Dean's early figure eights.
Feeling Cas’ tongue tangle with his, inhaling their combined scent deep with arousal, knowing that he would be the only one to have Cas, it was all making Dean’s head spin. Backing out of the kiss slowly with closed mouth kisses, he kept his mate wrapped in his arms, just pulling back enough to look in his eyes.
"I'm sorry Dean. I don't believe he is. He's very stubborn, blast the angel! I'll be the one walking with you past the Omegas."
“Alright, Cassie. Dean, I just want some assurances before I let you leave with the most precious thing in my life.”
"Dada is still sleeping. He's tired." He was rather proud of how tired his omega was after their mating the night before (but now was not the time for those thoughts).
“Well, aren’t you a quick study, Emmie. Yes, you are. Let's go feed Momma, get you a bottle, and visit with ...what do you want to be called, Mary?” he asked as he turned to look at her, noticing for the first time that Dean got his eyes from his Mother.
"It's what has to happen. We talked about this, Gabriel. You need to take care of things when I'm gone. You promised. She won't survive if you don't take care of her."
He stood proudly next to his mate as his Original Sire placed his hands on their heads and said a silent prayer to their Father. All angels could hear Chuck in their heads if he wanted to speak to them; this was just a part of the ceremony. Dean loved this whole ceremony.
Hearing his omega challenge him had Dean thrusting into his tight body, pushing his forming knot hard against his rim. Fuck, he felt so good. Dean had had lots of sex, and while he wished he could have given his mate the same gift of being untouched, he was also glad he had some knowledge on how to please his omega.
