Dean suddenly slammed Castiel against the wall, meeting his lips in desperation and heat, his hands leave Castiel's arms to claw at his clothes. Castiel moans into Dean's mouth and let himself be manhandled. He'd let Dean take control, he'd let him set the pace and Dean's pace was far faster than Castiel had expected, he was already ripping off Cas' shirt, sending a spray of buttons scattering across the floor. Which Castiel decided was to incredibly hot to be annoyed about.
“Dale is no threat to me, Dean.” Castiel’s voice is raised in annoyance, Dale was a nice enough guy. Why couldn’t Dean trust his judgement? Anger began to boil, teeth clenching tight as Castiel levelled Dean with another heated gaze. “I don’t understand why you’re acting like this is such a big deal. I’d been in more wars before mankind took their first breath, than you have been in, in your entire lifetime. I’ve taken far greater risks than you can imagine. A simple human hunter is not something I’m new to."
Castiel’s breath hitches as he looks up sharply… The black slimy mass moving towards him begins to take the shape of a faceless man…
Castiel looked at him, "Thank you, Garth. I don't know what's going on with Balthazar either, I wish I did... I thought maybe I was the problem..."
"Hello?" he called into the house from the hallway, however, no reply came as Lisa wasn't home yet. He walked through their house and dumped his briefcase and long suit coat on the sofa, loosening his tie from around his neck as he looked around the pristine living room. It was Lisa's house really, Dean had only moved in a year ago, selling his apartment a few weeks later. He walked into the study and opened his laptop, settling himself down in his chair as it loaded. He rubbed his tired eyes in his hands, wondering if there was any way he could get out of going out tonight.
"Well..." Said Lisa sneakily "It's actually an open buffet tonight, so you can just go nuts, but I will buy a proper thank you burger another time"
Dean had been very kind and arranged for Castiel to meet up with Lisa so that he could ask her about how publishing would work, he knew a fair bit from Balthazar of course, but it would be silly to turn down any offers of help or advice when he was just starting out.
Dean hesitated for a moment, as though he hadn’t expected him to stop “Cas… I’m just… I am really sorry…” His pleading eyes still held Castiel’s gaze, his hand was still on Castiel’s arm and something broke within him, some wall inside him shattered and crumbled away. Castiel leaned forward into Dean, who hugged him tightly. Dean wrapped both arms around him and enveloped him in his warmth as Castiel cried into his shoulder, muttering repeatedly that ‘it was ok’ and ‘I’m just being silly’ as Dean shushed him gently.
Sam looked down guiltily and Charlie’s eyebrows shot up “Wait, seriously?” She dug in her pockets “Damn, I forgot my phone… I’ll call him when I get home. What Balthazar thing?”
Jack is, as he promised, mostly hands off when it comes to human affairs but like Chuck there are some humans he just can’t leave alone, so he’ll check on Sam, Dean and Castiel from time to time. He knows that right now there is a party going on in the bunker like it has never seen before and a part of him wishes he could be there to see Sam and Dean’s faces when they see all their friends and family… when they see Eileen and Cas, but he has work to do.
"Much like you own skin,” Balthazar reaches out and strokes the back of his fingers down Dean’s cheek, “It’s lovely…” he adds as his eyes scan over Dean’s face, “I'm going to need to be very slow, very careful when I carve your face,” he runs a fingertip around Dean’s hairline and down past his ear to his neck, “from your head…” He straightens up and smiles at Dean pleasantly as he says, “I’m going to dry out your skin, Dean and wear you like a mask the next time I fuck Castiel."
He didn’t go into any more detail than that, if ‘Win67’ had been there, he was sure he would have seen what happened anyway. As he pressed send he heard his phone go off, he pulled it from his pocket and saw that he had three new messages, the first one was from Charlie.
"You know to call yourself cool, kinda kills the cool, right?" laughed Sam, shaking his head at his brother.
“I suppose I can see why he likes you, you are a fine specimen.” The man’s voice is brittle and unsympathetic, “but you will never be good enough for him, Dean. Castiel belongs to me.”
“Uncle Dean!” Shouts John excitedly as he turns to see whos shouting them “Help me find Ellen? She’s hiding”
Moving swiftly, he stalks toward Dean and grips him by the waist, walking him backward until a grunt escapes Dean as his back hits the wall. Castiel lifts one of Dean’s legs up high and lets it rest against his waist as he quickly grabs the other, raising that one up too. He reaches under Dean’s thigh and finding his own cock, guides it up and inside of Dean’s entrance.
"You mean something greasy?" she said raising a knowing eyebrow at him "There will be plenty of that this evening, let's get a salad now though, it's quicker. Alright?" she asked it, as though it was a question but Dean knew she meant 'we are getting salad'.
Charlie pressed her lips together in thought. "Why don't you say something like... Do you enjoy sucking cock?" she laughed as Castiel pulled a face, "Ok, ok... not that. Ask him if he has only ever had female partners?"
Castiel’s mind had been broken that night. His old self had ceased to exist and he had been reborn and baptized in blood.
You know that melting feeling in your stomach… That’s all the butterflies that you’ve had for the past week dying from being that close to someone so fucking hot… Death by hotness… And congratulations on not passing gas this time, hows that for personal growth. So, Castiel… god, stop swooning all over the place Dean… but seriously… sigh. He’s training to run a marathon for this Random Acts charity thing…
"No, he is from a rival firm. They're meant to hate each other anyway, just now they have an actual reason to"
Castiel walked over to him and Dean noted how good the man looked in blue. He half rose from his seat to greet him but stopped when Castiel waved his hand slightly.
Dean relaxes and he smiles again, leaning forward to press kisses all over Castiel’s face, letting go of his face and wrapping his arms around Castiel tightly. Castiel shifts, freeing his arms from Dean’s grip and brings up the blanket around them both. They sink to the floor together, right in the middle of the kitchen. Both mixing tears with laughter as they kiss and hold each other.
‘I got some good news today actually. My friend who visited had some news. That cheered me up. Shopboy’
“He was?” Came a voice from behind them both and they turned to see Dean walking towards them “Why?”
“Look at you, needing me so much. Don’t worry, I’ll always be right here for you,” says Castiel proudly, as he strokes the side of Dean’s face. “I’m always going to come back, you know? No matter how cross you make me, I’ll always come back.”
Castiel nods and finally, accepting that this is all real, that Castiel was not only here, but safe and back for good, Dean nods too. His eyes closing in relief as he pulls Castiel back into a hug, “Good.”
The next step, he knew he’d have to make amends with Castiel’s friends, or at least try to… He was not looking forward to it. He knew that neither Charlie or Garth would forgive him willingly, but he knew that Castiel was the type to appreciate the thought behind something like that. So he’d had the flowers delivered to Castiel’s house that morning and was on his way to Meg’s to find out where Charlie would be. He had no idea what any of them were doing now that Castiel’s shop had closed. He’d figured some kind of expensive gift or shopping vouchers was a good way to go since they were likely unemployed. What he hadn’t expected to see as he’d walked up to Meg’s coffee shop, was Castiel… In the arms of Dean Winchester.
Dean wakes up to a hand over his mouth and piercing blue eyes staring down at him. Castiel raises a finger to his lips, “Shhh. I’m here Dean. I’m here.”
Soapy water and a big sponge, mower… all set up near the front of my lawn, I can see the whole way down the street from here. Perfect…
If you are going to run past Dean’s house… You should give me a little freshen up before you go… You know, just in case.
Castiel looks at her with a brow raised, Meg rolls her eyes, "Well, they must be upstairs somewhere if you wanna go get them so bad…”
Balthazar steps closer to Dean, his eyes boring down into him with obvious dislike, “I proved to Castiel that he could do anything… apparently he took that to mean that he could try everything… He seems to be trying to be me but I am the only me and he, he belongs to me and that will never, ever stop, but this” Balthazar waves his hand at Dean, “will.”
"Yeah, I just think those last shots really hit me, do you want to come back to mine tonight?" Garth's eyes widened and he smirked at her.
The high notes were admittedly - awful, but it only made the crowd cheer even louder. Castiel watched wide eyed as his boyfriend strutted his stuff around the stage, clearly enjoying himself and all earlier nerves forgotten. Dean was a natural performer, and… the outfit wasn’t awful. The wig and makeup would have to go, but Castiel found himself picturing Dean in little Christmas panties, of red and gold an he bit his lip wondering if Dean would wear some for him at home.
After a few minutes, Dean finally stops Castiel by lightly catching his arm and smiling “I’m alright…” Dean stands up, wondering what the hell they were going to do with Balthazar, worrying even that maybe they should have called an ambulance… “We need to sort this out…”
Dean had given Charlie and Garth jobs... because Castiel had asked him too... He'd turned up, with broken ribs and dressed in pajamas when Balthazar wouldn't leave… just to make sure that he, Castiel was safe.. 'Holy shit' He thought to himself.
"Son of a bitch..." Whispered Dean, looking around at his brother. To Sam, his face was comical. Eyes so wide you could see white all around the iris, face pale, lips parted in surprise at discovering this thing - about himself - that's been true for years. "Son of a bitch," Says Dean louder "Well, why the hell didn't you tell me?"
Castiel looks from the text to the roses... Had Dean sent them? Was he asking him to lunch as a date? Feeling slightly dizzy he typed out a quick reply and sent it to Dean...
(French Translation - I find you beautiful. I want to marry you. I want to make the love with you every day)
He popped his head around the door frame to check Lisa had not emerged from the bathroom yet, he could still hear the spray of the shower, so he quickly typed a reply...
“Do you want your brother to be here, now… doing this,” Castiel rolled his hips forward “instead of me?”
The timing was just… wrong. But it didn’t make it any easier when Castiel was getting hit on by a very good looking doctor and leaving would mean that Dean would go home and be thinking all night of Castiel going home with the doctor... which was almost physically painful!
Dean chuckled, “I’ll certainly never forget this, although you realise you’re going to have to get all these people home, right?”
And so it had gone on, every time Dean had done something that pleased Castiel he’d been rewarded. A radio, a portable DVD player. When he’d first said ‘morning’ back to Castiel, he was allowed to have the ropes on his hands removed if he had his feet chained together with the door locked, he could move around the room but only slowly. It had been a little weird when he’d sucked a piece of chocolate from Castiel’s fingers but being gifted his favorite pie for dinner the following day made it seem worth it.
A medical examiner had determined that Balthazar’s death had been a result of his injuries. His house and the bar had been searched by police, where evidence of no fewer than twelve murders had been found. A crime scene investigating team had gone in and taken photographs and samples.
When they reached Castiel's room, Dean finally released his hand and began undoing the buttons on his pants, he kicked his shoes off and against the wall and slid his pants down over his legs, stepping out of them, in nothing now but grey boxers and socks.
Castiel stills, savoring the moment, he is pressed inside Dean, feeling his tight warmth surrounding him, gripping him. He leans forward, licking away a tear that’s running down Dean’s cheek, Dean’s head jerks away from his tongue.
“Y-your name is C-c-castiel, you own m-me and you just want m-me to be happy. My brother's name is S-sam. Sam is not…” Dean pauses taking a deep breath against the pain, “Sam’s not here, you are. It’s your cock inside me, I’m not thinking about Sam and I don’t wish he was here… it’s your name...”
Sam’s foot touches the brake pedal as a group of teens meander across the road ahead of him, luckily though they get out of the way before he has to slow down. He gives them a wide berth as he drives past, glancing back in his mirror before reaching to turn on his car’s radio.
She smiled at him, pleased by the compliment "Thank you. Well, I hope you both have an enjoyable evening" She gave them a polite nod and smile before turning away to greet someone else.
"Are you alright?" Jo asked him, seeing the smile slide off his face. She followed his gaze and looked around, "Do you know them?"
Castiel looked down at the message from 'Win67'. He had just broken up with his girlfriend, he had expressed the need to vent, "Yes."
“This is my home. Not yours. And did you really think I would take you back after what you did…?” Askes Castiel unable to keep the disbelief from his tone “You broke Charlie’s nose for fuck sake”
John glances at his son and gives him a knowing wink, before knocking on the door. Standing up straight, his shoulders squared, John narrows his eyes and waits to meet the man who had set Dean’s boat on fire. Behind him, Sam shifts nervously, he doesn’t know what his father has in mind and he can feel his heart rate climbing in anticipation of what could happen. After a few moments they hear movement from inside the room.
"It doesn’t matter either way, he and I are friends and I'm with Balthazar!" said Castiel firmly, Charlie rolled her eyes.
Ok... So he wasn't one to judge as he was with Balthazar, but still he had always pictured 'Win67' to be single.. and now to find out - not only was he not single - but he had has a girlfriend? Castiel had a gut-churning feeling.. 'Oh god, what if he is straight... He can't be, can he? He messaged me first asking if opposites attract.. he can't be straight'
“I’m fine,” he lies easily, he is so far away from fine, his thoughts are at war in his mind. He wants Dean, he wants all this craziness to stop, he wants to remember who he was before all of it started, he is sure that he wasn’t always like this, that the thought of taking a life wouldn’t be so easy for him. He’d just cut the brakes on a totally innocent man’s car, Sam could die… He is sure that once upon a time… He would have cared.
- 'My car broke down - devastated - I love my car. On the plus side though, I walked to work. Have you noticed the leaves are changing already? Orange isn't exactly my favorite color - but on New York - It works. I was stood there - for who knows how long - just staring at the trees in the middle of the street. Check it out. I love fall in New York'
He was fairly certain that kidnaping people was going to piss off the Winchesters, but how the hell else was he going to get ‘ten lords a leaping’ or ‘nine ladies dancing’? If he had any money, he’d offer to pay them, but he’d spent the last of the money he’d had on the geese, saving them from being the centre piece on someone's dinner table this Christmas, surely that was a good thing?
He shook his head, his mouth had gone dry. He sighed and slipped out of bed, he walked to his bedroom door and turned the handle quietly. He’d get a glass of water from the kitchen. A perfectly innocent reason for him to be passing through the living room… Hell, it was his house, why did he feel so nervous that Dean might ‘catch him’.
Castiel's hands reached around Dean's waist, touching his skin, groaning softly at the feel of those firm muscles. His hand dipped below the waistband of Dean's hot pants and gripped his cock. Castiel was pleased that Dean was half hard...
Dean shakes his head, scoffing, “I'm not attracted to men, Cas... I'm attracted to you. Just you.” The angel’s eyes widened at the confession, Dean ceasing the opportunity to lean forward to capture Castiel’s lips with his. Tasting himself as their tongue’s entwined in a slow, steamy kiss, “I only want you, Cas…”
Dean’s heart screams and his whole body lurches forward as a hand grips his waist… from behind. He’d been sure that Castiel had been stood in front of him, how was he suddenly behind him? He hears Castiel’s soft chuckle.
I highly doubt that is possible, but I shall give you your space until you’re feeling better. Cas. x
Castiel smiles, wrapping Dean’s arms around his neck and his own arms around Dean’s waist. He steps forward, planting a warm kiss on Dean’s left cheek before saying,  “What did you think this weekend was going to be about?”
Dean fixed Sam with a look that clearly said ‘Yes I fucking do’ and Sam said in a hushed voice “If you think he would be capable of something like that… You think… I mean, do you think he thought you were in it at the time?”
Balthazar pushes his hard cock deep down Dean’s throat, the man chokes on it, coughing and spluttering harshly. As Balthazar drags his dick back out, a string of saliva from Dean’s mouth connects it to the spider gag in his mouth. He wets himself with it and presses in again, pressing against the back of Dean’s throat over and over.
Castiel’s eyes darken and he bites his bottom lip. If Dean really was ready… then he was going to make him come on his cock. He wanted to be inside Dean when he made him scream out his name. Castiel moves behind Dean and carefully tugs out the butt plug, letting it drop noisily to the floor - he’d clean that up later. He releases Dean’s cock from his grasp and puts his hands on Dean’s ass, spreading his cheeks open for him…
“No… I just… shit. I really want to do… whatever you were about to do… I mean that but…” Castiel’s cheeks were flushed red with embarrassment and Dean felt like kicking himself.
Castiel gives Dean a sad smile, “Life can be so cruel sometimes but you aren’t cursed Dean and you’re so strong, we will get through this, together. You and me. He wouldn’t want you to give up on your happiness, he’d want you to keep going.”
Jo looked at Dean "Hi… I'm Jo, I'm kinda with Garth. Since you kinda saved the day, I'll fill you in... Balthazar threatened Garth last week because we were out on a date and saw him having dinner with another man behind Castiel's back"
“You’re welcome. I know Dean feels guilty about his role in your situation and wanted to help, I really hope this works out for you”
“Who. Owns. You?” Castiel repeats pulling the zip down on his trousers. He looks at Dean’s face, eyes shut, head down… hiding. Seething Castiel picks up the paddle and walks back toward Dean.
Castiel looked at the last line.. 'We speak everyday' That was true and yet he hadn't even noticed, it was just something that had built up. He closed his laptop without replying, a pang of burning guilt rising up through him.. 'What am I doing?' He thought 'I am with Balthazar and yet I talk to this stranger more than my own boyfriend. I can't get hooked on some guy - who is also not single, that I've never met'.
Dean is charming and funny. Not that he needs to be, Castiel's main interest is the man's body, which is beautiful and toned. A work of art waiting to be added to Castiel's collection.
He looked at his son, sadness filling him as he thinks about how Jack’s life has been so cruel, he is just a child. A child... should be full of life and energy, having friends, family and fun… not lying in a hospital bed fighting for his life. He should be at home, with his family, with him and Sam and Dean.
Castiel walks into the little cafe feeling nervous, he remembers the last time he came face to face with Lisa, it had been with Balthazar and it had not gone well. A quick scan of the shop and he sees her sat at a small table next to a window, she’s looking at him and nods when his eyes find hers. He takes a breath and walks over to her.
"Castiel never complains." He heard Dean say to his brother after Sam had scorned him once again for treating the angel poorly.
Ah well, at least no animals took a dump on me today… Cute guy was cleaning his windows, stood up on a tiny step ladder in a black tank top… THOSE FUCKING ARMS. You could write poetry about those arms…
Dean talks a lot about where he remembers up to, but Castiel always tries to steer the conversation backward to try and avoid stumbling on something that may unlock Dean’s memories. His stomach is a mess of knots each and every time he walks up to the hospital doors, will Dean have remembered him? Will there be police waiting… There never is though and two months after he woke up, Dean is discharged.
He walked out the front doors of ‘The Lower Angel’ and out into the cool evening air, heading toward his car. He opens the trunk and places the case neatly in the center. Closing the trunk again, his thoughts carry him back to the night that he had Castiel bundled in the trunk of his car, bound and gagged and breathtakingly beautiful. Or... James as he had first introduced himself.
Both the children nodded and followed Dean as he led them to the street to hail a taxi. After checking they were both strapped in the back safely, he packed his bags in the boot and then got in the front passenger seat.
‘Harsh, but understandable I guess’ thought Dean. "Thank you," He said, hoping he sounded calmer than he felt. He could feel his face heating up and hoped that his cheeks weren’t flaming red, that would be sure to give him away.
thinks Dean to himself, silently grateful it had been with him at Sam’s and not on the boat when it had burnt. “It’s just, are you sure this is alright?”
“I know,” says Castiel, “I’ll deal with it.” Castiel is sure that his version of ‘dealing with it’ and Sam’s were likely to be very different, but he couldn’t help that. What happened next would be up to Dean.
Castiel had excused himself to fetch a Doctor and to allow himself a private moment to relish his good fortune. Dean was awake and he'd met his eyes, not with fear but confusion... confusion was something that Castiel could work with.
He hears Dean's words in his head, tumbling round and round. 'Should he complain? Should he tell Dean each and every time he hurts him or makes him feel useless... Should he confess that it stings more coming from him than any other living soul because it's his opinion of him that matters the most...'
“It’s just so… stupid. After everything we went through, he survived that car wreck… Just to fall down the stairs? I know this is going to sound absolutely fucking stupid… but it’s not fair. I miss him. I feel like… it’s me, ya know? I’m fucking cursed.”
"Make no mistake Garth, you will not like what happens to you if you ever tell Castiel I was here." He growled at him before roughly shaking his wrist away. Garth's face was pale as he walked through the other diners towards the bar, where Jo was waiting for him. His thoughts buzzing a million miles a minute and his heart pounding in his chest.
Dean’s furious shout made Ellen and John turn around in shock before giggling at how he’d said a naughty word.
Dean is hauled through the door and then pulled up to his feet, Castiel slams him back into the wall, laying an arm across Dean’s chest and using it to hold him in place. His other hand is exploring below Dean’s waist until he finds Dean’s dick and takes hold of it firmly.
Dean frowns and Castiel waits. Watching as thoughts stir behind those green eyes, as Dean thinks and goes through things in his mind, he sees it in his face before Dean even speaks, he sees it like a switch being flicked. He stares at him, expectantly but patient. Dean’s eyes meet his and his heart beats rapidly in his chest. It’s coming, it’s coming…
"Yes well, give that prick hell. I’ll be more helpful next week I just really want to get a good book out soon so that Lisa Braedon knows - it's on" Balthazar winked at Castiel before grabbing his suitcase, pulling out the extendable handle and wheeling it out of the bedroom “I stocked up on coffee by the way”
Castiel flew Dean back to the house he was staying in with his younger brother and his father, he landed gracefully on the slated rooftop and they sat there for a while together watching the sunrise. Castiel felt protective of the boy already, he knew he’d have to leave soon and he wished he could do more for Dean now, so that he would be safe.
Charlie shrugged "It's your call Cas. If you wanna meet him then meet him. But you need to be prepared for anything... like what you're going to say if he does start hitting on you?"
Castiel drives into the city. The rain is pelting down on the windscreen but in a way he is grateful for it, it’s as though it is washing away this night. Cleaning it from history with rain. He feels how different this hunt is, it’s Sam Winchester and Dean cares about him and he cares about Dean, even after the nightmare he has put Dean through, his feelings of desire for Dean are genuine.
Castiel tilted his head to face the child, his face was still tear-stained and scared but now also curious, “I am an angel of the lord. I heard your prayer… I came to help you.”
Dean is thrown roughly onto his bed, coughing blood up on the front of his shirt, he looks up at his father through bloodshot and swelling eyes, “Why can’t you just accept that this is who I am?”
"Garth, I would never cheat on Balthazar, alright?" Said Castiel getting annoyed “And frankly I don’t appreciate you implying that I would”
"Dude?" Said Charlie sharply, Garth looked up in surprise at her but she was looking at Castiel "Where's the frigs my muffin?"
Castiel puts the paddle down on a table nearby and pulls his shirt over his head and throws it away from him, “What’s my name?”
Castiel decides to indulge the fantasy a little longer, that Dean is here now of his own free will. That he can leave at any moment, should he for whatever reason, change his mind. He shucks off his coat, hanging it on the coat stand near the door. Then, being a gentleman, he helps Dean out of his and hangs it next to his. The fantasy breaks and he turns back to his prey. His captive. Dean smiles at him. It's heartbreakingly beautiful and Castiel wonders... After tonight, would he ever see it again?
“Not yet… He keeps saying he might have to move, I think I am going to wait until he does and have it delivered to his new address.” ‘
"I don't think so," she said, "Hope the weather stays nice for you if you're going out on the.. on your boat.”
Dean made his way through to the kitchen and put the kettle on, ready to give a hand with breakfast by getting the grown-ups coffee. As Sam, Ellen and John entered the kitchen Dean’s phone rang. Dean gave his brother the ‘Good morning’ nod of the head as he picked up his phone…
His gaze travels over their faces, the fear was still there. That had stayed with them even after they’d died…
On the one hand… Dean hadn’t woken up and Sam was in a small way like a living, conscious piece of the man Castiel desired. On the other hand… Sam Winchester is the only person who now stands in his way of having Dean all to himself…
"So that you understand. These help me remember and I want to die with memories, not dreams... I want to know that I
“I thought that’s what angels were for?” Castiel shakes his head, “Why did you make an exception for me?”
“Excellent. Alright then, breakfast.” Castiel proceeds to hand feed Dean, bite by careful bite Dean eats his meal. As the meal goes on, he notices that Castiel’s fingers edge ever closer to his lips, to his teeth, testing him. Eventually, Castiel holds on tightly to a piece of bacon, pushing his fingers into Dean’s mouth and not letting it go. Castiel groans loudly as Dean’s tongue brushed against his finger, then finally he pulls his hand away.
All I can think is... I want him to get that out of breath and sweaty working out on me, gawddddd just picturing him bending me over the car bonnet right then and there and fucking me silly...
As he passed the couch… He realized what he guesses he must have known… There was Dean, sleeping soundly on the couch. The blanket Castiel had laid down for him covered one leg and a little way up his stomach… The rest of Dean was bare… Bare skin, that looked smooth and firm.
Ignoring Balthazar’s indignant protests, John looks around the room. He takes in the empty beer bottles disregarded on the floor, a couch that looked like it had seen far better days, the dirty pile of dishes that surrounded the small kitchen sink, the takeaway boxes that littered the top of the coffee table and the mound of smelly laundry that was pushed up against a wall. He moves further into the room and after removing a couple of books from on top of it, seats himself in a semi clean looking armchair before his eyes settle on the man who threatened his son, “So,” he said calmly, he crosses his legs and sits back, linking his fingers together and placing his hands casually in his lap, “You’re Balthazar Roche?”
“It’s perfect,” Says Dean as he looks wide-eyed around the huge living space of the apartment… “It’s the first one I liked enough to come and see…”
Castiel had waited for hours with him to get his x-ray and then the results and it had been Castiel who had insisted that they share a cab, Castiel who had text him as soon as the cab had pulled away from Heaven's library, Castiel… who when Dean had first met him had smiled at him in a way that had made Deans knees shake. Who’d thanked him for intervening last night and apologized for Dean getting hurt, even though in no way did Dean blame him.
“I’ll bring you some breakfast in a bit when I've calmed down.” He says quietly, before slowly leaving the bedroom. Closing the door behind him, Castiel’s face breaks into a smile, Dean’s feeling guilty about not kissing him…
“This is my other son, Sam. We won’t take too much of your time Mr Roche,” John’s voice is calm as he speaks again but Sam knows him well enough to register the anger that bites at each of his words as he adds, “I just thought it was time that we met - you know, since you tried to kill my son?”
"I'm sorry but if your partner is hard for business at the moment, you would think he would take the customers he can get" Snapped Lisa looking over to where Dean was sat, now watching them, something in the way Lisa had looked at him had made him frown and get up from his seat and... to Castiel's complete horror he began walking over to them..
Meg had been on her to 'The Triangle' to meet Charlie and her friends. She stopped as she reached the street, there were two men fighting.. and Charlie was on the ground, her face splattered with blood...
Meg looked to where Charlie was pointing "Oh yeah, it is... We should go thank him for looking after you"
Castiel pulled his jacket from his shoulders and laid it over the back of his chair before turning to face Lisa again, “I’m thinking… teenagers. I want to do something that can have a plot and maybe a little danger. I have a few ideas, but nothing set in stone yet… Writing is hard.”
He weeps openly into his son’s chest, until he feels warm wetness seeping into his shirt… Confused he releases his hold on his boy and leans back to find, he is no longer in the hospital, now it seems he is knelt in a field. The grass is wet with morning dew. And where only seconds earlier he could have sworn Jack's body was now…
But Balthazar gives one hard push and Castiel has to move quickly out of the way to avoid getting hit in the face by the heavy solid door. Castiel’s breath catches as Balthazar takes a step into the room, shutting the door behind him.
"Hmmm," Dean looked at her thinking... When it came to business she was brutal, but this was his - personal - business and he wished she could tell the difference sometimes.
He pressed send and regretted it immediately, trying to remember if he had ever told 'shopboy' that he was in a relationship with a woman. Annoyed with himself he closed his laptop and went to take a shower. He wondered, whilst washing his hair with Lisa's fruit burst shampoo... if 'Shopboy' would stop replying upon learning this new information. He looked at the shampoo bottle in his hand, shook his head and picked up his Linx shampoo and began to wash his hair again. 'He wondered if 'Shopboy' had assumed that he was gay, but then they had never given any personal details away before 'so really' Dean thought 'It would be on him for just assuming' Then he shook his head again, why was he getting so worked up over the idea that this guy he'd been messaging, who he had never even met - wouldn't reply.
Somehow, magically Dean had managed to keep the fact that it was a boat and not an apartment that had burnt down from coming out when Castiel had been within earshot… He hadn’t lied, he justified it to himself, he’d just omitted a few details to Castiel. He was, however, very aware that time was running out for ‘Win67’...
Balthazar heard his phone buzz and paused, he pulled himself away from Michael’s lips and leaned over his to pick up his phone from the bedside table.
Castiel looked at him again, in that way that made Dean feel like he was under an x-ray again "That is incredibly thoughtful of you, and actually I will take you up on that if you don't mind... after this evening I have no idea what to expect from Balthazar..." He said shaking his head sadly “He isn’t who I thought he was”
By morning the rain had stopped and the pavements were littered with puddles that perfectly reflected the still-cloudy sky. Dean thanked his lucky stars that he hadn’t gotten ill from being out in the cold and rain as he’d walked back from work the night before. He walked into work and headed for his office. He rubbed at his eyes and turned on his computer, he had to start looking for an apartment, the rain had beat down so heavily on the roof of his boat that he’d not been able to get to sleep until the early hours…  Or was it that he’d been messaging Castiel?
Dean and Castiel eat at the dining table, sharing the pasta that Castiel had made (runners food - He explained) and the wine that Dean had brought…
Dean starts rocking his body forward seeking friction, without really realizing what he is doing. His cock is still standing firm and pats against his stomach with his motions.
"Yes... But sides? Dean is about to put us all out of business, I don’t even know what he is doing here"
Dean watched the door close behind Castiel and felt himself relax with relief, Castiel had spoken to him, he still existed. He still mattered. Castiel wasn’t going to kill him, he was bringing him a radio, a connection to the world beyond his four walls. The voice that had been telling him to escape was still there, but a little quieter, drowned out in part by a voice telling him to be grateful that he was still alive, that he was being fed and that Castiel had lowered the dose of the drugs he was using to keep him ‘calm’. Dean was physically more aware, even though his mind was still a mess of conflicting emotions.
“Besides,” Continued Dean as they talked about it “We will be known as a business that cares, a family doesn’t end with blood… We’re all in the ‘book’ business, we’re just helping those out who our business affected. It’s all good, we get good staff, they get a job, and the store gets good publicity. Win, win.”
Lisa sighed “I still wonder if I did the right thing sometimes. I know it’s over, but sometimes when a holiday or anniversary comes up, it makes you reminisce. I did love you, still, do as a friend… I hope you know that? And if you ever do manage to land Castiel, you need to talk to him, you know? You keep everything inside and it’s like trying to get blood from a stone.”
Dean had thought about confessing the truth to Castiel, several times but it didn’t seem like the right time. Castiel had lost a lot in a short space of time and Dean didn’t want to risk causing him to lose the friendship he had with ‘Win67’. Also, there was the selfish reason that Dean didn’t want to give up the truth just yet… He was falling for Castiel, there was no other way to put it. The more he spoke to him online, the more he saw him in person, the stronger his feelings for Castiel became, he didn’t want to lose him either.
Castiel saw him come into his hand and it was that, the noises Dean made and the extra tightness on his cock sent him hurtling to his own climax. He filled the condom with his own sex, still inside of Dean, squeezing up into him as though he wanted to get as much of his cock in Dean's ass as humanly possible...
"I told you, I told you in the bar that if you came home with me... you'd live to regret it." said Castiel sternly, "I was completely honest."
Lisa puts a hand over her heart “That is so sweet, Dean. I promise I will keep it safe for you. Now, I better be going. You should think about telling Castiel what I said about Balthazar too, just in case. I only found out last night or I would have spoken to him about it myself.”
Castiel pushed Dean roughly toward it. Dean stumbled towards it, but then caught himself and turned back to face Castiel, his heart was racing in his chest... as he realized what this room was.
Showered, shaved, ready to rock and roll. Today is the day. If hot guy runs past anyway… Watch today be the day - I finally work up the fucking nerve to speak to him and he doesn’t show up.
Castiel rolled over in his bed his name reaching him through the haze of sleep, he opened his eyes to look at Balthazar, who was stood at the side of the bed fully dressed and holding out a steaming cup of coffee to him.
His heart turns icy and drops right down into his gut, as his brain immediately supplies answers for the unspoken question,
"Excuse me" Lisa had overheard Balthazar's slur about Dean "I'm sorry but Dean Winchester is my friend and a good man. I’ll ask that you kindly keep your comments to yourself"
Castiel gave Dean a half smile “I would really appreciate it, thank you, Dean” Castiel watched as Dean nodded to him and got up, walking away to take his glass into the kitchen… Castiel wondered how many times he’d thanked Dean today, seemed to be a lot. He wondered what would have happened if Dean hadn’t turned up when he did… He remembered the reason he had been there… Returning his mothers till to him. He smiled to himself at how kind and caring the man was.
tight, but I manage. And I am far bigger than this pink monstrosity. Put some more lube on it and try again!
“Getting there,” says Sam, then he nods down to his crutches and says, “Just a bit slower than usual.”
"You know I don't care. I already know. It's not like I'd be finding out by seeing it in the paper. But if you're not comfortable with it then that's fine, I just think... It would send a message," said Lisa thoughtfully, "Like a 'We welcome everyone' banner. Acceptance. You know?"
"Don't," He said "If you start to blame yourself for this.. then I'd be pissed at you. This wasn't your fault Cas. I should have told you as soon as we left dinner last week and I'm sorry I didn't" He put an arm around Jo "Let's go and check on the others.."
Thought Castiel to himself, there was no way he could pretend he didn't know what Dean was doing, no way he could act like he didn't know that Dean's hand was even still holding his cock.
Smiling and nodding, Castiel confirms Dean's theory - he would never have to be without Castiel, ever again.
Castiel nods sadly, “Until I can trust that you aren’t going to get yourself hurt again, by foolish ‘escape’ attempts… Yes, I will, it’s for your own good. But I will be very careful, I will never give you too much. You must eat pet and one way or another, you will.”
Dean makes a face, the words are right there, behind his lips, he knows what Castiel wants to hear, but something… Something stops him from speaking.
Dean had packed up some of his clothes, his laptop and a few other bits he planned to take on the boat. He heard his phone ring and answered.
He can feel the rough carpet scratching over his back, itching at his naked skin, burning. When Castiel finally stops and pulls him up again, Dean’s feeling dizzy and disoriented.
“I brought you some bacon and bagels. We’ve been neglecting our short-lived tradition” Said Garth holding up a brown paper bag
Balthazar began bringing home more men, every few months there would be a new 'hook-up' for them to defile and disembowel together. Once he'd gotten over the morality of it, Castiel was good at it.
When Castiel arrived at Meg’s, Dean was already sat waiting for him. He looked up and gave Castiel a half smile as he walked through the door, the jingle of the bell announcing his arrival.
“You don’t have to do anything… But be my back up” Said John standing up “Ash knows which motel he is staying at, so… you in?”
"Well, I'm glad that you aren't going nuts... but can we not talk about this right now? We're open, someone could walk in," said Castiel looking to the door and hoping some customers did come in soon, it had been a slow morning on that front.
Moving around Dean, Balthazar opens his case and takes out one of his guns. He walks over to the shelving by the wall and pulls back the plastic sheet, to reveal a projector. He switches it on and turns back to Dean. The first picture that Dean sees illuminated against the wall is Castiel, he is stood in a bar, a drink in his hand, smiling.
“He is a scary dude,” Agreed Dean sadly “But no one blames you for any of this, you know? No one thinks that you should have seen it coming or whatever… None of this is your fault”
Anyway….. I was fucking soaked, covered in dirt and soap… And of course, that’s when Mr.Sex on legs would run passed… He looked over at me, did this weird little head tilt that made the sunlight catch his eyes… Fuck. I knew they were blue… but holy christ They. Are. BLUE.. (No, don’t sigh Dean, Jesus, did you just fucking swoon?)
Worse though, or at least worse to Dean anyway, was that Castiel not only let him… but he smiled and laughed in response. It had been in that soft, genuine way that Dean had always, for some unknown reason, imagined Cas saved specially for him. Castiel damn well preened under the guys attention and only seemed to snap out of it when Dean accidentally (
‘I think I would like to try it, one day. Don’t think I’d be much help when it came to killing it though. As for Thanksgiving… I’ve been kind of ignoring that holidays approach the last few weeks. For the last couple of years, my partner and I had thrown little get-togethers and celebrated with some friends and growing up it was always my mothers favorite holiday, she’d cook and decorate. This year, I think I am just going to stay at home and watch old movies, oh that sounds really depressing, doesn’t it? But the truth is, it is going to be my last Thanksgiving in this house and I just want to relax in my own company with a good book. Shopboy’
Just as Castiel was about to close his window he saw a cab pull up and Dean getting out of it and looking up at Castiel's window, his phone to his ear. Castiel heard him saying "Thanks Charlie, I'm here now" Before putting the phone back into his pocket and looking up at Castiel who had poked his head back out the window.
“Good. Now, say it all together.” Commands Castiel as he rests his dick above Dean’s ass crack, rubbing it up and down over him.
he scolded himself. At that moment though the toilet doors opened and in walked Castiel, wobbling slightly.
The aggressive knock on the front door has Gabriel on his feet in seconds. He strides across the living room to the front door and opens it.
"If he is your friend and going through a break up.. and you're just going as a friend.. then sure.." Said Garth simply.
“Cas, I know we don’t have to. We don’t ‘have to’ do anything anymore. Chuck is gone, this is just us. Just you and me, making choices for us, for once… Right?”
Not always, sometimes I like to take my time. Sometimes I like to start off slow, and deep. Slow, steady, rolling motions… I like to be completely in the moment, savour each slide in and each pull out. Sometimes, I like to tease and torment. Taking my time to feel everything, to worship and adore, to push in just past the tip and drive the hole I'm burying myself in, crazy with desire.
“I thought about it… But then” John pulls a face and shakes his head “No one, No. One. Hurts my family. I thought we could sort this out… personally”
Then Castiel is walking away from him again, back towards where Dean knows the door is. Dean hears a ‘click’ and then he lurches forward again as the vibrations from the butt plug shoot through him.
Castiel had meant to go on there to delete his old profile, now that Balthazar was practically moved in, but and he only admits this to himself but the question had intrigued him. It wasn't really a flirtation... not in the strictest sense and Castiel had decided to reply and that's how 'Shopboy' and 'Win67' had started talking.
Dean, wearing false eyelashes, a huge blonde wig tied up with a tinsel bow, he was wearing a tiny Miss Santa Claus outfit and white stockings. His face was thick with makeup and glitter and his platform boots added several inches to his height.
“No! Sam!?” he shouts out helplessly. But he already knows it's too late, the two vampires begin to drag Sam’s body away, leaving a thick bloody trail behind them.
Castiel's phone started ringing, he pulled it from his pocket pressing answer, but Balthazar had gotten to his feet and swiped at him knocking his phone out of his hand and it fell to the floor landing under the armchair.
"You have some nice friends, I hope you don't mind but she, Charlie told me some of what happened... Did you get hurt?" Asked the doctor looking at Castiel.
“Why?” asked Castiel resting Dean’s head down on the ground gently and moving to stand up, “Why are you doing this?”
Anger had burned through him. Castiel belonged to him and he would win him back. Dean was going to regret this.
“Stay tuned for the latest on traffic and weather after this…” Sam reaches for the dial of the radio, one hand on the steering wheel, ahead of him, two men come crashing through the trees and out into the middle of the road. In the split second, he has to react, his eyes pick out the fearsome expression of the man holding the knife up high… and then with gut-wrenching realization fall on the face of the other man, his foot slams onto the brake…
"Yeah..." said Dean, throwing Castiel a smile over his shoulder, "Feels weird, but not too painful."
"Fuck, Dean..." pants Castiel, as he let his head drop against Dean's back... They stilled for a few moments, riding out the after shockwaves of their orgasms together, “That was intense.”
"Alright, see you guys tomorrow. I'll bring the coffee, you two bring bagels" he added with a nod and a smile.
Castiel’s face flashes with anger before he quickly schools his expression, “Why do you say such things to me? You know I’m not going to let you go Dean, not ever. You belong to me. You should be grateful that I take such good care of you… and that I want to make you feel good. Don’t you want to feel good?”
“My name is Castiel, not James.” says Castiel as he climbs onto the bed, in between Dean’s spread legs, “I’m a collector, I collect beautiful things…”
“SAY IT.” as Castiel shouts at him, Dean can feel flecks of sweat from Castiel's forehead raining down on to his back and ass.
Oh. Bold move. I like… Get him back here, get the wine flowing… Seduce him with your cheesy pasta bake. ;-)
He smiled and saved Castiel's number... As, halfway across town, Castiel threw a tiny scrap of card into the bin in the shop, before pulling out all the cushions that Charlie laid out for the kids at story time and lay down to attempt to sleep...
Dean smiles warmly as tears track down his face, he feels like shit that Castiel doesn’t believe him, but hopefully, now he has actually said it, he’ll get the chance to prove it’s true. To shower Castiel in all the love he truly deserves, in all the love that Dean can give him.
Dean was ready. It had occurred to him, that although Castiel knew that 'Win67' was bisexual. He didn't know that Dean was, so Dean had found a Halloween costume that he hoped would get him some attention, and hopefully bring up the topic.
"I have to go visit the parentals.. family night," She said with a half smile “So, it’s Friday or no dice…”
“Don’t,” Says Dean suddenly and Castiel freezes as though he has been slapped “You have no idea… how much I want you to… But it’s not the right… time. After today, you don’t… It was a hard day and I don’t want what happened to…”
“For ten years?” The hands clenching Dean’s jacket tightened, then unclenched, releasing their grip.
“And that is?” Castiel questioned, eyebrow raised, moving forward off the wall and causing Dean to take a step back of his own. “Enlighten me, Dean, on why your judgement is better than my own? On why you think I’m incapable of...” Castiel’s words died on his lips when he noticed the look in the other man’s eyes. At first it was just...sadness, replaced quickly with fire as Dean’s face hardened.
Charlie sighed and walked up to Garth putting a comforting arm around his shoulders "Forget about that.. Have you been eating Garth? Cas is right - you look dead on your feet"
Dean and Sam are standing together in the Map Room, watching their friends and family celebrate. The brothers have small smiles of contentment on their faces, they won. They have their home, their friends, their freedom, their loves and each other.
"Oh good, you're home. I booked us a car for tonight and replied to Chuck about his Halloween party," she was close to the bathroom door now as she went on, "I'm glad your getting ready Dean, but don't spend ages in there, OK? I need a shower before we go out too,"
“Yes, I am.” Castiel shook his head and laughed softly “Now would have been a good time to have a publisher as a boyfriend but things haven’t worked out that way. Balthazar told me some of what his job entailed, but I have a feeling he may have embellished his descriptions of it, in order to accommodate his ‘out of relationship’ activities.”
"Would you care to take this..." He paused, acting as though he was hesitant "somewhere more private?"
Dean didn’t know what was happening, but he wasn’t going to argue, this… this is ‘Shopboy’ he thought. Even if he and Castiel didn’t get off to the best start, he cared about ‘Shopboy’ and wanted to try and become friends with Castiel. "Sure. And don't worry about it, just sucks that Balthazar had to win" Said Dean
Told you, we’d keep our end of the deal. So, no taking over and running off for another episode of ‘Crotch Adventures’. Right?
As Dean climbs back into his bedroom through the open window, he turns back to the angel and asks, "Hey, what's your name?"
Castiel practically bounced out of the room, leaving Dean alone. The only thing Dean hated more than Castiel’s ‘affection’ was being left alone. The fact that Castiel had a job, shouldn’t have surprised Dean, but it had. The first morning after he’d been brought here, Castiel had woken him, tried to get him to eat - unsuccessfully - and then much to Dean’s horror, left him alone, cuffed to the bed for almost eight hours, wearing a towel wrapped around him like some kind of makeshift adult diaper.
Staring straight ahead as though nothing was happening, Castiel stroked and gripped at the meat of Dean's thigh, with each movement his hand inched closer and closer to the other mans crotch.
"Excuse me, I just need a quick word with Garth for a moment," he said to Jo, who looked at Garth questioningly.
“Well, they don’t get any presents for one thing. They…” at the look on Dean’s face, Castiel realises he has missed some double meaning somewhere… he looked down at himself, huge white beard, ridiculously oversized pants and coat, big shiny gold belt, black boots, a floppy red and white hat… He frowned and looked back up at Dean, “Really Dean? You think I’m hot as Santa?”
“Dean, you don’t have to…” begins Castiel, his heavy cock still held firmly in the hunter's hand, “we don’t have to…” shuddering when Dean swiped at the pearl of precum with the tip of his thumb.
“It means that he remembers who he is, things that happened in his childhood, you, he remembers how to do things like, ride a bike, use the internet… but not the things that happened before the accident. It’s possible that some of that is selective, that his brain is too overwhelmed to cope with whatever psychological trauma he endured and that he is blocking those memories from himself as a safeguard to save himself from the distress that they would cause, if that is the case he may get them back, however,  we can’t be sure that that is what is really going on here and even if it is... there is no guarantee that those memories will ever return.”
“Happy birthday brother, Sam's bringing you a surprise.” Click. The call cuts out, then he hears a long drawn out beeping noise. Castiel’s eyes flick up, staring straight ahead, his jaw locks. So Sam Winchester was looking for him…
"I never complain, even when you screw up. When you go cruising around with the King of Hell. When you give yourself the Mark of Cain... When you do any of the number of stupid and reckless things YOU have done. I do not complain, because you are my friend... and I trust you. I have faith in you..."
I just wanted to let the readers who are following this as it's being written know, that I have made some very minor changes to chapter one, as this story grew some things needed a little tweaking for it to fit more seamlessly together. However, these changes are literally only tiny and you shouldn't 'need' to go back and re-read if you don't want to.
Sam hadn’t been thrilled about it but understood Dean’s reasoning “Whatever helps you sleep at night dude, but you know… we didn’t need any more staff, what are you planning on doing? Cutting other’s hours?”
Gabriel’s face was bright red as he stared at them, “I think I know why we are here… and I, er… this might be my fault.”
"Well, I can't do any other night this week Cas, meeting Meg tonight for a coffee and tomorrow I have a meeting with my LARP'ing group.. as their Queen, I can't cancel..."
Just as Sam was about to ask Gabriel what he’d done now. The lights on the stage lit up, green, red and gold lights and a twinkling Christmas Tree adorned with fake snow and topped with a male angel in a mini skirt and bra. A voice suddenly rang out over the bar and the three friends quickly found a table and sat down, Gabriel flashing Sam and Castiel sheepish apologetic looks.
Castiel watches as Dean winces against the pain, admiring his shining ass and the way he looks utterly delicious, stood in front of him completely naked with his arms still taped together behind his back. Castiel swallows, his cock is still hard, painfully so… He knows he isn’t going to last very long.
“Do you want to stay here, Dean? Really?” Castiel looked away from the child, it hurt to know what the boy would choose would lead him to a hard and painful life but Castiel had to at least offer him an escape anyway, he had to try.
“Cas…” Dean tried to tell him not to bother, that he was likely in shock, but as Castiel looked down at him, eyes still shining, Dean found he didn’t have the heart to stop him from doing what was likely the only thing he could think of to distract himself from his violent ex’s actions… So instead he just lets Castiel clean his cut and gives him a half smile and whispers “Thanks”
As Luke made to move closer to Castiel again, Dean glared, pulling his fist back, "Must have been me then."
Balthazar was a fairly big player in the book editing business and his 'rival' editor had a new book coming out. According to Balthazar, Lisa Braedon had extended an invitation to him as a ‘courtesy’ but Balthazar clearly saw it a challenge and he was not one to back down easily.
Castiel smiled “Thank you, that is very generous,” He turned to look at the counter “I’m going to get a coffee, can I get you anything by way of thanks?”
It opens and Dean steps inside the darkness of the room and closes the door behind him, quickly fumbling for and feeling immense relief when he finds a lock, he locks it. Feeling himself take a breath for the first time since seeing Balthazar immerge from the kill room upstairs.
“Oh aye… Your brother seemed pretty hot for one of my regulars James, although…” the man frowned, placing the glass down on a shelf and scratching the back of his neck, “Not seen James for a few weeks, come to think of it…”
"Yeah" She smiled at him getting up "Just gonna grab a glass of water and then call a cab, hope that's alright?"
Sam, however, looked pissed “Dean…” He said firmly before pointedly nodding his head to his two young children.
"Well Dean told me to let you sort that out, he said you knew what you were doing, you have a budget of three hundred dollars to go and get a seat for yourself and some cushions or whatever and there is a corner being cleared near the kid's section for you to set up. That's what you'll be doing today, setting that up, that OK?"
I’m witty, approachable, humorously self-deprecating, engaging, and an awesome listener. I’ll ask questions, I’ll pay the check, I’ll walk him home and—should the moment presents itself—I’ll give him a kiss with just the right amount of tongue.
His hand gripped the bedroom door handle and turned it slowly. He stood still in the doorway as the door, opening before him, revealed more and more of the bedroom behind it, Balthazar sneered at the minty scent that assaulted his nostrils. Dean was sleeping. His hands cuffed to the bed frame above him. He was completely naked, completely alone, completely helpless. Balthazar smiled at the feeling that it was as though Castiel had left Dean for him, gift wrapped in the most beautifully vulnerable way.
you with every fiber of my being. I want you to hear it in your heart and in your mind that you were never anything more than a monster who stole my soul and threw me into darkness, even after everything that you made me do, I will survive this. My life will go on…”
True… Now you can worry about whether having a shit so early this morning, was a good idea? I mean… You had breakfast… and a big lunch… and you’re about to have a meal with Castiel right? In his house? If you’d gone to a restaurant it wouldn’t have mattered much, if you had to take a dump, you could easily blame it on someone else… But here… In his home, he is going to know you took a shit.
"You have been making a fool out of me for months," Said Castiel, he wasn’t actually sure how long it had been, but when Balthazar didn’t deny that it had been months Castiel’s eyes started to water with renewed sadness and anger.
Castiel’s eyes wandered over the scene, moving back up the road from where Sam’s car had crashed, there were more paramedics, gathered around something on the road. Castiel crept through the tree line, keeping out of sight.
Castiel falls asleep that night with an arm wrapped around Dean, holding him close. Dean lies awake for a while, a feeling of unease refusing to let him drift off. He slips free from Castiel’s grip and treads quietly downstairs to call his brother.
Sam closed the cab door and Dean watched as the cab pulled away, a feeling of crushing disappointment enveloping him. He looked back at the doors to 'The Triangle' thinking, before shaking his head and walking away down the street.
Long story short, Castiel had now agreed to go and join the man on a hunt, just the two of them, alone.
Balthazar shakes his head weakly and watches Castiel’s approach with soft eyes and a small smile. He tries to speak, but his throat is dry and the mask over his mouth makes the groaned words sound fuzzy and unrecognizable.
Castiel frowns, hating that he had to leave Dean alone after they had made so much progress today, “No, of course not. It’s not anything you did Dean, I assure you.”
“Firstly, so long as there's a fence between us, you can’t stop me from coming. Secondly, I happen to think it’s worth it. I
Right? Castiel was not under any circumstances thinking of reattempting that ‘almost kiss’ with Dean… Now that he had him alone. Right?
Friday morning and Dean's in his office on a call with Lisa, telling her about Balthazar's visit to the store...
“This is mine.” he says before letting go and poking a finger roughly over where Dean’s heart is, “That. Is mine.” he says glaring into Dean’s eyes. Then his finger rises again and he pokes into the side of Dean’s head with enough force that Dean’s head jerks to the side, “That is mine too,” Dean looks away from Castiel and down to the floor, Castiel pokes him again, “LOOK AT MY FACE, I OWN YOU! DO YOU UNDERSTAND?”
Castiel was startled from his thoughts when Dean came back into the living room and yawned loudly "Ready for bed?"
“Are you sure this is where Dean wanted to meet?” asked Sam with wide eyes as a man wearing tight leather pants passed, giving him a flirty wink and an eyebrow wiggle.
“Ah, s-slow down.” Mumbles Dean, his face is red and his hands are gripping desperately into the bedsheets, “James? Slow down.”
"Dean, come in," She said and moved out of his way so he could pass her. She closed the door behind him and turned back to face him looking slightly strained.
Creating a distraction had been surprisingly easy, Castiel had been very lucky, in that there had been a football match on locally between two rival teams. Michigan Wolverines and Army Black Knights fans were well known for their dislike of each other. Whenever the two teams played there was sure to be fighting amongst the fans, Castiel had waited all day and until the match was over, he’d watched the hospital from across the street, waiting for the drunken football fans to turn up, then he’d casually followed them in and began stirring the hate between them all until a brawl of around thirty fans had broken out.
Castiel disguises the annoyance on his face before it breaks the surface and walks up to Dean cupping his face in his hands, he finds and holds his gaze, “Of course you can, Dean. It’s been six months, you’re ready. You know I wouldn’t even ask if I wasn’t sure that you were ready… You can do this. You don’t want to let that man ruin the rest of our lives, do you? I just… I want to make you feel good, can I make you feel good Dean, please?”
"Dude, Its fucking Castiel... He is wearing the red scarf he said he would be in the message..." Dean moved away from the window and looked at Sam as though he'd just taken a huge bite out of a lemon.
The water 'fight' had actually been quite refreshing. The water cooled their hot skin pleasantly. Castiel had had a bucket tipped over his head, drenching him from top to bottom. It made his clothes stick to his skin, not that Dean noticed - of course.
He’d spent the next two years working on Castiel, beating him into submission, fucking him senseless, starving him into compliance, locking him up when he felt like it would have been better to just kill him. Castiel had resisted him for a long, long time. Balthazar had explained over and over that they were both angels, that that meant they belonged together, that he and Castiel would always be connected. That no one would ever feel about Castiel as strongly as he does. After a time, Castiel seemed to give in and accept that this was his life and that Balthazar’s word was final.
I was washing my car… I guess the sex fantasy of being bent over it had something to do that, she was a bit of a mess and I don’t fancy getting fucked into a muddy bonnet…
Castiel couldn’t remember the last time Balthazar had held him like that. He thought he’d only been missing out on sex, but that simply wasn’t true… Those pecks on the cheek were just that, a fleeting offering of ingenuine affection but Dean, Dean had really held him, hugged him tightly into his chest and everything… all of the sadness he had worked so hard to pretend didn’t affect him, to hide, had come spilling out of him. Dean’s strong arms had given him more comfort in those few minutes than Balthazar had offered him in months. Not to mention that he had smelt wonderful.
Dean swallows, meeting Castiel’s eyes with an emotional expression, “I missed you, Cas…” he shakes his head, “Like… so fucking much.”
Dean flinches at the sudden stretch, hissing slightly. Castiel ignores him though, Dean might not remember but Castiel does, he knows exactly how much Dean can take and this is nothing even close to it. Castiel praises Dean as he moves above him, drinking in Dean’s contorted expression each time he thrusts forward and groaning wildly at the feel of Dean’s tightness surrounding him.
“Good. You must only answer the questions, saying anything else… will be classed as a wrong answer and you will be punished.”
Castiel just laughed at her as he continued on his way to the bathroom, shutting the door behind him.
“Fine, but that dick disappeared and I don’t know, Sam, I didn’t want to leave Cas there… I mean… Balthazar had lost the plot…”
The shop opened and a steady flow of customers kept them busy until lunchtime when a slow hour gave Castiel the chance to log in to his Match.com profile and check if he had a new message from 'Win67'. No new messages, he felt a twinge of disappointment as he closed his profile and clicked out of the page.
Castiel looked at Dean, who shrugged at him before turning back to Jess and stepping forward “Yes, thank you…” He followed Jess into the kitchen.
Dean is still naked, except for his blindfold, of course, which has been neatly positioned back over his eyes. He’s bolted to the floor by an ankle strap on each leg. There are two short chains holding them down, he has a cuff on each wrist that is connected to a chain that hangs down from the ceiling. His arms are chained up and spread wide. Castiel’s come is slowly oozing from his hole. He can hear nothing, but his own breathing and do nothing but wait for Castiel to return, so he waits.
He crawls on his hands and knees up over Dean’s body, lowering his own throbbing cock over Deans, he wipes at the tear with a single finger and brings it up to his lips, tasting its salty flavor on his tongue and groaning.
“Aren’t you meant to be in work?” Asked Castiel suspiciously but stepping out of the way for Garth to enter. He relocked the door and turned to his friend.
The song was nearing the end and Dean made sure to find Castiel’s eye and lock into his gaze, singing directly to him…
Breathing deep, calming breaths Balthazar rises to his feet. The problem was worse than he’d feared and it reinforces his need to, once and for all, get rid of Dean Winchester.
On his way home, he took a detour, it was silly really and he wasn’t sure why he did it. But he had to see it for himself, he walked into the Winchester Superstore, hoping no one spotted him. He walked in holding his grocery bag and looked up with wide eyes, the shop was brightly lit, clean, there was a buzz of a friendly atmosphere less personal than ‘Heavens Library’ but there all the same. He spied Charlie in the story corner, he smiled as he saw her turning the pages of a book and dramatically gasping at whatever was happening in the plot to excite the children sat around her thrown on squishy cushions.
“Dean, listen. Clothes can be replaced… I’m just glad you were here. We’re going to sort this, you have to tell the police though… If it was him, he can’t get away with this…”
"I'd fuck you roughly, would you like that? I'd make it hurt so good Dean. You'd never want another man's cock inside you again. Only me"
He shook his head side to side and bit his lip, he'd already admitted it, to Sam... He liked 'Shopboy' and now, he had discovered he liked Castiel too. He knew Castiel liked 'Win67', he had confessed to Dean that 'Win67' had made him feel better when he felt lonely, that he felt they had a connection. He remembered hearing those words spill from Castiel's lips and felt the same squirming in his stomach. Yup... he was crushing. Hard. There was only one thing to do now.
“I don’t know… exactly. Hopefully no more than a few hours. Maybe a little longer, so you’re going to need to eat something and use the bathroom now.”
The barman raises his eyebrow and plucks the photo from Sam’s hand, holding it under a dim bar light and looking at it closely, “Yeah,” he says gruffly, looking up at Sam, “I remember him, a bit of a lightweight, he only had a couple of drinks… then was stumbling all over the place, I remember because he knocked into one of my girls; Meg, sent her whole tray of beers flying.”
Castiel shifted in his seat, these hard plastic hospital chairs made his bum go numb, they were very uncomfortable. His eyes flick over to Dean on his soft bed, his face was so peaceful, the bruises and cuts had faded and healed and it looked as though he was just sleeping, well in a way he was. Castiel leans closer to Dean, taking hold of his hand in his own.
She looked at the two men who were currently rolling around on the floor swiping at each other in a way that might have been comical if it wasn't for the fact that Charlie looked like she had a broken nose... Meg looked to Garth, Jo, and Castiel for answers... "Who's side are we on?"
Castiel sighed dreamily at the thought of living on a boat, he wondered if he’d be able to sleep or if the rolling waves would keep him awake.
Charlie took the beer the beer from him "Sure... You're OK though, right?" She added with a glance at him as she took the offered drink.
Castiel relaxed, seeing the happy kids buying the harry potter books and toy owls, unaware that at that very moment a sign was going up less than two blocks away 'Winchester Super Store to open - October 1st'
Castiel swallows and nods, warily following Dean out of the bathroom… they both freeze when their eyes fall on the spot of the floor where Balthazar had fallen, the spot that was now empty… Dean steps in front of Castiel scanning the room. Where the fuck had he gone? He and Castiel search the rest of the house together… But Balthazar wasn’t there.
Startled Castiel pulls himself out of his thoughts and looks up into the concerned face of Meg, he offers her a weak smile, “Hello, Meg.”
"Who got?" Asked Garth as he walked into the store. Castiel looked at him and his eyes widened in shock. He looked ill, very pale and with bags under his eyes, as though he hadn’t slept for a while.
Who’s side are you on? It’s alright for you either way! You still get touched, played with, you still get yours!
“I’m not scared,” muttered Dean, still clutching him tightly, his eyes were closed and as Castiel flew higher he felt the boy bury his head into his chest.
Castiel pauses a short distance away from him, looking hurt, “I thought… I thought you liked it?” He asks almost sounding shy.
"Mom caught John watching some show the other night, Dad had fallen asleep on the couch watching this zombie show and John woke up and went into the living room. Mom went mad," she giggled before adding, "Dad was in trouble."
Dale is a 6ft tall, broad shouldered, 30 something, tattooed hunter they had met on a case the week before. Dean rolls his eyes at the memory of the man fawning all over Castiel like some starstruck fanboy,
It was after he had left Castiel’s house on Monday morning for work that he had realised. After he had kissed him at the door and had walked away from him, driven away, looking back in the rear view mirror to see Cas watching his car to the very end of the street, that pang of regret had hit him and he’d realised. Something was wrong, something was missing.
“I just don’t trust him… with you.” says Dean louder and unmistakably angry. It was enough to catch Castiel off guard, Dean seizing the moment to advance once again, Castiel trapped between the wall and the hunter. “If you got hurt, if he hurt you, what would we do then? What would I do then, Cas?”
Balthazar looks up at him "Sometime after you two passed out together on the couch, a fun night I take it?"
Castiel was first to finish his three shots, followed by Meg, then Charlie, Dean, Garth and finally Jo, who was still making faces at the taste. Dean and Charlie stumbled to the bar to get the next round in as Katy Perry's 'ET' came on, making the floor buzz with the vibrations from the speakers.
"Wish I could, Jess was pissed at me for letting him see that show... I mean I didn't do it on purpose, but that show can be pretty brutal so I do get it" He sighed “But it’s not like he was scared… He hasn’t had any nightmares or anything”
“I’ll have a coffee, thank you” Smiled Lisa. She watched Castiel move away to the counter, he was attractive, tall, dark hair… Dean’s type, she thought to herself with a smile. He’d sounded almost giddy when she had agreed to meet up with Castiel and it had Lisa wondering if there was more to this ‘friendship’ than Dean had been willing to let on.
“No, Cas… It isn’t. It’s everything, it’s me, being too scared. It’s you - running off to heaven over, and over. It’s me, you or Sam, or anyone else who we all dare to care about, getting hurt or dying and the fact that I had always thought, always known… If I let us have this, if I truly got to have you - the way I’ve wanted for so long, and then lost you… It would be a fate worse than anything I’ve had thrown at me before, it would be worse than death… Living without you, it wouldn’t be a life worth living.”
He looked at it, before typing a quick message he pressed send and went to open his shop door, hurrying inside and locking it carefully behind him.
Dean watches as Balthazar picks each item carefully from the shelving behind the sheet plastic and places them neatly on the metal wheely trolly next to him.
Sam waves his hands in front of him “Sorry, that came out wrong. I just mean… Why are you asking about that?”
Dean could hardly believe it, it was such a simple, yet perfect offer. All the empty had ever cared about was sleep, it just wanted peace and quiet and Jack had offered it that. It’s very own heaven, it was genius. He could hardly believe it, Cas was back, needing that confirmation one last time he asked, “So, you're safe then?”
“Sleep. Jack is going to create a heaven for the empty, it’s own personal, sealed, soundproof and dark place to sleep.”
Castiel scratched at his chin, the beard itched against his skin like no one’s business. Wisps of long white hair kept getting in his eyes as he bent over to place presents under the oddly decorated Christmas tree. Car air fresheners and hex bags being just some of the unusual items that dangled from the trees branches.
“I can’t believe you’re really here…” whispers Castiel as he works loose the top button to Dean’s uniform shirt.
"My place?" He offered as though he'd accept Dean saying no… Luckily though, Dean didn't. He followed him willingly. Walking close to him, stopping him once they were outside the bar and Castiel allowed him to push him lightly against the wall, as though Dean was in control... He smiles into the kiss, Dean’s hot tongue against his lips, massaging against his tongue, Castiel was rock hard in seconds. This man was a drug and Castiel was quickly becoming addicted, he’d never be able to give him up now… not even if he wanted to.
"I live here," Said Balthazar cockily, getting up from the armchair to face him "Where else was I going to be?"
Dean left Sam's house feeling optimistic and took a cab to the bar he was meeting Castiel and the others. As he got out the cab he shivered slightly, his outfit did little in terms of keeping warm. He put on his helmet, which covered most of his face and walked up the steps to the bar. He saw his reflection and smirked, he looked good.
“You never know.” Castiel winks at the boy, as though sharing a secret and seeming to understand, the boy smiles up at him.
Castiel bites at Dean's collar bone as he starts to come, he grips the base of Dean's cock roughly, sliding one leg up against the wall to better support Dean's weight, the roar he lets out as he spurts into Dean's ass is raw and animalistic. He presses forward as deep as he can go into Dean and pants against his throat, feeling Dean's rapid pulse through his cheek.
He hadn't realized how much space Balthazar had taken up, it had seemed to work out that Castiel had bought all the bulky furniture, the bed, the table and chairs, the sofas, dresser, and wardrobe... But all the little decorative touches had been Balthazar's, except for Castiel’s books of course. He’d kept a few of his favorites from the shop and sold the rest to an online story that would then sell them on.
Now it was Castiel's turn to roll his eyes, "Being happy isn't just about 'getting some'." Although 'getting some' would be nice, he thinks to himself. He and Balthazar used to be wild, they used to be all over each other... What the hell happened? Was it something he’d done?
“Good,” Said Charlie “Because I would have had you hospitalized for stupidity if you did, just so you know”
Dean wipes bitter tears from his eyes as he turns into Castiel’s embrace, clinging to the man as though the earth was opening up beneath him and Castiel was his lifeline. He sniffs deeply and then pulls back from Castiel giving him a watery smile.
A message flashed up from an unknown number... 'Thank you for taking care of my friends this evening and thank you for the chat, you made me feel better'
“My brother has been missing for a week and you’ve got nothing! No leads, no suspects, no trace of him? What the hell am I meant to do with that?”
This time, when the door to the kill room swings open with an eerie creaking sound, Dean sees that the table thing he’d been bent over before was moved to the side of the room and in its place was a single wooden chair.
Castiel sighed sadly, his guilt making him turn away from the child, “I’m afraid I can not. I must return to my duties. I wasn't supposed to come here tonight…”
Suddenly Castiel realized that Balthazar had his hand on his waist, with a sick knot forming in his stomach he looked up at the man who he had once loved, Balthazar was smiling... as though he actually expected Castiel to let him do what he was clearly going to try and do...
He reached the level he knew Alistair 'worked' on, for there had been rumours that he was the demon holding Dean and Castiel somehow just knew... Dean was here. Somewhere, locked away in one of these grimy, blackened cells. Castiel could feel his long-ago prayer whispering out to him on repeat...
He hoped if he expressed to Balthazar that he had enjoyed last night, Balthazar would take the hint and they could spend some more 'just us' time together - whether it is in the bedroom or not.
Castiel wondered if Meg had seen the paper yet, she was a friend of Charlie's who owned a quaint coffee shop on the next street.
After Sam had given her a card, she headed back out the door of the store. As she left she saw a slick black Impala pull up. She watched as Dean got out of the car.
“There are cognitive therapies that have been used in helping people regain memories they’ve lost, your brother may want to look into that if and when he feels ready…” The doctor looks away for a moment, then he looks back at Sam with a disturbed look on his face, “In your brothers case though, I’m not sure that is something that I would advise, he’s lost the last few months of his memory, he doesn’t remember being taken or anything that happened to him while he was being held… I made the collection of forensic evidence in your brothers case myself, your brother's abuse was physical in both that it was violent and sexual… That may not be something he wishes to remember.”
Castiel sighed “Dean knows I don’t blame him… I mean, not really. It’s a strange situation, trying to be friends with the man partly responsible for… I know it isn’t his fault, really, I know it wasn’t a personal thing… My hearts just trying to catch up with my brain I guess.”
Over the vampire's shoulder, Castiel can see a third monster rush forward and catch hold of Sam’s arm as he tries to raise his blade to stop it. It holds him still as the first one bats the blade in his hand away. With bile rising up his throat like acid, Castiel sees the vampire throw back his head, before latching his wide open mouth to Sam’s flesh and bite into his neck deeply…
Castiel blushed deep red 'now that I'm single' he thought. He looked at the doctor and noticed to his surprise that he had blushed too. He made an amused noise in his throat and shook his head.
It was to much, Castiel's heart felt like it might burst, "Don't make promises you can't..." he began.
Castiel sighs, “No, no… You’re right. It was my fault you got hurt last night. I’m sorry, I didn’t realize that you’d regain your strength so soon, I mean it’s wonderful really, how strong you are but I know you’re still struggling with all of this, it is a big change, moving in with someone.”
Dean’s heart ached for Castiel, as he looked at him, his tear-streaked face, pale and frightened. “Don’t stay here then, at least not today… I’m… er,” He paused thinking, there was no way that Sam would refuse Castiel a seat at his table… but he should check before just turning up with him “I’m sure my brother has room for one more, I’ll text him. You can come and have Thanksgiving with us… if you want?”
“I know,” Said Jess placing her arms around Sam’s waist and hugging herself into him tightly “But you didn’t answer my question”
The constant swiping sound of the windscreen wipers is his only companion, he doesn’t want to risk putting on the radio and losing focus. Not tonight. It’s far too important. Keeping his eyes sharp he turns on to the street of Balthazar’s bar.
His key slides easily into the lock, Balthazar flattens his hand against the door as he opens it to dull the sound. He steps over the threshold and breathes in deeply, the space around his is thick with Castiel’s scent, how he’d missed it. Closing the door silently he places his silver case on the floor gently, he wipes his wet boots against the doormat and shucks off his coat, hanging it on the coat stand.
Castiel’s expression hardened as his anger threatened to surface, “Yes, your father… Would you let me see it?”
Balthazar clicked a button on the projector and a new image flashed up. This time, it is a picture of Castiel bound and bloody in the trunk of a car. Dean turns from the image to Balthazar with parted lips, eyes wide, hands shaking.
“I’m staying at his tomorrow night, I’ll tell him then, it’s going to be easier to explain it face to face”
A while later, when Dean wakes up, Castiel is sat on the bed next to him, staring at him in such an unnerving way that it chills Dean’s insides to his core...
Once inside, he kicked off his shoes and peeled off his socks, his feet were white and wrinkled so he flexed the cold out of his toes for a moment before standing up to strip off the rest of his clothing. Standing in his boxers, he fumbled in a cupboard for a towel and tried to dry off his saturated skin. He scrubbed the towel over his hair and it spiked up in odd directions. He found a pair of old sweat pants in a drawer and pulled them on before crawling into his bed and pulling his laptop toward him.
Lisa chuckled “Yes, I see your point. So, what are you thinking about writing? Do you have a target age group in mind?”
“Yeah, I suppose that’s true… But why the sudden interest in people we’ve put out of business? Is this because hiring Charlie and Garth has been going well or is this about impressing Castiel?”
He puts a load in the washing machine, puts fresh bedding on the bed, hoovers and then starts preparing some snacks for them. At six, there is a light knock on the door and Charlie smiles at him as he lets her in.
Now that Dean and the man's hands were free the man stretched a hand out towards him with a smile, "No problem. I'm Castiel, I own this store."
"Well I think we might be a bit old for trick or treating Dean," she laughed, "Oh but isn't Chuck having a party?"
"By the way," said Balthazar as he removed his coat, he held it up in an odd way that made Castiel frown and wonder what he was doing, until he suddenly pulled out from one of the pockets... "I got us some more coffee," he smiled "Sorry.. about this morning."
"I'm gonna go," Said Charlie sensing the awkwardness in the air, she didn't want to leave Castiel with this asshole, but she knew if she stayed and an argument broke out she'd likely only make things worse "I need to get back and change... and shower"
"No, you have to tell him. That arsehole is cheating on him, and Castiel seems like such a nice guy and he needs to know the truth, that he is seeing someone else and that he threatened you. I don't want to stay if he is coming and we have to pretend like everything is fine, it isn’t and I certainly will not be able to keep my mouth shut if he threatens you again" Said Jo desperately “Please, you need to talk to Castiel”
Now it was Meg's turn to snort "The only one who looks like a fool here Cas, is him. Come on, get up our cab will be here any minute. You’re better off without that shithead, okay? It’s gonna be alright"
Castiel tiptoes into the hall and looks through the peephole. Watching Balthazar as he goes down the stairs, disappearing from sight. He walks back into his bedroom and looks out the front window as Balthazar walks out onto the street and turns a corner. Turning to sit down at his desk with an expression of anticipation on his face, Castiel opens the laptop in front of him and it loads. 'ONE NEW MESSAGE' He smiles as he sees it is from 'Win67'
Castiel feigned a look of shock when Dean grabbed his wrist and pulled him roughly away from Luke, in reality being manhandled like that sent waves of heat shooting straight to his dick but he wasn't about to let Dean know that... not yet anyway.
He'd told them of the night he'd met Dean, how the two of them had been in Balthazar's bar and how they'd hit it off... and how Balthazar had seemed jealous of Castiel's interest in Dean.
Garth looked at him, meeting his eyes for a second before quickly looking away "I'm fine, just tired.. and shit - I forgot the bacon"
Dean had frozen. Castiel had frozen. There was no denying it, they both knew they were both awake...
“Maybe get Garth to text him?” Suggested Dean to Charlie “I don’t think he wants to see me for a while…”
“Dean…” He said in barely more than a whisper, his eyes shone once again as he turned to face Dean “You bought…?”
“Good morning beautiful.” says Castiel, “I wondered when you would rejoin the land of the living.” Castiel lowers his mouth to Dean’s throat and licks and kisses at Dean’s neck.
“Balthazar… rumor has it he hasn’t been doing too well. I have a friend who works in his building who told me last night that he’s been turning up to work drunk…” Lisa paused “Apparently he has been given a final warning, according to my friend… He seems slightly unstable at the moment. My advice is to be careful. I don’t know exactly what happened between you and him, but I don’t want you to get hurt.”
"This is Benny," Said Charlie stroking the doctor's arm and giggling "He gave me some kick-ass drugs and then rearranged my face ha ha.. Its funny... because it's true" She laughed again.
Dean’s dick grew harder at the intense images his brain had begun to provide all the while he could still feel Castiel's sizable erection against his ass cheeks. He swallowed nervously as he slowly moved one of his hands down under the blanket toward his crotch. It was a strange feeling... Half of him was praying that Castiel didn't wake up as his hand slipped under the waistband of his boxers, grasping at himself. The other half of him though... was giddy with excitement at the thought that Castiel may catch him. He would be forced to react and Dean would know one way or another if they could ever be more than friends, like he’d dreamed.
The taxi driver chuckled before adding... "Well don't stop there blonde (He said addressing Jo now) you guys get in here and look like you've been in a bar brawl... asking to go to the hospital... Which is fine, but I need a story to tell the lads back at the office and you guys deffo win the most interesting pick up of the evening. My names Gabe by the way"
Dean grinned, "Ok, well I have to drop some stuff off at the boat, while we are doing that you two can decide what you would like to do, okay?"
Castiel looked at him, he was still annoyed but his face softened as he heard Balthazar explain himself "I'm sorry too. I didn't intend for it to turn into a drunken slumber party, we were just having fun. Can I make it up to you?"
YOU LISTEN HERE YOU SELFISH BASTARD, we have both ignored Asshole, long enough. He is lonely, he is down, he needs some attention, and love, he needs to feel the hot slide of Dean’s meat.
"I slapped him for hitting Garth... and being a royal prick," Said Charlie from the front of the cab.
Lisa seemed to recover herself in time to add, "We haven't talked about that." to the person who asked the question, sensing the 'awkward' in the air, that person had moved away. Dean, noting the lack of the word 'yet' at the end of her sentence, relaxed, at least she wasn't expecting him to propose. If anything... they seemed to be headed in the same direction, they both wanted out, they just didn't want to hurt each other and didn't know how to approach the subject. Lisa caught Dean's eye
"You are serious?" Sam peeped in the window "Well, I guess your kinda off the hook then... There is no way that that guy is gonna want to have a drink with us.."
Castiel grips a hand full of his hair and tugs his head back harshly, he breathes roughly against the side of Dean’s neck for a moment, before licking the shell of Dean's ear and continuing in an unnervingly calm voice, "I think the only thing to do here, to make sure… is make it so that you are begging me… To make you scream my name and have you
"You do know who that is, don't you? That's Dean Winchester" Said Balthazar quietly as he reached Castiel’s side. Castiel stared at him, no… that couldn’t be right… that couldn’t be…
'Salad will do that to a guy. I was craving meat, like red, juicy meat and I was presented with grilled chicken and a side of weeds. You should go sailing if you get the chance, I love New York but it is nice to get out of the city and on to the water for an afternoon. As for the rule-breaking, I only realized after I sent the message, sorry. I guess I was feeling rebellious and needed to vent, hope you don't mind. Just difficult sometimes to remember that we haven't ever met, as we talk to each other every day it feels weird sometimes to leave things out... If that makes sense? Win67'
"Yeah... I’m close, Cas, I’m - fuck!" Dean gritted his teeth, moaning as Castiel pushed up into him again, hitting that spot inside of him that made him see fucking stars... He could feel himself on the edge, so close to heaven, ready to explode, "Ahhh. Shit!" Dean's whole body clenched and tightened. His hole gripped around Castiel, as he came...
He asks exasperatedly as he tries to steer the conversation on… He internally shuddered at the images his imagination came up with of Cas and Dale. He shook his head to rid those thoughts, replacing them instead with ideas on how to come up with a plan to keep Casteil here… with him.
Castiel though her idea might not be a bad one... He would ask Balthazar about it later, to see what he thought...
“Nice suit,” smirked Dean, stepping forward and putting the glass of whiskey in his hand down on the coffee table, “You know that Jacks sleeping, right?”
Dean turns away from Castiel, as his eyes bleed out tears of exhaustion, pain, and fear. He’d been here for three days. He missed his brother, he wondered if Sam was trying to find him if the police were looking for him? He’d tried to get out on his own. He’d refused to eat, but now… He was starving and he could either be weak through hunger or be weak through drugs… not much of choice really but he thought, ‘Maybe Castiel will uncuff me so that I can eat… maybe then I’d have a chance to get out of here’.
Thanks, sorry, just not ready for you to see me all disgusting yet, got an image of being ‘hot’ to uphold ;-)
“Shut up,” says Dean, but his words have no real heat to them and then he slowly nods in agreement, and concedes, “Yeah, it is.”
The two men stand before each other. Gripping each other's arms tightly, their eyes brimming with tears… In a perfect world Dean would lean forward, their eyes would close and he’d show Cas, just what he meant. But this is not a perfect world - even with Chuck gone, and in a way Dean was glad that he didn’t suddenly have the courage to lean forward and kiss Castiel because at least he knew now, the thing that held him back - it wasn’t Chuck, it was himself. He was still himself, everything he had ever felt about Castiel - was real. Cas was right about that too, they are real. So, despite wanting to kiss the man in front of him, despite finally having confessed how he felt, Dean wasn’t ready for the next step yet but it made him happy, relieved - he was in control, he was writing his own story, he was free. And he and Castiel had the time to figure ‘them’ out, they’d get there, and soon - Dean had no doubt about that now.
The first whack came faster than Dean had expected. His father's fist connected brutally with the side of his face and the world spun. Dazed Dean crumpled back into the long grass, where he’d been trying to get to his feet. Dean couldn’t quite make out Castiel’s crazed screaming as his father’s fists beat down on him. His face, his arms, his chest, battered repeatedly. Turning over with a groan and spitting out blood, he covered his head with his arm as he tried to reason with his father.
When he reaches his room, he smiles, his bed is rumpled and his sheets are soaked in that coconut smell that he adores. Castiel kept his word about sleeping in his bed. The thought makes the possessive sleeping beast within him awaken and uncurl.
Two hours later, he was showered, shaved and dressed smartly as he and Balthazar arrived at The Fantasy Room.
"I'm not gay," said Dean suddenly and Castiel's eyes widened at the apparent back tracking going through Dean's head, but then Dean stepped forward and continued, "I'm not gay, I've never been interested in men, never... So, I find myself wondering, why the fuck I haven't been able to get you out of my head since the first day you stumbled into class..."
"Good morning to you too," he says out loud to the empty room, before chewing a fingernail as he waits for the message to load, impatiently.
Castiel woke up, feeling tired and achy from sleeping on lumpy cushions on the floor. He tried not to think of the events of the previous night too much, making himself busy he tidied up by putting the cushions back into story corner and grabbed a black marker from behind the till, writing in big clear print on a piece of card 'Due to unforeseen circumstances the shop is closed today. We are sorry for the inconvenience.' He hung the sign in the window and went to his computer, logging in and chewing a nail as he thought about if 'Win67' had been waiting at the bar last night... what if he had seen the fight?
Castiel chewed his nail, thinking - Should he write another message saying sorry.. or should he leave it? Suddenly he got his answer as a new message from 'Win67' popped up. He clicked on the message a tense feeling in his chest, claiming as his eyes rolled over 'Win67's message.
He was looking forward to moving and starting fresh, creating his own space. He’d bought himself a new computer for his writing. He’d begun to draft ideas for children's books and he’d been in touch with a local artist that he’d met at Meg’s cafe about maybe illustrating his works. He had been emailing the young woman called Claire Milton back and forth and she had shown him some of her drawings, which Castiel loved.
Dean laughed, "We'll see, maybe a few sweets with lunch but not just sweets, your dad would never let me look after you again. Who's ready to go out on the boat?"
"It was weird sleeping alone after all this time, but yeah. You know Dean, if you need any help with the store opening, you can still always call me."
Not only has 'Win67' seemed to pick up on and not mind Castiel's own mild flirtation, but had responded with one of his own... Castiel's eyes kept wandering back to the words 'craving meat' and 'juicy', they weren't there by accident, they couldn't be.
Castiel enters 'his' room. Unsure of everything, himself, Jack, Dean... Yes, he'd kept Jacks condition to himself. But he'd done it to try and keep Dean and Sam from worrying, much like his deal with The Empty, he had only wanted to protect them. He sat on his bed and stared into his hands as though the answer might appear before him but nothing happened. No answer came, for there was none. Jack was missing, Dean was out drinking his feelings, Mary was lay on her own bed, alive but gone... He'd tried to heal her, he'd tried a dozen times. But nothing he'd done had, had any effect.
His serious expression fades into a smile as Jess opened the door, he held his hands out to each side, tilted his head to the left slightly and smiled at her, kissing her cheek as she leaned into a hug.
Castiel watches through narrowed eyes as Sam squeezes Dean's hand before he is wheeled away to X-ray.
Castiel stared at the radio with bated breath. Not knowing what he is hoping to hear, if Dean wakes up, he’d surely give him up to the police… If Dean died...
“I only speak the truth… Anyway… We’re banned from that hell hole… What’s next? Dean’s getting pissy in here… I can feel him scratching away”
As a breath rushes out of him, the whisper of the word flys through it and gets lost in the wind, "Dean?"
Dean was really going for it on the stage now, dancing around and singing loudly, encouraged by the sight of Castiel smiling up at him. The crowd of drag Queens  next to the stage were screaming and cheering for him. Egging him on.
Castiel stopped himself from asking her of her knowledge of this and said instead, "It's not like that. We just E-mail. It's really nothing, on top of which I'm thinking of stopping because it's getting..."
"If the shop shuts and I don't find another job, maybe," Said Castiel noting how guilty Dean looked.
But suddenly that thought was cut off, Dean’s eyes widened dramatically as Castiel groaned against the back of Dean's neck. Dean froze, feeling his skin prickle under the warm breath that ghosts over his skin. With wild, desperate eyes he listens... Just to make matters worse he could feel his own cock twitching and swelling with interest at the noise his friend had made. The noise didn't come again, so Dean lay there, thinking. Imaging.
“What’s that?” asked Dean, fear spiking again, deals were never a good thing. What had Jack offered the empty in exchange for Cas?
"Yes, this is very fancy," He said motioning around (Castiel gave him a subtle sidewards glare, as he realized he was mimicking his earlier words) "Congratulations on your new book"
Dean wakes up in a great mood the next morning, he clambers out of bed and instead of turning his radio alarm off, he cranks up the volume and sings and whistles along to it happily as he gets himself ready for work. He takes some painkillers for the dull ache in his ribs, the pain had almost gone now, thankfully. He fires off a text to his brother and is about to heads to Meg’s cafe for some coffee when he hears a knock on the side of his boat.
Dean warms up to him even further when Castiel begins sneaking things into the hospital for him, usually non-hospital-standard food, such as slices of pie. Castiel brings him newspapers and they fill in the puzzles together, he brings playing cards and lets Dean win most of the time, acting ‘cute’ sulky when he loses. He helps Dean with his physiotherapy each day, holding on to Dean’s hand with personal relish as Dean regains his strength and walks slowly up and down the hospital corridor.
Balthazar’s eyes snap open in time to see Dean fleeing… He gets to his feet, tilts his head to either side of his neck until he hears that oh so satisfying ‘
Bro, it’s still warm and have you smelt it? Fuuuuucking hell, I’m sorry to do this to you man… But I gotta stretch up and out if you know what I mean…
Shaking, Dean slowly turned feeling Castiel ease off his grip of Dean’s arm. He hated that he was putting himself over the table, hated that he stayed still, closing his eyes and preying as Castiel fastened the buckles around his ankles so tightly that the straps dug into his skin.
Castiel unlocked a door and tugged him through it. He looks about him, if he thought he’d been afraid before… it was nothing to how he felt now.
Thanks to the images on Dean’s phone, Castiel spots Sam’s Dodge Charger parked up outside the motel near The Lower Angel right away, carefully he parks his car in the space next to it. He waits for a few minutes to make sure that there is no one else about, before he gets out of his car, closing the door gently, quietly.
At the mention of Dean, Balthazar’s face flickers with trepidation. Though Sam wouldn’t have thought it possible, his face pales further and a bead of sweat forms on his forehead, rolling slowly down the side of his face as he continues to stare wide eyed at John.
Dean felt a blush creeping up his neck, thank god the landing light wasn't on, "Yeah... Mum said he could stay over. That’s alright, isn’t it?"
He dropped into his bed like a brick and actually napped for the first time in years... Probably something to do with his energetic niece and nephew running him ragged all over New York. Minding the kids had been exhausting and when added to the awkward half-hour in Heaven's Library, he was ready to sleep for a week. His last thought before drifting off into a cherry pie induced coma was how the shop owner had been so unfairly attractive.
The next morning, Castiel comes into the bedroom with a tray of bacon and pancakes. He slams them down on the bedside table. Dean jolts awake and stares at him.
Castiel had gone home from Meg’s without eating lunch and feeling exhausted, he hadn’t meant in cry in front of Dean, he hadn’t meant to let it all overwhelm him at that moment, but something in Dean’s eyes had just set him off, it was almost like. He couldn’t hide from Dean. Dean really saw him, saw his pain and then… he’d embraced it… him.
. When Dean did not give him an immediate reply, Castiel huffed, grabbed for his bag roughly and turned to head for the stairs, absolutely ignoring the way his heart began to unravel and the thought of leaving Dean behind. He’d left before, and each time a part of him had hoped that Dean would have stopped him, but he never had. This time hurt more, because Dean knew where he was going, who with and the ‘what could happen’.
“See what you make me do… I hate hurting you, sweetheart. But you have to Shut. The. Fuck. Up.” He grips Dean’s chin and drops the tablet into his open mouth. Dean’s eyes are wild and Castiel can feel himself thickening up at the look on his lovers face. He holds a hand over Dean’s mouth until he is sure that the tablet has been swallowed and then leans down over Dean, lying on top of him. He presses his crotch against Dean and hums low in his throat as he rocks himself forward over Dean.
Dean can hear Castiel’s footsteps getting closer. Whatever was going to happen, was mere seconds away, trembling he tried to grip one of his hands around the other, holding on to himself for comfort. The first smack rockets painfully through his entire body, making him jerk forward so sharply that the table thing he is strapped to rocks on its front legs before falling back on to all four legs.
“Not yet… Let’s show these two fools what we’re really capable of… Then they will never want to separate us again”
, that was a beautiful sound, a deep rumbling moan that could melt butter into a delicious puddle of goo. He knows he couldn't have made up that sound, not in his wildest dreams... Carefully, he rolled his hips again, still stroking his fingers over Dean's chest lightly. He felt Dean relax slightly, probably -hopefully- feeling the same bloom of relief that he was feeling, this was real, they both were awake, aware... wanting.
“Clearly, I made a mistake. I stopped showing you who you belong to and now… you seem to have forgotten.” Castiel grabs Dean by a tuft of hair and pulls his face up roughly to look at him, “So, this is me, swallowing my pride and admitting that I made a mistake… but I’m going to fix it. I’m going to fix it right now.” He suddenly turns and starts dragging Dean across the floor to the door by his hair.
Leaving Dean to sleep it off on the bed, ties back in place on his wrists, Castiel walks from the room with a big smile on his face. As he reaches the end of the corridor, he hears his phone ringing… Frowning he follows the sound to his room and crosses it to the bedside table. Castiel narrows his eyes at the ringing phone, he shakes his head annoyed and then picks up the phone lifting it to his ear.
“Well, John and Ellen are in the garden at the moment. But that would be great if you kept them entertained whilst I sorted out the turkey?”
Of course, you, my little rosebud, you needn’t act so coy, open your petals and reveal yourself to me, my flower…
"It'll just be a few hours Dean, don't be a jerk. If you had gotten them to finish my office sooner it would already be done!" Said Sam over the phone, "I'll drop them off in the morning, OK?"
“As I am meant to look after you, come on, Dean… Let’s get you home, out of the cold.” Castiel says quietly taking Dean’s hand in his own. Dean nods and the pair begin to walk hand in hand back to the parked Impala nearby. Castiel sending an eerie smile over his shoulder as he glances back to the gravestone that was beautifully engraved with the words...
Opening his eyes again, Castiel picks up the laptop, the charging wire falls to the floor as Castiel strides to the door, his blood boiling with rage and protective instincts. He throws the door open and flys down the narrow staircase, crashing through the door into the pub below.
“You don’t listen… do you?” asks Castiel, “This might be my kill room… but you are here to be taught a lesson. Turn.”
He opened the shop, went in and turned all the lights on. It was only a few minutes later that Charlie and Garth both entered. Garth still looked pale, but he seemed happier than he had the day before. Castiel smiled at them both.
Castiel lets out a slight sob and Dean pulls back from him, his eyes searching his face with concern.
"I'm sorry, it's just you sitting there in a cow print onesie with what looks like a cow pat smeared all over your face." he laughed.
His heart is throbbing painfully inside him, his chest is rising and falling rapidly, he reaches the bottom of the stairs and looks around… Which way? The front door was right there… but what if it was locked? He turns the other way, sprinting forward down another short hallway. There are three doors, he tries the first handle he reaches, pulls the door open. Behind it, is a small closet, full of musty coats and shoes neatly stacked on a rack.
"Course, I'll see you tomorrow OK? Call me if you need me, for anything" She added the last bit glancing towards Balthazar before hugging Castiel and walking towards the door.
Garth looked at Castiel. It was an expression Castiel had never seen on his face before... Disappointment "You're cheating on Balthazar?" He asked his tone harsh.
Dean's stomach pulled at him, if he had any way to offer Cas somewhere to stay for the night, he would have to but the boat only had one bed... "You sure you're going to be ok? Do you want my number, in case he turns up? You can just send me a blank text and I'll call the police for you…"
Meanwhile, Castiel was sitting in the passenger seat feeling guilty, Dean had just told him he liked him… and Castiel had responded by telling him that he liked someone else? What did that make last night? He’d tried to kiss Dean… He’d spent Thanksgiving with Dean and his family and ok, that didn’t mean he ‘owed’ Dean anything, he knew Dean didn’t see it that way either… But he couldn’t shake the feeling that he’d just made a mistake…
"Think you forgot the beer" Laughed Charlie, Jo and Garth just sat down and looked at Castiel, with stony expressions. Castiel frowned “What’s going on?”
It’s starting to get light now, so he pulls his shirt over his head and heads down the hallway to his and Dean’s bedroom. He opens the door quietly and smiles at Dean’s slow and steady breathing. Of course, Dean doesn’t snore, just another reason that his lover is perfect. He lies next to Dean on the bed, he uncuffs one of Dean’s arms and lays it over himself, then snaps a picture so that it looks as though Dean’s hugging him in his sleep. He looks at the picture for a few minutes, taking in how relaxed Dean looks, how nice it looks for Dean to be holding him…
Castiel’s hands move gently, rubbing over Dean’s chest, over his waist, his hips, his fingernails scratching lightly through the hairs on his thighs. He leans down, his nose barely a centimeter from Dean’s skin, he inhales through his nose and breaths Dean’s minty scent in.
Castiel squeezed Dean’s hand in his own and turned to look forward, into a future with him and Dean… With only him and Dean.
As he turned the corner he heard shouting from further up the street. He looked up to see a man... he recognized him from Lisa's party, that uptight snob who had called him a prick... Castiel’s partner, he realized and his dislike grew even more. He watched for a moment in complete shock as Balthazar punched a red-haired woman in the face, she fell to the ground with a cry and... by the sound of the crunch, Balthazar had possibly broken her nose. Dean's face burnt with fury, he began running towards him.
"So fucking hot Cas, unfairly hot," muttered Dean as he planted soft kisses all along Castiel's jaw, he moved his mouth over Castiel's ear and quietly breathed out, "you're beautiful Castiel... you're beautiful and you're mine."
"Think about it, you're opening a new store... You've already got people drooling, waiting for your shop to open. Imagine all the press if you came out as bi-sexual. You would be the new... New York heartthrob for - everyone. The publicity would be amazing for your business"
Balthazar’s eye flick over to Castiel before returning to Dean “He looks, like a lost little boy who needs a MAN to take care of him, he needs me, not you… You ruined his mothers business, you aren’t his friend or his boyfriend, you are a mindless suit. Castiel and I will resolve our issues, once you… fuck off out of our lives”
Castiel laughs softly, the story he’d spun for Sam had been pretty genius given that he’d made it up on the spot. He’d walked into Sam’s room, all those weeks ago and introduced himself. Stating that he’d been looking for Balthazar, his boss who he’d heard had been in an accident… but once he’d got to the hospital, he’d heard whispers of awful things, of things Balthazar had done. He explained to Sam that he and Dean had met about a month ago, at Balthazar’s bar and had hit it off… arranging to meet for coffee the next day… Dean had never shown.
“I don’t think so, from what I understand he was a great writer, a loyal brother, a doting uncle and a generous man. He was also massively intelligent. Did you know, he left behind the first draft of his book - you know the one I’m talking about, don’t you? The one that you stole?” John paused for a moment to watch Balthazar squirm, then he continued, “Unfortunately by the time that Martha found that first draft and his suicide letter - they’d been hidden away in her own house - you’d been published. You were already making a name for yourself, you had much more money than her family - she didn’t think she could take you on.”
Releasing what he was probably in for did nothing to alleviate his terror, his hearts beating double-time, his throat feels like sandpaper, rough and dry, he shivers… Finally, he breaks eye contact with Castiel, letting his gaze travel down over Castiel’s body, to the front of his trousers… Where, sure enough, all of Castiel’s rage and interest could be seen pressing forward against the front of his pants.
He carries on, two bottles down and still drinking, he can feel it now, it takes longer with him being an angel, but he can feel it. There is no answer to fix Jack, no answer to fix Mary... No way to fix what's been broken between himself and Dean. It hurts. It hurts more than anything has any right to hurt, like his heart... It isn't breaking, it's melting to nothing inside him. Burning away with the flames of each and every mistake he has made...
Castiel’s stares into Dean’s lifeless face, his whole body is trembling, his brain hasn’t quite caught up, he can’t have lost Dean… he can’t have. This isn’t real, this isn’t fair...  “Dean…” He weeps, “Dean… you can’t… leave me… Please… Please don’t leave me. I love you…”
John relaxes as he stretches back into the seat of the car and turns to Sam. He smiles at the look of impressed surprise and admiration on his son's face, turning the key in the engine, he says seriously, “It was never about beating him up, Sam, that’s far too temporary,” the car sputters to life as John shakes his head, “no, I didn’t want to hurt him… I wanted to destroy him.”
Dean nodded and made a pained face as he lowered himself in the back of the taxi next to Garth and Jo. The taxi pulled away and Dean saw Cas sink to his knees in the street as Meg put an arm on his shoulder trying to comfort him.
“Look at you,” says Castiel admiringly, “You’re glowing with need and so…” He wraps a hand loosely around Dean’s cock, “so, very hard for me.”
But John had already turned his attention to his son, “You are never to come here again. You hear me, boy?” he spat out at his son, “You’re a goddamn disgrace.”
'Sorry about that last message, that was my inappropriate friend. I should have known better than to leave her alone with my laptop open. We've been drinking and she's getting a bit carried away - Shopboy'
Sam looked up at his shout and narrowed his eyes at Dean, shaking his head. As he finally as he reached Dean's office, he gave his brother a stern look "Jess found that zombie book in John's bag, you jerk"
Castiel paced the small waiting room as he waited. Sam had gone to get coffee and Castiel was glad of the moment alone, to think and breathe. He notices through the window of the door that Sam is back and talking to Dean's doctor, Castiel opens the door slightly and listens as the doctor explains...
Dean chuckles “Well, I might pinch a couple out of here then” He opens the closet and pulls out the two spare pillows from inside, closing the door he turns back to Castiel.
For a long time, neither says anything. Dean just holds Castiel loosely in his arms, letting him know he is there, but also, that he is free to move if he wished.
"Let go, Dean" instructed Castiel, in that low gravelly voice that all of three hours ago had been enough to make Dean turn and notice him at a crowded bar.
“Whose cock is in your ass?” Asks Castiel moving back and forth slowly, his eyes glinting as Dean winces against the burn.
“I’m not a child anymore… I can’t keep acting like one. I have confessed to her that I had had an indiscretion and we’re going to be going to marriage counseling. I’m sorry Balthazar… But we are over.”
Dean’s mouth dropped open in surprise as he took in the sight before him, Castiel actually had to stop him reaching for his gun. He nodded to the card in Dean’s hand, watching as Dean people the Christmas card from the envelope and read it aloud,
And it’s Balthazar that Sam Winchester is looking for now, after being unable to track down the mysterious ‘James’ the barman had mentioned, Sam had returned to The Lower Angel desperate for more information on the man who had left this very bar over a month ago with his older brother.
Dean looked to where he had pointed to the table at the back of the store, an escape from speaking to the employee with the intense blue eyes opening up right in front of him, "Erm, yeah I will. Thanks."
"You don't think that's a bit forward, he just broke up with someone," said Castiel shaking his head.
He wrote a quick reply telling her where he was and not to worry and that he wasn't opening the shop today, and that she should rest up. He'd come and see her at some point today. The next text was from Balthazar which he deleted without opening and the third was from Dean.
“You were so good for me, Dean. Eating all your breakfast… Now I want to do something for you.” Castiel leads Dean back to the bed, this time he gets Dean to lie on his front, he cuffs his arms up to the bed frame and then walks to the end of the bed. Pulling Dean’s legs apart by his feet and binding his ankles to the bed frame with thick rope.
"Yes, for stepping in when you did, when I should have. You were there and I don't know what Balthazar would have done, what I would have done... It's been a strange and stressful night and my head was messed up. So really... Thank you.” Dean just nodded silently “Have you had your x-ray yet?"
Stupid. Stupid. Stupid. Could have said hello, could have said ANYTHING! Nope, just smile like an idiot as you run past his house… For the fourth time this week by the way… At some point, this becomes stalking…
Dean is lying beneath him, looking up at him with his lips parted and his hands-on Castiel’s hips. Dean’s breathing is already a little ragged and Castiel isn’t sure if it is from arousal or nerves, all he knows is that it makes his dick twitch and his heart pound.
Castiel takes a deep breath, shaking his head, deciding he’s had enough he climbs up and over Dean, straddling him, the thin grey material of his boxers is the only barrier between his cock and Dean’s. He brings the palm of his hand up to Dean’s chin and grips him tightly, turning his head so that Dean’s forced to face him and shocking him into silence.
Confusion and fear break in Castiel’s voice as he desperately tries to stem the flow of blood soaking through the hunters tattered shirt.
“Yes, soon sweetheart, needy in the mornings, are you?” he cooed, “But first… you must take your medicine and it’s been two days, Dean… I know you’re hungry, you have to eat something today, alright? Take the tablet and I’ll make you something nice for breakfast.”
Sam looked at her, clearly thinking over her words "I know what you mean, you should know, our goals are to do well, but we don't enjoy putting others out of business it just comes with the job... I hope you know it wasn't personal"
Castiel startled and turned to face Dean, where he sat on the bed, with a confused expression “Excuse me?”
"Come on you lush, let's get you home," Said Meg breaking the silence and helping Charlie to the door "Thanks" She added to Doctor Lafitte taking the painkillers he was holding out to her
Dean's Asshole "It's really nice to finally have my POV explored in a story... I mean, yes I am in many a fanfic... All pink and fluttering and that is lovely... but no one ever really asks how I am feeling? You know...? I'm not just a pretty ring of muscle... I have feelings too. I have to put up with a lot of shit... So it is really nice to be acknowledged in this fic... Thank you very much..."
But it doesn’t come… and Castiel blinks through his confusion as Dean looks away from him and back to Sam and says, “Who’s your friend?”
Charlie sighed "Never mind" She picked up her drink, taking a swig as she watched Dean wonder off through the crowd.
Balthazar grits his teeth, he didn’t know what he was doing, but it was Dean’s fault… Somehow, all of this… was Dean’s fault. Rage bubbled inside him, he rushed at Dean, screaming out in anger and as he shoved at Dean, he and Dean both fell backward, tumbling over Castiel’s armchair, the chair toppled they landed in a mess of arms and legs beyond it. Balthazar hitting out at Dean like a wild animal.
Weeks of secret planning. Learning the song. Making new friends. Picking out the perfect outfit. It was finally, show time...
And Castiel knows, he can't just go out and kill him, it had to be done in a way that wouldn’t lead back to him, if the police suspected him, they’d find Dean. They'd take him away. If the media suspected him, he couldn’t ever let Dean find out that Sam was gone. For if Dean ever did find out, eventually, he would discover that Castiel had been involved, he’d never love him then. He’d never forgive him.
“Well, that’s what it felt like he was implying, he said if I loved you I could wait…” Castiel looked into Dean’s eyes, “I do love you Dean and I have waited but I want to help you, to help us… We’re together now and I thought I was helping us move forward, you know? I just wanted to show you that what happened to you doesn’t have to hold you back. It’s ok to enjoy sex with your boyfriend, it’s not wrong to want it… If you truly felt like it was to soon, perhaps, I should go…”
The clock in the living room chimes for midnight and Castiel pulls back slightly, staying only an inch away from Dean, to look into his eyes as he whispers, “Merry Christmas, Dean.”
Castiel bites his lower lip between his teeth… “How perfect of you to save yourself for me… You would be only mine.”
"I'm going to put these on you… and then I'm going to explore your body, every last inch of it. And you know, I don't have to go out today… so we have the whole day, to make sure this lesson really
“There was a fire where I live last night,” Said Dean cutting across his brother, before he let spill that it was his boat “I just got a call… It’s all gone…”
"Well?" pressed Castiel taking a step closer to Dean, "Do you want me... or not? Because I don't like wasting my time, put up or shut up..."
To Castiel's surprise, Dean didn't let go of his hand as he led him up the staircase to his room and if that made his heart flutter wildly, well who had to know?
There he is… Omg... is he… He’s wearing suspenders and a bow tie… It’s the fucking professor wet dream right there. Shit. Now I feel underdressed.
Jesus Christ, I stink! Can you stop fucking running around? Everyday… Shower in the morning… Then you run till I smell like - week-old tuna in a sweaty gym bag - then another shower… and it’s not like you’re gentle with those exfoliating gloves either. FFS.
Castiel raises an eyebrow, “I think you know. I told you, I’d be as honest with you as I can be… I didn’t want our first time, to be… shall we say, inauthentic.”
“Of course, if your son has gone missing as you claim. Then we will need to first establish that he is not at home and if Castiel Novak has been involved in his disappearance… There is sure to be some evidence of that left behind.”
Dean says something through his tight cloth gag and shoots Castiel an angry look, which Castiel ignores in favor of taking a good look at the bump on Dean’s forehead with real regret in his eyes. Dean inches back as Castiel leans in closer, taking his time to examine the purple bruise on Dean’s forehead. Dean grunts again behind his cloth gag and Castiel’s eyes flick down from his forehead to meet his eyes, then lower still to Dean’s mouth. As Castiel drinks in the view of Dean’s pretty pink lips, he slowly scraps his teeth over his lips before sitting back again.
Even as he and Garth and Charlie finished packing away the last of the books from Heaven's library, he couldn't bring himself to feel anything negative towards Dean, thinking of the conversation they had had when Dean had shown up in his pajamas that day...
“It’s you… It’s your name, please... You. Your name.” Deans scrambling his words in his haste to win back Castiel’s favor.
"Alright, pack up the bacon before I do start getting fat," said Castiel chuckling, feeling reassured by his friends, "Let's get to work."
Fucking worth it to see hot guy run past all wet and breathless… Ok, yeah.. yeah... I need to have some alone time… Like Now.
He could hear Cas panting in between their kiss, the man’s body trembling as Dean continued his assault through the material. It didn’t take long to bring the angel's cock to full staff and for the fabric to become scratchy from the all precum that had been leaking. Gasping at the cool air when Dean retrieved him from the folds of the front, he was relieved when the hunter's hand took control again, the hand smoothing over the velvet skin.
“All this time and you never said anything.” says Castiel, “It’s like you're only doing this now… because someone else wants me.” And just like that, Dean felt everything stop. Like he had been hit by an 18 wheeler. Like that bubble of warmth and hope inside him had suddenly been buried beneath an avalanche. What could he say? He couldn’t even tell Castiel that he was wrong, not really - he’d always wanted more with his angel but it was true, wasn’t it, that he’d only acted when he thought he might lose him?
Victor nods, “I thought so and I am sure you wouldn’t mind giving me that explanation on the drive to your farm.”
Dean's hands moved to Castiel's thighs and lifted him, tugging him into an easy position for access, he grips his cock with his left hand, dribbling some spit into his right and smoothing it over his dick and Castiel's hole, which made Castiel's breath hitch.
“I’m going to ask you ten questions. You will answer them clearly and correctly. Failure to do so will result in punishment. You must answer all ten questions in a row, for this to end. Do you understand?”
Dean’s eyes lift from the trolley to Balthazar’s face as he steps up in front of him, careful to avoid Dean’s puddle of sick on the floor… Balthazar has the scalpel in his hand and Dean swallows. He feels his toes twitching, moving, waking up. His hands curl into fists. His teeth clench, locking his jaw tight, Balthazar is leaning forwards right into his space… Dean can feel the mans breath ghost over his face, the scalpel closing in towards his face…
Castiel rolled his eyes “But… With Win67… I feel this deep connection that I can’t even begin to explain… I don’t even know what the man looks like. I just know that in the months leading up to my and Balthazar’s split… He was there for me, he made me laugh when I was angry and he made me feel like I wasn’t alone… We would talk about nothing most of the time… Just random bits and pieces from our days and I looked forward to each and every message he sent, I want to meet him, we are both single now… I’ve been thinking about asking him to meet up… as a date”
Recruiting Gabriel had been easier than Castiel had envisioned. He had run full pelt all the way back through his family's field and straight into the barn where he knew Gabriel would be working. He had hurriedly explained everything, how even despite his family's warnings and those aggressive threats from John Winchester, he and Dean loved each other and he couldn’t just leave Dean to whatever hell John Winchester would now inflict upon his son.
"Are you sure you still want to go out tonight?" Asked Garth as he set the last box on top of the pile near the door.
"Balthazar, it's fine..." Began Castiel, trying to snap out of his surprise and regain control "Let's just leave" He was torn between embarrassment that he hadn't known who Dean was and that Lisa had overheard them talking about him, but he also felt a little rush of gratitude towards Balthazar for being so angry on his behalf.
At that moment he heard the front door opening and closing and then Lisa shout through the house to him.
Dean turned back, to see Balthazar coming through the trees towards him. Dean steps backward and turns, running flat out for the road...
The next thing he noticed was the storybook lady who was sitting in the corner of the store, her flaming red hair making her stand out straight away. She had a book on her lap and was reading aloud to several kids sitting around her. John and Ellen ran over and sat down on some of the large colourful cushions to listen, leaving Dean standing alone awkwardly at the shop door. He looked about him taking in the rest of the store, the other adults, who were no doubt waiting on the children who were now fully focused on how Mr. and Ms. Twit's living room was all on their ceiling. They were either standing above their child or looking through the shelves at the books. He busied himself by pretending to be looking at the books, pretending to turned very quickly into not pretending when he saw a kids zombie pop up book staring out at him from the shelf. He picked it up with a sly smile, thinking it would be a funny idea to buy it for John to wind Sam and Jess up...
“I don’t suppose he brought the books down before he left?” asks Castiel keeping his voice as casual as he can.
They continued to text back and forth over the rest of the day and it gave Castiel hope that he could get passed his grievances with Dean. He seemed to genuinely care about him and Castiel wanted to be his friend.
Escaping the predatory gaze of Meg, who seemed to be undressing Sam in her mind as he stood before her, Sam left the bar, pulling his coat collar up against the cold night air. He walked across the street, the rain was softly patting down on his car as he reached it. He opened the door and slid into the driver's seat, closing the car door he pushed the key into the ignition...
At first, Dean had thought that this was a good thing and he’s still not sure that it wasn’t, but when he had finished eating, Castiel had tied the rope back to the bed and left the room. He hadn’t spoken to Dean at all during his meal, he hadn’t even looked at him. Oddly, Dean found it more unsettling than when Castiel would stare at him. A few hours later and Castiel returned, untied the ropes and walked Dean to the toilet as though the rope was his leash.
Dean carried him to the couch and lay Castiel down carefully on it, climbing up and resting himself between Castiel's legs, he met his eyes for a moment searchingly before lowering his head again and capturing Castiel's bottom lip between his teeth, gently pulling on it and smirking when Castiel groaned out. Dean pressed his hips down as he released Castiel's lip.
Garth smiled and swallowed, walking as calmly as he could manage towards her, trying not to rush and not to keep her waiting at the same time he managed an awkward shuffling movement toward her.
“Hold on,” said Castiel kindly, checking the shaking boy in his arms was completely secure, “I know it’s a little scary but I swear to you, you’ll always be safe with me.”
Castiel went to bed relatively early, having to be at work the next morning and feeling tired. He bid Balthazar, who would not be up early as he had weekends off goodnight - he wanted to stay up a while longer and relax watching a film...
“I know I don’t have, but Dean you’ve done so much for me, I’d like to be able to do something for you… Besides, I’d feel better having someone else there…” ‘
"Dean is meeting us there, I don't know if he is dressing up though..." Said Castiel thinking how weird it was that on the day his business was closing he was going to be going out drinking with the guy who was the reason it was shutting.
A while later, Dean returned, he’d been given painkillers for his broken ribs and told to take it easy for a couple of weeks. Castiel had apologized repeatedly for what Balthazar had done to him as if it was somehow his fault. He’d insisted on splitting a cab with Dean and Dean then had to insist that they dropped Castiel off first.
Dean scratches his head, wincing as his finger touches the tender cut over his eyebrow “I, er… I brought you something but I’m not sure now is a good time to…”
Castiel is no longer a living breathing man, no longer a physical being that has been torturing him but rather he is a nightmare that can fly through the air and send shivers rippling over Dean’s skin. He is a black cloud that enters Dean’s body as he breathes in and spreads his icy chill throughout him, infecting him with fear and doubt.
Castiel looked down at the packet in his hand and then put it back in the fridge, stared at it for another ten seconds before closing the fridge door and marching back over to the armchair where his laptop was calling to him... At that moment though, as if by some kind design by fate Balthazar walked in and Castiel stopped in his tracks thinking, 'Saved by the bell' and turned away from his laptop and headed towards the front door, to where
The next morning Dean woke up on the couch. He rubbed his eyes and pulled the blanket off him as he sat up. It was over, Lisa had let him go and he was relieved. It had to have been one of the most civil breakups in history. They had walked the whole way back from the party to Lisa's house and talked about how much respect they had for each other and how great they thought the other was and how they both wished they could feel differently. Lisa had said Dean could stay as long as he needed to find a place, but he knew he wanted to leave as soon as possible, he had agreed to stay last night as he would be minding the kids today and Sammy would be dropping them off here and he was not ready to go in to details just yet, to his brother about the slowly eroding mess that had been his and Lisa's relationship for the past few months, or to explain how it had finally given way beneath them.
He and 'Win67' had been messaging for a few weeks now. Never anything personal, or crude. It had started when 'Win67', whose profile picture was a cartoon of a devil had popped up in Castiel's inbox, whose picture is a cartoon angel, had sent a cheeky message asking "I wonder if opposites really do attract?"
'Hey Cas, I hope you're ok? So sorry, I bailed on you last night, I should have asked if you wanted to come and stay at mine. I'm not coming in today, my face is disgusting. You can come round mine if you want to, I am here for you, I love you!! Charlie X'
Balthazar looked at him "I don't know how you want me to be Castiel, I got in and I was tired and you did say she was only going to be here for a few hours"
“I’m fine” Said Dean, but Castiel shook his head and grabbed Dean’s hand pulling him towards the bathroom.
"What? What do you mean?" Asked Castiel perplexed, he followed Balthazar’s gaze and wondered for a moment if Balthazar thought he’d been flirting, he hadn’t, had he? He’d just been being nice, polite. Dean was a customer...
Castiel glanced for the fourth, maybe fifth time towards his bedroom door… Just beyond which in his living room, lay on his couch… Was Dean. He and Dean had watched some crap Tv and talked a little about Balthazar and the police and where they would go shopping the next day… Castiel had decided to go to bed early. It wasn’t that he didn’t want to be around Dean… It was that he didn’t trust himself to be around him too long, after the near kiss Castiel couldn’t stop looking at Dean… And noting again and again, just how handsome Dean actually is…
Castiel nodded “Yes, yes I will. I have no idea what he is capable of… I don’t…” Castiel struggled to get his words out as his misty eyes looked up at Dean “I don’t feel safe here anymore”
always watching, I had no choice...” Castiel hangs his head in shame, “But then I went and took that choice from you, didn’t I?” He shakes his head, squeezing Dean’s hand “I’m sorry for that, Dean.”
“Dean!” Castiel pulled back, eyes widening. Dean saw the fear in his eyes as his gaze looked passed him. Before Dean could even turn around, a hand had gripped his shoulder and pulled him back with such force that he was thrown backwards, stumbling to the floor.
He ignores Meg’s angry calls to him as he crosses the bar in seconds, vengeful purpose in each and every step. He hurries to his car, a glance across the road tells him that Sam Winchester had already returned to his car, the parking space where it had been stood, was now empty. He places the laptop on the passenger seat, still open with the feed of Dean and Balthazar playing out before him. He starts his car and it rips from its parking space noisily.
Castiel smiled, “I understand.” He raised a finger to Dean’s forehead and closed his eyes for a moment. Sending his grace shooting through him to the boy, healing the bruises that littered his body.
Castiel smiles, "You won't regret it," he turns away from Dean toward the kitchen, pulling a packet of cigarettes from his pocket, "Do you want a drink?"
“I can’t explain,” says Dean, carefully picking his words so as not to make Castiel angry, “Sometimes, I just feel sad.”
"Well, then I won't be leaving Castiel. If you want more than these stolen moments... you're going to have to prove it to me. Otherwise, what is the point?"
Luke catches the expression on Castiel's face and turns back to Dean, with a sneer, "You're full of shit, he didn't say no..."
Garth smiled and followed Castiel to his kitchen, not wanting to bring up anything that might be upsetting for Castiel, Garth chose to go the route of distraction “So, there is something I wanted to talk to you about…” Castiel turned to look at him with a questioning tilt of the head “I’m thinking about asking Jo, to move in with me”
Balthazar frowned at his lover "I told you, when you agree to leave your wife, I will leave Castiel. I'm not stepping out on the ledge alone" He said as he typed out a reply to Castiel and then put his phone back on the table.
Dean’s eyes close and he groans, it feels… Wait. His eyes snap open again, his expression fills with panic, “Get off. Get off me!”
Dean's eyes flicker open under the fresh purple bruising. His stare is cold and focused as Castiel sweeps cheerfully around the room snapping another picture of Dean on the bed before placing the camera on the bedside table and moving to open the curtains which let the morning suns warm glow light up the room. Castiel stops in front of the bed as he notes the expression on Dean’s face.
Charlie turned slightly pink and shook her head, “Can we…” She points to Sam’s office and Sam nods, moving out of the way so that Charlie and Dean could enter. Dean shut the door and turned expectantly to Charlie.
“No,” Dean sighs with relief as Castiel continues, “Jack and the empty made a deal. Jack offered the empty something it was unable to refuse in exchange for my freedom.”
“S’not your fault,” Said Dean “I just don’t know what I’m going to do, I can’t move into my new place for almost a week…”
You know you’ve checked your phone ten times… in the last half an hour, right? He hasn’t texted, he isn’t going to text you. Get a hobby.
“I’m going to open you up, you’re a flower and you will spread your petals for me… I’m going to slip inside you, inside your body and mind and make you my home. I’m going to grant you pleasure and I’m going to take my own. You belong to me now, Dean. You can have what I let you… you’ll take what I give you. You will be mine, you will give yourself to me and I will worship you for it.”
After Sam had dried himself off and bid them goodnight, Castiel and Dean had gone to Dean’s room, stripping out of their wet clothes and drying off on two white fluffy towels that Dean had fetched from the bathroom. Once dry they had both stretched out on Dean's bed, wearing only their boxers, eating chips and playing video games.
'Doesn't discussing boyfriends/girlfriends break the no personal information rule? Maybe you are feeling rebellious after your undesired lunch. Shopboy'
"Charlie, I'm so sorry," He said desperately "Are you alright?" Charlie gave him a weak thumbs up and a bloody grin but didn't speak, Castiel turned to look at Garth “Are you?”
"Because he is dealing with a breakup, and wants a friend to talk to about it," Said Castiel feeling hurt by Garth's lack of faith in him.
Dean felt a coldness spark inside him that spread throughout his entire body, settling in every vein, every nerve, from his fingertips to his toes, like a shiver of electricity it made the hairs on his skin stand up and prickle.
“It’s my fault, it was when I broke the vase…” Castiel muttered as he tugged Dean along. He sat Dean down on the edge of the bath and wet some toilet paper. He began dabbing the wet tissue against Dean’s bleeding cut “I’m sorry, I’m sorry… it’s my fault…”
"Yeah, more than I realized apparently." smiled Castiel putting the bag on the table and getting the plates from the cupboard.
“I can come with you,” Said Dean, there was no way he was going to let Castiel put him up for a week and shop for him too “I need to get some clothes anyway…”
“It’s not…” Said Castiel “No, really, I was just shocked. You better tell Dean in case he finds out and…”
"It could go either way - just make it clear you still have a boyfriend and see how it goes? We could come with you?" Said Charlie looking like she'd just turned on a light bulb in her head... "Ohhhhhh that's great actually, you could tell him you and some friends are going out, Friday night and see if he wants to join? That way its clearly not a date-type situation... right?"
"Yeah fuck, Cas. If you want to, I want you to," said Dean, rolling over slightly and capturing Castiel's lips suddenly. It caught Castiel by surprise, but he recovered quickly and moaned into Dean's mouth as their tongues slid against each other. He was kissing Dean, actually kissing him, this wasn’t some weird ass ‘no homo’ thing. This was real, there was something happening here that was profound and beautiful and Castiel wanted to grab onto it with both hands and never let it go. When they finally pulled apart, their eyes met again, one final check that this was going to happen -
Garth stayed at Castiel’s for over an hour and when he left he text Charlie to let her know that Castiel seemed ok while he was there.
Dean had been waiting for over an hour now, feeling forgotten he got to his feet, just as the door opened and to his surprise, Castiel walked in, past a doctor who was holding the door open for him.
"Mick Davis," says Balthazar, "A wonderful plaything and beautiful addition to my collection. Castiel made me so proud when he slid his blade across his throat."
As he got up to make some breakfast he heard his phone go, it was Castiel... He was still at the shop. Dean put the phone down as his bacon was spitting at him, he'd reply to Castiel in a minute. After devouring his bacon on toast, he washed the frying pan and put it away. He picked his phone up to text Castiel back and it buzzed in his hands.
Balthazar shook his head taking a step backward. That was all the room Castiel needed. He straightened up, took a step away from the wall, drew back his arm, curled his hand into a solid fist and brought it crashing down into Balthazar's face. Balthazar fell to the floor... out cold in one punch.
After a nice meal in a ‘not-to-fancy’ restaurant. Castiel and Dean take a walk through the streets together.
Charlie squeezed him a little tighter "I know. You didn't need to tell me Cas, I know. But we aren't going down without a fight, right?"
He read it quickly, his stomach dropping as he wrote back... 'I will call you in five' He set a timer on his phone and sat at the small breakfast table, tapping his fingers on the tables wooden surface in agitation as he watched the seconds tick away. He tried not to picture Balthazar and Castiel getting into a fight... or in some ways worse making up, however unlikely that seemed after last night, the thought wouldn't leave his mind. He looked at his phone, willing the seconds to count down faster.
“I’d take the worst kiss with you over than the best kiss with anybody else, any day.” smiled Dean as he closed the gap between them. Their lips slotted together and the crowd in the garage cheered, even the angry farmers ‘Aww’ed’.
Moving quickly, he walks around the little coffee table and looks down at the screen. He recognizes the room instantly, he’d spent so much time there after all. ‘His’ room in Balthazar’s house, now Dean’s room… With the bed by the wall, the bed he’d left Dean cuffed to. The bed that was now… empty.
Castiel is lying across his couch in the living room, idly flicking through the images on Dean’s phone, he’d had it switched off for the whole week. Really, he knows he should get rid of it, but temptation had overpowered him and he’d switched it on and started noting down all of Dean’s contacts, going through his messages and pictures.
"Ow, ow... Stop. Wait." Dean gritted out as Castiel poked at his hole with his cock. Cas stopped straight away at Dean's words, he waited pressing a kiss into Dean’s shoulder in comfort.
After a few more messages back and forth, Dean fell asleep, with his book still open at the page he’d been reading on his chest.
Yeah, well... when the creep who's been running past his house for the past week silently sneaks up on him, what do you expect he’s gonna do?
Dean keeps the jacket with Castiel’s handprint in Baby’s trunk, if they ever need to ‘book it’ that last piece of Castiel he has left, is coming with them. Thinking of how close that jacket is, how close that reminder is of what Castiel did, for him, of what he said to him makes his eyes sting and his throat tighten. He swallows down yet another mix of whiskey and coke, eyes glancing sideways to Sam. He is sure that Sam saw him pouring the amber liquid into the slurpee cup but luckily, his brother chose not to comment. Which was good, really, because Dean didn’t feel like defending his actions, yes, they had won. They had defeated Chuck, but at what cost…
“Why, did you leave me? What are you even doing out here? Running around, clearly in pain on a bloody leg, when you could have been wielding sexcalibur with me?”
And then Castiel realized, he hadn't thought of 'Win67' all day, hadn't messaged him or wished him a happy Thanksgiving... He'd been too distracted, by Dean... He pulled his laptop toward him and opened up the messages. Writing out and sending a short message.
Dean wanted to do something useful, so he began picking up the broken vase and turned the armchair the right way up again. He turned to see Castiel pottering around in his kitchen.
Charlie arrived at Castiel's in a long winter coat, Castiel raised his eyebrows at her, so she pulled the coat apart, in very dramatic 'Charlie fashion' to reveal a cow print onesie beneath and then burst out laughing.
They start out slow and steady, which is both a frustration and a wonder. Castiel gets to really know Dean, without him being scared or angry. Dean is funny and kind and even more perfect than Castiel had realized before. As his obsession for Dean grows, his patience for the lack of physical contact begins to wear thin. He needs to touch him, to kiss him… to taste him.
Castiel was tired, he wanted to go home and fall into bed and sleep until Monday. He stopped by Balthazar's favorite take out on the way home from the shop and picked up some dinner. He walked in through his front door. Put the bag of takeout on the table and pulled out a couple of plates as his phone buzzed in his pocket, he pulled it out.
Dean’s hips stutter as he sprays his come over the floor in front of him, there are tears streaming down his face and then… his head sags forward. His whole body goes limp. He passes out from exhaustion and Castiel smiles at him proudly, he unhooks the restraints and lifts Dean into his arms, carrying him back to his room, he lies him on the bed gently and lowers his lips to Dean’s, kissing him.
“Oh, fuck… fuck!” Dean’s crying out almost instantly, “I’m going to come, Castiel… Please, please? Let me? Castiel?”
With wide eyes and his hands clenching by his side, Balthazar backs away a step, glancing at the door as if contemplating an escape attempt, only to be met with Sam’s hard gaze.
Lisa's shoulders relaxed "Thank you, you are the best. I've been so worried about this, I invited a rival editor group - stupidly, thinking he would decline..."
“Alright, you’re determined, I’m in,” Gabriel nods solemnly, then looks up with mischief in his eyes, “So, what’s the plan?”
"More drinks?" Asked Jo getting up quickly "Garth will you help me at the bar, please?" Garth gave a little nod and followed Jo toward the bar.
"Dean," Said Castiel, Dean opened his eyes again and looked at him, Castiel moved forward and kissed Dean's cheek lightly, before whispering into his ear, "I find you very beautiful, I would very much like you to be mine... Turn around"
“I do, but this was just in case he woke up…” said Castiel, he so wanted to make Jack’s first Christmas something joyful for him to look back on fondly. If that meant renting a stupid Santa suit and leaving ‘snowy’ footprints at the door of the bunker, then that’s what he’d do. He’d bought mince pies, he’d filled stockings and hung them over the radiators (melting the chocolates inside them within minutes but they would make that fun discovery in the morning), he’d left a carrot with a bite mark on a plate near the Christmas tree… and a glass of… oh…
“We didn’t know each other all that well… I just can’t help but feel some responsibility for everything… I worked for Balthazar, but I never expected that he’d…”
Balthazar was stood on the small peer, his fingers twitching against the drink in his hand. He was shaking with rage. He'd gone to work late, smelling of alcohol and it had finally happened... He'd lost his job. Rational thought was all but gone from him now, replaced by bitter anger...
“Just out…” Dean hurries to reassure him “He’s just out, Cas.” Dean scrambles to his feet “Are you alright?”
The empty moves creepily toward him, it’s eyes boring down into his own with a venom that makes Castiel’s skin crawl. “Every thousand deaths or so, you seem to become a little more aware, you almost sense the Deja vu... you call out, we talk…” The Empty stepped forward again, the trenchcoat forming and flapping as he - it moves forwards “This is… the four-hundredth and fifty-sixth time we have talked.”
“Shh.” Says Balthazar, the hand on Castiel’s neck moves up to cover his mouth and Castiel trembles beneath his hold. Tears begin to well up in his eyes. Balthazar sees them and clenches his jaw “Don’t even think about shouting, or I will give you something to cry about” He whispers.
Around an hour after Castiel had left him, Dean had wet himself. The humiliation and shame had had him in tears for nearly two hours. By the time Castiel got home, Dean’s wrists were raw from his trying to free himself from the cuffs and his eyes were puffy and red.
Dean texted him back moments later, suggesting to meet at Meg's cafe and Castiel replied to confirm that he would be there.
Castiel looked outside his window again. The sunlight was hitting the orange and reds of the leaves of the tree across the street from his window and making them seem to glow before him. He smiled as he watched the breeze pluck a single leaf from a branch and it floated away down the street.
Clenching his jaw, Castiel decides. He takes thunderous steps, walking the three doors down to Dean's room. His stony face causes Dean and Sam to frown at him slightly.
Castiel shook his head, “No, you’re not dead or going to die any time soon. You’re going to do many important things in your life Dean. But right now, this is as close as I can get you to your mother, that's what you wanted, wasn’t it? To be close to her again?”
Dean moved around Castiel once again, arm extended and Cas stepped back, “It could be dangerous.” His voice was rough, with a tinge of what Castiel could vaguely make out as… desperation?
Dean frowns "What do you mean? You don't think you will still find me 'handsome' if we screw?" He tipped back the last of his drink and leans forward to put the glass next to Castiel's.
Jack leaving, after everything he’d done since getting his soul back, hurt. Dean would never be able to adequately express to the kid just how grateful he was to him, how wrong he’d been in his treatment of him, when he was born and after Mary’s death, because he finally understood it was an accident. Jack had been soulless and still tried to be good, he’d tried to stay in control. But all that power, and going through everything that Jack endured... They had all known he was dangerous, that he wasn’t fully in control of his emotions, maybe he couldn’t say it out loud yet, but Dean knew, knows now that it wasn't Jack’s fault, it wasn’t Castiel’s fault, that actually sometimes - accidents do happen accidently.
It had been the hottest day of the year so far and Sam, Dean and Castiel had decided to cool off by having a water fight in the Winchester’s front garden. The grass had been brittle and crispy under their bare feet as they chased each other around with cold buckets of water and threw water balloons at each other. It was a little childish, silly perhaps but when Sam had started it by throwing a bucket of water over Dean and Castiel, it of course meant, war.
Castiel pushes down harder, faster, he lowers his mouth Dean’s neck again, sucking and kissing the flesh along Dean’s throat.
"No idea.. professionalism? I don't know" Said Dean shrugging again “Doubt he’ll be invited to any of her events again… Or me for that matter” He laughed out the last sentence.
Dean and Sam talked a while longer before wandering down into the store to see how the set up was coming along, the shop was all but ready, it was now just being organized by the new staff they had hired.
You got the hot Pork, The stiff Sausage, the Beef Whistle, Bratwurst, Cum Gun, Meat sword… And he can probably tell… I bet he wants me in and around his mouth…
John narrowed his eyes “Do you know how many bullying little shits Dean took care of for you when you boys were growing up? No? That’s because he just got on with it and didn’t tell you so you wouldn’t have to worry about it… This Balthazar fucker - for all we know - tried to kill him and you don’t have anything you want to say to him?”
“Oh come on, Dean, your phone call yesterday, you sounded practically giddy and the way Castiel told the story was that you ‘saved him and his friends’. You forget I know you… and he is very attractive, you’d make a cute couple…”
'Sorry to hear you and your girlfriend broke up, maybe you should try a guy next time - you know if you're into that. Hope the move out wasn't too awkward. Shopboy'  She looked up as Cas came back into the room and smirked at him.
She raised an eyebrow "Over there" She pointed and Dean nodded and walked away to where she had pointed.
Castiel hushes him, pressing his finger against Dean's clenched hole, his voice channels pure horror movie as he grins and whispers, "Little pig, little pig... let me in."
Castiel is shaking as Balthazar's hand on his throat turns his cheek back toward him, his eyes lower to Castiel's lips once more and he moves slowly forward, toward them. The hand on Castiel's crotch rubbing gently over it...
He shut his laptop and stood up, moving from behind his desk, to walk over to the glass wall that separated him from the stood, he stood looking down at all the pulling stocking shelves and working on last little details here and there, it was nearly finished... his store, well his and...
Castiel was so deep in thought about what Balthazar would think of ‘Win67’ that he completely missed the nervous look Jo and Garth had exchanged.
Charlie frowned at him "Seriously? That's awesome" her doubting frown turning into a big grin as ideas started spreading across her mind as though she was scrolling through Pinterest "Thank you" She added looking at Sam
,” lied Castiel, of course, he was thinking about being with Dean, he thought about it every minute of every day. He missed Dean’s warm skin beneath his hands, he missed the feel of their cocks sliding together in slick heat, he missed hearing Dean call out his name, missed hearing him beg for him. He wanted that back and he was willing to wait to get it, “I just felt like I wanted to help in any way I could.”
Castiel leaned his head over Dean's shoulder and scrapped his teeth along Dean's neck "I'd fuck you, I'd come inside you, I'd mark you up so everyone would know... You belong to me"
“Hmmm, see that’s not how I see it. My brother came home this afternoon frantic, out of his mind, ranting about how John Winchester had beaten his son bloody right in front of his eyes… Then he goes out ‘for a walk to calm himself down’ and I haven’t heard from him since. I’m not an idiot, I know that something was going on between Cas and Dean. I was just explaining that to our local deputy actually...” Gabriel pushes the door to the living room open and John gets an eye full of the police officer standing just beyond the door, frowning at him, “Mr Winchester, Deputy Victor Hendrickson.”
Lisa shrugged "Lesson learned. It all worked out anyway, didn't it? You two are friends now, Charlie and Garth have jobs and you're on your way to becoming an author"
Dean's eyes widened as Jo went on. "Balthazar has been "working" for a few days this week... but that's only if you believe a word the man says. Anyway... We were all out for a few drinks tonight, and Balthazar text Castiel saying he was going to join us... So we had to tell him about what we had seen before Balthazar turned up... Castiel wanted to leave but as we did we bumped into Balthazar and it all kicked off"
"Poor guy," Said Sam sympathetically “But you know, it’s not personal. It’s not like we are trying to put him out of a job, we’re just… trying to do well in ours”
Dean sighed "I don't know, but Cas don't you think you've drunk quite a bit, would that be a good idea?"
Castiel grabs Dean’s arms and pushes them into the wall above his head, he slams his lips against Dean’s and Dean stares at him in shock as Castiel kisses him, forcing his tongue into Dean’s mouth, Castiel's eyes are closed. Remembering the threat of the pliers, Dean fights the urge to bite down, instead, he focuses all his energy into going completely lax, stilling against the assault on his mouth. His eyes watering with emotion when Castiel pulls away, looking if anything - more pissed off.
“You can sit down, you know? Make yourself at home” Said Castiel walking away from Dean toward his bedroom and returning moments later with his arms full of pillows and blankets “So… I hope this will be comfortable enough for you?”
The next morning Charlie gave Castiel a tight hug and wished him a happy Thanksgiving before leaving. She got home and sent a message to Dean.
“I still can’t believe he’d do this… I mean, I know he did it… but I just can’t believe this has all happened… Before you got here… Before you stopped him, I… I honestly had no idea how far he would’ve taken things, you know? I’m not ashamed to admit that it scared me. He scared me…”
Charlie and Garth looked at each other before turning back to Castiel "The dude just sounds stressed" Said Garth
Dean took a shaky breath then his eyes scanned over the room, taking in the pissed off looking farmers, the ladies dancing, the marching bands drummers and pipers (flautists) playing a Christmas tune and looking a mixture of scared and confused. He looked over the snoozing lords, including the one who’d broken away from his designated group and was now eyeing up the impala, his eyes widened at the seven large swans honking angrily and beating their wings, he took in the whole room with a stunned and disturbed expression, before his eyes came back to look at Castiel’s face.
“I don’t know,” says Dean, “You gonna talk at me some more? You’re just a sick fuck who loves the sound of his own voice.”
Castiel jumped as though he’d actually been caught in some stranger’s house, where he shouldn’t be, then he relaxed as he recognised the voice that had spoken, Dean. He turned around, his large red coat knocked a bauble off a branch next to him and it bounced a few times across the floor away from him.
And while you’re at it, why not install security cameras so you can record the poor guy as he passes… Creep.
His breathing is still settling as Castiel lowers Dean's legs down, his spent and deflating cock slips out of Dean and slaps wetly against his flesh. “So that you learn that you are mine and you don’t need anyone else, not even your brother, whilst you have me…” Castiel says, as his hands rise to slide the blindfold up over Dean's eyes and he meets them with a dark intensity, “I will never let you forget what it feels like to be desired.”
Castiel looked at him, his gladiator outfit exposing his tan legs, his buff arms, the chest plate hugging his torso. He was hot. There was absolutely no way anyone could deny that the first time Dean had walked into Castiel's shop he remembered he'd thought he was breathtaking... But then he had turned out to be the co-owner of the superstore that was about to bring his world crumbling down...
Castiel is reading over his notes for his writings, checking and editing. He looks up when he hears a gentle knock at the door and sighs as he places his laptop on the table closing it and standing up.
Charlie's smile widened "Yes... Got my Queen gown all puffy and ready to go. Meg is coming as a demon"
“No, you smell like Dean,” Castiel’s eyes crinkle with fondness as he shamelessly sticks his face into Dean’s hair and sniffs along his neck, “It’s the best smell in the world.”
