It wasn’t like he was getting all hot and flustered when a particular person was smiling at him or even just looking at him.
Before Bucky could reply, another voice made itself known over Steve’s in-ear.
He knocked on Steve’s door.
“Always a pleasure to see you, Mister Stark.”
What a shame that it was also on his not-to-do-list.
“Oh, I’m sorry Mr. Stark am I boring you?” Fury asked, narrowing his eyes, well eye, on him.
After cleaning up the mess he had made and restocking some of the shelves, Peter quietly did his homework at the table opposite Tony’s reading armchair, while Tony took care of some customers. Most of the people that visited his shop were regulars, always up for a little chat and looking for recommendations and Tony genuinely enjoyed talking to them. The few passers-by that came in normally just want to browse and be left alone and that was fine by him. But then there were the occasional gawkers. People who wanted to see for themselves that THE Tony Stark, the infamous playboy, weapon developer, the merchant of death, was just a bookshop owner now. Many people couldn’t, or didn’t want to, believe that he gave up his old life for good, thinking that he still developed and invented weapons in his basement. Some even tried to provoke him, get him to break façade, get a reaction out of him, but so far he stayed strong and no matter how much he wanted to insult or beat up someone, he clenched his teeth and didn’t give into his impulses.
The fact that no one picked Tony up on his too high-pitched voice or made a joke about him saying the sentence “I want to change”, even further confirmed that something was clearly wrong. On any other day Tony would have to endure endless teasing, especially from Clint. But now – nothing but awkward silence, that was eventually broken by Thor clapping his hands.
“I’m already spoiled! Let’s play dare or dare!” By now Clint was jumping up and down on the spot right in front of Natasha. If they hadn’t been a conspicuous group before, now they certainly were. People were looking at Clint bouncing like a rubber ball, probably wondering what the hell was wrong with him. To be honest the rest of the group was wondering that as well about each other, but it was best not to go there.
Meanwhile Thor handed Bruce another little parcel. “Here, that’s from me!”
Just like he did on the plane on their way here.
Tony rolled his eyes. “Isn’t that a little below your paygrade?”
Nat knew that he was right, but that didn’t make her any less angry. None the less she walked over to Thor and looped her arm through his, just as Bruce did the same on his other side.
“Thor, I know you want to tell us.”
“Thor. Talk to us.”
Tony didn’t know how often he hit the man in front of him, didn’t feel the pain in his fist, didn’t hear Peter telling him to stop. Only when a pair of unusually strong hands pulled him away from his target did Tony come to himself again. He blinked rapidly like waking up from a nightmare, eyes wandering from the beaten up figure hunched against a bookshelf to Peter standing by the door looking scared and in an instant all his anger faded away and was replaced by shame and regret. Not regret about giving Hammer what he deserved, but that Peter had seen him like this.
Despite its formality Steve was more than happy to hear this message. He thanked J.A.R.V.I.S. and a minute later stepped into Tony's penthouse apartment.
A few minutes they just sat there in silence, neither of them finding the right words.
Tony and Steve were the last to join, the tension between them virtually graspable.
They continued like this for about half an hour, Steve’s favourite guesses being a unicorn (Thor), a dagger (Natasha) and a tramp stamp (Clint). They had also decided that it was a good idea to take a shot every time someone made a wrong guess. Which was a lot. So, by the time Bruce called an end to the madness, they were already quite tipsy. Out of solidarity, Steve drank with them and he started to feel the effects of Thor’s Asgardian liquor.
He would figure the Steve-thing out later. If there even was a thing.
It’s been three weeks since blonde guy first stepped into Tony’s life. Or at least into his close vicinity, which was bad enough.
To distract himself from Steve’s… well everything, Tony picked the next slip out of the hat. “Never have I ever given or received a lap dance.” He read. “Oh, please who hasn’t?”
“Well, you mentioned that you wanted some.” He caught Clint staring at him, shaking his head. “What?”
Every day blonde guy waltzed into the construction site that was to become a tea shop and every day he smiled and waved over to Tony’s shop as if he knew Tony was watching him. But blonde guy never came over to say hi and neither did Tony. Hell, he didn’t even know blonde guy’s name. Not that he wanted to know. It would be easy enough to find out but that would imply that Tony cared, and he did not.
“Right boys, who wants to start?” Nat asked, after everyone had finished writing and put their slips of paper in the unbelievably ugly hat.
Good going, Rogers.
Inhaling deeply, Steve took a run-up to gain enough speed to jump the gap between this building and the roof opposite it. He landed hard on his shoulder, the impact punching the air out of his lungs. But Steve didn’t stop, following the shadow of Sam’s wings he sprinted to where he assumed Bucky was.
At the end it was just him and Natasha left, and the Black Window showed absolutely no mercy. Not that Tony was expecting mercy from her but still, the joy she had stripping him of all his chips was brutal.
Naked.
Since he couldn’t decide which one was the right thing to do, and he sure as hell wouldn’t ask Nat again for relationship advise, Steve just decided to wait for a sign. People in movies always waited for signs and then everything worked out fine. So, why shouldn’t it be like that for him?
“Shut up.” Tony whispered, so only Nat could hear him.
Clint finally removed his hands from his face, just so he could roll his eyes at Tony. “Yeah because that’ll make Steve’s feelings go away.”
“What… what do you mean you found Bucky?” Steve asked in disbelieve. He didn’t even know that Tony had been looking for him.
“You’re right.” He lifted her hand to his mouth and gave it a soft kiss. “But let me know if you want the store back and I make sure it’s yours.”
“How?” Bruce asked and Tony just shrugged his shoulders, with a sly smile on his lips that no one dared to ask about.
. And while he was being honest with himself, wasn’t that the problem? Steve had never been with a guy before and that was making Tony nervous.
Nat couldn’t hold back an evil little smirk. “Bruce, he’ll just keep whining if we don’t play.”
“What? NO!” Tony replied defensively, too loud and too quick.
“Well technically it wasn’t an eating competition. It was a stuff-food-into-your-mouth competition. That’s different.” Tony chimed in, earning him an annoyed eyeroll from Nat.
And that was exactly where Tony and Thor were hiding. They didn’t feel like sunbathing with the others, even though it was a beautiful day. Or maybe because it was such a beautiful day, the sunshine and soft waves standing in such a stark contrast to their gloomy mood.
For a long time, all that could be heard in the room, were Clint, Steve and Thor dotting over the bundle of fluff that Clint had named “Lucky”.
Steve’s heart did a double flip the moment they kissed. It was a shy and delicate kiss, so innocent and yet so meaningful. A soft moan escaped Tony, when Steve’s tongue licked over the other man’s lips. The sound flicked a switch in Steve’s head. Still sitting on the upturned bucket, he grabbed Tony’s hip with one hand, pulling the inventor onto his lap, while his other hand disappeared in his curly brown hair. In return Tony wrapped his arms around Steve’s neck, pressing their bodies as close as they could get in this position.
Not at all.
“Not allow him to make any snide remarks and instead smile all day.”
Satisfied, Nat watched them drink. All of them were a little tipsy, even Steve and that was the important part. The more drunk someone was, the worse they were at lying and what she needed right now was for Steve to be as bad a liar as possible.
“You had an eating competition!”
“Oh no.”
Tony sighed, shaking his head. “Okay, let’s say he does remember you, say he remembers who he was or is. Let’s pretend he will come with you willingly and without putting up a fight. Bucky is still a wanted man. Do you think you can just march into the country with him, without the government having something to say about that?”
There were pictures of him too. Long hair, the hint of a beard, like he hadn’t had the time to shave properly, an olive-green cap pulled deep over his face, almost completely shading his blue eyes. Tired eyes. Panicked eyes. He looked, by every definition, like a man on the run. Chased. Hunted.
Before Bucky had even the chance to reply, the whole apartment descended into chaos. The windows shattered from armed policemen swinging in, the door started wavering as the men on the other side tried to ram it open, smoke grenades were flying through the air.
“Let’s hope so, because otherwise this is bad.”
Steve didn’t seem to notice, he just smiled slightly and nodded. “Yeah. Good. You should come some time.”
Last night had been anything but comfortable. What Tony had forgotten when he stormed upstairs to escape into his room was that Clint and Thor had taken all of the blankets and pillows in the house to construct their fort. Meaning that his bed had been empty except for the mattress. Deciding that going downstairs to claim back his bedding was worse than sleeping with a towel as a pillow, Tony had rolled up one of the fluffy things and stuck it under his head, concluding that this was utterly ridiculous and that he definitely would talk to Steve in the morning.
“You are right. We don’t consider you a friend. You are family.” Steve declared, squeezing the god’s hand.
Tony rubbed the back of his neck. “Well, if me tagging along is going to be a problem we can do it some other time.“ He sounded slightly hopeful. He could go get some coffee. Relax by the pool.
“We are not right for each other. You need to find someone else.”
But Tony would rather Steve be angry than hurt. Anger Tony could deal with, he had experienced a great deal of that from other people in his life. But hurt? That was something that brought Tony to his knees, in this case quite literally.
“You have to. I dared you to!” Clint argued.
Tony looked up at Peter over the rim of his reading glasses and slowly put the book down that he had been reading.
After everyone had left the house, Tony changed into his swimming trunks and made himself comfortable in one of the deck chairs. Clint joined him a few moments later.
“There is a garage?!” Clint shook his head. “Why didn’t we notice that?”
Blond guy stared down at Tony; his eyes slightly narrowed.
Neither of them wanted to leave, for one enjoying their little paradise far too much, and also because they were afraid their new-found happiness would collapse as soon as every day life had taken over again.
The moment the door closed behind him, May was on Tony like a bloodhound. “This better be good, or so help me god you will never see Peter again.”
“Maybe if you ask nicely, he will do yours too.” Natasha grinned up at Tony. She had to admit that Steve was doing a great job and she already made a mental note for the next time she wanted her nails done.
Tony looked over at his teammate, like he just noticed that there was someone else besides Steve sitting at the table. Steve could have sworn that for a brief moment there was disappointment on Tony’s face, before the man had his facial expressions back under control.
He was scared that even if Tony did care for Steve in the same way, that it would sooner or later go down the drain anyways. Steve was by far not an easy person to live with. His nights were plagued by nightmares, he was restless all the time, got up way too early for a normal human being, was almost constantly on edge. This was not a good basis for a relationship.
"I'm leaving and that's final!"
“I do… love you.” Tony confessed in a hushed tone, a blush creeping up his neck.
The longer Steve stayed silent, the more Tony began to panic.
. He is
Instead of calling Nat out on bruising his poor body, Clint drew the second to last slip of paper. The one he was waiting for still hadn’t been read and he hoped it was finally time. But no luck yet. “Never have I ever watched keeping up with the Kardashians.”
Steve paced around in the kitchen. Sat back down. Got up again. Why did it take them so long to walk up the stairs? He rearranged the plates on the dining table.
“No. No I saw him at the pool and there was no tattoo.”  Bruce reminded them.
Not that it was bad, it was just something he never expected to happen.
Silence.
“I’m sorry Tony. For yelling and for what happened.” She said, her voice no longer harsh and accusing.
"I know! You see? I know all this. I know that Christmas is special and all and that it's important for families and you have presents and nice food and tinsel. Oh God so much tinsel! But... I don't. I don't have a family or presents or food. I mean I do now but not then. You see? My Christmas always was my father shouting at me and drinking and then shouting at my mother and then later I was drinking and shouting at him. Like him. And I had Jarvis, the real one, at the beginning when I was a kid but he's gone. And now you are here. And them. And we are a family. And what if all my families do on Christmas is shout and drink? I don't want that. That's why I wanted to leave. I rather not spend the holidays with you than spend them fighting. But then we were fighting about me leaving so we wouldn't fight and I had to come back because... I love you. And I want you to be happy and I hate fighting with you! So I'll try. I am trying. To do Christmas. Like normal people. With you."
“Is that why you’re here?” His opposite asked, his voice level, not a hint of emotion in it.
Steve could feel his blood rush to his head the moment Sally started to moan, his body temperature rising, his heartbeat going nuts. Suddenly he was feeling very hot and claustrophobic. He tried to focus on something, anything distracting himself from the noises coming form the television. He looked over to the others, who started to giggle, and he noticed that the only other person looking uncomfortable as well, was Tony.
If Clint, Bruce and Natasha seemed uncomfortable, it was nothing compared to Tony. He had attended a lot of weird dinners. Dinners where no one talked. Dinners where everyone talked at once. Dinners with his father shouting. Not one of them was as strange and puzzling as this one. If he didn’t know any better, he would have sworn, that Steve was having some sort of psychotic breakdown.
“Well, Clint, if I’m nice to you with this dare, what is my quit pro quo?”
Morning came and went, and they didn’t talk. Breakfast was spent with them talking about what to do, since it was their last day on the island, before heading back to New York the next morning. Bruce wanted to go back into town to explore a little more, Thor and Steve wanted to go back into the jungle one to see the butterflies, the other one to draw, Natasha wanted to go to the beach again and Clint and Tony just wanted to relax by the pool.
Steve’s moist hair was clinging to his forehead, his entire body tense, his face scrunched up, eyes hard. Tony couldn’t remember the last time he’d seen his Captain like that. His Captain? He meant THE Captain! Shaking his head ever so slightly, Tony focused once more on the man in front of him, trying his best not to stare too obviously at Steve’s bulging biceps.
“No witty reply, Stark? Are you dying?” Clint joked, earning him a kick under the table from Natasha. That was the second time today and he could already feel the bruises forming under his skin. If she kept going like that, he would look worse than after a fight against the villain of the week, which seriously made him consider holding his tongue and cutting back on the snide comments. But that would be wrong.
Natasha rolled her eyes. “You really think that put him off?”
“We are very excited.” Clint added, with absolutely no enthusiasm in his voice or face whatsoever.
“But no ambulance.”
Now this got Tony speaking again. “What? How? When? WHO?!”
“Because we didn’t look.” Bruce supplied helpfully. A few seconds later a small twig made contact with Bruce’s head.
Thor nodded in agreement. “It is very foolish, that our Captain is upset, just because he is in love with you.”
Steve half expected Natasha to argue with him and was actually surprised when she didn’t. Maybe on an ordinary day her lack of protest would have made him pause and rethink, but not today. The time for overthinking had past and it was time to finally act.
“Like the plan with the
“I messed up.” He admitted, clinging to the ice cream in his hands like his life depended on it. His whole body was tense, and he was barely able to hold eye contact with Natasha. But he’d be dammed if he was the first one to look away. He needed her to know that he meant business, that he knew he made a mistake and that it wouldn’t happen again.
“You know Cap, sometimes it’s okay to break the rules.” Before Steve could ask her what she meant, Nat already got up again to continue making drinks. Rules were never meant to be broken.
“Like a bride!” Thor added, half a pop tart stuffed in his mouth.
Thanks for reading, sweet people. Next chapter coming soon!
(See the end of the chapter for
Of course, Tony immediately offered to help them out with whatever they needed, but the Parkers were way too stubborn and proud to accept.
“When did you get it done?”
"Fine. Leave." With that he stepped aside, clearing the path to the elevator.
“Steve. Might I ask you a question?” Thor looked quite nervous about asking, his voice unsure.
Natasha started laughing again and Steve rolled his eyes with a smirk on his lips. When he was finally finished with Nat’s nails and they had dried, he looked over at Tony. “Your turn, Stark.”
The next morning was uncharacteristically quiet. Steve didn’t leave his room, not even for his usual morning run. So, it was just the five of them sitting around the breakfast table and apart from Thor no one was eating. Not that Tony was eating in the morning anyways, he could live on coffee for all he cared, and if it wasn’t for Bruce pestering him about it all the time he would. Now here they were sitting in silence, Nat and Clint looking like two beaten dogs, while Thor shoved waffles into his mouth and Bruce stared very intensely into his muesli bowl.
If only there wasn’t so much depending on it.
“Sprained wrist, bruised knuckles and some pretty deep cuts that need stitching. Did he deserve it?” Strange asked, looking Tony in the eyes for the first time since he entered the room. Suddenly at a loss for words, Tony just nodded but Strange seemed to understand.
“Steve.” Tony’s voice was ever so soft and gentle, and it made Steve’s heart ache even more.
Before Steve could say anything, Tony dived head first into one of his rambling monologues.
friend and
He hated nature, always so full of insects and other creepy stuff.
Apart from the giant inflatables he also carried two pool noodles.
Tony shook his head in disbelieve. “Bruce? Of all people. Fancy that.”
Two weeks later and Tony is still not happy about his new neighbour. He is even less happy about one of his customers.
“All I was saying was that we need a plan.”
“Why would you even –“
“I want to change!” Tony exclaimed, his voice a little higher pitched than usual. He had been uncharacteristically quiet since they had returned, and Steve hated it. If someone had told him a few years ago, that he would feel uncomfortable and even unhappy about Tony Stark shutting up, he would have laughed them out of the building. But now… now that silence made him feel more on edge than ever. And he had fought actual Nazis.
“I’m never flirting again.”
“Bruce, I dare you go over to someone and ask them if they can hear the butterflies mooing.”
“Yeah Nat and I have a plan!” Clint grinned triumphantly.
“I mean, Tony, that I am no longer the owner of the bakery. In fact, I think it’s a tea shop now. Sold it to a very nice young man, stunning eyes, good manners.”
“You know he’ll just keep whining if we don’t play.”
The moment probably didn’t last longer than a few seconds, but it felt like an eternity.
“Maybe I should just crawl back into the ice.” He mumbled to himself.
“Since it could get you arrested for helping a murderer.”
“So, what’s going on between you and Tony?”
Nat was about to follow him, but Clint held her back shaking his head. He didn’t know Steve as well as she did, but he knew that it would be better to let him blow off some steam first.
“Oh, you gotta be shitting me.”
The fact that Pepper handled all business concerning Stark Industries and Fury and Steve himself took care of anything regarding the Avengers, paired with Tony's reluctance to elaborate what kind of business he had to take care of just confirmed Steve's suspicion that this was about something else entirely.
The little sack of dried beans Steve was still holding in his hand, burst open, spilling its contents all over the floor. “Tony, I get it! You don’t feel the same. It’s fine! Just forget about it!” In the confined space, Steve’s voice bellowed louder than intended. He was definitely pissed off now.
A few minutes later everyone was assembled around the kitchen counter, listening to Bruce’s instructions about how to make the perfect quiche.
Tony had left half way through the second "Die Hard" movie and as Steve got up to go to bed as well he wasn't quite sure if he should go to his own room or Tony's.
For all the strength the serum gave him, he wasn’t strong enough for this. Wasn’t strong enough to stop his voice from breaking, from a small pathetic sob to escape. His hands were shaking, shame burning its way through his body. The last thing he wanted was to break down in front of Tony, he could not let him see this. It was already humiliating enough to be rejected, having a meltdown in front of the guy you loved was just too much to bear. He wanted to get up, escape, but two things were blocking his way to freedom: a locked door and Tony. The locked door he could have dealt with easily, but Tony?
Apparently, Natasha and Thor had the same idea, the two of them racing past him, already dressed in their swimsuits. Tony grinned as Thor jumped into the pool, using the full momentum of his run. The resulting wave caught Nat just as she jumped in after him.
“So, manners are out of style now?”
Steve and Bruce came to a halt about 20 meters in front of them. “Do you see what I see?” Bruce asked, his voice sounding very concerned. Steve just nodded.
“I ask again, you with us.”
“Well, that sounds nice.” Steve nodded again and licked his lips. Why was his mouth so dry again? And why was he still blushing?
If it weren’t for him, Bucky would never have fallen off the train, wouldn’t have ended up as a Hydra experiment.
Fury turned to look at the blond soldier. “You just got the crap beaten out of you Captain, you and your team need a breather.”
No one had brought up the topic of Tony's absence since Steve had joined them and he was glad about that. He smiled softly to himself as he watched Natasha braid tinsel into Thor’s hair. Yes, he was upset and hurt about Tony not being here with them, but he would be damned if he let that ruin his Christmas spirit. Steve was taking another sip of Bruce’s homemade extra strong eggnog, when for the second time today Steve's heart clenched upon hearing the elevators 'Ping', but this time it was out of joy.
“Because it’s ridiculous!” Tony’s voice was raised, a crease had formed between his brown eyes.
Steve sat up and swung his legs over the chair. “Sure. You forget that I am quite good a drawing. Can’t be that more difficult, right?”
“Speak for yourself, Stark.”
It all started a few months ago, when Steve couldn’t sleep and actually got bored of the gym, so instead he wandered into the common room where he found Thor sitting on the sofa with a giant bowl of chips. On the TV there were a bunch of loud women shouting at each other and Thor shouting at them.
And it was time for step one.
Steve’s eyes quickly shifted over to Nat, who shook her head ever so slightly. This wasn’t her doing. Accepting his fate, Steve sat down next to Tony. The fort was big, but they were six people, one of them a God with more muscles than two normal humans, and a super soldier with shoulders wider than a mile, making this a very tight space indeed. Steve tried to scooch as far to the side as possible, but he couldn’t avoid physical contact with Tony. Yet there was no way around their legs and hips touching. He knew both of them would be more comfortable if Steve would wrap his arm around Tony’s shoulder instead of it being wedged between their bodies, but he couldn’t do that. It would just be too intimate.
Steve watched on in amazement how Clint tried to negotiate with Natasha, and he was very, very glad that it wasn’t him graveling before her. There was a reason why she was the best.
“Thanks for the sentiment Clint.” Tony mumbled, still grumpy, as he unwrapped the gift. It was a pack of Clint’s secret coffee. They had been living together in the tower for a little over two years now and not once did Clint share a single drop of his coffee, no matter how much they begged, pressed or tried to trick him. So, this was definitely a big deal.
“What?”
“Run through town naked.”
“Okay fine. I’ll come with you on holiday.”
Tony observed Thor shovelling dry sand into one of the buckets, turn it over and watch it fall apart.
After the events of the past year and his take-down of Hydra, and subsequently S.H.I.E.L.D, after he had found out who the Winter Soldier really was, Steve had spend every free minute that he wasn’t with Tony or dealing with the regular Avengers business, looking for his long lost friend.
“Admit? What’s there to admit? Anyone who isn’t convinced that you can kill them in their sleep, kill them in
On Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays her nephew Peter would come over to Tony’s shop to help with filing and keeping the store in order, earning a few bucks on the side. But more often then not he and Tony would just sit around the desk doing Peter’s homework or tinkering on various little projects.
It took Natasha a great deal of self-control not to storm upstairs, kick in the door to Steve’s bedroom and make him feel sorry for ever waking up from the ice. It was one thing to be angry at her, that was fine, after all it was her stupid idea with the game. But he was not allowed to talk to Thor like that. For all his muscles and his being a god and all, everyone knew that Thor was a big softy inside. He cries during Disney movies. He got upset when someone was trying to kill a spider. Every time someone was feeling bad for whatever reason, he was the first trying to cheer them up. Thor was a ray of sunshine, his favourite pyjamas had unicorns on them for heaven’s sake! And after Thor opened up to everyone last night, about him not being sure if they were friends, let alone a family, such a comment from Steve was just unacceptable.
“Steve, look at me.”
“Hey!” Tony protested.
“Am I interrupting?” Steve asked carefully, slowly approaching the sofa.
“No way. The 90s are over, so no more black nails for me!” He took a step back, acting as if Steve had just threatened him.
And now there was this file in his hands. He almost didn’t dare to open it.
Blonde guy, whose name Tony still didn’t know, drove Peter and him to the same hospital Aunt May was released from just weeks ago. And there was him hoping they wouldn’t have to see the inside of this place again in a while.
“The pleasure is all mine, Stark.” She leaned in close to him and whispered: “Check on Steve.”
And honestly who could blame him? Just looking at the man made him feel all warm and fuzzy. His beautiful hair, that looked so soft, sometimes Steve had to physically stop himself from running a hand through it. His beard, so meticulously neat, all Steve could think about was if it would tickle when they were kissing. The way his brows were furrowed when he was tinkering on his inventions for hours and hours, Steve wished he could just pull him away from the workbench and massage the tension from his muscles. The way his whole face lit up when he was smiling not that fake smile he puts up for the press, but the real thing, that made Steve forget all the bad things in the world. Tony’s stunning brow eyes, so often hidden behind tanned sunglasses, always darting around, barely resting on anything for more than a second, oh but when the glasses were gone and he locked eyes with Steve, all he could see was warmth.
Steve got up from the bench a little wobbly on his feet.
Tony poked his head out of the fort beaming up at the rest of the group and Steve’s heart melted.
Tony turned into Bruce and buried his face in the other man’s shoulder. “Oh god.”
“Do you wanna know why you’re an idiot?”
Thor’s face dropped. “We can not have that. The battle will take place after we made the moat.” And with that he handed Tony the shovel. The inventor immediately went to work, fortifying the wall of concern.
Of course, Thor acting all sketchy and secretive caught Tony’s attention and he was a little surprised when Thor produced a small plastic shovel, that looked ridiculously tiny in his huge hands and a variety of differently sized buckets. Was he… was he going to build a sandcastle? No one else seemed to have noticed yet, Nat and Clint already swam too far out to see what was going on the beach and Bruce and Steve just went up to the house to get rid of their picknick stuff.
The other man’s eyes darted from his task of chopping up onions for a salsa up to Steve’s face. The moment they locked eyes, Steve knew that this was it.
Christmas Eve was spend watching a selection of cheesy Christmas movies. Bruce got his will with "Love Actually", threatening to not cook for them otherwise.
Most of the day went by in a lazy haze, all of them relaxing by the pools, dozing in the sun, reading or swimming to cool down, it was simply too hot to move any more. At some point someone suggested having a picknick on the beach and they made their way down to the little bay in front of the house. Thor grabbed a couple of things from the mystery closet, where he also got the pool inflatables from, wrapped whatever he got in a towel, while the rest of them carried the food Bruce and Clint had prepared. The food was delicious as usual, they had all sorts of tapas because Bruce was feeling “Spanish”.  They had long stopped questioning the logic behind the food choices Bruce made for them and just let the man do his thing.
Bucky considers just not saying anything, but the psychologist Tony called for them, Dr Matty, is nice enough and very understanding. She tells him that he has Intermittent Explosive Disorder, a disorder he most likely got from his decades as the Winter Soldier, and one that causes him to have extreme temper flashes, where he erupts into explosive tantrums.
“I gave him a comm.”
he thinks.
Bucky laughs derisively. “Every time fuckin’ time I saw that uniform. At first didn’ even know it was you. Didn’ know why I recognized it.”
Steve clenches his jaw and brushes past him, evidently trying to refuse to give him the satisfaction of reacting to what he said. He walks stiffly to his seat and pulls the straps secure over his chest with jerky movements, and Tony watches with no small amount of amusement, before flipping down his faceplate and lifting into the sky with a quick blast of his repulsors.
When he looks up, Tony has a thoughtful expression on his face and looks slightly troubled. Bucky raises his eyebrows, and Tony smiles when he sees them. “Anythin’ I can help you with?” Bucky grunts, and any cloud that was hanging over the other man darkens before fleeing, leaving him smiling once again, albeit slightly more wickedly.
Bruce turns to Thor, who’s being uncharacteristically quiet. “What are you thinking?” he asks, and Tony doesn’t realize he’s holding his breath until his throat begins feeling uncomfortably tight.
The next one is worse. Way worse.
what can you do?
” he had finally asked, repeating his original question.
“No,” Bucky says, and he sounds
Steve’s silent for too long, and that finally makes him give in to the urge and meet his eyes. Steve scrubs a hand over his face, ruffling his hair further so it falls over his forehead. It’s a surprisingly good look on him, Tony thinks, not that he would ever say anything of the sort.
He forces himself to get a goodnight’s sleep and skips breakfast. Even so, he finds himself bent over the toilet in the tiny bathroom.
“I’m sorry,” he tells Clint, and spits a wad of… something, off to the side.
, a symbolic
“Don’t tell my ma,” Bucky had begged, eyes pleading, and Steve yanked his eyes up to meet Bucky’s own terrified gaze somewhat guiltily.
on the head before setting it aside. “Hit me with the next one. Not Tank, though, I already saw him.”
Trust is a fragile thing, though. Bucky knows that breaking it, especially when it belongs to this man, is an awful idea.
He fiddles with the little key before finally pushing it in and twisting it, pushing open the door with a quick swing. Behind the door is nothing but black, black, black. It looks haunted and mysterious as if something’s lurking through the entrance, waiting to eat them.
“Yeah,” Steve says, smiling softly. “I know.”
Please comment, I promise I don't bite!
Bucky hums in response and Tony moans, nearly losing it right there. “God, yes,” he gasps, and Bucky pulls off quickly with a wet
The van bounces a little as it travels along the road, and one particularly jarring jolt has Bucky slamming his head back dully and biting back a groan. His headache isn’t gone, not at all, but Bucky knows he’s running out of time. He’s unsure of whether the two drivers decided to go through with the gas stop or not, and if they already made it if they did.
Bucky chuckles at that, and a rumbling feeling of happiness shoots through Tony’s heart. Jesus, he’s falling fast.
It doesn’t work, of course.
Everything seems like it’s evening out back into a place where Tony doesn’t feel the need to hide in his workshop for hours on end, until another character begins popping up. The Winter Soldier’s been spotted several times now and seems hellbent on Steve, for whatever reason. They haven’t gotten a close-up of his face yet and, like the rest of them, they just assume the Winter Soldier is just another Russian soldier Hydra managed to brainwash.
The other man doesn’t say anything.
“So...”
Bucky guesses it correctly anyway. “Did it help when I slept next to you?”
As it turns out, Bucky Barnes is quiet when he’s getting off, the only noises breaking free from him being soft gasps, breathy moans, and a quiet ‘uh’. Tony desperately wants to hear what he sounds like when he’s getting fucked, but he figures there’s always time for that later.
Bucky finishes in his head.
Bucky grunts affirmitably, and Rhodey’s eyes narrow. “Tony, is this man going to be another Steve?” he asks bluntly, and Tony’s fingers tense on Bucky’s head, while Bucky freezes completely, the muscles in his back bunching up as his whole body goes taut.
Bucky then had associated the memory with pain and betrayal, because for the first time he’d truly seen Steve as a coward. The whole situation had also been extremely ironic because Steve had never been weak in his old body. He had thought, at the time, that Steve in his old body would somehow have been more strong, would have said yes to Bucky’s pleading. He knows better, now. He knows it wouldn’t have mattered if Steve was eight or two feet tall, he still would have said no.
Bucky scowls at the patronising words, but he can see what he’s talking about. The right side is pristine and clear, the white lines of his ribs and the sweeping dip of his clavicle clearly discernible from the rest of the body, and he can even see the faint mass of his lung behind them.
Trouble is, there aren’t any. He isn’t in the 1930s anymore, in a rundown apartment building in Brooklyn, where the walls are thinner than paper and the spiders in abundance. There’s no Steve next to him to conserve body heat, no peeling wallpaper, no grimy window with a raggedy curtain that’s hanging from the rod by a thread.
There’s something calculating in their depths, and Tony’s breath catches as Steve stares him down, and he cannot shake the notion that he is nothing more than personal entertainment for this man, nothing more than something funny and amusing, something to play with before eating.
to you?” Steve’s voice breaks and he gasps, a tear rolling down his cheek.
Tony can feel the edges of guilt creeping into his vision, whispering that he should have paid more attention to the both of them, recognized some sort of sign that everything was not okay,
“If Becca could see this place, she would give you a good talkin’ to.”
Steve grabbed his shield and exited the jet with Sam, who after giving Steve a reassuring nod, took off to keep watch on the opposite roof.
“No coffee for a week.”
“Going swimming without any clothes.” Bruce explained, while lifting his glass to take a sip. So was everyone else. Including Steve.
“Guess I should leave you two as well. Tasha, a pleasure as always to lose to you.”
“You know, sometimes I wonder where my life went wrong to end up here.” Clint mumbled to Bruce. But the man didn’t hear him, he was already on his way over to the trio on the deck chair, so he could get his nails done next.
Two weeks where he didn’t know what to do, how to tell Steve about finding Bucky. It shouldn’t have been so difficult. He should just have been able to come up to Steve and given him the file right away. But he was scared.
Steve on the other hand and grabbed his little sketch book that he took with him everywhere. He sat down on a rock and started drawing the scene in front of him. Bruce lying on the beach reading, Nat and Clint out in the ocean slashing each other with water, laughing and giggling like children and of course Thor and Tony building their sandcastle – sandfort – like actual children.
It took Thor a few more seconds until he was ready to release Steve from his hug. They looked at each other, no words were exchanged but they understood. Steve still felt guilty, but the small smile Thor gave him was reassuring. Now he just needed to make amends with everyone else.
“Listen here Cap, you need to show Tony that you like him.”
May laughed and rested her head back on the pillow. “I have tasted your cooking, dear, and trust me when I say, you would burn down the place in less than a week.”
Justin ran his hands over the bookshelves. “Can’t I just be checking in on my friend?”
“Because I’m bo-ho-hored!” Clint almost, no not almost, absolutely sounded like a child that’s about to throw a fit in the middle of the mall because his parents wouldn’t let him have candy. Only that he was a grown-up man, a trained assassin even, surrounded by superheroes in a lovely little square on a Caribbean island.
“Okay, since neither of you paid any attention, you get demoted to fetching the supplies.” Bruce scolded. “Tony, Steve, you go get dried beans for the crust. I think I saw some in the cupboard under the stairs.”
This wasn’t the right time to talk to Steve.
“Well then, let’s snuggle up and put the movie on.” Bruce said, placing the rest of the food in front of the pillow fort.
Apparently, his face, even hidden, betrayed his emotions because Bruce placed an arm around Tony’s shoulder.
Thor was happily stuffing his face with the pasta Bruce had prepared, while telling the group about how butterflies loved him because they could sense his godly powers. Everyone listened intently, smiling at Thor’s child-like enthusiasm. Only Steve didn’t seem to pay any attention to the story, staring at his plate as if he wanted the pasta to spill some secrets of national importance. Of course, Natasha immediately noticed how the super soldier tensed up as Tony walked in. She nudged Tony gently and raised an eyebrow at him when he gave her a puzzled look.
When the movie was finally over, Tony risked a small glance over at Steve. He was very conscious about how close they were to each other and it by no means slipped his attention how flustered the super soldier had gotten during the restaurant scene. Not that he had any more control over his own body. Noticing Steve, noticing him looking, Tony abruptly jerked his head around, facing the other way. To his left he found Thor and Bruce yawning and rubbing their eyes, evidently ready to fall asleep at any moment. Clint and Natasha were still snuggled up under their blanket, her head resting on his shoulders, both snoring softly. It made an adorable picture, just like they would make an adorable couple if they finally got their shit together
“What’s that about?” He asked out loud, not particularly addressing the man next to him. But Bruce answered anyways.
Everything was the same as always.
Tony sat up and rubbed the sleep out of his eyes. “Steve, don’t you think that’s a bit, I don’t know rushed?”
“I can take care of the shop.” Tony suggested eagerly.
Or wasn’t going on.
His mind kept wandering back to Tony.
I hope you enjoy!
“People!”
Steve blinked in confusion. “What?”
“Oh no.”
Just thinking about being Tony’s prey, made Steve thoughts jump to a very different kind of situation, with a considerable lesser amount people involved. But to be fair it would include Tony seeing his tattoo.
He was grinning from ear to ear. “I know. But sometimes you should break the rules.”
Clint finally recovered from his near-death experience and flopped down on the sofa where Thor has finally collapsed onto as well. “I think they had a moment in bed on that boat.”
Tony’s mouth opened and closed a few times, but no words escaped him. It was one of those rare occasions where Tony Stark was rendered speechless.
“They’re in love or something.” He certainly wasn’t serious about that, he knew for sure that Nat had her eye on another team mate and that her and Steve were just close friends.
“Move your lazy ass, Stark.”
Steve didn’t really mind what they would be watching, and Clint assured him that “Die Hard” was a Christmas classic and that Bruce Willis was basically Santa with the small but significant difference that instead of delivering toys to children he delivered bullets to criminals.
The other man grabbed Steve by the shoulder and threw him to the ground, behind the kitchen counter, just as a hail of bullets rained down where they just stood.
Natasha just shrugged and grabbed one of the aprons. “Doctor’s orders.”
Clint knew that shit was about to hit the fan when he saw the way Nat looked at him. That’s when he realized that he was the only one who hasn’t been dared to do anything yet. And that it was Natasha’s turn.
a lot of sex for some reason and some awkwardness
Bucky nods, and looks down at his hands. “I–I think we used to be real close,” he clears his throat, “before I fell,” he mumbles. He shakes his head violently and turns to Tony, eyes beseeching. “I swear it ended when I fell. Nothin’s happened, I promise.”
going to throw up.
“Hold up,” Tony interrupts. “You liked me, Rogers?”
Drawing and uh some sex
Tony sputters indignantly. “I resent that, Brucie-bear! Cracks? There are no
“Fella,” Bucky mutters, and Tony only laughs harder.
Tony wolf-whistles as Clint tugs his shirt off to join his pants on the floor, and Clint gives him the middle finger in response, not even breaking his litany of mingled curses and complaints. He steps through the slim door at the back, the panel closing behind him with a whoosh, and then it’s silent for a few minutes. The only sound is from a muttered conversation between Natasha and Bruce, and Tony wonders what for.
Tony sighs. He should’ve known. Still, something had seemed vaguely familiar. Not like personally met familiar, but like someone you’d have seen in the news. He shakes it off, and reaches to turn his own comm on before he remembers: oh, right, he gave it to the Winter Soldier. He sighs and lifts off the ground to rejoin the fight.
He clears his throat. “What’s going on in Malibu?”
Another lick of fear and dread curls in his stomach and Bucky forces his heart rate to slow down, taking in and letting out deep breaths. In, and out. In, and out. That’s it.
“Fuck, I think you broke me,” Bucky groans, and drags himself to go sit at the headboard. At Steve’s questioning glance, he continues: “I can usually go a few rounds,” he says, and winks.
“So we’re both in the same boat, then?” Bucky asks cautiously.
But, the baby.
“Tony,” Bucky says, and Tony ignores him.
I have no fucking idea what that first part was about with the team and Tony in the kitchen. I just wanted to tie off that whole thing because I did not think ahead!! Also quick clarification: Neither Tony nor Bucky knows that the Winter Soldier killed Howard and Maria Stark.
“Coulson’s not going to be so happy,” Natasha warns from across the quinjet.
That was… not what he meant to say. Like, at all.
“Okay, so we’re just going to take some more x-rays and check how everything’s doing inside as well as look at the arteries and veins… fuck, I wish Bruce was here but I know you don’t really like him…” Tony keeps a litany of babble as he roots through his cabinets, starting to give JARVIS some instructions. Bucky just watches, amused, and does his best to sit still.
After finally forcing himself to reinforce the stomach plating of his suit, he stares a little too longingly at his whiskey for his comfort. So he forces himself to leave the workshop, not sure where he’s going, but knows he needs to be
Tony shivers, and leans up to nip at Bucky’s collarbone.
Even without his metal arm, his real arm is still chock full of Hydra's bastardized version of the serum, and packs a hell of a punch. He wedges the end of the stiletto underneath the crack where the glass meets the metal and presses down on the rest of the shoe until he hears a crack and a fissure appears in the bottom of the window. Bucky grins to himself. Give him two minutes and he’ll be able to make the whole thing shatter.
Tony swallows, blinks back sudden tears. Damn hormones. “Yes, please,” he says in a small voice, and Bucky nods and pushes himself up off the floor, leaving the partly disassembled engine on the floor.
Tony sucks in a breath and tells himself to start acting normal. Unfortunately, the small sound has alerted Steve, who looks up sharply from where he’d been undoing his belt to pierce him with a glare. Blue eyes rove the length of his body quickly as if to say,
To his surprise, Steve holds his gaze. “What
” Rhodey says, and
“Or, you know what? We can just do it now.”
His voice is soft and sweet when he says his name, and Bucky wants to take the bait the man’s offering, wants to just concentrate on the way his name fell so perfectly from between Tony’s lips, but he has a mission, dammit.
“You look down,” Tony notes with a quick glance at him before going back to the articles he was reading, and the grin Bucky’s managed to carefully cultivate on his face slips down quickly, leaving just pure frustration.
Footsteps walk away…
, he doesn’t want to pick a fight at one in the morning. So he rolls his eyes and climbs into the jet, walking to his seat in the back and shedding his armor into a heap on the floor.
That still doesn’t stop him from being confused and wanting answers, dammit.
Here he knows it’s okay, it’s okay to be human, he’s already cried, dammit, but something still holds him back, something still feels ashamed at how he started
Tony reminded him of Bucky so much it was painful, and Steve couldn’t stop himself from seeing his former lover in Tony, and it
Bucky rolls his eyes. They have time for words later. “Steve, get your ass over here.”
The phone rings for a long time, and he wonders if Pepper will even pick up. To his immense relief she does, with a hesitant, “hello?”
Bucky now can appreciate what an ass he was that night, how demanding and prissy he had been. He knew Steve was tired of hiding, too. Knew that he would have done anything to change laws and make it acceptable, but that was before. Then the war happened, and then Captain America, and suddenly Steve’s body matched his mind and spirit, and he had a reputation to uphold. Captain America couldn't be bisexual. It just wasn’t done.
“Not a problem, Mr Barnes,” comes the swift reply, and Bucky peels himself off the wall, running a quick hand through his hair before stumbling off in search of his boyfriend.
Bucky laughs once, a short sound that’s more of a forced noise then an actual chuckle. “It’s okay. I don’t mind being around,” he says honestly but makes sure to look away, to give Tony time to compose his face if he needs to.
“If that’s what it’ll take,” Steve says evenly, maybe too evenly, and Tony’s eyebrows shoot up.
“No I don’t, Cap. Fuck off.”
TW: mentions of suicidal attempts, self-harm, flashbacks, mental disorders, hitting (physical abuse), strong language, and probably more along this vein.
Is hung like a horse.
Bruce sighs. “C’mon then, up you get.”
We find out why Steve was such an asshole!!!! Finally :)
Well, fuck.
, much less boyfriends… don't you think this is moving a bit fast? Don’t we have other things to talk about?”
Tony looks up, startled, and quickly takes in Bucky’s horrified expression. “I’ve been sleeping,” he says, rushing to reassure Bucky. “They weren’t that bad, then. I kind of made myself sleep because I knew it would be good for it.” He clears his throat. “For them.”
The doctor smiles at him faintly. “A baby. You’re going to have a baby.”
“Good AI," Tony praises. "Wait, downtown? How many cars are out? What exactly are we dealing with here?”
Bucky would kiss him as often as Tony wanted, however, as long as they weren’t around the team, or in public. Tony also didn’t mind, as the kisses he got in private more than made up for it.
After a minute or two, he can hear the hiss of water starting and figures he should go find some new clothes for him. The other clothes the Soldier had been wearing looked ripped and torn and had fit very poorly, and clearly were in dire need of a wash. He roots through the pile of clothing he keeps in the workshop for accidents, looking for the biggest shirt and sweatpants he can find.
“Who’s Bucky?” he rasps.
It made Bucky’s heart warm to think about.
“Steve kissed you…” Sam says, and he looks slightly bemused.
Howard would tell him, a small smile appearing on his face.
“Do I ever,” Tony groans. “You know, I’m glad you brought this up. Pepper didn’t want to listen to–”
Again.
“No. Whatever you’re thinking, no.”
“Alright,” Tony allows. “The bathroom’s through there,” he says, pointing towards the back of his workshop. The Soldier nodded once, greasy hair sweeping over his face further.
“I was containing her?” he says, cursing himself for making it sound like a question.
Christ, he needs to get laid.
Steve’s mother used to put a small pillow filled with dried sprigs of the stuff on Steve’s forehead when he was sick, Bucky remembers. He also remembers how’d he sit at his best friend’s bedside and rub his hand or fluff his pillows, and complain about the stench of Vicks VapoRub, tea, and, of course, lavender. When he did that, Steve would usually swat at him weakly, and tell him he’d feel bad about it if he died.
cruel, that he had let his anger get the best of him, that was just… embarrassing, and it made Bucky a little nauseous to think about.
Steve buries his head in his hands and takes a deep, rattling breath. “Do you have any idea,” he says, his words slightly muffled, “what it’s like to wake up in a world where the love of your life is dead and, not only that, the last memory you have before dying yourself is
there’s the prickling warm sensation of tears behind his eyes, his face growing hot with it, and he just wants Steve and Tony to be with him
“Why wouldn’t I?” comes the weak reply, and Bucky sighs.
Maybe Bucky would be cooking pancakes for breakfast while Tony leaned against the counter, a cup of coffee in his hand, a baby girl bouncing on his hip. Bucky would lean over in the middle of cooking to kiss him gently on the forehead, and then smack a loud one on the little girl’s cheek until she shrieks with laughter, grinning widely with not enough teeth to make it a proper smile. Then Bucky would turn around, facing the doorway and bearing a large plate of fluffy hotcakes waiting to be drenched in syrup, and he would offer to the man who’d just come through the door, a man with blond hair that was sweaty and sticking to his forehead and huge grin. A man that would cross the room with the plate in his hand and lean down to give Tony a kiss and then his daughter one…
Tony snorts. “I’m pissed, but also, I don’t recall saying you were allowed to leave me again.” He pauses. “Also, I’m not sure my libido could take it.”
Bucky twists his whole body this time, to stare directly into Tony’s eyes. He holds it for a second, searching them, before getting to his feet and walking away, footsteps silent even on the stone.
“Is he... involved?” she asks, but she already knows the answer even before Tony answers for her.
Tony smiles a little bitterly, chancing a glance at Steve while saying carefully, “you boys have fun, now,” before scurrying out of the room as fast his pregnant body will allow him to, fleeing to the safety of his workshop.
Bucky looked down at the ground and licked his lips. He shook his head, and set his own half-filled mug down on the counter, leaving the room nearly silently. The fact that he had headed in the direction of the workshop and not his own room definitely said something, however, and the team had left it at that.
“Alright, alright. So… I may have been lying to you about something? Well, not
“You know?” he croaks out.
Bucky’s heart melts, but he doesn’t let his expression show. “That’s okay, Steve. Here, wait one moment while I get you some food, though, okay?”
Since now, apparently.
Tony smiles. “Thirteen. There’s not very much fat on my stomach,” he says, preening a bit.
He waves that one away after a while, and pulls up an x-ray. He makes a twirling gesture with his finger, and the screen swivels towards Bucky. Tony sits down on a chair with small black wheels on the feet, and nods at it.
Bucky rolls his eyes and swats his boyfriend’s arm, but he does end up riding the damn thing.
On top of the roof is a little garden, lit up by twinkling lights. Pots and beds of flowers, herbs, and vegetables take up almost all of the space, leaving only a small center where a couple of yoga mats are bolted down. Steve picks his way over there and sits down, placing the bag in his lap and rooting through it, pulling out containers.
for it, but he also felt like extraordinarily good sex at the right time was better than bad sex because one of them felt pressured into it.
“You just felt guilty, didn’t you?” Bucky rasps. “You thought loving him would be like cheating on me.”
. Dr Mathilda, she had gone on to explain, was better, but not by much. She was a licensed professional, not a character in a Roald Dahl book.
“Uh,” Tony clears his throat. “Yeah, um, maybe two months ago?”
Gosh, does Bucky feel bad about the art. But it’s too late. What was done is done; the damage is already inflicted.
“It wasn’t, was it.”
As they got older, however, it became significantly less innocent. When Bucky was about fifteen and Steve sixteen and having one of their sleepovers, Steve woke in the middle of the night to the sound of labored breathing and gasps coming from Bucky’s cot, and a frantic rustling of fabric.
“Iceman and Maverick have so much sexual tension,” Tony mumbles around a mouthful of sandwich.
Tony hums sleepily, but doesn’t stir further.
“He loves you,” he whispers, and hangs his head so he doesn’t have to look at Tony and see the expression there.
The Avengers don’t assemble for a longer period than normal, this time being two weeks before they go out, exactly six weeks from what Tony’s referring to as the “incident”. Tony wakes up groggy, scrambling out of bed before the alarm even finishes blaring. He curses the world for being evil the one day he actually spends the night in his bed, trying to get decent rest, but is out of the Tower, suit assembled around him, in barely five minutes.
Tony smiles again, far more genuinely. “That I can do.”
” Bucky snarls. “You did no such thing. I started it both times, and what happened after the second fight was
Steve stops, and finally,
Bucky glares at him. “Might I remind you that we’re in the same boat, here?”
Bucky nods. He does know that.
Barnes glances up at him briefly before looking back down and pulling on the sweat pants. His muscles ripple as he pulls the shirt over his head, and Tony finds himself tracing them with his eyes, wanting to lick them.
“Well done, detective.”
Tony grumbles as he wakes up to the droning sound of JARVIS’ telling him to go to the kitchen for breakfast. He grumbles at his ceiling blearily and pushes himself up into a sitting position, cursing the hard couch. He should’ve known better than to sleep there.
“Yeah.”
Tony winks at him. “Hop to it, soldier,” he teases, and Bucky chuckles, leaning and stealing a quick kiss.
“I can’t just sit back, I just
“I thought you hated me! Was that not hate sex?”
“Sir is in the nursery, reading,” the automated British voice answers, and Bucky nods wearily.
“That was nice,” Tony sighs.
“My name’s Bucky,” Bucky says, and his mind presents him with a new memory, one from his first year of schooling, when he had to say the very same thing to his teacher and the class. He’s somehow more nervous for this introduction, however.
He watches with a sort of morbid curiosity as Bruce takes out a small knife, cutting small incisions into Steve’s knuckle and general forearm, only to go back in with tweezers to pluck out the shrapnel. His jaw is firmly clenched, the edges of his ears a very faint green, and Bucky knows not to say anything.
He pulls away, mouth opening, ready to say… he has no idea, but
Please please comment; I love responding to y’all
“Shower,” the Soldier says without preamble.
They explain his inability to keep his mouth shut around the particularly harmful thoughts, and why he slapped Steve and threw the teacup at him.
“I don’t care. It’s yours now, and I want you to try it out.”
He can more feel than see Bucky shake his head beside him. “No,” he whispers. “Only snippets, mostly, but even those are a bit fuzzy ‘round the edges.”
Bucky grins, then sobers a little. “Rules?” he asks, and Tony blinks at him.
“Your daughter… can I…?”
Bucky’s head thumps rhythmically against the side of the van as the old car trundles slowly down the road, setting off a raging headache Bucky knows isn’t just from whatever he got knocked out with.
But Tony… Bucky knows he can take care of himself, too, but it would make him feel so much better just to have someone to look out for, to have someone who Bucky uses to remind himself that he can never revert to the Winter Soldier. And if Tony resists, which he no doubt will, Bucky can tell him he’s doing it for the baby.
Steve’s hands are splayed at his back, running desperately up and down his sides, his fingertips catching lightly on the fabric of Tony’s shirt. His hands are strong and calloused from swinging his shield around, and
Tony carefully distangles his jaw from Bucky’s fingers and looks away. “I don’t know,” he admits. “I think we went a little too fast.”
“Steve?” Bucky asks, voice laced with uncertainty and… protection?
Bucky just holds Tony’s hand, slowly reaching the other one up until it tangles in Tony’s hair. It’s just as soft as he always imagined it would be, and he runs metal fingers gently through the strands, silently marveling at how he can feel
“Haven’t changed then, I see,” she says fondly. “Oh! Make sure you call Rhodey. I’m sure he misses you.”
They’d do it without warning, too, monitoring closely to see his reaction. If the pain showed, they’d beat him or shoot him again, before reciting the trigger words to insure he was theirs, and then put him into cryostasis. If it didn’t, if by some miracle he managed to keep it in, they would send him out on a mission and give him a day off after to clean, reload, polish, organize, or fix his weapons. The Winter Soldier liked doing this. It was a form of control he could exercise. It was a reward, above all else.
“You ready to go home?” Natasha asks from behind the steering wheel, and Bucky manages half a nod before thunking his head back against his seat, breathing out a sigh.
Here in the garden, the faint scent of lavender filling his nose and the quieted sounds of the rushing city below, Bucky can remember the crushing relief of finding Steve just as he left him, half-propped on pillows with a cup full of of yellow tea on his side table.
Bucky only grins back and shakes his head. He can tell they’re wading into somewhat dangerous territory here, but for the life of him he can’t stop. “How would you like me?”
“Steve,” he says firmly. “Look at me.” Steve does, with eyes that look suspiciously glassy. “She’s your daughter too. I know it doesn’t seem that way right now, and I know that you don’t feel like you deserve her with everything between you and Tony, but painting a door in a room for her when she’s not even born yet? There’s nothing wrong with that. It’s the least you can do. I thought you said you wanted to be a part of her life?”
“I don’t.”
They walk out of the room, Steve trailing Bucky like a shuffling dog, until Bucky reaches the elevator. They’re silent the entire ride, but Bucky can see Steve shivering slightly.
“Of course not, don’t be ridiculous,” Tony snaps back, rolling his eyes. “Put your gun away, Jesus.”
Bucky traces his eyes lightly over Tony’s features, the brown eyes lit up by excitement for the nursery, the expressive hand gestures that somehow give Bucky a perfect picture of what he’s explaining, the smile in his features, the clear happiness and safety this project has clearly brought to him, and the whole thing just seems so… endearing.
“I’ll curl up with you while you sleep.” He tilts his head. “You look like you need someone.”
It’s true; the first time Tony Stark had ventured out with a noticeable bump (without anyone else, because that would have been highly suspicious), he’d graced the front pages for nearly a week. All sorts of speculations were thrown around, but “he’s getting fat” were his and Bucky’s favorite by far. It had made them both laugh until they were wheezing, because what a fucking idiot that reporter had to have been.
Tony smiles slightly at him and takes pity. “Hey, Barnes, it’s fine. Look, I get it. Just because I’m not in love with him–”
“Lemon wedges,” he answers firmly. “Lots of ‘em.”
“Show me?” Steve had croaked. Was this something people did
littleonevixen - red panda w/ fairy wings
“Black Widow?” Steve asks.
“Jesus, that’s creepy,” Tony breathes, clearly impressed. He’s watching Bucky make like a statue and freeze, and he’d been lying if he said it wasn’t a bit creepy. The man is completely still, and Tony isn’t sure he’s even breathing. Bucky hasn’t blinked yet, either, and thinking of that makes Tony oddly conscious of his own eyes opening and closing. Ugh. Now he feels like he has to manually blink.
The music lowers in volume, but he still doesn’t notice the presence behind him until a hand lightly taps him on the shoulder. He grabs the hand and has it twisted behind Tony’s back and above his head, Tony’s face smashed against the table before he realizes what’s happening.
“Fuck,” he breathes. He looks up at Bucky and beams. “Here, feel this,” he says excitedly, and drags flesh fingers to rest on his stomach.
“They better,” Thor rumbles in agreement, glaring at the innocent duck in his arms and cursing himself all the while.
He takes time to look at the room. Since painting the walls for Tony, the room hasn’t changed a lot, but there are a few noticeable differences. For one, the wall is full of beautiful, vibrant flowers, and they even curl up around the posts of the crib in the corner. They’re breathtakingly drawn and delicate and
because I was too much of a coward?” his voice breaks again, and now he’s doing what Bucky wouldn’t: crying.
get me lemon wedges.”
“And why not?” Bucky snaps.
Bucky is still refusing to look at Steve but he knows him well enough, even after all that’s happened, to know that he’s nodding his head slowly, trying to understand. “Alright, Buck,” he says, and Bucky can tell he’s looking for more information, more details about what exactly is going through that damaged brain of Bucky’s, but Bucky doesn’t feel like giving it to him.
What in the world is he going to do with a baby? A tiny human that is so fragile, even more fragile than the man in his arms, and one mistake could end the baby’s life. He’s not strong enough for this, damnit. But he has to be. He just has to be. He shuts his eyes tightly and clings to Tony like a drowning man does desperately to his last breath of fresh air, and stays like that until Tony wakes three hours later.
“I, uh, I love you too,” he says, clearing his throat, and Bucky beams, before leaning down to kiss him properly, until all Tony can feel is warm and safe and
TW: very brief mention of suicide (like he just thinks about it), if you want to avoid it just skip Steve thinking about shit after Bucky leaves and head to the next break :)
“...Am not very comfortable with the notion that my boyfriend is literally in another man’s bed,” Steve finishes for him. “I get that.”
Bucky is watching him, looking ready to throw a punch any minute, and Steve remembers the teacup that was thrown at him. He looks down, and there's a line of blood in his shirt where the open wounds pressed on it briefly before closing, and it hurts
lmao i have no idea how to write kidnappings or escape plans, but the idea of Bucky with some black stilettos in his hands just felt right
Tony doing something at one of the lit tables, the sleeves of his work shirt rolled up. It seems unusual that Tony’s not working in a wifebeater, but maybe things have changed since he started dating Bucky.
“I–when did this happen?”
“I miss you,” Pepper finally says. “Call me with updates? We’re still friends, you know.”
. It hurts too much. So why don’t you leave me alone, huh? Try not to rip any more sketchbooks on your way out.”
LAST THING - should i name chapters? i'm unsure about it but it would make things easier to look back on and find
Steve sighs, a loud, blustery sound that’s full of impatience. “What do you want?”
Bucky knows he shouldn’t, he really does. But the words are right there… and besides, he’d already told Steve Tony still loved him, so surely the other way around wouldn’t be too bad?
“Fuck, you’re cute,” Bucky says, with feeling, and he’s not sure where all this confidence is coming from but it’s coming from somewhere and he’s going to use it while he can, dammit.
“Good point. Okay, ah, here’s the thing. We’ve noticed you around, and we were wondering–”
Steve spins on his heel and leaves, taking much of Tony’s energy with him. He sinks down into a chair and rests a hand gently on his stomach, drawing silent support from his unborn daughter, before burying his head in both hands.
Steve shouldn’t be doing this, he really shouldn’t. How could he have given into this? He was supposed to be stronger than this, but one heated glance from a billionaire and suddenly his composure is gone, his dignity thrown out the window. Tony had pressed him over and over again and he knew he should have said something earlier, told him to stop, but he hadn’t, and now look: he was fucking him against a wall.
Still, something snaps back into place when Steve barks at him. He feels a positively feral grin curl the ends of his mouth, and he knows he’s leering.
“I do many things you don’t know about,” she says vaguely, waving a hand around.
Rhodey recognizes the flash of anger that crosses his features. “No,” he forces out, “this is none of your business. I understand that Tony is your best friend, but this was my mistake, and definitely not your battle. Good day, Colonel,” he says, and swiftly leaves, disappearing from sight.
“I think so,” Bucky replies, honestly, answering the question even if the phrasing is a bit weird. He chooses not to acknowledge the second part of the question because while he has no idea what or who Terminator is, he trusts Tony at least enough to know he’s probably not making fun.
“What the fuck was that,” Bucky hisses to Steve, who’s folding up his uniform neatly with jerky movements, using a small white chalk pen to mark where repairs needed to be made, a habit he’d never dropped from years of Sarah stitching up the torn knees of his and Bucky’s pants.
(See the end of the chapter for
behind him. He decides to take the stairs instead of the elevator, looking forward to a little walk in the peaceful tower after dark.
Tony throws his head back and cackles until his throat is sore and the peals of laughters sound forced, because the whole situation is just so
“I should be able to,” Tony says unflinchingly, “but it’s been disabled, somehow.”
He swallows thickly and closes his eyes, because no no no, Tony,
“It’s your own goddamn fault!” Bucky shouts. “You shouldn’t think that you have the right to me just because we fucked a little before the war!”
The Soldier lifts his gun further up, finger twitching closer to the trigger. “I ain’t goin’ anywhere with you,” he growls. Icy blue-grey eyes pierce through him over the black fabric.
Tony decided to try multi-tasking again, blinking his eyes open and giving a little whine of pain. Surprisingly, it was bearable, although probably not recommended, and for his troubles he was rewarded with seeing the bluest eyes to have ever existed. Frankly, BBB looked a lot like an angel, with the white wings, the fair skin, the blonde hair, and of course the aforementioned eyes.
It was a glorious morning. The glorious-est of glorious mornings. A morning like no other. The birds were chirping, the sun was shining, the good vibes were vibing, the juju was flowing—
It was a solid 10 minutes of silence between them, one of the longest stretches ever in their history. Tony was sure that they must've made quite a sight, with Tony scarfing down every last crumb and morsel of food while Steve tried his hardest to not bust out laughing as he watched Tony with hearts in his eyes. All the while, Sirius was busy scrounging underneath the table for any scraps that his humans might’ve dropped.
Tony froze as he was yanked out of his reverie and back to reality. He began sweating, his wingtips quivering, his vision blurring. His breath was coming in shorter and shorter bursts, his fucked up heart working overtime. He heard sound, but it was like he was a ghost watching the living world move on without him, only able to catch brief murmurings and echoes. It must’ve been him speaking, probably spewing out some patented bullshit about the Stark legacy and how much he loved and mourned for his parents (which wasn’t a total lie, he did miss Maria) and how it was such a great loss to the world, but Tony couldn’t grasp onto any of it.
“You have now laid there for five minutes. I strongly recommend you get up and get ready for the day sir,” JARVIS kindly reminded him.
At this point, Tony was clutching his stomach, trying to hold in the waves of laughter that threatened to burst out from his mouth. It was a losing battle, and he ended up rolling around on the sofa as he let out belly laugh after belly laugh. He had to wipe tears from his eyes once he was done, but it was worth it. He felt lighter than he had all day, and he knew that had been Steve’s goal.
“I think the board is out to kill me. That’s undoubtedly the only logical explanation as to why a routine meeting has lasted for THREE whole hours so far.
“Yeah… I’ve heard of it,” Tony said hesitantly, “but I thought that was outlawed in every state after World War II ended. Why do you bring it up?” Tony raised a suspicious eyebrow at Steve as he waited to hear whatever unrealistic crackhead story that had apparently actually happened that he was going to tell him.
He felt his shoulders and wings start to shake, and he instinctively buried his face into the crook of Steve’s neck. He felt a gentle hand come up between his wings and soothingly stroke. “Shh baby, it’s alright. You’re safe, sweetheart. Get it all out. I’m here for you, love.” Steve continued to softly murmur sweet nothings in his ear, the pesky salt water droplets from his eyes falling faster as Tony took in ragged breaths.
In record time, his coffee was ready. Today it was delivered in a gallon sized black Hydro Flask that Tony cradled like a baby as he made his way back to his seat. He had no idea where the various jugs and bottles they gave him came from, but he always made sure to clean and return them. He figured that just this once in his life he was content to not know the answer, as long as the godly nectar that was their coffee kept on coming.
“We’re here boss,” Happy informed him.
Tony couldn’t bring himself to vocally answer, so he just nodded against Steve and hoped he was understood.
An unknown amount of time and an inordinate amount of coffee chugged later, AC/DC was muted and instead JARVIS’ voice quietly filled the workshop. “Sir, if I may be so bold as to suggest a break, you have been working non-stop for four and a half hours now and your vitals suggest that eating dinner would be a good idea.”
From then on, time became meaningless. Who even was she? All Tony knew were blueprints of transparent, less obstructive solar panels that both businesses and average consumers could buy, business emails that oh so politely told him to hurry the fuck up on various other projects, schematics, and the occasional 3-D rendering. All of this, of course, serenaded by the wonderful sound of Tony’s playlist of AC/DC’s best hits.
Speaking of which, Tony promptly unscrewed the lid and chugged a few mouthfuls of coffee, relishing the burn of the hot liquid. Immediately, he began to feel more awake, his senses buzzing, even his wingtips were tingling. After safely recapping the bottle, he began to survey the people around him. His gaze caught on what looked like a sandy colored haired man and a caramel colored haired woman in their late 20s sharing a first date. He was too far away to hear what they were saying, but they both kept smiling, tipping their heads back in laughter, and their wings looked relaxed too, twitching every so often in amusement so Tony figured it was going well. He was envious, not of either of them specifically—although, they were both stunning and could probably make a fortune in the modeling industry. The man’s hair appeared golden in the sunlight, and his russet colored wings were sleek and well-groomed. The woman had soft looking dove grey wings and wispy hair that she kept tucking behind her ear. But no, Tony wasn’t jealous, in fact, he thought they were lucky to have found one another. He simply longed to experience the connection that relationships brought first-hand.
“Tony I swear to God if you don’t answer me in 10 seconds...”
The sight of Steve in fuzzy polka dot socks, soft navy sweatpants, a plain blue-grey t-shirt with a “Kiss the Chef” apron on top, and a happy smile as he cheerfully danced around the kitchen with Sirius at his feet should’ve been illegal. He had his earbuds in, and he and Sirius were completely oblivious to Tony’s presence. Despite himself and what had happened, Tony found himself smiling, he was glad that at least one of them had a good day and were in a good mood. He leaned against the doorframe, basking in the presence of his own personal sunshine, and jumping slightly when he felt a small presence bump up against him. Tony chuckled, “You ruined my basking, bud, but that’s ok because you are just the most adorable little puppy wuppy, yes you are. You’re such a good boy.” Tony cooed and rubbed at Sirius’ sable fur, grinning in response to Sirius’ own corgi smile.
“You. Had.
As Steve went off and did that, Tony hastily shucked off his layers until he was only wearing his black, silken boxer briefs. He scowled down at the scarring on his chest, quickly flopping over onto his stomach to conceal it. He knew it was illogical, since there was scarring on his back too that looked just as deformed as the scarring on his chest, and Steve had seen the scars many times and was always quick to be loving and kind about them. Steve liked to insist in that unbelievably earnest way of his that they were just marks to show how strong Tony was, and how much he had overcome. Tony liked to agree to disagree with him on that. He couldn’t help but feel self-conscious, especially compared to Steve’s glowing skin and unblemished body.
He had just gotten it queued up when Steve flew in and plopped down beside him, causing Sirius to migrate over so he was laying across both of his dad’s laps. Steve placed a kiss on the top of his head before curling a comforting arm and a downy white wing around Tony as JARVIS dimmed the lights.
The last thing he heard before he drifted off was a soft, “I love you most.”
“Say no more, Mr. Stark,” the barista replied with a smile. He quickly took Tony’s proffered credit card, swiped it, and gave it back to him with a kind smile, saying, “Have a great day.” He looked to be new at the job because Tony didn’t recognize him, but he seemed to know what he was doing. Tony figured that a fellow employee must have given him the rundown on Tony as he was a regular at the cafe, and they all knew to give him the strongest coffee they had on hand in the largest portable container they had. In return, Tony gave extremely generous tips so really it was a win-win.
Tony blew out a breath as he internally berated himself for not celebrating his victory a little quieter. “No, I don’t think so. In fact, I think you and the other lovely gentlemen here are doing a stellar job of running this meeting all by your big boy selves.”
You would think that being 28, bisexual, and one of the world’s most sought-after bachelors would help his case, but it didn’t. From the time he turned 18 until he had been kidnapped in Afghanistan two years ago, he had squandered his time and money, drinking, partying, and having more one-night stands than he cared to admit. That had only been exasperated when his parents had passed away in the December after he had turned 21. And, well, karma really was a bitch, because now Tony couldn’t find a relationship even if he wanted to, or at least it seemed that way. He couldn’t sleep through the night without waking up drenched in a cold sweat from nightmares, was hyper-sensitive about the scarring on his chest, and of course his past playboy reputation didn’t do him any favors either. That really didn’t sound like a winning combination, even to his emotionally constipated ears.
Tony reluctantly pulled away, immediately mourning the loss of warmth and connection. “So what’s all this about? I didn’t miss an important date, did I?” Tony fought to keep his tone as neutral as possible as he not-so-subtly wiped at his eyes with his sleeve. His eyes were really sensitive to smoke, ok?
They reached the Tower door, and Tony turned to face The Angel. “Thanks again for doing this. I’m sad to see you go, I don’t even know your name for fuck’s sake, but this is probably for the best even if you’re one of the kindest bestest people I’ve ever met, and—”
“Aye aye captain” Tony cheekily replied once he’d recovered, as he flew backwards into the living room, giving Steve a wink and a salute. After situating himself into a suitable comfy position with Sirius laying on his lap, he turned his attention to what movie he wanted. He settled on the movie
Eventually, Tony’s industrial vacuum level of inhalation slowed to a more reasonable human pace, as he stifled moaning after taking a bite of the garlic bread. How was a pasty Irish boy better at making Italian food than some Italian restaurants? Tony shrugged to himself, must just be the magic of Steve. Steve, noticing this internal conversation, shot him a confused look over the glasses of wine, but Tony just smiled and waved it off. “So, now that I have regained my powers of speech, how was your day? Did the kids like Sirius? Did he have fun meeting them?”
Sighing, he pointedly ignored the other men in the room who were all staring, waiting for him as he grabbed his promised breakfast, and more importantly the large thermos containing coffee from his favorite coffee shop, and prepared to settle in for the long haul. The meeting was scheduled to run from noon until 3 PM but Tony had a sneaking suspicion that it might go over.
Steve gently set Tony down in the center of their nest, smiling as Tony made grabby hands at him to join him. “In a minute baby. I gotta grab the oil first. You just focus on rolling onto your stomach and getting comfortable, ok? Try to relax for me.” He dropped a small kiss on his forehead before swiftly gathering the necessary materials.
“Ohmygoshohmygoshohmygosh you’re not moving your eyes are closed what are you doing please wake up God please wake up I need you to WAKE UP DAMNIT!”
Exactly ten seconds later, his blankets and pillow were cruelly torn from him, leaving him in just a pair of boxers. His jet black wings instinctively curled around him to preserve warmth, and he blindly made grabby hands for his stolen possessions.
, he would never get tired of hearing that.
“J, what are we looking at for our fashion statement today?” Tony asked as he made his way over to the closet. It was early December in New York, which meant that layers were going to be key to surviving the day without getting frostbite or hypothermia. JARVIS silently highlighted a few options within Tony's stupidly large closet, letting Tony pick and choose before he gave any advice.
However, he was unfortunately still lucid enough to realize that if he did that, it would be a disaster waiting to happen, and he didn’t want Pepper to murder him alive. He had known that even after Pepper became CEO that it wouldn’t be easy, but he had also never thought that his gravestone would read “Tony Stark. Killed by business meetings.” He sighed, already loathing the idea of going to bed alone. He had used to scoff at how people said that having an empty nest was the worst, but now he realized that they had been right all along and he had just been too on his high horse to realize it. He longed for the intimacy of going home and sharing a meal with a partner, talking about their days, cuddling, kissing, experiencing firsts together, making memories, knowing that someone had his back and always would, having someone groom his wings and care for his wellbeing. The mushy tenderness of it all that would have made past-Tony puke, but now just made him sad and his feeling of loneliness that much more prevalent.
Shaking his head, Tony flew back to the Tower, and after changing into a pair of comfy black jeans and a ratty red NYC t-shirt, he immediately went down to the lab. He smiled as U, Butterfingers, and Dum-E came up to greet him, and he waved at them as he began to get everything set up. Cracking his knuckles, after firing up the blueprints he wanted to work on first, he rubbed his hands together and announced, “It’s show time!”
When he had finally blinked his eyes open, he was greeted with a sight that would even strike fear into the gods. Pepper’s green eyes were blazing, a vein in her temple was subtly pulsing, her bronze and copper colored wings were puffed up and angrily twitching, and Tony was 99.9% sure that this was where his story ended.
Tony looked back up to see a tender smile on Steve’s face, as he replied, “Of course Tony. Whatever you need.” Tony relaxed, and dinner passed in a haze of lighthearted talk and banter. Steve filled Tony in on what his best friend, Bucky, and Bucky’s boyfriend, Sam, had told him earlier. The two had officially finished moving into their apartment in Boston after their time in the army finished, and Tony was looking forward to meeting them in person.
Dazed, Tony made his way to the penthouse and robotically got ready for bed. Once he was done and walking towards his beautiful bed, he found that he wasn’t loathing the idea of an empty nest so much anymore, and more surprising than that, he was actually looking forward to waking up the next day. He hadn’t felt like that in a long time. The last thought he had before drifting off to sleep was that maybe things were beginning to look up after all.
Thankfully, it seemed like the gentle reminder had done the trick, and he soon found himself walking beside The Angel, who was so close he could smell him. Of course he smelled like sunshine and lavender, Tony thought deliriously, growing more and more convinced that he was still passed out on the ground and this was all a fever dream.
Tony rolled his eyes in reply. “I think you need your memory checked, Pep. I’m a genius and most certainly would never have done such a thing—”
Tony blearily wiped the sleep out of his eyes, slowly processing the array of colors, patterns, and textures in front of him. He flap-hopped over to the undershirts first, selecting a worn, plain white comfort tee. It wasn’t like anyone would see it underneath the layers, anyway. After fitting his wings through, he then layered a soft, silky, white button-up on top and for the finishing touch, a cozy, hot rod red sweater with electric blue stripes that Pepper had given him for something a few years ago. He paired this top look with some plain but classy black jeans and a pair of classic, black, Vans sneakers. Overall, it was actually a pretty stunning look. The black complimented his inky black wings, the jeans were snug and accentuated his ass perfectly, the red helped showcase his warm-toned skin, and the blue helped add a fun bit of color. Pepper may even, dare he say, be proud of him when she saw him. She wasn’t going to be at the press conference or interviews with him, but he knew she would see it all soon after it was done. For the final touches, he grabbed a pair of dark tinted sunglasses and a classy, golden, Patek Philippe watch that let him know it was time to get a move on, lest he be late.
Pep! And we’re not even at the halfway point! I mean, just think about it! It makes perfect sense! Especially since these men are also the ones whose jobs make you spell the unintuitive, frankly asinine word ‘business’ on the reg which is a whole other issue—”
Tony sighed. “I’ll get right to it J.” Letting out a low groan, Tony flipped over onto his stomach, trying to stretch out his wings as he internally berated himself for forgetting about the long day he had in front of him. It wasn’t
Damn.
Well. This was a turn of events. “I mean… you do know who I am and that I live literally a few buildings down, right? In that big, ugly building that no one else seems to like the design of? If it’ll really make you feel better, I won’t stop you, but I don’t want you to go out of your way unnecessarily…” Tony trailed off awkwardly.
Just as JARVIS began yet another reminder, Tony hustled out the door and reached the board meeting room in record time, with approximately 2 minutes on the Pepper timer left. She was already sitting down by the time he got there, but he knew she was going to leave after opening remarks, since she had other meetings and CEO bullshit to attend to. And at least she knew he arrived “on time” which was the important part.
The Angel adopted a confused look on his face. “Why would I know who you—” His eyes widened exponentially as he yelled, “OH SHIT!” The Angel immediately blushed after his exclamation and rubbed the back of his neck, “Uh… excuse my language. I just, wow I never thought I’d meet you, Mr. Stark. This is all just… wow.” A pause, and then, “Am I going to get arrested? Not that that’s a huge issue, I’ve been arrested before and I could probably get out of it, but I’d still really rather not. It’s a bit of a hassle, and you know what? I’ll shut up now.”
The mouth-watering smells of homemade Italian food assaulted his nose, and Tony’s stomach immediately took notice, the starving-creature noises that were emanating from it effectively drowning out all other sounds. His wings acted on their own accord, flying him to the kitchen before he had even registered that he was moving.
“Do you want to move to the bedroom? I wanted to groom your beautiful wings tonight anyways, since it’s been about a week, but we can stay here if you want to.”
Pepper laughed. “As long as we’re on the same page. Speaking of pages, how did the meeting go?” Tony couldn’t suppress the pained groan he let out in response. Just the thought of the meeting had his head thunking against the table, his wings spreading up and forward in an effort to cover him. “That bad, huh?”
He sat up from where he had toppled and crawled into Steve’s lap, cupping his face in his hands and kissing him softly. One of Steve’s hands wound into his hair, the other cupping his ass as he pulled Tony closer, deepening their kiss and licking into his mouth as if he was a man dying of thirst and Tony was an oasis. Tony eventually pulled away, exhaling softly against Steve’s lips, and let the last bits of tension from the day roll off his wingtips. He slumped against Steve, allowing himself a rare moment to be vulnerable and cycle through his emotions.
!” Pepper yelled on cue, almost as if it was scripted. Just like that, all sense of tranquility was shattered, and in retaliation, Tony shuffled his blanket lump, or what he called his "artful cocoon,” further away from the source of the sound. So what if he didn’t want to waste his life away at a board meeting where nothing would be accomplished except a bunch of middle-aged white men posturing and measuring their proverbial dicks against one another? Was that such a crime?
Instead of answering Steve’s question with words, Tony pressed his lips to Steve's, hoping that somehow he could convey the unending depth of love he felt for him through their kiss. Their mouths moved in familiar harmony, and Tony moaned into Steve’s mouth, chasing the warmth and love that radiated off of Steve, that Steve gave him willingly and unfailingly each and every time they kissed.
As if summoned by Tony’s negative thoughts, which might honestly not be so far from the truth, Steve flew back into the room bringing with him warm washcloths, grooming oil, massage oil, and Sirius who was quick to lie down on his nearby dog bed. Tony looked over appreciatively at his boyfriend through half lidded eyes, as he set everything up. “What’s the massage oil for, big guy?”
“Sure thing,” Steve replied with a relieved grin. They stood there awkwardly for a moment longer, before Steve shifted his feet and said, “I should probably let you go now, huh? Goodnight Tony.” With that, he gave a cheeky two-finger salute and walked out the glass sliding doors.
Tony sheepishly looked away, not bothering to deny it. “I can’t help it, Pep. Watching paint dry would be more engaging. Besides, at least I was there at all. I was debating just yeeting myself—”
“Pepper light of my life, sister from another mister, ho from another bro—”
Normally, Tony would call Happy to drive him, instead of flying down the street to a coffee shop. It wasn’t too far away though, and the morning rush hour had passed, so Tony figured it would be fine to stretch his wings. He even grabbed a baseball cap and a pair of tinted sunglasses.If Happy found out, he would probably have some type of seizure, but for now, what he didn’t know wouldn’t hurt him.
Tony could tell that Happy was worried, his glossy, umber colored wings twitching concernedly, and he kept shooting glances at Tony every other minute. Tony wanted to talk to him, to reassure Happy that he was fine and dandy, but he just couldn’t. He was exhausted, and when he tried to speak, no words would come out. So he just kept his mouth shut, closed his eyes, and focused on his breathing until Happy told him that they had arrived. He knew he should check his phone—he hadn’t had a chance to do so all day and it would be 7:30 PM by the time he would get back to the Tower–and he knew Steve would be worried, but Tony couldn’t bring himself to do that either. He sighed, resigned to whatever valid reaction his boyfriend would give upon seeing him after a whole day of radio silence.
Tony groaned as he flopped onto his stomach, rubbing the last vestiges of sleep from his eyes. He knew if he really wanted to, he could get out of the board meeting, explain to Pepper that he hadn’t been sleeping well and use the other crap he’d been dealing with as an excuse, but that wouldn’t be fair to her. They had been best friends since they had met at MIT, and her taking on the CEO position had been a win-win for both of them. Tony now only has to go to four quarterly meetings a year and had an exponentially greater amount of time and freedom to spend doing what he loved: engineering, tinkering, and creating. Meanwhile, Pepper fulfilled her dream of becoming a female CEO of a Fortune 500 company. Not to mention how Tony was pretty sure he would be dead by now without her. Well, her and Rhodey, but his favorite honeybear was a member of the Air Force and out of the country right now.
They stood there for an indefinite amount of time, Tony cocooned in Steve’s arms and wings, feeling safe and
in and of itself that must be immediately rectified. Spill, Rogers.” Tony waggled a finger at him threateningly as Steve had the audacity to keep chuckling in front of him.
Tony sluggishly raised a hand to haphazardly point in the direction of the bedroom, sighing in relief as he felt Steve stand up with Tony still wrapped up in his embrace and smoothly fly them both over to their nest.
“Thanks J,” Tony said as he groaned into the sheets before stretching, flapping his wings a few times to work out any kinks, and then finally getting out of bed. After brushing his teeth and combing his hair, he flew over to where Pepper had dumped the clothes. As he always seemed to do since Afghanistan, he paused and looked in the mirror, his eyes hovering over the severe scarring on his chest. It was disgusting, grotesque, a mess of raised bumps and ridges and dark lines, Tony shuddered, pushing away the pervasive memories. He forced himself to instead focus on what Pepper had picked out for him, to her credit, she had an impeccable sense of style and he quickly changed. He was careful to make sure that he positioned his wings correctly through the slits of the chosen white undershirt and black Tom Ford suit jacket. Once that was done, he put on the matching suit pants, plain white socks, and a red tie with small white dots. He gazed in the mirror at the finished product, it highlighted all his best features, particularly his black wings which looked healthy and vibrant, especially during the day when the red undertone and occasional golden streak seemed to create a subtle “glow” effect. Oh, and of course his ass too. Couldn't forget that.
Tony groaned
Tony blinked, dumbfounded. “But… why would you… what did I do to—” He was cut off by a soft sigh.
he could keep his eyes open goddamnit, but then Steve began humming a soft, Gaelic lullaby, and he knew he was done for.
After some amount of time passed, Steve gently nudged Tony. “You feeling better?”
After ensuring that his precious Hydro Flask was carefully secured in his grasp, he left the cafe, making sure to wave goodbye to the employees on the way out. He didn’t waste any time, lest he trigger Pepper’s wrath, and grudgingly flew back to the Seventh Ring of Hell. As he arrived, he was once again faced with the amazingly welcoming glares of the board members, who Tony was convinced had all somehow conspired to arrive before he did to be as intimidating as possible. It didn’t work, of course, because Tony was above that type of behavior, but it still took a moment of readjusting. Once they realized that their group intimidation efforts had failed, though, the board members quickly settled into their places and picked up from where they left off. Where that was, Tony wasn’t quite sure, but then again he couldn’t be paid to care at this point so he settled into his chair, unlocked his phone, and decided to massacre anyone who decided to challenge him at Trivia Crack. He would start with Rhodey and then see where the Trivia Crack powers that be took him.
Mr. Smith scoffed, rolled his eyes, and turned away, clearly deciding that it wasn’t worth the effort to engage. Tony didn’t want to admit it, but that did sting a little. Not because Tony gave a rat’s ass about what Smith thought, but because whenever this type of situation happened he couldn’t help but wonder how much better his dear ol’ dad would have handled it. And that sucked in and of itself because the
To anyone else, Steve may have sounded accusatory, but Tony knew Steve wasn’t accusing him of anything, he was just genuinely concerned. Most of his questions were also purposefully rhetorical, since Steve knew that that was the best way to get Tony to open up and they both already knew he hadn’t had a good day.
After a few minutes, Tony’s breath slowed and his eyes stopped producing liquid that would annoyingly spill over and run down his face and be a nuisance. He groaned, he was exhausted, but that wasn’t surprising considering he was always drained after he let out some of his extremely bottled up emotions. He sighed softly, nuzzling into Steve’s chest.
That jump started The Angel into action as he quickly stammered, “Yes, of course, I’m so sorry, what am I thinking, here let me—” he quickly scooped Tony up effortlessly and helped him sit down gingerly on a conveniently located bench. “I’m so sorry. I didn’t mean to make you hit the sign. I swear, I just was distracted by you, and then I saw the sign, and—” Tony held up a finger to The Angel’s mouth, or what he had guestimated to be his mouth, in the universal “shh” signal. The Angel then promptly clammed up, and they sat there in silence together.
sexily in his attempt to reply, moaning in pain as he tried to form and articulate a coherent thought.
“Ok, ok,” Tony consented, grumbling into the lip of his borrowed Hydro Flask. “I get it, alright?”
Steve gave one last peck on his lips, as they settled into a comforting silence, with only their breaths and Sirius’ to be heard.
Pepper rolled her eyes. “Please don’t finish that sentence, and for God’s sake, never use any form of the word ‘yeet’ ever again. I don’t think the world could handle it.” Tony knew she was mostly joking, though, since she was smiling her patented “Pepper is somewhat amused but doesn’t want to enable Tony any more than she already does” smile, as she said it. The moment stretched on until Pepper glanced at her watch, and Tony already knew what she was going to say.
It was crazy, how time flew, Tony mused to himself as he basked in the Friday morning light. He and Steve had been together for almost eight months, since their chance meeting on April 21st. It was undoubtedly the best almost eight months of Tony’s life, and he wouldn’t trade it for the world. If the world wanted a piece of it so badly, it could try and pry it from his cold, dead hands, and even then, there were no guarantees.
minutes and I came back to you screaming, wielding the fire extinguisher as you tried to put out the fire that had started in the oven.”
Steve snorted. “For a genius you sure can be quite stupid. The reason is in the name, doll.”
But Tony would immediately give up anything for the chance at what he had now. Heck, he looked forward to going to sleep, which was something he never thought he would say. Knowing that Steve would be there to
In fact, “Did it hurt when you fell from heaven?” Tony slurred
Tony glared in betrayal. “My own creation, my own metaphorical flesh and blood—THIS IS TREASON!!!” Tony bellowed, shaking his fist like someone out of Shakespeare’s plays. He had half a mind to tell his
“It’s ok, Steve, you can’t be with me every waking hour of every day. It’s enough that you even love me to begin with,” Tony replied, smiling despite himself as he saw Steve’s outrage at Tony’s self-deprecating comment.
Seconds later, Steve appeared, apronless, carefully balancing two plates that held heaping portions of homemade carbonara, a side caesar salad, and some garlic bread on their shining surfaces. Tony was pretty sure he was drooling onto the tablecloth at this point, but was too hungry to care. He had to sit on his hands to restrain himself from inhaling it all on sight, wanting to at least try to savor Steve’s lovingly cooked meal. Tony had a feeling that his cacophonous stomach was giving him away, though, since Steve was especially quick to pour a glass of red wine for Tony before pouring himself some and then
“Thank you so much for your time, Mr. Stark,” the interviewer said kindly as she reached out a hand to shake. All of a sudden, the world snapped back into place, and on autopilot he just smiled his “press smile” and nodded, shaking his numb hand once before booking it out of there.
Eventually, once Tony’s head didn’t feel as if it would stage a mutiny against him, he, very carefully, tried to stand up. Miraculously, his legs held. He didn’t push his luck and try to fly, since even in his fuzzy brain he knew that wouldn’t be a good idea, but he was only a couple buildings away from the Tower, so hopefully he could manage to walk. He turned to his rescuer, the most beautiful person he had ever met, already grieving over how he had completely and utterly squandered his likely one and only instance of having luck in meeting someone he could see himself having a relationship with. Sighing, he convinced himself that he was fully prepared to tell The Angel thank you and that he could manage from here. Fake it til you make it, right? He would try to save whatever was left of his dignity and they would go their separate ways and would probably never see each other again.
Tony smiled weakly against Steve’s chest. Taking a few deep breaths before leaning back so he could look Steve in the eye. “As much as I love your knight in shining armor complex, no, no one needs a stern talking to or your mean right hook to the face.” He paused, and sighed deeply. “No, I should’ve seen it coming but everything had been going so well and I got complacent so I was blindsided when…” Tony paused to collect himself. “When the last interviewer brought up the death anniversary that’s in a few weeks.” His voice was shaking and his lip was wobbling, but thankfully Steve knew what he was talking about. Tony had confided in him a few months into their relationship about what Tony’s family life (or lack thereof) was like and each time Tony was forced to remember it and brought it up to Steve, he could sense the devastation and anger, not at Tony, never at Tony, but at the world, that lurked beneath his Angel’s comforting words and gentle kisses.
Tony suddenly found himself on the ground without the faintest idea or recollection of how he had gotten there. All he knew was that the world was spinning and his head hurt like a bitch. He tried rapidly blinking his eyes to see if that would help, but all he saw was a white and red sign that vaguely reminded him of a no stopping anytime sign and—
“Hey now, do you want a stern talking-to? Because no one says that about my fella and gets away with it.” Despite the worry that lingered in his eyes, Steve was still playfully smiling as he spoke, clearly hoping to cheer Tony up.
Job.” Pepper shook her head in exasperation and chucked a pile of clothes at Tony’s head. “Put these on and be at the meeting in 15 minutes or so help me God you will not live to see another day.” She was almost out the door when she abruptly turned around, smiled wickedly, and in a saccharine voice said, “Oh and don’t worry about making coffee before you get there. I’ve kindly informed JARVIS that you’ll be having your morning coffee at the meeting. See you later.” Before he could protest, she was out the door, leaving Tony to get changed.
Tony didn’t want to miss a second of this life-changing experience, but Steve was still working on grooming Tony’s left wing with the right one still to go, and Tony’s eyes were becoming heavier and heavier. Somehow, maybe because of the not-so-subtle yawns, or maybe because he was magic, or perhaps some combination of both, Steve picked up on this. “It’s ok sweetheart. Sleep. I’ll be here when you wake up, and every day after, for as long as I live,” he murmured as he bent down and kissed the nape of Tony’s neck. Tony wanted to protest, he wasn’t
sitting down. Tony cut Steve off from whatever toast he might’ve given as Tony managed to rush out a “Thank you so much this looks heavenly I love you please excuse me while I inhale this all” before unrepentantly diving fork-first into his plate.
fault that he had been so… distracted… by Steve last night that he had forgotten! Or, at least that was how he was going to justify it to himself, even though he knew Pepper wouldn’t buy it for a second. He took an extra minute to roll his eyes and huff and puff a bit more before finally dragging himself out of the tantalizing mixture of blankets, pillows, and their combined essences that was their nest. Tony grinned to himself,
Tony tried to reply, “You think I’m beautiful? I’m surprised I can even look at you, you're so blinding… I can’t believe how lucky I am,” but he didn’t think that it came through very well as he slurred something unintelligible back to him. The sentiment was there, though, and that was what mattered, as the two lapsed back into a soothing silence.
“Tony, for your sake please stop there. And don’t think for one
Earlier on in their relationship, Steve’s job had presented a potential point of friction between them, since Steve had been scared that Tony might not want him to keep his job as a freelance artist and an art professor at NYU. He was only 30 years old, which he joked was much too young to be retired. Thankfully, it had ended up not being much of an issue at all, Tony was all too happy to have Steve keep his job, as long as he allowed Happy to escort him, since Tony usually worked long and odd hours anyway.
Son of a bitch. He had really just given himself a concussion by flying and whipping his head directly into a damn street sign because he had been so thirsty that he just couldn’t have looked away from BBB who now probably thought he was a complete idiot. Taking a few deep breaths, he began to register vague yelling, but it was as if he was hearing it through a tunnel. Or, like, an ocean trench. Actually scratch that one, Tony had had enough of his head being submerged in water to last a lifetime. He decided to focus on the sound, closing his eyes again until he could make out words.
Somehow, Steve wasn’t buying it, though, his eyebrows furrowing into his patented Worried Mother Hen look, but as he went to open his mouth to say something, Tony glared and shook his dead, daring Steve to rebuke him. It was a tense moment as their wills battled it out against each other, but Steve eventually sighed and grudgingly conceded. “Don’t think we aren’t revisiting this after dinner. And to answer your question, I got back a little earlier than expected and thought I’d make you a treat. I know carbonara is your favorite and it’s also what you ate before meeting me so I figured I would show my thanks and try my hand at it. JARVIS helped too.”
for the first time since he had woken up. If he didn’t know better, he would even have said that his eyes were getting a little misty—but he knew that wasn’t true since Stark men were made of iron. It was probably just some of the smoke from the stove getting to him. Yeah, that was it.
“You know me so well Pep.” Tony laughed. He quickly sobered up, though, as he mentally reviewed his day. This meeting was looking like it was going to stretch until probably 6:30 PM and, assuming it ended then, he'd have at most a half hour break and then it was off to bang out some deadline work. His body ached all the way to his wingtips just thinking about it. He allowed himself one more self-pitying table head thunk before getting out of his seat and gathering his things to leave.
At that moment, Beautiful Buff Blondie glanced up at him and they locked eyes. He had to force his wings to keep flying slowly forward, instead of towards the handsome stranger. Their gazes remained locked until he finally managed to drag his eyes away from the captivating blue eyes to the radiant smile BBB (as Tony had abbreviated it to in his head) was giving him. The smile didn’t last as long as Tony would’ve wanted though, before BBB’s eyes darted to look at something just behind Tony, his face quickly becoming alarmed. Tony whipped his head around to look at what had caught BBB’s attention and—
“Spread your wings out for me?” Steve murmured quietly, and Tony sluggishly complied. “You’re so beautiful Tony… I’m going to paint you like this later, all blissed out and happy like you should always be.”
Tony opened and closed his mouth a few times in shock as Steve smiled fondly at him and went back to finishing cooking the meal. The timer on the microwave going off was what finally snapped him out of it, and he found himself sitting at their kitchen table that had a plain white tablecloth and flowers placed carefully on top. He grinned down at Sirius who was putting his puppy eyes to good use, knowing that food was on its way. Tony laughed softly, patting the forlorn pup’s head, knowing that Steve had already fed him dinner by now.
Distantly, he heard Pepper counting in the background and he knew he should answer, he really did, but his mouth refused to cooperate. He knew that Pepper meant business. It was why, after continuing to be CEO of Stark Industries for a year following his return from Afghanistan, he had made her CEO after all. But he had also gone to bed barely four hours ago and, if he were a weaker man and
Tony blinked owlishly, trying to compute everything that The Angel had just spewed at him. Once he felt like he had some sort of grasp on what had just transpired he chuckled and replied, “No, you won’t be arrested. Although, I wish I could hear that story sometime. And yes, it is me, the Great Most Likely Concussed Tony Stark. Please just call me Tony, though, because firstly you’ve already seen me fall on my ass after flying into a street sign, and secondly Mr. Stark was my father and I strive to disassociate myself from him as much as humanly possible.
She scoffed, rolling her eyes before replying, “I think we both know that that’s not entirely true, Tony. For instance, I seem to recall a time when I left you to take out the pizza from the oven for
After losing an additional two hours and thirty-six minutes of his life to The Meeting for a grand total of five and a half hours, at 6:36 PM he was finally free from one ring of Hell only to rush off to finish up deadlines. He hated that word: “deadline.” Like, what line was there? Where was it? And why was it dead? Who even made up the word?
“That’s it sweetheart… you wanna tell me what’s been bothering my fella? Do I need to go have a stern talking-to with someone?”
tired.
And so the real fun commenced, Tony got the pleasure of listening to “budget this” and “can we really afford to do that” and on one memorable occasion “HAVE YOU LOST YOUR FUCKING HEAD, WINSTON?” He let all of these comments roll off his wingtips, though, instead focusing on the word search he was not so subtly working on under the table.
sleep with and help keep his nightmares at bay was everything to Tony, and he would never take it for granted. His sleep wasn’t the only thing that was improving since dating Steve, his wings were also noticeably much better taken care of, as once they moved in together they had begun to groom one another’s wings. Grooming was another intimate act that you did yourself until you found a serious partner that you would groom, and who in return would groom you. Unfortunately, it seemed that they could only coordinate one of the two—falling asleep together or waking up together—at a time, but they were trying to work on that.
“Mr. Stark, the eighth anniversary of your parents' deaths is in a few weeks, how do you feel about that? How are you planning to commemorate it?”
Let it be known that running on only coffee and sleep deprivation was not a winning combination, Tony thought sluggishly to himself as he made his way back to the Tower. He was exhausted, his wings blending into the shadows and dark lighting, doing the bare minimum to keep him afloat as they drooped behind him. At almost midnight, after an exhausting day of meetings and deadline crap, every cell in Tony’s body was screaming to just collapse and take a power nap on the sidewalk. Just for a short while, so he would have enough energy to make it the last quarter mile.
By the time Tony entered the shop, he was practically salivating. The shop smelled heavenly, the perfect scent of freshly brewed coffee and pastries tempting him to go in and never leave. He quickly staked out his favorite window seat and then went up to order.
Tony blinked, trying to think about if it had ever come up again after that first hasty mention during their first meeting when he had been concussed. “No… I don’t think you did and that is a
Tony sighed and averted his eyes, shoulders and wings slumping, “I’ll tell you, I promise, but can we finish dinner first? And maybe watch a movie or something before going into it? I kind of just want to…” He trailed off, not actually knowing what he wanted, but thankfully Steve somehow did.
“Yeah, sorry, it’s not the movie I promise it’s just—” he broke off to laugh some more. “Did I ever end up telling you the story of how I was arrested?”
Once the two were done with dinner, Tony got up to do the dishes but was immediately turned back around so he now faced in the direction of the living room. “Don’t worry about it, doll. I’ll clean up here and then come join you on the sofa.” Tony full-body shivered as Steve placed a light kiss on the sensitive crook of Tony’s neck before smacking his ass to get him moving towards the sofa.
Shaking off that train of thought, Tony tried to console his tired brain with the fact that he was only a block and a half away from his destination and if he really needed to, he could wrap blankets around himself and knock himself out with a few sleeping pills. As he reached the block the Tower was on, he saw a man on the other side of the street, who was drop dead gorgeous. Maybe God
Within the half hour that it took to do opening remarks and complete the obligatory show and tell (AKA dick measuring contest) between the other board members, Tony’s life-model decoy blueprints were already sketched out on his StarkPad. Within another hour, Tony was out of breath and patience and he just couldn’t bring himself to once again repeat to these dimwitted, close minded, pieces of shit why his most recent developments for implementing clean energy and minimizing their carbon footprint were both necessary and important. He had known coming into the meeting that it would make no difference what he said, that they would all just come to their own conclusions, but Tony still had to try. This mission was important, his own personal redemption. Giving up on it wasn’t an option. However, Tony also knew that he needed to pick his battles, so he settled back in, rolled his eyes, and resisted the growing urge to try his luck with jumping out a window.
His phone display was still in dark mode from the night before, so, in a fun twist of events, he was scouring the black background looking for the four coveted white letters that would spell the word “anam,” meaning soulmate in gaelic. Tony didn’t like to brag, but he had upgraded his word search game to words in foreign languages or names of uncommon plants for added challenge. A good two minutes later, he finally let out an, “aha!” after finding the word, prompting Mr. Smith, one of the board members, to glance over. “Do you have something you want to share with the class Mr. Stark?”
“She’s so tiny,” he mumbles, and he doesn’t expect his voice to catch, doesn’t expect it to come out so choked.
Tony doesn’t have to ask to know that the Soldier is asking about help for the gap in his memories, his killing instincts, and his fixation on Steve.
Steve just doesn’t
“He hurt me,” Tony admits, and Bucky clutches him closer.
“Too right it was,” Tony crows. He flies down to the glass covering and pries it from the metal shell of the robot, freeing the girl inside. His faceplate goes up, and he looks over to the police, who have caught up with them, clearly at a loss for what to do.
“Steve, what?” Bucky feels as though someone’s thrown him into a lake without teaching him how to swim. “What the hell is wrong with you?”
Instead, he sets himself up in his workshop, dragging over a stack of things Pepper needs him to sign before Friday. It’s Tuesday. Might as well get started early, right?
“Tony hasn’t forgiven me, and he probably won’t ever; I’d deserve that.” Steve looks sad as he says that last bit and Bucky’s heart turns over, thumps.
Looking at the arm on the floor, just lying there, clean and silver on the grimy car bottom, Bucky’s eyes start to drift to the window in the divider, and the opaque one across from him, and he has an idea…
Bucky just smiles and shakes his head. “Is that a blush I see?” he asks mockingly, just the right amount of seduction thrown in. Like he predicted, Tony immediately flushes, and Bucky silently congratulates himself on the successful mission.
He’s just so alone and
“But you don’t want it to be,” Rhodey presses, boring holes into his best friend with the weight of his gaze.
He remembers the pit of his stomach dropping when he figured out Tony was pregnant before anyone else, because his mom was a nurse and he’d always been perceptive, remembers how he’d nearly broken down there and then, because
by a grey MIT sweatshirt.
STEVES BEHAVIOR IS EXPLAINED NEXT CHAPTER I JUST NEEDED YALL TO KNOW THIS
Steve disappears into the small kitchen and returns five minutes later with two warm mugs of hot water. The strings of tea bags are poking out the sides. Bucky stares at them, realizes he’s being rude and takes one.
She smiles a little and jumps to her conclusions, however. “Oh, sorry sorry,” she says in accented English, “do you need...?”
“It’s been a while,” Bucky admits huskily, looking up at the other man from between his eyelashes.
When the doctor lets him go he tries to go back to his room, wanting nothing more than to curl up and cry himself to sleep.
, Stevie,” he says, trying to describe the man. “He was so
Tony looks at her in surprise, along with the other three. “You paint?”
“Steve wanted to, and I couldn’t think of a reason why not to.”
Steve growls, actually growls. Tony wonders why he’s losing his composure so fast today; it usually takes much longer. He figures Steve’s just tired.
His heart’s racing faster than it ever has, beating a tattoo against his ribcage, and Steve wants nothing more than to release the sob building in his throat, but dammit, he’s stronger than that.
The question is: where the fuck does he find lemons. He doesn’t want to go to any grocery stores; the thought of walking through chilly air-conditioned aisles while people mill about and buy cereal and cold cuts makes a shiver of nervousness shoot through him.
“Bucky, Steve nearly killed himself two weeks ago, and we’re just going to bounce back like that? Resume relationships like nothing happened? One of which has been on pause for
“No. No more blasting. Just–”
And closed…
. With flavor, and… oh my god. Bucky. Lemons. I want lemon slices.
“If you’re sure.”
“No,” he says, finally. “I’m fine.”
“It wasn’t my place to confront you about anything,” he says quietly. “I’m sorry.”
“She is,” Tony whispers back, and he’s smiling softly at the picture, and all of the sudden Bucky’s heart starts pounding, with something akin to affection. It scares him a little, and he doesn’t know what to make the nervous energy rising within him into, doesn’t know whether he should bottle it up, do something about it, or try to forget it.
“Start what?” Bucky asks dumbly, his head suddenly flooded with memories of himself swallowing his screams as Sarah Rogers washed out his scraped knee with alcohol, shutting his eyes as tight as they could go when getting shots at the doctor’s, stifling his cries when he sprained his wrist falling down the stairs…
Bucky dives forward and kisses him roughly, making quick work of straddling him. Steve’s grunts as his hands fall automatically to the other man’s hips, but kisses back.
now?”
“So why isn’t he opening the door? J, I’m getting worried, is he alright?”
Tony actually is surprised; he expected him to say James or Barnes but masks it quickly before it can show on his face. “You got it,” he says lightly instead.
Of course. Steve. Tony slams down his mind on the train of thought that leads with hoping they enjoyed their swim and ends with him imagining all the ways they could “enjoy” the water. Fuck that, Tony’s too sober to be thinking
All the color drains from Steve’s face. “I can explain,” he gasps.
“Rub my feet?” Tony asks hopefully, and Bucky internally sighs because dammit, he knew it.
“Then drop it,” Steve says, and Bucky can tell he’s fragile. Something’s about to snap. Something’s
“I don’t want your excuses,” Bucky tells him softly, and his arm comes swinging down to hang limply by his side, the sketchbook held by two metal fingers loosely. He looks tired now, drawn and sad.
Steve shrugs. “I usually get too depressed to even finish once. Lose interest.”
Tony raises his eyebrows. “I’m afraid you’ll have to be more specific,” he says lightly.
Thor studies him, a grin breaking across his face. “I offer my congratulations, Man of Iron, but I cannot but help and wonder who the father is?”
There’s still scalding water pouring forth from showerheads in the walls, and Tony can feel the steam curl delicately against his skin, can feel the rising and falling of his own chest as he struggles for air that’s been knocked out of him, can feel the cold press of tiles against his back, and at the same time can’t feel a damn thing.
She returns soon with the food, and he scarfs it down like he’s never eaten anything before, just cramming it into his mouth as fast as possible. The woman brings a man to him from the back about halfway through his meal, chattering to him in spanish, and the man sits across from Bucky.
“J, switch the comms to just Cap.”
It’s why it’s only with a small pang of
By now Tony had disassembled the suit and was sitting on a bench in the corridor, wearing just a Queen shirt and beat-up jeans, feeling strangely vulnerable with just the other man for company and no suit to cover him up.
Wait but be a little nice, this is the beginning of his redemption
“I– Bucky? Are you doing alright?”
“You don’t… have the whole picture?” Tony protests weakly, and curses himself for phrasing it like a question.
He offers a hesitant smile and thanks her, getting in line. When he’s finally at the counter, the young woman working it looks up at him and smiles flirtatiously. “What can I do for you?” she asks, leaning over the counter a bit.
Oh. Well. He hadn’t noticed, too focused on the giant robot. He had a feeling saying that wouldn’t go over very well, however.
Bruce shakes his head. “I don’t want to take any chances. There’s only one on the jet and Clint, I’m sorry, but you have the most on you so you’re going first. We’ll try to get as many out of the way before we get back to the tower, but everybody who hasn’t showered by then will have to go together in the big one at the tower; we don’t have time to rig another shower.
He answers the best he can,
“Tony,” Bucky murmurs, and gently combs his fingers through the other man’s hair. “You know I love you, right? You know I’m right here.”
One thing he refuses to think about is the remorse that runs through him when he thinks about ripping that page from the sketchbook up. He feels extremely guilty, and he’s nearly drowning in it. He knows it’s something he’ll have to apologize for, but admitting that he was
“I needed a hobby,” he mutters to Marire, and the maid clucks her tongue, shifting her linens back to both arms.
Hmm. Maybe not.
Steve doesn’t answer.
Bucky frowns. “Is that still bothering you?”
It was freeing to have something for himself, something he could do. Steve found that one thing he enjoyed especially was stuffing some sketchbooks into a bag slung over his shoulder and then going for a walk with them.
Bucky doesn’t say anything, instead, and lets Steve slowly push himself off the wall and have a look around, his cornflower blue eyes taking in every detail hungrily. It’s like he forgets Bucky is there when he trails his fingers through the strings holding the tiny planets over the crib, or runs a hand gently over the flowers choking the walls.
“Are you alright?” Natasha asks, sounding worried.
Now wait a minute, Bucky
So he clicks on the row to open his messages with Dr Matty, firing off a quick text, his thumbs racing across the screen.
“God, Stark, just do the damn thing!” Steve yells, fury taking over his features. “You’ll know why, I promise, just
Fuck. There’s shaking, and then, yes, he knows where he is. He’s in the kitchen, and there’s Tony Stark, clutching Bucky’s shoulders with worry in his eyes. They were looking for lemons, he remembers that too, and he was instructed to go out and get them.
He remembers so many more kisses happening after that: stolen pecks in alleyways, long and sleepy kisses in the mornings, friendly presses of lips when one entered a room the other was in. When Bucky left, Steve gave him one last kiss for good luck, then rode him like their walls weren’t paper thin and Bucky didn’t have to get up at the crack of dawn.
Steve shakes his head, his hair brushing Tony’s ears. “You didn’t see me the other day,” he whispers, and Tony frowns, his eyebrows creasing.
“I’d love to be your dame,” Tony says, clearly teasing him.
“No, no Steve, you’re hurting yourself!” he cries, and leaps over the table, trying to grab his arm and halt the motion. Steve’s fist is already bloody, bits of plaster stuck to the skin and in the cuts that are forming, but Steve keeps pushing it into the wall, again and again, fighting against Bucky’s attempts to halt him.
Steve’s looking at him again, eyes narrowed, almost as if he was searching for something. He doesn’t say anything, and Bucky grows confused and a little desperate. “Shit. Sorry, I didn’t mean to say that, I just thought you knew–”
“Surely it is not that bad,” Thor muses thoughtfully.
come up, then? You’ve been down here for over forty-eight hours, and Jarvis says you haven’t slept or eaten the entire time.”
Then it’s just skin against glorious skin, and Bucky can’t stop his metal hand from taking over so he can run his flesh hand over the planes of the other man’s back and pass feather light over his abs, grinning when he hears Steve curse as he squirms simultaneously towards and away the ticklish touch.
Curiosity winning over his need to be punctual, Bucky wanders over and picks it up, turning it in his hands. It’s some kind of notebook, the spine cracked and the cover well-worn.
Tony hisses when Bucky finally wraps his hand around his flesh, and Bucky lets go of him as if burnt, looking up at him with questioning and slightly alarmed eyes. “Alright?” he asks, almost uncertainly, already pulling away.
Steve raises an eyebrow. “Stay. We’ll be back soon.”
Fuck.
Tony watches him go, wondering why he just couldn’t seem to do anything right.
Steve grinds his teeth together and tries to turns away, but Bucky’s holding him fast.
love me.”
Though not explicitly ordered, Bruce had pulled Steve over to the side once, telling him that it would probably be a bad idea to talk to either Bucky or Tony without all three of them there. “Just clear the air all at once,” he’d said firmly, and Steve had nodded hesitantly, before conceding that he was probably right. Bucky and Tony had likely gotten the same message, given that neither had tried to approach him.
Bucky had leapt up and pressed his back against the wall, the farthest point from Steve. “C’mon, Stevie, I ain’t gonna do anythin’ to ya, you know that.”
“You don’t what? Miss him?”
Bucky follows through with his epic escape plan and Tony realizes that he and Steve need to at least try
He shifts his head slightly into a dip in the van wall and, thankfully, his head stops thumping, prompting him to sigh in relief, although the worst of the pain doesn’t go away. Honestly, Bucky couldn’t care less. He’s more concerned with where he is, and by extension, how long he’s been traveling. Despite the lethargy and pain, he realizes he’s actually quite famished, and his mouth feels as though someone’s dumped a bag of sand down his throat.
“This is not good,” Bruce mutters.
Tony goes to medical.
“Alright, well, if that’s all, I do actually have something to get done.”
He finds himself in the kitchen with a mug in his hand, staring blankly at the coffee machine. There are just so many… buttons. He’s just decided to press one at random and see what comes of it before there's a quiet voice behind him.
Rhodey opens his mouth, ready to fire back scathingly, but what Steve just said suddenly catches up with him, and Rhodey… Rhodey doesn’t know what the fuck to do with that.
“About what?”
He swoops down and blasts one with his repulsor, expecting it to explode, or at least drop. He certainly isn’t expecting it to start vibrating violently, shuddering in mid-air. He backs up, watching it with confusion, before the thing suddenly explodes, spraying goo everywhere, splattering the front of the suit.
God, he has a
They must have walked a mile and a half before Steve ducks into an alley and stops before a worn looking door with a rusty handle. He tucks the food bag under his arm and fishes, single-handedly, through his pockets for a key that he takes out and shakes a bit to untangle it from a loose thread in his shirt.
“Are you Tony Stark?” he asks in a deep rumble, and Tony turns towards him, struggling to regain his composure.
He reaches the entrance of the room and freezes. Where he’d expected Bruce or Sam or Clint or even Thor raiding the kitchen of pop-tarts, he sees Bucky leaning against the counter, loose and relaxed as he kisses, oh God,
“What do you mean,
Acceptance.
“Alright,” Bruce says, and gently takes Steve’s injured hand in his. “Here, let me give him some painkillers. He seems like a danger to himself.”
that?” Steve asks, his voice breaking. “You don’t think I
Bucky shakes his head and turns away, grasping valiantly at coherent thought. He’s surrounded by self-sacrificing idiots.
“He wasn’t there. Just this.” He clenches his jaw and turns away, and Tony senses there’s something he’s not saying.
Steve doesn’t sleep that night, but he does think. A lot. By the end of it, he’s decided several things. One, it’s silly to be afraid to look at his own drawings, his own memories. It’s true that when he had first drawn them it had been somewhat therapeutic; one of his desperate attempts to reconcile what memories he had, in hope of making sense of the crazy new world he had woken up in.
“What about us, Terminator?” Tony asks, eyeing him challengingly, daring him to say something.
“You tell nobody the contents of this conversation. You don’t tell the Captain anythin’.”
“I am, Platypus.” Tony leans over and gives him a smacking kiss on the cheek. “You need to trust me on this. I was the one who made her,” he gestures to his stomach, “happen, so there’s no need to be upset at him.”
What even is his life.
It was just so… bleak, for me,” Bucky mutters. “But he… he made it better.”
“Takin’ the Lord’s name in vain a little casually, don’t ya think?” Bucky asks casually, but can’t keep the corner of his mouth twitching when Tony looks down at him, a worried and apologetic expression on his face. “Jus’ kidding,” he says, laughing a little. “If you’re not swearing, I’m not doing it right.”
“Are we still… dating?”
I also kind of have a thing for alleys, apparently
Tony goes quiet. “Steve,” he says after a moment. “But he’s, uh, not in the picture.”
He hears a loud sigh. “We’ll just have to ask him about it, Clint.”
your baby, and if you really need me to step away from Steve, I can do that. It’ll hurt, but for you, I’ll do it.”
Love.
“Steve…” Tony starts, but he doesn’t quite know how to finish. They’ve all been there at one point or another, but somehow, even knowing that Steve has diagnosed c-PTSD and depression, Tony’s been holding onto the thought that maybe Captain America would be exempt from such thoughts. Clearly not.
if you comment I'll likely respond, so feel free to ask questions, give suggestions, make requests, or give constructive criticism <3
Steve swallowed heavily, and fought down the urge to get up and shake Bucky until he explained everything. There was a tide of hope rising within him, frothing and foaming at the edges, for several reasons. First, if the military found out, they’d surely discharge him or send him on less-critical missions, something that would either send him home to where Steve was confined, or put him out of danger. Second, being queer, or partly queer, meant Bucky would probably stop trying to set them up on double dates with girls whenever he came home. And third… if he was gay… and Steve…
She seems uncoordinated, and he can clearly spot several points of weakness where one repulsor blast will take the whole thing down, but he has to give her some credit for perseverance. The police vehicles following behind her with their alarms blaring and lights flashing do nothing to change her speed or impede her.
, and whisper excitedly about how they heard Robert had kissed Ellen,
Right?
he thinks as he leaves them in the workshop.
Tony smiles, the crow’s feet at the corner of his eyes crinkling. “I work fast. Do you want to see it or not? I can’t call you Terminator or Robocop until it’s attached again.”
He’s pregnant. With Steve’s baby. Fear claws at his throat as he realizes what this means. He’s going to have a child and is going to have to take care of it. Painful memories of Howard mock him, and he curls up tighter with a sob. What he went through as a child should never happen to another. But what if he ends up like him? What if he’s no better?
. What'd ya gotta do to a man to make him act like that after a kiss, huh?”
The final sketchpad (black), surprisingly, seemed oddly easy to pick up after the last two. He knew he really shouldn’t be nonchalant about this one, but after the last two, it seemed easy to look through in comparison. He flips it open to the second page, where he always puts his first drawing in any notebook.
Steve smiles ruefully. “Me too.”
He really was in this alone. That much had been proven when Steve left
Carefully, oh so carefully, he takes Steve’s hands from where they’d been lying on Tony’s waist and places them feather-light on his swollen stomach, hearing another sob hitch in Steve’s throat. “She’s right here, too,” he whispers. “Bucky will come back, he will, but for right now, you have us.”
” he suddenly screams, and turns around, punching the wall as hard he can. His fist goes straight through, clearing a hole in the plaster, and he pulls it out before driving his elbow back then forward again, punching the jagged edges of the same hole, and then doing it a third time: punching it again and again and
Tony wants to shake him awake again.
“I’m here,” a quiet voice mutters from the bedroom, and Bucky has no doubt that without his super hearing he would not have been able to hear the quiet words. When Bucky pushes open the door to the room, he finds it nearly pitch black with the curtains pulled tightly over the windows and the lights very firmly
Bucky snorts, and suddenly the tension lessens considerably, and it becomes a little easier to breathe. “You were never a boy scout,” he says, and watches as the corner of Tony’s mouth twitches as well. “A little too gay for that, probably.”
his mental process down and breathes harshly, trying his best to seem unaffected as he goes and grabs a premade sandwich out of the fridge, unwrapping it and chewing on it almost angrily.
“Tony, I’d like to think I know you very well, so don’t lie when I ask this question. What’s happened?” Pepper finally asks with a carefully controlled tone, as if she doesn’t want him to hear her worry.
There are two chairs there already, so Tony drags a stool over to be used as the third. He waves them over and they sit; Tony turns the hot water maker on.
If you're still invested in this fic and have been following it week to week, I just wanted to say that when I see your name in my emails either because you've commented or left kudos, I do recognize your user, and I get a really fuzzy feeling! Thank you thank you please know that any gratitude you show for my measly little fic is completely returned :)
“It’s not a piece of junk!” Tony blurts. He shakes his head. “It is a very sophisticated blend of traditional mechanics and engineering and biomechanics, one that took me two weeks of nearly nonstop work to create it. In fact…” he trails off and turns to root through a drawer on his left. When he looks up, Bucky is grinning at him.
Three hours after that statement Bucky Barnes has a new shiny arm with a tiny gun, and he realizes Tony was right: it hadn’t hurt at all, not once.
Bucky freezes.
Steve whips his head back around to look at him. “Are you telling me you’re going to break up with your boyfriend to let me be with him?”
Tony looks back at him, an accusing glare on his face. “’M getting too old for this shit,” he mumbles, and Bucky can’t help but laugh.
I luv u guys <3
“Oh my God, are you sick?” Clint asks, coming to squat down next to him. Tony shakes his head, eyes tearing up as he gags again.
Tony pouts, even though Rhodey’s gaze is trained on the screen and likely won’t see the expression.
Bucky doesn’t say anything.
“Her?”
Bucky swallows. “Not much,” he says, and Tony can’t tell if it’s a lie. It probably is, but pushing will get him exactly nowhere, so he leaves it.
Tony barely notices, however, because he only has eyes for Steve.
” calls the voice again, it sounds urgent now, and Bucky struggles to return to where this person is, tries to tear himself away from playing in the hose, because the person is in
“Yes,” Bucky insists. “Don’t make me call Tony.”
“Yes,” Bucky responds, almost sadly. “Don’t lie to me, Steve. I know what you look like when you’re in love.”
Tony likes her very much, and she’s a huge part of the reason his functionality was restored after Afghanistan. Something has clearly happened between Bucky and Steve, something that was likely long-time coming,and a traditional doctor won’t be able to fix all the bruising.
Oh, God. He went and fell hopelessly in love with this man, and now Steve was across the country, chasing his long-lost best friend, a man who’d been presumed dead for seventy years but still held a fonder place in Steve’s heart that Tony would ever have, if he had one at all.
Tony takes several deep breaths again, knowing that if he passes out or throws up, it would only add to their problems.
Bucky shields his eyes from the sudden onslaught of sunlight, gasping and blinking back tears. It must have been brighter outside than he thought. Bucky takes a deep breath and fits his legs through the window, bracing his hands on the sides of the window frame as he slithers through, and lands on the floor in a heap. His sides ache from the tight fit, his visions slightly blurry from the overexertion, and his palms are stinging and cut up from left over jagged fragments of glass that stuck out from the frame.
Steve grits his teeth. “Just don’t go after me, Iron Man. That’s an order.”
“Where?” Steve barks.
, and I fixed the framing and it’s lighter now too and the joints won’t squeak and–”
The baby. Of course.
It’ll be what he’ll use to remind himself that everything’s going to be fine tomorrow.
“A what?” he finally blurts out, interrupting the doctor.
Bucky believes him, and his heart nearly shatters. He believes him, and that’s the worst part. He knows if he leaves Steve, he’ll actually do something. He’ll kill himself, or hurt himself, and God, it’s
They furiously jack each other off and try to kiss, but it mostly dissolves into Steve burying his head in Bucky’s collarbone while he swears softly in between ragged pants, and Bucky just kisses the side of his neck, careful not to leave marks, before burying his nose in Steve’s hair and moaning as he gets closer to the edge.
“You’d hate that.” His voice goes high and mocking. “
Falling asleep in front of another person, in Bucky’s personal opinion, is one of the vulnerable states you can be in. Tony’s trusting him not to hurt him. They both know that at any given moment Bucky can kill him easily and without effort. In fact, in the time that it’s taken for him to think these thoughts, he can think of multiple ways he could’ve murdered Tony Stark.
“Please.”
He reaches behind himself and opens a drawer, pulling out a battered bottle of lube. Thank goodness he had made the decision to work at this table. He tosses it to Bucky, who catches it with a smirk and a raised eyebrow, rolling his eyes.
” Bucky warns before he’s suddenly arching off the bed, a fit of laughter overtaking him. Steve pins his ankles to his lap and starts wiggling his fingers ruthlessly on the underside of Bucky’s feet, a maniacal grin stretched wide across his face.
A ripple of unease slithers under Steve’s skin as he flounders mentally, trying to fish for an answer to give Bucky. He settles for just nodding with bated breath, awaiting his verdict.
He rereads the email, cringing at the impersonal words. He and Pepper split a couple of months ago, and they seemed to have opposite reactions to it. It had affected Tony a lot in the beginning, and it was a struggle to even look over papers with her signature, but he’d told himself to be a grown man, and get over it. She’s the opposite: alright in the beginning, but it’s five months later and she still takes a couple of days to answer emails that aren’t about work.
Steve comes back to himself with Tony’s shout of “Peter!” That he’s pretty sure was heard all the way to Alaska and races towards the lab where cytogenetic chamber is knowing the way from both Peter’s and Bucky’s stay in there.
Tony walked out of the room with that and proceeded to his lab where he answered the call.
"Avada Kedavra"
“There are many doorways to other planets hidden throughout the cosmos if you know where to look, they are not all that hard to find” Came the vague and not all that helpful reply.
"Har...Haraldr?" Thor breathed out.
He pulled the stack of parchment towards him that cut-throat had put in front of his godfather and got to reading, he was not stupid enough to sign something without reading it first no matter how much more respect and trust cut-throat and Harry had for each other which was a lot more than was normal between goblins and wizards.
Peter.
Peter doesn’t know what that means but he can guess so he asks another question. “Why I’m I here?” Again the figure stares as if judging him, seeing if he’s worth the answer.
Peter smirks at Sam and decides to have a little fun by not correcting him.
Loki seeing that his oaf of a brother had lost patience and was gearing up for a lecture injected "and since he is also your son, I thought you might also like to come..."
Thor nodded, his brother's feelings weren't to be ignored no matter what form he is in.
The Titan laughs, sure in his victory.
Peter wasn’t all that upset by the bird themed avenger comment, he the soul stone didn’t lie to him about the arm growing back, if it wasn’t going to maybe he would be more upset, but he isn’t, so he cuts across whatever the man’s reply was going to be.
Ten minutes later and he was still reading, and just about ready to pull his hair out, the goblins loved making their contracts as convoluted as they could. They were petty and vindictive creatures like that and Harry was glad that he had more common sense than the majority of the wizarding world and actually treated the damn creatures with respect or he was sure as hell m that this contact would be a whole lot worse than it already was.
Without Peter.
And he knows that last look he shared with Peter will always be the last.
“What the hell Parker?!”
One Month Post Stane’s Death
“Dumbledore sent him on a last-minute mission, he couldn’t refuse as it would have sent off alarm bells and we need Dumbledore to remain ignorant if this is going to work.”
Once again failing to catch him as he falls.
So he fights even harder until he can’t fight anymore. He’s just a about to give up, sure that there’s nothing left in him to give anymore when he and Peter next catch eyes.
“Why didn’t I die?, I should be dead”  The figure sighs
"There is something of great importance I wish to collect and it just so happens that Stark is going to collect that same thing"
It completely and irrevocably shattered his heart reading this letter because he knew, Tony knew that it only mean one thing.
When the charmed quill stopped writing Harry looked down at the parchment.
Gamora and the lady she was with Natasha she had found out when they were wondering the orange landscape trying to find a way out were currently in a staring with the red-faced man who was there when Thanos had first brought her here however long ago. Natasha had informed her that he was named red skull- rather apt Gamora had thought; apparently one of her new friends’ fellow warriors had quiet a bit of a history with the guardian. He had also once upon a time been in possession of the tesseract- the mind stone but he had been driven mad with power as he experimented with it until Natasha’s warrior friend had taken it and crashed into an ocean.
“The avengers will always face the odds to beat the impossible, it was the whole reason we were formed in the first place” Natasha replied.
“So, spiders have eight limbs I only have four”
Five years.
Harry shook his head, he was getting distracted when he needed to concentrate on what was about to happen for this was the moment that he changed his life for the better, nothing would be the same afterwards and Harry would need to be ready to carry his new responsibilities.
He flies the information away to figure out another day right now he’s more curious as to why he can suddenly see the stone in this form when he never did before.
Five years.
3. Start uploading new chapters to both stories on a weekly basis. Let me know what you think.
Not when aunt May and uncle Ben sat him down and told him his parents weren’t ever coming back.
James turned to his wife letting out a chuckle, a smirk prominent on his lips.
"We need to go with him." Loki said briskly.
Anthony Howard Stark wanted to kill Steve Grant Rogers in the most excruciating way possible than bring him back to life just to kill him again. He didn’t know it but for the first time him and another man a few doors down from him were in a agreement.
Harry pulled out of the embrace and threw a wonky smile at his godfather. The sentiment was definitely mutual.
Five years.
Let me know if you’ve figured out the clue yet it will be revealed in the next chapter.
Tony needed to find out where his nephew was now, he knew from the letter that going to Sirius would lead him nowhere, but he had no other way of finding out where Harry was, there would be no sign of him in the system as there wasn’t with his father, and Lily after her 11th birthday.
Harry was filled anticipation, eagerness to finally be free.
“On what grounds do you request a formalised emancipation?” Harry would be frowning hearing this if Sirius hadn’t already told him the goblin would ask for proof.
Which started a new line of thought entirely, he did want Harry to experience the same childhood that he had, that Lily had before she was adopted?
They don’t know this because they think he’s dead.
Steve almost ignored them until Shuri came running into the room.
But does that mean he could only really regrow his limbs four times, until technically he has eight limbs?
And wasn’t that a novelty to say his uncle Tony, his mum’s older brother.
It was almost like he was back in that place.
The soul stone said a new one would grow.
And Tony doesn’t know if he should be proud, scared or angry.
For a moment he contemplated leaving his nephew with whoever he was with now, but it was dismissed the next second. That was his baby sister’s son, his own flesh and blood, and Tony had to at the very least check to make sure that the child, Harry was okay.
If either Lily or Voldemort had paused for a second more to look at the now dead James Potter, they would have seen a near translucent shape separate itself from the body and fly desperately towards the infant and woman.
“What the fuck Peter!”
"Avengers assemble"
And Tony knows, he just knows what’s about to happen next.
“Lord Black, heir Potter-Black what can Gringotts do for you today?” Harry noted that even when not speaking in his own natural tongue, the Black family account manager still had quite a guttural tone when he is speaking.
Peter realises she’s thinking of him not the other Peter from Missouri.
And in that moment Tony knows, he feels it so whole heartedly, deeply that this kid is his.
Five years.
Cut- throat Just wanted this visit to be over so he could go back to examining rare jewels.
They had been in the office of his lawyer for the last two hours going over the parts of his inheritance that is held in the muggle world mainly what he had inherited from his mum and surprisingly quite a bit from the Malfoy side of his family tree. (And wasn’t that a treat to find out that he was related to the stuck up ferret)
Standing tall.
Tony lets out a chuckle and let’s Peter go. They’ve got a war to win after all.
Thor shifted uncomfortably in his bed, the address seemed familiar but he couldn't place it and he was confused as to where his brother was going with this.
It would be very very bad if he did.
‘FRI, you sure about this? It can’t be right’
He’s never seen him so determined before.
Again.
There’s a lull in the fighting once more where Peter catches Mr Starks eye again and just as he looks away his Spidey sense kicks into high gear.
Harry let out a breath he didn’t even know that he was holding and shook himself from his melancholy thoughts, they would do him no good. He was here for a reason and that was so he could finally gain his independence and get out from Dumbledore’s thumb.
"We need to go brother, if he is really there it would make these last 13 years worth it, worth all the pain and heartache because we would finally have our darling baby boy back, our Harry."
“Stark speaking who I’m I speaking to?”
And if it wasn’t the middle of a battle, Peter would definitely be embarrassed by that but as it was an explosion goes off next to them before Peter even has the time to think about.
And when it does Peter isn’t in any pain anymore.
Peter’s confused, his healing factor isn’t that  good he should still be dead.
He thinks he will never feel better.
Ohhh couple of Easter eggs in there for you. 😂
It was with that that Tony realised that most likely Harry was with the lawyer now.
Nor so scared.
‘You alright pup, you look like you’re about to implode into that infamous Potter temper’
“Sirius we need to go now, we need to meet with the lawyers remember?”
Tony, really really didn’t like her.
Previously on unexpected...
“Boss, incoming call from the offices of Pearson Spector Litt”
'I have a bad feeling Tony, I know that something is going to happen with Sirius that will stop him from looking after Harry, he was named godfather and Alice a friend of mine from school is his godmother, but I fear she is facing a fate worse than death in the oncoming days.'
Peter nods and takes her hand and the three of them continue to walk until something something changes.
Spiders do have eight legs, limbs really and Peter only has four.
Loki, closed his eyes and clenched his fists, he did hate to be reminded of such a horrid time, these mortals always brought it up, it was like they were born with a lack of tact.
“Omg that’s hilarious” Clint manages to get out between huffs of laugher.
If Peter had been there it would have been his twenty-first birthday. Finally the adult he so desperately wanted to be. Instead when Tony sees him next he’s still going to look sixteen, he will still be sixteen.
Tony stares at Peter through the glass window installed in the cytogenetic chamber they placed him in.
He also feels as though his arm is gluing itself together, after completely tearing itself apart, a little like how it felt when he had been snapped and then brought back. His thoughts and head was a bit hazy and unclear, similar to how it gets when one of his sensory overloads come one and he
'My darling Anthony, if you’re reading this letter it means that I'm no longer here, along with my husband, and now you're my only hope …'
“It is good fortune you called actually, I was just about to make my way to London to see him”
“Actually, I was thinking of going away for a bit a lot has happen to me the last few months, I could easily arrange to stop by you.”
Harry has a surprise lawyer.
Harry was still coming to terms with the fact that the Norse Gods were seemingly real let alone the fact that he was apparently related to the king of the Gods through both his mother and father (and that in itself was a whole other can of worms) or that they themselves are FREAKING GODS. He also didn’t know how he should feel, he suffered all those years at the Dursley’s when he had family both mortal and immortal and not one of them cared enough to take him in, and his parents they were really alive so where are were they? Where are they now? Don’t they love him?
“Get rid of what underoos?” Tony asks
So Peter takes her and they keep on walking until something changes.
“What’s that supposed to mean Parker” Tony says not quite yelling yet.
He walks until something does change,  he sees an androgynous figure in the distant.
Avengers Tower- Present day.
“Manager Cut-throat, we are here to formalise an emancipation and for my blood chosen son and heir to formally claim his heirships” Sirius got straight to the point and had finished speaking before bowing to the goblin behind the desk.
“Tony!”
“Mr Stark, I am surprised that we managed to get you considering you have been absent for the last fourteen years”
The stairway and the downstairs were suddenly bathed in a bright green light, through the doorway she saw James' hand stretched out along the floor, his glasses lying just beyond the reach of his fingertips, the lens sporting a jagged crack. Oh god! Oh no! James! Lily's mind convulsed in fear and she started to shed silent tears. She looked down at Harry, her little beautiful baby boy as he let out a whimper, he was all she had now.
There was pause and then some rustling As the phone exchanged hands and finally Tony heard someone breath out and say.
He probably would win, never mind that is outnumbered fourteen to one while thirteen excluding Clint.
I’m definitely the parent Harry thought to himself.
Tony found himself to be surprisingly hurt by this statement and rushed to explain himself, he didn’t want his nephew to think he had just abandoned him.
There was Captain America right in front of him, Peter that this wasn’t the first time they had met and even interreacted, but it was the first time he wasn’t being distracted by a million other things and could actually begin to comprehend what was happening.
Tony immediately wanted to go back to Peter the second they spilt ways and keep an eye on him but the battlefield was too chaotic and Tony only catches sparse glimpses of him now and again.
Sirius let out a disappointed sigh and turned to his beloved godson with a pout on his face.
“You would if I was normal but I’m not so we can do it now” Peter states glaring at Tony.
Suddenly Peter jumps down onto Clint and knocks him out.
Tony looked down at aforementioned tablet and raised one eyebrow in confusion; What he was seeing couldn’t be right because if it was he got his sister’s letter 13 years a little to late. He looked up
James was making tiny little puffs of smoke come out from his wand, his son Harry was trying to grab them in his small fists only for them to fade away before he could grab hold. One would think that the baby would be upset by this but the very opposite in fact was true, his delighted shrieks of laughter could be heard throughout the whole house, grabbing the attention of his mum, Lily.
“You alright prongslet?” Sirius asks from the seat next to him.
fanboying!
His first stop would have to be Diagon alley, there he could listen and observe and hopefully pick up some information without anyone realising what they were giving out. He would have to visit the daily prophet offices and Gringotts while he was there.
Yes I really did make Tony give Steve a nickname that is also a DC villain character I’m sneaky like that.
"Lily, take Harry and go! It's him! Go! Run! I'll hold him off -"
Steve stands and moves to take the kid from Tony, he was the closest to Peter he shouldn’t have to do this Steve thinks  so he takes the burden on himself, not that it’s really one more of an honour.
For the universe it was enough.
Tony let out a laugh devoid of any actual happiness.
"Now then, what do you want?"
Thor blinked rapidly, as the conversation went on he just grew more and more confused.
Tony shook his head and pulled his armpit of the Captain’s hold.
“Tony you can’t just leave, this is important”
“Sorry cap, this is important as well (Tony didn’t  actually know if this was true or not) and besides I’m retired remember? I’m sure whatever it is it doesn’t need the whole team”
