With shaking hands, the instruction was followed, pulling on skin beneath the sheet. Pulling, and releasing, and flexing.
John didn’t even realize until several hours later that he should have performed a routine check on Mike in the charging bay before coming back on to the ship. John would have left Sherlock to their reading, but Sherlock dutifully followed him from the living area to the base when he’d stood to leave—though it was unclear why, seeing as Sherlock was not assisting him in the least.
“You mean to say it’s a lethal dose?” John asked, his voice raising in alarm. “Sherlock, oh my
Though, he could have been wrong about that. John knew what he liked (which in this case wasn't having his prostate massaged, and definitely not by a casual fling), and it didn't mean he was getting it from someone. After reading SH's guide, John could admit he was far more interested in being the massager (masseuse?) himself, especially if that was how his hypothetical partner would react to it.
Shit.
“Earlier, when she almost spilled her glass,” Watson said in realization. “You realized that she was jealous and playing a scheme of her own, all from that?”
Watson took his time answering. “Yes. But not for many years.”
“Will you ask John about the ball?” he asked, deciding to be direct.
“Sounds like I’d better see him then,” he said turning to Lestrade with a false smile. Lestrade appeared to be vaguely worried, but also as if he wasn’t entirely sure why he should be.
John looked away from him, and he wondered if he'd imagined that it had been with some regret.
Hardly, he thought. Watson had gained it effortlessly.
“I don’t,” he said, terrified by the prospect of John looking—and actually being—frightened. “I only said it because – because it was something to say.”
“No cause for alarm,” Sherlock eventually said, his voice airy, like they were taking a leisurely stroll. “But we are being followed.”
“Yes, I can see that.” John felt thoroughly mocked by Sherlock’s sole raised eyebrow. “Though you were shot, in the left shoulder.”
,” Sherlock recited, apparently from memory.
The man was definitely a few years younger than himself and Wilkes, so it was an even greater surprise when he stopped in front of them both, and handed Wilkes a letter from Mike Stamford, of all people.
Gladstone on the other hand inevitably grew bored, and would bound ahead only to return to them and repeat the process. It seemed Gladstone remembered a time when his master could keep up. John, of course, had only developed the limp within the last year. He once again felt nostalgic for their daily drives in Monte, and the freeness they had brought John.
“I suppose it’s possible,” John replied. Yes, possible, emphasize that it was possible. An unknown person, sabotaging the boat. However, Sherlock realized, that would cause a witch hunt, and possible identification of the wrong person. That road only led to madness. If an innocent was found guilty, Sherlock knew John would confess. There had to be another way.
When everyone returned indoors, the band started Auld Lang Syne, and then God Save the King, the only merit of this being that it signalled the end of the evening. People then began approaching him to say it was the best night they’d ever had, and so-and-so would be furious they had missed it, and that he had to visit them sometime soon, etc. etc., and then Lestrade would help them to their cars.
There was space for one of John’s knees to rest on the chair seat flush with Sherlock’s leg, while he braced himself against the chair arm with one hand. John’s other hand was still uninterested in distancing itself from his cock, but did still when Sherlock began unbuttoning his own soiled shirt with shaking fingers.
John mouthed again,
” Sherlock eventually snapped, resolutely not looking down and to the right.
Turning, Sherlock found himself looking up at a red coat, and the business end of a military issue pistol. His saviour was a blond man with a tanned, well-lined face in full military officer regalia. Sherlock could see why the boy had run; the man was imposing, though made more so by his posture and confidence than by his physical build.
The hoplite next to him put a hand on his arm, mumbling a soft "Gorgidas" in warning.
Damn. Having a quick brain also meant his thoughts meandering more than he’d like. The case! He was supposed to be analysing the case! Despite obtaining less than he’d hoped for, some details were obvious already. He squashed down a wave of shame for forming his own expectations out of fictional mysteries. With his name, he really should have known that they were a bunch of nonsense. He would not let himself be distracted again.
, am I dreaming?” She pinched her wrist, and grinned. “Oh, I so have to buy something for the commissioner.” She took a few deep breaths, and for a moment John worried that she was going to hyperventilate right then and there.
Once again, they started walking through town. If nothing else, this place would make sure that John didn’t lose the fitness of his soldier days. Back in London, it had been all too easy to let the dark cloud of too many worries and not nearly enough solutions weigh him down, chaining him in his room. Even if it turned out to be only a reprieve from facing his problems, all the eager steps he'd taken after that first one—on the way to meet Misha—felt like a blessing.
“You’re about to leave.”
“Nothing
“How did you come up with such a crazy project?” John countered, though his grin belied his tone.
Matteo led him left, through a tiny, slightly meandering alley, flanked by houses painted in warm colours. “Here we are,” the younger man finally said, proudly.
“So you can memorise renowned mystery literature, but it seems you consider proper procedure something that concerns literary creations more than actual investigations. I’m not sure if I should be flattered or frustrated.” Sherlock huffed.
He hadn’t wanted to see that happen. Stupid. He’d acted in fear—fear of losing what shouldn’t have existed in the first place—and look at the mess he got himself into. This stopped now. He didn’t have feelings. Had refused to have feelings for so long. So why had he been indulging such…such animal instincts? Maybe Mycroft had been right, if for the wrong reason, in forcing him to confront his bogeyman. A cheerful, supportive bogeyman. Only him…then again, he’d never pretended to be normal.
The university wasn’t housed in a monumental building stamped with Duke Federico in every other room, true. But it was old enough not to be stifling, which was all that mattered. While earlier he’d bemoaned the lack of anonymity given by a small town, now he appreciated having everything he could wish for at hand. Maybe that was the reason Urbino was called the ideal city? Mycroft would shudder hearing this, and launch into a tirade about architectural plans, philosophy, and other such arguments, but would have to agree with him if he were to be honest.
“All right, and how is it?” John asked as he entered through the open door. His enthusiasm was palpable, and contagious. He found himself smiling, despite the rather recent unpleasant encounter.
John peered up at the ceiling. “Having fun are we?”
He read through the front page article with cold efficiency. It was several columns of ridiculousness, though he lingered on an absolutely terrible photograph of John that had apparently been taken during a period where the man had unaccountably grown a moustache. His eyes narrowed in on the comments about himself, almost surprised that he was mentioned at all. John Watson’s second spouse - an unnecessary turn of phrase, specifically worded to draw attention to him not being the first. John Watson’s second spouse, whom Watson had picked up in France, barely waiting a few weeks before marrying him -- Sherlock now understood the Captain and Colonel’s comments.
“Yes,” Sherlock said, entirely pleased with himself. “No one ever pays old people any mind, and no one will wonder why you’re not fighting for your country.”
> Right. Okay. What’s your favourite food?
Lestrade was referring to the dark, curly-haired head currently bobbing around the corpse.
“Is he very much in love with you?” Wilkes asked in a quiet voice, implying exactly what he thought the answer truly was.
John dipped his head, nodding. The courtroom was hot, stifling. Sherlock could feel the energy in the room all focussing in on John, and the personal information that was about to be exposed.
Sherlock sighed. Regardless of what
“What the hell was
“John,
, and the Coroner was asking him if he had worked on Mrs Watson’s boat. Did they honestly have to reestablish the obvious? Was this going to finish while they were all still alive?
That first morning, he had taken to wandering around the house. He’d wanted to achieve the air of belonging, but was largely uncomfortable with so many people lurking about. There was a feast laid out for breakfast that he had no interest in eating. He’d tried to return to their room for his violin, only to find two servants sweeping and cleaning, shocked by his reappearance.
“Right.” Well-versed in escape strategies, John’s eyes skidded to the opened door.
He’d made the wrong assumption. Sherlock hadn’t come with him, after all. John’s first instinct about Sherlock having a more flamboyant disguise had likely been correct.
He knew a distraction technique for what it was, but no flirtations or digs could disguise Lady Norton leaning closer to inspect the signature on one of the Raeburn pieces. Ah, a motive, at last.
Stamford became the image of stillness, and Watson watched with bated breath.
Except even that had changed as of late. Being able to go out with company that he actually enjoyed was a pleasant enough novelty to keep him in high spirits. It was as if he had only just learned how to live life the way it was intended - he was happy, truly happy, for perhaps the first time since boyhood.
“Forget about him, he can’t even stand on his own without that thing!” the man ordered the bot holding him. “Go check what’s outside!”
thanks to Bruna for beta reading this and still being my friend after
Moriarty kept moving forward, and him backward, till he felt the draft from the open window at his back. He turned away from that devil’s face, and looked down to see only white fog, covering the terrace.
The last thing John wants right now, or ever, is to go back into that house. And only just yesterday, he’d thought the place looked too ordinary. John turns away from the front door, only to catch a glimpse of the red flowers along the side of the house. His fist tightens on Sherlock’s scarf, and he heads back inside.
John half-turned in his seat. “You might remember me."
Through the hallway between the kitchen and the living room.
> I didn’t think you were interested in politeness, but it went fine. Just locum work.
“Yes, yes,” Sherlock said, “But I think we might stay back for a moment. Watson must catch his breath from all the dancing.”
“In, I suppose,” John answers, passing through the door and into a small, eclectic kitchen. His shuffling host, whom he has been informed goes only by Madame Glinda, leads him through an entrance framed in hanging beads into a cozy living room.
> Not in my experience with you. You talk quite a lot, actually. Not that that’s a bad thing.
John laughed, like he thought being unanimously disliked was a delightful character trait. “Be yourself regardless of whether they adore you or not, then.”
“I’m sorry for leaving your party so early,” John said over his shoulder, stepping into the opening doors as the lift arrived. He was leaning heavily on his cane.
“The telephone will start ringing soon,” John said, sinking into his armchair and propping his head up with his hand. “Now, what other details did you want me to go over?”
Sherlock: [sweating while furiously googling how to hide chronic boners]
“Of course,” he said, “you know why he’s marrying you, don’t you? You are a clever one, you haven’t flattered yourself that he’s in love with you have you? Of course you haven’t, how could you think it? The fact is that empty house of his has finally got to his nerves, and he doesn’t want to go on living there alone. Poor man has latched onto the first naïve young thing besotted with him, willing to service him the way he likes, I imagine.”
While leaving the car, a man walking past them recognized John and whispered something indistinguishable to his wife. Sherlock hated them with an irrational viciousness.
“I can’t believe I’m actually doing this. Did you have to make me feel old, too?” John asked, his bones creaking as he walked down their Kingsbury stoop. The door had seen better days, after being banged on by soldiers for a week.
When Sherlock smiled, it was a small, sly thing. “Me too,” he replied, and that made John laugh, though in self-deprecation.
The transition from conversation on the sofa to Sherlock’s bedroom was a strange one. Sherlock held John’s hand as he led him down the hall, which was as sweet as it was oddly chaste. John’s hand was dropped once they were behind the closed door, where Sherlock began to inform John of the “particulars” that he should be aware of, including the different lubes available in the side drawer, Sherlock’s clean bill of health from a recent doctor’s appointment, which John assumed explained the lack of condoms, and that Sherlock was “clean” in other areas, at which point John kissed him if only to avoid learning more than absolutely necessary.
“Perhaps you should let him know.”
“Are you mocking me?” John asked. “I honestly can’t tell.”
“Not a very pleasant afternoon for a walk I’d say,” Lestrade commented.
“So you have experience solving real mysteries? What happened exactly, if you don’t mind me asking?”
The laptop was tilted as directed with violence, and the man turned back around, easing himself onto the chair seat, legs splayed on either side of it.
, whether it was too strange, whether John would stay.
“So you had an interest in solving crimes,” Sherlock surmised, before clearing his throat. “And what, um, else did you want to do with me?”
Watson snorted, and then began to laugh. A deep belly aching laugh.
“Congratulate me on my wife’s suicide?” John asked, laughing once, short and bitter. “Thanks, yeah.”
, he supposed would have been the next line.
“Oh, Sherlock,” John interjected, and the way he said his name sounded an awful lot like “love”, despite it being ages too soon to be that smitten. John, as Sherlock had pointed out, was unbelievable.
When he came, white and hot into the palm of John’s hand, he lost his mind to another place.
> I feel like I just got pop quizzed. A bit different than your usual questions. What was the point, exactly?
“You’re a torment,” John had groaned as Sherlock continued to writhe against the bed, basking in the feeling of John’s weight holding him down, and his cock dangerously close to sliding between Sherlock’s cheeks over top of his nightshirt.
Watson nodded. “Well, he would need a confidante.”
“Should the castle be moved?” John suggested, and a tense silence settled over the room. “What?” John said, looking around. “What did I say?”
“Would you prefer standing in the doorway or coming inside?” she asks pleasantly.
He unlocked their door, having almost forgotten his paranoia from yesterday, and hurried down to the main hall. His eyes lit upon John’s hat and gloves lying on the table and, embarrassingly, even those were a joy to see. Moving towards the library where he imagined John would be, he heard John’s raised voice through the door. He reached for the knob but hesitated, deciding he’d much rather hear the conversation than disturb it. He pressed his ear against the closed door.
Oh God, John. John was going to turn the old man against them, when he’d been on their side not but a few minutes earlier, looking for the simpler solution.
Sherlock fully twisted himself back around, craning his head to look up at John sharply. “I’ve told you quite explicitly that I do. What else can I say to convince you?”
John drove the scouter out in spirals and avoided craters where possible. There wasn’t much that could hide a broken bot, beyond the blue hills and dunes. He’d find Mike eventually.
Gladstone eyed him with interest, and butted his wet nose into his hand when offered. It was possible he liked dogs a bit more than he was letting on.
Instead, he exerted a harder force than John’s pull, causing John to tip forward into him. He gripped John’s upper arms, and lowered his own head.
“If you don’t believe me, why did you come out all this way?” John’s voice is high and tight, and he doesn’t care, he doesn’t care if it’s obvious that he’s at the end of his tether.
A dark figure entered.  At first, it was not anything John would have identified as a human; he could just make out an elongated face, the white of a claw, and the shape of two black wings.
“I assumed John would have told you. He simply adored Mary.”
“It’s either you or him,” she replied softly, “and darling, it won’t be him.”
“There’s a good fire in the library now,” Lestrade said, raising his brows meaningfully. “Might be a good idea to warm up a bit after being out in that rain.”
Despite his terse nature and unsteady hands, his sutures always healed, and his medicines always worked. John would have lost the job within the first few days otherwise, as he performed his duties without any diligence, and was caught dozing in the backroom almost daily. More often than not, after slumping over at his desk, John was woken by the sound of the train trundling past his window.
John, holding his dripping cock in his hand, hard as a rock, was still somehow able to have a moral crisis. “I just - I need to be sure,” he said, looking up at Sherlock. “You really will be tied to me.”
“Well, you’ll just have to get used to New York, that’s all. This is actually a welcome change for you, you know. There will be other young men in your position there, all in your own class. You could have your own little group of friends instead of always being at my beck and call.”
Irene laughed. “No can do, but John,” she said, “I like your spark.”
Sherlock allowed his breathing to even out. The topic had returned to what he wanted to discuss, at least.
Once positioned, he made sure to look back over his shoulder at John. Only when he’d confirmed that he had John’s undivided attention did he lift the edge of the sheet up his leg.
_______
. Coordinates were also helpfully provided. John spared one more glance for the opaque dust cloud visible from the bridge, before turning on his heel again.
Well, he supposed just this once his observations might be shared, given the current situation.
And so what if John and all the owners before him had lived in the other wing of the house? He didn’t care for tradition. This was fine, and he and John were going to be very happy here.
The man’s pale eyes narrowed in on his mouth, where he was still forming the word and sign for
“Have you been here before?”
John squeezed his hand once before standing, always looking to be the one to offer comfort. Sherlock felt his heart in his throat the entire duration of John’s turn, but it went smoother than he could have imagined - John kept a level head, not reacting in any noticeable way to the intensity of the thorough Coroner. Sherlock was glad for it, but still couldn’t shake the feeling of apprehension. He alternated between pressing his fists into his thighs to stop his legs from bouncing, and turning his head slightly to see Moriarty and Magnussen in his peripheral.
Over the crackling of the flames, he could hear whistling, and saw Moriarty in the distance at the other end of the gallery, seemingly untouched by the inferno of his own creation. Moriarty was approaching him, for once last gloat, while he lay prone, helpless --
“Thank God for that,” she said dismissively, “and goodbye you two. Forgive me if I’ve asked you rude questions, and said all sorts of things I shouldn’t. Tact was never my strong point, as I’m sure John will agree. And, as I told you before, you’re not a bit what I expected.”
He smiled stiffly over her shoulder, maintaining the appearance of a pleasant dance till the last.
He could have borne it easier perhaps, if John had not been so very...
A sudden noise breaks through the quiet of the house, both men jump and John is on edge, in ready-for-battle mode. He immediately reaches for Sherlock and angles his body to cover him from the direction of the sound. Sherlock scrambles to grab him back, and they stand still in silence on high alert for a long moment.
He cast a glance towards John. What had John told his family about him? And what aspect of the description was he not matching up to? He should have paid more attention to John’s outgoing correspondence.
“Okay. No, actually – Curious about what?” John pressed. “You know, you were oddly interested in him before, too, I remember that - after you left me alone on that a bench -”
“Well, you’re the one who called us here today,” John said, good naturedly (which showed an impressive amount of self control, to say the least). “Tell the Colonel what you have to say.”
“Squeeze,” John whispered and started to thrust again, mouth hot against the back of Sherlock’s neck.
“Yeah, actually I have,” John sighed. “And that was before I learned a large part of your mysterious methods was actually getting inside information from cats. By the way, there wouldn’t be one of those around here, would there?
). Even Harry’s interest seemed piqued.
“Well? Do you have anything to say to that? Or are you going to jump over your door and leave me here?”
“Yes,” John said smiling. “We weren’t sure where you’d got to – I would have warned you that we were expecting my –“
John should have been, but instead found himself thinking that back in the day it would have taken Sherlock far less time to go snooping through his private, unpublished blog posts. This was progress, if anything. And truthfully, Sherlock had a point. The writing had not been his finest hour.
before each sentence. God, the man was a nightmare to get information from.
“Interrogate the poacher? Yes John, excellent suggestion.”
He expected Watson to release him from his hold, but he did not.
“You can’t tell me?” John asked, wondering if he really had found himself a useless wizard.
> No, not a problem. Not necessarily. Are you going to tell me your full name now, or leave that for when we meet?
He returned to his own room with his stomach in knots, as if he’d eaten something rotten. This was peculiar, as he’d hardly eaten anything at all.
No, Sherlock thought, in fact he understood it was rather euphoric for the donator when it was done right, not that he’d ever—
“And where,” John said, looking towards the kitchen, where he had seen a promising hallway beyond, “might we, uh, explore that possible compatibility?”
“Oh, right,” John said. Thirty seconds passed before the newspaper was folded in half, revealing his face. “You and Janine are still – talking.”
“Is this the rest of Mike?” John asked, motioning to the parts next to them on the floor of the crater. “Are there any more?”
“Oh, how so?” John asked. It was the most carefree he had sounded since Mary’s boat had been found.
Sherlock turned away from John’s ire, a scowl forming. Sherlock supposed he hadn’t expected John to be impressed with him, he’d only just become a
A shadow fell across Moriarty’s face, and he abruptly and, finally, left.
The witch stood from the patient’s stool. Even though John remembered her as shorter than him when he’d led her in, she now matched John’s height easily.
> You know, this is all making me feel a bit exposed, “SH”.
Watson’s gaze flickered to the closed door, then back to Sherlock. A decision made, Watson pulled on his hand. As Sherlock was drawn into his orbit, Watson shifted up on the balls of his feet to match his height.
“I’m sure he’s aware, and won’t mind,” he said. “I had no idea he was having rooms redecorated and furnished. He shouldn't have bothered. I'm sure I should have been just as happy and comfortable in the West wing or any wing.”
“Mary knew she was dying,” Sherlock began, “because she’d been poisoned.”
While John may give the pretence of being annoyed, he still feels giddiness at Sherlock’s playfulness and at the promise of something new and ridiculous.
John should have been more occupied with the very real threat of someone knowing Sherlock was here, but John couldn’t help but think about how, even though it was perhaps only a small part, he now had some of Sherlock within him, always.
There was a tension to the group, a repressed aggression. It was clear the lot of them were more interested in making an enemy than a friend. For a few seconds as he passed them, John was able to stand straight on his left leg.
“Oh, I don’t imagine you’ll be needing it for much longer,” Sherlock murmurs, pressing his own mouth firmly into the neck above him.
Sherlock smiled, seemingly appeased. “No, and apparently neither are you.”
Though, who knew what might be different this time around. Might as well go keep an eye on Sherlock. In person. For Sherlock’s safety, of course.
She had the grace to look almost guilty. “For someone who respects logic, that isn’t very sound.”
He closed the shutters around the room with efficiency, while motioning John towards the bed. John eventually crossed the room to lean his cane against his bedside table, and untie his shoes. He lifted one leg, then the other, onto the mattress. When there was darkness in the room, he finally joined John on the bed. John turned to face him, and they stared at each other for a long moment, both of them on lying on their sides.
“I’m not sure what it could mean,” Moriarty said, his courteous manner returned. “My mistress had been in London. Perhaps it was information gained from her time there?”
“Well,” Watson asked, tilting his lips and raising his hair. “What about me?”
“I suppose you can relate to that,” John commented. Sherlock finally did look up at him then, though in irritation.
Watson didn’t feel the anxious need to fill the silence with talking when there wasn’t anything to be said. He was comfortable with quiet, and only spoke when he had something to say.
“You’re not
“Save it Lestrade,” he said, his feet under him once more. “Don’t try to trick me. It won’t work. Are you going to pick up your pen once we’re inside, or will you wait till I’m thoroughly occupied with something else? ‘Today sir your baby brother implied that something
When he finally escaped Wilkes, he caved and headed down to the lobby. He walked at a brisk pace through the high-ceilinged hotel entrance corridor, hoping Watson would be in his usual spot outside.
Sherlock had partially hoped that David, much like his
Archie’s head swiveled, looking back and forth between them, while Sherlock observed John out of the corner of his eye. “Master Holmes hasn’t been taking cust—” Archie began to say, but broke off when Sherlock fixed him with a look.
“Don’t trouble yourself,” he protested, but the maître d’hotel was already setting the seat across from Watson. “I couldn’t possibly,” he added, albeit weakly.
“You have no idea how much I’ve thought of you like this,” John growled, pressing his face into the place where Sherlock’s thigh met groin, kissing him there.
“When a dog goes missing, people just tell you to put up flyers. But I know Howard was in the house when I went to bed, and I know everything was shut up tight. I live alone now that my daughter’s away at university, and I’m very fastidious about home security. I just don’t know how to explain it,” she says, with an intense earnestness that makes John reassess the likelihood of all this being a hoax.
“Maybe you should keep better track of your staff,” the Queen said with a brittle smile, “so we wouldn’t find ourselves in these messes. Would the King want the war won on the backs of self-ruined wizards?”
“Yeah, yeah, all right - look, just - I’ll be up to your room in a minute,” Lestrade promised, before descending the steps and heading into the drawing room, taking Clara with him.
He returned the smile, and took hold of both John’s hands. It felt... nice.
John finally turned to him. “See what in my face?”
“John,” Sherlock said, lifting up his skirt to reveal the pair of seven league boots he had made for John, which were somehow tied to his leg. “We need to split up.”
Sherlock lowered his fingers from where they had been pressing into his temples. He’d quite forgotten himself. Distantly, he was aware of Barclay thanking Doctor Murray for telling them all he knew, and asking for a copy of the patient visit file. Obviously he planned to use Mary’s distressed behaviour as additional support for the suicide verdict. David must have been fuming, but that was no longer an issue. The visit to the Doctor had in fact helped them, in the end, except...
John’s smile was fond, obviously missing the point entirely. “I’m a doctor, I’ve donated blood loads of times.  Whenever the hospital runs short they head to the staff. Giving it to you isn’t any different than giving it to any other person.”
“That’s, well, first of all– gosh, really? Finally! But this isn’t meant cruelly, John, you know that.  He gets into his own head, forgets about the rest of us. I’m sure he’ll be back, and with an explanation for all of this,” Greg says, motioning back to the bedroom.
But, John had used to suffer from nightmares before moving in with Sherlock, and as a point of pride, Sherlock liked to confirm for himself that they weren’t continuing. This was the usual rationale for haunting John’s windowsill. Regular reaffirmation that John’s new life with Sherlock was exciting enough to fix all of John’s bedsit-life problems.
“Nevermind.” There went that, then. “I ran into your landlady on the way up,” John continued, attempting to make conversation.
Namely, the mystery of John Watson. And how to solve it.
of it, thank you.” He bent down to retrieve his cane, putting all his weight on his good leg, as if to demonstrate. Not to mention he couldn’t remember the last time he’d slept for more than a handful of hours.
Sherlock’s eyes on him were like a physical weight, but he didn’t ask John what he had meant. Sherlock waited, watching him in silence, while John could only look back at him for a few seconds at a time.
John was also painfully aware that Sherlock would soon become involved in the suicides, if he wasn’t already, and would end up being the final one if something wasn’t changed.
“No,” John murmured, turning to stare at her. She looked back at him in defiance. “
He could feel Moriarty’s breath on his face as the man whispered, “I was ready to show it to you every day. You had only to ask me.”
He had of course realized the sea was close, but the reality was something else entirely. The ocean ran just below the lawns, past a much thinner section of woods. He could hear the waves breaking against the shore of a bay, though the bay itself was not visible from his vantage point.
“Do you blame me? For what happened?” he heard himself ask. He wasn’t entirely sure he had intended to be that candid.
The rest of the word was rather garbled as Sherlock had chosen this moment to close the distance between their mouths, and formed a tight seal around John’s parted lips. John stopped speaking abruptly, eyes wide open and fixed on the face inches from his own. John held perfectly still.
“Sorry, awful of me to not pay you any attention,” Watson murmured. Though this was accompanied by a slow smile, the implication annoyed him. Did Watson find him overly demanding after all?
Mmm. Quite sure.
“Fantastic,” Sherlock declared, as if that was a perfectly natural response to a middle name.   “You must be real then. I could never have made that up.”
,” he spat, “why do you take me out in the car with you, day after day? Oh, don’t tell me. You’re being kind, that much is obvious – but why choose me as the victim of your
“I think it will be helpful to Mrs Hudson’s shop, as you’re about to find out.” Sherlock then flicked his wrist, and the diamond-shaped wheel snicked past the pink, and the green, till the arrow landed on black.
“Don’t offer him breakfast when you’re not the one cooking it." Mrs. Hudson neglected her eggs to wave her spatula at him. “John, I’m so glad you’ve decided to stay on. It will be so nice to have a young man about to help in the shops,” she said, with a pointed look in Sherlock’s direction.
It was also not made any better by the constant reminder of what John missed, and sought to forget. There were 'M'’s monogrammed on everything. One could not turn a corner at Manderley without seeing an ‘M’. The ‘M’ in Manderley, even the ‘M’ in Moriarty, all seeming to match and long for the corresponding ‘M’ in Mary. The letterhead in the morning room, even the return address on the mail (Moriarty had pulled the stack of letters away from him when he had begun noticing that trend, suggesting that he needn’t sort through the mail himself.) He could not escape the presence of 'M''s. As a person ruled by logic, he was aware this was inflated in his mind, likely caused by his boredom. However, knowing it and preventing it were two separate things entirely.
It took him so long to return to himself that Sherlock had been sitting across from John for several minutes before John noticed the blood seeping through the white shirt at his shoulder.
“Not one I’m afraid,” Stamford replied, “though I do hate to think it someone in my employ. I’m terribly fond of them all.”
If he hadn’t been shivering, and actually a bit cold, he might have.
“I thought you’d be the same. You aren’t,” Anderson remarked.
Really? John rolls onto his side; Sherlock mirrors him. They’re lying in bed underneath the plaid throw from John’s armchair, scratchy side up, at Sherlock’s request. Not that John can tell which is the scratchier side. John’s legs stick out, but Sherlock’s stick out even further. Something unspecified happened to their duvet.
“Where we’ve both been a bit stupid,” John replied. “Why would you think I didn’t want you to mention Manderley? What have you been thinking in that funny little head?”
From its ideation to execution, the Manderley fancy dress had been the focus of his attention, his resources fully devoted and he remembered precisely every detail of its planning. It seemed fitting then that the actual event then passed in a blur, with few landmarks to ground himself in its passing.
“Unintended,” John repeated, as if he was mulling it over. He wasn’t. “Not sure that checks out.”
“Yes,” John replied curtly, “has everyone had enough cake? I think it’s time to go see the garden again, seeing as I missed it the first time.”
“Did Sherlock ask you to work on this?” John wondered if it was Sherlock’s go-to example of a trickier spell.
“It’s my room,” Sherlock said, twisting his torso to reach a book on the shelf above the table. His long pale pink coat sleeves were tied behind his back, with his coat loose around his shoulders. “But I don’t sleep most nights so it’s more like a spare. We can alternate if you like, with me during the day, and you at night. If I need to sleep at night, I can kip on the sofa.”
Sherlock’s head tipped further forward, causing his fringe to swing over his forehead. Despite his advantage in height over John, it was as if Sherlock was attempting to look up at John from beneath his eyelashes.
“You’re the one that broke into my castle and made yourself comfortable,” Sherlock said, oddly defensive, with his lower lip jutting out. “And I need time to study a curse! A month, at the very least.  And as it happens, this home does have expenses outside the realm of magic. I need assistance with my spells, and Mrs Hudson needs help with her herbs and potions. Unless, of course, you prefer your job and lodgings in town, in which case we need never discuss this again.”
What had John thought of the case? He had been much more intrigued by Sherlock, in truth, than the bizarre domestic situation they had inserted themselves into.
“Yes,” he said again.
“How do you bloody do that?” John still managed to sound more impressed than annoyed. “Anyway, I gather you’re bored again if you’re trying to shoot up the ship.”
He was also conscious of the fact that this mature and solitary man did not - rather
John glanced up at him, with a soft expression. “Forget about it, who cares. You’re the one who uses the room, and somehow I doubt you’ll miss a cupid ornament.”
Sherlock’s nervous energy turned inward and froze him where he stood. “Who?”
They traveled to three separate locations where bots had broken down, with Sherlock driving recklessly fast to each, and laughing every time they hit the edge of a crater and were momentarily suspended in air.
John walked forward, still unsure of his welcome, though the woman had released her broom entirely and was throwing a pile of couch cushions onto the ground from the table. Beneath them, there was a kettle. “If you want a cuppa,” she said, watching him out of the corner of her eye, “you’ll have to start a fire to boil the water over.”
Lestrade sighed before elaborating.
Sherlock blinked.
He thankfully passed no one in his rush to their room in the East wing. Exhausted, he changed into his nightshirt and laid down beneath the sheets. For once, he wanted to sleep. More specifically, he wanted to fall asleep, and forget.
Of course Watson had. Watson was obviously a romantic, and would thus be demonstrative with the object of his affections. The longer he considered it, the more he felt certain of this.
“Sherlock!” John cried out, hurrying to Sherlock’s side. Before he even realized what he was doing, John had taken hold of Sherlock’s face with both of his hands, turning their chin left and right to see the damage along their neck. There were starburst scars where the electric prod had hit. John ran his gloved hands around the edges of them with care.
His neck twisted, and John waited for the man’s eyes to settle on his lips.
the man replied easily as he leaned back in his chair, tilting the screen up as he went back.
“He was by that a rock not more than a minute ago, sniffing at the seagull,” John said, his concern mounting as he began walking towards the Happy Valley.  “Gladstone, Glad!”
“It would be better for you if you didn’t mention my coming to John,” Magnussen said, easing threats into casual conversation like they were pleasantries. “I’m afraid he doesn't exactly approve of me. And we wouldn’t want poor Jim getting into trouble.”
“Good,” Sherlock interrupted, and with one long leg stretching out in front of him, he was off.
“And?” David demanded, “Surely, she was either pregnant or not? What happened?”
“What?” Sherlock asked, eyes drifting closed.
He was still stunned by how his stay in Monte had taken a frankly unexpected turn. If he’d been told a few weeks prior that he would befriend one of the wealthiest men in England while traveling with Wilkes, he would simply have never believed it. The idea of it was so wholly unlikely - something a friendless eccentric would never dream of, nor want to dream of - and yet he wished it would continue indefinitely.
A new email received. He wished he knew how to turn those notification alert sounds off.
“Come to see the shipwreck, Mr Watson?” the coast guard asked, overly jovial given the circumstances.
Sherlock sighed. “They’re onto that already. You told them it was possible?”
“What a nice young man,” Mrs Davis commented off-handedly, clutching her purse.
“My dear Watson,” he replied looking out over the countryside, “you are about to learn what my ‘bent’ is.”
There was sweat beginning to form at the Witch’s hairline, and her curled, pinned hair was losing its neat finish. She removed her heels at the halfway mark, and walked the rest barefoot.
Sherlock shrugged. “You’d better go repair it then.”
John, still gobsmacked, found his voice at last. “I suppose you’re not the Wizard Holmes.”
“Yes,” Magnussen conceded, opening the car door. “Best not to have the new master of Manderley seen out and about with a man of my… inclinations.”
There had been a flower on the kitchen table.
For the first time, Sherlock spared a glance back over his shoulder. “Never mind that then. Up it is!”
After many days of being cooped up indoors, John heard the telltale soft raps against the lower section of the door. He turned to Sherlock, who was busy drawing circles onto their table in chalk, apparently keen to ignore it.
But, then again, perhaps not. John might have considered asking, if he’d thought Sherlock would let him get a word in edgewise.
“Maybe set your sights on a less tricky spell,” John suggested. “Let’s go back home.”
“Another order for seven league boots!” Sherlock groaned, reading the letters. “Boring, boring, boring.” The letters were dropped on the table one by one, scattering across it.
Of course, he hadn’t had a second opinion yet. He would have shown Lestrade, if he wasn’t sure the man would blabber to John, and then think it was a fun anecdote to share with his brother through their correspondence. Regardless, he knew it would be quite the success. It imitated the portrait exactly, and Lady Irene had been correct in thinking he could pull off blond.
“Yeah, sorry Molly, I shouldn’t have—”
“Good boy, accompanying our guest to the palace,” the man in the floating chair told the dog, and John released an annoyed breath.
> You gave me the cold shoulder after we met up.
Sherlock was beaming when he replied, “Yes, it was my Uncle Rudy’s. He was a wizard as well, and gave me the place to study magic independently when I was younger.”
“I can’t,” Sherlock gasped. It came out far too strained for a good-natured conversation. The conversation where John was casually rolling up his sleeves, and offering the easy, obvious solution.
He looked up to see John watching his reflection in the looking-glass, and then John turned away and went over to the window, whistling quietly, and rocking backwards and forwards on his heels.
“Do you ever think about how you affect others, hmm?”
“You must have realized the planet was monitored, and so relocated the ship and hid it,” John inferred.
And the man was definitely grinning from ear to ear at him now, like the cat that got the cream. John averted his eyes, annoyed.
Dr Davenshaw, who had largely been composed up until now, looks as though she is about to break down into tears, but holds herself together admirably.
“Yes, Mrs Hudson,” they repeated. Sherlock stood, straightening his suit jacket, as John pulled his own back on. “Send them up,” Sherlock said. “They will find us at our leisure!”
John looked unconvinced, proving exactly what Sherlock had pointed out earlier. John did in fact need convincing, every step of the way.
Sherlock could feel a grin spreading across his face. It was true after all. He felt nothing. Hearing her name no longer struck him to his core. Moriarty was still playing the game, but all the cards in his hand were facing his opponent.
“Well, he said you’d describe him as an enemy.”
Sherlock smiles at him pleasantly as he walks into the living room, removing his coat and gloves with efficiency.
“Yes, nearly on par with your interpretations of our cases.” He smiled around his own pipe, his face beginning to ache from it.
“And you, are you under Manderley’s spell? Do you enjoy being buried down here, out in the country?”
“Why did you do it?” he asked flatly. “I already know, so you might as well tell me. What was in it for you?”
Watson laughed in surprise. While tapping his leg with his cane to draw attention to it, he repeated, “A man who prefers action?”
John stopped and withdrew his finger. Crouching on his heels, hands soaked with lubricant, John forced down another wave of panic.
John backed away further and laughed again, that soft, sad laugh. “I don’t know what you think you owe me, but you were as stiff as a board just now, you can just say it - I won’t be angry, Sherlock, it’s all fine -”
John held his face in his hands like he might break. Which wasn’t far off from what he felt.
“See, he had it on him- ” the waiter began to say, before being cut off by a stern look from the maître d’.
“John”
“Of course. I could use an army doctor. Besides, I like company when I go out. And I can’t exactly take the skull with me.”
“I had ages,” Sherlock replied, walking past John to ease open the hatch on the side of the ship. Inside, there was barely enough room for John to stand. Sherlock would have had to hunch. John imagined that Sherlock had slept in the ship, whenever they actually did sleep, cramped inside of it and alone in the cave.
Sherlock studied the lines of his old friend’s face, but found no doubt, nor indecisiveness in his answer. Watson did not judge the sailor for his actions in the slightest. More than that, even, he supported him. “You truly believe the woman capable of agreeing to her husband’s execution at Sampson’s hand?”
“Harry has always been aggravating, please feel free to ignore anything that’s ever come out of her. I certainly do.”
John groaned. While he resented her greatly for the pain still present at times in his chest, he also wasn’t sure he wanted her dead for it.
John discovered later that night that his curiosity might not have been one-sided, as John was startled awake in the sleeping area by the creeping feeling of being watched. This feeling turned out to be absolutely correct, as there were two eyes peering at him, shining in the dark, reflecting the starlight spilling in from outside.
> Hello, Sherlock?
well endowed one.
John feels Sherlock’s attention on him momentarily, but when he glances at him quizzically, Sherlock has already turned away.
Sherlock could make no reply. He had been flayed bare, and by a figment wearing the face of the man he wished for.
He had known rationally that it wouldn’t have anything to do with John, and that the momentary fear that John was in danger, somehow, would be unfounded. He felt relief nonetheless.
And so began another joy ride. They deviated in direction each day, which had allowed him to cultivate a thorough mapping in his mind of Monte Carlo and its streets. He felt this information could come in handy, assuming he ever needed to solve an actual crime in Monte.
“It’s not just here,” Moriarty said. “It’s all over - you can feel her everywhere. You do too, don't you?”
, he would have argued). Sherlock opened his mouth to answer, but then closed it again with a click.
this much?
These days John falls asleep with at least three limbs tossed over him. Sometimes the combination is two arms and a leg, sometimes two legs and an arm, and sometimes two legs and… Well, technically, it’s not a “limb”, but Sherlock giggles when John’s crass and “your third leg” gets him in hysterics. That can lead to other things, but it always ends about the same: drift off, and come to in the midst of a dimly lit distress.
John wasn’t giving anything away, but Sherlock realized he couldn’t trust what was showing on his own face currently, and needed to settle on a reaction. Should he look haughty, cool? Or, should he seem affected, but appropriately affected? He kept his head down in the mean time, facing the floor till he decided. There was a horrid shade of green oilcloth covering the floor boards. Why was the Coroner not responding? What was this unnecessarily lengthy silence?
“Nothing like France I imagine?” Colonel Barclay asked, apparently deciding to join in.
“Tell Moriarty to call off the witch-hunt,” he said instead. “I broke the ornament in the morning-room.”
“Are you a bit nervous, John?” Sherlock asks, quietly and obviously amused.
Watson blinked, seeming to digest the confession. “But you don’t dance, as a rule? You said you ‘live in wait of the right partner.’”
He flipped over onto his other side, with his back facing John. He didn’t fall asleep for a long time, though he heard John drift off.
“Later,” Sherlock promised. He curled both of his hands around one of John’s, tugging it to his chest, and then lifting it to his mouth.
“I will fix the wall in a moment Mrs Hudson, but you will need to give me the afternoon. We’ll have a new storefront in no time. Unfortunately, we’ll no longer be able to advertise as witches and wizards, but haven’t you always wanted to sell the other good things that you grow in your garden?”
“You didn’t know her. None of you knew her." There was a terrible quiet in the room following this remark, and John looked as though he had not intended to speak at all. John swallowed once, looking up briefly before withdrawing into himself. "Sorry, I - Good evening.” And just like the end of their first night together, John left the room.
He was facing John again, cheeks flushed from exertion, but otherwise his controlled expression was quickly returning. John thought about the come drying on the man’s stomach, and how soon it would start sticking to the sheet.
Time passed differently in the other place, more of it passing the further into himself he dared to descend. Which meant he was still in rather deep.
While John had known what to expect, his blood still boiled at the sight of a suited man holding something akin to an electric prod against Sherlock’s bare throat, with the man’s other hand clasped tightly over Sherlock’s mouth.
I understand, John. It’s all right.
John didn’t sleep most nights.
“Yes,” John said, clearing his throat. “She seemed ecstatic to see me. I’ve never been so warmly welcomed by someone whom I’ve never met before.” The self-identified Mrs Hudson had in fact almost hugged him. John wasn’t accustomed to people touching him much these days, but the way she’d beamed at him, as if he were a long lost son, while in part disconcerting, had mostly been nice.
Taking in all the colours around him, feeling overwhelmed, he said, “I get what you mean now, about the flower shop.” It felt like an age since he’d seen anything other than moors and the inside of the castle. “Is this natural, or magic?”
There is a warm sensation spreading out from where John’s lips are pressed against him that travels through all his limbs, likely a form of fever related to his love illness. Sherlock realises that the train is now moving again and they will probably need to reappear from underneath the platform edge.
“I don’t think you’re an idiot at all, but you’re right that she does. You’re her blind spot,” Sherlock said in realization. “You in this, with me. It’s the key to fixing everything.”
“You know why I’m saying all this. I warned you in Monte Carlo how it would be,” he reminded John. “That I wouldn’t be right for Manderley.”
“A witness,” David groaned, frustration mounting.
“Yes,
It was strange to think how different his life would have been if Sebastian Wilkes had not been such a snob.
“No,” John said, truthfully. “I thought about you.”
John had been contemplating growing older (a minute and a half spent looking at himself in the mirror, and eyes skidding over hair dye targeted at older men while shopping), and several hours later asked Sherlock whether his people aged.
Was he interested in crime then? Or just trying to pass the time? Those novels were usually highly inaccurate and full of romanticisms and subplots unrelated to the cases. Sherlock wonders if this means the man is romantic. Probably, judging by the particularly dramatic book cover image.
on you!”
The man identified as Lestrade was still on the telly, blithely telling the audience not to commit suicide. It was the same one-liner many fans had chalked up to being ‘foreshadowing’ or some other such rubbish.
“Mm, I guess we both like a bit of danger, don’t we?” John whispers.
“Do not distress, Mrs Stamford,” Sherlock soothed. “Watson and I only wished to ensure your husband’s safety in the event of a fight. We can leave you to discuss in private, if you wish.”
There was a pause, and then John laughed, high and thin. That laugh always meant John was uncomfortable, or displeased, or that he didn't believe a word Sherlock said. In this case, Sherlock supposed it was all three.
Sherlock back in the hospital, Christ. Sherlock hurt badly, and because of something John had brought into their lives.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I didn’t think I’d be using this on my ride over,” Watson commented while drawing his sword, and cut the rope with one swift stroke.
Sherlock was chewing on their lip, biting it so hard John would have expected it to bleed.
The equivalent of being tucked into bed, and told to have ‘sweet dreams’.
“They do, yeah.” John wondered what sorts of trouble Sherlock had gotten into before that had allowed him to learn that lesson, while Sherlock’s hand, suspended in the air for the duration of their conversation, at last hit wood. Once short, and then again, in three sharp raps.
When it didn’t work, Sherlock scrunched his eyes shut in aggravation, before breaking completely.
“They’re going to regret ever giving me the big ship,” John muttered, pressing a kiss in between the two antennae on Sherlock’s currently wrinkled forehead. “Are you ready to say goodbye to this planet, and go exploring?”
His nap was cut short by the sound of voices and of cars pulling up onto the gravel outside. So, the Lady and her fleet had arrived. And he would have the chance to meet with them before John, if the soft snoring behind him was anything to go by.
“Sherlock?” John said, keeping his voice soft. “Does she stay, or does she go?” It wasn’t until he asked that John realized he couldn’t tell which outcome he dreaded more.
Once they were outside of Manderley once more, Sherlock caught John’s eye, hoping to silently communicate their largest concern. Sherlock leaned forward to whisper in his ear. “I can judge from your expression, but don’t leave me in suspense - was there any evidence of the bullet at all?”
“A contact. Okay.” John nodded, apparently willing to let that go, for now. “So, just bags then? Or do you….?”
Sherlock’s expression must have given away his fear, for John looked alarmed as he stroked his cheek. “Hey, hey, look at me.”
Sherlock had never discussed where they were from before, and didn’t seem interested in saying anything further.
"Yes." It was a jest, it had to be, but a weary sigh accompanied the word.
Blissfully, Mitch didn’t ask why he tried that. Otherwise, a lecture about being aware of one’s surroundings would be following.
In short order his new acquaintance was walking through the square. Despite his unblinking stare, the journalist didn’t see anything that his last round of deductions hadn’t told him. Sure, this time the former soldier oozed anticipation rather than embarrassment, but what would make his whimsical artist brother want him?
She replied (according to Gemma, who took over translating duties without even being asked), “Speak up, then fuck off.” Good. Raging would help her.
John eyed curiously a couple of houses sporting both the European Union and Italian flags, but as soon as he opened his mouth to ask, Matteo said, “Save your breath.”
“I’ve already made my point,” he said.
Sherlock was glad for his drink, as the scathing answer he almost offered would have stopped any stream of consciousness, and he still didn’t have enough clues.
The journalist smiled back reflexively. Damn mirror neurons. How was he going to earn this man’s hatred? And why did he want to, in the first place? All the reasoning of seconds ago had suddenly vanished. He shook his head, trying to get John Watson away from him, too. Nerves clogged his throat.
"I've heard you," Gorgidas said, with half a bow.
In the end, they opted for penne with a mozzarella and tomato concasse, decorated with basil, for Sherlock, and cacio e pepe (pepper and sheep milk’s cheese) spaghetti for John.
They sat in the rearmost pew, the shadows—after coming from the blazing sunshine—doing nothing to hide both men’s scowls. “So?” Mycroft ground out.
“I’m not surprised anymore that your chief would ask the help of random strangers, if this is the kind of agents she has,” the journalist huffed. “Now, could you kindly allow me into the crime scene?”
Sherlock barely kept from flinching at her volume. And John—former soldier John—actually took half a step back, and looked as if he’d have retreated more if the stairs didn’t hinder him.
“You’ve not roleplayed then, “ John interjected, proceeding to explain. “Anyway, who’s the first to question on our list?”
Before John could say a word to try to mediate or apologise, the journalist replied, “Suit yourself.”
“Yeah, okay well, that was all I needed,” Viola said, grinning and trying to circumnavigate the cop to hand the glass to John instead, while he moved away from her. Her friends eyed them curiously, but didn’t dare approach them, just smiling instead. At least they were sensible enough to acknowledge that a policewoman meant serious business.
John honestly didn’t expect to be called as a witness, but he could only nod. He gave a cursory examination of the body and the morgue, just to check that no procedure had been patently neglected, and nothing seemed out of place. . Nothing but Livia's body; she should never have been laying on a slab in the first place, except a steak knife and an unnamed bastard had disagreed.
“I thought you wanted to make a better impression,” Sherlock joked.
For once, Gemma started eyeing John with suspicion. “Are you friends?” she asked, crossing her arms and physically getting in between the excited girl and her charge.
“John!” It was the journalist’s turn to plead. If he had to face any more denseness he was going to explode.
“So if you were hanged or hallowed depended on your PR. Still, this is the most tolerable painting I’ve seen up till now,” Sherlock replied. At the others’ outrage, he added quickly, “But then again, I’m not an artist. I’m a scientific journalist.”
“Just a question – is this seriously the backdrop of Monna Lisa?” John asked.
“So your little clandestine search didn’t turn up anything interesting?” he asked instead. The delight, which chased the first flash of surprise in smokey eyes, should never be elicited by discussing illegal activities. Especially not in the presence of a cop. But John was too proud of the result to warn his madman.
And now John looks... guilty? Why would he? John is good. He doesn't hurt people who don't deserve it, and never loses time regretting what he does to the ones that have it coming. He's definitely just clicked an X, though. Guilty about whatever website he was on? Something to investigate later, certainly.
His friend’s eyes narrowed. “Insulted her? I just stated universal truths. The truth is never insulting.”
“Since I didn’t inform him, I’m not surprised.”
tempt me’ was on the tip of John’s tongue, because damn if the idea wasn’t appealing, but they needed to be focused right now.
Wait, no. There must be an error. Maybe he misjudged when he 's actually noticed the situation? Not that it happens often, but- it can't be. It's embarrassing enough that John flitted by that page in the first place. He moves earlier and later, but nothing else that would fit a 'posted a lot, then disappeared' description materializes, for the sake of his sanity. Their sanity. ApparentlyObvious' author page – and its lack of updates – stares back mockingly. John has noticed him. Why? How? Could it be a mean sort of prank? But John's not mean, and while clever in his own right, he would have had to deduce his identity, premeditate today's interaction... It's just not his style.
“Don’t bother, John, we tried that, and only managed to give him an inordinate fondness for orange blossom honey,” Mycroft said.
"Apologies. I promise I'll take care of it, now we're on the same page. Speaking of same page... did I interrupt the muse?" John keeps getting closer with every word, and oh ...does he mean... really?
Sherlock sat on his bed, sighed and called, unsure if he hoped to receive an answer or not.
“Just thinking about the possibility that my mum will burst into the morgue tomorrow.”
It was the agent’s turn to erupt into giggles—and Sherlock’s turn to glare.
“Jesus, why? Are you seriously bothering me with whatever she’s up to now, when my masterpiece needs to be ready in 3 days? I came here because I need quiet! I didn’t want my family to bother me or,” Valentino shuddered, “offer suggestions. I don’t have anything to do with whatever she’s done, and I don’t want anything to do with her in the future. So if you could kindly get out.”
“How?” John asked instead, eyes sparkling.
“I thought that we had an agreement that John Watson and I should be as far away from each other as possible. Just because I didn’t flee to Australia, it didn’t mean that you’re authorized to invite him along.” Sherlock kicked the pew in front of him, ignoring his brother’s chastising look.
“To let me go, I suppose,” he replied.
asked an inner voice that sounded suspiciously like his sergeant.
Damn, maybe he had sunstroke. Usually chemistry didn’t make him maudlin. But today he felt odd. He should just have made something explode. That kind of adrenaline rush always boosted his mood, despite people at his university forever whining about it. He doubted that the Italians would welcome the idea, especially if it was louder than he expected—which had happened in the past. Exams were stressful enough without adding blasts to the mix.
But the place looked...much wider than it should have been, for one. The man at the bright, indecipherable console, sporting a ridiculous mustache (worse than even John had dared at the height of his grief) and a condescending attitude, huffed, "You're late. Let's see what she's in the mood for, shall we?"
Still, no matter how pleasant a sight that was, he was mildly terrified of missing his stop, so he kept repeating it in his mind like a mantra. He did manage it…only to find himself stuck anyway. That made no sense. The newsagents advertised bus tickets. He’d asked for some twice, only for the middle-aged woman behind the counter to blink owlishly at him and repeat her question. Sure, his pronunciation was likely to be a bit off. But how many towns nearby could have a name similar enough to cause confusion? He repeated it once again, slowly and loudly. Hopefully this time she’d get it. “Pe-sa-ro.” Finally, he heard himself speak, too, and blushed. Oh damn. “It’s…here, isn’t it?”
“Loud and clear. If you intend to involve me, that is,” his brother requested. Instead of a reply, he received a flying mobile phone, thrown without looking. It landed on the bed, one inch from his elbow. Sherlock hadn’t even turned around.
certainly weren’t unruly middle schoolers.
“I. Quit,” the man announced, crossing his arms.
Oh well. With an idle few hours ahead of him, he’d have to explore the place on his own.
“Well, I have a preference, so yes, thank you,” John said, “you’re very kind.”
luck.
Sherlock was deeply grateful that the truly heavenly taste of food would explain away the little moan he couldn’t suppress. Otherwise, he'd be forced to flee in shame. He was supposed to be a thinking machine on a case, damn it, not a teen overreacting at receiving his first compliment. Why did John never have any consideration for that?
“Are you all for real?” Gemma interjected. She nibbled on her lower lip, eyes shifting between them.
“Yes, of course, we do know it started there, if only from the choice of weapon. But any theory based on the evidence we found there would need a stronger support than these clues. It’s a students’ flat. Sure, there was a fibre caught in the back of one of the chairs, see?” the man said, showing them a sample. At a glance, all John could say was that the cloth was black and definitely not wool. From Luca’s attitude, that was about all he could tell, too. Fine, he might know the actual material. “But any lawyer worth his salt would insinuate that it could have been stuck there at any time. And even the cups left on the table could have been there for a day or two, for all we know. That is, assuming we find a match for the DNA on them. That will require at least a couple of weeks anyway,” the pathologist replied, “I’m sure doctor Watson will confirm this.”
“As if you didn’t know,” she rebuked.
“It might have been, but sadly, that’s not a good indication here. Italians will speak to you while almost stepping on your toes, no matter what the relationship,” Sherlock replied.
“Why? So you can indulge in some misdirection? Do you know what my brother wants from you?”
When Viola heard he wasn’t here for leisure, but following someone he had feelings for—even if these feelings were intense fascination and curiosity at the moment, he wouldn’t go as far as to say he’d fallen in love at first sight—she exclaimed, “Aaaawwww!” He’d never heard that, or even seen it outside internet forums, but there was no other sensible way to spell what she said. “If you run into any problems, just text any of us. We’ll hunt her down for you!”
John looked up, surprised by the admission.
Poor girl! She obviously wanted to show off a bit, and look what happened. Maybe he should buy her something to apologise. Despite not knowing Sherlock for long, John doubted that he would care about the spot he put her in. Then again, none of this had been Sherlock’s idea in the first place, and Cecchini had certainly overreacted. John should really have stuck to the conventional—dinner and a movie, maybe. At least, if his attempt to know the other better and hopefully date him went haywire, nobody else would have been caught in the crossfire.
“Okay, now that we’re done here, where’s your morgue?” he asked.
"I'm a freelance at the moment, but I don't doubt that many newspapers, on and offline, will be interested in such an article," Holmes said smoothly, waving Misha's confusion away.
Gemma decided to take the lead after that, one eye on her charges, but refusing to have the blind (blindest, in fact) leading them. It made sense, but still she rushed to apologise, almost tripping over her own words.
Matteo turned to stare at him, almost scandalized. “Livia!”
Sherlock felt half-ready to go kick Spartan arse now. And he wasn't even equipped. The hoplites looked at him, and it took him a shamefully long time to even notice, because he was just sitting on the ground, looking up at Captain John Watson, and feeling rather like an overheated sunflower. The smiles he kind of expected. The hushed conversation about who topped between them he didn't. What did it matter?
Mycroft nodded sharply, and he would have dragged his brother out, if Sherlock hadn’t been quick to retrace his steps, with a muttered, “Bye.”
“Don’t tell me you got lost,” John quipped, shaking his hand…perhaps a little longer than strictly necessary.
“I’m not as weak as you think,” the detective growled, and damn, his voice shouldn’t be sensual when he was speaking nonsense. “Now, can we go on with the investigation? Or do you all want to make me beg?”
The journalist wanted to be angry. But his lips still quirked into a lopsided grin at the pun. “You’ll have to do better than this.”
"Why would I need it?" the journalist asked, staring at it.
John had no idea what the other had observed to provoke such a statement, or if maybe this was his idea of putting a suspect at ease, so that she would slip up. He barely kept himself from openly facepalming, and starting a lecture on proper bedside manners. Or witness-side manners, or whatever you called it. Evidently, Sherlock’s parents had to be insane, but they were proving to be more lacking than John expected. No one, and especially no British man, should arrive at such an age without an understanding of tact.
Easier said than done. The flatmate had been put up by a friend, and it was the latter who opened the door when they called. Even upon seeing Gemma in full uniform, she remained on the threshold, arms crossed, glaring at them. She actually reminded John of an ancient goddess. A tunic-like white dress? Check. Blond, long hair? Check again. Luckily hers was caught in a pony tail, because an actual ancient-looking hairdo would have been more than a little spooky. Glacier-hued eyes, even though they seemed fiery with rage? Triple check. She was actually taller than Sherlock, which she certainly used to her full advantage in an attempt to look imposing. “So?” she barked.
?” the other echoed, glaring.
John looked for any sign that Misha was having him on. No one would be insane enough to burden a kid with the name Sherlock Holmes, would they? Then he remembered one evening in Afghanistan, when the conversation turned to names, and how some people seemed to set out to make their children's lives painful from their baptism. A bloke from the Italian contingent told him about a kid he came across…named after a one-hit-wonder duo of singers.
She shrugged. “Oh come on, you know Teo. He’s...well, not the brightest. My friends have been asked by commissioner Di Giovanni herself to help us with the investigation. International consultants. The victim’s family is loaded, so she went all out to make sure that we’d catch the culprit soon.”
situation. You should, too, it won’t do you any good to pass out tomorrow. If only because if you do, you might lose the bet...and the commissioner sounded crazy enough to go through with her threat and send you to jail. And me, too, not that you need to worry about it,” John replied.
John would hate to lose his chance, but it wasn’t like he could do anything else, could he?
John wouldn't be ashamed to admit he stared…just a little. If someone had crafted a man according to his preferences, after all, the gorgeous creature in front of him would have been the result. Long legs, lean body, and light eyes, specifically, a cloudy grey that hinted at secret depths. He caught himself in seconds, though, and mumbled, "I'll just go, then."
“With your attitude, I don’t need any deduction to see that you are persisting in your baseless accusations. I will inform the lawyer that he’ll need to take both of our cases,” he said.
The visit was, to John’s disappointment (and—the doctor feared—Sherlock’s relief) not as private as they expected. They discovered it only when they met, in the square closest to the art Academy. Besides Livia, smiling and proud, auburn hair tied in a ponytail and round eyeglasses that were obviously a fashion statement, a gaggle of her friends had decided to tag along. “Hello, pleasure to meet you. What should I call you?” she asked.
Livia shrugged. “It was a good story. And there are a lot of similar episodes in saints’ lives.”
“Yes, yes, I’m sure we will.” Sherlock actually shooed his sibling away, like a particularly annoying fly.
“You’re still a suspect, as is...oh come on, his name can’t seriously be Sherlock!”
“Okay. I will tell mum I need your help with something or other, as long as you tell me exactly why you like your John so much. Or you could do it…if you want to speak with her. The last thing we need is her dropping by your place again, in an effort to get back into your good graces, and realising that you’ve been absent for days. Neither of us wants to deal with it, do we? ” His brother moved to sit cross-legged on the bed, back against the wall, like he’d done hundred of times when he wanted to be comfortable for a long, complex tale from his brother’s school day.
Sherlock had finished his exam of the place while he daydreamed, and took his wrist to guide him back. “Even Gemma can’t talk for that long! She’ll be looking for us soon,” he whispered.
“Livia…in class. Which was, I don’t know, when was the last lesson? Sometime in June?” the young man said, his eyes wandering towards the ceiling.
“Soldier, remember. I can eat—and sleep—in
Sherlock had never heard someone talk to him in a voice you could describe as fond. It had to be fake. “Where’s the catch?” There always was one.
Sherlock had finally drained his cup…and now sported a shadow of cream-and-chocolate moustache. If he hadn’t realised, the focus of John’s now hungry gaze on his mouth would have been hint enough. The blond almost reached out, but before his companion could touch him, Sherlock was dabbing at it. “All I heard is that you make judgements before having all the facts. Too common to be disappointing, but still—go back home. Why would you want to stick around until your opinion of me changes for the worst?” he said then.
?” his brother roared, before ducking his head and looking around. He dragged the journalist outside, and led him literally around the corner...to point at an open door, tagged—in Italian—“Directions. Please announce yourself.”
?” he retorted, raising an eyebrow. “Besides, I’m a John Watson.”
He ignored her antics and took a few steps away, John following him. “So? Where do we start from?” the detective asked. “Sex, money, or old sheer hatred?”
“JohnWatson,” Sherlock mumbled, all in a breath, facing the wall and its collection of Mitch’s earlier attempts at painting. Completely experimental, the artist himself would have said. Complete nonsense, their parents lamented.
“Because you’re to solve the case, obviously,” she quipped, snapping her fingers.
John chuckled. “I know you’re a genius, but are you really going to play the ‘genius and madness’ cliché with me? What’s the worst you could do?”
“Brilliant.” It was barely an exhale, and had no right to sound so...indecent. “Again.”
“Which one?” he asked, after steering his new friend to safety.
John chuckles again, but this time there is no fear twisting him in knots. "If you want to. And if I'm good enough, I guess. Let's find out, huh?"
True, he was an adult. He could simply leave. But Mycroft would certainly run after him. Despite Sherlock having a job and a life of his own, the rest of his family still seemed to consider him a ten year old. Fine, sneaking into his brother’s house to beg (no, no, demand) his help might not be the best demonstration of independence. But these were especially dire circumstances! How often did Sherlock Holmes meet John Watson?
"Nope, why would I? It's evident, if you ask me. Now, please give me your phone."
Sherlock led them through the minor opening at the base of the tower that John had refused to use at his arrival in town, and that shut her up. A staircase spiralled upwards, low stone steps climbing under obviously ancient brick arches. After a few steps, deeply splayed windows gave light to their path. John debated with himself if it would be bad form to follow his curiosity and look from the windows, or peer down into the stairwell. The structure looked ancient, in its stern beauty, and he wondered idly if it dated back to the Renaissance (and maybe the professor would spout an architect or two if asked about it) or if it was a bit more modern. He suspected that Sherlock picked it simply because the temperature was at least ten degrees lower in here, though.
“Well, let’s start with a bit of expiation then. My favourite place is the highest spot, so we have a good deal of climbing ahead.”
The doctor scratched his head. Sure, it was obvious whom the man was talking about—and honestly, he would have recommended a psychiatric evaluation for the parents who thought this was a good idea. Mycroft and Sherlock Holmes. Somewhere in the world, this qualified as child abuse, he was sure. Now, the question was: could he trust Mycroft? And if he opted to believe him, what was he supposed to do with his information?
“John Watson! You didn’t get involved in a murder in order to keep my interest in you keen, did you?” Sherlock would have loved to say he was horrified at the prospect, but he was afraid that his voice came out more along the lines of impressed. The other laughed. And even if he didn’t mean to, he found himself smiling, too.
“And this is why your boss asks random people to solve murders for her,” Sherlock snapped. If they couldn't differentiate between the ease of an established couple and one which was definitely not, how did anyone expect the police to determine guilt or innocence?
“Vinegar and honey, dear,” John quipped back.
His Captain actually surrenders at that, both hands in the air, stammering "What?" and really, couldn't he find another word?
His next move attracted John’s (and the bar owner’s, and judging from the looks, a few other patrons’ as well) strongest objections, instead. Topping up his coffee with the energy drink, the journalist stirred vigorously before he drank again. The man ignored his and Gemma’s exclamations. Was she carrying handcuffs at the moment? They might be needed to tame his adorable, clever, complete nutjob of a companion.
The betrayed look the consulting detective turned on him almost made him burst into giggles.
His brother had more to say—in fact, a lot more to say—but Sherlock had already lost his patience with him. He had places to go, and he was already googling law firms on the way. He should make his brother hire Italy’s most famous lawyer just to teach him a lesson about not butting into other people’s affairs.
“Well, I can’t help if I have no idea what the problem is, can I?” Mitch asked, closing the book he’d been trying to read. Good. This couldn’t be solved with only half of his brain. Not when all of Sherlock’s was overloading.
In many, many ways. But there was no need to go into detail.
Why couldn’t the man conform and hate his disregard for people’s privacy? It always worked before. But with the delighted look fixed on him, there was no way that he could deny such a simple request. “The man eating alone—professor of chemistry, he has the same kind of scars from being careless in his earlier career that I do on his hands. Unlike me, he beds his students who aim for a higher mark than their intellect would allow. Only the girls, though. Not that anyone is too happy about that.”
Mitch (the name on his birth certificate might be Mycroft, but he refused to indulge their mum’s idée fixe) sighed at his entrance.
He doubted his ability to seduce Sherlock if he failed even at ordering a coffee.
Oh please. As if Sherlock wouldn't notice the hesitation. Commenting is definitely not how John noticed the current ghost. Add talk of stalking... Lover? Has John added online sexting to his string of girlfriends? Sherlock will have to find her. As a public service. Anyone who willingly ghosts a horny Watson should surely be sectioned. Still, he shrugs. She's not important – and he'll show John. If his friend decides to take it as acquiescence to his request, it won't be Sherlock's responsibility.
“Last question, and then you’ll be able to rest. You made it obvious that her family isn't in need of money, but was she good at managing it? Did she often go into debt, or on the contrary, had she loaned money to anyone?”
According to Sherlock’s whispered translation Gemma exclaimed, “Luca! How many times do I have to tell you, less coffee and...okay I know it sounds bad, but less focus. There’s a door. Sometimes people will use it. Any movement in your field of vision is
That was more than he expected. Perhaps she did retain some measure of common sense. Just what did she want? A call from their freaking ambassador?
Judging from Gemma’s shocked look, she didn’t agree with him. Oh well. She would, once she wisened up. Her age, so close to his own and possibly even a bit older, didn't matter. Good for her if she had never needed to develop the skills to most effectively manipulate people. And good for him that, unlike John, he didn’t need to rely on anyone’s translation; otherwise the value of his approach would undoubtedly have been watered down.
She blushed brightly. “How dare you!” she shouted. Her voice lowered to a furious hiss. “If you’re that eager to go to jail, you could have just asked.”
"Are you going to ask me to share a flat, then?" John asked, grinning.
Sherlock shook his head, wavy hair flailing about. John thought that he looked considerably like a wet dog attempting to dry itself. For once, he wisely kept his mouth shut.
Sherlock looked back at the cop to see her rub her temple, as if she felt a headache forming.
Damn it. Why was his brain currently playing catch up to the world? It never used to. John was a threat to his mental acuity. He needed to solve this case quickly—and preferably, alone, if the agent would allow it—so that he could leave John behind. He’d leave Mycroft to enjoy the art (and share pomposities, which would amuse him no end) and go back home. Knowing his brother, he’d already warned their parents that their “baby” (even at 25, with a degree and a sort-of career) had managed to get himself involved in a murder. In fact, let’s hope that his brother didn’t explain the terms of his involvement, or mum might fly to watch her own Sherlock solve his first case, and he would really have to throw himself off a cliff then. She’d be pissed off that she didn’t have a front row seat for this, no doubt. But there had to be a limit to the insanity he could be asked to endure.
Sherlock’s mouth widened in a smile before he realised it. Despite that, he wasn't going to nod along to undeserved blame. “I don’t need training. You need to learn to seek the truth instead of persisting in your odd urge to indulge everyone else's whims.”
“That I understand, but why would you go now?” She kept just standing there. Why was everyone so slow?
The doctor sent.
“Well, you don’t want me to like her just as much as you do, don’t you?” the doctor retorted.
"You're not the only one who writes. I stopped rather than risk being caught, lest you hate it, but you very much didn't hate it, did you, TheWarDoctor? What is it, then, if you never meant to make it real? Just fantasizing about a way to shut me up, maybe?"
Sherlock barely contained a snort. Of course Mycroft wouldn’t make a scene here, where someone could overhear and report it to the director. In fact, the setting he chose for their discussion meant that he wanted to avoid a scene at all, if possible. Small town, people would talk. His reputation had to be as immaculate as possible. Well, he should have considered that before plotting.
"Sherlock, what in God's name are you up to?" John is still panting a bit (and isn't that doing things to him), but stern.
“Yes, well, I didn’t expect that you’d be the one to protest this custom. That’s what happens when, as a nation, you have an extravagant percentage of the world’s art. Of course, some of these pieces are at the restorers’, instead. Is your brother aware of your dislike of this practice?”
“And it’s not like you to state the obvious. Yes, I’m leaving for Italy in two days. I have to negotiate the loan of a few pieces for the Dulwich Gallery, but I still don’t see how this relates to your Watson infestation.”
He could have been ordinary and rung the bell, but if his brother was taken by a creative mood, there was every chance that he would ignore it. Good thing that his skillset included lock picking. The door clicked open obediently, and Sherlock rushed through, without bothering to close it. After all, any thief who came in would be disappointed by his brother’s lifestyle. The man’s eclectic taste meant that very little in his flat could be resold to any sensible person.
John put a hand on his friend’s back—people who solved murders for you were definitely friends—in an attempt to soothe him. That was why he felt him shudder. The poor man looked as if he’d have nightmares about today...and they hadn’t even seen the crime scene yet.
Sure, the only really safe place for his desires is his own mind. But publishing means he can delete that particular idea and still find it, anytime he gets a craving. And with how many of his thoughts keep circling around John, being able to do away with at least some of them is its own kind of relief. Sometimes he suspects John will keep growing and growing inside him until he kicks out all extraneous knowledge, or close to it. So he's grateful to every sharp-eyed, if intrusive, fan writing about them. The thicker the screen, the less chance there's that anyone will notice his contributions.
“You can’t be serious! How can you eat in this situation?”
John choked a laugh. Oops... She waved away his embarrassment.
This time, the text was immediate. Actually, a text barrage that gave him no time to interject even a ‘fuck you’.
He walked out, carefully tiptoeing around blood splatters and other clues.
The rest of the trip was quiet. Other people might have been uncomfortable with that, but Sherlock was grateful for it. He didn’t need to pay attention to his companions any longer, and could use the time to revise the data he had acquired until then. Having everyone focused on a common goal made the situation almost pleasant. He’d always thought that, unlike other people, he wasn’t born to be a social creature. But it seemed that he just wasn't fit to entertain the boring ones—a quality, not flaw, of his, if you asked him.
“Let’s get out of here. Unless you want to interrogate him, too?” she said.
Before he could speak, Sherlock interjected. “Of course he does, don’t be stupid.”
"I've heard his mum call him with these very ears! And slurring the name, too!" Antonio had protested vehemently, faced with John's incredulity.
Sherlock groaned. Why had he ever thought that following Mycroft (always Mycroft when he was angry) was a good idea? Leaving London was the right call, of course. He couldn’t stay and risk caving to John bloody Watson’s smile. But Italy in the summer? He’d melt. Couldn’t his brother have a job somewhere with a beach? Or failing that, on a proper mountain, preferably near a glacier?
There's the usual anger tinged with bitterness in his blogger's tone when the Moriarty subject is touched. And even if Sherlock feels guilty about picking this, out of all the pairings he's seen, John's tone still warms him (and might have to be filed for later). Because the mere mention of the consulting criminal sends John into a 'ready to fight' frame of mind, and if that alone wasn't hot enough, there's the ' for Sherlock' angle. He can't let himself swoon right now. Lucky him that he's already sitting, the table covering most of him. Any sudden blood flow rerouting should go unnoticed.
Sherlock was startled by the word. Mitch never, ever willingly used his given name. This looked less like a prank and more like a trap. If his brother agreed that he should avoid one John Watson, why had he told the man their plans? And if he thought that his brother was a drama queen who needed to face reality, why had he brought Sherlock along? What if Mycroft wanted to meet John himself, and had used Sherlock to attract him here? This required further investigation. And since Mycroft would certainly not come clean if he just asked, the only way to gain the necessary evidence was…
Matteo laughed, his voice a tad higher than before. If he was asked to subtitle him, according to his face, John would have said that he was brushing aside her excessive expectations… of himself and his professor’s efficiency.
John never knew what she meant.
“I’m trying to solve the case. In any way necessary,” she replied, her mouth tight.
That time, his secret is safe... But it doesn't take long for John to become suspicious. Not specifically sniffing out the truth yet, but that Sherlock is Up To Something. He doesn't blame John for wanting to investigate – Sherlock's initiatives have a track record of being more than a bit not good at times – but still. His flatmate is way smarter than he gives himself credit for. He might not always deduce right at first, but he hasn't been trained by Mycroft. Given clues enough and time, he will ultimately discover his secret. And John is more than stubborn enough to keep at it until he finds out the facts. Unless Sherlock feeds him a wrong solution, of course. The detective's surge of distaste is unexpected – he's never been above a little deceit to reach his goals, after all. And the mix of disappointment and disgust that Sherlock expects to face should be more than enough motivation for anything.
The agent seemed too taken aback by such behaviour to even consider ordering the man to sit down and let her finish. They both followed him, Gemma with a little shrug and a frown, John fighting the urge to facepalm.
Nobody was home at the next suspect’s flat, and for a moment John hoped to every God out there that Sherlock’s resolution to make his name fit didn’t extend to becoming an expert at picking locks. Or if he had, that he wouldn’t deem this the perfect occasion to show off his prowess in that art, in order to snoop unimpeded. Thankfully, the sleuth decided to demand that Gemma fetch the house owner to have them open the door.
“I’ve passed with flying colours, and all thanks to you! Come in! We have cocktails!” their host said, gesturing at them to come in.
Sherlock frowned. Forget the blushing, he couldn’t find any signs of deceit in the other’s attitude. The man couldn’t be serious...but if he wasn’t, then everyone, himself included, was overestimating his own vaunted sagacity.
Sherlock breathed deeply. The wooden door had changed colour
“Do not pretend you don't know what this is about,
"I'm sure you'd come up with a perfectly sound reason." The fond smile accompanying the words makes Sherlock giggle, high on the affection..which he isn't going to lose by having his dreams exposed.
The doctor was almost surprised to see Sherlock obey, though not without throwing her a sharp look. Hopefully, that would bring some delightful deductions at her expense later. It was obvious that she was nervous about her uncle, and the prospect of having employees tattle on her friends. Still, no matter how much she tried to play the role, she wasn’t (yet, at least) a teacher, and
“Well, the Art Academy is nearby. You can’t blame them. I actually think I read this landscape is in the background of the Monna Lisa.” Matteo walked towards one of the groups, composed of two women and a man, all around twenty, if John was any judge. “Ciao, Livia!”
Finally, two synapses seemed to make contact in the brain of the cop. Accidentally, no doubt. He tilted his head, stared at Sherlock as if he was trying to deduce him, and before the journalist could tell him not to bother with efforts obviously beyond his capabilities, he announced that Sherlock had to see the police commissioner. Perfect. At least someone who could presumably do something, as soon as the journalist demonstrated to them how stupid they had been.
“That was utterly brilliant,” John said, looking at him with near awe. “I figured they were friends, of course. But how did you work that out? Was it the complete lack of regard for each other’s personal space while they chatted?”
For a while, only the sound of cutlery was heard—the greatest praise any cook can hope for. The conscripted detective wished he could concentrate on revising the data he acquired, but too many things remained to be ascertained.
“Done,” Sherlock replied, before the actual Italian with them could agree.
Oh well. Brooding wasn’t going to help any. Going back to student life for a week might be fun. If he managed to persuade Sherlock that he was worth speaking to, interfering brother aside, so much the better.
He was more than willing to keep interrogating her, though. Surely a sharp reprimand would have stopped her antics, and they could actually get some more data. Before he could open his mouth Gemma interjected, “Sorry for your loss. My colleague is still new at this,” and herded them all out.
from grading your students’ works. “ In Italian, of course.
Sherlock couldn’t find it in himself to complain, although he did roll his eyes. “Sitting around and waiting isn’t my idea of fun.” True, and at the same time dull enough to be immediately discounted, if the man was in cahoots with Mycroft somehow.
“Yeah, and? You’re not a consulting detective at least. I’m a proper army doctor John Watson, but it doesn’t mean that I loathe myself, or automatically expect others to. Jokes? Hell yeah, I’ll joke about it too. Anger, or spite? Why would anyone do that? Were you traumatised by Agatha Christie fans?”
Mitch’s eyebrow shot to his hairline. “That’s…odd. Is that why you asked for his number? A relatable experience, for once?”
“I like things spicy,” the doctor said. His self-deprecating grin forestalled the sneer that Sherlock would have given anyone else.
“Okay, but you could have taken my word for it. Yes, I’ve seen Livia around lately, ‘by chance’ last week,” Valentino admitted, drawing air quotes with his fingers. “Once at the wine bar, once at the pharmacy—needed something for my headache. But literally nothing happened. We greeted each other, she asked about my plans for the day, which are always the same—prepare for the exam—and I was so tired of her that I didn’t even reciprocate the question.”
At Sherlock’s look of betrayal, he hurried to add, “Well, he has a point, you know. I’m sure you’re a great agent, but even you couldn’t solve a murder without so much as looking at the scene...especially if you weren’t given any documents on your colleagues’ findings.”
“I thought I’d have a look with your authorization, for a change. Professional bias, I’m afraid. We freelance reporters are a nosy bunch.” Sherlock shrugged.
, John,” Matteo quipped, a sweeping arm pointing at the vista.
“Then let’s go. Why listen to people who are likely to lie, even for stupid reasons?” Sherlock huffed.
“You’re not being accused,” the agent said, extending a hand as if to placate a nervous greyhound.
But John seems to have forgotten about it, and doesn't even hint at bringing his laptop upstairs when he retires to bed, which would put a considerable spanner in Sherlock's plans. No, everything is just laying there for him to learn. John didn't even erase his history. Not that he often does, but he's not often a mix of guilty and worried, either.
It turned out that saints weren’t necessarily boring. Way too tiny for Sherlock’s taste (though inevitable as it originally was part of a predella, the segment at the bottom of an altarpiece) they found the scene of a poisoning.
“You’ve forgotten a couple of things, though. One, it’s you I was looking forward to spending time with, in the first place, not professor what’s-his-name or even the secret wealth of art hidden to the world,” John said. His companion’s blush alighted the room more than the sun streaming from the windows. “Two, are you kidding? Even if I hadn’t, there was way too much lecturing to admiring ratio. You were the best thing that happened today!”
The other girl, who’d kept drawing till then, ignoring the chatter around her, put aside her pencil to turn penetrating brown eyes on him. “Fun? Oh yes, we need it. Come on, I promise I won’t laugh…now.” The others nodded, too.
gave me his number. Because he wants to have coffee with me. I would have thought that he was mocking me, but I deduced him and he appreciated that.
All John had wanted was to share a coffee and a brief chat, and maybe gain some ideas for his future, since his own promising career as an army surgeon had been shattered by a Taliban bullet. By accident—though considering the twinkling in Misha's eyes, when he apologised, John wouldn't be so sure of that—their own planned chat had overlapped with a much more serious conversation.
Truth is, he has noticed. And oh, he's played pretend so many times, imagined John was actually enjoying his stories, while telling himself not to be stupid. That it couldn't happen. But – it did happen. All these reviews, these bookmarks...definitely too long and complex a work if it's all meant to be nothing more than a joke.
What he wished was to never have had to come here, to begin with. But you can’t always get what you want. Instead, he said, “John Watson.”
“You were wrong, you know” Sherlock told him, glancing at the victim’s door. It had been shut in the meantime, and bore the tape warning to keep out.
“Then, pleasure to meet you, Mr. Wilbur… Bell.” Sherlock stretched his arm, expecting the reaction to be ear-splitting screaming. Instead, from the phone came a boisterous…laugh?
“No one...no one would do...” her voice broke down.
accidentally contaminate the crime scene so they can come back and find something to use against you,” Sherlock rapped out, grey eyes turning almost dark blue.
“I just thought that simply getting the names is a boring job, and you don’t need to be involved. In fact, if you’d prefer sitting this one out—you’re not going to murder anyone in half an hour or so, are you?” she replied, grinning.
One of the hoplites stared pensively at them.
…Because he was now feeling like an idiot. Spending the whole week in his room was out of the question. Not just because of the heat, but because he’d go spare cooped up all the time. He couldn't exactly experiment in his room, there was nothing to write about and the telly was even more rubbish than he'd expected. Then again, wasn’t it always in summer time? He could amuse himself with his phone, but the last thing he wanted was to have an eventual heat source in his hands, no matter how small. If he had to go out and buy a book—he really should have brought some, but he didn’t think at all about entertainment while packing—he might as well look for a non-stifling environment to read in.
“You are accusing me without any hint of evidence, why wouldn't I assume you did the same thing to John, since you just seem to want an arrest?” There were actually at least another three clues, but this wording would hopefully make have her explain the evidence they had against the doctor.
A.N. Sorry, sorry, I know I'm so late...I got distracted by other writing over the weekend. My bad. Please don't hate me. I don't forget my head only because it's attached to my neck, I swear.
The academic looked down on them (never mind that Bea was actually taller than Sherlock... nothing so inconsequential would change an obvious decades-old attitude), and his eyes finally zeroed on the journalist. “I didn’t expect you back so soon, Mr. Holmes.”
He’d have thought that John would have suggested they get on with it. Even if he didn’t understand the language, the man was clever enough to have become a doctor; he’d figure out that they were talking way too much to just share a handful of names. But John was apparently too polite for that. Yet another layer of complexity to him, as soldiers weren’t exactly famous for their tolerance of people faffing about.
.” He’d never know how close he came to being strangled, holy ground or not.
necessarily a zombie.” She laughed, and Luca laughed with her, rubbing the nape of his neck.
“I told you it was insane.” She shrugged. “Now let’s get a move on, your friend was sure we’d release you in seconds and he’s been waiting for the last four hours. He managed to get a lawyer and...his brother, I think?...to the station in the meantime. I don’t think he will like having to wait any longer.”
"You're not joking." It wasn't a question.
“That’s it. Lunch break,” Gemma announced, in a tone that brooked no argument, as soon as they reached the street.
All the tension left Mycroft’s spine, and he cracked an amused smile. “Trying? Wrong word, baby brother. I’m not
“It doesn’t matter. You’re not going to be around long enough to be bothered.” He shrugged.
The agent didn’t reply. She couldn’t, because once again, John interjected first. “Just let me next time, and we’ll be fine. I have to tag along because someone needs to keep an eye on me, and I hope that you’ll tell your chief how glad I am for the chance, Gemma. I’m a doctor. It’s my damn job to give sad news when necessary, though I always hope I won’t have to. And if I take three sentences instead of one, consider all the questions you’ll be able to ask, and let. Me. Do. My. Job.”
“Besides, you know my uncle,” Livia huffed. “He’s set aside a time for us, and won’t take it kindly if he has to wait.” In English, as a warning to her new acquaintances as well. “So, anyway, John—well, Wilbur—you already met Sergio and Matteo, and the sensible ones who aren’t putting up a fuss are Rachele, Andrea and Bea.”
She refused to check it for the five second she allotted him, but since he was still there, she finally glanced at it. A sneer stretched her lips. “The last thing I expected was for our main suspect’s accomplice to come forward like this.”
"Such ample use of drugs suggests you aren't that confident in your so-called capabilities, despite your attitude, Colonel." Annoyed people made mistakes.
Thankfully, his guesswork ended there, because Matteo switched to English. “Anyway, I was talking with John, and since art came up, I thought I’d ask the most reputable source we have here.”
“I don’t understand.” John frowned.
“What?” Their suspect blinked owlishly.
The commissioner’s eyes rose from the document she was examining. “Chi l’ha lasciata entrare?” she barked.
“No. Why would you assume I had? Did she say we did?” the boy retorted, fingers tapping a discordant rhythm on the table.
He didn't have to voice that, because John did it for him. "Who cares? He's amazing. And I can hold my own. That's how we took down this...thing here. And anyone else – we got a bit of a list already."
"And mine?" The retort escapes him before he can even think. He's getting emotional whiplash here.
He refused to let the small hitch embitter him, though. Not when he’d managed to snatch a window seat on his train and could admire the clear blue sea, as the railroad ran parallel to the beach. The sun glinted off the waves, and John imagined it was winking encouragingly.
“What?” He didn’t mean to yell.
When he admitted it, though, John just chuckled. “I’m sure that Gemma’s friend will be willing to answer any further questions I have.”
Most people in their group—except Bea and Andrea, who walked hand in hand, leaning slightly forward, as if hungry for what awaited them—snickered loudly.
“She fancied someone. And someone fancied her. And I don’t know who I’d bet she would eventually end up with.” John was relieved to see her finish a sentence without breaking down. “Matteo and Valentino, if you’re asking. Can’t remember last names. Look up our classes; Valentino was in our courses, and Matteo—he’s Bea’s brother, and Bea is in class, too. You can find him through her.”
But John Watson? His grin, his praises, his stubborn refusal to despise him? A man, even a man stronger than Sherlock was, could all too easily get addicted to that. And he didn’t at all fancy having to eventually quit cold turkey. His only alternative was to not become attached in the first place.
"Or tea. Chamomile. Anything you like, but to be honest, you sound like you need a coffee, and I want to apologise properly. And chat more with you, I'll be upfront." John gave him his most winsome smile.
Both women looked startled, but then shared a smile.
"It is... tangentially related, I guess."
Oh well. He’d endured plenty of boredom in the army. Boredom was fine. They would realise that he had literally no reason to hurt such a casual acquaintance, and let him out. Apologies would be nice, but he wouldn’t insist on them.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Nope,” Sherlock assured, popping the p.
....Apparently that was all they needed, because the hoplites turned around. Oh. If he'd known that any random sentence would have solved the problem, he'd have spouted something ages ago.
The fortress dominated the surrounding area, and they could observe the road twisting among the hills, with shadowy mountains as a far backdrop. Light green and golden fields spread for miles, with darker green spots at the opposite far ends. A cluster of cypresses stood behind a church on the left, while a bigger woody area covered the right side. After the alleys of the town, the majestic expanse felt almost heady. …And of course, John’s brain processed it all by saying, “Fuck.”
“Oh yes, because there are so many John Watson and Sherlock Holmes couples in the world. And especially so many John Watsons who also go by a completely different name, initials included, and just stumble on my crime scenes. I have not studied statistics, but I say the probabilities are against the two of you. Now, if you just tell me what you had against that poor girl, I might just persuade the Public Prosecutor to consider some extenuating circumstances. What did she ever do to you, besides obviously being too naive in her trust? There was no sign of sexual assault nor robbery. Or maybe you were interrupted? Is that why your accomplice was heading back? What was he seeking?”
Cecchini, Doctor.” The man’s glower might have intimidated someone more sensitive than John was, and in fact Rachele, who was the closest to him at the moment, physically recoiled a step. The man had undoubtedly been impressive in his teaching days….to people who had never known anything worse.
Sherlock—in her own language—pointed out that he’d been sent in by the man in front, whose name he neither knew nor cared about. “I’m here to discuss the John Watson case,” he said.
“No. I’m not clever enough to come up with such a plan, even if I might be reckless enough to put it into execution. Then again, who wouldn’t be, to be allowed to witness your brilliance?” John replied.
His brother better be done with his parlay, for the morning at least, because Sherlock needed answers, and he needed them
Her sarcasm didn’t seem to faze Sherlock, who took the only chair in the room—without asking, not that John would have complained. After all, he had experience—from both sides—of how unpleasant it was, for the person spoken to, when someone literally talked down to you.
?” Sherlock asked, raising an eyebrow.
“Yes, because usually the police are able to do their job,” the journalist growled.
For a minute or two there was no reply. So, the man gave up that easily. Not even a ‘when will you be back?’ The journalist wasn’t disappointed. Not at all. It was what he wanted in the first place.
She might not have taught you tact, but she would have advised you on the best way to clean bloody clothes after someone punched you too hard. Sorry, but colour me surprised if that didn’t happen often. If Viola is the murderer, you better start thinking of other evidence than blood you can collect. We’re women; blood stains don’t survive against us,” Gemma said, playing with one of her locks again.
Finding his way to the research centre was easy—and spotting his new acquaintance too. With his height and striking features, Sherlock (he still couldn't wrap his mind around that) certainly didn't have an easy time slipping by. Immediately, John blundered again. He knew better than anyone that just grabbing someone's arm wasn't always a good idea, but he wanted to avoid the other fleeing before he could apologise. He just didn't expect the instinctive attempt to bring him down with…was that some sort of judo move? Military training kicked in before he could think the answer, and John strictly avoided being caught. That seemed only to incense the other, and John went from the pursuer to the pursued. How did they go from an attempt at normal conversation to a mini scuffle right in the middle of the ward's corridor? To his surprise, restraining the madman wasn't as easy as it should have been. Other people looked at them with various levels of fear and disapproval. Damn.
Sherlock is about ready to give in, hole up in his bedroom and write again, before his brain implodes, when he's distracted from his pursuits by John. As usual. His blogger is at the laptop, again, and usually Sherlock doesn't even bother to observe him, because John's pecking at the keys is enough to send a man spare. But he needs to gauge the situation. Writing poetry for yet another perspective girlfriend? Blog post? Mindlessly scrolling Youtube for silly animals? Each option will keep John occupied for a different time – time where Sherlock will (hopefully) be safe from his flatmate wanting to involve him in something or another.
“You didn’t correct him, agent,” Sherlock teased.
"What's up? Case?"
John Watson defied his self-image with a grin and impromptu praise…and it was terrifying. Because if the man wasn’t lying, then he'd misunderstood the source of all the hatred he'd welcomed. There was no evidence that his inspiration was despicable rather than exemplary. If Sherlock's imitation of his namesake wasn't to blame, he couldn’t even decry his mum and her taste in names for what he’d been through. Someone else would have accused everyone who’d ever been cruel to him, probably. But in his mind, if the hatred he elicited wasn’t because of “Sherlock”—it was him. Just him. Because John got the whole Sherlock experience…and loved it.
“I will need the pathologist’s report too. I assume just sending them an email won’t do, so let’s go there and you can explain to them why I need access to the information.”
Judging by the soft smile on John’s lips, he found it amusing. “I don’t. Honest to God, I was surprised by the text myself.” He took another sip of his coffee.
“Can we just go and solve this case before the crime scene is completely compromised?” Sherlock said, leading them upwards. John glanced at some more abstract art—was that bronze? Copper? Rust?—at the sides of the highest, white-plastered area, before they popped out of the tower. Not that it felt much like ‘out’, given they were hurrying under a portico.
“That’s the reason you’ll stay here,” Sherlock replied.
Ordinarily, Sherlock would have assured anyone that he could outstubborn a mule, and that he feared no interaction in the world. When one was a perfectly logical being, a thinking machine, and others were…well, people, the winning side was already picked. And there was always a winning side, because there was always a fight. Deductions elicited anger. At-home chemistry caused disgust. His whole existence, outside of a strictly professional setting (and sometimes even during it) brought on yells, glares, arguments. And that was as it should be. Sherlock Holmes the detective wilfully ignored the minimum requirements of peaceful coexistence. He was an arrogant, melodramatic, neglectful of others’ comfort and even health, often rude prick. Except the few times he wasn’t, of course, but nobody needed a reminder of the detective’s
Viola shrugged. “I’m not sure. I tried writing it all down, but—I’m an artist, you know? Not an accountant. It might actually be a thousand. It might even be a bit more. But it should be the person loaning anyway to keep track of that, shouldn’t it? If she wants to be repaid, that is. How much did she say?”
Sherlock’s glare could have given a mouse a nervous breakdown, but she didn’t even notice it. John, frankly, had no reply. It was a thing to make a mistake, but another to set up traps! If nothing else worked, he’d make sure that Sherlock took advantage of his contacts in the media to start the biggest shitstorm that Europe had ever seen. Oh, the old bat would regret it.
“Any hint? What about both of you using fake names? The most glaringly obvious of fake names, too? Criminals usually make a token effort to be able to pass off their documents, but not you. Do you really think so lowly of the police? We’re not Carabinieri, you know!” the commissioner snapped, eyes narrowed.
“Ignore him, agent,” interjected Mycroft, “that’s the only way we have survived with most of our sanity intact.”
“Then who are you?” Bony fingers started tapping on her desk.
“Bored already? I thought at least this would keep you entertained,” John quipped.
“There’s no need to flatter her,” the journalist grumbled.
“Yes, well...not exactly. To be frank, I am wondering what commissioner De Giovanni was thinking. Ok, no reason to beat around the bush. You will be released, but I am supposed to follow you and your...friend?...around. At all times,” she was almost bouncing on her feet.
“Duly noted,” John said.
“Do you already suspect someone?” Gemma asked.
“Oh, quit it, you insulted her. At least she’s a good sport!” John said.
“About your brother—I honestly have never seen him, or talked to him, and I literally had only one text from him and didn’t even answer. So he has no idea that I’m even here, and frankly, I’m not even interested in why he sent it. I’m just happy, because you’re the most amazing man I’ve ever met. And yes, a bit grateful to him, because we wouldn’t both be here otherwise. If you can suggest a gift he’d appreciate, it’d be lovely.”
She frowned, examining them, but said, “O-kay, I’m making a snap judgement of my own. It might get me in trouble, but you do have a point, commissioner Di Giovanni really should make sure I have someone relieving me. My shift ends in...oh, about ten minutes. At least I should have got a message asking me to report. These don’t look fake to me, besides the names, but in fairness, they’d be ridiculous names to pick for an alias. If you promise me you’ll go to your room and stay there, no sneaking out to investigate crimes or commit them,” she grinned, “then I’ll just go home and meet you tomorrow. If this is a mistake, I’m trying to make it the least bothersome I can. And if it means my colleagues are going to do all the work while I babysit a couple of tourists...well, it’s not my fault.”
Before John could even think of taking out his phone, much less take a proper photo—or a dozen—the road curved and it was out of sight. It was strangely fitting for Sherlock to take refuge here, he thought, smiling to himself. Elegant, tall, breath-taking beauty, enchanting you and disappearing before you could do anything about it? It was a perfect description of their relationship. Maybe Sherlock was the spirit of this place. It would explain a few things. The obviously fake name, the sudden flight…the man wouldn’t make a poor impression in a Raffaello painting, dressed in a doublet. John chuckled mentally, and told himself sternly to cut it (out) with the bad poetry. It was the only way to be sure that such ridiculous fantasies wouldn’t slip out once he found the man in question. Even if he appreciated art, the former soldier doubted that anyone would enjoy being told he looked like a ghost.
Right now, though, he didn’t want to hook up with anyone. He wanted Sherlock Holmes, the only one in the world. Or at least he hoped—it was awful enough that one child had to carry such a burden. At least to get better acquainted with him, even if things went nowhere. And this meant sending him that message he’d promised. As brilliant as the man was, you couldn’t expect him to read John’s mind, and when he wasn’t even there to boot.
Their suspect was home, and let them in. The young man, almost as tall as Sherlock, wore a cartoon t-shirt and shorts. “Everyone’s asleep,” he mumbled (bless his friend for translating again), “can’t study right now. Too hot. We don’t have drugs, don’t have cars, of course we don’t in this forsaken place, and whatever you think I’ve done, you’re wrong. There. Can I go back to bed now? I have art to actually work on once it's possible to breathe.”
“Prepare for heaven,” Gemma said, with an exaggerated flourish, in front of the door to her recommended place. “Oh, and one last question—if you prefer, I can sit by myself at a neighbouring table. I can’t exactly give you complete privacy, but, you know.”
"Well, how can we agree on when to go for a coffee otherwise? Unless you want to go immediately. But even in that case, I have a feeling I'll want to see you again."
His genius didn’t need it repeated, but allowed himself one Parthian shot. “And this confirms that you do.”
Taking a decision was one thing. Going through with it, he discovered, was quite another. Sherlock stared at his phone, striding up and down his stifling room…until his distraction made him walk into the corner of the dresser. Surprisingly sharp, for old furniture. The journalist swore loudly, hopping for a few seconds, and reflexively clutching his phone to avoid dropping it. So hard, in fact, that it was odd he didn’t crack the screen.
“We just need to ask you a few questions,” the agent said, “if it’s okay.”
“Our complaints have nothing at all to do with your eating, or lack of it. I figured out what you’re so obsessed about, and I promise you’re wrong. Even with Italian food, we can hit the sweet spot where you’re sated and don’t immediately fall prey to total abbiocco,” she insisted.
He’d noticed it along the way—more like noticed the archaic spelling, actually.
Sherlock, instead, seemed to be mostly looking around at his own whim. As for John, he tried to imagine what would have happened in the rooms when they were more than a museum (or in some cases, a glorified warehouse—art warehouse, sure, but still) and people actually lived in here. Their guide’s arrogance was fitting for a place where nobles lived, for sure. But according to what Livia was recounting before, a lot more plotting, dancing, feasting and even fucking would have enlivened the rooms, besides the art collecting and commissioning the professor was lecturing about. That’d be much more interesting than which architect planned which bloody brick during the bloody Renaissance.
“Have the other forensics examined the kitchen?” Sherlock rumbled in Italian.
The current stressful situation called for some serious sweetening, so the journalist ordered a Marocchino: coffee, cream and cocoa powder. In short order, both of them received their cups and carried them to a table. They eyed each other’s choices with surprise. John’s black coffee could be a consequence of not knowing all the options, or their Italian names. But there was no justification, in Sherlock’s eyes, for avoiding any and all sweeteners; John couldn’t very well claim that he didn’t recognise a sugar packet. What kind of twisted man honestly enjoyed bitterness?
The professor finally hissed, “Leave. Now.”
“So…is she awesome, or what?” Matteo asked, nearly walking into a tree.
“Challenge accepted,” John said. The two sealed the pact with a vigorous handshake.
"No." John's tone is...surprisingly forceful, which he really should know by now will only have the opposite effect. "You're not going to cyberstalk an unfortunate soul who has better things to do in real life than – post comments online."
“And this is your first crime scene?” she asked, not moving to open the door. She sounded slightly breathy, which puzzled John a bit.
“To prove you wrong? I bet it doesn’t happen often. Besides, I did book a room. I won’t pester you, promise, not if you don’t want me to. But a holiday before going back might not be a bad idea anyway,” John said. “See you around, Sherlock Holmes.”
"No." Sherlock ran away. Again. And this time his sentence didn't even make sense. Was he denying his own charm? The fact that John could ever be tolerable, much less pleasurable to be around? Damn. This was why the former soldier tried to seize him. Trying to have a conversation with the man was like trying to chat with a finch. Both flew away at a moment's notice, no matter how non-threatening you thought you were.
Then, potassium chromate and sulphuric acid. His professors would have lectured him for using them without proper precautions, but how could he be expected to worry about such details when he had much more pressing subjects to debate? One drop of mercury, and…there. The solution was beating, leaning towards the now lonely pin he held above it.
Once again, John experienced a little mishap, which prompted a Very Important Note to Self. Pepperoni gets you the veggie pizza. Also, feel free to devolve to pointing unless sure of what you’re saying, nobody will glare at you for being rude. He was surprised by the sheer size of the slice—it looked as if you could have used a whole pizza as a tablecloth—but the taste… Eating a pizza tablecloth didn’t sound like a bad option, if this was what you got.
"I thought – my mistake." He's about to run away, even quicker than he climbed up, but a hand traps his arm. He's going to have to give more answers than that. Fine. Maybe he can learn where he's gone astray, then.
Sherlock grinned and took cover in the delightfully cool concourse of the palace.
“It’s
The chemist refuses to give it to her, but then she takes a paper out of her bag. “Oh sorry Ma’am, you should have said that you had a prescription!”
It was Livia’s turn to giggle. “Don’t give him ideas! I’m just an art student, you know. And Sergio’s grades are actually better than mine.” She nodded towards the boy sitting with her.
Cecchini waved them off. “Take your brother away, Mr. Holmes. And I expect you to resolve any family matters like reasonable people, from now on.”
With that, she walked away, and Sherlock promptly forgot about feeling awkward. Despite the menu listing the ingredients of each plate in English, too, John was asking his advice, as if he were an Italian cuisine expert. An admirer, yes. For a true connoisseur, they'd have to ask Mycroft...and he absolutely wasn't going to text his brother.
His heart was pounding in his chest and he had never been more mortified in all his life. Please, he thought desperately, please let this be something John would be happy to never acknowledge or discuss.
He now saw that the number had been written out on a piece paper, left next to the phone. The ‘M’ in Moriarty in bold, written larger than the other letters.
They all agreed to these terms, and the Colonel concluded their meeting. They spilled out into the hallway, and Lestrade began to bring them their coats, making sure to drop David’s on the ground ‘by accident’ with Gladstone growling at him from behind Lestrade’s legs.
“And what moments in your young life do you want kept forever?” Watson asked.
John wet his lips, not knowing what else to say, but reluctant to end the call. The thought of never seeing each other again at once felt wrong.
“Hi, this is John calling from—” John barely had the time to say, before a syrupy, breathless voice was asking if he liked being called ‘daddy’.
Lestrade’s laugh in response was resigned. “Don’t I know it.”
“They’ll settle in a moment,” Sherlock snapped, holding the arm behind his back.
He abruptly knelt up on the window seat, and wrapped his arms around John’s shoulders. He buried his nose in the crook of John’s neck, and John immediately held him back tightly.
At Baker Street, it was mini-bags in a mini-fridge and bedroom confinement.
reputation, in particular.
The Colonel appeared taken aback. “I would have thought it would be for Mr Watson to take issue with the verdict. What exactly is the evidence you’ve mentioned?”
John paused to lift the piece of meat in his fork and knife, and reached over to place it on his plate.
Sherlock’s movements cease and his voice takes on a softer quality when he speaks again to say, “I suppose one might not mind odd things happening when you think it’s your loved one’s ghost.”
As soon as John reached the end of the email, he hit reply. His mortification spurred him to respond, what little good it would do. SH thought he was an idiot, obviously, which bothered him a lot more than it should have.
Despite all this, John would never have described himself as suicidal. If he occasionally looked at a gun for a moment too long, or leaned over an oceanside cliff too far, it was nothing more than a dalliance. Watsons were made of sturdy stuff, as his late father would have reminded him, and there’d never been a death by that means in the family. John was certain he would never commit such a drastic action, if only because he couldn’t imagine putting Harry through it (or so he told himself).
John could just make out the outline of a man through the front window, a familiar silhouette, practically memorised since his infancy. Sherlock was sitting in the window seat, clearly meant for two, as if he was waiting for someone to join him.
“Or what?” John questioned. “A human hybrid of some kind?”
Sherlock realized that he had truly made the largest error one could make - reasoning without all the facts. John, John, who was always so gentle with him, always so careful, trying to do right by him, but not knowing how, and not knowing what it was he wanted. John, all this time thinking that his husband had made a rash decision, that he regretted the marriage, that he didn’t
Sherlock hesitated. “There’s something my kind can…. do. Something that I think will be the quickest fix, rather than taking you back to the base in pain, and seeing what the Hudson is equipped for.”
He had once been mistaken for Sebastian’s friend, which had been an embarrassment for them both. Wilkes had since learned the art of communicating his companion wasn’t to be thought of at all. Which is why it was particularly surprising that Watson continued to stand, and for him to take it upon himself to signal the waiter instead.
Moriarty raised his brows, as if suggesting there wasn’t much to watch. Or maybe that was him filling in the blanks.
The voice in his head (that was annoyingly similar to Mycroft) pointed out this was self-inflicted.
He caught up to John as they reached the lawns, and they walked on to the house in continued silence. John was stoic, but he could still tell John was chastising himself for what had happened. But what aspect?
“No, no, I need to understand it this way. An accident, an accident,” he murmured, trying to make sense of it. John killing his beloved Mary,
“Ms Watson has been here for some time,” Moriarty said abruptly. “Her car drove up shortly after twelve.”
And there it was.
“What’s the other address?” John asked, looking at the four quadrants of the diamond wheel.
“Oh?” John said. “That’s a rather long list. What’s first on it I wonder?”
“There is no public path that goes to that cove,” John confirmed. His grip on his cane was tight, considering he no longer needed it.
Moriarty’s voice was unremarkable beyond its faint Irish accent, which was at odds with the heavy hand the man had left hanging in his own. Moriarty’s hollow eyes never looked away from him, not for a moment, even while addressing John in an easy manner about the meaningless events that had passed in his absence. The stare was so unusual, and yet he felt he was the only one able to see how empty the eyes looking back at him were. Eventually he cut his gaze to John, searching for his reaction. However, once he’d lost the contest of holding Moriarty's gaze, the hanging hand gripped his with excessive force, before pulling away. He felt strangely like he had failed some kind of test.
“But you won't tell him?” he asked.
John looked at him in amazement, wonder, and Sherlock realized now, with honest, open affection. John looked at him with love, and it was the way John had always looked at him.
“Precisely. He was jealous of his brother in more ways than one. Out of his frankly terrifying devotion for our client, he continued his brother’s tradition of leaving her a dianthus from the garden.”
John leaned up and kissed him once, incredibly chaste, considering their relative positions. And then, slowly, John realigned and pressed against his entrance. The pace of it would have driven any reasonable person to absolute distraction. Sherlock felt his body begin to give way, but not enough, and the discomfort of the act made itself known. John retreated, and then pushed back again. Sherlock, willing every muscle to relax, allowed himself to be breached. It was uncomfortable, at the start, but he had expected that. His senses were capable of intense focus, and when met with the reality of John being
A little old lady with advanced osteoporosis and a thick wool jumper the colour of peonies, who opened the door with a confused expression. They were not expected.
“On the contrary, I actually remember you very well,” Watson said with a smile that suggested it was very likely not a positive recollection. Before Wilkes could trap him in a rehashing of this apparent first meeting, he handed Wilkes a cigarette and lit it for him. Watson did not take one for himself (peculiar, for a gentleman). He couldn’t help but respect the strategy. He too would have done anything to keep Sebastian’s mouth distracted from speaking.
The first cut was shallow, and John’s only indication of discomfort was a hiss as the blade went through the skin. Sherlock blotted it with cloth immediately. His actions were precise, attempting to hide his nervousness behind his now well practiced entry. The first shard was found easily enough, and delicately lifted from the tissue with tongs that had received the same treatment as the scalpel. John’s body had formed its own scar tissue around the foreign object. Sherlock wondered if John would be made uncomfortable by him studying it later. Probably, but with likely no intention of stopping him.
Updates will likely be weekly and on Sunday evenings, see you again next week  ~
“John, I’m coming in with you.  I will sit there for seven hours or seven days, it doesn’t matter how long,” Sherlock said, opening the door for John and motioning for him to pass through. John thankfully accepted his determination.
“But I’ve been given such clear instructions.”
Sherlock needed to think on his feet.
Watson had an extremely expressive face. He felt he could read anything from it, like a written text, and yet he could misunderstand every word if he were not careful.
“Admittedly, it is a rather nice look,” he said, to soften the blow. John turned to fully face him then, with a warm smile spreading across his (truthfully, very handsomely tanned) face. He couldn’t look away despite his awareness that others were watching. For as long as he held John's attention, he would bask in it.
You look wretched, and I don’t want to see you like that, I -”
“People accused me of giving Mrs Watson a leaking boat,” the boat builder stated, clearly feeling the injustice of it smartly. “- which was simply untrue! I lost good work over it. So, I went to go see the ship the other day, to see if my work had been just as I remembered it. And it was! Nothing wrong with it at all. And the diver said they found it on sand, did she not? The boat didn’t strike the ridge, and no signs of it either. So if the boat couldn’t have hit the ridge, how did all those holes get in the planking? It wasn’t done by the ridge or any kind of rock, sir. They looked man-made to me.”
“I know things about you that I could very well expose, things that might make you regret making me your enemy. One might think you’d lost your head.”
When he caught John’s eyes, that feeling shifted dramatically. Sherlock had expected John to perhaps be light-headed from blood loss, pale, woozy. Instead, his cheeks were flushed, rosy pink as if the blood in his body had only pumped harder in response to its loss. His eyes had never seemed so dark. His lips were parted, breaths coming in short, quiet pants. The tip of his tongue was visible, just touching the corner of his lip.
Sherlock was still thinking of the graveyard, but was trying to remember the falls.
“The act maybe, yeah, but not so much the motive,” John continued.
If he had been restricting himself from the wing out of respect, it was out of character. However, fearing what he might find there was even more illogical, so it must have been the former. Whichever it was, it was all rather foolish.
It wasn’t that he was afraid of it. He simply preferred it this way. (Mycroft would have begged to differ).
“You didn’t mean to kill her, obviously, it was an accident,” he stated, his hands releasing John momentarily to gesture along with his train of thought. “If it comes out, perhaps we can use that….”
“John H. Watson. You’ve written his name down about a hundred times on that slip of paper. Also I’m not sure if Humbringgard is even a real surname. Unlikely middle name candidate I’d say.”
“No, he’s still missing. Speaking of which, what else am I missing here?” John speaks with command, his ‘Captain Watson’ voice as Sherlock calls it, while walking briskly.
He dreamt he was on the other side of the gate, much like the night before -- except this time, John was with him. John held a key in his hand, and turned it in the lock attached to the chains wrapped round and round the iron. Sherlock thought perhaps John meant to open it -- but instead, John pulled on the chain to ensure it was still locked in place, before throwing the key into the nearby underbrush.
He drew away from the window, pulling the curtains closed as he went, and slipped back into bed. He had no interest in getting up, getting dressed, and pretending to bustle about the house. He wanted darkness, and time to be a bit mopey.
“What does that mean?” he asked. It came off defensive.
Sherlock’s heart sunk at the use of “yet”.
“What look?” he asked, wondering if John was just trying to pacify him.
The early morning dew on the petals of the rose garden beneath their window reminded Sherlock too much of dripping, red paint. He redirected his attention to the lawns that stretched out into the woods, and the Happy Valley beyond. Shortly, the gardeners would be on the grass, Gladstone nipping at their heels. Molly would prepare the masters’ breakfast, while Robert dropped the glassware, and the dusters would air the morning room and fill it with fresh lilacs, as they had been newly directed. Manderley went on regardless of what darkness occurred within its little world, and regardless of whether John, or he, was there to see it. Perhaps that at least was a small mercy.
“I had a good feeling,” John said, leaning in, as if sharing a secret, and Sherlock laughed.
Stepping outside, he could feel dewy grass beneath his feet, and a fresh breeze on his face. It certainly beat being stuck inside for the past few days.
“I suppose it’s good that Mrs Wilson is going to get her Princess Di back,” he replied, after swallowing a bit of low mein. “Though I might sympathise with Mr Wilson for hiding it, had I actually seen it.”
The library door shutting behind John once they were inside Manderley was more than enough of a confirmation.
“Captain Watson,” Sherlock finished, taking the offered hand. “Pleasure to make your acquaintance.”
“It’s surprising that you’re not more fearful of his kind, given your situation,” she murmured, her eyes resting on his shoulder.
> I’m usually pretty good at it, too.
John bristled, but wasn’t given an opportunity to interrupt.
“Okay. What was that about?” John asked, and judging by the smile Sherlock shot his way, Sherlock had hoped he would.
Just as John thinks he’ll have to fight him off from a clear disadvantage, Sherlock headbutts the man so hard from behind he goes crashing forwards. The knife flies from his hand, skittering across the floor.
John moved towards him, instinctively. John reached for his hand, gentle at first, and then squeezing, till Sherlock could feel their bones grind. Sherlock gripped back just as hard.
“How, then?” Watson asked.
John’s restless pacing along the footpath is thankfully interrupted by Greg and two other officers pulling up in the driveway.
“Dimension, yes, thank you, John,” Sherlock said, in that terse clipped tone which John had learned to not take personally. “Which doesn’t make any sense by the way. How is this possibly in six dimensions?”
“I gave you my number, I thought you might call. You have only to ring through to my room, you know, when you want me. It would only take a short while to have the rooms in readiness.”
Sherlock’s eyes still bore into John’s, his hand moving in and out, over and over, and Janine’s hand is pressing harder, stroking rapidly over top of Sherlock’s trousers, and he’s bucking into her hand, desperate, flushed and needy, when he starts to cry out “J -  “
John walked down the hall, appreciating that he no longer needed to climb stairs to reach the bedroom.
“Has he scampered off? Always leaving you alone in this big, old house. I wonder if this is a preclude to the grand departure?” Magnussen said, as if thinking aloud. “Gossip can be so damaging. And one cannot kill an idea, once it has been put into the minds of others. Much better to avoid it entirely, wouldn’t you say Mr Watson?”
he mouthed, definitely not knowing how to sign it.
“The Science of Deduction,” Harry read aloud. “Whatever the hell that is. Kind of sounds like something out of a story though, doesn’t it?”
John wanted to know what the fluid tasted like, and followed that instinct by slipping to his knees, enjoying his newly acquired freedom of motion. Once on the floor, he kissed the junction of Sherlock’s groin, close enough to the cock to feel some of it drip onto his shoulder.
“John, they don’t have any evidence against you, not yet,” Sherlock insisted, turning his head to speak over his shoulder. “By your account, no one saw you that night. You went to bed, and that’s all anyone can say as a witness. And, if you’re right, the reasons Mary cited for why you would never have been able to divorce her - your performances being too convincing to the public eye - will now be in your favour. They can’t prove anything against you.”
> But the cane DID have Margaret Thatcher’s face for a handle. How could I possibly make that up?
The room is unchanged from earlier in the day. Empty aside from an old bed and curtains. John’s heart feels heavy, slowly pounding in his chest.
“A horrible tragedy,” Wilkes had said in hushed tones over soup in bed, “the papers were full of it for ages. They say he never talks about it, never even mentions her name.  She was drowned you know, in the ocean, in the bay near Manderley...”
“And God, Sherlock how on earth did you stand being in there with him?” John asks, derailing them unintentionally.  The thought of Sherlock lying side by side with that creep for an entire day makes his skin crawl.
> Yeah, I’m reading that. “I’m only seeing this blog post now. This is a somewhat over romanticised recreation of the events, John. For one thing, I don’t remember Mrs Wilson swinging Margaret Thatcher souvenirs around her head like a helicopter, but far be it for me to influence your retelling.”
“They say the diver who went to investigate the ship found not just Mrs Watson’s boat, but also a body.” Moriarty hummed contemplative. “Why would there be a body, if Mrs Watson always sailed alone? Unless of course ….”
“Are you?” Sherlock repeated, albeit breathlessly.
Eventually, John went first.
“I was having a petty moment,” John said, but when the alarm sirens only grew louder and louder, they both started giggling.
It only occurred to John once his giggling had died down that he should probably be mortified. He’d said all those things, and worse, had meant them. John hadn’t been the one with his arse on display, but he still felt exposed, opened up under that piercing stare. Stranger still, he found he didn’t mind.
John laughed, and Sherlock grinned back. They fell into step with one another, even with John’s clunky walking, and returned to the Hudson in a comfortable silence.
Sherlock collapsing in this very living room. You may have to restart my heart.
, Mycroft would have corrected.)
Indian forgotten, John pushed the styrofoam container aside, and clicked a few too many times to open the message.
Moriarty’s appearance changed swiftly, from frightening smiles to fierce anger. “
“I don’t know,” John struggled. “You had… a different sort of expression. Your head… tilted.”
He knocks on it again to be sure. Something is behind it, or rather, something isn’t behind it, and of course there must be. He has never seen the back of the house but of course it would be extended to the same depth as the bedrooms on either side of it.
for it, and John found he was struggling to deny him the answer. Even if it was guaranteed that John was about to become significantly less interesting as a result.
Thanks as always to Bruna & Robin for deleting all my commas, and to Fae, who screamed "Whom" all over the doc.
“It’s for you to make your own time, sir. I’m here to carry out your orders,” Moriarty responded, the submissiveness of the statement at odds with the superiority of his look.
To them he was known as Sherlock Holmes, as John had encouraged him to use his bachelor name in his work for discretion. Decidedly English, no one connected that name with Watson of Manderley and his
He couldn’t restrain himself any longer, and wrapped John up in his arms as tightly as he was able, and bent his head to kiss John’s face, his right eyebrow, his left cheek, the skin beneath his left eye -
“Yes hello, can you send someone out to tell Sebastian Wilkes to come see me in my room? Tell him it’s John Watson. You’ll find Wilkes out front.”
That was fine though, as he didn’t think of John as a father or a brother.
“Oh my God,” John managed before he was pulling himself out of his own jeans in record time. He didn’t have it in him at the moment to feel any shame about wanking himself off onto Sherlock Holmes’ living room carpet, not if Sherlock Holmes was going to say
“Hmm, I don’t think he’ll be trying that again,” Sherlock hummed, returning to his earlier closeness to John, till he could rub himself against John’s bare skin. There wasn’t any more talking after that, though John did in fact growl when Sherlock nipped at the lobe of his ear. John’s kisses and touches alternated between being bestowed with ferocious energy, to the softest gentleness, keeping Sherlock always surprised, and distracting him considerably. Sherlock writhed against John, and in the process against the towel beneath him, reminding him that his end goal was to have John inside him, rather than rutting off against each other. While not breaking the kiss, Sherlock fished for the misplaced bottle in the sheets, and pushed it into John’s hand against his shoulder. “Now John,” he demanded, rolling onto his back, spreading his legs, and motioning for John to proceed.
John wasn’t sure how someone with wet, pink nipples on display and a bed sheet pooled around his waist could come across as haughty, but this man accomplished it with ease.
Before he did something he’d regret, John was marching towards the castle door.
Sherlock’s silence stretched out even longer than the pause following the first question.
“It was a lucky thing for you I had the influenza. I realize now how you spent your time. Tennis lessons, truly! You might have told me, you know.”
John was grinning ear to ear, feeling like a little kid in a candy shop. “Nice place,” he thought to mention, once Sherlock had ushered him into the living room, dinner never mentioned again.
“Well, thanks for sending me out here alone then with that distinct possibility on the horizon,” John said, voice rising at the end.
Sherlock nodded, and gripped John’s knee with his other hand tighter. He alternated between thoughts on Moriarty, and on John. John sitting pale next to him, exhausted and from then on, silent. Sherlock had memorized their route from the map earlier that morning, and directed John through the streets only once they neared London. It was fitting that they had returned to their previous roles from their long Monte drives, the ending reflecting the start.
As he sat down for dinner that evening with John, he was still thinking on the costume, and fantasizing about his entrance to the ball. It would be like transforming himself, and at the opportune moment to strike. Give John his old Manderley back, and then present himself as the confident partner who would lead them out of the dark past. He imagined for a moment how Mary would have come down the stairs, poised, calm, and cool. Moriarty and Mary were tightly linked to him now, and in his mind’s eye she possessed perhaps similar traits. The ability to change personalities at the drop of a hat, taking charge of every situation with subtlety and grace. Seeing through someone in moments, and using it to charm or destroy them.
> Urgent mysterious work by night. Do you mind if I ask what you do?
“And a half? Six years and four months, to be exact. I came here when Mr Watson’s first spouse was a bride,” Moriarty said, and his mouth, which had previously been in a hard unmoving line, was turned up harshly at the corners, and his dull, bored voice transformed with unexpected animation.
But—it was entertaining, goading Sherlock Holmes. John almost felt giddy just speaking to him, let alone actually knowing something that Sherlock didn’t. By the novels’ accounts, it rarely ever happened.
“Shit,” John said, feeling like a complete tit. “I’m sorry, I shouldn’t have—Just ignore that.”
Of course he had; it was how they spent many an evening.
John obliged him, uncapping the bottle and spreading oil onto his fingers. Sherlock widened his legs further in encouragement as John got up on his knees to move between them. He couldn’t show nervousness, or John would back off once again. John rubbed his bent knee with his unlubricated hand, and Sherlock blew a hasty breath through his nose. “Please, John,” he said, sliding his feet up the bed, attempting to put himself on display.
He eventually reached the door that he recalled Moriarty appearing from behind, the first time he had gone snooping. Based on his judgments made from the outside of the house, the position of the room would make it the one whose windows looked out upon the lawns to the sea.
John had expected gloominess, the mystery of the black quadrant leaving him with the impression that the place must have somehow been sinister. He had wondered if it led to the wastes of Belgravia perhaps, or maybe simply nothingness, just sheer darkness on the other side of their door step.
the man signed immediately.
“It’s not like I intended to keep anything from you,” John said, dropping the cloth and crossing his arms over his chest, sleeves rolled to his elbows. “There was a lot to tell, and not all of it relevant. I don’t even know if she was telling the truth.”
At his blank stare, John dropped his paper. “Oh my God!” John laughed, as if he was unable to contain himself. “You really don’t, do you? But the two of you are always talking!”
The gloves that he had quickly stashed in his pockets slipped out at this moment, and Moriarty, with an action that could only be seen as in keeping with his duties, bent to pick the gloves up. As Moriarty returned the gloves to him, he could swear there was a smile about his lips that didn’t speak of politeness. Something in the expression of his face was peculiar, but it would have been impossible for him to articulate what. Moriarty receded into the line of servants, but he still stood out amongst them, the man’s eyes still wholly attuned to him.
Very! But you probably want more than that. It’s as if I’ve spent all my life at best just grazing the top of content, glad, appeased, but with you, it’s—it’s—
There was no subtlety in the way Moriarty spoke of ‘this wing’. Moriarty may as well have outright stated the suite they were in was somehow inferior.
“You needn’t go now. In fact, I’d prefer you didn’t, as I would at least like to explain my actions, though you will likely think me even more foolish for them.”
“Upset enough that you might suspect her mental health was suffering?” the Colonel asked, hopeful.
That joke was getting rather tired. “I think it’s time you took off, if you had any intention of reaching London by a decent hour.”
“Do you deny that you were going to suggest it?” Sherlock asked, eyes narrowing to slits. “If not tonight, then after what happened tomorrow? You would have brought it up. That it could be annulled.”
There are no sightings of The Man the next day, or the day after that. Luck, however, does strike on his third consecutive attempt. (Third time’s always the charm). The Man is sitting down again but has clearly given up on the paperback.
“And? What was his response?”
There. That should do it. Before he could rethink it, John pressed send. He stood from his chair and cracked his back, surveying his one room kingdom. He felt better having written the email. More optimistic, somehow. Life would continue, even if he called it quits with his (sort of) girlfriend. John decided to treat himself to some Indian, feed himself up. After making the call, he considered writing a blog post ("
Sherlock laid the emptied bag on his side table, and then swung his legs over the side of his bed. John would go on forever at this rate; he might as well let John in on the entire secret. “Shall I show you?”
He scoffed and climbed into the car.
“You’re not disappointed?” asked with a barely-there trembling in the lower lip.
John mouthed regardless, with a single shake of his head.
. “Before you get any ideas, just to be clear, I’m not a bot and I don’t speak bot. I’ll be unimpressed with you if you tear me open for fun.”
