I hope you don't find Mycroft's entrance too OOC, but I suppose that he would worry about his brother.
Sherlock's slowly fading voice turned into a whisper. " They wanted to know where to find you, but I haven't told them. I would never ever betray you, I had to keep you safe... "
It was late evening, something about half past eight when Sherlock Holmes ran down the stairs while buttoning his tight white shirt. He felt full of life, finally something fun to do! He was so happy he almost didn't mind wearing the skinny jeans - well, which didn't mean that he did not complain about it - John has put all Sherlock's black trousers in the laundry...
After a few unsuccessful attempts to calm down, he finally gave his emotions a free hand and released the bitter sobs from his tight throat.
The peaceful moment was ruined when John's mobile beeped and announced the new message.
John's eyes sparkled and he was trembling all over his body. " Shut up! SHUT THE FUCK UP! I could break your nose if I want to! One little word and I'm gonna do it! It was so important to me! But you can never understand this, you insufferable selfish machine! No wonder nobody likes you! " He shrieked and strode towards the door, stomping loudly, preparing to leave the house.
He didn't have time to finish his sentence, he was shut by a soft pair of lips which pressed against his. It lasted a couple of moments before John realised what was going on...
But there were moments when John saw right through him. He could see that his friend was bothered about the whole situation, but he didn't dare to talk bring it up. He had a bad feeling it was partially his fault, though he still couldn't understand why.
" Jesus, do you sleep with your phone as well? Or should I say with your creepy flatmate?!" Susan growled, her throat tightened in loathe.
She gasped as she fell on her back on the cold pavement, stuck under Sherlock Holmes. His manoeuvre surprised her and before she had time to collect, he was crawling away.
" You didn't have to, John, I'm fine..."
The detective still gaped at him with a surprised face, he couldn't understand why John wasn't panicking? Or screaming? Or cursing? John would do something like that...
Sherlock took a deep, shaking breath. " Hi, Myc. Can you come, please?"
Reconciled with the fact that he will have to walk around the flat just in the sheet, Sherlock wrapped the towel around his waist and opened the door.
But John didn't let him. " No please, tell me... I'm not going to laugh at you, I swear..." He fixed on him his big puppy eyes.
John looked so startled as he reached his fingers to his temples. " Shut your mouth! You know nothing!"
It was him, without a doubt, Sherlock's scared eyes of a deer in headlights were looking at him from his scared face. From much softer and fuller face than John remembered, with round cheeks and little double chin.
John read the last message and decided to ignore him. He locked his phone, putting it down on the table.
John raised his voice without even realising it, he just wanted to understand! With a speed of cheetah, he jumped out of his place and in a few strides closed the distance between them, grabbing Sherlock's shoulder and turning him around so he could see his face.
Look, he may be a 'High-Functioning Sociopath', but he isn't as strong as he looks like... He cares about what people think, even though he says he doesn't."
Well, as it seemed, Mary saw it in a different way... But beating him up? That was very cruel revenge.
(See the end of the chapter for
“You said you understood why Patrick Hilton wanted to die, when his husband did?”
First Dance –
“She’s had work on her face, but her hands give away her true age, which I would estimate at sixty, there’s not much can be done to hands to disguise age. Also you may note the index finger on her right hand is long, practically the same length as the middle finger, it is an unusual characteristic, and the older man’s hand is the same, making it almost certain that they are genetically related.
, Crowley thought. Instead of holding Sherlock’s interest for no more than an afternoon at most, the angel, in the guise of Ralph Fell, and the so-called sociopath, now appeared to be courting.  Aziraphale was never around when Crowley wanted him, it was all lectures at the Natural History Museum, or Paganini Violin Concertos at the Wigmore Hall, or afternoon tea at the Dorchester… and no time for his oldest friend.
“Oh, Mr Holmes, Dr Watson, I have had the Derbyshire constabulary on the telephone, they wish to interview you immediately. I had to tell them I was unaware of your location.”
“Don’t worry about them, go and get ready,” Sherlock said with conviction.
Lestrade leapt on that at once, “Sounds like the voice of experience.”
“Good night then Sherlock, John”
“It is merely a matter combining certain substances in the correct proportions and order, John,” Sherlock sounded defensive, “hardly rocket science.”
“Hey!”
John sighed; they were back to this “Sherlock I was very angry, I think I have either been angry or depressed most of the last ten years. I took out my anger with Mary and myself on you and I was wrong… Sherlock you did not kill Mary… Mary died saving your life, it was her choice”
The blinds were down, the shutters closed, and the door locked. Crowley was relieved to see Aziraphale had reverted to his old line of business, as a purveyor of rare and second hand books, however this was no consolation if he couldn’t get the angel to answer the door, he was tempted to change into his original shape and slither through the letterbox but he guessed that might alarm the passers-by. Instead, he tried knocking harder and let off a few sparks and a plume of smoke.
Sherlock smiled too.
“Only that he is rather young to have held such a position for that length of time.”
Danny pulled a face, but his Uncle was adamant. “You’ve got your phone? Got a signal?” the boy nodded “Right, if we are not back out in twenty minutes you phone the estate office, get them to raise the alarm. Got it?”
“Crowley!” Aziraphale exclaimed, “My dear boy! I thought it was you. Come in, come in do.” He shepherded his friend into the shop pausing only to bolt the door behind him.
“I know you know who she is.” Crowley slowly walked round Moriarty’s cell, “Quite a pad you have here, you like it, don’t you? No one bothers you, place to yourself.”
Observing with something akin to pride, Sherlock’s positive application of deduction in the service of his country.
“Except on Fridays, Sir.” The concierge wishes to assist this sorrowful looking gentleman, “If you wish to visit in the evening come back then.”
Deciding he would never cope with everything on the tube, he ordered a taxi and text Mrs Hudson to say they were on their way.
“Well, there’s your answer, get yourself invited to your friends again, I’m sure they’d be glad to have you.”
“Then we’ll be off. I’ll pick up a Chinese on the way home, and you’ll eat some whether you’re on a case or not. Come along Rosie, say goodbye to Sherlock”
“Young women marry old, rich men all the time, why should we be surprised when the genders are reversed? I should say that he is what my grandmother would have called a gigolo, I would put money, if you will excuse the phrase, on him being the source of the bargain basement engagement ring that the lady treasures and the son wants to rip from her finger.”
******
John smiled, “It’s fine, it was a good job and I liked it, but I like you more.”
“An interesting study,” the geography teacher said, “in nature versus nurture, one cannot help wondering if James Wilder had been brought up by one uncle rather than the other, if his life would have turned out differently.”
John flares up. “Yes, I’m aware. Your point?”
“John, you’re a soldier, it’s going take you a while to adjust to civilian life; your relationships with friends and family are significant in this”
“I’m… working”
“It’s not always like this.”
Sally knew her taste in men was lousy but she didn’t need a self-confessed sociopath to point it out, her mother and her sister were more than capable of doing that.
“Ugh, sounds like Mycroft”
“What Tesco related crisis is it now?”
No wonder her default setting these days was ‘monstrous’. Though when she heard her elder son imply that Sherlock’s bullet wound was just another incident of Sherlock’s endless ability to attract attention she finally flipped. “I've heard enough, this ends now.
“Hates me, does she?” Mary turned to address John, “Let’s stick her by the bogs.”
“Ah, brother mine. A small task for you, no legwork involved. Just any record of a marriage between Alexander Percival de Vere Beverley and a Joanna Wilder, any time between 1988 and 1989? Quick as you can.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock saw lights in the lane before he heard the car and made his way back inside. On his instruction all but the porch lights were dimmed, and only he, John, DI Martin and another plain clothes officer were in the hall, the door was left deliberately ajar. It was still before sunrise but with the faint light of the moon they could clearly see when the car arrived at the front of the house.
“He’s covering for someone.”
“You know full well. Everyone at the Yard is intrigued by your indefatigable good mood, plus they all claim to have put on five pounds through the cakes you keep buying them. Sherlock reports that his brother is insufferable as ever, but even I have seen Mycroft crack a smile twice, and not his scary one either.
“And you were not keen?”
Sherlock went up the three steps to the front door, with John just behind him, and rang the bell. After a couple of minutes, he rang the bell again, without response. Just as John was about to speculate as to the family’s absence or whether it was worth ringing the bell a third time, the door opened.
Sherlock paused, sniffed the card and pulled a face, “... bought at a petrol station. Look at the stamp, three attempts at licking. She’s obviously unconsciously retaining saliva.”
Mycroft Holmes, the most powerful man in the British Empire, and the heaviest, has fingers, both literally and metaphorically, in many pies.
“I’m not a GP but I don’t like the sound of your breathing, I would see your own doctor as soon as you can.”
“Very well… there are a couple of things we better get straight first.  A – I  want children… and B – If anyone asks… I'm the pretty one.”
“Do you think she’ll take it?”
Debbie laughed, “yeah, we all have friends like that. So, what do you want to know?”
Too happy to sleep, they lie entwined in the darkness, so very glad to have reached their destination after so many false starts and wrong turns.
“She’s moved to the south of France and taken the girls.” Mrs Hudson contributed, although this time did not name her source.
DI Somersby had arranged for Sherlock to speak to Paul Cloete by video link to the prison where he was being held. The lack of electricity at the hotel now meant that they now had to find another way to do this and Alice Baker had agreed to let them use the Wi-Fi at Boscombe Hall, where the power supply was unaffected.
Crowley plots and Sherlock takes a dip
In a last act of mercy, to spare his cherished brother pain, Mycroft’s final words are carefully designed to goad Sherlock into killing him. In detail and at length he dismisses as worthless the complex, courageous, noble man that is, John Watson
*****
“The police were looking for you.”
John supposed.
’, it ran to three reprints in the first month…”
John surveyed the wall, somehow having neither seen nor heard a sign of Sherlock for over three weeks, he had arrived at Baker Street after work to find that Mary was already there and that the sitting room of 221b had been turned into Wedding HQ. Sherlock had, it appeared stepped up to the plate regarding his best man brief and applied his creative but highly effective organisational skills to the subject of John and Mary’s wedding; every detail, from the canapés to the confetti was now under Sherlock’s meticulous management.
“Experience. You should never get involved with women, you always come off worst.”
He could tell the man was angry with him. Quite rightly, Sherlock was angry with himself.
“The police took him in for questioning, but that was routine, there was nothing to charge him with. The substitute gun jammed, and the real bullet was fired. Death by misadventure.”
There was the signet ring, worn on the middle finger of the right hand, made for a larger man, its engraving partially obscured through age but still clear to Sherlock as the regimental crest of the now defunct 8th Northumberland Fusilier Battalion. The man caught his gaze and twisted the ring nervously, even on his middle finger it was slightly loose. These were big boots Chris was having to fill. Not his father, Sherlock deduced but an older man, genetically a generation removed, grandfather then, grandfather the war hero.
“Colin Luce is our Company Sergeant Major, and a tartar, and certainly not my girlfriend.”
“She’s right you know, none of us are getting any younger, and that includes you. You should consider yourself lucky, a hundred and fifty years ago this would have been typhoid, or cholera, and no antibiotics to treat it. You can’t keep chasing down criminals on your own, running headfirst into danger, one day your luck is going to run out."
“Not…”
“I know, confusing isn’t it, you would think of all the names in the world they would go for a bit of variety. Let me see if I can explain…” she took another drag on her cigarette. “when I was growing up the duke was the seventh duke, Edwin, I think that was his Christian name, but I never heard it used. He was quite an old man when I was born, and his wife had already passed; he died when I was seven or eight. They had a handful of children, but only the boys counted,” she laughed and went on, “Lord Saltire, he became the eighth duke, Lord Arthur was his younger brother, quite a few years younger; he was the present duke’s father.
“Only one at a time.” He said in his most commanding voice pointing at the notice, the speed with which they acquiesced confirmed how used they were to taking orders, quickly and as if by ESP deciding who would leave.
“Because if he loved you he would have done something about it”
Sherlock raised a questioning eyebrow. “Step-father?”
He was interrupted from this reverie by Mrs Hudson saying, “Of  course you could always come with us, if you’ve nothing better to do.”
John’s mission continued, everywhere he went, and every patient he had at the clinic he would inquire of them the most unusual and singular names they knew, and would return home and say to his Darling, “Perhaps you are called Featherstonehaugh, or Montmorency or Sugarplum?” But the man would shake his head and say, “That is not my name,” (although he answered to ‘Sugarplum’ ever afterwards).
John despaired, “You know…
Rosie’s low grade grizzling which had been going on for most of the day reached a crescendo of crying by the time they got home from the park. He’d taken her out in the pushchair in the hope that she might drop off to sleep, instead all he’d achieved was to make her cold and wet as well as miserable.
There was a collective intake of breath from the other officers, as Sally paused for effect. There was more but the words died on her lips as she caught the briefest of shadows cloud Sherlock’s face before a mask came down.
“It’s just… that… I miss him.”
“Of course, I’m shocked.” John replied in an urgent whisper. “But it’s you copping off with Mycroft that shocks me, not the fact it’s a bloke.” John took another long draft of his beer and then added, “Though perhaps I shouldn’t be so surprised, there is something irresistible about a Holmes.”
Sherlock reading John’s face like a book quickly continued, “Conventional upbringing, brilliant mother, father less so but kinder, megalomaniac older brother, outlying relatives all rather eccentric. School horrendous, university not quite as bad, loose end ever since.”
“I care nothing about your given name, because I will call you amazing, and brilliant, and in my heart, I will call you precious, beloved. Now let’s get out of here.”
John’s heart lifted and sank at the same time, he momentarily wondered if there was a medical term for that.
John seemed to consider this for a moment, before nodding.
“Poppy seeds?” Sherlock enquired of John with a gleam in his eye.
“Are you ok?”
The mixture of exasperation and regret on the faces of his family when he’s with them.
“The police considered this an open and shut case, based on very little evidence, true Paul Cloete had been in the vicinity when his father was murdered, but the conviction rested on the evidence of Robbie Crowder that he had heard André Cloete call ‘Howzit’ in a manner usually reserved for his son. But Paul, was not the only South African in the neighbourhood and therefore he could have  been addressing his neighbour and old friend, Jack Baker.
Sherlock has embarked on his third stint in rehab since leaving university. He finds it every bit as tedious as the previous occasions and passes the time deducing the other inmates, their visitors and the staff, and enjoying the resultant mayhem.
He wants to know why he’s standing in a redundant Victorian graveyard when a man more recently deceased is speaking from every billboard, TV screen and mobile in the country.
“Yes, but that was your life or death”
“Sherlock, are you decent?”
The Christmas puddings, one large two small, were in their basins and covered with muslin cloths ready for their first steaming, and Mrs Hudson and Sherlock were sitting down to a well-earned cup of tea when they heard the door knocker.
“Something else has happened.”
Mycroft gave his usual smile reserved for indulging the hard of thinking.
Early in their association Sherlock had unexpectedly warned Ralph Fell that his brother might kidnap him. Aziraphale had found the whole suggestion preposterous but had subsequently been aware that the CCTV cameras did seem to move on their own accord when he was in the street, and he had been conscious on more than one occasion of a car following him through Soho and had been forced to use his supernatural abilities to avoid any inconvenience. But this evening he took his hastily prepared sign and walked to the corner of Old Compton Street and stood, holding it, in full view of the CCTV cameras there. He realised he must look rather strange when a passer-by pressed a crumpled five-pound note into his hand, but just as he was beginning to wonder if he had miscalculated a sleek, black Daimler drew up at his side. Aziraphale got in.
“For mortals, perhaps, but for us it is a challenge. We have all the time in the world, at least until either your lot or my lot decide to play games again. Your list will never be completed, there will always be new things to add, somewhere a new sushi master is being born, while a four-year-old genius is tuning her violin ready for her Albert Hall debut in ten years’ time.
“What are you going to do about it?”
“Amazing…I didn’t have a clue… only seen him wear a tie once in eight… oh hello you.”
Mary stifled a laugh, and instantly felt more secure, they, whoever they might be, would hardly have chosen a florist’s as a rendezvous with a contact who was allergic to pollen.
It was dusk when the two men arrived at Mackleton station and Dr Huxtable quickly secured a taxi to the Priory School some eight miles away.  The car took them into the heart of the Peak country and Sherlock peered out into the gloom, trying to understand the attraction of the place that, for the past six months, John had called home. It was in such severe contrast to the lights and noise of London. The taxi swung into the gravel forecourt of the school and pulled up next to a Daimler that was parked in the place allocated to visitors. Sherlock got out and stretched his legs while Dr Huxtable paid the driver.  Immediately the main door open and a young man, obviously another teacher, ran to the Headmaster and whispered something in his ear. Dr Huxtable turned to Sherlock in considerable agitation.
Sherlock felt the back of his neck grow hot.
“I’m not very good at all this, it takes me a long time to join up to dots, to read the signals. By the time I am ready the person in question has invariably moved on.
John spent the day becoming increasingly more irate with his git of a flatmate. He felt thwarted at every turn. Greg had phoned to say that they had arrived in Aberdeen but there were no flights or trains available. They had decided to hire a car as far as Edinburgh and to take stock when they got there. The conditions were still poor, and progress was slow. Greg sounded thoroughly fed up again while the others sounded as if the were having a wale of a time, Sally and Amy were already referring to themselves as Thelma and Louise.
Sherlock guessed Mycroft had been working out but resisted the temptation to rib him about it. There were more serious matters to discuss.
In all honesty the experiment could easily have been left for an hour but Sherlock had a more pressing reason to want the flat to himself for a while. It did not need a genius consulting detective to deduce that John was mithered over something. He was distracted, his brow creased, he worried his bottom lip far more than was usual. It was obvious that he was hiding something from his flatmate and as a result Sherlock was determined to uncover it as a matter of urgency. The game, for what it was worth, was on.
“Well, that settles it, you are going to have to try to remember Greg’s name, if he is going to be your brother-in-law.”
John couldn’t hold in his curiosity, “Off out again? I have hardly seen you this week.” He immediately regretted the words; he wasn’t Sherlock’s husband. He tried again.
“Wait a moment…” Sherlock reached for his laptop. “Let me open the attachment and I’ll call you straight back”
After her nap, and a short brisk walk, Sherlock settled Watson in her highchair with some play dough so he could talk to her while he did a little work on a corporate fraud case he had taken on for an associate of Sebastian Wilkes. He didn’t like the man in question, and the case was dull, but he had been offered a five-figure sum for a successful conclusion and in the present circumstances that was a sufficient incentive. Sherlock engaged Rosie in a helpful little chat about the proceeds of crime and money laundering before texting the name of the obvious perpetrator to his client.
, John thinks,
“No, it’s nothing to do with those, and anyway I’ve lived with them for months, years even.”
“Let’s warm up with the basic box step, I’ll lead you copy… watch my feet… follow… one two three, two two three, three two three, four two three… keep your eyes on my feet, and again.”
Much later, lying in bed in the darkness, surprisingly awake for two sleepy people, Sherlock in what he had decided was his favourite sleeping position, on his left side with his arm draped over John’s chest. Quietly talking about the things that mattered to them most and the events that had brought them thus far.
John knew exactly what was going through the detective’s head “Don’t get excited; you’d need to eat an awful lot of cake to get you high!”
He ran his hand thoughtfully over his face but decided against a shave.
“That’s better!” She announced with some satisfaction, “Now, I have some chicken soup downstairs if you feel up to it, and your doctor agrees.”
“Well, Greg, you dark horse, you’ve kept this under your hat, you lucky dog,” John said as cliché followed cliché; he could tell without looking at him that Sherlock was rolling his eyes.
******
John chalked the wall inched forward a few paces before dropping to his hands and knees again. It occurred to him that it was getting lighter, but he had been fooled more than once before by the faintest shafts of light that briefly appeared through crevasses in the cave roof. He cupped his hands and drank as much water as he could manage.
John gathered that they were talking about the death of Major Beckworth, Dinah Shepherd’s third husband.
John was tempted, he was on leave, it would be good to spend some time with Sherlock, he was conscious that he had not seen much of his old friend since his return and more, it would give him a break from the wedding planning.
Aziraphale face lit up, “You are right, if we can just nudge him in the right direction, that might do the trick. Thank you, Crowley, perhaps all is not lost, after all?”
“No, I took it off.”
Sherlock, although not medically trained, assessed the situation with a glance.
The tube train was rammed, delays on the Jubilee line apparently, and problems at Edgware Road. John parked himself in a corner, with a pole to hang on to and settled in for the twenty-five-minute journey home.
The case was difficult and while ultimately it came to a satisfactory conclusion, it succeeded, as nothing else had, in wiping the smile from Lestrade’s face. Sherlock seemed to be the only person who was disinterested in the Inspector’s underlying good mood, perhaps because he was the only person who could be certain of the cause. He never mentioned it, although he was quite happy to take his share of the doughnuts when the Met finally apprehended the suspect.
Sherlock was casually dismissive of cryptic crosswords preferring real life mysteries but he always responded to the challenge to succeed where others had failed. Picking up the paper again he started to play around with the words in his mind palace. ‘A thing of beauty, a wonder to behold’ so that was the first part of the clue, the answer being in the second ‘with raven hair and eyes of gold’ struck out. An anagram possibly? The Raven by Edgar Allen Poe, an author Sherlock considered sufficiently worthy to have resisted deletion. Au, the symbol for gold? Another possibility.
“How long ago was this?”
“That implies your brain was awake in the first place”
Sherlock’s response is to screech aggressively with his violin for half an hour sending his brother scuttling to his club. But inwardly Sherlock concedes Mycroft is right, he cannot afford another flat on his slender means. While Mycroft controls his funds he is as trapped as he was in the hospital.
Noting with resignation that Sherlock hardly eats, or sleeps, or socialises.
“Anagrams too I believe. Perhaps you would like to try your hand at this one.” Sherlock took the notebook and pencil and quickly wrote Ian B Moody ?/??/??????
Of course he does, in fact John is beginning to think there’s no end to this extraordinary creature’s knowledge.
“And keep you company for five minutes, till you head off with some honey who takes your fancy.”
As a parent he was at his wits’ end.
John lay in the bed feeling slightly guilty that he was at least comfortable and warm while Sherlock was sat in the chair, but he wasn’t sure what to do about it. He supposed he could offer to top and tail?
“The bicycle.”
Aziraphale beamed, he could always be persuaded in the direction of food.
Molly looked blank but Simon, standing out of her line of vision, wordlessly lifted the index and middle fingers of his right hand to his pursed lips, and then, holding the fingers slightly apart, moved them back and forth from his face in the universal signal for smoking a cigarette.
Reluctantly, he turned away from the stile and followed Aveling back through the gate and up the drive to the school building. Aveling wittered something about dinner, but Sherlock ignored him,
The doorman secured a taxi for Mrs Hudson, Molly, Rosie and Simon, and it appeared they were all going back to Baker Street for supper. As the taxi disappeared along the Strand, John and Sherlock stood in silence in the cold night air neither wanting to go back inside just yet.
It’s survival of the fittest when you find yourself at sport with Culverton Smith. John thinks the drug addled Sherlock’s just been played. For the detective that’s all part of the master plan, the strategy to bring down the most dangerous, the most despicable human being that he has ever encountered with a hidden card, a secret weapon – the cereal killer’s own flesh and blood.
The case has already piqued Sherlock’s interest, he agrees.
Quite a few minutes passed in silence before Sherlock spoke again.
“I’ve phoned Mrs Evans from my book club, her husband’s going to pop round after church with a high chair, they look after their grandson twice a week, and she doesn’t mind me borrowing it. And I have something else here,” Mrs Hudson produced a wooden walker complete with building bricks, “I was going to give it to Rosie for Christmas but as you’re here now…”
Crowley placed his hand on the door, and it swung open. He was immediately assailed by such an array of colour and scent that he unconsciously took a step backwards that landed him outside again on the Soho pavement.
“You’re having dinner with Dinah?”
Arriving at the scene Sherlock makes short work of the SOC officers and of the case itself. He rattles off a series of seemingly random deductions that cannot possibly be substantiated while simultaneously displaying all the symptoms of a man high on something. Lestrade can only hope it’s life.
“I take it you two are acquainted.”
The man answered but his voice was too low for John to make out the reply.
Mycroft didn’t reply but he replaced the paper on the desk.
John had always known that the floor plan of the house in Baker Street was way bigger than just his room but had never given it much thought; these old houses were full of idiosyncrasies. He assumed there was some kind of loft space the other side of the partition wall but the technicalities of it had been none of his business.
Ralph Fell had proved every bit as much of an enigma as Irene Adler, but without the mind games and the underlying battle for dominance. A thoroughly genuine, decent, well-bred Englishman, the sort where what you saw was what you got… except that in the case of Ralph Fell, Sherlock was still convinced that what you saw was an illusion.
Simon’s head flew up, instantly alert, and he dropped Molly’s handbag.
Crowley wasn’t entirely convinced of the plan, but thought his angel needed some encouragement.
“They’re getting divorced. It was in the
******
“Tea?”
“I think, Mr. Holmes, it is time that we were leaving for Euston.”
“For both of us” John added, then smiled, “case is over now, Sherlock.”
Struggled with this one so 'It's for a case' will have to do.
Which he matched with an old grey shirt.
******
” There was a low hum of traffic in the background and John sounded slightly out of breath.
Merry Christmas
“Yes... No… No… I hope so”
“Really? You seemed more pleased to see your bicycle.”
They had been carried away the day of the wedding, him and Mary, high on endorphins (and adrenaline too, after the incident with James Sholto), they’d never even talked about whether they wanted children, yet there they were, not two become one but two become three. Trust a doctor and a nurse to slip up like that, and Sherlock to guess before either of them. Of course once they knew they had a baby on the way, there was no going back, and he’d been delighted, well most of the time.
When he returned Mary Sutherland was filling in the doctor with the story of her lost love and her previous visit to the fortune teller.
******
“Very isolated, Mr Holmes and I don’t think it likely they would have heard the helicopter as it lies in the opposite direction to Norwich”
“Yes, Jack Baker had known André Cloete’s wife back in Natal; the Cloetes had been married some years without children and their marriage was going through a difficult patch, Jack was unmarried, the inevitable happened. Helene Cloete asked Jack to go away, he was already in half a mind to leave South Africa anyway so he sold up and moved to England, little expecting that André would do the same after Helene died three years later.
They sipped their whiskies, both unbeknown to the other transported back to their days in Baker Street.
******
“If we let human nature run its course they’d all still be living in caves and dying of smallpox! And as for not altering the future… that ship’s already sailed.”
“Perhaps a hot drink?” The soldier gave an officer’s glare in Sherlock’s direction. Reduced to a servant in his own home Sherlock thought irrationally but went to put the kettle on and set about making tea from his meagre supplies.
“You’re up to something.”
John made up for this by kissing his Sherlock some more.
Sherlock was never put off easily.
This elicited protests but Mycroft was unmoved. “Certainly not.”
Sherlock and John vetoed a honeymoon.
Clara is in Geneva to present a paper on human trafficking and will be away for three days. Time enough for Harry One to enjoy a much needed session and for Harry Two to destroy the evidence.
The soldier and his beloved moved into a shabby but very comfortable little flat in London and they lived very happily there together. The beloved continued to use his amazing powers to solve crimes while John became less of a soldier and more of a doctor as time went on (although he never completely left the soldier side of him behind).
“I will need to make a thorough search when we arrive.” Sherlock stated, then relapsed back into his thoughts. He knew John, or at least he had, if John had witnessed anything, he would have intervened whatever the personal risk. Despite Dr Huxtable’s unspoken suspicions Sherlock knew that John would always rush in where angels feared to tread. The idiot.
Something in the Doctor’s voice, regret (?) made Sherlock lower his eyes. When he raised them again John was looking at him intently.
Aziraphale accepted the apology and said graciously, “Well in the end there was no harm done, and I suppose you meant well.”
“You keep me warm” Ben whispers back “I’m sure you’ll think of something.”
“Well you can’t blame my lot this time,” Lestrade answered, “It was the hotel’s own maintenance that broke it open.”
And if Sherlock was alone again, so be it, that was a small price to pay for his friend’s happiness.
“Marriage then… You’re up for it?”
“If you insist, Dr Huxtable, naturally I will return to London, however I would consider myself duty bound to report the missing person to my friends at Scotland Yard.”
“But you don’t think so?”
“If by femme fatale.” Sherlock laboured the words, “you mean Dinah Shepherd the woman whose third husband was tried for the murder of her second, then yes, it is the Dinah Shepherd.”
“I am fairly confident that the first word of the second message is AT but it could possibly be AS. The second word is almost certainly a proper noun and could be anything. Likewise the last incomplete word of the initial message.”
Mycroft paused for effect, “Rosamund Moran, crack shot, sniper, paid assassin, contract killer and Moriarty’s chief lieutenant. On the most wanted list of one hundred and forty-two countries, sixty-three of which still have capital punishment.  Hiding in plain sight as John Watson’s fiancée, very clever.”
“It’s not mine,” Steve corrected, “It’s an estate vehicle, it is kept in the mews with the others.”
They put both bicycles into the flat bed of the truck and Danny climbed into the cab behind Sherlock. Steve swung into the driver’s seat and started the truck. At the junction he took a sharp right and a few yards further along took a gentler right fork through a gap in the hedge onto the moorland.
“Can you feel this?” John smiles as he vanishes from the bed.
“A man has died; another is dying, and a young woman has had her world torn apart. It is hardly a cause for celebration.”
******
“There’s nothing wrong with your philosophy, Sherlock. What always remains is truth, and the truth is I love you every bit as much as Patrick loved Richard, and possibly more because I have loved you longer.”
The restaurant was exclusive, intimate, the food excellent, the wine and the conversation flowed. Certain topics were off limits, much of their respective jobs, Greg’s drunken shenanigans, Sherlock, but they seemed to find plenty to talk about.  Mycroft paid for the meal and demurred at Greg’s offer to ‘go Dutch’.
“Gentlemen, my apologies for keeping you here, there were some matters that required my attention.”
“So what don’t you understand?”
It was still a shock to him that he had been so greatly deceived by her, that he hadn’t had a clue until that night in Leinster Gardens and even then it had taken a while to sink in. He had been so angry, still was deep down, but he was never going to be the man who abandoned the mother of his child; so instead she went and abandoned him.
John, fully awake now, said he would do his best. “Good luck, and keep me posted… ok?”
John’s first thought as he emerged blinking into the morning mist was
“Why is it so light?”
“They weren’t very happy that you left.”
“Have we met before?” Aziraphale asked in a curious tone.
“Obviously.”
Until Sherlock had flounced into one crime scene too many, briefly looked her up and down and deduced in great detail and at volume her latest romantic misadventure. While Sally could have argued that Steve was already separated by the time they got together, it was a moot point, it hadn’t her taken long to realise the guy was a complete waste of space – no wonder his wife had left him.
“That sentiment was a chemical defect found on the losing side”
******
John turned his attention to the newspaper on his lap; Sherlock noted that his friend was back on quick crosswords, probably for the best.
It was Sherlock’s turn to be silent, although John could tell by the pinched look around his eyes that he was still struggling to comprehend the sentiment behind Patrick’s actions.
A little later and properly awake, John reviewed the events of the night before and the almost miraculous way in which Sherlock secured the hotel room. In the cold light of day, his suspicions were raised.
“Are any other bicycles missing?”
“So, what’s got you so rattled this morning?”
Sherlock had already noted that the doctor was wearing a shirt and tie, although his jacket was over shoulder in deference to the warm evening.
“I was hoping to find someone who could help me. My name is…”
Sherlock despite the physical pain he has inflicted on himself and the mental anguish he is inflicting on his friend cannot quite hide his delight at his own cleverness. 'Guess what I’ve found'.
“All that matters is, have you found Arthur?”
Sherlock closed his laptop, in his bedroom he changed into one of his more disreputable disguises and slipped out of Baker Street through Mrs Hudson’s kitchen door, through the yard and into the lane that ran along the rear of the houses. He quickly made his way onto the Marylebone Road where he flagged down a taxi to take him to a far from salubrious area of Stepney and the home of a former irregular of Sherlock’s who was still known by the nom de plume of Freddie the Fence.
“I’m sorry I woke you”
“As Frank’s wife, I’ll go down too; the authorities will never believe I only did the typing”
Sherlock lets forth a couple of angry deductions that do him no favours, and departs to bother a bloke he knows at Bart’s.
“Absolutely, we insist.”
He sat Rosie at the kitchen table as he went about making their supper. The flat was cold and so after he had put the lasagne in the oven he said to Rosie, “shall we pop down and see Nana, then I can get some coal in for a fire?”
“Are you thinking what I’m thinking?”
“Go on.” The soldier said again taking a step forward, “Go on, tell me, what game are you playing?”
“Yes you, we’ve been through a lot together the last few years, it would be good to have you at my side.”
“Are you in tonight?” John asked when Sherlock came off the phone. Sherlock looked at John as if he didn’t quite know who he was or what he was doing there, a look that was always a clear indication that Sherlock’s mind was elsewhere.
“I thought it was a great success, all going to plan?”
“What makes you say that?”
Sherlock crossed the lane and shone his torch into the field, beckoning Aveling to join him. Together they looked at the path. “A good, all terrain cycle would manage this with ease, and the moon was full. I am certain Arthur Saltire was collected from the school in some vehicle and that Dr Watson cycled down this path intending to head them off. What I need to discover is what happened next.”
“I’m not entirely sure she is even aware of the full extent of her inheritance, after all, when she was recounting her story earlier, she clearly said ‘Aunty died and left us the house’.”
As they drew up at the school gates, John was still protesting that time was of the essence, but Sherlock was adamant.  Steve settled that argument by pressing the intercom and announcing their arrival. Despite his protests, John could not prevent a huge sigh of relief as the truck reached the top of the drive and he saw the familiar building that was also his home.
“Never mind, I need to get back to
But it was now well over twenty-four hours since John had left the school, presumably, the link was not established but could not be coincidence, in pursuit of the boy. If he was still at liberty why had he not returned, or at least informed someone of his whereabouts. Sherlock did not like it at all. The best explanation that he could hope for was that John had been taken captive alongside the boy, the worst, well that was unthinkable, so Sherlock would not think it.
With that John turned and strode down Savoy Lane and vanished into the darkness.
“Only heiresses are not what they used to be, Natasha Petrovna while being fabulously wealthy keeps a very tight rein on the purse strings. She might be willing to splash out on the estate when it is her backdrop and the home of her husband and children, she may well continue when her son inherits but she’s not going to keep bankrolling her ex-husband.”
“James Wilder isn’t the duke’s son; his father was Alexander.”
John reluctantly conceded defeat.
Crowley didn’t have to ask who Aziraphale was referring to, he bristled with jealousy and the air around him became a green mist, with a hint of sulphur.
Sherlock reflected on some of the encounters he had had with elements of the Russian Mafia, in Belarus and during his time away, and as a result did not rule out a possible link to the disappearance of Petrovitch’s grandson. There had been many allegations regarding the providence of the Petrovitch fortune, but nothing had ever been proved and he had died three years ago with his reputation unimpeached. His money had not, however, bought him happiness; his son had died at twenty-one of a drug overdose in Berlin, and his younger daughter had been lost when the helicopter she was travelling in ditched into the North Sea, thus his entire estate had passed to his only surviving child, Natasha.
Sherlock paused; John suspected it was for dramatic effect but did not think any less of his new friend for that.
“Enough, I heard enough. It was a long shot anyway, but thank you.”
“Who do you think?”
Sherlock quickly shrugged on his coat and wrapped his scarf round his neck, gathering together his keys and his phone and the tools of his trade, his lock picks, a small stash of specimen bags and his magnifying glass. Ah, that was not in its proper place. Sherlock remembered, he had been using it to show Rosie the intricacies of a small patch of mildew on the bathroom window sill, and must have left it there when John had told him to stop prevaricating and start cleaning.
He would need to move them shortly, they couldn’t spend the night like that but he wouldn’t disturb them just yet, he would finish the poem first.
“I don’t usually do this sort of thing.”
“Never reached committee stage. Turned out the human was more than capable of achieving all he wanted without assistance… as far as I know…”
“All my life, apart from the few years I was married and lived in Buxton. My dad was head groundsman, and my brother took over when he retired. I grew up in the cottage where I live now.”
“The honeymoon’s John’s department really, I’m happy to go anywhere as long as it’s warm, got a bar and not Butlins.”
Mycroft scans the screens that monitor the areas in which he takes special interest, GCHQ, Millbank, Scotland Yard, Chiswick, Baker Street and finally his Fitbit. He sighs and calibrates his carbs, no biscuits with his coffee again. Turning to his assistant he barks the orders for the day concluding with “And convene the inner sanctum, 3pm, Langdale, Porlock and Love, usual drill”
Sherlock had tuned out for most of this, gingerly feeling his burnt lip with his tongue and wishing Mrs H would put the kettle on.
“Go on then,” Crowley said as Aziraphale appeared in his new garb, “give us a twirl?”
Instead, Sherlock had done his whole mesmerising routine and then arranged to go with
At this Mycroft stood up, shook hands with his visitors and left the room.
At what point John wonders, did Sherlock realise that his forensic knowledge of human nature had failed him in his estimation of Charles Augustus Magnussen. Was it when the Dane had flicked John’s face and his best friend had stood by and ‘let him’? Or when he had flung open the door to his vault and revealed an empty store room?
“The heart has its reasons that reason cannot comprehend.” Aziraphale replied with a sigh.
“The Bluebird Hotel, Bayswater Road.”
Mycroft regards his little brother, an unexpected, painful tightness in his chest threatens to overwhelm him. Over thirty years of constant worry has failed to protect them from the inevitable.
“Wait!” Sherlock beckoned them back to where he was standing. “When was the last time you were up here?”
A slight pause at the other end of the line, Mycroft relaxed a fraction.
Despite or maybe because of, the years of mutual pining John and Sherlock do not rush their relationship. There are gentle touches and soft squeezes. John relocates to Sherlock’s room and Sherlock, when he sleeps, sleeps with John beside him.
“I am sensing the presence in your life of someone with ailurophobia.”
Sherlock conceded, “If they had a four by four, they could have got anywhere,” he spun on his heels a full circle and surveyed the landscape before saying softly, “Where would you hide a body round here?”
John waits for Sherlock to scoff at his mention of the L word but instead his friend looks thoughtful.
Sherlock waved a hand in the inspector’s general direction, “yes, yes she can go, she’s nothing more to tell us.”
At least that creep, Ralph Fell had made himself scarce. John had been taken aback to find him there so early on a Saturday morning, had he stayed the night? John didn’t think so, there was no sign of an overnight bag, but then perhaps he didn’t need one. John had an overwhelming temptation to slip into the bathroom and count the toothbrushes.
, Sherlock thought, “Thank you, Mrs…?”
“Rest assured, Mycroft, I will triumph.”
“After my Skype call with Paul Cloete I met Alice Baker and learned that her father had suffered a stroke the night of André Cloete’s death. I also learned from Dr Watson that Alice’s father had been as passionately against his daughter’s marrying Paul Cloete as his father had been for it. That didn’t make sense, Jack Baker had no sons of his own, the men were old friends and compatriots, Paul was a respectable young man training to be a farmer, you would have thought that Baker would have been delighted to join their two families in this way. I knew that I had to speak to Jack Baker to get to the bottom of this affair.
“Fur John, really, in the 21
“Originally I thought it was twelve but there was a short haired and a long-haired tortoiseshell” Sherlock confessed to John’s amusement.
“John might guess” Sherlock announces with a hint of his old arrogance “Deduction would be quite beyond him” The brothers’ sudden laughter halts abruptly.
DI Somersby had left Sherlock to speak to Paul Cloete alone, and was marking time in the hallway when John came out of the kitchen with Alice. A few minutes later Sherlock joined them.
Sherlock paused, suddenly interested, Ralph never spoke about the past, “where was this?”
John’s face fell; he looked down at his shoes and mumbled “Well, that’s that then”
“I set the time of arrival for 10.30p.m. on the following Friday, 12th May, that is, this evening. Dr Watson is visiting with Harry; unfortunately, she is unwell again. Sherlock is minding Rosie so at home and on his best behaviour. An ideal time for such a text to arrive.”
, John thought, as he tucked the quilt a little closer round his sleeping friend. Sherlock shivered and gave a little moan but then settled again.
Neither John nor Sherlock are immune to night terrors.
He opened his newspaper at the crossword and peeled the wrapper from a Fry’s Chocolate Cream that he had purloined from Sherlock’s secret stash.
Confused, Sherlock opened the text and read it, then sat down in his chair with a thump. He was in shock. He looked at the message again.
“He’s not to know, he’s suffered enough through me”
(See the end of the chapter for
“It appears a  marriage took place between the two persons you mentioned on the 14
“Just listen to me”, Sam went on, “Don’t spend your time at home moping, find somewhere to go this Christmas.”
“Are you sure we’re in the right place” John called to Harry’s disappearing back.
“I arranged with Miss Baker to visit her father in hospital. He was frail, could hardly speak and the stroke had resulted in paralysis down one side but when he learned that his son had been arrested for murder, he disclosed everything.”
“I forgot to tell you… Dinah and I thought it might be wise to find an alternative venue.”
“Ah, of course!”
“Enough lets go and see if Mr Medidhi has decided to talk”. Sherlock drank down his coffee in one go and stood up, nose ever so slightly in the air, “besides, Mycroft could never have played Santa, he would have got stuck in the chimney.”
Sherlock sniffed miserably, “Swimming!”
He listens to his so-called best friend, tell him why his so-called wife can be trusted, using words designed to manipulate him into thinking wrong is right and death is life and what will end a life will save it. Sherlock offers the bullet as surgery and Mary hangs on to his argument; a life belt that she clings to amidst the wreckage of the good ship ‘Marriage’.
He held out his hand “May I see it?”
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock solved that dilemma by announcing he was going to see if there was anyone about.
As the door closed on him, Crowley took the time to read the sign.
Steve pulled over and both he and Sherlock got out to join Danny. The sun was climbing in the sky, but the light was still hazy. Sherlock took a quick reconnaissance of the area but could see nothing to indicate that John had passed that way,
John caught hold of Sherlock’s left hand and softly rubbed his thumb over the third finger.
Once at Bart’s Sherlock employs his usual mix of innocence and experience to inveigle his way into the labs. He has recently hacked into the hospital’s HR system and issued himself with a swipe card in the name of Peter Wesson. He’s yet to be challenged and thus makes free with the facilities.
“My landlady has gone to fetch you a drink and something to eat. You should know better, in view of your diabetes, than to get up in the middle of the night and come racing down to London without any breakfast.”
“Now?
“I had a long talk with John, yesterday morning when you had gone to your brother’s. He told me of your first encounter, he was rather blown away that he’d made such an impact, but some how it didn’t ring true. I know the kind of man you are, all science and reason and cold hard logic, not passion and impulse and love at first sight. But something spooked you didn’t it?”
was on repeat.
The celebrant said something corny about the ‘new Mr and Mrs Holmes’ and the briefest of kisses took place. The string quartet burst into
And why now? When John was on the brink of being settled in new job in a new city? Unless… here Sherlock had a revelation… unless the actual event of attending a job interview had brought home to John just how much he didn’t want to leave Baker Street, and Sherlock. This might explain why John had seemed so deflated when he had arrived home earlier, despite Sherlock’s deduction that the interview had gone well.
Debbie removed her apron and took a jacket from a hook by another small door and put it on. Opening the door, she led Sherlock through the covered bin area that abutted the kitchen and then the gap in the perimeter wall, until they were out in the grounds.
They retreated to the wallpaper section, but it was no good, Rosie was tired and upset, and he too found himself comparing everything to the perfect little room in Baker Street.
Finally, the stocking at the side of the fireplace was full, Sherlock ate the mince pie and John drank the milk. Sherlock looked meaningfully at the couch, but John yawned and said.
“Are you sure you don’t mind?”
John does not dislike Ella; in fact he views her as a competent medical professional. What he dislikes is being her patient.
“Just gone five.”
“Except the device uses US date settings, so the text arrived this evening, the Fifth of December. How could I have made such a schoolboy error?”
John Watson is angry, angrier than a forty something ex-army adrenaline junkie with trust issues who doesn’t even know his wife’s real name probably has the right to be.
“At the end of Baker Street there’s a good Chinese stays open until two…”
Startled by the detective’s grim expression, John hurries on.
“Patrick Hilton? Why would I know that name?”
They were quiet for a while, both staring at the flickering flames of the fire, then Sherlock said.
In the silence he offered up a wordless prayer to a deity he did not believe in that they would find John (he refused to say
The response time is impeccable and John is quickly transported to casualty. Thankfully, by the time they arrive he is stirring, in pain but lucid.
“I do, quite an interesting one in fact, possibly even a seven. You might care to take a look.”
“More likely that he took it with him.” Sherlock instantly convinced that the letter was key to the mystery.
“I can’t, if we’d met…” Sadness threatens to overwhelm John and he cannot finish.
(In order to write these I have watched series four again - very closely - all very clever but you could drive a coach and horses through the plot holes. Just saying)
John picked up the notebook and pencil and wrote underneath ABDIMNOOY, then threw them both onto the table in disgust.
John?” Mycroft repeated the name with a slight inflection, as if there was some question as to which of the many John Watsons of his acquaintance Sherlock referred.
, making careful notes of what Miss Sutherland had said. The notes weren’t at all necessary, but it gave Sherlock a reason to keep him from leaving.
Best Man – tick, Ring Bearer –
The train lurched, the lights flickered, and they were on their way. The  handsome stranger got off at Paddington, with a mixture of relief and disappointment John watched him go, before finding an empty seat and settling down for the ride.
“It sounds like you enjoyed the police work, not thought of joining them?”
“I disapprove of anything that exploits people or can be used to damage them in any way. You may not have a gift of second sight, but you obviously see things that most people overlook.”
Sherlock looked down and willed himself not to blush.
“So, we are walking down to the beach in the rain for tea and cake.”
(See the end of the chapter for
, Sherlock thought,
“You did”
“Solipsism, the idea that only what is in your own mind exists for certain”
The arms tighten again as John is pulled close and kissed quite thoroughly. The longing grows, John groans. Did the clock strike five or six? Don’t think like that, he tells himself, he breaks away and is swiftly out of bed, throwing on his clothes.
“John, you’d better sit down, what I’m about to tell you might come as a bit of a shock. In fact, why don’t I fetch us a drink.”
The Diogenes Club - 1895
It was clear that Tony Aveling didn’t want to hang about, and Sherlock had to concede that despite the torches and the light of the moon there were limits to how far even he could investigate in the dark.
“Damn, we’re too late,” Sherlock said as they pulled up in front of the house.
They began again, the room filled with the sound of David Grey, John and Sherlock twirled round the tiny floor space, until they were back in first position where Sherlock did as he had said, swung John out, back in and dipped him perfectly.
still worked, he had expected to have to exercise his deductive powers. No doubt it was inertia that had caused John to leave his password unchanged for over two years.
“I won’t”, Mrs Hudson said opening the door, “Oh Sherlock you do look nice. Here take this with you”, she added, handing him a card, “save me a stamp.”
John arrived home around six, cold and tired, just as Sherlock was giving Watson her tea. Rosie greeted her daddy with an enthusiastic wave of a bread stick, while Sherlock asked softly “How did you get on?”
crossword puzzle in an average of seven minutes thirty-two seconds since the age of eight, suddenly mirrored Crowley’s satisfied expression.
Lestrade had not wished to become one of those individuals who abandon their old friends the instant they become one half of a couple, but with the demands of his job, his two children, his elderly mother competing with his desire to spend as much of his limited free time with his new love, inevitably some relationships did take a back seat.
Lestrade got up to leave, but Mrs Hudson caught him by the arm.
“Sex game gone wrong!”
A pen flew across the notepad on the table as Aziraphale elucidated his ideas, unfortunately Crowley persisted in finding flaws in each and everyone of them.
Crowley’s reign of terror over his houseplants was notorious; he didn’t exactly like them, rather he regarded them as a necessary evil, providing a focus for his demonic energies. Much safer all round, but that was not an area of his psyche was willing to explore, especially in the presence of an angel.
“What happened?” John whispered in the dark.
He was gratified to see that at some point his coat had been rescued from captivity, possibly by the same officers who arrested Harry Harkins, and was now hanging on a hook by his hospital bed.
“I owe you an apology too, Dr Watson,  James assured me that you were safe, I was wrong to take his word for it but I loved that boy very much; he was all I had left of my brother. But I love my Arthur more. I will do whatever it takes to keep him from harm.”
“Oh, you are still alive then, I was beginning to wonder.”
“Straw is an agricultural by-product consisting of the dry stalks of cereal plants after the grain and chaff have been removed, it is quite impossible for it to be transformed by spinning into a soft, yellow, corrosion-resistant, malleable and ductile metal, naturally occurring in veins and alluvial deposits and which has a melting point of 1065°C.”
“What time is it?”
“I telephoned this morning, Dr Huxtable, too late to prevent you from starting for London. I learned that your object was to invite Mr. Sherlock Holmes to undertake the conduct of this case. His Grace is surprised that you should have taken such a step without consulting him.
“I’m sorry.” John said after a while, “I need to go to sleep, I don’t expect you do though. Would you rather stay here tonight? The couch is quite a comfortable one.”
******
“Four and half years ago.” She replied promptly to Sherlock’s question about when she’d noticed the cupboard key was missing.
In the end his reticence is immaterial, the Governor, David, takes the gun and takes his own life. An exercise in futility as Eurus is pleased to remind the doctor.
Finally, John said, “Then perhaps your name is Sherlock Holmes?”
The man who remained was the man who had come in first, radiating confidence and authority, the way his companions had deferred to him revealed him as a born leader but not a regular soldier – Medic, Officer class.
The client introduced himself as Ralph Fell, pronouncing his given name as
John has descended the stairs to the basement flat in search of Sherlock.  221C has been damp proofed and redecorated as part of the refurbishment but it is still musty and has next to no natural light. John has never liked it since the incident with the trainers.
“You win,” He tells the figment Mycroft, “now it’s well and truly buried.”
“Actually I’m only due in for a couple of hours tomorrow, I could probably arrange cover, but I wouldn’t want to take Rosie all that way.”
“Perhaps less in a really fast car.”
“Yep, I won’t wait up.”
“No Vivian Norbury took a weapon to that meeting and made a choice… Just as Richard made a choice when he decided to wait for Garvey with a gun, just as Patrick had a choice when he turned that gun on himself.
There was a narrow, archway opening out onto the grounds and playing fields from the Southern wing, and the bicycles were kept in a covered store next to the caretaker’s lodge. It wasn’t locked and the layout of the cloisters mean that that everyone wanting to go from east to west would walk past it, but none of the bicycles were secured.
“Leave him alone, Christopher. He’s a human being not a performing seal.”
The penny dropped, “but we switched it off!”
“You have been sadly misinformed… I don’t handle child abduction cases.” Sherlock replied, his features grim.
“Drink?”
“Money, Dr Watson, it was all about money. My father owns this house, this estate and quite a few of the properties in the village. He is a very wealthy man, and I am his sole heir. Whereas Mr Cloete is, I mean was, only the tenant of his farm.”
Sherlock stepped out of the taxi in Baker Street and looked up at the building. The flat appeared to be in darkness not even the lights of their little Christmas tree were on. Mercifully, the door knocker was still in its correct alignment, so Sherlock let himself without misgivings. The door to Mrs Hudson’s flat was wide open and he could hear music and laughter, some kind of party was underway. For some uncharacteristic reason Sherlock had a sudden wish not to be alone, so he followed the sound of voices into her sitting room.
“Do you think there will be enough to convict her?” John asked.
Dinah had come back into the sitting room after speaking to the tailor and the butler had brought fresh tea and cakes and the three of them, John, Sherlock and their hostess, had sat and made polite conversation. Or at least John considered his attempts were polite, he thought Sherlock probing Dinah regarding the death of her first husband rather indelicate, but then the detective could never resist an unsolved crime.
arranged it had earned Lestrade’s gratitude. He had got away lightly after his performance the previous Friday, it turned out that a fracas had developed between special branch and forensics after he had left, and his own escapade had paled into insignificance. Only Sally had alluded to his heavy drinking at Bradstreet’s retirement do, and that seemed more out of concern than ridicule.  No-one at the Yard would have guessed its life changing consequences.
When Mary returned, she had let down her hair, and was wearing summer dress in a delicate shade of mauve, Sherlock approved of the colour and thought it suited her well. Taking Mary by the arm he led her out of the room, with John behind them.
“I wish…”
Although their friendship had had its ups and downs, Sherlock knew that John loved him, it was an unbroken cord that ran through everything they said and did, although quite when this love had moved from the platonic to the romantic Sherlock could not fathom, but then (he admitted privately) human relationships were not his strongest suit. Naturally, John who was so much more experienced in these things would come up with the idea of marriage. He was a man for whom tradition was important, his military and medical careers indicated that. He would instinctively gravitate towards marriage even if in his choice of life partner, he was unorthodox.
Fed up with another evening on his own, John decided to make an early night of it. It was only just gone nine, but he had started going round the flat, turning off lights and banking up the fire when Sherlock arrived home. The cold night air had brought colour to his cheeks and his eyes sparkled, as he moved passed John to hang up his coat and scarf, the smell of the fresh frost night clung to him and John breathed it in deeply, along with the fragrance of a woman’s scent. He recognised it, from his afternoon at the Savoy.
John Watson has had better sex, more skilful lovers, male and female both, but never has he felt such an instant connection with anyone.
“Dinner?” Sherlock said suddenly.
“Married?” Mary exclaimed, “you are saying that Ian is an actor and married!”
At least the hotel was half decent, though the WiFi was a joke. Lestrade thought they had rather overdone it with the tartan and the stags’ heads gave him the willies, but the roaring log fires kept the place cosy which was a good thing as outside it was cold enough to freeze the balls off a brass monkey.
“So, did I!” Aziraphale exclaimed, “So did I. We were having a marvellous time, going about here and there, enjoying ourselves, and it was doing the boy the world of good and Dr Watson did not know what to make of it. I had even managed to wangle an invitation to the wedding as Sherlock’s ‘other half’. My dear, he was fit to be tied, he was so put out. He interrupted us dancing on Saturday morning and his face! It was a picture of jealousy.
“That settles it.”
“Told me what?”
He summoned up enough politeness to refuse a meal in the Masters’ dining room and allowed Aveling to show him to the room he would be staying. Once on his own, he lay down on the bed to file his observations on the case so far until the bell on the clock tower struck eight, the appointed time for dinner. He then made his way stealthily to John’s room where he collected John’s SIG from its hiding place, liberated half a dozen bullets from a box of pencils on the desk, and helped himself to the laptop for good measure.
“She’s older than she looks,” he whispered once the woman was out of earshot.
Aziraphale counted “I thought you were going to be helpful.”
There was a limited to how much Crowley could pump her friends for information in the presence of the woman, so he had to ensure a fair amount of inane conversation regarding wedding fripperies and favours, the church was booked, Mary had her dress, and the bridesmaids’ lilac dresses were on order. Mary gave an outrageous description of John’s best man who was doubling as a wedding planner, which had them all in fits of laughter; Crowley even more so when it turned out the best man was the insufferable Sherlock Holmes who was even at this very moment at a private viewing at the British Library with his angel.
“Trust you to take that the wrong way, there is nothing of that sort involved. It is just that he is rather special. He likes to think of himself as difficult and antisocial but really, he is quite sweet, though he would be horrified to hear me say so.
“You heard, give it three minutes then follow me in… not scared are you?”
“What of her?” Sherlock replied, not taking his eyes off his phone where he was tapping out some or other text.
The woman returned to the table, and the atmosphere settled down, with the other diners returning to their own topics of conversation. John and Sherlock’s own waiter arrived with the dessert menu. Despite having already eaten more than he would in a normal day, Sherlock could not resist the tiramisu.
“Leave Baker Street you mean?”
Aveling nodded and took Sherlock once again down the hallways that led to the cloisters.
“That would be a pleasure Mrs H, thank you. Providing I’m not on duty.”
Sherlock moved on in his thoughts to the next stage, married life he knew involved more than just living under the same roof, sharing bills and co-parenting, otherwise there would be no need for them to change anything.  But marriage would not resolve the problem of space at 221b if he and John still maintained separate bedrooms.
They exchanged a few pleasantries but neither man was much for small talk, so the conversation turned quickly to Lestrade’s forthcoming marriage.
Sherlock sat back his seat and took a sip of his tea.
The butler appeared instantly.
John kept his gun trained on Dinah as they sat and waited for the police, and Sherlock filled him in on what had happened while he was supposedly outside for a cigarette.
More ineffable plotting
Despite John’s misgivings there was no time for brooding; Rosie to his great relief had actually slept in for once, and when Mrs Hudson had come up at nine, John was only just making his first pot of tea. Mrs Hudson immediately took over.
Sherlock was fast asleep, blankets pulled up round his chin, hair flopping over his forehead and eyes, only the gentle sound of his breathing disturbing the silence of the room. He looked about twelve. John began to retreat, to leave him sleeping, even after all these years, John only invaded Sherlock personal space reluctantly, but as he did so his friend’s eyes flew open.
Somersby and his two colleagues carried the unconscious Sherlock up the two flights of stairs to his room and dumped him unceremoniously on the bed. John thanked them and let them go. He slipped off Sherlock’s shoes and loosened his belt before rolling him onto his side in the prone position and covering him with the duvet. Sherlock immediately began to snore.
“… chose my school for the education of his son, Lord Saltire.”
“Nothing…I saw nothing.”
“Hey!” John repeated, “You ok? Only you were thrashing about a bit.”
“Abe Garvey,” Sherlock announced with a great deal of satisfaction, “That’s our man.”
“Bit different to my day”
It was very slick, almost poetic, far too eloquent to have been written by Greg…
Sherlock went to fetch the magnifier and couldn’t help noticing that a wad of soggy lined paper had appeared in the bin by the basin. He was certain it hadn’t been there last night.
They both laughed. “Big decision though.” Greg said sobering them both up. “Not something you rush into.”
, Molly was also aware of the contents of Sherlock’s phone book. The thought that John might have declared himself after all these years almost made her squeal, but with difficulty she held it in. Instead she asked, “So what did you do, after your friend said they loved you?”
The first client of the day seemed a suitable subject. Medium height and medium build, a middle child if ever there was one.
“Three’s the charm, Sherlock, make another wish.”
“I think it was because they argued about me… You see Dr Watson, Mr Cloete was determined that Paul and I should get together, to get married that is, in time.”
“And that’s what you think about me?”
Greg went up the bar to get them both another pint, John watched him go.
John was slightly embarrassed; as if, having started the conversation, he had not anticipated the direction it would take.
There was another silence which seemed to drag on for an unnecessary length of time. Sherlock took it upon himself to move the conversation on.
John was not entirely sure which of Mrs Turner’s grandchildren were Poppy and Skye, or if Poppy was actually her poodle, or possibly that was Skye…
After some thought Sherlock makes fresh tea and John produces a list. It seems that it is too much to hope that the happy couple will favour a quick trip to the registrar’s office, it appears that the bride-to-be requires what John refers to as ‘the works’. So, there are copious arrangements to be made, cake to try, suits to be measured for, guests to be vetted…
reported that the Duke and Duchess of Holderness had settled their differences and the rumoured divorce would now not take place.
Sherlock awkwardly opened his arms, John walked into them and Sherlock closed them again as they rocked very slightly together. John breathed in the essence of him, shampoo, tobacco, formaldehyde, and something else that was quintessentially Sherlock and very male.
“Right Mr Holmes, we’ll take a little look. This entrance is fairly easy going  to start off with but then the tunnel splits and it is easy enough to get lost. I don’t expect there to have been a rockfall, we’ve not had that much rain, but we are not taking any chances. No one knows we’re up here which is why we’re not all going in.” Steve looked at Danny again as he said this.
He popped the cassette into the slot. There was a short bust of strings and then Queen’s ‘Another One Bites the Dust’ took over.
Sherlock greeted him formally, and while John did not go in for public displays of affection, he couldn’t help being disappointed with the “Good Evening, Doctor, shall we proceed?”
“What’s that supposed to mean?” Sherlock snapped.
Sometimes late at night, after a case is satisfactorily concluded, a takeaway consumed. After the fire’s lit, Rosie’s in bed and Sherlock has put down his violin, after two fingers each of the twelve year old malt are poured, the conversation at 221B turns philosophical.
“I’m sorry Johnny, no show.”
Sherlock's experiment is inspired heavily by a piece in Merlin Sheldrake's excellent book Entangled Life.
“Simon,” John said again, “with me.” He turned and started to run through the suite until he reached Dinah’s bedroom door, Simon close on his heels.
Sherlock reasoned that it was unlikely they would recognise him as the Great Nostradamo but he didn’t want to take any chances so waited outside for fifteen minutes before going in. He went straight to the bar and bought himself a beer before settling at one of the slot machines conveniently placed to keep the pool table, where two of the soldiers were playing a game while the older, shorter one stood watching them, well in his line of vision.
“I have nothing more to say, Mr Holmes, except that I was angry with my husband for having held me back when I might have caught the rascal. He said that he feared that I might come to harm. For an instant it crossed my mind that perhaps what Patrick really feared was that the intruder might come to harm, for I have no doubts that he knows who this man is and what he means by these strange signs. But there is a tone in my husband’s voice, Mr Holmes, and a look in his eyes which forbid doubt, and I am sure that it was indeed my own safety that was in his mind. There’s the whole case, and now I want your advice as to what I ought to do.
A little Christmas Eve fluff to bring this fic to a conclusion
“Those fields belong to the farm.” Aveling replied, “But it is possible to walk along the bridle path to the main Mackleton road at the far side, I’ve done it myself when I have needed to catch the bus, it saves you quite a walk. It is rather like the short edge of an Isosceles triangle.”
John wasn’t sure,
(See the end of the chapter for
John lit a fire and Sherlock went out to the yard to salvage his wood mould experiment. In the afternoon they bundled up Rosie and went for a walk in Regents Park. John cooked the ‘thing with peas’ for supper while Sherlock was tied up on his mobile. John could tell by the look on Sherlock’s face that the call wasn’t entirely welcome. John wondered if he should be worried. Had the police released Dinah?
“The older man is her son, the younger her fiancé.”
John’s words seemed to strike home. Abe bowed his head and was silent for a full five minutes before was able to speak again.
The clothes were old-fashioned rather than vintage
But John was an old-fashioned man at heart and deep down he longed to call his Sweetie his husband. Thus, he tested the waters to see if he could discover his name. He started with the obvious names like Peter, James, and John, then went through an alphabetical list from Aaron to Zebedee. He moved on to rhyming names, Barry, Garry, Harry, and Larry, then more extravagant names beginning with Caspar, Melchior, and Balthazar, but after each his beloved said, “That is not my name.”
“It’s an elimination round. You choose one and kill the other” Eurus instructs Sherlock. “You have to choose family or friend. Mycroft or John Watson?” Then addressing her older brother “I hope you have a speech prepared.”
“That’s what I’m talking about!”
“Patience… is not something I’m known for,” Sherlock concedes.
There was more silence until John, finding it quite unsettling, said “It’s ok, whatever goes on, you don’t have to justify it to me.”
While Sherlock held a comprehensive record of motor vehicles, particularly those used in the pursuit of crime (getaway cars, non-accidental road traffic accidents and the like), stored in his mind palace he saw at a glance that the truck that was waiting for him was no ordinary off-road vehicle, but had been subject to some highly specific modification.
As soon as the car was parked they parted company, Sherlock to the solitude of 221b, John to Mrs Hudson’s to collect Rosie. Mrs Hudson gathered that the case had not gone well and was tactful enough not to press John for more than he could offer. She helped him settle Rosie in the taxi and reminded him again that he was always welcome.
“Yes, but I have recently become acutely aware how painful it is to hear words like love from someone you care about who doesn’t mean it.”
Now there was a daybed in this room and the stranger, instead of replying, lay down on it, closed his eyes and placed his hands together as if in prayer.
Sherlock stood up, the interview for him was clearly over, all that was left was for him to deliver the final blow.
“I thought I had outstayed my welcome. You didn’t seem that glad to see me.”
Again, John had the complete attention of his companions. “You don’t need to tell anyone, just post the notice and then turn up at the registrar’s office and grab a couple of witnesses off the street.”
Sherlock was all bonhomie again, “Just Mrs H, Molly, whoever Molly’s seeing at the moment, Hopkins and Donovan if they are free.”
As it turned out John needed have worried, the tailor merely asked him a few questions, mentioned something about semi-bespoke and asked him which side he ‘dressed’. He then handed John a couple of half-made suits to try on behind a screen and then to come back in the one seemed to fit best.
“… went for a meal afterwards… had tickets for the Albert Hall, and things seem to have progressed from there.”
“The name's Sherlock Holmes, and the address is the British Museum, that's enough. Try to be there this time”
“You went to all that trouble, to stop me from getting married.”
“Your swain, Ralph, Rafe whatever his name was, courting you with ballet and billet doux, dancing arm in arm, made me see red, I don’t mind confessing, wondering what else you might be getting up to.”
It’s sparsely furnished as befits a room that’s seldom let, but it is clean and when John tests it, the bed is comfortable and quiet.
******
“He would have been heir to all this,” said Sherlock, picking up the Duke’s thread. “Except he wouldn’t have been, there would have been none of this without your wife’s money. She’s hardly going to leave it to the Dukes of Holderness in perpetuity if her son was not one of them. That is why James wanted the money, to run the estate after your death.”
“I finish work lunchtime tomorrow and then I’m off until the 6
John is silent.
“Excellent, lead on.”
Mrs Hudson was her favourite chair, a glass of sherry in one hand and a herbal soother in the other. Simon was on the couch, with Molly practically sat in his lap holding a sleeping Rosie who at some point had been changed out her finery and into her pyjamas. In front of them on the coffee table was an empty bottle of red wine and two glasses and a pile of empty plates and cartons that indicated a takeaway had been consumed. In the other chair was John, his glass of wine still in his hand, obviously entertaining.
The last three chapters didn't come out as I wanted, so I decided to change it a bit. I hope that you're not too annoyed with me and that you will like it this way.
Well, what do you think?
John's knees buckled. He turned his head to meet his face, there were tears in his eyes. " Lock, that's the most gorgeous jumper I've ever gotten!"
Sherlock wanted to say that he's not hungry, but that was a very transparent lie, even for John... But maybe if he ignored him, the soldier would let him be...
John almost choked himself when he heard this. His mouth opened in shock. " What? What do you mean?"
He threw them away with a nasty curse. The detective rarely swore, but this time he was entitled.
When John returned to Sherlock's room with a cup of coffee and some breakfast, he found his friend sitting on the bed, freshly showered and changed into another pair of sweatpants, white t-shirt and his old blue dressing gown.
John's shoulders relaxed and he let out a sigh. " What happened? I don't understand anything..."
" So... Not an exhaustion then..." The detective commented, oblivious the fact he just stated the obvious, the thing he hated so much on the ordinary people.
" Myc, be good!" Greg admonished his boyfriend, pointed out that the way he provoked his brother was bit-not-good. He put his hand on his shoulder and gave it a light squeeze to warn him.
He pressed the back of his hand on his lips, horrified that he was about to burst into tears right in front of John!
John let out a tired sigh and rolled his eyes, as he made a few steps towards two brothers. " God, you can be a pain in the butt sometimes..." He commented and hoped they will stop so they could relax and enjoy the weekend.
But John continued. " Very good at shooting - but not as good as me - it would hurt my ego... A bit dotty, I suppose... But actually, there's a little detail - it wouldn't be a woman... And her name would be Sherlock..." He almost whispered and dared to look in Sherlock's face.
The doctor sighed, knowing that the detective lied. " Sherlock, spill it... I know you too well to tell when you're fibbing..." Well, sometimes it wasn't easy to say, but this time it was so transparent...
But it wouldn't be Sherlock Holmes if he didn't have the last word, he would outlive a God to speak last. " Yeah, he's been always like that..." He commented, almost daring Mycroft to try to deny it.
" At least I'm not a brainless idiot, Anderson." He sneered and tried to hide how much Anderson's last comments affected him.
" Stop thinking so loudly... I'm not ill nor dying, if that's what you're scared of..."
Cold fingers wrapped around his ankle and Sherlock knew that he was in big trouble.
He was sitting on the pavement, in the heavy rain and cold weather, and everything hurt. His eyes stung under closed eyelids, his body trembled like a leaf in the wind and the goosebumps covered every centimetre of his skin. The freezing water leaked through his clothes and the night wind coloured his cheeks red.
He was so worried about the detective, the man didn't leave his room for two days and remained hidden no matter how much John had tried to convince him to accompany him. That was what hurt the most - Sherlock didn't want to be in his company and rather texted him so he didn't have to talk to him.
The detective's vanity and lack of relationships caused his self-esteem dwindle significantly and increased the fear of being rejected. God knows what he was told during his absence...
How could he do that to him?! He knew that his brother could be a pain in the butt, but he never expected him to be THAT cruel. Mycroft knew very well that Sherlock doesn't want John to see him like this (because his stupid big brother always knows everything!) and yet he still sent John to 'check if he's alright'! Sherlock grimaced at the irony of that statement, damn Mycroft and his stupid power complex!
The one stupid call ruined the whole moment, and the whole date John dared to say. He wanted to scream. Not only his friend didn't allow him to have fun, but even he refused to let him kiss his own girlfriend!
Even though the two men didn't want to, they needed to take a breath. Sherlock pulled out and his eyes twinkled with joy and amazement. He was completely breathless and so was John.
Greg Lestrade rolled his eyes at the plump detective who waddled towards his armchair and sat down, doing his best to avoid staring.
He just curled his slightly shaking hands into fists but said nothing.
They just stood there like this for God knows how long, but Greg didn't care. Sherlock was his friend and even though the detective himself believed he was an emotionless git, the DI knew that he still needs a comfort.
He was HOPING to find some nasty foot, or one little pinky would be enough! Nothing...
" Keep your shitty nose out of my fucking business! " John snapped venomously and turned on his heel.
John felt Sherlock's head shook. " W-what I-I-I've do-done t-to you w-was un-unforgivable..." The detective told him, trying to decrease John's guilt. But it wasn't possible right now.
He was about to turn left when someone called his name.
What? Did he just admit that he was thinking about his friend's hair? MALE friend's hair?
The detective didn't even bother with switching on the light, (the last thing he wanted to see was his naked, swollen body) and started to strip off the restrictive clothes he was wearing.
John stood there, not able to say a word, he simply gazed at redhead's disappearing figure He didn't know what was worse - if she left him, standing there like a fool or the fact she might have a truth.
The soldier smirked, remembering their conversation at Angelo's when Sherlock asserted he was married to his Work. " Well, I thought that too... Actually, I'm not sure when I'm around you... "
He sat him down on the sofa and handed him his grey sweatpants which laid forgotten on the armrest. Sherlock thanked him and changed his soaked trousers.
What if she wreaked her anger on him after their break-up? John couldn't lie to her anymore, he loved her but not in the way he loved Sherlock. He felt as if he just used her as some kind of patch, a replacement in the hole in his heart which created there after Sherlock jumped from the Bart's Hospital. He should be shocked and betrayed, shouldn't he?
A muffled whimper returned the soldier to reality. He turned his head in the direction of the source and his heart clenched at the sight of his flatmate in duvets.
" A-a-any cha-chance I will s-s-speak nor-nor... normally?"
'If Sherlock wakes me up just for some stupid experiment, I'll probably choke him out!', John thought as he slowly pulled himself up and ruffled his hair.
John opened his tired eyes to look at his flatmate with a surprised face.
Sherlock backed off from him, he stumbled backwards with raised hands as if he was giving up. " I-I th-thought y-you tru-trusted m-me... "
" I want to try something... May I?" Sherlock asked, fighting with himself.
The crime-solving consultant turned towards the unit, took out the two-litre bottle of the Coca Cola and the empty glass from the cupboard and filled it with the sparkling drink.
" Sherlock, what the hell is going on? And if you tell me that you're high, I will rip you apart!" John growled as he strode into the living room, still speeded up with rage.
John smiled, confused. Throw Sherlock, Baker Street and all their adventures away? Never! " You silly... Why would I do that? "
Everybody deals with the unpleasant emotions in different ways. Someone becomes withdrawn, someone needs to have a company, someone loses their appetite and on the contrary someone seeks the solace in food.
This was serious. John remembered the warning Sherlock gave him the first time they met.
Then they just sat on the checked blanket, chatted, listened to the sounds of nature and drank the beer from cans. Even Sherlock did, even though he was against  drinking alcohol (it kills brain cells, John!), he adapted himself to the rest of the group. It couldn't hurt, for once...
Even against his will, the detective began to tremble when he remembered moments of the hopelessness and despair. He took a deep breath and pressed himself even closer to the ex-soldier, he desperately needed comfort right now. " Se-Se-Serbia... W-was cap-captured... t-to-tortured... h-had t-to ke-keep y-you s-save... Mor-Moriarty ha-had sni-snipers a-at y-you... Ha-had t-to ju-jump!"
The doctor was telling a truth, it was evident from the gentle look in his eyes. He put his hands on Sherlock's broad shoulders gave them a light squeeze to prove to him that he really didn't mean to insult him.
To: JOHN
" Do you mind?"
He rushed to the hall to find his ponderous friend leaning over the wall and Mrs Hudson who tried to support him. Although it was a strong and vital woman, her knees kept buckling under the detective's weight.
He never does the shopping, it has always been John who went to the shop to buy something to eat. It was the only option - if it had depended on the detective, they would die from the starvation...
" Thanks..." Sherlock whispered as he drew the jumper closer to himself and inhaled John's nice smell of aftershave water and his shampoo, but only inconspicuously.
" And how's your work going? What about those little bastards? Do they behave?"
The bubble of laughter escaped John's lips as he watched the man beside him, his pale face glowing in the dark. " Don't be so self-satisfied, not everything turns around you..." He paid him back in his own, his mouth widening in the smile.
Something in his face must have caught John's attention, because he slid his hand behind his back, enfolded him in his strong arms and leaned on the headboard of the bed. " Sherlock? Hey, it's okay, come here..."
He took one pack and pulled out the nicely refreshing tissue.
Mycroft gave him a sad face and put his hand on Sherlock's thin thigh. He knew it was so hard for The-Only-Consulting-Detective-in-the-World to not be able to babble his phenomenal deductions in his usual fast cadence rhythm.
Yours,
She leaned closer until their noses were almost touching.
" Oh... Are you okay?" He asked. She used to be John's girlfriend, he must have felt something towards her. The fact that she wasn't a woman he thought she was must have been quite a shocking thing to find out...
Detective's mouth tightened into the thin line until his lips turned white. He knew exactly what was his brother talking about and it wasn't about the wounds covering his back. He shook his head resultantly, decided to not say a word.
The doctor pulled out and he let him go so he could take a look at him. " Is it better?"
"Why are you doing this to me, you little git?" John groaned, lifted the sheet and patted the mattress beside where he was laying, defeated. Sherlock couldn't resist a small smile of victory, from which John almost goes insane, and he slowly climbed onto John's bed, the mattress sagged under his light weight.
Anderson looked him up and down and wrinkled his nose.
It took a while before he realised what was going on and then he saw her.
" Good deduction..."
" Go on." The questioned one smiled at him.
He was starving! His stomach ached and produced sounds he had no idea it was possible and he just wanted it to stop.
Sherlock froze, but he refused to look away. He had survived much worse things...
John shook his head and the laugh bubbled through his lips. He took the hem of the foiled jumper and lifted it to drape it over Sherlock's head and he snuggled him closer as he covered both of them in the jumper. " Shush! I don't want you to change, you silly..." He leaned his forehead against his, lowering his voice into a half whisper. "I love you just the way you are, Sherlock, your beautiful eyes which will never stop fascinating me, your soft curly hair... I love your bloody experiments, human parts in the fridge, your amazing deductions, even your insults because I know you don't mean them... "
Sherlock continued to fold John's lips with passion and gentleness and it seemed like the most natural thing he has ever done. Their noses weren't getting in their way, their faces fit perfectly together like a puzzle. John tasted amazing, he guessed that he had something sweet, a cupcake perhaps...
The detective's weight refused to go down, even despite the significant change in detective's diet the cushion of fat attached to his belly remained the same.
" You look sad too..." John noted when he let his hands slip down from his face. " You're not being so silent usually... Of course, you're only a figment of my fantasy... But you're speaking with me every day..."
Today 10:26 PM
His fast tirade was cut off by John's scared voice.
" I guess so... But what would you say if we'll have this conversation in the morning? When you'll recover?" Sherlock suggested, he needed to prepare for that talk about them two.
After a blissful while without feeling sore he opened his eyes and took a look at the clock.
He was about to head to his room and workout for a while when his phone buzzed in his pocket.
" Sherlock?" The doctor said after a couple of minutes.
" You were there..." Sherlock whispered in a hollow voice and cursed himself for letting his voice waver. Emotions weren't an advantage!
The bedside lamp met the glossy surface with a loud crack and the satisfying sound of shattering glass filled the room. The lamp hit the floor, soon accompanied by the big mirror which tumbled from the frame on Sherlock's wardrobe and smashed into sharp fragments.
The sleeping detective huffed contentedly through his nose and his big hand with long thick fingers slid across John's muscular breasts. John shivered when Sherlock's warm breath fanned his neck, and the palm on his heart warmed him not just from the outside, but from the inside too.
Returning back to the reality, Greg cleared his throat and tidied his jacket.
" Sherlock! SHERLOCK!"
" Oh my Goodness, they tortured you because of ME... " repeated doctor. The guilt almost suffocated him. How can be so calm about this?
After a half hour, Sherlock was sitting on the couch, still shirtless. John had cleared some of his very bad scratches, but it was so painful! Finally, it was over. John said that it will be only better.
The detective tried to keep his voice calm and steady, but inside he was trembling. " Um... That's a burned hole I guess."
Greg ruffled his silver hair . Sherlock liked to have John back. He may not show it, but Greg knew that the detective was really glad to see him. And so was John.
He was still wearing the soggy clothes - the tight purple shirt looked almost black and drops of water dripped from Sherlock's well-tailored black trousers. John didn't understand why the detective hasn't changed from the freezing clothes he wore...
To the battle...
Donovan ran her hand with red manicured nails through her curly hair and shook her head. " Don't get used to it... I've never liked you and I never will, because you're an arrogant arsehole. But I can't stand the people who makes fun of the way someone looks like..." She told him, completely honest. Sally wasn't saint and she knew that, but she would never go that far to humiliate someone for their appearance. Not even if that 'someone' was Sherlock Holmes.
" Thank you, John..." Sherlock said, gratefully took the mug and raised it to his lips to take a sip. Then he took a look at the doctor from head to toes.
But Sherlock wasn't proud of himself, he knew that he was acting like a coward, hiding from his best friend as if he was about to hurt him.
John took a small sip from his cup and smiled at his companion, at a nice ginger girl with a cute round face who sat at the opposite side of the table was playing with the spoon in her coffee and created some pictures in the cream.
The detective shook his head, looking down at his knees. " No, John, I'm the one who should be sorry... I let you grief for me for two years. But I had to do it... I-I had to protect you..." He whispered softly.
John watched the scene in front of him with wide eyes, this wasn't just a nightmare, typical for fever. This was something Sherlock had experienced and John doubted this was his first bad dream like that...
The doctor closed his bloodshot eyes, reddened from tears of sickness.
His brother was sitting on the floor. He rested his chin on his knees, which were pressed to his chest. He looked so young and tiny, suddenly he was a little boy again. Memories about comforting his crying little brother when he was called such horrible nicknames in school never left his mind.
“Is something bothering you?” Sherlock replied (oh for Heaven’s sake – it was catching!).
“We should have a party more often if it gets you into the kitchen,” John observed, reaching out to snaffle a couple only to received a sharp rap on the wrist from Sherlock who had crept up behind him.
“He might deduce, he’s not as much of an idiot as you like to make out, and Mrs Watson will certainly know the score”
Lestrade said it was understandable that a mistake had been made, that in the heat of the moment, at a time when emotions were running high, someone might easily overlook such a trivial factor, and the error go unremarked.
Crowley sneered, “You are not in my league. Now Mary Morstan, fiancée of John Watson, who is she?”
Then turning to the Duke and his assistant, he gave them his sweetest smile. “Thank you, your Grace… and if I locate your son in the process, I will not hesitate to let you know.”
“Do you think you could teach me to dance?”
“When you’re suicidal. You’re allowed chips, trust me. It’s about the only perk”
Sherlock ended the call and said, “That was my contact at Scotland Yard; Reuben and Julie Hayes have been arrested, the local force are bringing Arthur back to you now, unharmed, physically at least.”
It was a rum way to earn a living, but it suited him better than he might have expected. True the punters were the worst kind of morons with their banal enquiries, the tedious triumvirate of love, money and death.
“The cleaner states this cupboard has been inaccessible since the key went missing four and half years ago, and I am satisfied that she believes she is telling the truth. However the lock is an 80mm 5 Lever Mortice Deadlock manufactured in Birmingham by Patterson and Cooper Ltd locksmiths since 1779. Disregarding the fact that this is a very substantial lock to use to secure an insignificant internal door there is also the issue that the manufacturers only became Patterson and Cooper when the companies, R. D. Patterson & Sons and Cooper’s Imperial Metals merged three years ago, and as they only started using their new brand logo on their stock at the beginning of this year, I would suggest that the lock has been changed at some point in the last eleven months.”
“Alex got involved with a girl from the village, one of the Wilder girls, Joanna. She was as crazy as he was, nothing she wasn’t up for. Any road, she ended up in the family way, and James was the result. Alex was no more than about twenty-two then, I guess he didn’t want to be tied down, but neither did she. They left the baby with Jo’s older sister Julie and off they went. Julie had married the landlord of the Fighting Cock, that’s the pub just on the left as you go into the village, they didn’t have any children of their own.”
He has to agree his sister has a point.
“Can you wait for me?” John pleads, trying not to sound pathetic.
He and Aziraphale may have only seen each other once every century or so, until recently that is, but for the last six millennia it had been an inexplicable source of comfort that there was one entity on earth who knew exactly where Crowley was coming from. They might have been led by circumstances to be loners but in their friendship, they were not alone. Now Crowley was being forced to share.
“You do not mean to seriously suggest that Dr Watson rode off on a bicycle in the dead of the night, carrying a struggling boy on the crossbars?”
Armed with the mobile numbers of a couple of Freddie’s contacts who were more specialist in the area of jewel theft and having borrowed a few of the tools of Freddie’s previous trade, (breaking and entering), Sherlock went back to Baker Street to await the arrival of his client.
“No, it’s fine, I’m not stopping” Molly paused for a moment to really look at Sherlock, she had seen him at his best and at his worst, today was somewhere in between, still in his pyjamas, although perfectly decent, unshaven but no more than a day’s stubble, hair rather untidy as it he had raked it with his fingers rather than a comb, eyes bright but the pupils normal and not blown. She decided in her medical opinion Sherlock wasn’t high, but then she’d been fooled before.
“What a woman, John, she is superb, magnificent, what courage, what unconquerable spirit in the face of tragedy.”
Alas hope dies before it gains expression; the calculating look the man is giving John contains no hint of recognition.
“Cut that out, just tell me. Mary Morstan, who is she?”
Mrs Hudson was referring to the tall, brown haired man, standing close behind Molly, holding a medium size organ transportation box tightly in both hands.
“Not at all, I thought you would probably want to examine his room, so I fetched the spare set from the Bursar’s office while you were in with the Duke. Although, when we discovered John was missing, his room wasn’t locked. Dr Huxtable has ordered it to be locked since.”
“Mary Sutherland senior, now Mrs Windibank, argued that ‘Aunty’ had always promised to take care of her after her husband, Thomas Sutherland, died and that she was the niece referred to in the will.
“Neither. Now, Mr Holmes, thank you for agreeing to meet me. I should like the opportunity to discuss your brother.”
Sherlock didn’t know if he was ok or not. He pulled himself into an almost sitting position and gradually the nightmare receded, to be replaced with the smooth comfort of the luxurious bed and the warmth that was radiating from the naked body beside him.
“I like dancing.” Sherlock replied defensively.
“Really? Seemed rather innocuous at the time. I wonder what happened to him?”
Alice hesitated, “He’s not to be put under any strain but at the same time I am sure he would do anything to help Paul. I am about to go to the hospital to visit him. I will let you know once I have spoken to him.”
“They started up under the old Duke, case of having to, the estate was bankrupt, and it’s hard to stop something once you’ve started, particularly if it is making money. We’ll need that even more from now on.”
Then one day John was searching on the internet for something else he discovered a website improbably called
“Yes”
“Because once you have eliminated the impossible in this case, you have eliminated it all, nothing remains.”
John bristled and squared up to his flatmate “No, you cock! It’s not unintentional at all. I wrote the poem for you”
Although John had now been awake for over twenty-four hours and Sherlock for even longer, neither of them wished to linger in Norfolk now the case had reached its sorry conclusion. They made their way to the shed at the back of the house where the Aston had been parked along with the other vehicles to disguise their presence from Garvey in silence. On reaching the car Sherlock handed John the keys with a curt “you drive” before folding himself into the passenger seat, bundled into his coat, and with his face to the window.
“Ralph Fell? Ralph Fell! He’s one of Sherlock’s clients, how the heck has he got himself invited to our wedding?”
Except that he could not ignore the phone for long as the wretched thing kept beeping at him every couple of minutes. Usually he was able to tune out extraneous noises, but this time the phone defeated him. Sherlock got up from the couch to switch it off, glancing at the screen as he did so. But it wasn’t the corporate banker who had messaged him, it was John, the John whom he believed to be sound asleep upstairs.
“Enough!”
Crowley realised that was the only information he was going to get; he could hardly frighten the man to death, he was dead already. He turned back into his snake form to make his way back to the escalators.
John mentioned his need for employment to his tutor who recommend him for a temporary post at a small private school in Dorset. The contract was only for a term to cover maternity leave and it was unlikely that John would have been appointed had any more suitable candidates applied. But the school needed someone immediately and was prepared to overlook John’s lack of experience provided he was prepared to live in.
“I am.”
“I beg your pardon.”
“I know you are.”
Dr Huxtable looked startled at this. “I thought you knew the man, have you forgotten Dr Watson walks with a pronounced limp?”
“Yeah, that’s right… books, in your bookshop.”
“One step at a time, Sherlock. We’ll need to get the holidays over before we can do anything permanent. So tomorrow afternoon… ok?”
“I thought you might be interested to hear about Patrick. He was operated on two days ago; a top surgeon came from London”
John put on his sympathetic doctor face that also made Sherlock want to scream, but he managed to hold that back and said “Molly said I should talk to you”
“Didn’t they tell you?” Alice exclaimed, “He suffered a stroke the day after Mr Cloete died, he has been in the cottage hospital ever since!”
John, walking slowly and painfully across Russell Square Gardens, head down to avoid the sight of the British Museum, is so deep in thought that he does not immediately respond to the sound of his own name being called.
“What’s that got to do with anything?” answered the soldier, "What’s the point of surviving a war if the Queen demands I spin gold out of straw and will take my life if I don’t do it.”
As neither of them could think of anything to say to that, they sat in silence for a while until Aziraphale sighed loudly and said.
After Sherlock leaves, Molly reaches for her phone – time to move on she thinks, checking Bumble.
“Really?” Aziraphale exclaimed.
John decided at that moment, that alongside being a soldier (retired) and a doctor (part time) he would be a blogger and write up the tales of his beloved’s amazing powers of deduction, of the crimes he had solved and the villains he had brought to justice, so that everyone knew the name of Sherlock Holmes and it was remembered for all time.
"I think we should take care of the baby" Sherlock said.
The doctor knew very well what and how deep his feelings were  for Sherlock, but at that moment he felt that he had missed an opportunity to voice them: when the detective had made his statement, John's throat had contracted for the emotion of the moment and because of his impending orgasm, thus ruining the only chance he had to "declare" his love to Sherlock.
John had been his companion for five years, they had lived together for eighteen months, how could he not find anything to help him make their situation better?
The waiter led them to a table, obviously near the stained-glass window on the street, and after getting rid of their coats, the two men sat opposite each other.
"You never make me do anything fun" said sounding like a six-year-old boy.
-Of course not! It would seem that we have something to hide.
The sound of the music on the credits interrupted their silent speech by bringing the eyes of the blonde to the little girl.
He freed his arm from the hold of the other man and responded to Sherlock's furious look, with equal fury.
Well, I see a strong and courageous man.
_______________________________________
Em, they are...-said John making introduction.
-Right... Ok I’m gonna ask: what's our  problem? -asked John, sitting in his own armchair and leaning forward to retrieve his own teacup.
Aware of Misha's sitting on Sherlock’s shoulders and Hope and Greg sitting behind him, John ended the kiss way too soon and got lost in Sherlock’s ice-blue eyes.
If anything had happened to John, Sherlock would never have forgiven him.
Greg rose one eyebrow, clearly confused.
The next moment three menus were placed on the table by the same waiter, along with an extinguished candle that was placed in the center of the table.
Hamish Watson nodded, then turned to the church.
Obviously, John and Sherlock could not stay together just for Hamish's sake, it was a terrible foundation for a relationship, but on the other hand, in his messages the detective had acknowledged his mistake and admitted that what had driven him to behave in that absurd way had been jealousy...
Driven by love and instinct, John kissed Sherlock's parted lips one more time.
Songs:
John opened his eyes in disbelief: if Elizabeth Watson had been outside the door, Sherlock would have been in big troubles as soon as they had come face to face.
Mr. Watson merely shrugged his shoulders.
-Did you really believe that I was fucking Daniel?- Greg asked in a detached voice, as if he were working to caricature him.
-It wasn't easy to come back after all this time and realize that my deductions were wrong...- he started.
-Why don't you play something? -he asked.
Greg reassured him and shortly afterwards the two friends said goodbye.
Mycroft shook his head.
A round of phone calls had confirmed her arrival for that weekend, followed by a series of wacky projects that had been changed several times within a few days.
A tapered hand gently stroked his hair, taking him completely by surprise, and leading him to hold his breath, almost waiting for a slap immediately after the gentle touch.
In the next hour Molly showed him the "bases".
Not forgetting the possibility of your daughter getting sick, the chances are high living on the street, this will bring your case to the attention of Social Services, but a good knowledge of the streets of London could buy you some time and make you disappear from their attention for a while, at least until you decide to use your daughter to beg like other beggars before you...-continued undaunted Sherlock, never abandoning Baby Girl’s eyes.
I will produce the best honey of the last twenty years and you can finally write that book that you have been postponing for a long time...-said Sherlock without false modesty or doubts, as if he could see clearly in their future.
Despite suffering because of her, Sherlock had chosen Irene over him to destroy Moriarty's criminal web.
Mary kissed her daughter again quickly and then walked to the door.
what further motivation could be behind that proposal, and above all, how much of everything that had happened so far was already in a file color vanilla in Mycroft's hands.
-We both needed a roommate, an acquaintance introduced us and... -
I want to spend the rest of my life with you, chasing criminals, raising our children, and letting you take care of my bruises and wounds while you complain every time for my recklessness- Sherlock continued  getting a smile from John.
-John's avoiding you, isn't he? -
", but he had the distinct feeling that, in this case, no one would notice his disappearance, so much would be accurate the work by the Ministry to erase all traces of its existence.
The detective sat up, clearly surprised.
What was the point now to explain to him what caused the rift between them?
When Sherlock and I were born, our cousins were already almost all teenagers so the only company we had during our childhood was that of the other and the various nannies-
"You're not really going to let it go, are you?" asked John, pulling himself away from his thoughts.
Sherlock looked down for an instant.
“Are you still fighting?" Greg asked again.
This time it was Sherlock’s turn to frown, clearly confused: John was staying?
Sherlock rolled his eyes and move closer to John's face, kissing his left cheek before rubbing the tip of his nose against John’s left ear, heedless of the annoying music that still rang out in the living room.
"I can't take the baby away from her" he muttered.
"But as I said, there is a solution to our problem" Sherlock said, bringing the focus of both men to the main topic.
Instead, in those five days, driven by the knowledge that Daniel needed him, he had made sure to go home every night at a decent time, bringing with him the paperwork he would otherwise fill in his office and takeaway for their dinner.
The mere fact that they were both sitting at that table was clearly a sign of fate.
-Sherlock you may be a genius, but sometimes you're really an idiot- he simply said.
Why was he talking to Hamish as if they had all the time in the world or as if his presence in the child's life was a certainty?
I keep thinking about how sad and miserable he was after her disappearance, how attracted he was to her...
Nothing more.
-Did you ever tell her about me? -he decided to ask.
-Jam or syrup? -John asked him the slightly hoarse voice.
-Mrs. Hudson doesn't mind. She scolds me enough too" he replied, but at the same time he stepped aside to allow her mother to come in.
"I have to get ready for work" said John, turning to Sherlock.
Lestrade shook his head.
"Shut up!" scolded Molly, before resuming the speech- You were aware, thanks to your huge brain, that it wouldn't be easy, but you were convinced that things would settle down once John got rid of his own anger...-
-A date- confirmed Sherlock before getting up and having Hamish sit in the playpen full of toys that they had arranged in the living room in perfect view with the detective's unorganized desk.
John tried to smile and relax.
His father nodded slowly.
At those words John frowned.
Hands clasped next to his mouth, Sherlock thought carefully, feeling the nicotine circulating and tidying up his confused thoughts.
-How would I know? I had no other terms of comparison-rebutted Sherlock defensive.
) to try a different look at the last moment before deciding that he preferred the previous one, arrange the knot to the tie so that it was perfectly in the center (
Or rather he had returned to London, he would have really only come home when he set foot at 221B Baker Street.
-Sherlock! I knew you'd be back!" she said with an excited voice.
"What about tonight?" he asked again.
She trusted him to the point of entrusting him with the education and growth of her own son, convinced also that John would be a moral example for the child more than his own father and would be able to help him in the real-life problems that Hamish would have growing up.
John raised an eyebrow.
"Why are you telling me all this?" the inspector asked.
-How did you do that? I didn't even tell Robert...
-To tell you what? We hadn't eaten in two days, and I linked fainting to hunger-
This was John's hunting territory, being even considered by John was for those guys an acknowledgment, something to brag about, and the mere fact that John had chosen Sherlock that night made him the object of their jealousy.
Clearly hungry, Hamish ravenously sucked from his bottle without ever turning his gaze away from John's face as if he were afraid to see him suddenly disappear if only he had turned his attention elsewhere for a few moments.
Emma stopped to greet Mrs. Hudson who, as every time when the child was their guest, had made chocolate and blueberry muffins just for her; for nearly an hour Emma and Mrs. Hudson sat in the woman's kitchen, and the little girl recounted what had happened to her since the last time they had seen each other.
Sherlock shrugged.
Sherlock nodded slowly.
"Perhaps because I was unconsciously aware that they weren't the right person for my romance" he replied, placing a slight kiss on the detective's full lips.
"What did you tell him?" asked Greg again, trying not to listen to the voice in his head yelling at him to find Daniel before it was too late.
-First drawer...-said Sherlock, licking his lower lip to capture John's taste.
-My job.
"The one you're dating" John explained.
Lying on his sister's couch, John re-read the conversation he had with Sherlock until a few minutes before, then left his phone on the tea table and stared without seeing the ceiling wrapped in darkness.
-I don’t really understand how you complicated things like this. And in such a short time! -added Jack before taking a sip from his own cup.
The doctor nodded slowly and reflected on what he might say to help Baby Girl. Now that Sherlock had opened that Pandora's box his feelings were all too clear, but John couldn't let them distract him from the girl and her situation: John wanted to raise that little girl with Sherlock, he wanted her to be part of their crazy family, but at the same time he wanted to give a future to Baby Girl, to make sure that she understood the motivations behind their gesture and did not feel excluded or even worse she did not consider herself the mean to achieve their purpose.
For most governments I'm officially dead, do you think it's the ideal condition to raise a child? -she asked him, bringing the small cup to her face.
Hello everyone!
-Of course not! I check that nothing serious happens to him because I worry about him"  Mycroft replied quietly.
He went back to look at the little girl still next to him and realized that she was going to ask him another question.
You're the only love I've ever known
And it might be the cue to invite John out a second time...-suggested Greg.
Right now, he had other priorities...
-Affectionate. Kind... It has a good smell-added Emma at the end, making Sherlock smile.
-Who, John? -
John always forgave him; he would do it this time too.
John lowered his head  and kissed him, instantly adapting to the slow pace of the kiss, brushing gently against Sherlock's lower lip, letting Sherlock decide when and whether to deepen the kiss.
Another path, however, would have shown him an unexplored world.
With quick movements, John grabbed the hem of the T-shirt Sherlock was wearing and pushed it upwards, throwing it the next moment somewhere on the floor of the living room, following the reverse path that a few moments earlier had taken the shirt with his lips, licking and kissing Sherlock’s protruding collarbone and the chiseled pectorals leaving his mark along the way on Sherlock perfect pale skin, kissing and teasing the brown nipples with the tip of his tongue until they were stiff under his lips.
John nodded and picked up the detective's phone to call the restaurant and placed the order.
"Are you fucking kidding me?" asked Harry raising a little her voice.
John focused on the book he had in his hands and the music that had always helped him overcome the silence of the empty apartment and slowly forgot the presence of the intruder, until his cup of tea was empty.
You know you only hurt yourself out of spite
-Hold a minute, John! Calm down...
- I have a son, Hamish... He's almost eight months old and lives with me, but there's no one else besides him-
A normal person, after leaving Baker Street, would have gone to his apartment for the first time in three days, instead of getting lost in the sporadic traffic that ran through London at night, driving aimlessly, lost in his thoughts with Sherlock's words still running in his head.
Without any care, he tore up the wrapping paper and discovered a simple, white box.
It took me a while to figure it out because the girl wasn't here, and I'm sure you'd get there too if you'd gone beyond your disappointment at the lack of a interesting crime- John said bringing the other to roll his eyes again.
-Donovan? -
On the one hand I applaud his choice for discretion, but on the other it was really a bad decision- commented as if it were a secondary thought.
-Sherlock's brother- explained John.
A breath of relief came to his ear, taking him by surprise: if Sherlock showed up there, it meant that Mycroft knew where he had hidden and consequently Greg, so why was the inspector so relieved to hear his voice?
Lying to me, to Mrs. Hudson to Greg was the only way? -asked John clearly angry.
John quickly sought further reasons to end that unseemly conversation: he could tell her that he didn't want to know, that he didn't need any more information, that the mere fact that they had been together annoyed him; but another part of his brain (
-Are you two a couple like you and Dad were? - she asked then, venting her curiosity.
-Well done Boss-
-Do you always ask all these questions?" he had asked her the next moment.
And that our sweet John has many aces up his sleeve which certainly contributed to the making of that nickname.
"Who is Mycroft? “asked Jack.
The doctor's blue ocean eyes met the detective's icy-blue eyes, obscured by passion and desire, and John smiled with satisfaction before taking Sherlock's hand in his and exiting the kitchen headed for the stairs leading to his bedroom.
"I don't think so" he retorted, turning around and heading back to the elevator.
You have no idea how much diapers and clothes they need, not counting bottles, but in this you are advantaged since you can breastfeed her.
"Call it curiosity" Greg replied, his gaze always fixed on the boy's face.
You are the BEST! ^_^
It had been an hour since John had left their apartment.
-Well, it seems obvious to me why... John must be really sexually frustrated if he decided to go back with that man" he said, looking for a logical thread in his thoughts.
"I couldn’t have said better" said the detective.
"I can't fight this feeling" by REO Speedwagon
Detaching himself from Sherlock's perfect mouth, John’s lips moved on his right cheek and cheekbone, teasing his long and white neck with his teeth, while his hands slid on his chest and focused on the small buttons of his shirt, freeing the former from the slot.
"So, what were you waiting for?" asked Sherlock in a calm voice, aware that this further annoyed John.
With quick steps Greg stepped out of the bedroom again, overtaking Mycroft again in the doorway, before suddenly turning to the man.
He thought back to the silence that had invaded Baker Street for weeks and to the umpteenth wall that John had raised against him after the press conference.
-He would never say yes-
John...
After that I was in Kabul and finally in Afghanistan- John recalled.
-Luckily few men consider a crime scene and a chase through the streets of London romantic – teased back Jack before taking a bite of his pancakes, thus allowing the words to hover in the room yet a few more Instant.
Again, John shook his head.
-Well, you're going to have to start somewhere, right?
Or to certain death for daring to stick his nose where he wasn't allowed.
-Go to hell Jack! We’re only ten minutes late- Greg retorts as he heads to the kitchen to lay the takeaway boxes.
Jack let go of a slight laugh before meeting his friend's gaze.
"Obviously” the detective simple answered, trying to bring his attention back to the roommate, despite the thousand questions that crowded into his mind looking for answers about John's clothes and person.
If it weren't for that scar now you wouldn't be here and…-
Much better.
"Hey!" Boss scolded him, ready to defend what he now considered like a daughter.
"I promise I'll explain everything to you, or at least everything I know, but now I need to be alone with Sherlock for five minutes" she said.
Lady Violet nodded.
-Please don't start talking about feelings! If I wanted the feeling talk, I'd have stayed home and watched soap operas with Mrs. Hudson! - interrupted Sherlock, his own work completely abandoned on the table in front of him.
They settled on the couch and Greg turned on the TV on the news channel, but lowered the volume to a minimum, aware that his partner would be able to follow each service by reading the anchorwoman's lips.
Should he go inside and face Gregory right away?
"If it goes on like this, I'm going to end up forgetting what a crime scene is like-" Sherlock said.
"So you're back? For good?" asked Sherlock once again in need of yet another assurance.
Once his speech was over, however, both the girl and Boss stared at him in disbelief, without saying a word, as if they expected him to continue his speech.
He had to start thinking about temporary accommodation: Sherlock loved that apartment and after all he found it first thanks to Mrs. Hudson, but John could not share the Baker Street apartment with the happy family.
You know I'm more receptive after my first cup of tea-added John.
Molly hinted a smile, not at all offended by that comment, happy with the presence of the man in the room.
Sherlock tilted his head to the right and put a kiss on the doctor's hair.
-John.... -
There was clearly a common thread, with which Sherlock tried to make him aware of those feelings to which he could not give voice in person but which he knew were important to John.
Something Sherlock had to find out at any cost.
It was absurd to think that he was about to enter that sacred place in a Scotland Yard patrol car while far more powerful and elegant cars had passed though that gate... A childhood dream shattered!
They walked out of the alley and walked again along Frith Street in silence until they reached one of the few premises still open at that time.
-All right. I'm Greg. And now let's get something to eat-
-Did you erase everything about Shakespeare, Sherlock?- John asked him as he approached the group again.
Maybe he wasn't doing so badly so far.
-Oh, Jack, you're here too. A tea would be welcome, thank you-added Mrs. Hudson moving around the kitchen, casting a quick glance at John and Sherlock.
Because it was hard to forgive and forget.
________________________________
Sally remained silent for a few moments, still undecided on whether to confess or not, before exhaling acquiescent.
This Web Page was Built with PageBreeze
"Are you trying to discourage me?" asked John to Sherlock.
Sherlock was there.
The old man stared at Sherlock for a few moments.
"It's all right" he murmured, looking for the right words to free Sherlock from his disquiet, letting his hand slip through the detective's rebellious hair.
Daniel arched the eyebrow of his healthy eye, observing him with a suspicious look.
The American Airlines boing completed its descent with leaps and tussles, before the pilot activated the brakes to hold the huge beast and prevent it from crashing into another plane or in one of the fields surrounding the runways.
-So, don't listen to the disapproval, it's just proof that your father is surrounded by idiotic people most of the time... Despite appearances, you could not have a better dad.
-I also know that this child would be my only chance to start a family in case I decided to stay with Sherlock, but...
John nodded, trying to get rid of the confusion in his head.
-I wouldn't say, no. It’s obvious that you can't help me with this boring case-replied Sherlock dryly.
His father shut up, and in that instant, John saw him for what he really was: a hero.
Once shaved and dressed, he went downstairs and had a quick breakfast before putting on his coat, checking that his wallet and house keys were in his pockets, where he had left them the day before and went out.
With a frowned forehead, too many questions that crowded his mind, aware that the doctor was making small talk to calm the atmosphere and, at the same time, aware that after the mere exchange of jokes Boss had begun to ignore him, Sherlock continued to observe the interaction between the two  men and wonder how long they had known each other, how long  John had started to provide medical care to his network of informants and why he had never known anything about it.
-As far as I'm concerned, you can move here if it will make your life easier-said Jack getting up from the couch and taking his laptop from the desk not far away.
-Not at all.
"I don't know how happy Mrs. Hudson would be" said John.
"It’s a curious way to describe him” he replied.
Greg passed a hand through his short grey hair and went back to look at Sherlock.
Sherlock looked over his left shoulder and saw her sigh.
________________________________
-No thanks. It's something I feel I must do on my own" John said.
"Do you think he's going to let me explain?" asked Sherlock, his gaze fixed before him.
“After all these years you still manage to amaze me, William...” John murmured so that only the detective could hear him.
She's like the severed body parts in my fridge- he said, leading the other to arch a surprised eyebrow. -  An experiment... We had a great intellectual affinity, but nothing else- Sherlock explained.
“You're right.
"I did what I thought was the right thing" the other man said.
-Alright, I get it. Let’s go" he said.
-It's not an invitation is an order to which you can't back down- intervened Lady Violet.
Mrs. Hudson drank a few sips from her cup in silence and Sherlock did the same, letting fall a comfortable silence into the kitchen.
As it should be- said Jack.
-I've been on the verge of killing myself several times, and every time in a different way: shooting myself, throwing myself off the roof, or an overdose.
-Fuck! - she said.
-John…-did Greg by stepping towards him.
-However, to answer your question yes, it's hard to find a place where behind the outward normality you practice extreme sex.
John frowned at that question.
But Mycroft will be ready to make him regret that little mistake in the future.
Despite everything, John hadn't stopped worrying about him...
And, despite their many flaws, nothing was better than the Holmes family.
Until then John had always attributed that reluctancy to a coldness in family relationships, to parents who were absent or who had disowned Sherlock because of his past with drugs or for his work, but hearing Lady Holmes speak had led him to thinking again and wondering why Sherlock had kept that part of himself hidden from him, when there were no secrets between them.
-They've become very intimate. -
He could ask his sister for hospitality for a few weeks, at least until he found decent accommodation and, in the meantime, he could store his belongings (the ones that didn't fit in his military bag) in Greg's old apartment.
The detective turned towards John, throwing  a look surprised and interested at the same time to John.
The other three guests were already sitting around the table on bar stools, food neatly placed in the center of the table so that it was easily accessible for everyone, and Greg occupied his seat next to Sally.
In the last few days the doctor had noticed the looks Sherlock had sent him when he thought he was distracted, he had felt the warmth that that enormous intelligence unleashed when it was on him, but he had controlled himself and tried to be unperturbed.
It was clearly the oldest, as demonstrated by the texts in various languages all perfectly aligned on the bookshelves and the various portraits that adorned the walls.
"You always watch me while I’m work" he pointed out.
Sherlock moved his head slightly to meet John’s gaze that close, the doctor's fluffy hair stroking his cheek.
-Do you think I don't know? At least I don't have secret admirers ready to skin you for our fake relationship-commented Jack before taking the last sip from their own bottle, before getting up and heading to the kitchen to get another pair.
I always imagined this moment while you were away and, believe me, there is nothing I would like more than to make love with you, but with every attention you have I wonder if she taught you, I continue to make comparisons...-
"Don't answer…" he said before catching the earlobe between his teeth.
To him, his words had seemed like a promise to take care of the little girl and Baby Girl, but at the same time the girl may have interpreted his speech as beautiful and useless words behind which to hide the intention of wanting to separate mother and daughter.
Conversation between the two housemates was minimal, mostly focused on Hamish, and Sherlock had not escaped John's total disinterest in his meals, or the hours of sleep slept by the detective.
Emma quickly shook her head and ran towards Sherlock, grabbing the sleeve of his dressing gown, surprising everyone in the room.
I would have done the same thing, you know that, but you know as well as I do that we are the boring part of the couple- John pointed out. -Our partners are two of the most insecure and low-self-esteemed men I've ever known... You saw what happened last week between Sherlock and that witness - John reminded him trying to prove his thesis.
Sherlock nodded slowly, the inspector's words confirming his suspicions.
For an hour he focused on the work, determined to give his best, like his mother could come out on the porch at any moment to check how he was doing, with a plate of biscuits in one hand and a cup of tea in the other.
After stopping briefly at Mrs. Hudson, the two men soon found themselves inside a cab, heading for their destination.
"What was it like sleeping with John?"he asked in a clear, authoritative voice.
-You learned how to do surgeries in a battlefield, I don't think you need another degree to change a diaper-comment sarcastic the older man.
(See the end of the chapter for
Just give him time…- Greg said from the kitchen, where he had begun looking for cutlery for their dinner.
"What about you? How was your day?" asked Greg, slowly stroking Mycroft’s arm.
Mycroft Holmes opened and closed his right hand around the handle of his umbrella and gave him a tired smile.
-Who's Mycroft? - Emma stepped in looking at both men.
-There was a time, years ago, when I genuinely hoped that our friendship could become something more serious, but then he...
John nodded, while a saddened expression took hold of his face; it was evident that in a few moments he would move away from him, so Sherlock strengthened the squeeze around the John’s hips, and forced him to meet his gaze again.
John nodded slowly, aware of the importance of that night.
-What about your girlfriends? -
") and was able, with a little help, to get rid of the symbol of his own weaknesses: the cane- concluded the detective.
Completely indifferent to the conversation that was taking place around him, John had begun to look around the room, tiptoeing into Alison's world, looking at photos of a honey-haired girl with brown eyes along with her friends, with her parents, and especially with Tom, the boy for whom she was willing to die.
John slowly stroked his companion's black curls, almost reflecting on the next sentence.
-However...-continued Mycroft changing the subject- As you saw from the file, after a long period of leave he resumed working at the clinic and reached a respectable position for someone like him-
Sherlock stood up and walked a few steps away from her, his hands behind his back, missing for a moment his black coat.
"I'm a citizen of the world" Daniel said, after brushing off half of his sandwich and wrapping the other half in a napkin.
He’s the Big Brother Greg... So I strongly suggest that you talk to him about this as soon as possible before he finds out for himself- John pointed out, in his mind the memory of the first encounter with Mycroft and the ease with which the older Holmes had manipulated the cameras only to give him a demonstration of his power.
-What do you mean? -
-We'd better go home. It's getting late and I'm really starting to get cold-commented John at the end.
-Doc…-
John took a long sip from his cup, sure Hamish wouldn't let go of the bottle, letting the man get lost in his thoughts for a few moments before asking him the question that was tormenting him since the previous morning.
Sherlock turned to his brother: only one other person knew him as well as Mycroft, so the man must know that that question was useless.
Sherlock nodded.
Given the age difference between me and Mycroft, at the time of my birth, there was more than one person who believed he was my grandfather instead of my father- started Sherlock.
Before Greg could respond in tone to his friend's tease, a shadow came upon them, leading John to turn slightly to the left, his muscles immediately straining for the possible danger.
-I have to apologize, too. Fuck... I'm sorry for the way I behaved yesterday and especially for the things I said.
Why didn't you tell him the truth, Sherlock?
Congratulations! - John added, turning his back and moving a slightly trembling hand through his hair.
-Many things, Sherlock: you might come to see me more often, you could cut those hairs that are definitely out of control, but most of all you could make me  aware of your plans when you decide to stage your own death-she answered.
"That's debatable" Greg said.
I know it sounds strange...- John said, looking at Boss who had been silent since the beginning of that conversation.
-Okay, okay, okay, do we want to start? I bet you can't wait to see your baby-asked John pulling himself together and staring once again at Baby Girl.
What now, my love, now that you left me?
The first time I saw him, he was with Greg, I offered him a drink and we danced together for a while.
It wasn't a big shock to me, it was years since I first saw her locking herself in the room with her friends or sneaking out of her window when our parents went to sleep, but for a couple of months we were the city's favorite gossip-
Upon his return to the living room, three voices engaged in pleasantries came to his ear and moments later John appeared again on the threshold stepping aside to bring in Baby Girl and Boss.
"But if you want, you can join me at Sarah's when I'm done-he offered.
I get so emotional, baby
Surely Irene had been prodigal of attention, and Sherlock as a good pupil had undoubtedly learned all her tricks.
-Obviously not-
John stood still, trying to overcome the impulse to meet the detective's gaze and the even stronger one to leave the room, acting as a coward.
-So what was all the urgency? -he asked when Greg opened the door and let him into the house.
An ironic sound escaped from the inspector's closed lips, leading Sherlock to arch an eyebrow.
With his death everything stopped making sense to me, the world went on and I could not understand how it was possible, because my life stopped the moment when... when he had disappeared-.
-Hey, don't look at me like that! I'm not the only one to believe you were a couple.
"Would you like a cup of tea?" asked the doctor again, trying to play all his cards to the best of his ability to impress Sherlock's mother.
-Boredom, loneliness... You pick. We had to pass the time somehow...
"Well,  if I remember your words from yesterday morning, it was over between us, so I assumed that..." the detective explained.
All that would be unusual for her, here is normality- he replied.
-Yes. His name is Hamish and his arrival was a surprise to both me and Sherlock-he told them looking once again at Baby Girl.
"What did you mean?" Greg finally asked.
It must be something serious, otherwise you wouldn't have left your apartment-asked Harry, looking at him cautiously.
"Shall we?" asked the detective, a hand on the handle.
"You were just trying to get them to stop harassing your sister" said Sherlock perfectly capable to see a teenage John fist fighting a bunch of kids to defend his sister's honor.
No one else knew him as well as he did, and not only because of his deductions, but thanks to years of life together, always in close contact.
A grimace stretched the detective's lips.
-Use your imagination. Usually what do you and his father do together? -asked Mr. Watson.
Sherlock remained silent, fiddling with the plastic cup in front of him, reliving in his memory every single moment of the eighteen months spent with John, looking for that detail that had clearly eluded him, that half-word, that missed gesture that would change the course of their friendship.
That night, Sherlock had fallen asleep against his chest, his head under John's chin, his long legs folded so he could meet the doctor's shorter ones, showing for the first time in years to another person his need for love and protection.
-Well... The premises are decidedly positive...- John whispered at close range from his face.
I imagined that he was one of the youngest analysts,(born in 1920) around 20-ish; so this means that he was 15 years older than Mrs.Holmes(born 1935). They met around 1953 while Mrs. Holmes was a student and got married in 1960. Mycroft was born in 1969 and Sherlock in 1976 when Mr. Holmes was 49 and 56. Mr.Holmes died when Mycroft was 25 and Sherlock was 18 at the age of 74.
What was he supposed to do?
-So, it's partly right to say that Irene broke my heart, but it didn't happen because of the loss of a mistress, but because of the disappearance of a friend-concluded Sherlock, a hand engaged in slow strokes on Hamish's back.
Wealthy family, private schools, a large group of friends and girls.
-Honey, after five years you still feel the need to take it slow? I'd understand if either of you were a virgin, but...-
After a quick sandwich dinner, Emma had settled in the middle of the sofa, right in front of the television, demanding that the two men sit one to her right and the other to her left.
-Why do I always have to explain everything, even the most obvious things?
"No, I didn't want to be contaminated by Mycroft's germs" he said, his arm still outstretched toward her while waiting for Molly to take the bottle.
He climbed the three steps and knocked on the door, then waited.
Sherlock had always known that he was an intelligent man with a higher-than-average IQ, so he had considered that possibility from the very first moment he decided to stage his own death.
-Her real name is Victoria.
-I mean... Have you seen your apartment? - Jack asked.
"You are right" said the detective, clearly reading that thought on the doctor's face. "We already know that we want to spend the rest of our life together, so let me woo you, let me convince you that there is nothing else in the world that I desire more than you, and that will never come the day when I will ask you to leave Baker Street" Sherlock said in a calm, deep voice.
The blonde stared at him, clearly struck by those words, and in that brief moment, the silence that descended into the living room was deafening.
-Why didn't you tell me? - asked the detective in a low voice.
If before he was determined to end his relationship with Gregory without granting him any right to reply, Mycroft had now realized that he was not ready to give up his partner without a fight.
John nodded slowly.
Usually the detective would take control of the situation, but he was aware that right now John was in charge and he could only follow him step by step.
John nodded slowly, at first confused, then pleasantly surprised that Sherlock had wanted to recognize Hamish's presence in his life with such confidence and, unexpectedly, found himself hinting at a smile.
-Boss…-
John fell against the nearest wall, sitting on the gray pavement, slightly covered with leaves, his legs folded at his chest.
Even without turning around, Sherlock knew that the woman had taken John's hand between her own: they were dealing with delicate topics, "
This Web Page was Built with PageBreeze
-Of course, not... They come from the Bart’s Hospital morgue: corpses donated to science and a pathologist friend of mine occasionally lets me kindly take away with me some parts that might serve me for an experiment- he explained to him.
John smiled and nodded slowly.
Sherlock passed his tongue over his lower lip, a naughty smile bending his lips.
He couldn't do it! Didn't he know Mycroft needed him almost like oxygen to breathe?
John took his plate and sat next to his father, in the place that had always been reserved for him, smiling at him before taking a sip from his mug.
Their diligent waiter interrupted them again with their orders and only when they were alone again and after taking a bite from their plate (remembering Lestrade's advice), Sherlock spoke again.
At that question Sherlock looked up at him, clearly surprised, but the next moment his face relaxed and an enigmatic expression took possession of his features.
"So she wouldn't have a problem knowing you're here with me?" asked the boy mischievously.
But basically what else could the doctor add to what he had already said?
The next moment he was gone, leaving John to fight with his noisy thoughts while trying to control the crazy heartbeat of his own heart.
Eager to undo any distance between them, Sherlock closed his arms around John's waist,  starting again the abruptly interrupted kiss
John's shoulders arched slightly to those words, trying to fight them, to not listen to them.
Once again, Hamish pointed his ice eyes at him, fascinated by the difference in the timbre of his voice, and stretched out his arms to get in his arms; leaning slightly, John kissed both hands and then approached the baby's face to lay one last kiss on the tip of the baby cold nose, receiving another laugh in return.
-Hey! - the doctor complained.
The hint of a smile that appeared on the man lips made John realize that he had succeeded in his intent.
John has a lease agreement.
“Do you seriously think someone is going to check our pockets, precious?”
An onslaught of affection washes over John and his goose bumps have goose bumps. He throws his arms around Sherlock. Holds him tight. Touched when Sherlock gladly returns his embrace. No hesitance, doesn’t stammer whatever it is he’s saying. His body reacts automatically, drawing John closer, second nature. While he talks, he continues mixing hazardous chemicals behind John’s back like John isn’t an impediment. Like John’s an extension of himself.
“Looks like the cat is out of the bag,” John says. Steps into the elevator behind Sherlock, who’s trying unsuccessfully to appear innocent and inconspicuous steepling his fingers against his mouth, pleased with himself. “Happy?”
“Sherlock…” Mycroft begins. The ellipsis hovers between them. Like bullet holes in limbo. “Put him back.”
Anderson’s cry of disgust separates them. Before he can threaten to report John or make any nasty comments, Sherlock says, “I won’t tell if you won’t.” Stares pointedly at the pamphlet in Anderson’s hands and Anderson hides it behind his back two seconds too late. Sherlock imagines a full body waxing must be dreadfully painful.
John has no idea. No fucking idea how much he means to Sherlock. Cognizant of a
Sherlock huffs. Closes his eyes because
“No, I. I had fun.”
“What color pants?”
Sherlock’s mouth twitches. Removes his scarf. A hint of something sweet fills the air, sugary and tantalizing. “Owner owes me a favor.”
Next preview: Dark, teen love, humor, kissing in the rain.
Post Impressionism. Van Gogh. Starry Night.
Murmurs of agreement.
“Susan.”
. Right there. “Not’su comhmain,” John groans when Sherlock is fully engaged suckling on his bottom lip. “’Ut why?”
Sherlock frowns at him. “Do you mind?”
“Paris is obvious and moronic. Mycroft will never think to look there.”
John smiles. “Yes, you are.” Continues sorting August.
“Power of suggestion.” Gestures to John’s empty basket with his chin. “Ready?”
Sherlock is stony-faced.
He waits for John to stop shivering before he tends to himself.
Coffee stains. Smudges of ink. Water damaged pages inside.
Sherlock is sprawled on the couch, thinking. The catalogue is open in his lap, forgotten while he parses whatever or whomever he’s parsing. John thumbs through the
If intimacy is what John needs (
They kiss. The taste of mushrooms and cheese and none of these flavors are particularly savory secondhand. Doesn’t stop Sherlock from licking any semblance of risotto off the corners of John’s mouth. His lips buzzing with the stimulation. Hot breath.
Sherlock touches. Fingertips once calloused from abusing his violin grown soft from neglect.
Back from Dragon*Con. Let the ficing resume.
John feels predominately uncomfortable when he wakes up the next morning to the sound of Sherlock having phone sex at the kitchen table. Badly.
“What do you want to be when you grow up?” Sherlock asks.
He sits at the assigned table. Refuses to acknowledge Mary's Maid of Honor when she claims the chair next to him and engages whoever is willing to listen about the misadventures of her teething toddler. Sherlock can't be arsed to remember his first name. Nibbles wanly on a biscuit. Watches John out of the corner of his eye. Watches him laugh. Wipe chocolate mousse from his fiancée's mouth.
The question is: Why would Mycroft care?
John Watson is cerulean.
Sherlock 'mmm's his approval.
John Watson fully understands the meaning of warped priorities.
Sherlock opens his eyes long enough to roll them. A smile budding on his mouth. John kisses it into full bloom.
John folds his arms across his chest. Clears his throat. “Explain.”
Cortex to solve the case.”
Sherlock spends exactly ten minutes more than usual preening in his bedroom. He refuses to allow himself a second more even though his hair refuses to cooperate, damn it. At six on the dot, he meets John on the landing. He’s irrationally pissy, surges of adrenaline causing his insides to squirm, his heart to palpitate, his palms to sweat. John is dressed to the nines. (
John unlocks the door to Reggie’s guesthouse. Frenzied movements, an aura of lust and love and they stumble through the threshold, narrowly avoiding their luggage, burning up, up, and up. The backs of Sherlock’s knees hit the chaise lounge. He pulls John down on top of him. The closest available surface with which to ravage each other that’s not the floor, because they’re not as young as they used to be.
Sherlock opens his mouth to reply. A twist, a tug, and he chokes on a snarky retort. Goes with, “I think…” Gasp. “...I’m in good hands.”
“Damn it,” Sherlock says with contempt.
John’s laptop reveals nothing but porn and bog entries. His office at the surgery, however, yields exactly what Sherlock’s looking for. The fifteenth of March, circled in felt tip. Sherlock steeples his fingers against his mouth. Sifts though his memory. Frown more pronounced when the day neither corresponds with the consummation of their relationship nor Sherlock’s proposal of marriage nor John’s acquiescence.
. On the promise of present day, actually. Sherlock cannot begin to fathom his good fortune. He’d rather ignore it lest the figures rankle him to the bare bone. Reflection, no thanks. Like a thorn in his side. A splinter in his finger.
“Yeah. You know. When you kind of envy their good looks and, ah, sparkling personality.” Clears his throat. “Kind of wish you were them. That sort of thing.”
“You just said you didn’t make it!”
“Tell me what you know of Mr. Woodley and I’ll show you again.”
John tilts his head as Sherlock strolls past because
John is washing dishes in the sink because
Sherlock watches him drink. “No. You are a good man. Bravery and honesty are but two of the many traits I admire in…” Pause. Licks his lips. “You…are. A paragon of…good,” he finishes awkwardly.
These are all, every last one, recordings of John.
he thinks.
John swears. “You know. We don’t have to apprehend him now. Right now. We could wait.”
“Yea-heah!” Deeze wriggles around in his chair along with the music. His eyes raking up and down Sherlock’s undulating body like he’s a tall glass of water on a scorching hot day. John doesn’t blame him, hell. Even Slim, straight as an arrow, is hypnotized by Sherlock’s nimble hands trailing up and down and around the areas Deeze is allowed to touch. Teasing his nipples, raking his nails down his ribcage, his concave belly. Quivering muscles and parted lips.
from the outside or inside with no safety measures installed, the manufacturer’s guarantee their product is what John calls ‘idiot proof’, but—
John wakes up to discover Sherlock still in bed. Highly unusual. It's the reason he begins to wonder
“Thank God for small mercies.”
Pianist fingers calculating the exponential curvature of his elbow. Sherlock closes his eyes, thinking. “What is your first memory?” His voice is so soft, so private, John’s breath hitches.
Sherlock forces their mouths apart. “I would have you be the death of me,” he admits. And all the social conventions wither and die because that’s a bit not good.
“The Floor Is Lava?” John tries again.
And Sherlock flicks his wrist. An attempt to break free, but John sees it coming. He doesn’t give Sherlock an inch, the smile tugging at the corners of his mouth a bit dangerous, a bit...flirty. Still, they tussle. John struggles to maintain his advantage while Sherlock endeavors to out maneuver him. Toing and froing, back and forth. Panting and--
“Right.” John’s worst nightmare. “Okay.” Time to baby-proof the light sockets.
“I want you more.”
He kisses Sherlock’s lips with all the palliative reverence he can muster. Warm. Chaste. He revels in the tentative breath shared between the two of them. A promise. A pledge. Short and sweet and more alluringly provocative than he could have imagined, fever dreams of passion incomparable to the titillation of naked affection. Their bodies thrum with the implications.
“Go on, then.”
Sherlock raises his hands in the air coyly. Bucks his hips--hard--like he’s making a point, in spite of the debauched little whine he can’t curtail. “
Sherlock subscribes to a degree—a
"But he was angry."
“What made you think that?”
Sherlock will not remember the events leading to John’s impromptu tagging, but he will feel strangely important when he looks at himself in the mirror the following morning. Nothing. Not his finest shirts, his best suits, his pricey socks. Absolutely nothing comes close to evoking a sense of value comparable to John’s tidy scrawl.
It’s John’s turn to boggle. “Gun,” he whispers.
“Wanker.”
“Why aren’t you thinking in your bed?”
“You’re still sick.” Sherlock has never stated the obvious before.
Sherlock leans forward to meet his kiss. If John can’t say the words, he can show his soul. Their soul, twisting and turning like London’s Underground. Veiled and thriving.
John stops humming. Stops washing the dishes. Stutters at the contact, Sherlock’s hand at the small of his back. He closes his eyes.
The feelings John inspires are unquantifiable. Like the universe, larger than life, the consummation of light and thought and breath and panting. In and out and in again, noxious fumes burning inside Sherlock’s chest. Combustible, fissile isotopes uranium-235 and plutonium-239. He can’t—
. Something that should have been hot and fiery and maybe a little hungry. Clumsy hands, shaky breaths, and trembling bodies. But Sherlock is petulant, foiled in a strange turn of events. He accepts John’s kiss, but declines to accommodate him by tilting his head to one side or opening his mouth when John licks his lips. He can’t
John cracks a smile.
John smirks. Sherlock chuckles in spite of himself. “John,” he repeats himself. Less a question, but the query remains on the tip of his tongue. Sweet. Alluring. And John pursues it with a single-mindedness Sherlock loves. He loves. He—
“Marginally.”
“If this is about Sherlock—“
he's convinced. Wind chimes dollop the lag in conversation. Buzzing bees and hooded mergansers and John can hear Mrs. Hudson’s radio playing in the kitchen. When he formulates a response that will assuage Sherlock’s oblique concern, he promises, “Like take care of you.”
. “I want you. Marry me.”
“…and then he said—do you know what he said to me?” Sherlock grins. Big and bold and, yeah. He’s a bit drunk, too. “He said to me—this is what he said to me—
When Sherlock and John have a row, Sherlock knickers and John storms out of the flat.
John snorts, doesn’t know what to say. He busies himself looking down the road for a cab he’s not going to flag down just yet.
Lots of things John says translate into,
“Not John.”
Respite. Begging, please.
John supposes his bullet wound is good for something.
There are tears in Sherlock’s eyes. He claws at his face and John takes action. Unsure, scared, and wanting—more than anything—to help. But he doesn’t know how. And that shakes John to his core. He wants to reach inside Sherlock’s head. Chisel away at the obstruction causing him so much anguish. But he can’t. He knows he can’t.
Sherlock breathes deeply through his nose. "Yes," he answers. Touches the matching band on his left hand. "I'm fine."
"How do you feel about treasure?"
"There's a case, isn't there?"
He counts seventeen steps. Their steps.
blushing. He is
Sherlock grunts. Sounds suspiciously like an ‘obviously’ in guttural form. Draws a quick breath when he decides, “No sense in dwelling on it, then.” Nervous. Shaky. The rustle of their clothes when John shifts his weight. When Sherlock’s fingers traipse down and down and he palms the ring in John’s trouser pocket.
Sherlock does not mention the message.
But wait. Track01. No artist, no title. John is delightfully curious.
“Broke up.”
magazines stuffed in the bedside drawer. The husband is afflicted with chronic sinus congestion. This time of year? He has a hard enough time breathing without a mask obstructing his airways.” Sherlock swoops in for the kill. Or the kiss. Whichever. “Especially his mouth,” he says against John’s lips.
Sherlock cares about John Watson. How he's feeling, where he's going, who he's with. John refers to Sherlock's
“You’re only ever like this after he’s paid a visit.”
“Yes.”
“Lapis lazuli,” Sherlock hums on John’s forehead.
Sherlock is a creature of convention, sartorially speaking. Socks organized and indexed in the top drawer of his bureau. Shirts laundered, starched, and spaced intermittently inside his closet. Suits pressed, arranged by thread count, buttons polished, the works. Not that Sherlock breaks so much as a sweat coordinating his wardrobe. Dry cleaner owes him a favor. He hasn’t done his own laundry in over seven years.
Writer’s block can go jump off the roof of Saint Bart’s.
call you back if I don’t get the
. Ready and willing to bend the laws, break the rules. A nudge in the right direction. Follow Sherlock’s lead no matter the risk or the reward. He’s quintessential. So fucking quintessential, the thought of living without John is unbearable.
“How familiar are you with buttercups?”
John stares. Stares some more. Stares the hell out of him. “Really?”
“Yes. I know. Thank you, Victor. Stop calling me Sherly.”
Sherlock’s words hang in the muggy air between them, amorphous and nonsensical. John shakes his head. “Who asked you about tights?”
Well, shit. “You didn’t say anything.”
“Here I am,” John replies in kind.
With a sonorous sigh, Victor reiterates, “
At long, long last. My hours at work will resume as normal. Updates are to be expected daily.
“Well. Excuse me for hesitating before I, I.
Sherlock is inert. Boneless. Undone. Can’t promise John anything. Not the way the world works. He says as much as he drowns, head lolling from the pressure and the pain and the pleasure and—
Sherlock smells like shit. John is looking at him with a queer gleam in his eye. This, Sherlock gathers, has absolutely zilch to do with his inner child.
John turns a page of his paper. Hunting for anything suspicious. Or what Sherlock considers suspicious. “Abandoned car on Whitehall,” he reads.
Sherlock glances at John. And, dammit, something about him softens. Eyebrows furrowing and the gentleness in his eyes surmises the intensity of their bond for but a moment. The cold mask of indifference resurfaces. But it fools no one. “Fine. What do you want me to do?”
“Sherlock?”
“I never asked what you want.”
“Sure. Fine. Brenda.”
“Two minutes.”
John explains, “Your methods. I applied them. Also, you’re not the subtlest person.”
John and Sherlock take their seats. Sherlock makes an unappealing face at the floor where his shoes are kind-of sort-of sticking in a
Christ, he can’t help himself.
John can’t stop laughing.
Sherlock prods at the pizza on the kitchen table. Or what’s supposed to be a pizza. John’s not a betting man, but he wages their lunch is now considered a weapon of mass destruction.
“Sherlock,” John tries his hand at an imitation of Greg, albeit a sleepy Greg. “Fancy divulging this week’s lottery numbers? Thanks, mate.”
“Are you…?”
Each caress, each kiss. Each roll of John’s hips is his reply. He whispers the words in Sherlock’s ear, “I love you, too.”
“Cold,” he grumbles.
everything. Not enough room. Not enough incentive to remember the Earth goes around the Sun.
Damn but Sherlock can be romantic when the mood strikes him.
“Who wouldn’t?”
“What am I—?” John freezes mid-bite. Drops his half eaten sandwich on his plate. The break room at the surgery is nearly empty. Dr. Potts is nursing a cup a tea, paying John no attention whatsoever. “What are you on about?”
. Not initially. Sherlock had an inkling John was interested in him in the beginning. He shut him down back then, waiving John’s misplaced feelings because John was (and is) John and Sherlock was (and is) hopelessly fascinated by him. Didn’t want John to get the wrong idea. Didn’t want to jeopardize what he knew would bloom into something…dare he think
John covers Sherlock’s ears. Rubs his thumbs against his sweaty brow.
“Good Lord,” Sherlock grouses. He’s had it up to here, there, and everywhere with John’s compulsive need to don the flat with holly and fairy lights. His one concession is the mulled wine because
and skims the search results. Yes. Okay. Good. He can do this.
“Tapeworms. In her stomach. Murder inquiry.
John asks what genre of music he prefers to listens to and Sherlock replies, “Black, two sugars.”
John surmises. Or maybe they’re insane. A consulting detective who gets off on murder and an adrenaline junkie with a soft spot for a mad genius with a superiority complex the size of Great Britain.
Deez puts his hands on Sherlock’s waist and Sherlock leans into him. Legs spread impossibly wide, arse clenched, nearly pressing his chest against Deez’s face. Then he sinks down in Deez’s lap to whisper in his ear.
“Who, me?” Like there’s another moron stuck inside an industrial freezer. “Um. Yes. Actually, Daniel Craig’s my favorite.”
“You’re welcome.” John turns over, but he can’t go back to sleep. A small part of him worried Sherlock will take him too literally.
“Paris. Why Paris?”
“Bitch,” Sherlock agrees.
“I faked my death a bit.”
John resents how quickly Sherlock agreed with him.
) Best trousers, best shoes, best cologne. (
“Me, you,” John clarifies. “Date. Friday.”
John is vaguely aware that Mike has also left the room and John suddenly has the vocabulary of a two-year-old. “Uh. Ah?” He looks behind him, but of course there’s no one there. “Oh. Eh?”
“I wasn’t,” John says. “I’m not.”
Sherlock feints around the table. John purses his lips, his glare something of a stimulant to Sherlock’s otherwise dormant sense of self-preservation. Sherlock makes his escape through the living room.
It’s John who stands lethargic square on Mrs. Hudson’s
degree—of religious twaddle because John Watson cannot be labeled, classified, or categorized by science alone. This annoys Sherlock as much as it titillates him; he’s ceased resisting the paradoxical elements that compose John’s essence, his
“Brilliant. Spectacular. Miraculous. Incredible. Amazing.”
I can't tell you how sorry I am. I had to work the weekend and it's not even the busy season yet! I tried to finish the surprise chapter, but it will have to wait. It's getting too long and I can't keep stalling. *hurtles into the sun*
Sherlock’s mouth is abruptly dry. Parched. His tongue perches on the edge of his teeth, eager to taste what’s not there, but craving all the same.
Mrs. Hudson sets a plate of mozzarella sticks and marinara sauce in front of John, on top of the stack of e-mails. She offers him a wink and excuses herself with a quiet, “G’night.”
Sherlock does not weave through the crowd toward him. The crowd breaks upon Sherlock’s tenacity, receding, sand slipping into the sea of bodies. It’s just the two of them; Sherlock’s attention narrows. Hones in on John alone. John can feel it. Like a kiss on his brow, he can feel it.
Ten’s a bit presumptuous, isn’t it? If Sherlock had the opportunity redo their first case together, he would solve it a lot quicker. Realize the cabbie’s role in the midst of, during, or after chasing it down. Something along those lines. John would have been so impressed. John would not have had to fret for his life, either. Sherlock wasn’t going to take that damn pill—and he
“I don’t understand.”
John had the feeling he was missing something, but frankly he’d done enough talking affairs of the heart for one average Englishman, and he was sure Greg felt the same.
Crowley thought to himself,
“Tell me about it, I was there!”
“I know, Stella Hopkins phoned, they’ll send someone round in the morning for a statement.”
“Fair enough.”
“Certainly not, in addition to the surfing business, Eddie runs a café I have discovered serves the finest cup of coffee in Wilvercombe. He is also the purveyor of all manner of comestibles essential to the surfing community, his hash brownies are superb…”
“Then what’s the problem?”
“By her mother and stepfather.”
Sherlock studies his beloved, notes the pupils blown wide, the breath fast and shallow and reaches to confirm his hope through John’s pulse.
In fact, he couldn’t have been more wrong, Sherlock had obviously been very busy indeed. The sitting room windows twinkled with lights, and there was a blanket of cotton wool snow on the mantlepiece and windowsills. Sherlock had also been down in their storeroom in 221C and brought up the Christmas decorations, the skull was wearing his traditional Santa hat and there was tinsel on the bison. Best of all, on the coffee table that had been moved to a site between the sitting room windows was a perfectly proportioned real Christmas tree.
This seemed to do the trick as the door opened a crack, and then wider when Aziraphale recognised his caller, “Oh it’s you!” he said, before he turned back to the darken interior of the shop. Crowley stepped in, closed and locked the door behind him, and followed Aziraphale to the small back room of the shop. He had never quite understood the meaning of the word ‘crestfallen’ until now.
“You haven’t been in touch at all, to prepare him?”
Aziraphale looked defiant for a moment, then shrugged and sighed. He looked around the empty shop as if expecting to find eavesdroppers hidden amongst the foliage. Despite satisfying himself that he couldn’t be overheard he still lowered his voice to a whisper.
“I’ll go into that later. But next I need to know is there any pub or hotel in the area known as ‘Elriges’ or possibly Ekriges or something similar?”
The Christmas Bazaar was its usual success, John never ceased to marvel that even in the middle of central London it was possible to buy homemade jam and he purchased a selection. He bought a few other trifles too, some shortbread and mince pies (which he knew had been contributed by Mrs Hudson, but it was for a good cause) and a few handmade chocolates for His Lordship. Rosie had her photo taken with Santa (an investment banker in the City in civilian life) and then they had lunch which was being served in the small hall where Rosie had had her activity time the day before.
Sherlock agreed. Aveling turned into the corridor at the top of the stairs and stopped at the first door, producing another set of keys.
The man gave a hoarse cry of grief which rang through the house. “You’re crazy!” he cried, ﬁercely. “It was the Englishman that was hurt, not him. What has happened to Eddie?"
“You have, I must assume, informed your wife of these events?”
“I might have known” John said by way of greeting “Well, come in then, you can’t sit out here all day scaring the neighbours” Sherlock in fact looked as if he could but he stood up and helped John get the pushchair indoors.
“This I believe is the message Patrick received by post, in the letter Richard thought he saw thrown on the fire. The whole sorry love triangle that has destroyed the lives of three men”
“I meant the chips”
which was much in evidence this evening and John had the worrying suspicion was going to turn into a fully formed
“Like the elephant in the room”
(See the end of the chapter for
“I thought so too, in fact when I saw the first set I thought that Maggie… she helps out in the dairy… I thought one of her grandchildren had done it when they were bored.”
Sherlock smiled, “I could investigate.”
snaked round the corner of Villiers Street. Lestrade wondered what his younger self would have made of him and Mycroft, two middle aged men at the start of something new. He began to describe his early forays into the London scene, nearly thirty years ago when he had just moved up from the country. Then he noticed Mycroft glance at his watch for a second time, the difficulty with a fob watch was it was impossible to do this discreetly.
The breakfast John had kindly placed in front of Sherlock before he left for work was still untouched, cold and unappealing he realised he had better dispose of the evidence of the uneaten meal. John was only working a half shift today and would most likely be home before Sherlock, and would not be happy that his attempts to get a square meal into the detective had come to nothing.
Sherlock hurried to defend himself. “It’s a put-up job.”
The drive was not a long one and John was hopeful that he would overtake the boy, but it seemed he had taken longer than he realised to start his pursuit. As he turned the corner, he saw the main gates in the distance and could tell they were closing. By the light of the moon he could make out a pickup truck, its engine running, and a small boy being helped into the cab by a man who then climbed in beside him and the truck slowly moved off.
“I would have to clear it with Mary.”
Sam was responsible for the surgery waiting area being festooned with trimmings, and the Christmas muzak that was driving everyone demented and now she was encroaching on John’s consulting room. “Just a little bit of tinsel to put round your monitor”, she said as she breezed in, “and I can give you a choice between a glow in the dark Santa or a Rudolph for your windowsill, just to make it a little more Christmassy, I’m sorry Dr Maddison has already snapped up the elf on the shelf.”
Sherlock had to agree that this was a most sensible idea.
John took to searching the internet for even more unusual names, names like Roast-ribs, or Sheepshanks or Brooklyn but none of them were any good and in the end both John and his beloved were weary of the quest and decided to live as they were.
“I’m not much of a storyteller Mr. Holmes, The Cubitts are an old family, and I inherited the remains of an estate in Norfolk, but there’s no title, little money and nothing much left in the way of family so I can pretty much please myself in what I do. Having said that, I never expected to marry, not because I was gay but when I was growing up it wasn't even legal. Plus, I live in a village in Norfolk, I work a seven day week on the farm, and there never seemed the opportunity to meet someone.
“Not exactly.” Aziraphale admitted, “Something to carry your dreams in?”
Aziraphale, who had been listening to Mycroft with increasing alarm, protested at the mention of capital punishment.
Even in his thoughts it sounds absurd, there’s no way John can articulate it.
“What is it?” Mary asked.
“Serbia.”
“You have a plan?” Mycroft asked.
“Promise me you’ll stop taking unnecessary risks.”
Sherlock looked thoughtful for a moment, “I am not expecting to receive the letter from Miss Sutherland tomorrow. Even if she was able to type it as soon as she returned she returned home, which might not have been achievable under the circumstances, she would still have to get to a Post Office before five and to escape the watchful eyes of Mr and Mrs Windibank who will no doubt be even more paranoid about her activities after this escapade”
“That’s about the only bit of good news about this whole fiasco. Some of us have plans for this weekend, you know.” Greg replied morosely.
A?/E?RI?E?
Sherlock, seeing that John was about to collapse, despatched Aveling to find the school nurse while Dr Huxtable was told quite firmly that they could not answer any questions until John had been examined and pronounced fit. John made his way to his rooms in the Western wing, leaning quite heavily on Sherlock, though this was mainly due to tiredness, and the pain in his knees, whether consciously or not, his limp was no longer bothering him.
“No not yet, though I am certain of his whereabouts.”
“There hasn’t been anything like the quantity Bill made out…” John’s face took on the determined expression again and Sherlock wondered what was coming next. “I just wanted to say that if you turn out to be the last one, then I’m glad it was you.”
“You have no idea.” Sherlock repeated the words with the distain he usually reserved for metropolitan police officers and inept members of the criminal fraternity. “Well, I will ask Mary, but as you are a complete novice, I will suggest a simple waltz. However, I would imagine that Mary will expect at the  least a few under arm turns and to end on a dip. We’ll practice those next. Don’t worry about the timings for now.”
John wished he could catch the man’s replies.
“A few supplementary questions if I may. Your residence is isolated I take it?”
John did as he was told, and when he came back Rosie was tucking into ‘han heg’ and Sherlock was engaged in a futile attempt not to be force fed a cooked breakfast.
“I am elated, Dr Watson, all is well. This morning I received a letter from Ian, explaining everything, he loves me still.”
The Duke and Duchess both moved with surprising speed out of the study and into the hallway just as their butler was answering the door. John listened to the voices in the hall before turning to Sherlock and saying.
he was still counting beats in his head as he crossed the road, John was feeling more than a little fed up, he had just been getting the hang of concentrating on his hands and his feet, separately and at the same time, with another hour he might have managed the reverse turn without stumbling.  The lingo though…
