(See the end of the chapter for
Where John Watson is in the flat having his tea in the living room, reading his newspaper. Sherlock is in the kitchen working on his experiments looking through his microscope with goggles on his eyes. Sherlock will look at John's direction from time to time, aware of John not to know he is looking at him. He is waiting on the outcome of his experiment and that is observing his flatmates behavior.
"Are.. Are you okay?" Sherlock asked. John peered over at Sherlock to see his face. His face is flushed and he's sweating even though the room should be cold.
John looked behind him and purring, wriggling his ass, asking for more. He does not care on how stupid, he might look, he just wants the heat to stop. He peered over Sherlock, wondering what took him so long. He saw Sherlock toss the towel on the floor, giving John a full view of Sherlock's prick. It's long and hard. He could tell just by looking that Sherlock, himself, is aroused. John can't help but to smirk at the sight. Sherlock positioned himself, not looking to John's face.
"Patient come to you to show there body, I do not think there is any reason for you and me have any Privacy at all" Sherlock countered it with ease and it made John gulps.
"Why would I put that? I know you need to relax because this is your day off after all" Sherlock put innocent face as he could and a sincere smile that says please take it. John is somehow convinced and take the cup, he said thank you afterwards.
John's stirred a bit but still sound asleep and then Sherlock use the hand towel to clean John's stomach and the bed sheet where John's cum is all over it. After that then he put it on the bedside table. He cannot help himself but to look at John's lip, he thought that John's mouth would taste like strawberry jam since he knows, that's what he eats in the morning. It would tastes like sweet perhaps.
"And why is that, Dr. Watson" Sherlock asks, and ready his hands especially on his fingers.
"Sher-sherlock. . . I. .(Aah!) . I. . please let me (Aamh!) come!" Sherlock find him cute like that begging for him to finish it. Sherlock nipped on John's ear lobe and licks it.
Forty minutes has passed and he is watching a series in a telly and Sherlock is still in the kitchen with his experiments. He feels a sudden headache then it turns a bit dizzy and his visions are starting to blur.
John Blushes and keeping his head down, afraid that Sherlock sees it. He feels embarrassed and exposed in front of a man, who's have an clear observation.
"No, Sherlock I'm very sure throwing a hard punch in your face will lessen my anger towards you"
"No-no-no-no Sherlock, You just can't"
It's a Cat Ears on his Head.
"Hello John, I know you are furious right now and ready to throw a punch in my face but I want to remind you that violence don't resolve anything"
John who tried himself to ignore the erections and he could feel his tail, moving to hide his hole and crotch. According to what he is thinking.
Sherlock placed his left hand of John's hip and slowly inserted his dick on John's arse. His arse is tight and hot. He pushed even further and deeper until his whole dick is inside. They're both panting heavily at the sensation.
John whimpers at his fail attempt and this time he refuse to say it but he cannot take it anymore. John murmured and with some tears on his eyes. His face is flushed and lips are red from biting it earlier when he tries to hold his moans.
Sherlock knows that but seeing John like this, in a state of feeling embarassed. This is one of the fantasies that he have imagine on, what John would be look like when he have Cat ears and tail? Would he purr when he gives him pleasure? What colors that suit him the best, when he put a collar on John's pretty neck?
"Well, good luck with that" John scoffs and then Sherlock gets down from the bed, he look at John once and then he goes to the kitchen.
"I-I was just thinking that you really suck at conducting prostate exam." John managed to smirk. Sherlock smiled at John. A dark smile that made John shiver.
Sherlock didn't expect John to really say it. He was dumbfounded, unable to break his gaze into John's watery eyes. Then, he thought of an idea. A fantasy. Sherlock grinned at the thought.
John feel a bit weird, there is a bad feeling when he drank the tea that Sherlock made for him but he paid no mind and continue reading his newspaper. He appreciate the effort when Sherlock make the tea for him and that is a sweet gesture for his day off.
Sherlock left the room quietly and went straight to the bathroom. He feels his trouser are tightening and he feels his prick throbbing. He locked the door behind him and start the shower running. He undress his shirt and trousers along with his boxer and throws it in the basket then he step inside the shower and let the water pour downs on his hair and body.
Sherlock glanced on John's wrist and saw it redden. He uncuff John's wrist and kisses it. In John's mind he wants to run away but he feels his legs are jelly to move, to begin with. John lay on the bed and relax a bit because he know it is over.
"Wha-what? No . . (Ahh!) . . It's not like that" Sherlock hits the sweet spot again and it made John mewled with his cat instincts. Sherlock twist his fingers and slams it inside. John's mind is clouding with pleasure as he cannot take the torture any longer.
"Patience, John, and that is cheating"
"You're not satisfied, are you?" Sherlock whispered to John's left ear. He felt his cheeks heat up to his ears. He was trying to control his breath given the fact that he was panting. He faced Sherlock with his brave face on.
"What will I get if I get you to come?" Sherlock asked, watching every move and expression John makes.
He wait John to calm down before he proceed to check the Cat ears and tail. John take a deep breathes to calm himself and relaxes, Sherlock walk closer to the bed and sit beside John examining the Cat ears and it twitched.
John moaned by the sensation, he grips on the sheet, his knuckles turning white. He feels the hardness of the dick and the way it fills him inside makes him feel euphoria. Sherlock grabs John's hips to prevent him moving and that will spoil the fun. However John has different opinion about that and suddenly Sherlock feels the ass has tightens and he cursed at the pleasure John is giving him.
John took a deep breath and relaxed. He could still feel the heat but he knows it will be gone soon. He knows that after Sherlock gives him his prick. But knowing is not enough. He needs it. NOW. BADLY. He started panting heavily again as he imagined Sherlock's prick inside of him.
"You are stuttering, nervous, and a hint of shyness. I know you have erections between your legs where your tail desperately try to cover it. I can see it clearly, John, there is no point of hiding it."
He opens the cabinet and get the scissors, it is sharp enough to cut the hideous Jumper and strip it off. That is what Sherlock thought in his mind and he go back to the room. John stares at the scissor, on Sherlock's hand twirling the handle like he is ready to cut the clothes into two. John ready his legs to kick Sherlock on the crotch, if he needed to, just to stop him from cutting his Jumper or strip him naked.
Then John passed out.
When John wakes up, blinking his eyes to adjust his vision then he tried to sit up. He have felt something twitching above his head and another twitch behind his back. He put his hands on his head and felt something like it is his ear but it does not feel right then he realized the shape.
Earlier, he's resisting with words - not with actions, he wriggles his ass to ask for more. And now? He's begging for Sherlock's prick to fit inside of him. Sherlock grabbed the lube from his bedside drawer and applied to his own dick.
John made a whimper when Sherlock does that and a tear forming on his baby blue eyes looking at Sherlock. His face is red up to his neck with a teary eye and his Cat ears bends down, he looks so cute. Sherlock tried to restrain himself from ravishing John, right now, on his bed. John might not realize yet but he is laying on Sherlock's bed.
With one final thrust, John came and Sherlock immediately pulled his dick out and came. John collapsed at the bed with his face still flushed. Sherlock took the hand towel again and cleaned John,the bed, and then himself. He covered John with a blanket.
Sherlock gulps when he finally see the whole body of John, since he can't even have the slightest chance to see it. He even tried to walk in the bathroom and pretend he did not know John is taking a shower. Always failed because John always locked it.
He could only glance from time to time when John only on his green robe walking around the flat with a face towel on his shoulders. Glancing on the smooth legs, and the chest when the robes have a small opening.
John is on all fours and still on the bed, the hands still cuffed on the board. He regret to even be smug earlier that thinking the detective's brilliant mind cannot think of this tactic. He should have never underestimate on his pursue to see his intact tail.
"What are you trying to do, next?" John asks and Sherlock shrugs it, he proceed to lifts up the Jumper but failed because John does not want to cooperate.
"This is what they called PRIVATE and means PRIVACY, Sherlock"
The tail curls on John's thigh tighter, very nervous to let his FRIEND do a prostate exam on HIM.
John could only think ONE person who is responsible of this and he did not hesitate to call the man who made him this, he is very angry and frustrated at the same time. So he shout the name through his vocal cords that could be heard downstairs and he thank god Mrs. Hudson is on her friends house this day.
<< Then let yourself go >> Sherlock says, placing a kiss on his lips. << At best we start again and then again and again, until we have enough >>.
<< It is absurd >> Mycroft shakes his head in disbelief. << It is better that I go and tell the doctor about your awakening and ask him when he is going to operate your leg. If I stay here a minute longer I know that that machine will start playing again >> he says getting up from his chair.
<< The surprise effect? >>.
<< Yes, I think we should, John, but not now >>.
<< Me, yes >> concludes John. << Obviously she did not know that I was, in reality, the shrew who used you only for sex. I think if she had found out that I am Jahanna...I would not have come out alive from that asylum >> John says.
"Really immature attitude" spits acid the voice of his father. The one that hurts him, among all the voices that populate his head.
<< It will be better! Although the idea of knowing you became an only child entices me enough, I think it is appropriate to join him at the Diogenes Club. Let's go! >> orders and, docile as a dog, Sherlock follows him.
<< When Sherlock was hospitalized to dispose of the effects of cocaine addiction, he often saw his dog sitting at the bottom of the bed. At other times he ran away screaming in terror that a man intent on killing him was chasing him. There have been occasions when he attacked the nurses by calling them by the names of his former schoolmates who apparently bullied him. Once he hit me too ... >>.
<< Thank you for rescuing me >> he says, trying to start a conversation that can get him the information he needs to complete what he has already deduced.
<< So you thought well to try to turn us against him, by spitting poison towards him and not losing an opportunity to put him in a bad light. Oh, what a good person you are! This makes you an excellent mother, congratulations >> chuckles Lizzy.
<< It is possible, therefore, that Sherlock got stuck there with all the others >> Mycroft says, dropping the sheets on the desk.
<< Right deduction. John's learning too, isn't he? >> Sherlock says to the puppy, grabbing his tail. The puppy runs towards him and lick Sherlock's face. The consultant lets him do it, with minimal resistance, and laughs like a child. John does not believe his eyes: a puppy of not even a couple of kilos dominates  the famous consulting detective. John laughs amused, sitting on Sherlock's bed.
<< For six months I have been helping you in your cases and in this period of time I have seen you not sleeping and not eating until you came to terms with it. Yesterday, however, I'm going home and you was here in ... company >> he says, giving him an eloquent glance.
<< I told him not to run, but he didn't, nothing, he never listened to me! >>.
<< I prepared your clothes >> Sherlock says, offering him a jacket and trousers.
"No, it wasn't love that ended my earthly existence, but pride and that damned sense of honor, my son."
<< You had to invent it to avoid that she killing you >>.
<< A captain does not endanger his men, he protects them >>.
<< So you will understand that we have to go away from here >> says the woman.
<< Well, I should ask you for a percentage, apparently >> he laughs and Sara joins his laugh.
<< I found it fascinating. It is like being wrapped in a warm and fragrant wind that frees you from thoughts >>.
<< Very well. and I haven't met your brother yet >> Fox exclaims, running his hand through the curls. Then he brings it to her ear and mutters a curse. << It is better that we go, Billy. Every moment is precious. Move to join the Diogenes Club if you don't want to risk becoming an only child >> he says, heading towards Sherlock's room.
<< I have no reason to suffer because you haven't done anything wrong >>.
The woman just narrowed her eyes as if she wanted to focus it better.
John, how long could it last? Sherlock has an impossible character and your boundless patience would come to an end. It's easier to lose it when relationships get more intimate.  Would be logical the opposite, but it seems that this is not the case at all. You would have betrayed Sherlock, sooner or later, and he would have found out and it would have ended much worse. So I think your decision was the most sensible. Painful, I don't doubt it, and for both sides, but sensible >>.
<< Hataway, let me go up with a snowcat! >>.
<< Would they be? >>.
<< Doctor Watson I have to make my apologies >> he begins awkwardly. << Apparently you was right about my brother >>.
<< An investigation does not solves with the sensations, John. It needs proof >> reminds him. << How come you have this feeling? Are you being misled by that woman's cognitive impairment? >>.
Sherlock reads an e-mail passage after which the tones become more intense and delusional.
<< I wasn't sleeping >> she says, chuckling. << I never sleep >> adds all smiling.
Something diverts the consultant's attention. Sherlock brings his hand to his right ear and looks at Fox. The journalist, with tense expression, looks at him while heading purposefully toward him. John remains in his place and witnesses another wordless communication. He sees Sherlock turn pale and put his hand to his mouth. Fox must have given him a bad, indeed, very bad news.
The thought that those eyes can look at someone else with desire, that those lips can smile sweetly at someone else and those hands touch another's body annoys John. Yes he can't tolerate it
“Mr. Broad!” shouts Sherlock, winding his scarf around his neck, “we’ll take the case.  Come, husband.”  He offers his arm, which John glances at dubiously.  Sherlock gives him a withering look.  “Oh, just this once,” he says softly.  John studies him; Sherlock pouts a bit -- can’t John see that he is being completely genuine?  Oh, right.  He is still Sherlock Holmes.  He will still race ahead, and John?  John will still follow.  But tonight, no.  Tonight Sherlock wants John to know just how much he really means.  John
“What’s so hard to believe about that?”  Mary’s shouts.  “Loving two people?”  Tears fall down her cheeks.  “You, of all people should know!”  She looks at Sherlock pointedly.  His stomach is immediately in knots.  This has suddenly taken an incredibly awkward turn.  “I’ve always had to share you!,” she continues.  “Always!  You were in love with a ghost when I met you.  And you still are.”
John visibly pales.  Mycroft looks stricken.  Sherlock’s mother has her hand over her mouth and Abigail’s eyebrows are crunched together in confusion.  She looks to Mrs. Hudson for support, who clasps her hand.  Lestrade’s mouth has fallen open and Molly’s set her jaw.
And Sherlock smiles back.  “And if it’s inconvenient,” he says with a naughty smile, “you’ll come anyway.”
Next to Sherlock Holmes  is Archie, aged 8.  His face has mischief written all over it. He is the first child Sherlock has met in a long time to have anything resembling a brain in his head, but at the moment, the child’s rocking, fidgeting, and inability to stand completely still are making Sherlock feel even more woozy.
And then there were those moments they’d shared together, those moments that weren’t exactly platonic: closer proximity than necessary, a hand on a shoulder, a gaze held too long, the hitch of breath or race of pulse.  There
SCENE THREE - SHERLOCK THE MUSICAL aka ‘It Should Have Been Rocky Sherlock on the Roof’
“Do I love him? Do I love him?” sings John, in a voice that’s pure musical theatre.
We are in a gorgeous, chocolate-box of a village. The exact location is irrelevant, although it is meant to be St. Mary Magdalene’s, a 15th century chapel in rural Somewhereshire.  It’s a beautiful day.  The gardens are lush and verdant, ivy clings to weathered stone walls, and the lilacs are in full bloom.  It’s a perfect day for a wedding, and, indeed, a wedding is about to take place inside.
“Sherlock?” queries John.
“What does it say, dear?” Mrs Hudson asks Molly, “those silly specs don’t fit over my bifocals.”
“John, don’t go...please don’t leave. I love you.”
Mary makes a face of amused surprise to the audience before dropping John’s hands and kneeling in front of Archie. “Do you object, sweetie?”
“Both.”  John says the word with contempt.  “You love us...both.”
“Don’t interfere,” Mycroft had warned as the wedding drew closer.  Sherlock had pouted at him.  “Whatever you thought could be, that time has passed.  You don’t know what he went through.  Let him go.”
“Maybe you should have,” he replies.  “It would have saved us a hell of a lot of trouble.”  Then, “Why didn’t you?”
Mycroft begins by welcoming those gathered and telling an anecdote about the first time he saw the grooms, when an assistant brought him a CCTV tape of John shaking Sherlock’s hand outside Baker Street the second time they met.  He goes on to say how he knew John was a respectable person when the unassuming doctor failed to show the slightest bit of apprehension at Mycroft’s threats.  The night after their first case together, the one with the pink lady, Mycroft tells the audience that he had never seen his brother so comfortable in his own skin.
John makes as if to go to Sherlock, but Mary pulls him back so forcefully that his dodgy shoulder is nearly yanked out of its socket.
Sherlock leaves Abigail with his parents and goes to stand next to Lestrade, who is serving as their second official witness (Mrs. Hudson insisted she do the honours as well).  Lestrade nods at him, Sherlock nods back, and they stand there together companionably, in silence, waiting for John to arrive.  Mycroft and Lestrade take turns seating the few friends and family they’ve chosen to witness the wedding ceremony.  Sherlock’s itching for a cigarette (John’s patience only goes so far) when he sees hears the distinctive rumble of Mike’s Morgan (Mike is graciously letting them borrow it for an extended weekend honeymoon.  Sherlock can’t deny he’s a bit giddy to drive John around in it).
“The thing is, we all know that isn’t really true. Yes, you’ll be available just like you always were...for a few weeks. And then it’ll be, ‘no, sorry, I can’t meet on Wednesdays because that’s the night we go to the cinema’. And Mondays will be no good because it’s the beginning of the working week. Sundays you’ll be unavailable all day at bloody John Lewis buying home furnishings, or the garden centre choosing shrubs and dwarf apple trees. And not Fridays or Saturdays because Mary likes us to ‘do things’ together..’, or worse, spend time with other couples, nice safe smug married couples, all sitting around someone’s lovely dining table talking about house prices and schools and eating something organic from the farmers’ market and there won’t be a bloodstain or a bullet anywhere because you’ll have settled down, and put all that running around with that maniac Sherlock Holmes behind you...”
John pauses, hand on the latch.  ‘And besides.’ he states emphatically, ‘I’m. Not. Gay…”
For one awful minute John tries to make sense of what’s happening.  “Oh,” he says, hurt to the core of his being.  “OK.  Well.  I guess I’m just going to…”  John moves back, letting go of Sherlock’s hands, but the detective is quick to grab them back.
Late spring.  A church.  The exact location of the church is irrelevant, although it is the chapel of St. Mary Magdelene’s in Bristol.  It’s a beautiful day.  The gardens are lush and verdant, ivy clings to weathered stone walls, and the lilacs are in full bloom.  It’s a perfect day for a wedding, and, indeed, a wedding is taking place inside.
Everyone, that is, except the best man, who stands to the left of the groom.  He’s been worrying his lower lip throughout most of the ceremony, and the closer the couple gets to the vows, the more his expression changes from discomfort to anguish.  It looks like he’s swallowing glass.
No one notices Sherlock at all, who is frowning harder than ever. His gaze, however, isn’t on the bride and groom. Instead, he is looking intently at Archie. If his “wedding gift” is going to make an appearance, they’d better get on with it. Then, as if on cue, Sherlock notices something move inside Mary’s veil.
John makes a funny little noise again, and Sherlock’s afraid his friend just might come unglued any moment.  He’d best finish.
“I wanted to stop your wedding,” Sherlock says at last.
The months between his return to London and John’s wedding to Mary were an emotional turmoil for Sherlock.  During his time away, he had missed John terribly, more so than he had ever thought he would, ever could, miss anyone.  On cold nights, or when he was in pain, or actually hungry, or exhausted, he’d recall their cases.  He’d evoke images of home and companionship: John in his chair, watching telly; John, hunkered under his parka as they spent hours on surveillance; John, gesturing wildly, furious about something unimportant.
“The game,” he announces with the glee of a child, “is
He doesn’t get to finish.  John lashes out, a sharp left hook landing neatly across David’s nose, which promptly erupts with blood.  The punch to the face is followed by a second to the stomach, and then Lestrade is there, grabbing at David, who manages to throw a punch of retaliation himself.
“Mmm.”
Sherlock considers.  The case is barely a five.  In fact, he could likely solve it right on the spot if he hadn’t had as much to eat as he did.  He’s also a bit tipsy -- not good for deductions.  Normal people are supposed to go home and consummate the marriage, not chase thieves all over London.
“John!” she shrieks.
The man takes a deep breath, considering bowing out.  One does not want to evoke the wrath of anyone on his wedding day, much less London’s only consulting detective.  Greed wins out.
Around eight, Mary arrives to pick up Abigail.  It’s actually not nearly as awkward as it could be.  She actually hugs both John and Sherlock and whispers her congratulations.  Sure, the turn of her mouth reveals she’s still bitter, but she’s also a woman well-versed in letting go of her past.  Abigail’s been dancing with Lestrade and Molly: she looks exhausted under her flushed cheeks.
(See the end of the chapter for
John and I returned earlier this afternoon after recovering the piece. Because I was feeling generous on my wedding day, I suggested that the gallery not press charges but instead require that the perpetrator make a generous donation to a charity of the gallery’s choice. Gay Switchboard should expect a substantial donation soon.   (Don’t worry -- John will likely write up all the details later.)
A messy, yet effective, way to stop a wedding...
“Hmmm. ‘The case of the Angry Clown’,” supplies Sherlock.  Mary, John, and David all turn to him, incredulous.  “Sorry,” he shrugs.
“John!” shouts Mary, face screwed up into an angry grimace, “Don’t just stand there like a stunned mullet! Do something!”
John nods, licks his lip.  “No.  It wouldn’t have.  We weren’t ready then.  I wasn’t, anyhow.”
Sherlock springs into action, grabbing John by the shoulders and pulling him away.  “Leave it, John,” he murmurs.
Plus, argued John, dancing was only likely to give him a massive stiffy and if there was one thing Mycroft
Mary was interesting, at least.  In fact, Sherlock even sort of liked her, even if there was something not quite right about her.  He couldn’t pinpoint it, but then there was something not quite right about John, too, so what did it matter.  John was still himself when he was around her, which was more than Sherlock could have ever hoped for if John found it necessary to enter the institution of marriage with a woman.  She was older than John’s usual type, and she had a decent sense of humour: quirky, a bit offbeat.
“My kind of man.”  Sherlock’s voice is a deep rumble.
For a long, long moment, all that can be heard is the ticking of the vicar’s watch, then the clomp-clomp-clomp of the drum machine cranking back up. But hang on. Is it...could it be... the sound of expensively shod footsteps on a well-tended asphalt path? It could.
“Could go down as the
Mary says nothing.  David continues, more quietly, addressing Mary.  Sherlock can tell that David loves her, he really does.
“Maybe you should stop lying to yourself,” Mary manages.
.  Soon your body will lose its combat-readiness, turn flabby and be fit for nothing but lawn-mowing, IKEA, and missionary position sex.”
Late spring.  A church.  The exact location of the church is irrelevant, although it is the chapel of St. Mary Magdelene’s in Bristol.  It’s pissing down. The gardens are dripping, sodden ivy clings to weathered stone walls, and the lilacs are bowing their wet heads.  It’s a lousy day for a wedding, but a wedding is taking place inside, where the people -- most of them at any rate -- are dry and warm and generally happy.
He finds John on a stone bench in the garden, so he sits, too.  They sit, and they sit, and they sit, and Sherlock will hold the pieces until -- or if -- John wants to put them back together.
Thankfully, Mrs. Hudson arrives, walking down the path on Mycroft’s arm, and Sherlock goes to help her to her seat next to his parents.  Mrs. Hudson is looking very frail as of late, and her makeup, although still precisely applied, doesn’t quite cover her pallor.  As he watches her chat with his parents, Sherlock deduces.  Maximum life spans appear above their heads before he realises it.  The three of them don’t have that much longer.  He has always accepted death as an inevitable part of life, to be accepted and embraced and not fussed about. Then he died and changed his mind.  They look happy there, undoubtedly telling stories about John and himself.  Sherlock may occasionally find his parents insufferable, but he is deeply happy that they are here today, to see him marry John.  He wishes John’s parents were here as well, although John has intimated that they would not have been as enthusiastic to see their son marry another man.  (They wouldn’t have forgiven him for divorcing Mary, anyway, John insists).
“It’s over, David,” pleads Mary, who is now wringing her hands now that John has dropped them.
The groom’s mouth is smiling, but his eyes are darting everywhere, like he’s lost something he badly needs, or maybe like he isn’t sure exactly why he’s where he is, and has to keep checking.  He wears a smart grey morning suit,complete with tails.  Somehow, he looks more radiant than his intended, but that may just be a trick of the light.  He is John Watson.
John wipes tears from his eyes.  “Stop, love,” he says softly, and then kisses Sherlock’s mouth, a soft press of lips.  Sherlock quiets, realizing everyone’s staring.  “It’s fine.  I know.  Let’s just do the vows, yeah?”
“L I A R.”
Abigail wrinkles her nose, shrugs, and then remembers to say thank you.  For as much as she enjoys the designer outfits, beauty doesn’t mean much to her (for now), for which Sherlock is fiercely thankful.  He can deduce a few things about her personality even at her young age: she’s very clever, has a charming sense of humour, and will give John and Mary (John and him, he corrects) a hell of a time when she’s in her teens.  She’s already asked to go clay pigeon shooting with Mary (is that what the assassin calls target practice these days?).  Even though she can be precocious, she’s also highly empathic and is prone to bouts of quiet introspection.  She’s very much John’s daughter, despite her resemblance to her mother.  Sherlock loves her as much as he can love a child, and he’s accepted that she is part  his life now.  If being with John means learning to become a good father, it’s a price he’ll willingly pay.
Sherlock’s calculating.  Yes, he does know Mary’s cycle.  It’s important to know things like that.  It’s also important to note that she came off the pill, citing headaches, nearly four months ago.  Yes.  Yes!  The signs are all there.  He’s ticking boxes in his head.  Oh, this is too good.
“Late.”
So, here it goes.  The Holmes-Watson wedding.  Now, regarding spawn of Watson.  No, I didn’t kill her off.  Betty was having none of that, so Abigail Watson does exist, she is John’s daughter, and she makes a small appearance here.  She does not live with them and I hope I’ve handled her existence in a realistic way.  Don’t worry, she’s on the back burner.  But couldn't not have her at her dad's wedding.
“No.  I don’t want this.”
“I can never seem to apologise enough for leaving you.  I honestly did not know how much it would affect you.  I was so foolish.  Stupid.  Blind.  Unable to see what was in front of my own eyes.  There are so many things I should have done, and so many things I should have done better.  I should have told you how much you meant to me, how much I depend on you to keep me right.  How much I enjoy your presence.  I should have done this immediately upon my return.  You told me the day we met that I was an idiot, and I do not deny it now.
A constable walks his beat through the park.  He doesn’t even bother with the two of them any more.  No lock or fence would deter Sherlock, anyway.  “Don’t get rid of it,” says John when they are alone again.  “Tell me about it one day.  When we’re old and you’ve pissed me off.”
Sherlock smiles.  It
John, hemmed in between Mary and the vicar, is now seriously regretting the herbal soother he’d borrowed from Mrs Hudson to settle his pre-wedding jitters. “She must have put bloody skunk in it, or magic mushrooms,” he mutters to himself.
“I wanted to tell you, I really did, but I couldn’t, and I remember so much about you, and I’m pretty sure the last time we were together you might have been...and, oh God, Mary, the condom broke and I didn’t tell you, I couldn’t tell you, and…I know you still love me, you do, I know you do...”  He trails off and stares at the floor.
If this scene were a drama, John would calmly take Sherlock by the shoulders and firmly tell him that he’s got it all wrong, and that the great detective has simply misinterpreted all the physical and verbal cues.  He is, after all, a sociopath.  It’s okay, though, they can still be friends, but can you please take him back to that nice rehab clinic for help, please, Lestrade?  He’s ruining my wedding, poor deluded sod.
The bride and groom are preparing to say their vows, and the vicar is raising his hands to conduct one of the traditional elements of a wedding.
timing.”
“I’m terribly sorry to bother you,” says the dripping man, panting a bit.  He suddenly takes in the scene -- the guests eating cake, the music, the formal attire -- and realises he’s possibly ruined a very special affair.  “Um, is this, did you, are you…?”
it, the way some people fear getting cancer or having their children abducted.
a woman.”
Mary heaves a heavy sigh.  “Oh, please not now,” she says under her breath.
John turns to David and shouts, “When?”  His voice is harsh and echoes throughout the chapel.
that threaten to destroy me utterly.  Ask Lestrade. His squad still has a sweepstake open, did you know that?
“John, I cannot condone this marriage because it will take you away from me, a thought I find absolutely intolerable.  Since I have returned from our time apart, I have realised that you are truly the only thing of value in my life.  You have taught me lessons where others have failed.  Because of you, I have learned patience.   Kindness.  Friendship.  Loyalty.  Honesty.”
“Oh, I know--despite what everyone else thinks--we have never even so much as touched one another romantically. You might even have thought me incapable of it. I know my obvious reaction to the Woman confused you. And I will confess, John, that she deeply fascinated me. But only my intellect was aroused, not my libido. Adler’s undoubted beauty, soft curves and willing flesh stimulated my mind only to consider how very much more I might have preferred it, if a certain Army doctor, so ostensibly unremarkable, but so beautiful to me, and all I could ever hope for...the very epitome of my desire, were to insinuate himself beneath my duvet one lonely night.  She taught me a very important lesson, you know, that night at Battersea.  It was the first time I saw our potential as lovers: you were jealous.  Adler knew, too, saw it in your eyes, written all over your face.  You insisted you were not gay - which you’re not, for the most part, except for a few dalliances in the Army you would rather not acknowledge.”  He pauses a moment, grimacing as John blushes.  “Sorry.  Anyway,
On his wedding day, Sherlock is glad Abigail is here, to see her father marry the man who has always been on the periphery of her life take more of a central focus.  It will make John happy, too.
Molly arrives next with Abigail, who is carrying her tiny violin case.  She’s dressed in an ensemble that fits her personality perfectly.  She’s not wearing some gaudy bridesmaid’s frock, but patterned trousers with frills at the bottom, a little cable-knit cardigan and a navy-blue beret, purchased by the detective himself.  That Sherlock should be interested in a young girl’s wardrobe given to his aversion to anything dealing with or made for anyone under eighteen makes John shake his head and click his tongue.  Nevertheless, Sherlock insists on buying clothes for the girl he’s come to love and accept as his stepdaughter.  If anyone asks, Sherlock says he’s saving Abigail from her mother’s poor fashion choices.  Abigail herself enjoys a trip to the shops with Sherlock, and John simply shakes his head and lets them go.
Everyone seems to be moving. Everyone, except Sherlock, who stands still as chaos spreads around him. The frown that was once upon his lips, however, has changed. He wouldn’t be exactly smiling, but if you know what to look for, you’d see a man rather pleased with himself. He holds his hand out. Reaching behind his back, Archie’s small hand meets Sherlock’s large one in a sly but satisfying high-five.
“David, please…”
“I do not doubt that you love this woman,” he appeals to John, who still won’t meet his eyes.  “Even I, for as much as I want to, cannot even bring myself to hate her, despite her poor fashion choices and bad taste in literature.  She’s been kind to me, accepting me as your friend and even allowing me the ‘privilege’ of planning most of today, a task I have earnestly tried to perform to the best of my ability even though it was more challenging than working with forensic investigators with substandard IQs.
There is a collective gasp from the congregation, then a muttered conversation between the bride and her chief bridesmaid, in which the phrases “narcissist”; and “attention-seeking twat” can be heard. The groom, meanwhile, says not a word and moves not an inch.
The vicar looks astounded.  Several members of the congregation -- a few of Mary’s friends, perhaps --  make noises of displeasure.    Sherlock ignores them.
Sherlock thinks as he relaxes.  He falls asleep smiling.
“Let’s go home,” says John eventually.  “Big day tomorrow.  And I’m completely knackered.  You are too, I can tell.”
Read on!
“The who what?” Sherlock says quietly to John.
John’s mouth is open in complete indignation.  He looks to Sherlock, as if he should have been warned of this.  Sherlock only shrugs.
“You are interesting, Mary Morstan, I’ll give you that, even though there’s still something off about you that gives me pause.  And I know you love John and would do everything in your power to ensure your future together.  So trust me when I say this is nothing personal.”
“And now, if there is anyone present who objects to the joining of these two people in holy matrimony, may they now be heard.”
she’s saying.
But Sherlock feels odd.  Something troubles him.  Regret?  Sympathy?  Jealousy?  Relief?  He cannot quite pinpoint it.  It is Not Good.
“...So I won’t ever let anyone take him away from me. There will be no Watson and Morstan. It’s Watson and Holmes, Holmes and Watson. It’s…Tradition.”
“No, Mary, just….”  David is now acutely aware that everyone in the audience is staring him down.   He swallows and wipes sweat from his brow.  “Can we go somewhere more private?”
Sherlock thinks much of what his brother is saying is a load of bollocks.  John is telling him as much with his eyes.
, to be the best man for John, the whips of remorse more stinging than any Serbian gaoler’s chain.
Sherlock’s been trying to change his pronouns when he speaks of her, from “your daughter” to “our daughter,” but the words get stuck.  Abigail looks so much like Mary that it is impossible to forget that she’s
<< This, my dear detective, is the place where the incident occurred and this >>, indicates the speck, << is the blood of your heart attacked victim. Send someone for the relief, at least I think your men are capable of doing it >> Sherlock says, taking the jacket from John's hands. << As you can see, this is the most secluded corner of the dressing room. You were not immediately surprised by any other patrons and it is far enough away from the door to make any kind of noise inaudible. Nice or unpleasant they are >> he adds, waving his hand in an attempt to create some wind. << The fact that it was a man and not a woman is clarified not only by the dynamic that emerges from the position of the bruises. I am not an expert, but I think the most natural action is to push the woman against the wall and not the other way round. I think a woman would not place her hands like that on the man who supports her. If this is not enough to convince you, as you can see there are two types of footprints >>, Sherlock continues pointing at the floor immediately under the red mark left on the wall, << both very large. If there was a woman, well, I think we should have found a single footprint instead of both and not positioned in this way >>.
<< Unfortunately it is so. You realize, John, that your jealousy is absurd, since we ... >>
<< You seem very convinced of this >>.
<< I'll take the big one that Silver liked so much! >> says the child enthusiastically and Morgan jumps around him happily.
<< When I met Peter I was in the library. I looked down from the fourth floor balcony. I've always liked that place and nobody was there. I thought jumping over there wouldn't be bad. Like jump from a high diving board into the pool, I did it a thousand times. It wouldn't have ended the same way, but they are… details >> she minimizes, by sketching a smile.
<< That woman >> says Mycroft, ending his silence. John barely sharpens his hearing. << She had a nervous breakdown, or so they said. She sent three guards to the hospital, one of whom is dying. They managed to contain her only after they shot her with calming bullets >>.
!" that's what your boss always says, isn't he? >>.
They perceive Morgan's small great absence, while, kiss after kiss, they reach the bedroom. They had become accustomed to diligently abandoning the clothes on the back of the armchair, or on the chairs, or on the door handles, after so many shirts and socks had become prey to the little dog, who destroyed them with his sharp teeth. Now, however, they throw everything where it happens and it is a sweet feeling of freedom, although it is bitter.
<< Me too >> John replies just as seriously.
John had kept those documents in his hands. Simple lined notebooks with hard cover. Its had seemed innocuously packed with the data of a first note. Only when John had brought attention to what had been noted in it, did he even feel like breathing.
<< When I saw that phoenix engraved on that girl's skin, I shivered. Even Lizzy often draws it on her wrist >> says George absently, caressing the veins at the base of his hand. << Mr. Holmes, I am really worried about my sister. Sometimes I can't stand her and I would like to eject her out of the window with my hands, but since I saved her ... >> he lets slip away immediately, biting his lip. << I discovered that I have a terrible fear of losing her >> he says and a lonely tear escapes his control and draws a trail on his cheek still hairless.
<< He tried to protect you instead. John knows how disastrous he is in relationships and, in order to avoid hurting you in the future, he preferred to end it in the bud >>.
<< Never that our John missed an opportunity or that he didn't waste time creating it. They all fall at his feet. What will be so attractive in him? It will be that in the small barrel there is good wine >>.
The hair, which Sherlock has always treated with care, is brittle, dry and dull. They have the form of an indefinite and rigid mass, like an ugly wig. His mother, in her rare expressions of tenderness, stroked them for a long time, whispering ecstatic 'What beautiful soft curls my baby has'. Somehow keeping them soft Sherlock tried to recreate that unusual and visceral pleasure that those sweet words moved inside him. Now even his mother would struggle to sink his hand in this hairs.
One night when Sherlock had been particularly awful, Mrs. Hudson came up with tea and biscuits to try to appease the angry god of the violin.  Instead of consoling him, however, she made things much worse by explaining to Sherlock how her wedding to Mr. Hudson would have never happened if she had the courage to make her feelings known to a young man named Henry who went on to marry one of her close friends.  She had a habit of doing things like that -- going on about emotional
“Unless someone is in grave danger, it’s not the right time.” His voice is still light.  Sherlock does shit like this.  It’s not entirely unexpected.
John sits next to him.  “Not nervous, are you?”
“OK, then,” John finally says, “let’s do it.”
- in a deep, lead-lined bunker of the Mind Palace’s security centre, secured with three ancient-looking padlocks.
The congregation rises as one, and Sherlock clicks his fingers. Dark-lensed glasses, as might be supplied at a 3D cinema screening, appear like magic on everyone’s faces.
Sherlock thinks.  “I think you had a really good wedding.”
Just then, the ceremony begins, the priest’s singsong fluting underscored by the relentless wheeze of the organ and the tapping of the invisible, yet insistent, drum machine. It lulls John into a trance. Until the congregation repeat their dance move.
“I’ll call this case “The Bearded Bling Ring’.”
The bride and groom are preparing to say their vows, and the vicar is raising his hands to conduct one of the traditional elements of a wedding.
Sherlock hates failure but doesn’t fear it.  What he does fear is losing John Watson.  He
A jump to the left, a step to their right. Hands on hips. “Fucking hell,” says John, horrified.
“Either suits,” says Sherlock, “though I think I’d prefer my given name.”
When she was three Abigail began periodic visits to Baker Street, and Sherlock attempted, uncomfortably, to be more than “that man daddy lives with.”  Fatherhood fit him poorly at first, and he wore the role uncomfortably, until he was forced to deal with it one weekend when Mary was out of town and John was called in to cover a colleague’s shift.  There was a great deal of tantrumming from the two of them, until late in the evening when they somehow came to a truce.  John had returned home to find Sherlock looking completely exhausted and playing something soft on the violin, Abigail asleep on the sofa with her thumb in her mouth.  Now that she’s six, Sherlock finds himself actually able to engage in conversation with her, and, most of the time, he enjoys her company.  Contact is flexible, but John and Abigail usually see each other at least once a week, and Mary and John have remained civil about the whole thing.  Sometimes John berates himself for not being a better dad, and Sherlock wonders if John regrets his decision to leave life as a father behind.  John insists that he has made the right choice and gets incredibly upset if Sherlock suggests otherwise.
John thinks.
I also have a tumblr.  Not much is on there, but I will try to post writing updates.  Make sure to subscribe to the story so you get update notifications!
They stand there smiling stupidly at each other for a moment before one of Mycroft’s people comes to see if they are ready to start the ceremony soon.  John says he wants to see his daughter first, and he leans up to kiss Sherlock on the cheek before moving to the seats to Abigail.  Sherlock watches him pick her up and kiss her before greeting the older Holmeses and Mrs. Hudson.
“Do you leave John at moments of great personal significance?”
“How?” John asks at last.  “How would the great Sherlock Holmes have interrupted my wedding?”
John says nothing.  He has grown wiser over their years together.
Sherlock would project those films one last time, for posterity, then chuck away the reels to make way for the rest of their lives together.
In the evening, he’d forced himself to eat again, this time chicken vindaloo with garlic naan.  That meal got the special treatment, too.  He’s really not feeling well by the next morning, but he suffers through a Full English from Speedy’s.
“I don’t want that line,” Sherlock says pointedly to Mycroft.  “It’s not necessary.  Because even if there were some legal reason I couldn’t marry this man, I would find a way to circumnavigate it.  Such laws are stupid and
~Finis
Rainbow-coloured script forms above both their heads. Lots of it.
“Yes,” comes the  reply. “Yes, Sherlock. I suppose... I do.”
“But the rainbow letters!’ says Sherlock, ‘surely they came from a higher authority than the, er...the..King of Vicars.”
Sherlock had simply raised his eyebrows and agreed.  After all, he’d planned nearly every detail of John’s first wedding.  It was only fair to let John plan his second.  John approached it with military efficiency, right down to arranging a rickshaw ride for Mrs.  Hudson, whose hip now bothered her so much that she rarely walked anywhere farther than the corner shop.
Sherlock had for John finally aligned, like some rare planetary event, and he knew the truth of his existence: he loved John Watson, loved him so desperately, and that any opportunity they had to become lovers had passed.
Sherlock squeezes John’s hand and stretches a bit.  He’s been on the bench for a while.
It takes John a few seconds to clock that someone Very Important is still missing.
John’s face is bathed in soft light as he slowly lifts his gaze, up from the simple oak floorboards painted to look like ancient flagstone, up past his furious fiancee to the confused clergyman, and finally, up to the handsome, familiar face of his ex-flatmate. He swallows, but still says nothing. His navy blue eyes are huge, a little boy lost on this big, grown-up day. Perhaps he is in shock. Or imagining Sherlock, dressed as Frank N Furter, slowly removing a pair of stockings.
In his mind palace, he runs his fingers over metal film canisters, wondering where to begin. Ah, yes. This one. In Sherlock’s younger years, before he found the behavior too juvenile and discovered other ways to disturb his older brother, a certain way to wind up Mycroft Holmes was to surprise him during moments of intense concentration. About the time Mycroft was studying for his A-levels, Sherlock had taken a great interest in all things insect. He admired anything that wore a shell and had its soft parts on the inside (he’d taken an interest in Kafka that summer and ardently hoped he could wake up one day to find himself turned into a beetle. That would show
John wanted to get married quickly and without much hullaballoo.  He did, however, decide to go out the night before with Lestrade, who was still pissed off that he wasn’t invited to John’s first stag night, and insisted he deserved a proper night out with his mates after the total cock-up of Sherlock’s meticulously-planned evening of debauchery.  (Sherlock maintains that had they not been interrupted, that evening would have ended very differently, and that first ill-fated marriage would not have happened at all.  John does not disagree).
To the right of the bride stands an attractive young woman with dark hair.  She is sniffing back happy tears.  She is Janine.  Faces of friends smile from the audience: Molly, Mrs. Hudson, and Lestrade, first name unimportant.
John is quickly going into battle mode.  Sherlock loves to watch the stages of John’s Righteous Anger.  He’s bypassed stage one completely (breathing through his nose) and moved right on to stage two (the eyes of murder).  “Yes, please,” he says.  “If you’re going to interrupt my wedding you’d better have a damn good reason and I certainly want to hear it.”
John turns back to Mary.  “Two months.  Jesus.”  He runs a hand through his hair and over his face.  “Are you...late?”
“Well, that’s exactly
It wasn’t until he walked into that restaurant, determined to swoop back into John’s life, that he realized the chasm he’d made when he convinced John he’d died, how much he’d damaged him.  It was also in those very few seconds upon entering the restaurant and seeing John there, moustached and nervous, that Sherlock realised John was going to propose to a woman and that was simply the worst conceivable consequence of his leaving.  It was also then, at that moment, that all the
(See the end of the chapter for
“Eurovison winner,” John whispers back.  “Quite the voice.  Gorgeous lady - with a beard.  On the telly a few years back. You were quite rapt, remember?”
, and after two years without John and his newfound realisation that he was deeply in love with his former flatmate, Sherlock was floundering.
"Shut up, Johnny! You need this job!" reminds him his sister's voice and John immediately turns on the best of his smiles.
<< It is not her fault. She ... oh, leave me alone! >> shouts, rebelling against their hands that insist on holding him down. << You don't understand anything! >> he exclaims, while the devices around him ring, highlighting an abnormal acceleration of the heartbeat.
<< No >> whispers, however, this time, also abandoning the last supply of air. << No >> he repeats, fearing to die in the grip of the fist of a god-fearing woman, with the mission of eradicating the homosexual scum from the face of the earth.
<< Dangerous? >> the girl whispers. << Why would I be dangerous? >> incredulous question.
<< This mirror is really beautiful, Mary >> he says, amazed to find an object undoubtedly of value in that room and in the hands of this woman.
<< So either from Castlerigg or from St. Johns in the Vale. Maybe even from Keswick or Threlkeld >>.
<< No. Don't even think about it, Sherlock. I won't let you! >> John says, springing up, his finger pointed at him. << Don't you understand that this is what that madman wants? He want to get you away from everything that makes you human. He wanto to make you think you are a source of suffering for the people you care about >>.
Sherlock is so amused in John's reaction. He never expected John's body to be this honest. Of course, he already knew that there is a high possibility John would punch him after. He knows he should remember that what he's doing is an examination. John feels blood rush to his cheeks. He's definitely embarrassed to the noise he's making. Sherlock took out his fingers. John doesn't know if he should feel relief or disappointment. He was close. He was close until Sherlock stopped.
Suddenly there is the sound of a thunderclap, followed by a five-harp glissando and angelic harmonies. Golden letters formed of ancient-looking script appear magically above the altar, supported by cherubim.
Someone starts clinking a fork against a glass; within moments the small restaurant rings with the noise.  Sherlock swoops in and kisses John soundly to the backdrop of whistles and cheers.
“But John, you have to marry me,” she splutters crocodile-tearfully into the vicar’s microphone, “I...I’m rubbish with money. I need a chance to start again, new name, new life, new credit history. It was worth faking a few climaxes, and pretending to be friends with...him, when I knew there was an end in sight. And Sherlock was too besotted with you being back in his life again to get around to deducing my money problems.”
“The night before you married her I sat just here and worked out exactly what I would say.”
Organ music starts up. It’s meant to be the Wedding March, but combined with the persistent, electronic percussion, it’s more like the death rattle of a Victorian consumptive. Mary’s eyes shoot upward, to the organ loft, where the musician’s diminutive figure is perched.
“Upstaged at my own wedding,” she says out loud to no one in particular.  “By Sherlock bloody Holmes.”
Unable to let anything related to John go, Sherlock committed those scenarios -- from the plausible to the absolutely insane --  to memory on old-fashioned film reels stored in a sealed box in the projection room of his Mind Palace’s cinema.
To the right of the bride stands an attractive young woman with dark hair. She is sniffing back happy tears. She is Janine. Faces of friends smile from the audience: Molly, Mrs. Hudson, and Lestrade, first name unimportant.
“A wonderful wedding,” he corrects, and kisses her cheek.
“Psssst,” hisses Mary, “we can’t wait any longer. We’ll just have to start without him.”
“It’s
If Sherlock thought giving a best man's speech was hard, how will he handle his own wedding ceremony?
All Sherlock can think about is standing behind John at that ill-fated wedding seven years ago, when he so badly wanted to interrupt, stop time, reverse the clock, confess his love.  Part of him is still there, standing on the altar with John and Mary, mouthing along John’s vows in case he should forget them.  He remembers the flowers and the music and the tedious folding of napkins.  Sherlock was so thankful not to have had to seen John’s face as he said his vows, but Mary’s served as a mirror, reflecting joy and contentment (hateful).  Sherlock had stood there, trying his best to be
“And now, if there is anyone present who objects to the joining of these two people in holy matrimony, may they now be heard.”
“No!”
John says something lewd in response, shoves him a bit with his shoulder.
Her face speaks volumes.
The vicar has posed his question and Sherlock hiccups a response, drawing Mary’s attention.  She is instantly concerned.
But hang on a moment. Aren’t those lilacs a little too, well,
John bristles. “M-M-Mary?” he stutters. “Surely not...every time?”
our wedding night.  It’s raining.  And it could be dangerous.”  He thinks for a moment.  “Do you have your gun?” he asks quietly, eyebrow raised.
“Right now John is thinking that I’m being incredibly selfish,” Sherlock says to them.
John gives him the eye.
People mingle; the marriage certificate is issued.  Everyone congratulates them and there is hugging.  Sherlock finds he doesn’t mind, even when he notices a group of girls on the outskirts of the gardens with their phones.  They’ve been discovered, then.  He gives them a little wave, eliciting a few shrill screams of delight.  John can deal with the fans on the blog.  They’d just calmed down from his simple confirmation (Yeah, if you’ve seen us out together lately, it’s what you think it is) of their relationship a year ago, too.  Clients still arrived in a steady stream and someone finally collected a long-standing office bet at Scotland Yard.
“I do not like to repeat myself,” says Sherlock, bowling his top hat straight up to Archie in the organ loft, and stalking up the aisle like Naomi Campbell for Vivienne Westwood (before the fall, of course), “but in this highly unusual instance, I will make an exception….”
Everyone, that is, except the best man, who stands stiffly, to the left of the groom.  He wears an expression similar to one someone might have while cleaning a long-neglected public toilet.  It’s clear he’s only fulfilling his role as best man out of obligation.
Everyone, that is, except the best man, who stands, tense as a spring, to the left of the groom. There’s a line drawn between his brows and his lips are slightly turned down. It’s not quite a pout, but it is clear that this man is both unhappy and uncomfortable. He is Sherlock Holmes, known to most in the audience as John’s unusual friend and solver of unusual crimes (and a bit of a prick). Sherlock never looks particularly happy, except at a crime scene, so seeing him look put out surprises no one.
Mrs Hudson and Molly shake hands, then get the other members of the congregation to do the same. Mr Chatterjee produces a bottle of Bollinger from under his pew, Major Sholto slashes away the cork with a swish of his regimental sword; Mrs Hudson’s voluminous handbag disgorges an ice-bucket; Lestrade hands out glasses; Angelo pours; and Molly shares out a family-sized packet of Quavers. Soon the guests are dancing and chatting like the reception has already started, leaving the wedding party to sort themselves out centre stage.
As best man, he supposes it’s his job to stay and sort it out and pick up the pieces.  But the only pieces that matter are those that make up John, so he heads out the same way.
The whole wedding has disintegrated.  It’s a spectacular scandal.  The kind of thing that usually makes Sherlock look down his nose at the stupidity of sentiment.  If it were happening to anyone else, he’d be rolling his eyes or laughing.
Sherlock attempts a rejoinder, but finds himself unable to respond.  He frowns instead.
“And, what, precisely, is the reason for your objection?” offers the priest, voice uncertain and a little squeaky--he’s not sure this was even in the script.
“People do this, I’m told.  Give up their friendships to forge deeper, more mature relationships with their spouses.  They move on, find new friends.  Perhaps this would be acceptable if what we had was only friendship, John.  But it’s more than that.  Ask them,” he says, gesticulating to the audience, “ask any of them what we were, what we are.   We’ve never been ‘just friends’.  From the moment we met, things were
“John, Sherlock’s ill,” says Mary, worried.
“Did you smoke the whole packet, then?”  John laughs.
love me?”
“Can you promise me that your marriage to the Work has irretrievably broken down and that you’ve come to an agreement about custody of the Cases?” he challenges.
FOREVER HOLD YOUR PEACE
Later that week, he’d interviewed the entire guest list of John’s wedding.  Mrs. Hudson graciously set up tea and biscuits in her front room which functioned as a reception area for Sherlock’s guest screening experiment (a little obfuscation was necessary so that Mrs. Hudson thought John was both aware of and perfectly fine with it.  Bless her.).
To the right of the bride stands an attractive young woman with dark hair.  She is sniffing back happy tears.  She is Janine.  She has her eyes on Sherlock and is thinking about what he looks like under that formal outfit.  Faces of friends smile from the audience: Molly, Mrs. Hudson, and Lestrade, first name unimportant.
John then turns to the audience.  “If any of you object to my marrying this man,” he says seriously and loud enough for everyone to hear, “you can forever hold your bloody peace.”
“I do not have a woman’s body.  I cannot offer you pert breasts, full hips, or dainty feet.  I cannot bear your children.  But, with your help and patience, I could be what you need.  I can cherish you, honor you, protect you, make you laugh.  I can be faithful.  What I lack in...certain social graces...you can teach me.  And what you lack in sexual experience with men, I could teach you.
John huffs out a little laugh.
“Sherlock, love, stop worrying.  He’ll be here in a moment.  You’re acting like he’s not going to turn up.”
, not his and John’s.  John says that acceptance, too, will come with time.  For now, Abigail calls him “Sherlock” and they like microscopes and mud and reading.  She’s even taken up the violin, and while she’s not a prodigy, Sherlock believes that she shows developing skill for someone her age.  John’s daughter will never live at Baker Street -- when the truth is told, neither John nor Sherlock wants to be a full-time father -- but John’s old room has been designated as hers for when she occasionally sleeps over.  Molly enjoys babysitting, and indeed Mary dropped Abigail off with Molly that morning.  The relationship between them may well be cordial, but she doesn’t want to attend the wedding of her former husband on the day he marries his best friend.  (Sherlock does not blame her.  He does not want to particularly see her during the ceremony, either).
PROLOGUE: Ext. pre-dawn. The roof, St Bartholomew’s Hospital.
Away from John, he forced himself to push those memories aside, but John burned like a small, stubborn candle at the back of his mind while he relied on his intellect to dismantle Moriarty’s network.  Somewhere along the line, he’d convinced himself that John would be right there, waiting for him to return.  John would continue being John, as he always had: John who wore bad jumpers, who made good tea, whose hands never shook around a gun.
sculpture ever made, too.”
Sherlock looks up. “Then...you
, John had said.
.  We both knew it, though neither of us could acknowledge it at the time.  When I met you, you ripped the veil off the world for me.  You, John.  You unassuming man, my conductor of light.
relationships.  No one had ever held his interest like John did, and somewhere in there, Sherlock was absolutely terrified that if one day their hands were to join just so or their mouths finally meet, the equilibrium he’d finally reached would be once again destroyed.  Not worth the risk.  He was content to carry on indefinitely and probably would, had a certain set of events not sent him off on a dangerous mission to keep the only person he cared deeply about from harm.
David steels himself and gets on with it.
“Ask Molly, how it grieved me to leave you.  Ask Mrs. Hudson, who has graciously put up with me the past few weeks as I’ve caused more damage to our flat --
“...thrush?” continues Sherlock, his voice (unfortunately for Janine) carrying perfectly over the noise of the guests’ inebriated chatter, “vaginal warts? Chlamydia? Herpes...?”
“It’s someone who personally observes or experiences something.”
“Mary!”
Yours faithfully,
“Don’t fucking touch me!” yells John, shrugging off Sherlock’s hands.  The vicar’s eyebrows nearly march off his face.  “You
Sherlock studies his father, who sits quietly, contentedly, as his mother goes on about the changes to the park since she was a child.  His father’s hands are still large, slender, and strong, though they are now spotted with age and the knuckles have swollen.  The one grasping the cane still bears the wedding ring he’s always worn, even though he married long before rings became traditional for men.  Sherlock wonders if his father has ever removed it, wonders how his own will feel.  He will wear one, too.  John had seemed genuinely surprised when Sherlock suggested they go and choose, and was even more surprised when Sherlock selected a plain gold design that would clearly mark him as a married man.
“John, I object.”
There is one awful moment where the church is deadly quiet.  Molly holds her hand over her mouth.  Lestrade is eyeing John dubiously.  It’s Mrs. Hudson who moves, slowly, from the front pew where she’s sitting as John’s honorary mother.  She spends a moment regarding the young man who interrupted before she turns her attention to Mary.  She spares a glance at Sherlock, who conveys with a small look that yes, yes indeed, Ms. Morstan did have a final goodbye - a mercy fuck, really - with David, and that yes, indeed, she’s with child, and that John may or may not be the father.  “How dare you.  Both of you,” she whispers with disgust, before turning and making her way down the aisle toward the door.
. That is my objection,” explains Sherlock, gesturing towards the pews. “Gordon Lestrade, in the front row, is from the police, and I am telling him, as I am, indeed, telling you all. That woman, over there…” and he points dramatically at Mary, “is a liar and a thief.”
Then Sherlock takes aim with his extraordinary eyes--nearly turquoise in the spotlight--and fixes Mary with a stare that says everything. Literally. Words, neatly formed in helvetica 32-point, cloud around her like literary confetti, a bridal shower of devastating truth: “marrying for money”; “serial cheater”; “uses supermarket bread mix;” “tax evader”; and “gambling debts”; mingle with “heartbreaker”; “Daily Mail reader”; and--most devastating of all-- “orgasm faker”.
I am certain that a few pictures of the event will surface online.  If I appear to be leaking about the eyes, be assured that there was a dreadful wind and that I could scarcely see because of it.
If this scene were from a soap opera, Mary would storm up to Sherlock and slap him round the face, then burst into tears, stamp on her bouquet and thrust the bedraggled stems at John in disgust. Janine would slap John, grab Mary, and put supportive arms around her as she led her out of the church--somehow managing to wink at Sherlock and slipping him her phone number in the process.
They stand for a moment in awkward silence before nodding at one another in an unspoken acknowledgement of brotherly affection.
Sherlock’s eyes flutter open.  It was very dark and rather cool.  John stands before him, tapping him gently on the arm.
Most of the guests, including Sherlock, react as is the newcomer is speaking a foreign language.
Mary takes a long look at the scene in front of her.  Archie is narrating the whole thing like a football commentator, Molly has found some kitchen towels, Janine looks like she’s about to vomit herself, and someone has opened the door for some air and paper decorations and flowers are drifting aimlessly about in the breeze.  Nobody is paying her the slightest attention. There is puke splattered on her wedding dress. John has completely forgotten about the ceremony, his focus solely on Sherlock.  He’s lovingly cradling Sherlock’s head with one hand and holding a waste-paper basket with the other.
“Who the fuck organised that brat to do music?” seethes Mary quietly, knowing that to evict dear little Archie from his musical eyrie would be the ultimate in Bridezilla behaviour and therefore endear her to no-one. “That wasn’t on the spreadsheet I signed off. Wait til we see Sherlock. I’ll bloody deck him.”
Too sick to care about the mess he’s made, Sherlock lies down on the floor.  Perhaps poisoning himself was a bad idea after all.  He’s sweating profusely and shaking, and he’s going to need the toilet soon.  John kneels down, completely unconcerned with the state of his suit, and brushes Sherlock’s hair from his forehead.
Inside the tastefully decorated chapel (more lemon and lilac), the bride and groom stand at the altar, hands clasped. The vicar--a stern, elderly bear of a man who must be a foot taller than John--gestures none too subtly at his watch and begins to tap his foot, adding a steely, insistent touch to the increasingly ominous sound of drums.  To the right of the bride stands an attractive young woman  with dark hair.  She is looking at the bride and sniffing back happy tears.  She is Janine, the chief bridesmaid.
, because everyone has a right to marry whom they love, even you.  Even if… even if it wasn’t me.”
“Yeah.”  John leans back on the bench, stretches.
They leave, and soon Angelo brings out a wedding cake.  John had suggested Angelo’s signature tiramisu but Sherlock’s mother’s neighbour (and owner of the village bakery) insisted she do the honours.  Sherlock acquiesced, if only because her confections are so delicious they could bring about world peace.  (They did in fact bring peace to the Holmes household on more than one occasion, and that’s close enough).   Mycroft announces it’s time to cut the cake (fitting, thinks Sherlock) and people begin to gather at the back of the restaurant where there’s a buffet table set up for this type of thing.  They slice the traditional three tiers together, with a knife that looks like it belongs in an Indiana Jones film and most certainly didn’t come from the kitchen.  People return to their tables with a slice each and are served coffee and tea.
“Indeed.”
“Stop!  Stop the wedding!”
“Don’t want to be hungover.  So I called it a night and went home.  You weren’t there.”
Drums play softly, but persistently, as the guests file in, chattering excitedly. Overdressed females in flowery frocks and fascinators, men uncomfortable in collars and ties. Everyone in shades of lemon: it makes most of the women look bilious. Which surely wouldn’t have been the bride’s intention. Mary’s a lovely person, who sees the best in everyone. Isn’t she.
John looks around at the disaster that used to be his wedding. Everyone seems to have forgotten him. Mary has let him go completely and  is now firmly focused on the embarrassed Janine, as she makes her way out of the church pursued by the sound of Sherlock’s increasingly intimate deductions. ”..vaginismus? Piles…? Pubic lice?”
He’s failing horribly.
Sherlock’s parents, for the most part, are perfectly normal people.  Both Holmes boys inherited their mother’s brains and their father’s charm.  And although both Holmes brothers are often mistaken for landed gentry, the truth was that Mr. and Mrs. Holmes brought their boys up just like ordinary, loving parents do everywhere.  They played with them often, taught them to love learning, to enjoy nature, to tell a good joke, to read, and to make tea.   Daddy kicked footballs around and pretend-wrestled and told a horribly frightening ghost story.  Mummy was brilliant but kind, made flapjacks and cheated at card games just to make sure the boys were paying attention.  Mummy also had a horribly embarrassing love for classic musicals and a habit of banging out Rodgers & Hammerstein on the family piano whenever the mood took her..
Hello. As many of you may already know, John and are are now married, so you can stop haranguing him for his phone number or second-guessing his sexuality.  He wanted to be the one to type this up, but as he is currently indisposed, I believe that as his husband, I have the right to hack his blog at whim.  Granted, I did that anyway before I married him, but now I shall do so more frequently just because I can.
Sherlock: The Musical.  A mash-up for the ages.  Sherlock always did have a flair for drama.
“I only have a few moments,” begins Sherlock, “before someone does the ‘right’ thing and forces me away, but I swear, John, in front of our friends, that I do object to your marriage.  I object to your domestication, what will likely be the suffocation of your spirit, and your submission to the status quo.  Your mind will grow stagnant and your heart will ache for the thrill of the chase.  You will lay awake at night wishing we were running through dark alleys.  You will long for
“I knew there was something a bit off about that girl,” Mrs Hudson insists. “She’s got hair like a nightclub bouncer.”
“What’s a witness?” she asks as Sherlock stands.
Mary’s face is a mixture of emotions: cautious, furious, concerned, indignant.  She opens her mouth to speak, several times, but nothing comes out.  For once, she’s rendered silent.  Sherlock continues to speak to her, though he keeps his physical distance.
Everyone freezes.
Okay, folks.  This was written entirely by BettySwallocks, and it will be her very first published fanfiction, so give her a big round of applause for having the, uh, swallocks, to post it.  She is hilarious.
“And a...one...,” intones the priest. ‘And a two…. And a one, two, three four…”
he will be here.”  Her lips twitch up into a half-smile.
Sherlock nods his approval after he’s seated his parents.
John has spent most of the day at Mike’s place, convinced that spending the day apart was not only traditional but a way to build anticipation.  (Sherlock had told John that there was no need to build anticipation, and then showed him just how much he anticipated being legally married with a morning blow job.  John left anyway.)
Mycroft smirks smugly. “It’s not for you.  After all the headaches you’ve caused me the past decade?  I think not.  This is for John.”
“The thief has the
“Ouch!” he yelps.
There were a few cases, nothing incredibly important. Sherlock took them on just for the opportunity to be Sherlock and John again, and then John had to go and ruin everything by telling Sherlock he loved him (in a purely platonic way, of course) and wanted him to be his best man.
“Mary?” Archie’s voice is innocent and questioning.
They giggle.
“After all, it was I who left him first.  To his credit, he’s tried to tell me that things won’t change much, that I’ve got nothing to worry about.  John, you think that you’ll still pick up one of my texts and be there right away. That you’ll still be in and out of 221B so often, I won’t hardly notice that you’ve moved out.
Sherlock’s head whips toward the audience.
And in strolls Sherlock, all charisma and cheekbones, sadly not clad in leather and suspenders, but still sex on legs in his morning suit, a longer, tighter version of John’s. He stands at the back of the church, glances contemptuously at the congregation, the bridesmaid, the bride, the vicar, and lastly (considerably less contemptuously) the groom, and says, quietly, “Me. I object.”
“I’m so sorry, John,” David is saying.  “I just couldn’t let you marry him if--”
Janine, meanwhile, has turned very pale. She drops Mary’s bouquet, which promptly gets trampled underfoot as general chaos spreads among the bridal party, who have apparently forgotten about vows and have now turned into pest controllers. The spider that had made its home in Mary’s cleavage has now found its way out of the bottom of her dress and is making a beeline--or should that be a spiderline--for Janine. It’s so large that it looks like a mouse skittering across the red carpet. Janine faints dead away. John leaves his bride to deal with the spiders as he tends to Janine. Molly is yelling something about not hurting the spiders and tries to collect them in her hat.
Sherlock interrupts the wedding the way we wanted him to - a full confession at the right moment.
Sherlock watches John carefully.
To the right of the bride stands an attractive young woman with dark hair.  She is sniffing back happy tears.  She is Janine.  Faces of friends smile from the audience: Molly, Mrs. Hudson, and Lestrade, first name unimportant.
Mycroft invites Molly to read some poetry by Kahlil Gibran.  This is not Sherlock’s idea, but John likes poetry and thought that it would do in place of some traditional diatribe about love and commitment.  John holds Sherlock’s hands throughout.  He steadily maintains eye contact, though he occasionally looks at his daughter, who waves at him, and smiles.  He sniffs, wrinkling his nose that Sherlock finds endearing, and licks his lips.  The muscles that control his eyebrows are particularly active today, lifting and twitching and making John look like John.
Janine covers her own mouth and looks revolted.  Several guests run for towels, buckets, anything.  Sherlock is perhaps making a show of it, or perhaps he really is dying, but he retches loudly and can’t seem to stop.  He’s now kneeling on the altar, making a horrible mess.  If the painted cherubim could turn away, they would.
But now Sherlock has spotted John, deduced his imminent departure and leapt over the last pews to gather him into his arms. John shrugs him off, and Sherlock returns to the altar, and sinks to his knees, defeated.
The vicar looks confused.  Archie makes an exclamation of surprise.  Janine’s eyes widen.
John smiles.  “I might not always want to come first, Sherlock. It depends what we’re doing with each other. But I promise to always come when convenient.’
he says to himself.
“I shall never leave you again.  I cannot apologise enough for the pain I caused you.  If only I could have found the words, John, to tell you how I felt.  It would have worked, I know it.  We would have stumbled in the doorway one night after a brilliant 9, or fallen asleep against each other under my coat, or got ourselves kidnapped, and it would have happened.  We would have reached for one another and become physically intimate.
Sherlock kisses his mother and Molly, shakes the appropriate hands, slaps the appropriate backs.  “Stay and amuse yourselves and...do whatever people do at these things.”  The guests chuckle.
The screen is almost entirely dark: the sun has not yet risen. We hear the plaintive sound of violin music, vaguely eastern European in character: definitely not English, but part of the multicultural soundscape nevertheless. As the day slowly dawns, the camera pans to the lone musician, dressed in simple peasant attire, eyes closed in rapture, teetering on the very edge of the hospital roof.
“Today,” corrects John.  “You don’t even know what time it is, do you?”
, he’s back in Bristol, at St. Mary Magdelene’s, but this time,
“You met Janine,” Sherlock supplies, “and it was love at first sight. How did you meet? Hmm. You’d been with John for what, six months by then, and he’d just proposed…” He narrows his eyes. “Janine had come into the surgery with a trivial complaint of some kind...something you fixed in your sexual health clinic...some sort of minor gynaecological trouble…?” He wrinkles  his forehead thoughtfully. “Female transport isn’t really my area…”
.  Well, well, well.  He had hoped for such a thing to happen, but he honestly thought David wouldn’t have the balls for such a display.  Mrs. Hudson must have been especially convincing.
“To love,” said Sherlock Holmes, then ate the whole thing, down to the last crumb of cake.
Sherlock gives up fighting and lets the transport take over.  He sways a bit on his feet.  He hiccups again.  He’s turned a particularly nasty shade of pale.
John, who isn't afraid of blood or shit or puke, is in doctor mode.  His eyes are wide but demeanor calm.  “Sherlock!  Jesus, Sherlock.  Hang in there, OK?  Just breathe.  Breathe.”
“Mr. Holmes!” he shouts, looking around.  “Dr. Watson!”
“Two million pounds, to be precise,” says the uninvited guest, still dripping onto the floor. “I saw it delivered to the gallery this morning, and have not left the premises until just now: but somehow, whilst the front door and windows were closed, and we were all on site at a staff meeting, the sculpture has been taken!”
“I don’t know.  Just deleted it,” Sherlock deadpans.  He stares at John for a moment in the dark, before his eyes soften and his lips curl into a smile.
“Because he’s an idiot,” Sherlock tells her softly, voice audibly less worried than before, before turning back to John.  Their eyes meet, lock gazes.  “I’m not going to tell you cannot marry her, but if I had had any foresight whatsoever and even the slightest bit of your courage, it would have been me opposite you now, pledging to you what I now know has always been yours: my heart.  I love you, John Hamish Watson.  I love you with every molecule of my being, and therefore I object to your marriage.”
They grin at each other, two fools in love.
“Sherlock thinks Mary really loves Janine, and is only marrying John to take advantage of his credit rating,” Molly replies earnestly.
According to John, Mary had always believed that Sherlock had approached the Morstan-Watson wedding as a man who wanted nothing more than to get it over with, displacing his great trepidation and fear with the fervour of preparations.  Sherlock had never doubted her ability to see right through him.  She really was very clever.
John shakes his head, as if to physically dislodge the image of himself and Sherlock N Furter squirming, snogging and groping their way all over the sofa in 221B. Fantasy John and Fantasy Sherlock seem to know exactly what to do to each other and they’re loving it.
“You arse.”
John stands as if ready for battle, eyes on his bride, but body angling itself ever forward, towards his best man.
“And now, if there is anyone present who objects to the joining of these two people in holy matrimony, may they now be heard.”
John sniffs, then swallows.  He licks his lips.  His hands are clasped behind his back, jaw tight and head lifted.  But his eyes -- even those in the back of the audience can see those eyes, softened now, shining with moisture.  His heart is on display: here is a man torn in two, and everyone in the audience knows it, knows where Sherlock is heading next.  No one seems to know better than Mary, who sinks down onto the steps and wraps her arms around herself.  Sherlock feels for her, he really does, but he’s lost John once and if he stops now, he will hate himself forever.  He takes a long, shaky breath, and meets John’s eyes.  He nearly can’t finish under the intensity of it.  John’s emoting so many things at once Sherlock can’t distinguish exactly what the man is thinking.  But there’s no stopping now.
Sherlock doesn’t argue.  They walk through the park hand-in-hand, in silence.  The door to 221b closes silently behind them.  They skip the squeaky eighth step without thinking about it.  The lights stay off.  No one bothers with teeth.  They leave their clothes over the chair in their bedroom before collapsing in bed.  Sherlock curls to his side; John spoons him, breath hot and moist between Sherlock’s shoulder blades.  Sherlock finds John’s arm, pulls it over him.
“You look very beautiful,” he tells her sincerely.
“But you know what?” she continues as Sherlock leads her to the pavillion.  “I don’t think you need evidence.  I mean, for you and dad.  It’s pretty obvious.”
‘Yes, John, I promise. I still love the Work, but The Cases will stay in the Mind Palace during moments of intimacy. From now on, John Watson, you will always come first.’
“No...well...OK, yes,” she admits. “It was obvious from the start that you loved Sherlock, dead or alive. You didn’t admit it to yourself. I knew you’d never have looked twice at me if he’d still been around. But you thought he was dead, and there I was. Right place, right time. I did like you, I still do. And then…”
“You look fantastic,” says John, eyeing him.  Maybe the whole anticipation thing was a good idea after all.   In an effort not to repeat any element of John’s wedding to Mary, Sherlock opts for his own suit, but he has distinguished himself from his ordinary work wear by wearing the waistcoat.  The dark purple shirt he used to wear and that John used to admire had long been discarded, but he paid homage to it by wearing a tie of the exact same shade, a plummy-fig that paired well with the dark wool of his jacket.  He’s tried to tame his hair, but the wind has decided to get its fingers into it.  That’s OK.  He knows John likes it better wild, anyway.
Sherlock clasps his hands together now, brings them to his lips a moment and looks at John, who has finally managed to meet his eyes, where Sherlock sees that his brilliant anger has dissipated into a combination of confusion, disbelief, and fatigue.
Unfortunately for him, those padlocks just don’t want to stay shut when Sherlock’s inebriated.  There’s a reason he doesn’t often get pissed.  A few days after his disastrous stag night, with the wedding looming ahead of him, he stole a couple of bottles of 1990 Chateau Latour from Mycroft’s cellar.   What his brain did with his misery was rather colourful.
Sherlock clears his throat, speaks.  “John.”
This last word he chokes on a bit.  They’ve lied to themselves for so long.  No more untruths.  Sherlock turns now to John, who stands still as a statue.  He has dropped Mary’s hands and his left hand is trembling.  HIs eyes are shut.
Late spring. A church. The exact location of the church is irrelevant, although it is the chapel of St. Mary Magdelene’s in Bristol. It’s a beautiful day. The gardens are lush and verdant, ivy clings to weathered stone walls, and the lilacs are in full bloom. It’s a perfect day for a wedding, and, indeed, a wedding is taking place inside.
The thick, oak door to the chapel swings open so violently that everyone in the pews jumps six inches.
Sherlock turns to the man he’s chosen to be his husband.  “John, I wanted nothing more than to stop you marrying Mary.  I thought of poisoning myself.  I wanted to let spiders loose.  Sabotage of the worse kind, finding some way to ruin it for you, even confessing myself but I didn’t, I
“Well,” says John, too loudly.  “Are you going to deny this?  Tell me you’re denying it.  Mary?  Mary?”
Mary looks sceptical. “Really?”  Her eyes are sad.  “Oh, John.  How could you not?”
, she’d said.  So I looked.  I think you know what I saw.”
It’s what you do for people you love.
24hrs earlier, Sherlock was removing a specific strain of S. enterica from an incubator.  Hoping he hadn’t miscalculated their potency, he put them in solution.  He filled an empty perfume atomiser (Dior’s
Although he prefers casualwear to tailored clothing, John looks perfectly comfortable in his three-piece suit.  He’s got a Watson tartan hanky tucked into the breast pocket, and Sherlock deduces that he’s wearing his silly blue and green polka-dot socks that for some reason he thinks are fashionable.  What’s under those flattering trousers Sherlock cannot guess, but he’s thinking about the hair on John’s calves when John finally meets him in the garden.
But this scene resides within the mind of a man who has deleted nearly all of the above.  He has no frame of reference with which to conclude, and he is terrified of whatever John may say next.  His mind cannot complete it.  Emotional overload: system malfunction.
.  The day he met David, Sherlock had worked out that he and Mary engaged in intercourse more than once, but that it had meant something much more to him than it had to her.  He frightened David off and made a point
It appears David has grown a spine, and maybe a pair of bollocks as well, for now he stands, desperate.
(Or, Five times Sherlock interrupted John’s wedding, and the one time he interrupted his own)
Late spring.  A church.  The exact location of the church is irrelevant, although it is the chapel St. Mary Magdelene’s in Bristol.  It’s a beautiful day.  The gardens are lush and verdant, ivy clings to weathered stone walls, and the lilacs are in full bloom.  It’s a perfect day for a wedding, and, indeed, a wedding is taking place inside.
For as logical as he is, Sherlock does have a fairly healthy imagination.  The month before John’s wedding, Sherlock was spinning utterly ridiculous scenarios of how to disrupt the nuptials that would ruin his chance of ever being more than John’s best friend.  Plotting nefarious schemes did serve a purpose in solving crime, after all.  And he does so love a good bit of drama.
And then, there’s John himself, walking through the gate.  Even at this distance, Sherlock deduces his mood from his posture and gait: John is confident, satisfied, and profoundly happy.  As John approaches, Sherlock admires him.  He’s older now than when they first met; his hair is completely grey, and the lines on his face have deepened, a testament to John’s expressive nature.  But he’s taken to keeping fit these days, jogging several times a week and doing a basic military regime of push-ups and sit-ups every morning.  His shoulder bothers him in the cold, but he never whinges; Sherlock rubs the knots out of it with his hands in front of the fire.  Sherlock is struck again how much he adores John, not just his personality, but the package it comes in as well.  John’s body is home, John’s body is love.  Sherlock’s transport readily agrees.
There is John, only John, and John’s face, his blue, blue eyes...
“I’m glad I’m a witness,” she says, licking her lower lip exactly the way her father does.  “It’s like proof.  Evidence.  Right?”
You see, today is a bad day for Sherlock.  Not only is he emotionally compromised, having to watch the man he loves marry someone else, he loathes weddings in general and is uncomfortable with the sheer number of people wearing fancy clothes and overpowering perfume.  Any of these things is enough to turn Sherlock’s stomach.  The thing is, however, that at the moment, on top of the nervousness, disappointment and heartache, Sherlock Holmes has a belly full of food and a raging salmonella infection.
“Ask yourself, John.  What were we?  I think you know as well as I do.”
Sherlock met his parents at the train station earlier in the day, had lunch with them at Baker Street, and together they walked, albeit slowly, to the park.
“I think so, too,” he replies.
Sherlock blinks.  Nope.  Deleted.  Shame.
best man, my
They walk away from Queen Mary’s Gardens, which will one day boast a plaque that reads “Site of Wedding of Sherlock Holmes and Dr. John H. Watson.”
“You know,” says John, “I quite fancy just walking home to Baker Street. Skip the whole thing.”
Dismantling a wedding, Jerry Springer/Jeremy Kyle style.
Sherlock observes the ground.  He may have.  “Sorry,” he mutters, although he knows that his occasional indulgences don’t bother his lover as much as they used to.  Trivial, really, after all they’ve been through.
A portion of the restaurant has been cleared for a makeshift dance floor.  Mike, of all people, is serving as a DJ, playing music from his Macbook.  A few of the guests dance, including Sherlock’s mother and father.  Wiggins takes Molly for a spin, showing off another latent talent.  John has flat out refused to dance in public again, but he promises Sherlock that later, when it’s just the two of them, they can waltz around the flat all Sherlock would like.  (They’d had a bit of a row about the dancing; Sherlock accused John of being embarrassed to dance with a man.  John assured him that it wasn’t.  Sometimes Sherlock still needs lessons in sentiment:
Those left in the congregation are shifting uncomfortably, not knowing how to escape from this spectacle.
“There’ve been five long years I've known this man/Killed for him, grieved for him/For nearly five years my life’s been his/If that's not love, what is?”
“Yes.  Or, in this case, a public declaration with legal implications.”
Mary cannot help but glance over to her chief bridesmaid. Janine’s “tears of joy” take on a whole new meaning as Sherlock’s final selection of letters flutter around John’s now-disgraced bride like butterflies flitting through weedkiller: “Closet Lesbian.”
Mary pauses a moment, then seems to come to a decision. She looks over at John, shrugs her shoulders, and follows her best friend out of the church door.
and I’ll not have it at my wedding.  No one gets to object to this.”  Mycroft raises an eyebrow but remains silent.
“Pardon?” splutters the vicar, fake accent abandoned, microphone drooping in his hand like a limp, greasy penis. He is clearly unsure what to do next, and raises his eyes heavenward, as if seeking divine inspiration, or perhaps willing Archie to resume the music and give people a distraction.
“My name is Solomon Broad.  Someone’s stolen
“I don’t know.  It
“I. Object.”
The bride and groom smile at one another.  John waggles his eyebrows.  Mary laughs.  The audience giggles a little bit.  No one ever says anything.
“I object to your marriage!”  There.  It’s out.  Sherlock is looking at the back of John’s head.  His eyes are shining and he stands there without his usual haughty demeanor, as if he’s been stripped, peeled like a lobster, the shell torn away to reveal vulnerable flesh.
Suddenly, an image of Sherlock, performing “Sweet Transvestite”, leaps into John’s addled brain, towering over him, a panther stalking a baby rabbit, Belstaff hanging seductively open to reveal long, long legs in black stockings, pouty oh-so-kissable mouth outlined in scarlet lipstick, elegant waist, snake hips in leather briefs, and high, high heels.
“So I’m a witness.”
The next twenty minutes or so are rather a blur.  People arrive: Wiggins, who has scrubbed up remarkably well except for his red Converse.  A few of John’s colleagues and his cousin Jane, with Archie, who is now nearly sixteen and still thinks Sherlock is the epitome of cool.  Harry doesn’t make it, but in a way, Sherlock is relieved that John doesn’t have to be concerned about her - it’s their day, and Sherlock does not want anything but John’s happiness.
Mary’s eyebrows draw together, and her hand flies to her head. Indeed, there’s a spider. A rather large spider. In fact, Sherlock knows, there are four of them - it never hurts to be prepared. A spindly arachnid that is certainly not native to the UK (Sherlock called in a favour from a former client who happened to work at the B.U.G.S. exhibition at London Zoo to get the buggers -- large but relatively harmless Australian hunstman spiders) works its way out of the folds of lace and runs across Mary’s collarbone. .
Forever Hold Your Peace
But he wasn’t happy about it.  The nights before that particular wedding were spent much the same way he was now, loitering in the park, puffing away, sitting in dark places, thinking dark thoughts.
attraction there, whether John denied it or not.  Sherlock was convinced that it would take so little to tip the scales, to push their friendship into the realm of romance.  At the time, though, the idea was terrifying.  Sherlock didn’t
There is, if anything, an even more stunned silence.
If this scene were from an action film, it would be at this moment that Mary would hitch up her dress, pull a gun from her garter and shoot Sherlock in the foot before delivering a roundhouse kick to the vicar’s head and running off with the bridesmaids in a hail of bullets, John shouting streams of creative invective behind her.
“No, you don’t, Sherlock,” says John, sadly. “You love making a scene. You love attention. You love an audience. And you’ve certainly got one today. But I can’t watch any more. Maybe Mary wasn’t right for me after all, and perhaps she never was: but just now, all I want is some air.’
Sherlock is looking at John with big, sad eyes.  “I’m sorry,” he manages between bouts of vomiting, “I’m so sorry.”
“You are the only person I could possibly marry,” he continues.  “No one else would have the patience or kindness to be my friend, let alone my spouse.  I owe you a profound debt simply for allowing me to share your life with you.  I want to grow old with you, I want to…
keep him right.  John reins him him, his fixed point.  A comet hurtles through space until a star pulls it back, and it always returns, cold ice melting and turning it into a brilliant cosmic phenomenon.  It’s how they’ve defined themselves for years.
“I don’t know why they always ask that at weddings,” mutters Mrs Hudson to Angelo. “No-one ever says anyth…”
The noise of the party quiets as the two men in question emerge from the crowd.
They bound out the door to general applause; the little bell rings behind them.
“Oh shit,” says Archie’s mother under her breath, before quickly dragging the boy out, much to his dislike.
And then, with all the grace of a drunken teenager, Sherlock projectile vomits onto the altar.  John doesn’t quite duck in time.  It’s the stuff of horror films.
John smiles, and locks his big blue eyes on Sherlock’s. “Yes, Sherlock. I’ve been in denial. I’ve wanted to be with you from the first moment we met.”
“But the rings,” replies John. “Sherlock’s got them.”
The day of their wedding is breezy and chilly when the sun ducks behind the clouds, but at least the rain’s held off. They’ve opted for a very informal, late-afternoon wedding in Regent’s Park;  Mycroft had little problem having Queen Mary’s Gardens designated as an official wedding venue.
man.  My best friend, warden of my well being and my heart.  I have spent the majority of my life without you, but it was only the years I spent with you that I was well and truly alive.  You are never boring.”
John actually laughs at this, a cross between a derisive snort and a hiccup.  He must know it’s true, that Mary--like any woman--wouldn’t want him running off with Sherlock at all hours, doing something stupid, reckless, and dangerous.
, he’s saying back.
“Mary Morstan.  I love you.  I have always loved you.”
In Sherlock’s scenario, no one says anything.
“Hm.  Stolen contemporary art,” Sherlock muses.
John protested to Angelo, and Sherlock knew
Everyone, that is, except the best man, who looks like he’s about to keel over.  He’s pale and sweating.  He is Sherlock Holmes, known to most in the audience as John’s unusual friend and solver of unusual crimes (and a bit of a prick).  Sherlock never looks particularly happy, except at a crime scene, so seeing him look a bit off surprises no one, except for Mary, who occasionally eyes the best man with...concern?  Suspicion?  Triumph?
SCENE ONE: Ext. The church. 3pm.
Sodding Mycroft.
John keeps his back to his best friend and his eyes down.  He’s still holding Mary’s hands, but he’s silent.
Many members of the audience do the same; slowly, the church empties as the sad little drama continues up front.  The bridesmaids congregate at the side of the church where Janine is trying to figure out what to do.
Lestrade arrives and shakes Mycroft’s hand.  He asks what he can do to help; Mycroft suggests they wait at the gate for guests to arrive.  Sherlock hears Lestrade laugh, loudly, as he and his brother walk down the long path toward the entrance of the gardens.
But no more running, no more leaving and returning.  It’s new territory, one to be explored side-by-side.  They’re crossing a threshold, but he certainly won’t be carrying John over one. The best he can do now is rely on symbolism and hope his spouse gets the point.  “Together?” he asks softly.
“Sherlock, I swear...”
In the morning, Sherlock Holmes will marry John Watson.
And it was.
But then again, he and John are far from normal.
Full and content, Sherlock thinks that maybe this is the time he and John escape back to Baker Street and have sex until they drop of sheer exhaustion when there is a pounding on the door that cannot be ignored.  Angelo opens it, annoyed at the man’s insistence and tries to tell him that there’s a private gathering and the restaurant is closed to the public.  The man actually pushes past Angelo (no easy feat) and looks around wildly.  His hair is sticking to his head, little rivulets of rain trickle down his face and neck and into his coat.
“Brilliant!” crows Archie.
“Not your housekeeper, dear”, she responds, but she is winking.
“Lestrade go easy on you, then?”  John smells of the pub, but Sherlock doesn’t mind.  He reeks of tobacco himself.
flat, John -- in my inability to deal with these feelings, these
The girl, blonde and petite, lets go of Molly’s hand and hugs Sherlock around his thighs.  He squats down to see her better, being careful not to wrinkle his trousers too badly.  “Happy wedding day,” she says.  Sherlock tucks a strand of hair behind her ear and straightens her beret.
“Stop this, Sherlock,” John whispers.  “Just stop it. This is
The poetry portion of the ceremony dispensed with, Sherlock’s father helps Abigail with her violin.  She stays to the right of her father, takes a deep breath, nods at Sherlock, and begins playing.  The fingers of Sherlock’s left hand move on John’s hand; he wrote the piece, after all.  John has lived with him long enough to recognize an original Holmes composition, and he looks fondly at his daughter and then up at his companion.  “It’s beautiful,” he whispers, even as Abigail bows a G rather flat.  She gives a little curtsey when she’s done, eliciting a little amused clap from the audience, before giving her father and Sherlock a joint hug and returning to her spot next to her grandparents-to-be.
There were many similar notes. Names of men and women who have had the misfortune of finding themselves caught by an accident on those mountains and rescued by the wrong people.
<< As a doctor I would advise you to carry out a series of check-ups. Simple routine tests, which, however, I imagine you have never done. It is possible that it all started with a drop in pressure caused by the excessive heat present in the sauna, already when we went here for the first time. The situation has worsened and now you are struggling to recover and I believe that the trauma of what has happened to you also has something to do with it. You are a human being, Sherlock, but put your body to constant stress of sleep and food deprivation. There is not only the head, you know? The machine, as you call your body, is important, otherwise the head does not turn >>.
<< Her ‘friends’ have started giving her over >> says George in disgust. << They accuse her of wanting to sabotage the organization, of being a spy for the system and that she should be ashamed of having tried to damage a portal that does everything to help young people in difficulty. They put some photos on the net… embarrassing >> he says, blushing. << They even advised her to commit suicide >>.
<< I know it well, brother >> Sherlock replies angrily. << Mary, however, had no other way but to do herself justice. Hataway would not have believed her and asking for her help would only have led her to be thrown into the pit for having risked ruining family affairs. That madman of his older brother, Freddie, did nothing but threaten her by saying this >>.
<< These are the documents I requested from the chief of the hotel >> Sherlock tells him. << The names of the Spa staff and their planning >>.
<< Not one, Sherlock was categorical! >>. Mrs Hudson looks carefully the top of the stairs and then wispers. << I gave one to him when Sherlock didn't looks to us >> .
<< You mean he went there just to kill the dog? >> asks incredulous Greg. Sherlock and William nod in unison and Morgan barking.
John stifles a laugh, bringing his hand to cover his lips. Note a similarity in the tone of the voice, in the expression and in the way the boy moves ... but he puts it away shaking his head. Sherlock glares at him.
<< We will have a nice chat with this 'master' >> says Sherlock, standing up. Dizziness makes him stagger and John grabs him just in time.
<< It's for a good cause, Mycroft >> John replies, annoyed by his tone. << That portal has already led too many young to commit suicide >>.
<< And is it possible, therefore, to go from the massage room to the staff changing rooms without being filmed by the camera? >>.
<< For a long time I asked myself when the moment would come when you would relive the traumas of your childhood and youth. You had to run into an unfortunate and crazy woman to do it >>.
John, Greg and the two women are not sure it was a suitable speech for an eight year old child. William, however, takes seriously what the consultant said.
"I will be useless and strange, but for a fuck I am more than good, right?" John would like to tell her, but he bites his tongue trying to be kind in spite of everything.
The door opens and the first thing that enters the room is a tray. Two huge hands support the tray. The fingers are swollen, indicative of poor circulation. The arms are strong under the red flannel shirt with blue stripes that cross to form many squares. Arms accustomed to chopping wood and doing hard work, for which it was simple to load him and take him up two flights of stairs.
We sigh to you,
When the images end, the mind remains empty and the arm stops. Sherlock slowly opens his eyes and blinks several times to focus on where he is. The woman sitting next to him has a face wet with tears and red eyes.
<< A ... hell? >> Greg asks her. Lizzy nods wiping her tears with her hand.
<< What invitations? >> asks John, whose stomach starts to ache.
The vulgar laughter of John's fellow drunken soldier, resounds in Sherlock's head. It was this man who had taken Sherlock and dragged him with them to that dirty pub. That man that had supply him with alcohol, that was on him, that embarrass him. John hadn't said anything to defense Sherlock. On the contrary, he had chuckled amused and pretended to be embarrassed by the words of his former comrades. It is also possible that everything was prepared. Yes, it is possible that he, the brilliant consulting detective, has fallen into a trap. That John, accustomed to seducing and abandoning, as his friends were keen to point out, had asked them to help him to go his flatmate to bed with him. John needed their help to then be able to stage the victim of the circumstances, perhaps blaming him for drinking and being, as usual, out of place, intrusive, 'crazy', in fact. A comfortable way to be able to keep his place in their flat and, perhaps, also by his side during the investigation. It is the only thing that interests john, however, of him. The possibility of living dangerously given to him by the cases Sherlock agrees to solve.
<< Are you being bullied? Lord, I understood that something was wrong, but I didn't think that... >> says Greg, passing his hand through his hair. At that gesture of nervousness, the daughter hides her face even more behind the blanket of hair, making herself small.
"Oh, Sherlock, would that be so reprehensible?" Moriarty asked him, with that perennial laugh in his voice. "The best are crazy
<< Oh God >> she whispers, bringing both hands to his mouth. << I came out indirectly thanks to your work, Dad >> she says, placing her hand on her father's knee.
<< As I said, it was a heavy morning >> John replies, recovering his jacket.
Immediately afterwards, John noticed Sherlock's lips, immobile in his expressionless face, but capable of moving fast at the frenetic rhythm he uses when he illustrates his deductions. A sequence of sentences one after the other, fast, sharp and precise as his thoughts must be. Lips that enchanted John the first time Sherlock curled its into a smile. Not the cynical smile, capable of frightening, nor the ironic or sarcastic one, that would have liked to punch him. A serene, sincere and innocent smile like that of a child. A child capable of seeing and understanding everything except emotions and the human soul, apparently.
<< No, because at this time you'll be there to watch my back >> Sherlock smiles satisfied. << Unless you have an appointment with the woman that was with you at the sauna >> Sherlock adds, waving his hand in a theatrical way.
<< Don't you think you're exaggerating? >>.
<< There is nothing in here! >> Hataway exclaims, peeping behind him.
<< Morgan is with William. He will protect him >> John says, although he is worried about their little dog.
<< You were cutting wood. That's why you didn't hear me right away >> he says, abandoning himself in that huge hand full of calluses, but so comfortable. Mary is amazed, as she was amazed the day before when she witnessed her deductions for the first time.
<< A few days after Silver's death, mom proposed me to play a game >>.
<< You did what? >>.
<< Two men who exceed in drinking, usually can get to the hands ... but this does not seem your case to me >>.
will study the video and in the evening will let me know >>.
John thinks, shaking his head in resignation.
Seen from outside, Sherlock must admit it is creepy. He finds nothing of the pleasantness he felt. He sees only one naked body raging on another and this other inciting him to continue.
<< 54 suicide cases of young people aged 13 to 20 of both sexes linked to this site in Spain. Other cases in France and Germany. It's crazy >> John whispers as he begins to see the exaggerated scope of this portal's action.
Sherlock presses his hands hard on his ears. He doesn't want to hear these words. This terrible truth. He cannot think of being anything other than a victim of what has happened. He wants to blame John and keep the reasons to himself.
The door opens and John enters the room, out of breath and worried.
<< Greg is my friend, Sherlock, and his daughter got into a big bad trouble >> growls, clenching his fists. Anger begins to boil in John's contracted belly.
The warmth of his hand is so pleasant. Sherlock feels his own hands, always cold, warming up pleasantly. After all, an opportunity is offered to everyone. Greg had offered it to him, helping him to get out of cocaine addiction and to structure his method. He wants to try to offer it to Mary who almost killed him. Sherlock can therefore offer it to John too, although he has wounded him. John that he did everything he could to save him and that he did it once again.
<< Don't tell me that it disgusts you >>.
Chapter 6
<< Oh, fuck >> shakes the head Greg. << But for you it was just an adventure. The next day you told him and he got pissed. I can imagine the scene that made you >>.
The year before William and his family had to leave for a long time and had left the house to the servants and Silver to a dogsitter. Mr Ford had many interviews before choosing Sharon, who was, despite her eccentric appearance, the only one without too many pretensions. To teach her the dog's habits, William spent a whole day with this woman that seems the double of  Harley Quinn. He didn't like her black humor and her shrill voice. After an initial suspicion, Silver  accepted her as temporary nanny and William had also tried to convince himself that he could be fine with her.
<< You can't always be near me >>.
<< What do you think happened here, Sherlock? >>.
<< It is better that I reminde this  >> says George, giving a sincere smile to the major of the Holmes. John has the strange feeling of having just witnessed an unlikely flirtation.
<< It didn't have to end like this! >>.
<< What was different? >> asks John, who is struggling to withstand the tension generated by having just mentioned the name of Moriarty.
<< I will need to analyze all the notebooks of the girl and her pc, if we want to find the meaning of the drawing >> Sherlock tells Lestrade as they leave the room to make room for the coroner.
<< Sherlock ignores my texts >> replies Greg, nervous. << I have a crazy case on my hands and it is four days, John, four days that I send him texts and I call him, but that fucking phone is always off and he does not deign to answer me >> Greg growls, striding along the entrance. <<Do you know where he is? >>.
<< The chief commissioner wanted me here, Anderson. If you want to feed the wrath of Lestrade, go ahead >> Sherlock replies by opening the door of Margaret Ford's studio.
<< You're better off with your natural hair color, you know?>> John says, pulling a tuft away from Sherlock’s eyes.
<< Yes it is. I wonder why this happens everywhere! I don't think there are attitudes among us that would induce the other to think that we are ... >>.
"This is what we are" he thinks enraptured by the rapid movement of the larvae. “Minds trapped in a means of transport, destined to become food for necrophagous insects. What's the point of all this? " he asks himself, getting up.
<< Do you really want me to stop? >> John asks him, with a tension in his voice equal only to that which he feels in the pants of both.
<< I completely forgot about her, Sherlock. I can't even remember her name >>.
Everything is silent for a long moment. It seems that his words silenced the Napoleon of crime.
Sherlock, however, does not react. He stares at the wide open gate that leads onto the path. The screams have stopped coming to his ear for some time now.
<< Lestrade is coming! >> Sherlock exclaims, getting up immediately. << He has an interesting case. At least an eight, isn't it, Morgan? >>. The dog barks, jumping from one side to the other, happy to see Sherlock wearing the dressing gown.
<< And ... >> Greg urges him.
<< Hospital food >> he says disgusted.
He stops and his gaze rests on the empty chair on the other side of the bed.
<< We'll pleasant to acept it, madam >> says John.
<< It is terrible! >> Sherlock says, clinging to that hand, not at all intent on detaching from it.
<< Yes, I fear it. I believe, however, that, by now, I don't care much about living anymore >>.
<< They didn't convince him, Greg: they carried him to us and I was an idiot in not insisting that they stop >>.
<< Sorry, Billy, but we will have to ask for the help of the English Government >>.
Sherlock obteined a confirmation thanks to another body, lying on the floor next to the majestic black marble fireplace. He stops a few steps from the corpse and watches her attentively. A beautiful black-haired woman, who had to be styled so that the curls fell on her pale shoulders. The hairs are now broken up, messy, stained with blood. The face has been hit several times. Scratched. Bite with ferocity. Torn clothes.
<< Ok, John, follow me. And anyway my name is Greg! >> underlines the detective, going to the front door followed by the commissioner and the doctor. Sherlock grabs John's arm.
<< Not really >> he admits. << I know few folk songs. I know classic pieces and then I improvise according to the mood and thoughts I have >>.
<< Another girl. Daisy Cooper. Eighteen years old. On the opposite side of London. Totally different social background >>.
Someone knocks waiting diligently for permission to enter. The door opens slowly and a boy peeks into the room.
<< Unfortunately no >>, Sherlock admits, seeing her smile cloud over, << but if you sing it I'll be behind you >>.
<< Oh thank you! >> exclaims Mary making the sign of the cross. She bring her hands to her face and large, slow tears begin to drop. << The blanket saved him. It was her, wasn't it? >> she asks hopefully.
<< That damned pit. Mr Holmes speculated that it may have been the work of one of my former attendants, the old Stilton. I sent him away because he had opposed with all his might at the beginning of the works, saying that the area where we wanted to build the new branch of the Club was friable and everything would collapse. The architect disagreed and neither did the geologist that I contacted. When the pit was discover, Hataway also went to knock on Stilton's door to find out if he had to do with those corpses. The man denied it and the inspector was agree with him. "Stilton's a little screwed up, but he isnt a killer, Hugh," he said to me. Mr. Holmes, however, took the matter seriously and therefore decided to investigate undercover. Or, at least, so he told me >>.
<< Tell your dog to stop! >> thunders altered the man.
The master feels cornered. One of his assistants led out by two agents and he nervously passes his hand through his thick black hair.
<< A dog makes family. You and I makes mess. Or rather, you make mess and confusion and I try to keep everything up >>.
<< Why? >> he asks, amazed by this characteristic that unites them. Although he, in truth, sleeps little not never.
<< Yes >> Greg nods and runs his hand over his bristler beard than usual. << I brought you the photos taken in her house and I have already told the SC to send here the PC and all the notebooks and books in the girl's room. Did you find anything in the material that was brought to you yesterday? >>.
<< Are you telling me that ... that I have to be the one investigating? >>.
<< I could act undisturbed against him, at least >>.
<< Can't you take me to Hataway? We will tell him that you found me while I was wandering the street. I won't get you in trouble >> Sherlock says, putting his joint hands under his chin. Mary seems to think it over for a few moments. Then she shakes her head, vigorously.
<< Can I come with you? >> George asks him.
<< She is not stupid >> Sherlock whispers, finally speaking. Moriarty approaches him curiously. << Mary is not stupid >> Sherlock repeats, looking him in the face. << She had a terrible family of killers, but, because she having eliminated them, people will say that she is the mad and bloody murderer. Nobody will stop to think that she has suffered the worst abuses every day, every night. That, if she created different personalities, she did it only to try to survive. People will see her for what she appears: a gigantic, disturbing woman. The disarming tenderness in her will not make the news. The crystalline voice with which she sings is not interesting, as is her laughter. Better to underline the monster, to describe all the most macabre details of her murders. Her  family humiliated her, segregated her, enslaved her and raped her, but this will not make the news! >> Sherlock ends with clenched teeth.
<< How the fuck does it! >> exclaims one of the technicians, who must have slammed his heads against it for a long time.
"Sure. What else have you accepted out of courtesy? " but this is better keep it to himself. Remember: do not loosing the beneficial effects of the shower!
<< Madam, we  thought, if you agree, to leave our Morgan to William >> says John.
Mary remains motionless, her gaze lost in front of her for a whole minute. A minute during which she seems to not even breathe and the consultant's stomach closes in a grip of fear in front of those empty and dazed eyes.
John has learned about the ways of doing of this other Holmes, capable of deducing everything as much as his brother, but with the habit of being less direct and more feignedly courteous. John knows that this is not a question, but a kindly disguised statement.
<< What do you want me to do, then? That we climb up there or that I send someone of mine for an inspection? >> replied the exasperated man. << If Mary really had buried a corpse in fear, she could have done it anywhere. She have a lot of ground available, you know? >>.
<< Thank you >> John replies, taking the cup from his hands. It is pleasantly warm at the right point. John brings it to his lips and takes a sip finding it really delicious.
<< Are you ... Greg's son? >> John asks in amazement. George nods, blushing and the similarities John has noticed and set aside, come back to show him how the young man is the rejuvenated and miniature copy of his detective friend. << Jesus. I knew he had children, but I didn't think they were so big >> he adds, shaking his head in disbelief and the boy runs his hand through his hair in the same gesture of nervousness as his father.
<< Yes, boss. She has not been seen since the storm stopped breaking ... >>.
<< Sure! Come on Captain Morgan >> he shouts loudly and the puppy happily follows him up the stairs.
<< You're just wasting time, I'm not tickled >> he says, trying to stop his hands. With very little conviction, actually.
<< You are finally awake >> Mycroft says and his lips stretch out to draw a smile. It is strange. If Mycroft smiles at him, it means that he saw him really bad.
<< I ... I liked the idea of having you with me in a situation that did not involve investigations and murders. To be together like two friends in a pub over a beer. Every time I tried to get you involved in one of the usual outings with Greg there was no way to convince you. I saw that Bryan was exaggerating, but I couldn't stop him. It bothered me to see how him was on you and in the end I dragged you away because I had enough. I realized too late that I had made a terrible mistake. I haven't protected you, I realize it, and I have no excuses. Even for having… for not stopping while knowing you are drunk I have no excuse >>.
<< I recognize that look, doctor. I know I should do my own business, but I'm old enough to give a damn and you is still young to be able to save yourself. Anger. This is what kills us, by making us burn. Let it go. There is no use keeping it here >> he says, pointing the gnarled finger towards John's belly. << Try to look at what this covers. Because we men cover everything with anger. Often a deep sadness or a great fear. Sometimes even a great love >> the old man says and John's stomach contracts. << Sorry if I allowed myself, but I see a lot of me in you and if I can do little for me, by now, well ... maybe I'll be less of a useless old man if I can do something for you >>.
<< Ok, ok, take him with you >> says Greg, massaging his temples. << I'll wait for you in Cardiff at this address >> he says, giving them a ticket. << Don't wast your time please! Have mercy on me >> Greg adds going out.
<< Sorry, I didn't want to disturb you, but I saw you read about the Aufguss and I can only praise it >> the woman says, leaning towards him. << I am Clarissa >>.
<< I ... how do you know? >> she asks scared.
The conversation with Fox leaves a bad taste in Sherlock’s mouth. He and John shouldn't have split up. Now that Fox and Juan have confirmed that there's a sexually  assault behind the victim's death, the theatrical behavior of Sherlock look like even more stupid and useless than it already was It seemed.
<< Jesus, how can you be like this ... >>.
John entered Sherlock's room a few times and each of them approached the door opening it slowly, afraid of breaking some kind of balance or discovering inappropriate secrets. What he sees, now, is the perfectly redone bed and everything in its place.
<< You are a very, very bad child, Billy >> says Sharon, getting up with difficulty. William observes that bloody face, with cheeks torn and eyes red and desperate shouts all his terror.
<< If you say so >> mutters Sherlock, who escapes a grimace of pain.
John moves quickly across the street. He slows down his pace, stops in a corner, that he hopes will be repaired him at the detective's insightful sight and looks at him. From that different and closer perspective, John realizes that Sherlock is talking animatedly to a man. Black hair, black clothes, studded boots, he has all the air of being a punk, or a dark or whatever else this movement has become in the modern era. The man passes him a cigarette and Sherlock takes a shot before returning it to him. John isn't exactly sure what they are smoking is simple tobacco. He doesn't like that Sherlock use drugs at all during an investigation, especially this investigation.
<< Try it, please >> John says to him, wearing his jacket. << I will warn you as soon as possible >>. He go to the door and before going out turn to look at him one last time. Sherlock's face has taken on a bit of color, which is heartening. The red skin on Sherlock's abdomen, however, makes him nervous.
<< Which I would have sincerely spared >> Sherlock says, taking another sip of the.
<< When they were thrown here they were naked >>.
<< Greg, I can't stay here while Sherlock might need my help >> he sighs, taking his head in his hands. << The last thing that we known about him is that communication received on Thursday by the police command, where he warned them that he would go to them. But, from what your colleague told us, they never heard from him again >>.
<< Sure, sure. So now, with this little thing, more jokes will come >> John says and the little thing turns his gaze on him, feeling called into question.
<< Why not? >> the lady asks him, banging her eyelashes in amazement. In fact, Mrs.Hudson is the only one who considers Sherlock a normal human being, perhaps just a little eccentric.
Sherlock grabs John by the hand, leading him to his room. John, completely at the mercy of him, lets himself be dragged like a rag doll into the hand of an enthusiastic child.
John squints hard and then slowly relaxes his face. He recalls the exact moment when his eyes landed on Mary Abbott.
"Good idea, my friend," John intervenes. “Ask her for forgiveness".
<< Mr. Holmes ... >>.
<< Sherlock, I fear that the situation is rather delicate >> John whispers worriedly, going to meet him. << This woman is completely out of her mind >> John says, passing him a package of typed sheets. << Her story about the kidnapping. It is not a Crime or or thriller story. It is pure splatter and I hope hasn't yet realized her plan >>.
<< I did absolutely nothing like this >> retorts Sherlock angrily.
<< Yes, people have already told me >>
They climb the stairs and reach the little room where they find William immersed almost completely in the large camping backpack and Morgan looking at him curiously, his hairy head tilted to one side. As soon as Morgan sees Sherlock and John he runs towards them, placing his front paws on their legs and licking their hands. They both kneel before him.
<< Just a dizziness >> Sherlock replies, sketching a smile.
<< You have your extraordinary deduction, my love >> John sighs, rolling his eyes. << Let's go or Greg will not forgive us >> John adds, standing up. Morgan bark and goes to the door. He sits, waiting patiently that his humans be ready to start this new game.
,” sighs Molly.  “For them, I mean.  It’s...perfect.”
“Divine patience is finite,” everyone reads laboriously. “Sherlock Loves You. You Love Him. Admit it, Get Married & Stop Wasting the Rev’s Time--He’s Got a Christening at 4pm.”
“John.”
There is a screech, like the needle of an old-fashioned record-player being forcibly removed from an LP. Then absolute silence, save for John’s laboured breathing. John remains shocked, even as the image of leather-corseted,  suspender-belted Sherlock recedes, hips swaying enticingly, and blowing him a flirty kiss. John lifts a couple of fingers away from Mary’s grasp, as if to wave goodbye, then reacts as she scratches them back into her vice-like grip.
There’s a dreadful television show on Channel 5 -- Sherlock does not know what it’s called but there’s hair pulling and name calling -- that features people with few brains and even less class.  More than half the time the women claiming ignorance of the identity of their baby’s daddy know exactly who he is, but, he suspects, are willing to feign ignorance for five minutes of fame: sometimes they really are clueless as to what man’s DNA has contributed to her reproduction.  Sherlock likes these cases.  He can always deduce the father.
John takes stock of the ruin of his wedding before marching directly out via the side entrance and into the gardens beyond.
Mary says nothing.
Tonight, Angelo has pulled out all the stops for the reception, closing to the public and bringing out course after course of the finest he can offer.  Sherlock actually eats.  He drinks several glasses of an excellent Barolo 2005 from Angelo’s personal cellar.  He deduces that everyone in the place is delighted for them, and while he has never before cared what other people think of him, he’s pleased that his relationship with John is met with acceptance and support.  Makes it easier for John, at least.
John walks to the altar, just as Mary did, only half an hour before. Sherlock is waiting, just as he was, head bowed, as if in prayer.
As the wedding grew closer, Sherlock struggled to pen the best man’s speech, realising he was writing a confession.  If he couldn’t have John, he would do everything in his power to make the man happy.  Sherlock owed it to John.  He would make a vow, the only vow he thought he would ever make. One to John, and, subsequently, the woman he had chosen to marry.  He would do his best to finally tell John how important he was, how elemental, how necessary to living.
! With her hip! Well, I don’t mean with her hip, I mean with her pelvis...you know what I mean. But...bloody hell. They did.
Horrified, even. “That was a pelvic thrust, Mary. Mrs Hudson just did a
Sherlock had decided the first 42 guests were horribly boring specimens of homo sapiens until he met David.  Ah, David, frequent commenter on Mary’s Facebook page.  Sender of random texts.  Shoulder to cry on.  Slight upward tilt of his eyebrows whenever Mary’s name was mentioned but a downward cast to his eyes at John’s name.  Nervous.  Ex-boyfriend then.  Still had feelings for Mary.  Utterly spineless.
“Jilted by your best man?” smiles the vicar, in a voice that should rumble like thunder, but in fact is camper than Christmas.  “Don’t worry, loves. I’ve got spares. When he finally gets here, you can swap them for the real ones. OK?”
“I object,” says Sherlock, a bit louder.  The audience is absolutely silent.
The music swells as the sun comes up. We see a montage of classic John and Sherlock moments: John seeing 221B’s kitchen for the first time; John shooting the cabbie; John and Sherlock laughing in a cab; John at Baskerville; John and Sherlock in handcuffs; John at Sherlock’s grave; John punching Sherlock in the restaurant; John forgiving Sherlock over the tube train bomb; the stag night .
Mary starts to lie, but knows the letters will spell out the truth if she doesn’t.
Sherlock dismissed David with a diabolical smile.  “Ask Mrs. Hudson about Henry on your way out!” he had shouted after him.
“Our wedding?” supplies Sherlock.  “Yes.  So this had better be good.”
John continues. “For the first two years I’ve made your tea/watched your back, cleaned the fridge. Then you died and a bit of me did too/After nearly five years, it’s still hard to admit...but…”   John says the next three words so quietly, Sherlock isn’t sure he’s heard correctly.  “I love you…”
SCENE TWO: Int. 3.15pm. The church.
The bride is the same height as the man whose hands she’s clasping forcefully, little pink nails digging in firmly, like the claws of a garden mole.  Her milk-white lace dress is beautiful, her blonde hair scraped back ruthlessly, then styled with rosebuds, one of which has been dislodged. It doesn’t really soften the look anyway: there is still something scary about her. Something of the night.  She is determined, driven.  In the sunlight that seeps through the ancient stained glass window, you could almost say...demented. She is, of course, the formidable Mary Morstan: she always gets what she wants, and today, she wants to be Mrs Watson. She briefly turns her back to John so that Janine can punish the flower back into line.
Amazingly, the rest of the wedding goes off without a hitch.  John repeats the vows he’s written confidently; Sherlock actually blubbers a bit with his own.  Something’s wrong with his eyes, as they seem to keep clouding over with tears.  He blinks them back, then his nose runs.  He’s aware that Lestrade is getting a kick out of it, but Sherlock’s not embarrassed or ashamed.  He’s wept for John before, and he likely will again.   They exchange rings.  Mycroft pronounces them wed.  They kiss (oh, naughty, John!).  Sherlock faces the small audience.  He’s smiling so much his cheeks actually ache.
And so it was that young Sherlock suffered through his mother’s afternoon serenades.  It’s true that some childhood memories bury themselves straight into the Mind Palace’s hard drive, resisting all attempts at deletion.  The best Sherlock has managed is to store the music file full of showtunes - from
“And I really think you should do a pregnancy test.”
John then he turns to Mary, who is still sitting dejectedly on the steps.  “I’m sorry.  I honestly had no idea…” he confesses.
In fact, the audience has disappeared.  The bridesmaids dissolve into the air.  Mary fades into nothingness.
And Sherlock laughs and sniffs and cries and smiles, smiles, smiles.
The wind chooses this time to gust through Queen Mary’s Garden and the roses on the marquee; they tremble, then go still.   If birds still sing, the clouds march on overhead, or children play on the opposite side of the garden, no one notices.  For those gathered, London comes to a complete standstill as Sherlock Holmes struggles to pull himself out of the past and back into his wedding.
Archie cheers and launches straight back into the Wedding March (traditional version). Sherlock produces the proper rings, slips one on the fourth finger of his left hand and the other on John’s, then nods to the vicar.
“Jesus!” says John, startled, who then looks at the vicar in apology. “Sorry.”
“Sounds bloody ugly,” murmurs John.
John laughs nervously and speaks over his shoulder to his friend behind him.  “Not now, Sherlock.”
“It would also be remiss of me to fail to thank you.  Mary, I owe you my deepest gratitude for loving this man when I could not.  For helping him through the grief I caused him.  I know you think you can offer him everything he wants in a woman: humor, kindness, strength, friendship, loyalty.  You are a formidable woman.  I suppose that’s what this all boils down to.  I am decidedly
Our reception was interrupted by a Mr. Broad, of the White Oval Gallery of Contemporary Art in Hoxton Square. He informed us that a valuable and highly controversial work was missing and he was anxious to regain possession in case religious zealots destroyed it.  The case itself took us on a wild chase through most of the evening and into this morning.  At one point we had to pose as mannequins in a shop window.  I thought I did a superior job, although John kept fidgeting and trying to make me laugh.  He was also extremely distracting because he looks very handsome in a suit.
John bursts out laughing. “Only you could delete the Archbishop of Canterbury!”
to ever mention it to John.
“Gentlemen, please!” pleads the curator.
Sherlock shakes his head, takes a deep breath.  The leaves are on the cusp of changing; he can smell it.  “We’re getting married tomorrow,” he says, ignoring the fact he’s stating the obvious.  It still doesn’t seem real, somehow.
, Sherlock thinks.
John opens his mouth, but Sherlock continues.
Sherlock thinks it through.
Sherlock is being hugged by Mrs Hudson and Molly, neither of whom cared much for Mary, mostly because she wasn’t Sherlock.  The remaining guests have their backs turned to the altar, Archie’s attempting a drum’n’bass version of the Wedding March on the organ, and the vicar’s trying to send a live feed to Youtube. Luckily, a higher power--possibly Mycroft, or even the vicar’s big boss Above, has blocked mobile communications for the entire village.
“Not yet. But my mum and dad are.  Do you want to sit with them?”
Sherlock makes a noise.  It’s an unpleasant sort of noise that speaks of the unpleasantness going on his belly.
he tells himself.
Whilst Mycroft and the vicar retrospectively amend the Marriage (Same Sex Couples) Act 2013, to remove the right of churches to opt out of conducting wedding ceremonies, Sherlock turns to John, and whispers, “This is boring. And it’s a family musical. But as soon as this wedding scene is over, I will feel the urge to return to Baker Street...and begin the traditional sex holiday.”
John sometimes refers to his marriage to Mary as his and Sherlock’s “first marriage,” and maintains that this time around, when he is actually exchanging vows with the right person, there is no need for extravagant flower arrangements, sorbet-hued bridesmaids dresses, or murderous photographers.  When Sherlock had suggested formal invitations, John had promptly said bollocks to that idea and insisted they should get married in Regent’s Park Open Air Theatre and that Mycroft perform the ceremony.  They could have drinks and sandwiches with a few close friends and then afterwards bugger off to Sussex for a week and that was that.
The words should not affect him this way, but they do, sending a shiver right down his spine to his testicles.  He cannot think of anything to say, as telling John that he’s beautiful would sound silly.  Eventually he settles on, “Yes.”
Now, the night before what he likes to call “the real wedding,” he’s unpacked that box.  It’s time to delete those imaginings.  They are no longer useful and they remind him of his failure to connect with John intimately before he took a leap off a roof and completely compromised their friendship.  His least selfish act - letting John go, watching him exchange vows with Mary, and promising to keep the two of them safe from harm - still feels like raw, still rankles in the back of his mind, even though John has told him, again and again, to let it go.  They had each caused each other heartbreak and despair, but now they could devote themselves to each other in a way they could not have a few years ago.
“Hey.”
Two sets of icy eyes glare at each other.  “That’s not fair, mother.”
“You can say that again,”  sneers Mary, grabbing John slightly less tightly.
“Like a crime?”
“Hang on in there,” he murmurs, his eyes kind.  “We’ll get you sorted.  It’s all right.”
.) A centipede caught in the garden and strategically placed up the trouser leg of one stressed-out older brother earned him a thrashing from Mycroft and a week without sweets from Mummy, but the sound that came from Mycroft’s mouth - a shrill, feminine thing - had made the prank totally worth it.
“Reckoned you’d be here.”  They sit in companionable silence for awhile.   Sherlock takes John’s hand.  The breeze heralds autumn.
Sherlock persists. “Say it again, John. Do you love me?”
Inside the chapel, a man and a woman stand at the altar, their hands clasped.  The man is smiling.  He is wearing a smart grey suit with tails.  Somehow, he looks more radiant than the bride, but that may be a trick of the lighting.  He is John Watson. The woman is just as short as the man whose hands she’s clasping.  Her lace dress is beautiful, her blonde hair artistically styled with flowers.  A smile plays on her lips, coquettish thing.  She is Mary Morstan.  The chapel is not entirely full of guests, but there are a number of people gathered to see this couple wed.  It is a joyful occasion for everyone.
Mary, who has been staring at the floor, looks up at John with tears in her big blue eyes.  Sherlock deduces like mad.  What’s off?  What’s off?  Yes, she has secrets.  Big secrets.  But a pregnancy, and an affair?  How could he have missed it?
“What?  I’m actually hungry.”  The corners of Sherlock’s mouth curve down the way they do when he smiles sideways at John, the smile that’s only for him.
He’s appalled at himself. Where did this fantasy come from--and why was it so amazingly detailed? It’s so, so wrong. He’s (a) straight; and (b) about to get married to the woman he loves, for goodness sake!
Classic images of Sherlock and John appear above the altar: John handing Sherlock his phone the very first time they met (the congregation says “aah”); John snatching cigarettes away from Sherlock (they cheer); John confronting Moriarty at the pool (a chorus of “boo”); John staring up at Sherlock on the roof just before he jumps (a few sobs); John at Sherlock’s grave, trying to be brave (everyone cries).
David is struggling out of the pew and heading toward the altar.  “You can’t marry him,” he pleads.  “Please, Mary.  Just let me speak.”
John raises his eyebrows and nods.  He looks rather goofy, actually, silly smile on his face, cheeks flushed with mirth and wine.  “Yeah.  OK, then.  Together.”  John  links their arms together and Sherlock has never felt more complete.
Mary is not in shock. She is incandescent with rage. “John!” she yells, “For goodness sake! What does he mean, it should have been him? Are you going to stand there and let this...this...socially retarded drama queen ruin my wedding? He should have done us all a favour and bloody well stayed dead properly when he killed himself!”
The night before John marries Mary, Sherlock sits in Regent’s park, smoking cigarettes and brooding.
Sherlock’s eyes widen.  So do John’s.  So do everyone’s in the audience.  Mary turns white, then blushes furiously.
If Angelo Peretti had not placed a candle on the table all those years ago, Sherlock may never seen the potential of John as a romantic partner.   John still swears that he had no ulterior motives when he asked Sherlock if the detective was attached to someone, that he just wanted to know, but Sherlock still recalls his deductions: ability to form deep, emotional relationships with men, repressed bisexuality, lost confidence, loyal, moderately clever, and desperately lonely.
, the village just too perfect, and those clouds a little too fluffy? On closer inspection, they could all be...fake. Like you might find on a film set, perhaps. Or painted into scenery at the theatre.
“Seriously, Sherlock.  What kind of a man brings a gun to his own wedding?”  Has his gun?  Of course he does.
“Is church always this much fun?” asks Mr Chatterjee, whose previous exposures to Christianity were limited to a rather dull Sunday service and an even duller funeral.
The venom in John’s voice is nearly enough to derail him, but Sherlock presses on.  So far, he’s ignored the audience, purposefully speaking to the air in front of him, the stones on the floor, the great empty space above the pulpit.  Now, he takes a shaky breath and looks out, seeing the faces of his “friends” -- Molly, who is covering her mouth with her hand.  Lestrade, who is leaning forward, eyebrows drawn together, concerned.  Mrs. Hudson, worrying the lipstick off her lower lip with her teeth, her eyes hopeful.
John goes about trying to get his hands down his bride’s bodice without offending anyone. It’s great comedy. Sherlock is trying very hard not to smile, but to be honest, no one’s noticing him at the moment.
“Yes.  Very good.”
Sherlock smirks as John enters the next stage of RA: the nose pinch, which he holds only briefly before flexing his hand.  “Mary,” he says, quietly, “I think you’d better say something.  Right now.  Because this man is making implications that I really, really don’t like.”
“I am but a rude and recalcitrant prick who has very few redeeming qualities aside from a high-functioning brain that occasionally saves the rest of the world from the incompetence of the justice system in order to counter the oppressive ennui of existence.  Yet, despite my many, many faults, you’ve chosen me as your best man.  I have tried to fulfil my obligations in regards to your nuptials, but I realise now that I should have taken up the position on the day I met you. For you, John, have always been
“Oh God.  Oh Jesus.”
Next to Sherlock Holmes is Archie, aged 8, who looks about as interested in the proceedings as Sherlock does.
They meet Mycroft, whose familiar minions are finalising preparations.  They are clearly enjoying themselves, too; one woman is securing a flower attachment over the arch of the marquee.  It looks nice.  Sherlock had reminded Mycroft that John insisted on keeping it simple.  And it is simple, but Mycroft’s version of simple is always elegant.
