The reason “Carry On” is darker—and the reason it is so vigorously defended by a certain part of the fandom—has to do with its enforced empirical closure. Because Dean and Sam are dead, they never get to grow or change or experience new things ever again. They’re trapped in a superficially appealing Heaven that is curiously desolate and from which almost every person of meaning to them is absent. The brothers, contained in this hermetically sealed epistemic and empirical bubble, are under no danger of defying the Dabb narrative and exercising anything resembling free will going forward. This is a marked departure from “Swan Song,” where the characters’ future and choices are still a question.
Castiel shook for a while longer before he composed himself. He went quiet, nuzzled Dean’s collarbone, squeezed the rise of his hip. When he spoke, it was in the low growl that Dean had been waiting for.
“Jack-Jack, I’m not inviting him here for me. I asked him over so that you’ll have someone closer to your own age to hang out with. Someone to talk to other than me.”
to a base, simplistic metanarrative that never actually existed—a kind of reverse alchemy. The second punch is Dean and Sam meeting again, dead: an assurance to a certain type of viewer that the brothers will remain frozen for all time, never growing or changing or experiencing anything new. That the free will and humanity that the Winchesters spent a decade and a half fighting for will be forever denied to them in Jack’s dystopian Heaven where Dean doesn’t even get to see his best friend. That, even if Dean does get to see said best friend—say, in the 40 or so apparent years while Sam’s montaging—the cameras won’t be around to capture what Dean’s answer is to said best friend’s confession of love. It might be a little too gay, after all.
“Yeah. Now that the tourist season’s starting, orders are really starting to pick up.” Garth clacked at his keyboard. “Oh, Charlie said to tell you she’s made hires for the grocery clerk and checker positions, so you’ll be on personal shopping full-time once they get onboarded.”
“It’s fine.” Castiel put his hands on his hips and grinned. “How about you let me choose what we watch tonight, and we’ll call it even?”
“Thank you.” Castiel rounded the coffee table and wrapped his arms around Dean’s waist. “This is incredible. You really didn’t have to do anything, but this makes me very happy.”
“‘Love gives naught but itself and takes naught but from itself. Love possesses not nor would it be possessed; for love is sufficient unto love.’ I really believe that. And I think the world would be a better place if more people did.”
The array of unobserved events encompasses things as significant as death and rebirth, and also things as mundane as the fact that Dean and Castiel watch movies together without the viewer being allowed to observe them doing so. All the points on this spectrum are relevant for canon compliant fix-its.
“This house is magnificent,” Castiel said. “You can feel the history. Look at that fanlight above the front entryway.”
Darkness falls, and Benny finishes his stake. He stabs it into the ground, close by in case they need it. Sparse, lazy snow is falling, hardly enough to notice. There’s a warm shimmer between Dean’s heart and Castiel’s splayed hand, and it evaporates the snowflakes the instant they hit the light.
“Nah, I’m technically on vacation all this week. I had to take it, since it’s been piling up for almost a year now.” Sam’s spoon clinked against the walls of his coffee mug. “Oh, you mean the work I brought along. I just figured I’d get a head start on a few things coming down the pike.”
“Doesn’t mean anything’s changed. Where’s Jack, huh? Shiny new God? Where’s Cass’s son when we need him?”
“It’s my sister’s vacation home. A few miles east of town, Heaven Ranch Road? Um…if you give me your number, I can text you the address.”
“You need to be careful. I have some sunscreen in my suitcase. I’ll stick it in your truck while you’re in the shower.” Castiel thrust out his hand. “Give me your keys.”
“Okay. Thanks for that.” Dean beams at the waitress when she delivers his milkshake—whipped cream, a cherry on top, and a long silver spoon to go with it. “But that doesn’t explain why we’re here. You could’ve just left me in the alley once you knew I was alright.”
“Um.” Castiel looked around. “I’m not sure how we’ll accomplish that. As far as I know, there isn’t a door out of here.”
Dean’s first instinct was to delete Sam’s misadventures from his phone’s memory and take a normal overhead picture of his linguine, with its pillowy peaks of pink radishes and strands of emerald green tops. But there was a disarming charm, a glimmering spontaneity, to the candid shot Sam had taken of him in defiance of his protests. Thanks to his frantic search for the radishes in the April drizzle, his hair was just messy enough to be jaunty, and his skewed smile, caught in a moment of brotherly repartee, set all of his face’s features at just the right angles. Most important of all, the perspective of the shot—the dish front and center, Dean with his arms outstretched in halfhearted dismay behind—drew the viewer’s eye to the food.
“Yeah, okay. I’d like that. Oh, and that’s Crowley’s litterbox. Careful for it when you come around the corner.”
“Just making sure,” he said, opening the front door. “You’re not the only one who gets to worry, you know.”
“I…should advise you, however. As I said earlier, the research must be done. If you decide not to participate, we’ll have to recruit another candidate.”
“More on top, yeah. And the last step—” Dean raised the platter of flowers. “Guess I’ll do the honors?”
“Thank you, Dean. And it’s not like we have to figure this out now. We still have the better part of a year.”
Castiel glanced at the ship again. The captain and mate were watching them now, and Castiel waved to them gingerly.
Once he finished washing up, Dean tore through the living room, stopping for a tumbler in the kitchen before approaching the bar cart. He unstoppered the whiskey, nearly filled his glass, and drank. He sat down at the dining table and stared through the French doors at the early twilight. Crowley rubbed against one of his legs. Dean ignored him.
“Yes, Sam, downtown Winchester. We do have nice restaurants outside the Beltway, you know. This isn’t a complete hick town.”
“Michael,” one of the rod-straight brothers said. He grabbed Dean’s hand before Dean could extend it and pumped vigorously. “This is my wife, Hannah.”
“Does that even work?” Dean picked up one of the serving spoons and gestured for Castiel’s plate. “Besides, I can’t see them, so….”
“Yeah.” Dean caressed Castiel’s back underneath his T-shirt. “I feel a little pressure, though. To make things good. After what I did the first time we—”
Dean watched as Castiel sat down on the couch again and picked up his veggie burger. After a beat, he lay his cheeseburger and beer down on the coffee table and turned to Castiel.
“Well, I’d veto that one anyway,” Dean said. “My resolution is to make sure you go to bed with a happy stomach every night, and I don’t think I can do that if you go vegan.”
“No, I was just going to say, sometimes you have to go with your gut too. On big decisions like this, I mean.”
Castiel pushed him up the stairs, saying a refreshing shower would cool him down. When Dean returned twenty minutes later, Castiel had the camera set up at the corner of the island. He read through the manual while Dean gathered and prepared the ingredients for tofu yakisoba: onions, garlic, carrots, and cabbage, all thinly sliced; the ingredients for the sauce in little dishes; and then the breaded tofu.
The pause was longer this time. Castiel turned to Dean’s place on the floor, where he had rolled onto his side, facing away from Castiel.
“You don’t have to get a vegan pizza,” Castiel said, trying not to laugh. “They have normal pizzas too.”
“For heaven’s sake,” Rowena groaned. “Talk about your lucky day. You already got engaged to the youngest and cutest of the Shurley brothers, how much more do you need?”
“Now, we just add the pasta to this large bowl, add the cheese paste on top of it, a little bit of pasta cooking water—start small, you can add more if you need it—and stir.” Dean started whipping the pasta with his largest serving fork. “Really stir. Stir like there’s a starving graduate student staring at you, licking his lips.”
Before either of them could reply, the portal swallowed them up. They crashed into Dean’s bed back in the bunker, the springs squeaking in protest, and the hole in the ceiling shrank into nothingness. After a moment, Dean let out a whoop of jubilation.
“Of course.” Castiel washed down his bite with a sip of orange juice. “Oh, I made our reservation for Friday.”
“Hey, I never said I was there just to hook up.” Dean’s lip twitched. “Okay, full disclosure…that was generally part of the bargain.”
At sundown, they reach a cave they’ve cleared out before. It’s still clear, and Dean settles down inside with a satisfied groan. He seems like he’s in a good mood. Benny decides to poke a little fun.
“Look, I don’t need you trashing my dad. You didn’t even know him. He wasn’t perfect, but things could’ve turned out a hell of a lot worse for me and Sam. And he didn’t have an easy life himself.”
“Really. Before that, I never thought about my sexuality all that often. I had so much other stuff going on—trying to be valedictorian, doing track and clubs and student government, volunteering, being a gofer at my brother’s law office—” Castiel shrugged and sipped his wine. “It just wasn’t front of mind.”
He felt Castiel’s fingernails dig into his wrist, the spasming of his hips. His cock throbbed between Dean’s lips, spilled over the base of his tongue, spurted into the back of his throat. Dean sucked it all down, holding his breath so he wouldn’t waste a drop of Castiel’s come. He wanted it all.
He trailed off, his breath hot against Castiel’s neck. A few seconds passed before Castiel kissed him again. He said goodnight, and Dean mumbled it back into his skin. Castiel hoped Dean knew that he didn’t have to say anything more.
“Ah,” Castiel said. He drew out the vowel. “Right, that makes sense. You own a large farm. Or your family did, at the time.”
“It just felt so nice in the moment. Being that close to you. It felt magical.” Castiel twitched his hands together above the book. “Maybe it was the wine and whiskey, maybe—anyway, I got caught up in the moment and forgot who you and I are. That we can never….”
Dean was beginning to feel like a voyeur, so he cleared his throat softly. Castiel dropped his feet to the ground and looked over his shoulder.
“Got it.” Castiel’s circuit had brought him to the arm of the couch, and he tilted his head at Dean. “Are you tired, Dean? We can do the rest later.”
“I’ve had enough water for the moment, thank you. Come to think of it, I’m getting kind of hungry. I’d normally be having breakfast right now.”
“You know I don’t filter myself with you.” Castiel swiped a mote of frosting from Dean’s lip with his fingertip. “Rafe keeps looking over at us.”
“Great! I’m just making sure, because we’ll want to figure out your costume today. I’m teaching tomorrow and then running some errands, so we’ll only have a couple hours to get ready once I get home.”
“My sex appeal officially crosses the species barrier. I think I’m the hottest piece of ass in the galaxy.”
“I wish your mom could see you. See how tall you’re getting. I swear you look taller every morning.”
“Oh. Let’s see. The radish greens are done, so I’ve taken the pan off the heat. The radishes—” Dean opened the oven and checked them with a fork. “They’re finished, but they have to cool for a few minutes before I can handle them. Which is good, because the pasta has at least another five minutes.”
What happened? Well, the show was ending, and the writers needed a surpassing villain for the final season. So, they chucked out (I’m sorry) all of God’s hard-won complexities and turned him into a moustache-twirling genocidal maniac.
“I do try to work out at least a few times a week, even if it doesn’t look like it. And I’m glad I do! It’s how I found you, after all.”
“And we’ll have a lot more practice now that we’re stuck here,” Dean added, smacking his lips. “If you know what I mean.”
“So, long plane rides? Can’t wait.” Dean rubbed Castiel’s abs. “I better jump in the shower. Charlie and Kevin will be here soon.”
Thank you for your your support and patience with my update schedule. It always takes me longer than I think and I want to sit with these chapters until I think I have them just right.
“Sorry, Dean. I just feel self-conscious.” Castiel bit his lip as Dean clasped his hand around their cocks, rubbing them up and down.
Castiel’s penis was far ahead of him. It had already slotted itself in the warm crevice of Dean’s backside, thrumming impatiently. Dark thoughts were flooding Castiel’s mind now. He could take Dean easily; the knight wouldn’t dare reject the advances of his prince, whether he welcomed them or not. Castiel had never mated anyone before, but surely his instincts would guide him—and perhaps Dean would as well, knowing his overweening desire to care for his prince.
“You dumbass.” Dean dropped his metal tongs to the table and pulled Castiel into his arms. “You’re so ridiculous.”
Dean set his phone down against his pillow, unbuckled his belt, and pushed down his jeans. He stepped out of them and tossed them in the general direction of his laundry basket.
“Large meat lover’s and a root beer. I’m getting you the large so you’ll have something to eat while I’m on campus tomorrow.” Castiel reached for his phone. “And the Green Monster for me. That’s the name of the vegan pizza. I hope you don’t find that offensive.”
They spent most of their time trading stories about old friends, travel destinations, embarrassing situations—the sorts of things, Dean clarified to Castiel, that people talked about on a second date. Upon finishing two glasses of wine, he even confessed to finding it sexy when Castiel spoke French.
“Well, I’d assume so. It’s an intimate act. There’s a lot of vulnerability. You relinquish some of your power to the other person. Especially if, um….”
on his tablet while Dean mouthed along to the “Rock Classics” playlist. Castiel was impressed by how many songs he seemed to know, though it only made him curiouser about Dean’s familiarity with human culture as the minutes went by. How did a salamander man know all the lyrics to Queen, AC/DC, The Who, and Led Zeppelin? There hadn’t been a record player in the grotto. Perhaps he’d lived closer to humans at some point and had overheard music playing from a dwelling.
“Eggs,” Castiel echoed. “Could you show me the ducks and chickens sometime? I heard them when we were outside.”
He’d made this same journey five, six, sometimes seven days a week for the last twelve years, yet had never felt the complicated jumble of emotions he was feeling now. There was apprehension and hope; shame and longing; fear and desire. Dean picked up his thermos and scaled the brick steps to the mudroom door, hoping the slow pace would quell his nerves.
“New Zealand is eighteen hours ahead of us. At this time of year, at least.” Castiel turned to him. “Does that make more sense? They’re a day ahead because of the International Date Line.”
“You know what?” Dean said, once they were back in the kitchen and he’d finished chopping the chard. “Let’s do it. Let’s film the recipe.”
“I’ll be at panels most of the day,” he said. “I’ll check my phone, though. Text me if you need anything.”
“We must go up the tower,” Castiel said. He pushed himself vertical, swayed, let the knight steady him. He was good for that, at least.
“I’m not trying to look sexy, Sam. Aprons are practical.” Dean patted his hands dry with the dishcloth on his shoulder. “Why would I give a crap about what some dude finds sexy, anyway?”
When they exited The Barn, the night was clear and the air was cold. The moon shone above the maples and pines, glittering the Impala in silver as they crunched across the gravel. Castiel’s breath billowed out, white and thick. He shuddered. Without thinking twice, Dean reached for his hand.
“My righteous man.” Castiel squeezed Dean’s rear, grabbing handfuls of the thin, stretchy fabric of his underwear. “I’m going to leave my handprints on your cute little ass. Just like I left my mark on your shoulder all those years ago.”
“I was a squire at the royal palace,” Dean explained. “I saw you often. I would never forget the face of my prince.”
“Dean, if I hadn’t been afraid of how you’d react, I would’ve told you a lot sooner. I wanted to trust you…you don’t know how much I wanted to trust you. But I didn’t want to lose you more.” Castiel looked up in panic. “As a friend, I mean.”
Castiel steadied him, held his head above the surface, didn’t let go until Dean was floating of his own accord.
“Oh, right! The hike. I’m looking forward to that.” Kelly followed them to the door. “You can take him to dinner, too, if he wants. I don’t have anything special planned.”
Dean shivered again. He ran his fingers through the wings, feeling the density, the strength, the lightness. Castiel stared into his eyes, unblinking.
Castiel leaned into his arm. After a beat, they continued up the walk. The crickets sang, muted and drowsy, in the moonlit grass.
“I can,” Castiel said, after a long beat. “Hopefully, I’d have learned from my mistakes. Been a better dad to them than I have to Jack.”
Castiel, finally, resumed eating. Dean didn’t trouble him for the rest of the meal. After they cleaned up, Dean refilled their glasses with the last of the ranch water and set them down on the coffee table. He turned on Netflix and, while he waited for Castiel to finish up some loose ends with his work for the day, opened the living room’s French doors to the cool evening air. The dusk was brightest over the ridge to the southwest, and Dean thought about the night with the fireworks a little more than a week ago. It felt like the entire world had changed since then.
“No,” Dean said flatly. He lay the huge bowl of guacamole between the three of them and handed Kevin a bag of tortilla chips. “You know, Cass, I actually had an idea of my own.”
“It’s only a two-hour flight from DC.” Castiel leaned into the kitchen island and stage whispered, “Dean’s not a big fan of planes, though.”
“Try to pace yourself,” Castiel says. His coffee arrives, and he lifts it to his mouth mechanically, not even savoring it.
“Oh.” Dean held out his free hand to test the droplets. “Yeah, seems like it’s starting to move on.”
“Sure, if that’s how you get your freak on.” Dean hesitated, then jerked his thumb over his shoulder. “And, um, this is my room.”
“I think….” Dean bit his lip. “I think we better get up right now. Otherwise, we’ll be standing up two ladies who didn’t do anything to deserve it.”
“Wasn’t my intention.” Castiel chewed his farro. “Wait, is that a yeti on a snowboard? I’m not sure how culturally sensitive that is.”
“What’s—” With Dean’s assistance, Castiel unwound his arms from Dean and rolled onto his back. “What’s happening?”
“Yeah, I got that.” Dean yanked his teapot away from her. “I don’t know what you’re talking about. I don’t treat Cass like that at all.”
“Well, I’m happy I could satisfy you with vegan food, even if I’m not much of a cook.” Castiel maneuvered around the coffee table and met up with Dean again at the center of the living room. “Do you cook much?”
“I’m really fucking full.” Dean dropped his head to Castiel’s shoulder and bit his collarbone. “That big fucking cock. I think you’re banging against something that doesn’t like being banged.”
But when Castiel returned to their room, girding himself for the worst, Dean seemed completely normal. If anything, he was even cheerier and more ebullient than usual. He didn’t complain about Meg—even though he always complained about Meg—and put his arm around Castiel’s back as they walked down to the dining hall, only detaching to get the door for them. There’d even been a whiff of cologne on him all through brunch, which was strange because Dean only wore cologne to weekend parties.
“No, nary a trace.” Dean nodded to the door of the tower. “Carry on with your task until it’s completed. If the dragon does return while we’re here, the interior of the fortress is the safest place.”
“Relaxing’s one word for it.” Dean stroked Castiel’s thigh. “If you feel something poking you, it’s the telescope I keep in my pocket.”
“I actually meant I should get some shut-eye.” He rubbed up against Castiel’s side. “You don’t want me operating farm machinery while I’m sleep deprived, do you?”
Castiel scattered tender kisses over Dean’s good lip, the tip of his nose, his unswollen eyelid. He shifted forward to wrap Dean in his arms.
Dean grinned. There was just enough light at the dark end of the barn for him to see the blue in Castiel’s eyes dance with those words.
Castiel tilted his head on Dean’s chest. “Really? Being back here, I keep thinking about it. There’re moments when it feels awful.”
“Don’t mention it. Oh, here.” Mildred produced a sheet of paper from her purse, held it out to Dean through the window. “Play her some Patsy Cline. She’s got a song for everything.”
“No, you just surprised me.” Dean rubbed up and down Castiel’s rear, feeling the hard, toned muscle through his jeans. “Fuck, your ass is like marble. I mean, your whole body’s ridiculous, but….” Dean broke off. “Cass, hang on.”
Castiel scurried to the bathroom and reached for one of the folded towels on the shelf. He unfolded it as he returned to the living room.
He couldn’t lose sight of his goal. He had to find a way to return to his true form. Dean was all sweet words and obliging devotion now, but he would surely destroy Castiel without compunction if he had any inkling of his true nature. The man was a violent bigot, not an adorable marmot among his tower’s foundation stones.
She held Dean’s gaze until he turned away, back to the highway again. The hot wind wavered one of the flaps of his suit jacket back and forth.
“And—” Dean pulled the baking sheet from the oven. “Yup, we’re golden. So, we toss about three quarters of our herb mixture in with the pilaf. Go ahead, Cass.”
The pain was tremendous. He had to get the bolt out, though. With all the energy he could muster, he ejected the quarrel and the broken-off lance, batting them out over the battlements with his wing in case even their proximity was deleterious. Blood was everywhere, staining the white stripe down his middle and pooling in the dirt below.
Dean gritted his teeth as Castiel pulled out. The hectocotylus swooped between Dean’s spread legs, batting at his erection on the way.
“Mhm.” Castiel gently stroked Dean’s hair. “Dean, now that our Christmas familial responsibilities are complete, I say we stay under the covers tomorrow until noon. I think we deserve to sleep in.”
Dean’s head felt white-hot, incoherent. He didn’t know how to both dispel Castiel’s doubts and clarify his own feelings to him, as incipient and confusing as they were in his own mind. He wasn’t even sure confessing an attraction to Castiel right now would be appropriate, given how distraught he seemed. This wasn’t the moment; Dean knew that much. He squatted down on his haunches so he was at Castiel’s eye level and took his hand.
“I love you too.” Castiel swirls a finger through the trail of Dean’s come and lifts it to his tongue. Dean opens his mouth, and Castiel smears the rest of it between his lips before kissing him.
“Oh, Dean.” Castiel crashed down again and embraced him, both of which had the effect of knocking most of the air out of Dean’s lungs. “It’s perfect. June. Maybe we could even stop over in Hawaii or Tahiti for a few days and get some sun and sand.”
“Here’s the bathroom. It’s pretty spacious. That’s the sink—careful with the hot water, it’s really hot in this house. The medicine cabinet’s behind the mirror.” Castiel brushed away a smudge of dirt on his cheek. “Oh, I look so disheveled. I need to take a shower once the tour’s over.”
“Virginia is for lovers,” Garth said. “One reason my wife and I like it here. Oh, are you—are you two looking for a cake?”
“Yeah.” Dean sliced off a segment of bacon. “I mean, I have some ideas, but I could use a woman’s perspective. He wants—” Dean stopped himself in time. “I
The creature held open the screen door for him while he turned the lock. Castiel abandoned his all but ruined loafers on the welcome mat and tossed his keys into the wicker bowl atop the Hoosier cabinet.
“Anyway, it’s still nice to see you, Castiel,” an unfamiliar voice said. “In spite of the late hour.”
“Not to mention there’s some sort of…nail sticking out of that column.” Castiel motioned to the side of the drive bay. “I think we nearly walked into it when we stumbled through the dark to get here.”
“I’ll send up a prayer that there’ll be enough room in this bed for you, me, and your ego. Just like I do every night.”
Dean woke up to a light spattering of rain on the bedroom windows and the soft creaking of the shutters in the wind. He couldn’t tell, just by the light, what time it was. Everything from sunrise to sunset looked the same on days this dreary.
Dean sighs. It’s 11:30 and he doesn’t feel like taking his angel boyfriend on some guided tour of all his needs and hang-ups and insecurities and vulnerabilities. Who knows how long that could take. He just wants to be held.
“Yeah, gay forums. I posted a few times, seeking advice on coming out. I mostly just read other people’s stories, though.” Castiel directed a mournful look at the pumpkin. “So many sad stories. People losing family, losing jobs, losing friends they’d had for years.”
Castiel was right; Dean’s last hookup had been nine months ago. By that point, he’d been trying to understand and accept his feelings for his best friend for nearly a year. Then, right when Dean was ready to say something, Castiel brought home Leonardo.
Castiel eased himself out of Dean’s ass; his hectocotylus throbbed a few final times just inside Dean’s rim. When he finally pulled himself free, come and slick poured from Dean’s fucked-loose hole, spattering in iridescent puddles on the laboratory floor.
“Oh.” Castiel sighed again. “No, I didn’t see him. When he’s in the middle of writing a new book, he doesn’t want to be interrupted for any reason. I stayed at Gabe’s house down the road; I have the keys to his place. Before that, I was at a hotel in Camden. So I could be closer for Jack’s birthday.”
“There’s water damage all along the far wall,” Castiel continued. “Those black stains? I wouldn’t be surprised if that entire corner caved in on you one day.”
“Sweet, we each get a sink.” Dean pointed to the pyramid of paper-wrapped multicolor soaps between the basins. “Whoa, check that out.”
“My brother’s a vegetarian, too. Two against one now that I’m with Cass. But if you’re there, things would be evened up a little bit.” Dean winked. “Don’t worry, I’ll make us a real bird.”
“You can’t be serious.” Dean wiped the sweat from his forehead. “I feel like I’ve got a cannon stuck up my ass.”
He had no idea how Castiel did it. Sex was awesome, and the guy was pretty hot, so it wasn't like he couldn’t go out and get it. Had he even had sex freshman year?
They walk to the end of the block in silence. A door opens on the stoop behind them; sultry music blares out, and a man in a suit and tie ducks in. They pass another alley where a guy has his hand between a woman’s spread legs.
“Climbing up here was far too much exertion,” Dean was babbling. “I should’ve never—gods, I’m such a fool. My prince! Can you hear me? I hope you can hear me.”
“You’ve clearly never heard my singing.” He took a few hesitant steps in. The window beside the bed was open to the twilight, and one of the shutters swung back and forth gently in the crisp, grassy breeze. “Aren’t you chilly?”
Dean listened for the obligatory laughter from the kitchen, but all he heard was the freezer sliding open. Back in high school, Castiel had texted that to him whenever he was giving Dean a ride home and Dean was taking longer than usual at baseball practice. It was one of their inside jokes.
“Well, Jack is alive and well. And, thanks to him, so am I. And so are you.” He glanced at Dean’s shoulder—the left one, this time. “He’ll be back soon. He’s taking care of some business first.”
Castiel looked horrified. In lieu of responding, he simply shook his head, his cheeks going crimson.
Naomi smiled and turned to the kitchen. “Help yourselves to what’s on the table. If there’s something else you’d like, let me know. Charles wanted an omelette and bacon this morning, so I already have everything out.”
He petted Crowley a few times before meandering his way to the library. He’d noticed that the door was ajar when he passed through the living room, which meant that Castiel was in there.
That was when Castiel stopped and stared at his reflection and thought about how pathetic he was being.
What the hell was he doing? This wasn’t some cheap porno where the big-dicked dad boinked the nanny. Where someone said “I love listening to you” without both people cringing. Castiel had just shared some of the most painful memories of his life, and all Dean could think about was his weird, inappropriate obsession with him.
Dean relaxed into his pillow and watched him stir. He almost never got to wake up with Castiel—a day off here and there; the market days when Castiel came to work with him. This was a rare treat that he wanted to savor.
Castiel wanted to enjoy this moment, this return of his world to its natural order after days of missing Dean. The fact that less than a week of dislocation had unsettled him as much as it had scared him witless. He was gone on Dean, irremediably, and the brutal truth of that made him want to laugh until his lungs gave out and run until he reached the Pacific and retreat into a shivering ball on the floor, all at the same time. Dean was his first love, the one he’d write songs about if he had any talent for that; the one he’d look for in the inexact features and habits of every man who came after; the one who’d inevitably break his heart, because the two of them lived in the real world and not some kind of ridiculous fairy tale.
Castiel buckled his seat belt and started the car. Fortunately, he’d twisted his left ankle, so he was still able to drive normally.
“Yes,” Castiel said, after a moment. “There are more dimensions than even we can catalogue, and we can only manifest in a fraction of them. But we can still see into the others.”
By nine, Castiel had calmed enough to eat a small dinner of penne with broccoli and marinara. He still wasn’t able to focus on his essays, the period drama on Netflix that he was halfway through, or anything else that wasn’t a pair of glowing green eyes. Ever since he’d moved here to start teaching at Hockomock College, he’d felt the eerie but easily dismissed sensation of being watched whenever he was running through the surrounding woods. Now he was wondering if he’d dismissed it too easily.
“You passed out. I think your body—it’s still weakened by your injuries. Perhaps your heart couldn’t take the walk up here.”
“Well, in the Bible, angels can be quite fierce. Soldiers. Particularly in Revelation.” Castiel rubbed the page. “Whether bird or angel, the point here is that being in love hurts sometimes. And it should, because it changes us.”
It was Sunday, the first day after the end of the berry season. All the workers had gone on to parts unknown. There were still a few late-blooming flowers that would keep producing for another month, and Dean had the farmer’s market until the end of September, but the farm had otherwise receded into the calm, solitary tempo it kept for most of the year.
“I think he’s just thinking about it,” Dean said hastily. “He and I, we talk about all sorts of silly ideas for the future. Pretty sure we don’t mean half of them.”
“The hell I don’t.” Dean clenched his jaw. “You’ve lied about other things. Why should I believe you?”
He held his breath and scrolled down to the comments. They were uniformly either positive reactions or questions about substitutions or proportions, and Dean answered the latter tentatively, wondering whether he was providing too little or too much detail.
The thing is, though, change or death wasn’t even the choice available to the writers or the fans at the end of S15. The brothers had already changed and grown, even by the point of “Swan Song.” Some people just didn’t want to recognize it.
They lay next to each other in the darkness, silent for a while. Dean could tell that Castiel wanted to say more, that he was holding back out of respect for the promise he’d made the last time they’d talked about John.
“Still my righteous man,” Castiel mumbled. It was embarrassing that he still felt any affinity for that moniker now, given that it was a reminder of his millions of years as one of Heaven’s mindless drones.
Right at that moment, the entire alley shakes with the loudest thunderclap Dean has ever heard. The guy staggers back, whipping his head around. Dean slumps against the wall and slides, until he’s half-sitting above the gutter. A second passes where the snow almost seems to stop in midair, and then Dean sees him.
“Okay.” Castiel grabbed a glass from the cabinet and filled it from the tap. He frowned at Dean as he drank. “Everything alright? Your face is really red. Have you been drinking enough water?”
"I'm very, very concerned for her," Castiel replied. "There's already a lot of money on the table for her opponent."
“We could.” Castiel bumped Dean’s shoulder. “I just want you to have a break from cooking sometimes.”
“You know your Uncle Gabe’s older than me,” Castiel said testily. “And your Aunt Rowena too, come to think of it. Why wouldn’t you single them out?”
Dean chuckled. “No. Well, maybe I looked at a dude’s arms or butt longer than I needed to sometimes. Compared myself to other guys in the locker room after gym class. But, uh, I was kind of too busy with chicks to pay much attention to that.”
“I’m testing them.” He inverted the bowls over the pilaf, then tossed everything together. “They passed.”
“Well, thank you for your dumb opinion. Maybe if I put it next to my dumb opinion, it’ll add up to one smart one.”
Castiel echoed his laugh. He reached over to squeeze Dean’s shoulder, and Dean’s eyes fluttered shut for just a second.
“Don’t strain yourself.” Castiel looked up from between his shins. “If you can’t hold a toe-touch right away, it’s fine. It’ll get easier over time. Flexibility is all about practice.”
Castiel’s eyes traveled down Dean’s body, stopping at his navel. His tongue darted out for a fraction of a second.
Castiel took a deep breath. He was teetering on the edge of a dangerous precipice, and he wanted nothing more than to fall.
“I understand,” Castiel said, upon taking a moment to consider. “You assume that I’ve brought you here for my own sexual gratification.”
It was nearly five when they got back to campus, and Castiel was worried that the shared kitchen on the dormitory’s first floor would already be in use. Fortunately, it was deserted, and he and Dean spread out their haul from the farmer’s market across the counters.
“Hmm. I thought she was nice. A little shell-shocked, a little halting, but why wouldn’t she be? It’s an awkward situation.”
Dean sat down in the dining room. “You’re not going to read me the hours and minutes again, are you?”
“That I’m going all soft. Losing my edge. Going on boat cruises and trips to the farmer’s market and long drives just to look at stupid leaves.” Dean sighed. “Damn California hippies.”
“You’re welcome, Castiel.” Chuck gestured to one of the pitchers of watermelon lemonade. “May I try this?”
Dean wrapped his arms around Castiel. He pulled and rolled so that they were side by side again, entangled in the sheets. The next thunderbolt was closer, bolder, and Dean was able to get a better look at Castiel’s face. His expression was openly conflicted, and Dean worried for a moment that Castiel was having second thoughts about them.
Dean gulped. His hand trembled as he traced the rim of Castiel’s ear, scratched down through Castiel’s stubble, brought the tip of his thumb to Castiel’s bottom lip, feeling the warm wetness there.
“That’s what I like to hear. Bacon-wrapped dates? The dates have a little surprise stuffed inside.” Jonathan paused dramatically. “More bacon.”
“Indeed. Even when he was a toddler, he never preferred one of us over the other. When we played in the yard, he was just as likely to run away from both of us when we called as he was to go to Kelly or me. And after he hugged one of us, he’d immediately let go and hug the other one.” Castiel snorted. “I should see if he’s interested in the diplomatic corps.”
“Exactly.” Dean kicked his feet up on the coffee table. “You won’t do as good of a job if you’re not there. Someone else can do it.”
“He was born here in North Carolina, but he grew up traveling the world,” Sam was saying. “Both his parents are in the foreign service.”
“Sounds like jealousy to me. Please, have a seat. Can I get you a drink? We have red and white. There’s beer, too. Or orange juice, if you don’t feel like drinking.”
“Okay.” Dean held out his basket of onion rings, and Castiel accepted one. “Actually, you know how you mentioned the island you grew up on earlier?”
The meeting with the architect was on Wednesday afternoon, so Dean cut his workday a couple hours short and scrubbed up in the downstairs shower. He’d been cleaning catchments since lunch and didn’t want to carry the aroma of pond scum through the house. When he returned to their bedroom to dress, Castiel was there, dusting his suit jacket in the bureau mirror.
Mildred waved as she pulled out. Dean watched her until she reached the road, then looked down at the paper. At the top was a large black-and-white photograph of Mildred’s tribute band onstage and in costume; below was a printed setlist of about fifteen songs. Dean chuckled. One of the early tracks was called “I Can See an Angel.”
Sam began the incantation. It wasn’t the longest spell he’d ever seen—eight lines of hexameter in total—but sometimes repetition was required to lift stronger curses. It was better to overstate the duration to Dean than the alternative, considering the consequences of failure.
“Actually, now that my blood’s pumping—” Dean licked his lips. “I’m kind of feeling more like unwrapping a present. If you know what I mean.”
Castiel’s hand faltered again, resting in the small of Dean’s back. For a moment, Dean wondered if he’d fallen asleep before him.
Dean glanced at the passenger seat. Castiel was leaning into the wind through the window, his eyes somewhere faraway.
“I bet our coffee is ready.” Castiel let go and stepped back, and Dean wiped the tear from his face. “How about we have our coffee, have some breakfast, and figure things out from there?”
“It’s complicated.” Castiel waved dismissively. “Anyway, I was disappointed that you didn’t toss the pizza dough into the air. I was waiting for it the entire time.”
When Friday came and Garth handed him a C. Novak order for 12:45, Dean momentarily considered walking out of work early again. The only thing that got him through his shopping was the fact that he wouldn’t have to face C. Novak or his wife. He’d drop the order off with Garth and leave to see his little brother, who after a week of training still made possibly the worst salami sub in the entire state of Idaho.
“That was mean of me. To be fair, he’s the funniest person who lives at this address.” Castiel leapt up the last step and illuminated the first door in the hallway. “My office.”
“You hated speaking French when you were little.” Castiel looked down. “But you’re right. Even if you’d been willing, I wasn’t around enough to practice it with you. I’m sorry for that.”
“Indeed.” Castiel snorted, either at the truth of it or at Dean's outburst of profanity. “Anyway, I wobbled a little. Considered what they were saying. My head was all over the place. But Kelly was stronger than me. She always was. She told my parents to take a hike, that there was nothing wrong with me, that she didn’t care who I slept with, that we’d raise our kid our own way. Years later, she confessed to me that she had no idea where all that came from. She was just as scared and out of her depth as I was.” Castiel finished the rest of his glass and carefully placed it on the table. “Long story short, we managed somehow. It helped that Kelly’s parents lived in the Philadelphia suburbs—that’s where our college was. It took both of us an extra year to graduate, but we did it. And now I have a moody teenager when most of my cohort’s on dogs. Maybe toddlers.”
“Jack Alexander Charles Kline,” the dad said, his voice like a whip. “Let go of that this instant. You’re about to bring everything crashing down.”
“Very well.” Castiel’s tentacles began lowering him, and Dean screwed his eyes shut in anticipation. “Keep it warm in the meantime. The wetter it is, the easier it’ll be for you to take it.”
“was a horror movie” and “was going to have a horror movie ending,” “Swan Song” is nowhere near as dark as “Carry On.” At the end of “Swan Song,” Dean, Sam, Castiel, and Bobby are all alive. Because Sam averted the apocalypse, each of the characters is able to exercise free will in what they do in the future. Chuck is a disengaged but overall benevolent figure. Not only is Sam out of the cage by the end of “Swan Song,” but he’s on the precipice of encountering Dean again. Castiel, while an angel who has willingly returned to Heaven, retains his vessel and his ability to come to Earth if necessary.
, Castiel excused himself to read over another PhD candidate’s methodology chapter. He said he’d be working in Dean’s office since it was quieter there.
The guy laughs. His breath billows out in hot, sour clouds that dissipate into the wind and snow. He smells like cheap vodka and stale corn chips. Dean wonders if he’s laughing at his prices or how he blurted them out artlessly or something else entirely. He’s never done this before, so he’s just copying what he’s seen.
“Not much of an alpha male, are you? That’s okay.” Castiel shook his head dismissively. “All that alpha, big man crap is total horseshit. Evolutionarily and otherwise.”
“He’s worth 1.5 billion, Dean. You think an editor at a Christian publishing house can make him do anything he doesn’t want to do? He could buy the entire thing tomorrow.”
Dean nodded again. He stroked Castiel’s forearm a few times. He opened his pizza box with his other hand.
Castiel rolled off of Dean and scrambled upright at the side of the bed. Dean sat up and stared at the doorway.
Dean hesitated. He clicked the end of his pen over and over before finally pressing it to the next line.
“The truth? It was hard. Hard to go back to my normal routine, focus on my research, when I kept thinking about you. Hard to eat my normal order at the Qdoba on campus instead of your cooking.” Castiel shrugged. “Can we just fast forward two years to when we’re already married and living together?”
“Uh, I’m just wondering.” Dean licked his lips, trying to recover. “What about—what about you and Meg?”
After a couple minutes to cool down and get his breathing under control again, he reached for his phone to text Castiel goodnight.
*You can substitute dried blueberries or cranberries if huckleberries aren’t available. If you use store-bought berries, be sure to check the added sugar content so that you can adjust the sugar in the recipe to fit your taste.
“Cass. I’m—” Dean checked his watch. “Crap, I need to get out of here. I’m going to be late for that appointment.”
“I want to marry you, Dean. I want to be your husband. I want that more than anything.” Castiel looked down at their joined hands. “But I also want to stay in the fight for a just and equitable planet. I want to finish my PhD. I want to publish something, even if no one ever reads it. I want to find a career where I can bring to bear everything I can, everything I have, to make the world a better place. I want to make my mom and Jack and even Father proud. Sometimes I think….”
In the morning, Dean was surprised to wake up second. Castiel was sitting against the headboard, thumbing through his phone and chewing his lip.
Back at the house, Chuck joined the three of them around the kitchen island to chat over leftover birthday cake and glasses of champagne. For the first time since their arrival, Castiel seemed to relax enough in Chuck’s presence to hold a conversation with him that ran both ways, and Dean couldn’t help but feel that he’d played a small role in that. The topics never deviated from the mundane, the safe—how Crowley’s level of affection compared with Castiel’s childhood cat, Bob; how the dissertation process stacked up against novel writing—but they were something. They were, as Castiel put it later in bed, a start.
Their father had willed the house to both of them when he’d died two years ago, back when Sam was in his final year of law school on the other side of the country. Lisa had just moved in when Dean drove him back home after graduation, and after a summer of the three of them living together, Sam joined a law firm in Washington, DC, about an hour and twenty minutes away. Ever since, he’d acted as if the house they’d grown up in was Dean’s and Dean’s alone. Sam liked to say that associate attorney salaries weren’t great, but they were apparently enough for his own apartment in Adams Morgan, which was—according to him—a desirable part of the city.
“I don’t know.” Castiel tilted his head. “It feels silly in a way, only doing it once my son’s nearly an adult. But I’m starting to feel like I should. Father keeps dropping hints about the piece of land he thinks I should use.”
Or maybe the entire thing wasn’t romantic at all. Maybe it was a platonic, “best bros” gesture, and Castiel’s overactive imagination, addled with lustful fantasies about his roommate, was twisting it into something it wasn’t. Dean was one of the only close male friends he’d had in his life, so he didn’t have much to compare him to.
“I know, it’s a lot. Don’t worry. Aside from tonight, Father’s birthday, and Thursday, we won’t really have to spend time with everyone.” Castiel glanced at his watch. “Should we get going? We don’t want to be late to the restaurant.”
**Yes, you can use enchilada sauce from a can. I just did. When I’m at home, I make my own, but I didn’t feel like getting all the ingredients to do that at Sam’s. Maybe I’ll post my recipe for sauce this week…if the festival gives me any spare time.
“Hmm, how about we go out for dinner to celebrate our meeting? We’re already in town and all dressed up.”
He only spent five minutes under the water, scrubbing soap over his skin and rubbing shampoo through his hair as diligently as he could in that time. It was already 10, and he didn’t want to be the one delaying their trip into town after ribbing Castiel’s schedule.
“If you’d like, I could gather some of the villagers and have them return the hives to the forest in the next few days. I’ll have to return here to scout the area again, anyway.”
“I don’t mean that. Well, not just that. You can’t fake the way you look at each other. It comes through. The love comes through.” Chuck saddled up on one of the island’s stools and shrugged. “That’s probably why you grew such a following.”
“Don’t. Who gives a crap what that dead-ender had to say. He just felt like venting a little before we kicked his ass back to Oz.”
*If you don’t have vegetable stock on hand, water will do fine. It just won’t be quite as flavorful.
Castiel’s vision was foggy; he was barely staying airborne. The tower was close, but he didn’t think he could make it all the way there and still have enough strength remaining to heal himself. He had so little left already.
Castiel looked up at the ceiling for a few seconds, his blue eyes glowing bright under the track lights.
Sam came back with a cold one, and the two of them went to the back porch to sit down in the shade. The air was muggy, practically shimmering with moisture. Dean hoped that meant it would rain tonight.
Maybe there’d been some awkwardness over Meg, but Dean was just happy that he and Castiel had finally gotten some quality time together. Just the two of them. Like things used to be.
They talked about their days while they ate, though most of the meal was taken up by stories from Castiel’s younger years that he was liberated now to share. The guardedness that Dean had sensed in Castiel from the very beginning was gone completely, and it was like the opening of a floodgate. He’d never seen Castiel talk with so much animation, not even when he was going on about left-wing causes. Dean felt immense pride at being the reason for that.
Jack sighed. He was rolling his eyes behind his white plastic sunglasses, Castiel was almost certain.
That’s another part of being in a long-term relationship, he thinks with a wry smile. Putting the hard stuff off for tomorrow sometimes.
“Didn’t think you’d be such a prude about it,” Dean said. He actually felt hurt, though he wasn’t entirely sure why. “I thought you gay guys were all about casual sex.”
They exited the car and walked to the escalator. Once he’d stepped on, Dean felt Castiel’s hand between his shoulder blades.
Castiel poured them each a glass of water in the kitchen. They went out to the high-fenced backyard to relax, Dean only settling down into the patio chair next to Castiel once he’d surveyed the few plants that were growing in the raised beds.
Dean gazed at the portrait of his mother. She was smiling at him; he wanted to think that if she were here right now, she’d still be smiling.
“By all means.” Castiel stepped away from the counter. “I’m sure you’re a much better flower artist than I.”
*If you’re cooking for fewer people, I’d recommend still making the entire sauce and just cooking as much pasta as you need. The sauce keeps just fine and you can have the rest of it tomorrow.
Dean looked up at the ceiling; Sam peeked over his shoulder at the front staircase. After a few seconds, Dean leaned into the table with both hands and bowed his head.
*If you don’t have a Dutch oven, you can cook the cauliflower in a saucepan and assemble the gratin in a casserole dish.
Before Dean had a chance to respond, Castiel patted Jack on the shoulder and told him that he and Dean should go outside together.
“No! Not a problem.” Dean rolled Castiel’s foreskin back up, brushed his thumb over the cute snout that formed at the top. “Aw. Look at this little guy.”
Dean pulled the comforter up to his neck; the house’s air conditioning was raising goose bumps over his bare chest.
“No, I was just thinking it’s ironic. That you don’t do the whole online dating thing, yet you flirted with me on Instagram and….” Dean shrugged. “Here we are.”
“I’ve never been particularly driven, Dean. I worry that if I take my foot off the gas now, I might just give up on the whole thing. It’s not like I need it to make a living. And I doubt Jack cares either way.”
“Uh, well, you have 94 likes on the post already. That’s pretty good engagement, I’d say. It’s been less than an hour. Comments, too. Want me to read them?”
“Pretty sure you have told me that. Pretty sure you tell me that at least once a month. And I’m pretty sure I always reply that you’re the little sister I never wanted.”
Once your tomatoes are done, add the chili flakes, oregano, tomato juice, roasted peppers, sun-dried tomatoes, olives, and capers and stir gently. Add the spaghetti to the boiling water and cook until al dente. If the sauce starts to bubble vigorously, lower the heat to low. We want the sauce to thicken a little bit—some of this will be dependent on the tomatoes you use, since some types of canned tomatoes will have more water than others. You want a pretty thick sauce.
“Okay, Sammy. Just get it all out of your system now, because I’m going to need you to act at least somewhat normal this afternoon.”
Dean didn’t know what to say to that, so he forced out a weak laugh and returned his eyes to the grill.
“I’ll drive the truck into town around eight. That should give us plenty of time to get everything set up before the crowds. You can turn up at 8:30. I told Kevin that too.”
Though he’d taken one seconds before, he paused and drew in another breath. Dean gave him a reassuring smile. Out of all the subjects in a book about everything, of course Castiel’s favorite would be love. And of course he’d share it with him on their last day together, sitting together on Dean’s old bed with the breeze through the window smelling like dry sunlight and sweet grass. He had an image in his mind of the orrery at the corner of his junior physics classroom: two planets separated by the vast empty of space when first set in motion, preordained to align in this moment. Maybe he’d tell Castiel about it once he was done reading, just to see whether that image made any sense to him.
They finished their dinner; Castiel poured out the rest of the bottle while Dean turned on the tree lamps and hooked his iPod into the dock. He queued up a classic rock playlist entitled “Dean’s Soft Side Summer 2007.”
Dean cut him off with a grunt and a nod. His face was still hidden in his palm, but there was vivid chartreuse blooming from underneath it.
“Alright,” Dean said. He engaged the delivery truck’s parking brake and turned to the passenger seat. “You ready for this?”
“Let’s—” Dean stood up and carried his glass to the sink. “I had a long day. Let’s just talk tomorrow.”
Dean stopped in the middle of juicing a lime and glared. “I didn’t mean for you to start spreading that around when I told you.”
“Already?” Castiel scratched at the little diamond of fur above Crowley’s nose. “Maybe because I’m home all day.”
“No, I’m doing this because I want to. I want to spend more time with you. And Jack, and Sam, and Eileen, and everyone else. I want to do all the things I never got the chance to. I mean—” Dean winces at the knot in his back from getting plowed into the seat cushion. “I’m getting old, man.”
While the tomatoes and garlic are cooking, boil a large pot of water and season with 2 tablespoons of salt.
Fingertips to Dean’s forehead, Castiel erases the memories of the alley, of their night together. In their place, Dean’s finding a wad of cash on the sidewalk behind the motel. No one else is around, and after a few days of nobody claiming it at the motel office, it’s his. A Thanksgiving miracle. He'll wake up in the morning and remember that he got this room, just for one night, because Sam was annoying him.
“So…what’s going to fill all that empty space? Don’t tell me, you’re letting Cass turn it into a yoga studio.”
Now that he thought about it, though, he’d never really seen Castiel with another girl before Meg. Friends, sure, but not one chick he’d hang out with on his own. And none of his dozens of stories from his gap year featured even an allusion to him taking anyone home. Or back to the hostel, whatever.
Dean jerks his hips into the air and arches his back. He opens his eyes in time to see his neglected cock, untouched all this time, spasm once, twice. Then, Castiel drives home in Dean’s ass, and jets of come shoot straight up, hitting the Impala’s ceiling and the upper edges of Castiel’s wings before splattering back down onto his body. The last few spurts fall in a line from his neck to his crotch.
Castiel closed the door behind them gently. Dean curled his arm around his waist as they walked to the other side of the house.
Personally, I microwave my frozen peas, but prepare them however you like (boiling and steaming will get you pretty much the same result as microwaving). Once your peas are hot, toss them with 2 tablespoons of butter and the mint until the butter is melted. Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Dean climbed down from the ladder and shifted it a few feet to the right. A chilly wind through the valley buffeted them while Castiel moved the pile of lights to match, and Dean zipped up his jacket.
Kevin stroked his chin. “Fair point. But, just so you know, I wouldn’t have any problem with it. If you were…you know.”
“Okay.” Castiel kissed Dean’s thigh, twisted his sticky hand around Dean’s cock. “You’re amazing, Dean. Thank you.”
Dean scratched the back of his head, feeling like he should say more. He wanted to thank Castiel, tell him how grateful he was. How happy he was that Castiel had decided to take a chance on him. It wasn’t just the money. For the first time in a while, it felt like someone had faith in him. Like someone really cared about what happened to him. It made sense that Castiel was that person. After all, he had so much practice as a dad, and he really seemed to be a great one.
“It was really romantic. Not just what you said, but that it was in front of everyone. I couldn’t really react in the moment, but…well. Hearing you say all that made me feel like the luckiest man on the planet.”
It was the lunch hour on a weekday, so most of the booths and tables were occupied. The air smelled of fryer grease and pickles. Dean felt his stomach rumble in response.
Dean had started rubbing the wet rag over his face, through his hair, around his neck. He shrugged his bare shoulders, the corded muscles there slowly rippling in a way that Castiel couldn’t stop himself from openly admiring.
“Just carry me and put me in the passenger seat.” Castiel planted his feet at the base of the staircase. “Night, Sam. See you next weekend.”
“I’ve been stupid, Dean. I overthought and I came to the wrong conclusions. I’m sorry for how I’ve been these past few weeks.”
The drive to Wichita usually took around three hours. When they were in a hurry, Dean could trim that down to two and a half, but he stuck pretty close to the speed limit most of the way this time. There wasn’t any point in hurrying if Castiel still hadn’t returned, Sam supposed.
“Welcome to social media, Dean. It’s all about appearances. How do you think the Kardashians made all their money?”
Dean shook Hannah’s offered hand, which she withdrew almost as soon as he’d grasped it. She gave a polite, if cool, smile.
As Castiel tugged the belt free, his thicker tentacle brushed against Dean’s bulge. Dean resisted the urge to rub up into it.
“Yeah.” Dean curled his arm around Castiel’s waist and walked them to the door. “You sound disappointed.”
Every word was stiff as cardboard. His deep, craggy voice danced with none of the verve and lightness that Dean was used to.
Castiel looked for gills on the creature’s neck, but there didn’t appear to be any. Maybe he’d lost them in his metamorphosis into an adult.
Outside, the parking lot seems unnaturally bright, even for a night with an almost-full moon. The asphalt shines in the pale light, slick and oily, and Dean wonders if the flash thunderstorm earlier while they were at the hotel had anything to do with their little angel confrontation. The sky’s cloudless now, though. All the stars would be visible over the plains if it weren’t for the downtown glow blotting them out.
Castiel sighed and pulled Dean’s hand, guiding him up the steps to the roadside. Dean reached for his keys.
Castiel tilted his head. In spite of his tense nerves and hammering heart, Dean couldn’t help but smile. That confused head tilt had been one of the first things Dean had noticed about Castiel, back when they sat next to each other in the rear corner of sophomore geometry.
“Hey folks.” Dean beamed at the camera for a second before pointing finger guns to his left. “Look who’s back!”
Castiel accepted his umbrella with a sigh. “Well, I had a wonderful time today. You’re the best surprise I’ve had in a long time. And I’m sorry if I made you uncomfortable.” He looked away, at the road back to Union Station.
“Just thinking about what I have to do in the next few days to get ready for the festival,” Dean said. “On top of the normal stuff on the farm.”
Castiel vacuumed the kitchen and the living room and the hallways, turned on all the lights in Jack’s bathroom to check the cleanliness of the surfaces, organized the shoes in the entryway. He sniffed himself and noted with satisfaction that he still smelled fresh from his shower.
“Nothing too interesting. I had to prune back some damaged branches on the oldest section of blueberries. Happened over the winter but I’m only getting to it now.”
“Cass,” Dean mumbled. “Look, man, this is too much right now. You just got back, and I’m happy about that. I’m so damn happy and—I’m still processing all this. Almost buying the farm back there, and you being back, and—”
“Then such is the will of the fates.” Dean rubbed Castiel’s palm and smiled. “Either way, I’ll remain at your side.”
Dean woke up to a cold room and the sound of sobbing. He cast the thin sheet off his body and leapt up.
Dean looked down at his hands, then at the microwave clock. He glanced over his shoulder at the oven.
“Shut up, jerk.” They’d reached the end of Sam’s street; he gestured straight ahead to the crosswalk. “Oh, before I forget. I texted Charlie. Her brother lives in Montevideo.”
He motioned Castiel along to the vegetable garden and held the gate open for him. Castiel lagged behind on the damp ground, faltering at times where his shoes sank into the clay loam.
Preheat your oven to 400 degrees Fahrenheit and prepare your baking sheets with parchment paper. Chop your eggplant, bell peppers, and zucchini into similar bite-sized pieces, about 1/3 inch thick. I like to chop them into large, irregular shapes rather than the thin slices or uniform cubes you see in some recipes, since the finished product looks more rustic and interesting on the plate.
that’s all I want it to be?” Dean said, almost knocking the pizza box off his knees in his indignation.
When the mushrooms have just about finished, add the herbs and combine so they heat through. Remove from heat and add salt and pepper to taste.
He’d been having a normal enough day up until then. A slow morning of coffee and grading essays; a quick lunch of vegetable and hummus sandwiches on rye bread; an afternoon chat with his parents, who called every Sunday afternoon because they were old-fashioned like that. As it always did, his productivity tapered off as the day grew longer, and he changed into shorts for a jog.
“The first time we kissed,” Dean said. “I remember thinking something. I don’t know why I thought of it then, but you reminded me of it.”
“‘Just a bar fight,’” Castiel muttered. “Can you move your arms to get this shirt off, or should I cut it down the back?”
Dean put down his phone and scratched his head. He wasn’t sure he believed Castiel when he said that everything was fine, but it wasn’t his place to press the issue.
Once he finished demonstrating the preparation, Dean switched out the bowl in his hand for the one holding the pudding he’d made that morning.
It was probably just the heat screwing with his brain. And this was already looking to be a long, hot summer.
“Look, Cass. August—that’s a tough month for me. I mean, things are pretty nonstop around here from now all the way through to the beginning of September. I can’t even take a day off, much less go on vacation halfway across the country.”
“Maybe you should wash up before your food comes,” Castiel says. Dean doesn’t know why, but he complies instantly.
“And I don’t know why, but I worry about you. That something could happen to you while I’m gone all day.” Dean rubbed his hand over the lower half of his face, blinked away the embarrassing pricking in his eyes. “I don’t know what’s wrong with me.”
“This is the best night I’ve had in I don’t know how many years. So, yeah. I’m enjoying the moment.”
“Okay. Dean, you hold one handle; Cass grabs the other. Remember, Dean—no thoughts other than Cass for the entire time I’m chanting. Otherwise, we can’t try again for a year.”
“‘He’s so beautiful.’” Castiel smiled. “That’s what I kept thinking the entire time we were talking. I couldn’t believe how beautiful he was. He didn’t seem real.”
Castiel looked up at Dean’s dark form; he still couldn’t see his eyes. He was pretty sure he was supposed to answer in the affirmative, or at least nod, but he didn’t want to. He loved Dean—loved his cock too, sure—but he didn’t think that made him a slut.
Dean had returned to the house half an hour ago and, figuring that he was the one running late, immediately jumped into the shower. When he left his bathroom, he heard Castiel racing up the stairs.
For a second, Castiel looked as if he were about to cry. Then, he pointed his thumb over his shoulder.
“Do you need me to help with anything now?” Castiel started unbuttoning his shirt. “Or can I get changed and—”
“Rowena baking? That’d be a sure sign of the apocalypse.” Castiel tilted his head. “I should probably go look for Jack. He better not be upstairs already.”
“Stop changing the subject. There’s something up with you, Dean. You’re trying to impress this guy.”
Castiel looked down at his untouched Belgian waffle with whipped cream and strawberries, spinach and mushroom omelette, and potato wedges. It all looked appetizing, but his stomach was churning too much for him to dig into any of it.
“Let’s finish eating,” Castiel said, after a long silence in which neither of them breathed. “Then we can wash and go to bed. This heat saps all my will to do anything but lie down.”
Castiel gulps and nods, and they’re in the back a few seconds later. Dean feels that hitch right above his hip again when he hits the seat. One of the disadvantages of being in his forties, but it’s better than the alternative.
He shrugged. “It’s up to her. But you shouldn’t underestimate the power of grace. Forgiveness. Sometimes, mistakes form the foundations of our strongest relationships.”
Castiel nudged into him, tapping his cheek to Dean’s shoulder. Dean curled his arm around his waist.
Castiel gave a happy sigh and checked his watch. At least for now, Dean thought he’d succeeded in getting him to stop thinking about his parents.
As the sun dropped towards the western horizon, Castiel pushed back from his desk, covered his eyes with both hands, and groaned in frustration. He had something here, he knew it. His muse was flirting with him for the first time in years. But the feeling was evanescent. There was only a wisp of the young man flitting about in his mind, a specter. Barely a taste. Nothing to grab onto.
“What in our lives has ever made sense? Yours, mine, Cass’s? Actually, this all makes sense in some twisted way. Right when we get our chance to kick our feet up, enjoy life a little—” Dean snapped his fingers. “It all gets snatched away. That’s the way it’s always been, Sam. Ever since Mom burned.”
“No reason we can’t make that dream come true. As long as I can get Charlie or someone else to housesit.”
Castiel poured them more wine instead of taking the bait. If Dean had his glass between his lips, at least he wasn’t talking. Plus, he was a mellow, sweet, affectionate drunk, one who abandoned his needling jokes in favor of pensive observations about existence and the universe.
“No, don’t take me to the police station,” Dean says. He feels his eyes prickling, then a hot, fat tear rolling down his cheek. “My dad will kill me. He’ll—he can’t find out about any of this. Leaving Sammy alone, selling myself—”
Dean picked up his empty bowl and showed it to Castiel, his eyes glimmering their bright green. Castiel grinned.
, and that’s saying something. And then, “Moriah” and Season 15 happened, and he got flattened into a Disney villain.
They ate for a while without speaking. Castiel’s voice was hesitant every time he asked Dean to pass him something. Dean wanted to slam the table and order Castiel to stop apologizing, but he knew that he’d only be venting his own frustration and not comforting him. After what felt like hours, Castiel’s mood finally turned on its own when the subject of Jack came up.
“Whoa.” Dean whipped his head around, making sure they were really where he thought they were. “You got your wings back?”
“Well, things like that don’t define us. I’m most of the way through my PhD and we still found each other.”
“You’re right, Dean. But let’s talk about it tomorrow. It’s late, and you’re tired and cranky. You won’t absorb everything I have to say.”
Dean rolled his eyes. He plucked the vegan kielbasas from the grill and lay them on a serving plate one by one.
“Dean!” Sam waved from behind the counter. He was wearing a hairnet, gloves, and an apron with the Crowley’s Café logo on it. “Crowley said you’d be in here. Between 12:45 and 1, Monday through Friday. Like clockwork.”
“Pathetic, isn’t he?” The Empty stroked its chin. “That’s what you gave up everything for? The first time and all the other times?”
For a few seconds, Dean stroked Castiel’s back in silence. On the street outside, a siren wailed by, then another one.
“I appreciate that, Dean.” Castiel glanced at Dean’s lips, settling there long enough that Dean licked them instinctively. “I’m sorry for dumping my life story on you.”
has with “Swan Song” and “Carry On.” Here, I’m not referring to season finales—even season finales of initial or very early seasons, which are often written without knowledge of whether the show will be renewed. This type of series finale is deliberate: it’s the culmination of multiple years of storytelling; of complex and mature character dynamics; of long-term planning and discussion among stakeholders; and of an ostensibly final season that is structured around not just the finale’s events, but its thematic, moral, and philosophical claims. In other words, it’s the exact same beast as the “actual” series finale. It just happens earlier.
Castiel cleared his throat as they took their seats. Dean had been right—he couldn’t see Hannah straight across from him on account of the centerpiece.
Slowly, carefully, the creature shuffled back to him. It sat a foot away, dangling its legs in the pool, and handed Castiel the cup.
Castiel laughed. “Either way, I put my trust in you, Dean. I’ll see you at our normal time on Friday.”
“I was going to say, let’s just forget about this. I’m not making any sense, I know. Maybe I’ll figure out what I mean later.”
“No, it’s just—” Dean dug into his pocket for his mother’s ring, holding it out in his palm once he had it. “I was going to propose to you!”
“Oh, no. I dare say they won’t even notice their presence. They only see the task immediately before them. I suppose they’re like farmers in that way.”
“She calls into The Roadhouse and requests stupid stuff like The Fray. And I know Cass isn’t with her when she’s doing it, because he has his Mysticism in Islam seminar then. He’s not putting her up to it.”
“Yeah, I started this thread on a gay forum. Said I was looking for advice on having anal sex for the first time and that I’d be the one playing catcher. And that my boyfriend was on the larger side of average. Got a few replies like those, but most of the dudes were really nice.”
They walked back out onto the pedestrian mall and continued north. Dean pointed out city hall, the Civil War museum, the location of the Saturday farmer’s market. They were nearly at the end of the mall when one of the storefronts caught Dean’s eye.
Dean felt his cheeks flaring hot and red again. He squirmed in his chair. Who the hell did this guy think he was, calling him bisexual? Sure, he wasn’t the first person who’d implied something along those lines—Charlie said stuff about Dean maybe being a Kinsey 1 or 2, whatever that meant—but he and Castiel had only met a few minutes ago!
To Castiel’s evident delight, Jack only had to be roused once before he rolled out of bed and joined them at the breakfast table in the morning. He sat across from them, his usually floppy hair wild like his father’s, and squinted in the hot sunlight. He covered his mug when Castiel offered him coffee.
He yanked Castiel to the ground with him, pushing and pulling him into a side-by-side sixty-nine. Castiel licked a strip up the underside of Dean’s cock, sucked each of his balls into his mouth in turn. He tasted like sweat and stress—unavoidable after the day they’d had—though there was still the alpine scent of his bar soap from that morning and, below that, his natural musk.
Neither of them talked or moved for the better part of a minute. Plaintive music soared from the television.
“Mhm. My parents wanted me to marry Kelly and leave behind my ‘selfish desires.’ Now that I was having a child, that would be my world. That and the mother. If I ever felt tempted by men, I should just think of them waiting for me at home, and I would abstain.”
The creature looked at Castiel’s hand for a long time, long enough that Castiel leaned back to check for approaching vehicles again. Finally, Castiel felt the creature’s cool, damp palm against his.
“You’re my prince,” interrupted the knight. “How could I not? I would lay down my very life for you, sire.”
“So, you’re not completely sick of Dean yet?” Sam shot Castiel a sly glance. “That must be your secret superpower. Either that, or he was on his best behavior.”
“Ah. I assumed it had practical import.” Castiel eased the flannel past the swell of Dean’s shoulders, and Dean tossed it onto his jacket. “Over the weeks I’ve spent watching you, I’ve noticed you…live a dangerous life.”
Once they’d finished loading the truck, Dean offered to drop her off at her apartment. She declined.
Dean assured her that he had things under control, though part of him dreaded that she was more accurate in that assessment than she had any right to be.
“Eight hours ago?” Sam said, in the tone he used when he didn’t actually want an answer to the question he was asking.
Dean scrutinized the faces, noting the resemblance to Castiel of most of them. Castiel and Jack stood at the edge of the frame, leaning in with Santa hats drooping down along the sides of their heads. At the middle of the group stood a short, slight, bearded man wearing what could only be described as a smirk.
Dean picked up the remote to turn off the TV, but stopped to listen as one of the talking heads explained that measurement changes were the reason for the dramatic increase in newly confirmed cases and deaths in one of the provinces of China. Another guest remarked on the stringency of the full lockdown that had been imposed in the capital city.
The wind blows again while Castiel thinks. Dean can’t help but feel unease at how long it takes him to respond.
“You might want to tamp down those noises, handsome. They take public morality pretty seriously up here in Puritanland.”
Kelly’s house was a dark green Victorian with white trim and a red door, shaded by a colossal old oak tree in the front yard. Dean parked at the base of the driveway, leaving room for the other two cars to get out.
“It means a lot, Sammy.” Dean pushed his chair back and sniffed. “Alright, let’s get out of here before you try to make us have a chick flick moment.”
Castiel fidgeted in Dean’s peripheral vision. Deciding to head the rest of this off at the pass, Dean pushed his chair back and gathered up some of the serving bowls.
They toasted, and Sam moved behind the camera to set up the initial shot. Dean rearranged the different elements of his mise en place to Sam’s satisfaction.
“Friedrich Wilhelm von Steuben,” Castiel said. “Hero of the Revolutionary War, George Washington’s chief of staff. Did you know he was gay?”
someone. Someone who’s done something with his life, not a hobo with a trust fund who’s floating through it like driftwood.” Castiel exhaled. “You wouldn’t understand, Dean. What it’s like to not have any direction in life. You’re the most diligent, responsible person I’ve ever met.”
“If you refuse us, we’ll have no choice but to continue our search for a willing participant. If we miss our chance to record your species now, it could be many millions of years before we return to this sector of the galaxy. Actuarially, your kind is unlikely to survive that long.”
“No, for doing all this research and preparation and guiding me, us, through this….” Castiel shivered when Dean’s ass accepted another hard-won inch. “And for that.”
“You can,” Castiel said again. More tears were coming now, and Castiel dried each one of them with the pad of his thumb.
Dean looked at Castiel’s lips and swallowed. “That’s—that’s pretty good. I think I understand better now.”
“I know he wasn’t there for you. I know what he did with Jack was messed up, to put it mildly. The past’s not going to change. But I don’t think he thinks everything’s about him. I think he wants to do better now, even if he’s crap at showing it. I know I only met him a couple days ago, but that’s my dumb opinion. If you want it.”
“Jack knows all the words,” Castiel said sheepishly. “We listened to that song on repeat the entire way to Missouri. Somehow, I feel I’ve failed as a parent.”
Once you have a thick, creamy sauce that clings to the noodles, plate the pasta and top with the chard. Sprinkle with a little more grated parmesan and serve.
before Castiel pushes open their door and shuts it softly behind him. He folds up each of his articles of clothing and stacks them on the dresser, then picks up Dean’s dirty clothes and dumps them in the hamper. Dean threw them at the wall in frustration earlier and decided to leave them lying on the ground for Castiel to take care of.
Dean glared at Jo’s back as she disappeared through the rear doorway. He couldn’t recall a more impertinent serving girl, and he’d been to more than his share of inns and taverns.
.” Rowena laid out her poker hand on the coffee table. “Full house, queens over sixes. Read ‘em and weep, boys and girl.”
Castiel didn’t see Dean for the rest of the day. He considered texting him before dinner to see what his plans were, but he thought better of it. Whatever the reason, it seemed like Dean wanted some space, so Castiel would give him at least until tomorrow before reaching out.
“Oh. Uh, yeah.” Dean made his way to the Impala, stuffing down whatever he was feeling for another day. “Thanks again, Cass. See you Friday.”
*If you can't get your hands on strawberry brandy, try another fruit brandy (switching out the strawberry garnish for the relevant fruit). Another one I'm fond of in this drink is pear brandy.
“That’s—” Dean squirms, but the guy matches his movements, lurching in and caging his other arm around Dean’s shoulders. “That’s not for sale.”
Chuck gave a halfhearted squeeze to his lemon slice before giving up and dropping it into the whiskey. He perched on one of the island’s stools and sipped.
“I need both my hands for texting. Putting my arm around you would slow me down, and you want me to finish as quickly as possible.”
“It’s the parmesan you grated so perfectly,” Dean answered, rolling his eyes. “None of the powdered stuff, guys. You want an actual block of parmesan, and you want to grate about a cup of it with the small side of your grater. Or use a blender or food processor. Pecorino romano or Grana Padano are fine, too. The main thing is quality.”
“That’s my office.” Dean gestured to the open door. “I mainly use it on the weekend, when I do ordering, accounts, stuff like that. Or when I’m posting on the food blog.”
“Something about him loving his other creations more than his actual kids. His books, I mean. Luke hated the change in Dad’s personality after our mother’s death.”
“Sometimes, yes. They were all I knew for a very long time. I’d be a sociopath if I didn’t miss them sometimes.”
“Let’s see what we’ve got here,” Dean said, turning down AC/DC so he could concentrate. “Wow, this is a lot.”
“Good.” Dean exhaled. “Do you—I could return the favor. I didn’t do it earlier because…well, you were upset—”
“Yeah. We…protect other humans. By finding and killing things that’re more powerful than normal people. Ghosts, werewolves, witches. Crap like that.”
Castiel broke off, his body quivering in Dean’s hands. The tentacles flared violently, and Dean hid his eyes in Castiel’s hair. He was so distracted by the fireworks that he didn’t notice Castiel pulsating deep in his ass until the third or fourth spasm.
He’d reached the huge equestrian statue in the center of the park. Aside from a couple sharing an umbrella at the other side of the circle, no one else was there.
in an effort to impose a “final” ending. But what’s much worse is that many in the fandom are so eager to champion this betrayal. To them, the exclusion, the stagnation, the diminution are the point. They would rather the brothers be killed off than ever see them change or grow.
Dean paced back and forth between his desk and Castiel’s, replaying everything that had happened at brunch. Honestly, he didn’t really understand why he’d flipped out like that. Sure, Meg was irritating, but she was always irritating, and Dean had more or less managed to keep a lid on his emotions up to this point. But something about her smarmy hints and insinuations had really gotten under his skin.
“Perhaps I could wash our clothes tomorrow evening.” Dean picked up Castiel’s discarded rag and hung it on the windowsill, then dipped a fresh one into the washbasin. “As soon as I return from the mountain. They should be dry by the next morning.”
“‘You know it’s true,’” Dean sang, the broomstick morphing from dance partner to microphone. “‘Everything I do—’”
“Uh, yeah.” Dean contorted around the sudden multiplication of limbs. “Yeah, there’re more than just those, but you’re definitely off to a good start.”
Castiel pulled open the bag of tortilla chips in his lap and handed it to Dean. “Try it. I’ll get you a glass of water.”
“Sam was just telling me about some Irish Christmas traditions,” Castiel said. He finished sipping his wine and placed it out of frame.
Castiel moved his hands from his cock to Dean’s ass, one for either cheek, supporting him as he squatted down. He felt his head pop past Dean’s resistance, then Dean’s body going suddenly tight all around it.
They had a dinner reservation in half an hour at a restaurant a few blocks away, and Dean had showered first. He supposed it would mostly be his fault if they showed up late to their reservation: not only had he taken his time under the awesome massaging showerhead, but he was the one who’d suggested a little “relaxing” was in order after their drive from Atlanta.
“Your Highness,” Dean said, gathering up the things beside him and standing up. “I looked through the dragon’s hoard and found some provisions for you while you slept. A set of clothes, a pair of shoes.”
Dean rubbed his nape. He could feel his cheeks and neck getting hot, and he blamed it on the amount of people who’d packed into the room by now.
“Okay,” Dean said, gathering together the papers he’d brought down from his office and sticking them into their folder. “Anything else? If not, I think I deserve a drink.”
Dean smirked. “I thought as much. Uh, let’s get started. Like with most stuff I do, there’s a little twist to this recipe. A spicy twist. Hope you’re ready.”
“Maybe later.” Castiel pulled at Dean’s arm. “Aren’t you going to get ready for bed? You look tired.”
“I’m sorry, sire. I don’t have anything else to clothe you with right now. Unless—” he looked down at his cuirass. “Unless you’d have me give you the clothes off my back. They may not fit you very well, but you’d at least have something until we can get back to the village.”
“Okay, okay.” Sam held up his hands. “You know I’ll eat anything you cook, Dean. I just wouldn’t go with this dish if you were having a date over.”
is for its essential simplicity: it’s a forthright, all-American tale of two brothers who save the day, and each other, and the world, each season.
Castiel looks out the window. Dean’s overloaded stomach protests, and he puts down his utensils to take a breather. He feels bad for how aggressive he’s being. Maybe Castiel really is just a well-meaning guy who happened to get lost in the sleaziest part of Indianapolis. Probably not, but there’s no harm in pretending that’s the case while he’s filling his belly on the man’s dime.
“So you can taste something other than my ass,” Dean said, under his breath. An eager-looking sales associate was hovering just outside hearing range; she made her move when Castiel caught her eye.
The creature brought up more water from the pool and spread it over Castiel’s ankle. This time, it stroked its fingers along Castiel’s skin.
“Some jerk stole my protein shake out of the fridge! Drank it all and left the empty bottle in the break room sink!”
“Oh, is that what I mean?” Dean held the door for him, pointed to a cluster of closed-toe rubber sandals at the base of the steps. “Just choose any pair. There might be some splashing when we wash the chard.”
“I’ll tell her when I get back.” Garth stood up and circled the desk. “You don’t mind covering for me while I run out and get something for lunch, do you? You don’t have another order for a little while.”
Dean clicked through to his profile. @Castiel, Castiel Kline, 992 posts, 6,912 followers, 477 following. Activist. Democratic Socialist. I work on my dissertation in my spare time. No human is illegal. #AbolishICE #GreenNewDeal #MedicareForAll
Kelly smiled in response. The woods were thin enough now to let through strips of full sun across the trail, and the grade seemed to be leveling out before the final push. Kelly gestured uphill to where Castiel and Jack were hiking close together, Castiel with his brow furrowed as he spoke. He’d finally gotten around to it, then.
“Rock me, angel, like the wind and the rain.” Dean tipped his head all the way back so he could see Castiel’s eyes in the twilight. “Rock me, angel, like a southbound train.”
He let go of Castiel’s wings so he could wrap his arms around his back, and feathers fell on the world like prismatic snow. Castiel eased himself out of Dean and pressed a kiss to his lips. Gently, he lay his head down over Dean’s heart.
“The sooner I leave, the more time you have to look forward to me coming back.” Castiel slid their plates into the dishwasher. “Don’t people say that? I suppose that’s one way to look at it.”
“Or—” Dean’s eyes darted around, seeking any change in the void. “Or do you bend me in half and take what you’ve always wanted?”
They kiss briefly, then kiss again, and Castiel dips Dean back into the Impala’s glass and steel with the force of it. His breath is hot and desperate over Dean’s face, and Dean is sweating within seconds. The post-thunderstorm, late-summer Oklahoma humidity is fiendish.
“Dean.” Castiel pushes himself up, his eyes blazing like the sky at noon. “I’m a sinful, selfish creature. Jofiel was right. I gave everything for you. Only you.”
He’d exaggerated a little; the preparation was substantial in terms of ingredients, though not time. He decided to gather the herbs from the garden first and was heading out there when Castiel walked down the stairs wearing thin blue shorts and a canary yellow T-shirt.
“Just doing some emails, handling some staging.” Castiel turned to him. “When’d you go to sleep? I think you were still reading when I dozed off.”
“Yes, nonprofit work. A few close friends of mine set up a humanitarian NGO while we were still in college. After graduation, I decided to take a job with them. Mostly antimalaria campaigns—nets, water control. I think we helped a lot of people.”
“Oh, I almost forgot.” Castiel poured more blueberry syrup over his pancakes. “I looked up the process for listing a property on the National Register. Remember how we talked about it?”
“Nah. Come all the way up here for a job, I’d rather work until it’s done. Means I get back to Louisiana faster.”
“I don’t know what that is, and I don’t want to know.” Dean ran his credit card. “I should’ve gone through self-checkout.”
Castiel sat at his desk, opened his laptop. It seemed like something was bothering Dean—he’d acted strangely at brunch, and his sudden flight from the dorm only confirmed Castiel’s suspicions. Of course, Castiel’s thoughts immediately went to the possibility that Dean was upset about the night before, but the timing didn’t make sense.
“Yeah. Hey, you get to scrub up in the mudroom with me when we get home. You’re becoming a real farmboy.”
“It’s just me in a 4000-square-foot house. Plenty of quiet rooms for you to do your writing in. When you’re not earning your keep by helping me on the farm, that is.” Dean turned down the heater. “Sam drives out every Sunday. You could catch a ride with him.”
“Of course I took it seriously. It’s your dream.” Castiel searched Dean’s eyes. “Ah, I see. Dean, there wasn’t an ulterior motive to what I did. I’m not trying to get you to turn this place over to the National Park Service or something. That’s not what happens. The owner retains all his rights to the property.”
“Dean, I—I’ve been meaning to tell you for a while. I wanted to find the right moment, the right conversation—” Castiel wiped away his tears. “There’s no such thing as a right conversation.”
“Amazing how precise you can be with those.” Dean wet his lips. “I mean, considering how big they are.”
Dean giggles. He has such a funny way of talking. Dean’s really going to miss him once Dad gets back and they pack up for their next destination. It shocks Dean a bit, how much he thinks he’ll miss him.
“No!” Dean said, more loudly than he’d intended. He glanced at the column of exposed skin from Castiel’s neck to his navel. “I mean, yes.”
“You can blame my mother for that. She redecorated the entire house the year before I was born. Father’s kept everything the same since.” Castiel sighed. “I’ve never liked it. It’s oppressive.”
They did a quick wrap-up with a sampling of the dish, breaking off a hunk of one of the dozen baguettes that he and Castiel had picked up at the bakery in town. Castiel cut the camera, and Dean turned off the stove, leaving the ratatouille to sit until the rest of the family arrived for dinner. Chuck was still watching them from the edge of the kitchen. His eyes followed every one of Castiel’s movements, flicking now and then to Dean, and his warm smile never wavered.
“Engage politically, Dean. Activism’s important to me, and if I’m moving here for good, I want to find a way to still be an activist.”
“It is the same with us.” Castiel hit Dean’s prostate, and Dean moaned loudly enough for the hectocotylus to drop from his mouth. “We’re bonded now, Dean. Across the galaxy. You’re my mate.”
“Ah.” He spooned some of the filling onto the tortilla. “It’s like you were saying yesterday about the berries. There’s so much more out there that people don’t know about.”
“Well, he wasn’t meeting chicks later.” Dean thrust his hands under the water once Castiel finished. “It takes at least a day to get garlic out of your fingers.”
“They’re a type of butter cookie from New Mexico. Dean wanted to test a few different recipes. You get to be our guinea pig.” Castiel stopped in his tracks. “Actually, I have to use the bathroom. I should’ve gone at the airport. I was so excited to see you, I forgot.”
“I’m never going to wake up at the same time as you, but it’d be nice to end our days at the same time. I hate having to do writing after you’ve come home. I already don’t see you enough.”
“It drains a dragon’s essence from its body, back to the earth from whence it came. It’s the only way I know of to kill them; they seem to survive even the most grievous of normal wounds. You have to pierce the creature’s heart, but—” Dean turned around and smiled shyly. “I’m quite a good shot, sire.”
. But despite being an adult, there was an endearingly boyish aura about him that roused something within Castiel—his paternal instincts, yes, but other, baser ones as well. His physical attributes bloomed with youth, but the boyishness went beyond just that. The wide, toothy grin with which he greeted Jack’s exuberance over his car; the too-big clothing that hung awkwardly from his shoulders and overflowed the tops of his shoes; the submissiveness in his lush green eyes when he called Castiel “sir”; the bashful glow on his freckled cheeks as the two of them bade him goodbye. And then, how he’d still been watching when Castiel turned back for one last look, as if he yearned for Castiel to take him home.
Dean offered him more tea, but Castiel said something about making a pot of decaf soon. He caressed the back of Dean’s hand.
“No, I didn’t know what to do with it. But I’m kind of on a sage kick now.” Dean stroked Castiel’s side. “You ready to film now, angel? Or do you want to relax first?”
“You’ll see. It’s mostly old crap that I keep around because it’s easier than hauling it all somewhere.” Dean turned on the attic light. “But…there’s something else.”
“Don’t be shy, Cass.” Sam pushed the serving bowls in his direction. “Dean and I’ve already had plenty.”
The second weekend of October, Dean and Castiel went on their first trip of the off season, driving the length of Shenandoah National Park before going out to dinner in Charlottesville. The fall leaves were in full flush, resplendent in copper and rust and gold, and it was still early enough in the season that the first autumn squall hadn’t come through to strip the branches bare. At the summit of Hawksbill Mountain, Dean pointed out each of the visible peaks of the Blue Ridge Mountains, each of the minuscule cities in the valley below.
“And—” Castiel glanced down Dean’s naked form, then quickly snapped his gaze back up. “The thing is, humans, we consider bathing together to be quite intimate. I’d need to take off the clothes I’m wearing, and—well, it’s really a silly cultural hang-up, but being nude in front of someone else isn’t really appropriate unless you’re in a, um, relationship.”
“I think it might be neat to try. You have a very nice ass, Dean. And I’ve been wanting to do unspeakable things to it for quite a while now.”
“Well, choose your favorite one.” Dean smirked. “Come on, there must’ve been something this year—or maybe someone—that really stood out from the rest.”
It was past eight when they finished loading the truck. Dean invited Charlie back for dinner at the farm, but she declined.
“That really wouldn’t be that much for my family.” Castiel wrung his hands together. “Sorry, that didn’t come out right.”
He ripped off Dean’s belt and flung it, clinking and clattering, down the hallway to the kitchen. Before the din faded, Castiel had already forced open the zipper of Dean’s jeans and was tugging down both them and the boxer briefs underneath. Dean lifted his hips to help him.
The nights when Dean sleeps, though, give him and Castiel a chance to talk. They almost never use the chance. Benny tried early on, making conversation. Four, five hours of silence gets pretty uncomfortable when you’re not an angel. For a few days, he quit trying, but it felt all wrong. He’s always been a talker. You can get near anything you want in the world, he’s found, just by talking.
“Dean played this song on his phone when he came over. He didn’t believe me at first when I told him I didn’t know it.”
“Meat lover’s?” Castiel snorted. “Somehow, I had a feeling you’d choose that one. That or pepperoni.”
“‘Dis-moi ce que tu manges: je te dirai ce que tu es.’” Castiel released the backbend, his spine going neutral again. “‘Tell me what you eat; I will tell you what you are.’”
“Quick on the uptake as always. Unfortunately, you had to go and ruin my moment. Or—” the Empty slanted its gaze down and to the left. “Your stupid human did.”
“Anyway,” Dean finally said. “Winchester and Sons has a booth there every year, so I have to be back to do setup, man it when Charlie and Kevin aren’t there, network, all that stuff.”
“Sam and Eileen are in the room.” Castiel pushes under Dean’s belt and helps himself to greedy handfuls of his ass. “I could fly us back to the bunker.”
Someone out for a smoke scanned and held the hall’s front door open for him. Dean tottered to the second floor, reached the third door on the left, and tried to lift the handle. The tray teetered dangerously.
“He’s the Salamander Man of Hockomock Swamp,” Castiel explained. “Everyone knows he doesn’t talk. It said so in that article I showed you, Hannah.”
“Yeah, just a few trivialities.” Castiel reached across the white tablecloth and laid his hand over Dean’s. “I think you should consider it.”
“He’s a guy, and I’m fine with that. So is Sam. And I know you guys would be too, once you got to know him. He wins everyone over. Even the jerks in his family.”
“You’re in Old Town?” Dean said, upon examining the card. “I thought I knew all the bakeries down there.”
“Well, I wouldn’t say that. Something tells me you’ll like my idea. It’s probably something you’ve wanted to do for a while.”
It took Dean a second before he scoffed at that. Castiel could tell from his delayed reaction, his hoarse voice, his slow breathing, that he was tired.
“Really? You might be the first person to think that. On the other hand, there’s still time for you to change your mind. El pueblo unido jamás será vencido!”
Dean looked away, up at the moon through his window. His heart wouldn't stop racing. What kind of lunacy had he fallen prey to in the last 24 hours?
Which obviously wasn’t normal. It was actually a little perverted. Dean was starting to get worried.
There’s a faint glow at the center of the clearing, and Benny clenches the hilt of his sword again. The glow brightens, illuminating Castiel’s face, and Benny lays the weapon down. He can feel the warmth even from here.
“She had a heart condition that was exacerbated by a later-in-life pregnancy. She just got weaker and weaker after I was born. Didn’t even get to see my first birthday.” Castiel shrugged. “It’s why my brothers resent me. Rafe’s said as much. At least they have memories of her.”
Their eyes met again; Castiel shifted in his seat and tilted his head. Dean had meant that he was going for funny, not flirtatious, but he liked the ambiguity in retrospect. It got across what he felt but couldn’t say.
Once he was inside again, he decided to busy himself. He cleaned Crowley’s litterbox; he vacuumed the first floor; he looked through the refrigerator and planned out what he’d cook over the next week. He walked up to Castiel’s room to pull the sheets from the mattress—he’d need fresh ones when he returned, after all. When Dean got to the side of the bed, he drew a deep breath and sat down where he’d been two and a half hours ago, the moment his life changed.
“Let me know when you have some spare time in the next few days. I’d be happy to show you where everything is.”
“If it was just Eliot,” Castiel said, as they crossed the causeway. “Why’d he try to say it was ‘someone’ at first?”
“Don’t know what you’re talking about.” Dean thumbed the hem of his black T-shirt. “I’m just innocently getting ready for bed.”
“Intriguing.” One of Castiel’s tentacles—a delicate one that resembled a wisp of smoke more than a cord of muscle—crept up Dean’s bare chest, coming to rest atop his heartbeat. “I confess, Dean. I’ve met hundreds of sentient specimens across thousands of star systems, and not one of them drew me in as you have.”
Sam rolled his eyes as he backed out of the parking space. “Seriously, Dean, it’s like a reflex at this point. You’re inserting him into every conversation.”
Dean cranked “Black Dog” up high enough that his eardrums hurt all the way to Crowley’s. By the time the bell above the café’s door jingled with his arrival, he’d just about licked his wounds enough to not look pissed off when he ordered his sandwich. Crowley had an annoying habit of asking needling questions when he sensed others’ unhappiness.
Castiel glanced at the novelty Coca-Cola clock above their table. “Shall we walk to the shops? We only have a couple hours before we have to head back.”
After a quick thumbs up, Kevin picked up his messenger bag and walked down the promenade. Dean attended to a young couple who bought two boxes of raspberry tea and a bottle of blueberry syrup, then sat down again to nibble at his sandwich and watch his phone.
“Of course. I just don’t want to be that annoying person who keeps your brother waiting the first time we’re having dinner together.”
“You’ll understand it once you meet the first person you fall for.” Castiel reached for the marmalade. “Then you’ll be in one of those cutesy couples you hate.”
Right then, a loud clang rattled around in the skyphos. It flew a few feet into the air and clattered to the ground. Sam wheezed and stumbled about as the spell’s haze clouded up from the asphalt.
Castiel painstakingly placed 68 candles in the birthday cake, during which Chuck opened his presents. Seemingly by coincidence, he went through them in birth order, which Dean considered a stroke of crap luck. He didn’t see how an out-of-print Bob Seger record could follow a luxury watch, a bottle of whiskey that apparently priced in the five figures, and whatever other ridiculously opulent things Castiel’s brothers had gotten him. And yet, when Chuck reached their gift, he sprang up from the couch at the center of the living room like a little kid.
Dean slid his fingertips inside the elastic of Castiel’s boxers, circled back around to the front. He felt down into the warm, wiry thatch of hair there before pulling out and making short work of Castiel’s belt.
birthday. The fact that he’d said it so casually, so assuredly, had shivers breaking out all over Dean’s back.
The meeting with Mick lasted for nearly an hour and a half. The three of them started by going through the scrapbook of inspirations that Dean and Castiel had pasted together. Somehow, Mick was able to take in stride the whiplash between Dean’s cutouts of firelit hunting lodges and American Craftsman bungalows on one page, and Castiel’s images of Art Nouveau furniture and sun-drenched French farmhouses on the next. All things considered, Dean thought that was pretty promising.
“Alright, let’s get started. I’ll show you how to start the dough; then, we’ll move on to a batch I made earlier that’s ready to go in the oven.”
Castiel nodded into Dean’s shoulder, and Dean stroked his back. Outside the Palladian window, the bare branches of the red oaks swayed in the winter wind.
“I’ve been telling him to do it for years,” Chuck said. “For Jack’s sake, if no one else’s. I’m sure he’d love having the run of the place.”
Dean finished gathering up the ingredients, pushing the refrigerator door closed behind him with his hip. He laid them out on the island and scratched his forehead. Sam was drumming his fingers on the birchwood, and Dean didn’t like the owlish look in his eyes one bit.
“It’s okay. She was my best friend. She helped me so much when I was coming out. And she was the perfect mother to Jack.”
Castiel chuckled along with him, though he knew from Dean’s stories of his childhood that he wasn’t really joking. He’d long wanted to probe Dean’s real feelings about his upbringing, but that was one of the very few things Dean didn’t like talking to him about.
“Well, I assumed we were going out for dinner, so I didn’t expect you to be cooking. I thought you were decorating or wrapping gifts or something.” Castiel peered at the basket on the sideboard. “Oh, we’re going on a picnic?”
“Okay. You don’t have to go swimming. But I want you to get some vitamin D. Maybe the three of us can go on a walk.” Castiel opened the Impala’s back door. “Come on, we’re making Dean late.”
“I don’t think. I know.” Castiel brought his arms around both of them and pulled them close. “I know where I belong.”
“Michael’s a corporate executive, Luke’s a research scientist, Rafe’s an attorney, and Gabe’s a psychiatrist. ‘Homeless shelter manager’ or ‘down east winterizer’ doesn’t really stack up next to that.”
“I was noticing all the little things just now,” Dean said. He set his mug down on the table. “Yesterday, too.”
“Please take our dishes down and return with water for the basin. We should rest before our journey tomorrow.”
Castiel gave him an odd look before turning back to his book. “No matter. It’s the bees I care about.”
Brownish lesions on the leaves—dry, papery centers with rings of yellowing tissue. Dead blossoms. And, on a few of the berries themselves, small grayish-black growths, most of them little larger than the strawberry’s own seeds.
“It’s when one guy licks his tongue around the other guy’s butthole,” Dean said, after a beat. He mimed the action with his tongue. “Sometimes he even sticks it inside.”
Sam started stomping down the stairs, clearing his throat and coughing as he went. Dean rolled his eyes.
“Take it as a compliment. If we’re going by your pop culture tastes, he should be calling you Grandpa instead.”
That man. That young, impossibly beautiful man back in town, with features so perfect that they had to have been crafted by an angel. What was such an ethereal creature doing, walking this flawed and sinful planet that would never be worthy of him? He belonged among the clouds; he belonged—
“Alright.” Castiel watched him walk to the door. “This email won’t take too much longer. Maybe we could watch something on Netflix when you get back.”
Castiel brought his left arm to Sam’s side and pulled him in for a group hug. Sam patted both of their backs.
Dean held up a sheet of paper torn from a yellow legal pad. “I know, Sam. You already wrote it all down.”
“Wait, look at how many likes he has on that post.” Kevin peered at Dean’s phone. “14k? Is he some kind of celebrity?”
“I couldn’t believe you chose me. You just came out of the crowd in that tight white orientation shirt—”
“Yeah, there was some color issue with the ingredients once they were in the bowl. I figured it out eventually.” Sam gobbled up the last of his fries. “I’ll show you my process on Sunday so you can do it yourself. I’m about to get busy again at work.”
Dean flipped up the top pane of the rectangle. Nestled within the soft foam were a camera, a selection of lenses, and a manual in English and Japanese.
“No arguments here.” Dean lightly touched the tentacle on his shoulder. “So, what are you really? You said you’re showing me part of your true form. What’s the whole thing like?”
“I see what you mean by it going with the telescope kit.” Castiel turned to him and sniffed. “I love it.”
“Us night owls are so misunderstood.” Castiel steadied Jack by the shoulder when he wavered on one foot. “It’s a perfectly valid way to be.”
“Dean’s a friend,” Castiel said, as the two of them shook. “Just a good friend. He…doesn’t talk much.”
“Springing that time with Jack on you. I figured if you were both annoyed with me, that’d give you something to talk about.”
Dean cleared his throat and took a step back. The mirror made them look like they were standing closer than they were.
All this points to the larger problem here, which is that this “master argument” is not in fact an argument at all. It is a collection of assertions intended to stifle debate and smuggle in value judgments about who is important and who matters under the respectable guise of continuity and narrative causation. It is contradicted by the show’s own canon (“Swan Song,” more on that later) and deals in the fallacy of determinism—which is a special irony, given the themes of the intellectual property in question.
“And—I mean, was anything out of the ordinary? This is obviously something supernatural. A spell or curse, probably.”
“He adores that kid.” Gabe put his hands on his hips. “It’s amazing how well he’s turned out. If I’d had a son at 17….”
“Eh, it’s not as exciting as it looks. You should visit me more, Dean. I can finally take you around the city properly.”
“Forty minutes,” Dean said, to the question on Sam’s face. “There’s some chips and salsa on the coffee table if you’re hungry.”
“A perv.” Dean threw him the fiercest glare he could manage, considering his utter vulnerability. “Buddy, I’m not sure what you did to get me here, but I’m not interested in satisfying your fetishes. So, how about you let me go right now, and I’ll consider not ganking your ass?”
Dean jogged to the kitchen to check the huckleberries. They were drying in the oven, for which he’d set a timer, but it was good to stir them every half-hour or so. He wished they’d hurry up, but this season’s crop was especially large and juicy.
*I’ve found that about 4 slices of normal sandwich bread yield 3 cups. It’s fine if you have a little more or less.
She took a breath and seemed to be winding up to say something else, but a tourist approached them and asked for help with a group photograph before she could launch into it.
“With current technology, that’s probably only a few years off.” Castiel pointed across the street. “We’ll cut through that park.”
“It’ll be okay,” Castiel repeated. “You know, I hope you’ll fit in my car. It doesn’t have the most headroom.”
“No, I’m just….” Castiel swirled his glass and stared into the vortex. “So, are you—I guess I’m just confused. Are you straight?”
Two hours later, the four of them were gathered in front of the fire: Dean and Castiel on the couch, Sam in one of the armchairs, and Jack on the rug between the coffee table and the fireplace. Almost all the table’s surface was taken up by mugs of hot chocolate and Tupperwares stuffed with Christmas cookies. A vinyl of 1940s holiday music was spinning on the record player; mercifully, Dean had secured Castiel’s promise that this was the last time he’d have to listen to Christmas tunes until next December.
“Makes me think.” Dean shut his eyes again and nestled back into the crook of the sofa. “I bet you haven’t done much manual labor in your life.”
“Not into it. Not really.” Dean finished typing, posted the reply he’d been working on. “I just know from dating apps. Everyone knows their sign on those.”
In the international aisle, Dean picked out a mix of vegan instant noodle bowls, stacking them at the back of the cart. He also grabbed a few pouches of premade curries and a matching number of microwavable rice packets. It looked like C. Novak preferred convenient meals, and Dean couldn’t blame him. After a full workday, the last thing he wanted to do was spend hours in the kitchen cooking up his and Sam’s dinner.
