“Right?” Steve said, looking pleased at the words. “I could have stuck the landing better. It’s just the new armour,” he added modestly, and broke out of Tony’s embrace to indicate the chainmail, before he remembered how Tony had been the one who made it. “It’s nothing. It’s perfect. Thank you.”
Obie had scaled the corporate beanstalk, double-dealing with the enemy to line his pockets. But he wasn’t content with the bag of gold coins. He had his eye on the golden weapons company and the golden goose. And when the goose tried to escape his clutches, he decided to have it slaughtered for all the eggs he could at once. He never thought it would bite, severing the beanstalk and sending him hurtling towards death.
“Who the hell is Bucky?” Tony asked, in time with the confused and devastatingly-beautiful man on the screen.
A second dragon, covered in shimmering purple scales appeared above a sleeping Rex, with his sharp claws raised to strike. “They named him Thanos, because he was created to bring death to the greatest creature who ever lived, to collect prized parts of his body to serve as relics of magic. Knowing that he was no match against the celestial dragon, Thanos plotted to slay Rex in his sleep, so as part of the ultimate revenge, Rex prevented Thanos from getting his hands on them by turning his decaying organs into hundreds of crystals, which rained down on the universe.”
Even lying in bed, he could see the concrete between the gaps, which had strengthened together over the years, allowing the building stones to stand together, tall and proud, to protect all who dwelled within.
“Schellehead!” Steve shouted from below him, drawing Tony’s attention to two dragons with unfamiliar silhouettes, one red, the other silvery blue, slinking away in the direction of Shieldberg.
But bit by bit, Steve, his attractive, sweet, full-of-surprises husband had chipped away at the resentment and awkwardness that came with an arranged marriage and Tony thought he was ready. To move to the next step. To make their marriage real. Tony forgot that a real marriage involved two people who felt the same way. Theirs apparently did not meet the necessary requirements.
He was having a moment, one that was unexpectedly interrupted by Steve. Over the PA system, Steve gave a speech of his own, revealing the truth for what it was.
Tony groaned, bracing himself for the long battle ahead. “I gotta say though. I would kill for some armour right now.”
Three dragons with glossy black scales landed at the bottom of the mounds and transformed into their human forms before making their way up. Tony matched them easily to Strange’s descriptions: Proxima Midnight with her trademark blue skin, Corvus Glaive with his gold horns and Cull Obsidian with his long, sharp fangs.
“Uh- We are. You’ll get your cube back. But what is Phase II?” Tony asked, looking as innocent as he could.
, he could have written a hundred things he despised about the man. But now, he could only remember one.
It wasn’t a replacement, because the original was well and truly gone, buried in the sands of Gulmira, like the person he’d once been. This was a new ring for the person he was now.
With some measure of respect, Thanos studied the king, who was struggling to get to his feet. “They’ve had every opportunity to improve, but there is no room for the weak,” he said.
Knowing glances were exchanged. “I think you’re on to something,” Tony said, seeing from the corner of his eye how Steve was running after them on foot, undeterred by their flying speeds.
Nat the first to react, kissing his forehead before placing her arms around his shoulders. Then, Steve wrapped his arms around hers. Tony couldn’t tell who was next but they were soon part of a massive group hug.
The ride home was quiet, save for the soft sound of tears hitting Tony’s lap. The moment Happy stepped on the brakes, Tony raced upstairs to hide in the sanctuary of his own room.
,” Sam said, and the mention of Captain Carter’s warship raised a few brows. Nat’s eyes, however, stayed on her blade.
Tony tried to focus on the positives of his marriage. Steve allowed him to have a career he loved, even going so far as to bulldoze the obstacles in his way. Steve always made time for him, and found a favourite spot in their workshop so he could watch Tony work.
Steve shuddered as he recalled Tony’s solitary mountain fortress, all cold and uninviting, and felt his face heating up with shame as he reflected on his appalling behaviour.
Steve let out a soft sigh, as his features relaxed into a small smile. “That’s great. I’m so glad. Tony, thank you for giving me a chance.”
Tony shot off after the dracavenome, and his blood boiled with the realisation that those slashes had missed Steve by what felt like a thumb.
Tony bought things for their home: cushions, tablecloths, picture frames. He got himself books he’d been wanting but didn't want to ask his parents for. And because they were on Steve’s list (of pop culture things to catch up on), Tony got him videotapes of the
Morning light filtered through the drapes to bathe Tony in its glow. Amid the strings of pearls and chains of gold neatly laid out on the bed, the dragonstones shone brightly, as they cast streaks of red, yellow, green and blue upon the high domed ceiling.
As Tony turned back to look at him, Steve waved cheerfully, even as the tears began to fill his eyes. Helpless, he could do nothing but watch the love of his life walking away and blurring, fading right in front of him.
“You know, for a man who wants to avoid stress, you picked a hell of a place,” Tony commented, referring to Bruce’s decision to hide in one of the busiest cities in India, a place where he stuck out like a sore thumb.
“Well, what does the beast want?” Sam asked, and wawtched warily as the serpent slithered into sight.
“You know, Tony, when I ordered the hit on you, it pained me to kill the golden goose but you survived to give me one last golden egg. And now, I’m going to kill you with the best weapon you ever made. You had a great idea, but my suit is better in every way.”
The press had made it out to look like an episode of drink driving. But Tony knew his father. He hadn’t had a drop, not since the time he nearly drove their family off a cliff. He hadn’t had a drink in years.
Finally, Steve opened his eyes, blue lights framed by starbursts, and stared blankly at the ceiling. Slowly, they blinked, before stopping to focus the brilliance of a thousand stars on him.
Considering how he’d almost died just a couple of weeks ago, Tony had never felt better. Often, he wondered if his body had absorbed the magic of the six infinity stones, because these days, he felt strong and powerful, and ready to take on the universe.
He traced the scars forming on his chest and the one at the side of his neck, his head and heart heavy with the thought of Steve, miles away. Each time he reached out through the bond, it was flooded with waves of love and longing and increasing levels of distress. So much distress on Steve’s side of the bond.
Tony let out a puff of air and forced himself to take a deep breath. “Home,” he said, “is where I was attacked. Twice. Home is where the
I can't believe we just have two more chapters to go!!! I am mostly happy with the last two chapters, although they still need to be beta-ed and go through rounds of editing. I hope to post this all by mid-February (edit: probably later because I"m really burnt out right now, 9 February 2021)! If you're still reading this, despite my horrible update schedule, you are amazing and I love you! <3
“Slow down, Pete,” Tony cautioned, when Peter expressed a desire to leave without delay. “Thanos is still out there, biding his time. We can’t leave our allies now, not when they need us most.”
“Oh, sorry,” Tony said, as he turned around to stab him on his shoulder. “Funny how annoying a little prick can be, huh?”
The following day began and ended as it usually did, with neither of them bringing up the events of New York, afraid that stirring the dust that had settled would lead to a different battle of epic proportions. So, for weeks, they danced around each other, tiptoed about the issue. But now, Tony knew where Steve firmly stood.
Steve nodded at the sobering reminder. “We have a Hulk,” he said, clasping Tony's hand to reassure him. “A giant falcon and his handler. A couple of master warriors. And we have you,” he finished, with a small smile.
It had been worth a shot, speaking up before forever holding his peace. What was a blow to the head compared to a lifetime of indentured servitude? He’d debated, argued, then begged. Before slamming the table and raising his voice, prompting his father to raise his hand.
“It’s ready, my king,” Bruce said, and held up a small vial in his hand, just as Lord Strange reappeared with King Howard and Queen Maria behind him, wearing hopeful looks on their careworn faces for the first time in days.
“Sorry, Tony,” the boy named Peter apologised, and turned to Steve. “My apologies, your majesty. I don’t mean any offence. I’m a long-time admirer of your work.”
She never had the time to grieve, to mourn her loss. She might have, in private, but in front of Steve, she was always brave and wise and calm.
“When did you get here, Mr Stark?” Fury asked, and Tony nearly jumped out of his seat. “Our pilot said you were a no-show. And, what are you doing? We brought you here to locate the tesseract.”
He downed the beverage and said, “I like this one.” That pushed Tony to refill his cup promptly before the Asgardian could smash it and ask for another.
,” he said, recalling the recent spate of attacks on humanity. “Don’t trust anyone. And please remember that nothing you find can ever bring them back.”
It was a beautiful afternoon and Steve enjoyed the wind in his hair and the sounds of hooves thundering down the pastures, kicking up dirt as budding trees whizzed by them. There were no words between rider and horse, just the occasional squeeze from Steve, answered by gentle swishes of the stallion’s tail.
The young lady replied, “Hen rhinka daor. Issa ia Stark. Issi aegenka smyth. Iksi separ collasi odres.”
“Oh my God. Get a room,” Rhodes groaned, as he appeared from behind them, looking a little too exhausted for someone who was supposed to be firing ballistas from the cliffs.
It had started as a small fire on the ground floor unit of an apartment block, but soon spread to the higher floors, where thin wisps of smoke were billowing out of the half-open windows. Through the tears leaking out of his stinging eyes, Tony studied the flimsy stairs of the fire escape outside the building, which was riddled with loose bolts and stricken by rust. Although the internal stairwell was full of smoke, its structural integrity remained intact, so Tony made up his mind to keep it clear for the safety of escaping residents.
“Fury, Dugan, Falsworth, Morita, Dernier and Jones - It’s the Howlies. They’re always going to fight,” Sam assured him.
“I don’t know,” Tony admitted. “You’re in a relationship with me. “Nothing is ever going to be okay. But if we work on it, I think it could even be good."
The young man ran a hand through his hair to smooth it into a more presentable state as spots of pink appeared on his cheeks. “Thank you.”
“It does. But I guess there are more important things than having offspring. Like providing the best environment for them to thrive in.”
Wanda stumbled backward into her brother’s arms. A soft cry of anguish escaped her lips as her knees hit the marble, with Pietro still holding her, glaring daggers at Tony. Wanda took his hand and pressed it to her forehead to show him what she’d learnt.
His mind circled back to a verse he’d read, two years ago, perhaps on one of the darkest nights of his life.
Sunshine or rain, Steve wished to hold on to Tony’s hand forever as they walked down this journey of life, but they were already moving on to different paths. Part of the journey is the end. All Steve could do was to make the most of what remained of their time together and hope it would be enough.
“Good, good,” Tony said in a soothing voice. “You’re very brave. I’m going to cut these ropes off you. Is that all right?”
Strange was saying something else to him but Steve’s head was already spinning with the empty words that were swirling around him, none of which made any sense.
The write-up claimed that the alternating north-south polarity orientation maximised magnetic field flow, which induced an increase in blood circulation, amongst other health benefits. He had serious doubts about their purported properties, but he appreciated the sentiment, and the fact that they cost $200 apiece. For magnets!
“Clearly, you don’t know our might. Our army grows so massive it shakes the ground and drinks the rivers dry. All we ask from your king, is free passage through your lands. And a simple offering - a token of your submission. We’ll take the traitor,” he said, indicating Nat.
“A very astute observation, sir. Perhaps, if you intend to visit other planets, we should improve the exoskeleton.”
Pepper found out it was Obie who was double-dealing with the terrorists, allowing them to own his weapons, the ones who nearly killed him. And he tried to make sure of that, by hiring Raza to take him out. And when that failed, he literally pulled the plug on him, ripping out his arc reactor to power the Iron Monger suit.
Steve had volunteered, of course, because what kind of monster wouldn’t let the most powerful mages in the realm experiment on him to save the man he loved?
. The words echoed in his ears and rang of promise. For the prince to put aside his freedom for his people, it was no wonder that they adored him.
“Good. Push the engine control panel back in. This thing won’t reengage without a jump. I have to get in there and push.”
Steve was already dressed, and he urged Tony to follow suit by tossing his clothes at him. “Come on,” he said, his shield already on his arm.
Tony shut his eyes in an attempt to drift off but his head and his body refused to cooperate. His mind was racing with nagging doubts. And his body. Just what was going on with his body?
Steve only tightened his grip. “Everyone is supper. Even the dead basilisk will find itself devoured. It’s the circle of life. The predator becomes the prey and the prey the predator.”
“I don’t need an answer right away,” Tony forced himself to say. “Although we do need to set aside time to apply for a marriage license and file the papers somewhere. I’m just expressing a desire to court you, formally, with the intention of marriage. It doesn’t even have to be right now, but sometime soon – preferably within the next three months – or month – or week. But for now, just courting. I want to take you dancing and to the theatre and all of the shops.”
Through Steve’s clear, blue eyes, Tony could almost see the gears turning inside his head to weaken his steely resolve.
Steve smiled mysteriously as he fished for something in his canvas satchel. “Are you hungry?” he asked, and Tony could have sworn he was biting down on his lower lip to suppress some sort of giggle. “I – uh – I made this.”
“No,” he protested, careful not to antagonise her, well aware of her iron grip round Steve’s neck. “Ironclaw was a gift,” he said as delicately as he could.
“The dragon circled the frightened little boy, and brandished his sharp talons in his terrified boy's face. From his mouth emerged a fearsome roar, his breath a stream of flames. The poor child could only stare helplessly at the danger, rooted to the ground, scared out of his wits.”
Tony frowned, his eyebrows furrowed in confusion. “Is this an omega thing? SHIELD has an issue with my gender?”
Steve stared down at the loaf on his lap. “I don’t do this to be rude, if that’s what you’re asking. I just want to be upfront about who I am. And if that turns people away, then that’s just too bad.” He sighed heavily. “Though now that I’m older, Mother has taken to worrying about my prospects or the lack of them. I don't care about that. I just don't want her to worry about me being bonded to an alcoholic, abusive, knot-headed louse.”
“Oh,” Steve said, and felt all the air leaving his body as he watched Tony’s face closely for signs of movement, desperate to see how the fight progressed.
“Lillian. Lip piercing, right?” she asked, raising one plucked, grey brow. “I gotta say, she’s attractive. And the metal is a draw.”
The princess had created a telepathic connection with her people, and was already using it to brief them on the routes of evacuation towards the Fangthorn Forest, where they would wait in safety for the siege to be over.
Contrary to the unsavoury rumours that swirled around him, Tony was no philanderer. He was a romantic – the very sort who believed in true love and soulmates that set fire to your soul, and he wasn’t going to settle for less than that. His own Lizzy Bennet was out there waiting for him, and if he had to go through hundreds of unremarkable dates or engagements or whatchamacallits just to find them, he would.
Tony looked at him in surprise, and his eyes widened to show the little flecks of gold in them. “Hay!” he exclaimed, before going back to counting numbers off his fingers. “Two hundred bales. That should do the trick.”
The grasp around his neck loosened, and he fell to the floor. Bracing himself, Tony sucked in a lungful of air, and gasped desperately to fill his starving lungs with the oxygen he needed.
“Ah-hahaha! Puny baddies! You guys doomed now!” the Hulk called out gleefully to Proxima Midnight, as her undead warriors began to falter, thus leaving the Anguisians with a small army of trolls and stone-giants to continue the attack.
Still, he continued to resist. Tony filled his head with stray thoughts of golden hair, dazzling blue eyes, velvety soft lips and fair skin that blushed most prettily when the right words were said.
Bucky, to Steve, was the sun, warm, giving and full of life. He, in contrast, was the much-smaller moon, a mere reflection of the sun’s light yet invisible in its presence.
A pair of hot, burning arms enveloped him and he gasped, struggling to break free. He didn’t even need to turn his head to know who'd joined him.
As always, this is heavily inspired by a number of books / films - mainly Lord of the Rings, Harry Potter, A Song of Ice and Fire (Dragonrocke = Dragonstone LOL) and of course, the Avengers. :D
It had taken him a while, almost a year, to get there. In that time, he learnt to manage his anxiety, to drift with the current, trusting his ability to find his way back to shore.
Tony found himself smiling weakly. “Then, stay,” he said, “Tesaurimea – my treasure. It’s always been you.”
The Howling Commandos remained at their posts, and patrolled the eastern coast vigilantly as they watched for enemy movement. With Sam’s birds flying over the Jewelled Sea multiple times a day, Rhodey and Peter had elected to monitor the southern coast, which left Tony with the west.
Steve jerked away, and his lips connected with the swell of the prince’s cheek. Gold eyes flew open as Prince Anthony touched the side of his face as his lips spread into a smile. His large, expressive eyes crinkled up and he threw his head back in a laugh.
Wanda raised her arm to cut him off, the look in her eyes turning hard with resolve. “Howard Stark took my father from me,” she said, as she levelled her gaze at Tony. “And today, I will take everything from him.”
“Next project – a robot that cooks,” Tony announced, stirring the broth carefully so he wouldn’t spill a drop on the pristine kitchen counter. He’d followed his mother’s recipes to the letter. Food would be ready in half an hour, exactly when his parents were due to arrive.
It was covered in blood, probably belonging to Georges Batroc. He’d heard the rumours. That guy had a rep for maximum casualties. It was no wonder Steve had been so pissed coming home from that mission.
He was going for the head, but a blast from the air-conditioning slowed it down, mid-hurtle, such that it hung limply in the air before falling to the ground. Like a dud.
Bruce made a soft, scoffing sound. “Thought you and Tony were still staring at each other’s eyes,” he teased.
Caught in a snowstorm of Rhodey’s doing, the dragoness was thankfully kept from attacking them again. Peter’s tail was holding her in place and a fuming Midnight could only watch as her dark blue scales turned grey, then white as frost spread quickly to cover her body and wings.
Tony suited up with a quick tap, hurrying to Steve’s side. They switched around, alternating attack and defence as they teamed up on Killian. But regardless of what they did, Killian just wouldn’t die. Or quit.
“We don’t decide for others – no. But Bruce,” he said, his voice pleading now. “This is my choice. Tony is the chosen one and I’m just – me.”
Tony stiffened. “This – it stays on. Okay?” he asked. It was important it did, for he couldn’t control his powers without it, and he had no wish to hurt Steve.
Tony felt the corners of his lips moving upwards, like Steve’s. “It seems like you were some sort of a late bloomer. But everyone seems to love you anyway.”
It worked - his ploy to keep Tony distracted and away from the Basilisk, but Steve hadn't expected to miss the moment when Nat drove her spear into the roof of the basilisk’s mouth, thus wounding it grievously. In response, the serpent let out a furious hiss and his jaw clamped down on Nat's arm, trapping it in his mouth.
Then, they assembled, a bunch of misfits, in their suits, circling around Steve like the planets. “You know your teams. You know your missions. No mistakes, no do-overs. Be careful. Look out for each other. This is the fight of our lives. And we’re going to win. Whatever it takes. Good luck.”
Tony was going to make himself pancakes. Then he decided to make some for Steve. It was the polite and practical thing to do. Steve wasn’t the enemy but a potential ally. Tony flipped the blueberry pancakes over a heated pan till they were golden brown. And then, he’d plated them with honey, lots of cream and the finesse of a dessert chef.
. There was also a drameleon, one of those elusive colour-changing, shape-shifting dragons who were either extinct or thriving, depending on whom you asked. The last of the dragons was the least distinctive. Yet, something about the arch of its back and the graceful drop of its tail made it impossible to look away from.
Tony retrieved a fire extinguisher from its case near the bottom step, and began to douse the flames. Armed with fire extinguishers, a couple of volunteers joined Tony as they made their way up the staircase to clear the hazards obstructing the safe evacuation of trapped residents. Those who arrived empty-handed were directed to raid the nearby buildings for additional firefighting equipment like the smaller aerosol extinguishers or whatever else they could get their hands on.
He hadn’t had those nightmares in a while, if one could even call them that. He never knew where the dreams ended and the memories began, the lines blurring with the years that had passed.
If you liked the story, please consider leaving a comment to let me know what you think! I’m trying to grow as a writer so your feedback is really helpful!
“And why not? Got something against omegas?” he countered. “Because I thought, you, Steve from Paramus, would know what it’s like to have doors close in your face.”
“What the hell?” Bucky muttered as he took in the scale of the attack, his mouth falling open at the troops charging in their direction.
“You know, Tony? When I looked out over the city that night that I waited for you on the rooftop, nobody knew I was there. Nobody could see me. No one was even looking. I had a thought that would guide me for years to come. Anonymity, Tony. Thanks to you, it’s been my mantra. You rule from behind the scenes. Because once you give the people a face, you hand them a target. And I see that you’ve learnt how wonderful it is, to hide, to wait, until it’s the right time.”
Despite their valiant efforts, the berserkers kept coming incessantly, and the Valorians were in danger of being overrun. The undead warriors fought in a trance, immune to fear and pain, unafraid of death, oblivious to the struggles of mere mortals.
Steve shrugged, downcast. “I’m good. Thankful that the only person who doesn’t hate me right now is you.”
“What does it look like?” Steve asked, and schooled his face into a neutral expression despite the sinking feeling in his stomach.
Steve recognised the label from his time with Lord Erskine. For centuries, the Erskines had safeguarded dragontears, believed to be the tears of Rex himself that had rained down on the night of his passing. The Erskines had had the foresight to collect as much as their receptacles could hold, and after sharing it sparingly with trusted mages like the Ancient One, who must have given some to Strange, they kept the rest for themselves, passing it down from one generation to the next.
“Yes,” Thanos said, as he raised his hands to show them the five different-coloured stones, now glowing on his fingers.
It was wonderful and fantastic and Steve had never felt more out of place - an ordinary mortal in the midst of all that magic. It was no wonder Tony never came home. The temple was exactly the sort of place that would hold his attention for hours on end.
Alone in the workshop, Tony stepped into the grid so his robots could do their magic. He tapped his foot impatiently, feeling like a toddler being dressed by the help. At the rate it was going, Steve and Nat would be done by the time he got the suit on.
They were on their way to SI for a board meeting when Miss Everhart, a young reporter, went too far, or too near, getting into Tony’s face and asking him about being the “Merchant of Death”. Steve stepped in, physically shielding him from a barrage of other vaguely-insulting names (
What was he thinking? Telling Steve that all his special qualities came from a bottle. It was a pathetic insult. And what was worse, was that it wasn’t even true.
He was jolted by the sight of Steve holding something he wasn’t meant to see. “Is this - Iron Man’s gauntlet?” Steve asked.
The suit was fully charged and Steve could do it all day. But Killian was getting more and more fiery by the second, putting themselves and the occupants of the building in grave danger.
Drums pounded incessantly. It was the point – for the enemy to think they were under attack. The arrows came so fast and furious that the barges soon began tilting to one side.
“I know,” Killian said, rifling through the trolley to find his backpack. “Big bad alpha does. He took your suit, and here you are, like a good little boy, bringing him this?” he said, pulling the shield out. “I told you, Tony. I would have given you the world.”
Sam addressed the group. “Twenty ships. Just outside the Bay of Asterica. They make one last stop at Liberta. We have ten days, tops.”
“I had to let her go,” he informed him with a sigh. “Last summer, I caught her pocketing the good spoons.”
was launching in three days. The Winter Soldier was out there. Hammer’s drones could present a threat. But they were going to beat them. Together. They wouldn’t lose. But in the unlikely event that they did, they’d do it together too.
“No, I don’t!” the Winter Soldier shouted, releasing his neck to punch his right eye with the metal hand.
“Steve?” the dragon asked, as he appeared by his side, his eyes growing wide at the sight of his scraped knees. “You’re hurt.”
“No, you’re not,” Steve agreed. His voice was quiet, contemplative. “Sometimes, I forget how far you’ve come. You aren’t the fearful boy I married, the one hid his tools in his underwear drawer and never looked at me.”
A physical assessment detected multiple contusions and broken ribs. But that wasn’t all they broke. Attempting to unplug the medical equipment hooked up to him, he found a series of cables connected to his chest. Not his chest, but something in it.
“You won’t,” Tony said, confidently. “But if you catch me,” he added, biting down on his bottom lip. “You can have anything you want.”
Finally, it was a jet of fire to his midsection that brought Tony to his knees. He tried to get a last shot in, but the emperor surged forward, and easily avoided Tony’s fire to wrap his large claws around Tony’s neck.
Steve’s arms went around his body as he guided Tony on using the telescope mounted to the parapet. Taking turns to peer inside, they admired the bright orange star at the base of what looked like a kite, which marked out the
While Tony’s life came to a standstill, the world around him continued to spin. And avenging was one thing that could not wait. After a quiet month, Steve had to leave for a mission, one which would take him away from New York for a week.
Tony barely even glanced at it. He shook his head, and held on to Steve’s hand. “I don’t want to go.”
“This is my bedroom,” the captain explained, pointing to one of many white doors. “And you can have any other one you like.”
Finally, he tried listing the numbers in the Fibonacci sequence: 0, 1, 1, 2, 3, 5, 8, 13, 21, 34, 55, 89, 144, 233, 377, 610, 987, 1597, 2584, 4181, 6765, 10946...
“I must say,” Jarvis began, a dark look clouding his face. “There have been a few things troubling me about your parents’
This turned out to be close to 50,000 words. It's not a long story by any means but it took me a long time, nine whole months OMG, to write it. That's close to the gestational period of a baby by the way. It truly got harder and harder as it developed, but here she is (finally). >_<. I hope she's okay.
Thanos’ ringed claw was around Steve’s neck before Tony could get to him, hurling him across the room and into a blackstone pillar, which he slammed into headfirst with a sickening thud.
“Yes, of course. Why wouldn’t I be? It’s just my parents. Coming over. For the first time. To judge me. And my homemaking. Which is good. Right? Am I doing okay?”
The monster slithered after Tony, with his forked tongue darting out and dripping venom onto the ship. It closed on Tony, rearing his head back as if poised to strike, but Steve slammed his shield against the back of the beast’s head, and dragged Tony around the corner.
The grief surged within him and overflowed as hot tears. They rolled off the sides of his cheeks and onto the ground, mixing with the rain before they disappeared into the soil. Through the tears, he could still see the deep gash against the trunk filling up quickly with red sap.
Then Rhodey’s voice came in his ear, speaking so loudly that Steve could hear him. “Tony, come in. Our cover has been blown. Like literally. Into a ball of flames. You and Cap need to get out of there ASAP.”
Tony frowned at the words coming out of her mouth, making sense on their own but mystifying when put together.
The emperor, glowing with rage, swung his arms back and hit Steve on his head, grazing the sides of his face with his rings, leaving streaks of blood running down his cheek.
Through the billowing smoke, Tony could make out the stone arches of Rockehenge and the leafy tops of the Conewood Forest just beyond, and they stirred up memories that caused his heart to clench painfully in his chest.
because I mean, that’s more me, right? And oh and yay! We’re here,” Tony said drily, as he picked up one of the lanterns they’d left at the entrance.
Tony held his breath and braced himself for the worst, but held out for a miracle, which arrived in the form of a blue bubble surrounding Steve that slowed his descent just enough for Tony to slide under the falling king. The bubble burst and Steve, who had righted himself by then, landed nicely on Tony’s back, which strained joyfully under his glorious weight.
“I don’t know,” Peter said, as he turned around to peek at Steve from over the rocks. “I’m not sure he ever was.”
Sorry this took so long! It was initially a 10,000-word chapter that took me forever to edit. I've decided to split it up now. The second part is almost done so I hope to post it soon-ish. I'm really sorry for how long this is taking. I really am trying my best but it's just super hard to write. Thank you so much for being so patient! <3
There was the light prick of the quill on the inside of his elbow, which sent poison searing through his veins toward his chest and the rest of his body. Steve squeezed his eyes shut and focused on his breathing, doing his best to ignore the nausea pooling in his belly.
He rolled over, burying his face where Steve’s head had been, inhaling deeply and filling up with his mate’s scent. But it wasn’t enough. He propped himself up and tried to find his footing. His body sparked painfully in protest but he ignored it. He needed to be where Steve was. He took deep breaths to still his racing heart and then the quinjet seemed to tilt and spin around him. His vision began to get dark.
Steve had never referred to him by that name, so Tony was surprised the first time he’d heard it, in the recordings of that highway fight.
Tony sucked in a deep breath down his dry throat. Gripping the atomiser tightly, he considered taking a puff himself. Asthma was apparently contagious, because it was his turn to be out of breath, and his heart was fluttering uselessly while his brain were wracked for an appropriate response.
Tony cursed himself for leaving it out. They were having a moment, and now it was going to be ruined. “Uh - It’s a replica,” he said, casually. “Looks just like the real thing, huh?”
When Tony bumped into a column for the third time, he’d had just about enough. “Oh Father, forgive me,” he mumbled as he pulled the medallion off his head, keeping it tucked safely behind Tyranaksthon’s plaque.
She nodded, tightening the bowtie around his collar, like a noose around the neck, sealing his fate.
With these words, the firefighters were off, leaving the young hero in Tony's terrified hands. The smaller man was breathing, but barely, and his face was worryingly pale. Tony lowere him gently onto the ground. “What’s wrong?” he asked.
“Is that – Is that a giant bird?” he asked, as he gaped. “Oh my God. That is a giant falcon,” he said. “How nice it is to fly,” Tony mused enviously as Sam climbed onto Redwing.
Most of the shrapnel had been removed but bits of them were embedded in his heart. An electromagnet prevented the metal from moving towards his atrial septum and killing him.
“Heal them?” Tony scoffed, glowering at Killian. “He turned them into living, breathing balls of fire. Father was right to condemn him. It was a shame he escaped.”
Steve laughed and was tempted to kiss his adorable pout. “I can’t lose you,” he admitted, going for his forehead instead.
“Hiding,” Wanda answered and pointed in the direction of Dragonrocke, with her eyes fixed to the highest tower of the blackstone fortress, “as cowards often do.”
Tony’s head felt light and dizzy and his vision began to blur before whiting out. Unable to inhale or exhale, he was prevented from using
Happy knew what Tony was doing, of course. But he’d known Tony since he was a boy. He’d never sell him out to Steve. Neither would he attempt to stop him. And with the tools he’d slowly put together and kept hidden in his closet, Tony began working on his own super-secret projects whenever Steve left the home for extended periods of time.
Oddly, Tony could hear the sounds of blowing wind and a quick rap of his knuckles against those heavy wooden shelves revealed that the wall behind them wasn’t as solid as it looked. Tony ran his fingers across the spines of the books, and imagined Steve doing the same as a child as he embarked on his own little treasure hunt. “Please be a secret door, please be a secret door, please be a secret door,” he mumbled.
Tony roared loudly in a lively rejoinder and sent a jet of fire toward the sky, and it caused the spectators to erupt in boisterous cheers.
And Tony was still sobbing into his shoulder, oblivious to the inferno rising around them.  He was burning, with his skin was red and hot all over and Steve thought he saw a trickle of smoke escaping from his nose and mouth.  Steve pulled away, and placed the back of his hand against Tony’s burning cheek.
Tony scurried about the living room, berating DUM-E, his robot child, as he performed a myriad of household chores.
“Yeah. But I’m warning you. You pull something like that on me ever again, I’ll be out of your life in a heartbeat. You understand?”
Tony flew around the side of the ship, desperate to beat Steve back to the room. He powered down and stripped. Then burst out of his room to go to thes other one. The door flew outwards, and a very distressed captain came bounding out.
“Your majesty,” he said cordially, trying his best not to panic when he discovered himself alone in his hour of need, now that his traitorous friends having deserted him in a hurry.
Tony laughed, and pulled his love close, threading a hand through that pretty gold head so he could gaze into his brilliant blue eyes. “You know what?” he murmured, with a heart so full he thought it would burst. “I think I’ve got everything I need.”
When Tony came to, some moments later, his brown eyes were bright and clear.  He blinked several times, as he looked dazedly at the large group of people surrounding the bed, his eyes growing soft upon finding Steve.
He barely spoke to Captain Rogers all day. Conversation in the car was minimal and Tony’s eyes were steadfastly riveted to the changing sights outside his window. But there was no avoiding the unavoidable now.
“Then let me take you away. The smoke must be making it worse,” he said, ignoring the weak protests as he heaved the other man onto his back. “I’ve got a car nearby.”
“What? Guy has a family. I need to keep him safe, you know?” Tony said, explaining his obsession with constantly improving the armour.
Steve smiled, pleased to see him. “I did the required reading. Had some free time yesterday.” He pulled Tony onto his lap, so the omega could straddle his (amazing) thighs and rest his head on his (incredible) shoulder. He whispered in his ear, “I’m sorry about Coney Island, sweetheart. But you know, saving-the-world comes first.”
The battle raged on the Gladioli Fields as brave warriors put up a strong fight, even though the enemy's large numbers had forced them to break formation. They were surrounded by chaos, trapped in an all-encompassing disaster of epic proportions and all Tony could think about was —
“Please tell me you’re not talking about last night," Steve sighed, disbelieving. "You were drugged. I didn’t want our first time to be like that.”
There were suggestions for castle upgrades and lengthy debates over the allocation of bedrooms. Tony was volunteering to supervise the building of a new garden and Peter was promising to help, between planned fishing trips to Lake Crystallo and rafting expeditions along the Rauros Falls.
An ache in his lower belly reminded him that he’d forgotten to take his suppressants for what had to be the third time that week. So, Tony swallowed two at once, hoping to make up for the missed doses.
Killian calmly placed his hand on Steve’s throat, and slammed him on the ground. He sat astride Steve’s torso, keeping his hand on Steve’s throat, which glowed with heat. “Take off the suit,” Killian said. “Take it off if you want to hear his voice again.”
. They were making good process on the whole, although once in a while, some members, the semi-stable seventy-five-year-old ones, tended to regress.
Jarvis rolled up his sleeves, to put on the kettle and spill the tea. “It wasn’t her first time. She started with the small things, and thereafter got bolder. She’d literally put the silver spoons in her pocket. I can’t imagine what she was thinking.”
His white pawn reached the eighth rank, and Tony promoted it to a queen, prompting a quick exchange of glances between his opponent and his wife. It’s a blunder. One that someone like him shouldn’t have made.
“Hey, Schellehead, what now?” Peter asked, as he desperately tried to keep the struggling dragon from moving.
. Surely, it required more magic than all the stones his treasure chest could hold. And his hoard was already enormous, a big problem he’d have to sleep on for now. Grunting with effort, Tony heaved the chest under the bed and had almost got it out of the way before the interruption.
“I will look into that once my decryption program finishes breaking into SHIELD’s secure files,” Tony assured him. “In a few hours, we’ll know every secret SHIELD has tried to hide.”
“For years, your people have forged our freedom in the fires of war. Armestria will no longer watch from the shadows. Together, we will rise and face the monster that shrouds us in darkness. You have our weaponry. You have our cavalry. And, soon, you’ll have the best of us. Anthony, he’s...”
The whole time they had been together, Steve had been guided by a singular thought - to be the very best for Tony, to make him the happiest person on Earth, but now he knew - that even his best would never be enough.
They glided over the boggy marshes and through the briar thickets, taking care to avoid their stabbing thorns and hooked barbs, before coming up on Dragonrocke and its towering walls of blackstone that went for miles around, like a nest of dragons in various states of unrest.
At this realisation, his stomach dropped, sudden and sickening, and he was running before he could hear the words he was leaving behind.
. So, here is the antidote, courtesy of Bruce,” he said, brandishing the syringe in his hand, before swiping his arms with some alcohol swabs.
“Nobody knows how to be a parent, Tony. Your dad and I pieced it together as we went along. But you will figure it out because you are incredible. And also a genius.”
“Anthony Stark,” Ivan hissed, sticking out his tongue in greeting, before he swung his long tail, cracking it sharply against the ground, creating sparks. “You come from a family of murderers and thieves. Today, I will rewrite the true history of the Stark name with your freshly-spilled blood.”
“Dad used to say that the moment you think you know what’s going on in a woman’s head, is when your goose is well and truly cooked.”
A sad smile sat on the king’s lips. “I love him,” he said, and when he opened his eyes, welling up with sentiment, Tony could see that it was the truth.
“That it would be, but Thanos already has an iristone of his own, so he will not be seeking this out. Besides, you are the chosen one. The stones are drawn to one another. Each stone you add to your collection increases your chances of finding the next. Have you not yet realised how quickly they’ve been turning up in recent weeks?”
As far as dragons went, it was medium-sized, with disproportionately large wings for long-distance flight. Its silver scales gleamed under the evening light, and its eyes and horns glowed a brilliant blue, illuminating the rest of its face, so they could make out its snout, which opened to let out a stream of mist directly at Tony’s barge to douse the growing flames.
He examined the fruit between his fingers before popping it into his mouth. “I’m impressed,” he said, before having another. “Thought these only grew where it's cold.”
Steve, who'd somehow managed to recover and rise to his feet, was already charging at Thanos, sliding under the titan’s arm and turning back around to land a punch on Thanos’ gut and another on his chin. When the emperor stumbled backward with the impact, Steve grabbed his right fist.
Steve smiled. “All right, listen up. Keep the tentacles off the ship. Clint, I want you on the main mast. Call out patterns and strays. Tony, go with him. The rest form two lines facing out. Any of these arms come to the surface, shoot or punch them. Arrows and spears. And fists. No blades,” he said.
“The fact that he has his eye on Valoria, indicates that the stone he seeks might be here. Might you by any chance know something of it?”  Loki asked, as he turned to Steve for an answer.
“Ye- Yes” Tony replied, just before he got hit by painful cramps from deep within his belly. And the slick.
“What’s wrong?” Tony asked. “Trouble fitting in?” he added as he eyed Obie’s enormous wings. “Should have gone easy on all the meat,” he added, while looking pointedly at the dragon’s wide girth.
While waiting, Steve stole a few glances at the prince, in his royal dress, crown on his head. No. This was no man of war. The prince belonged on a throne of plush velvet, where he would be handfed grapes and wine.
The prince made his way toward the party, closely followed by his knight and a younger-looking page. He stopped in front of Steve and flashed him a smile, his full lips parting to reveal a row of dazzling teeth. Steve stopped dead for a long moment, unable to move. It was only when Prince Anthony pressed his hands together to offer a bow that he snapped into action and touched the prince lightly to stop him. “We don’t do that anymore,” Steve explained.
He let out a quiet huff before taking his place at the stove, stirring up a gentle whirlpool. The contents of a broken egg were emptied inside and it didn’t take long before the clear liquid surrounding the yolk turned white. Serving the poached egg in a bowl, he presented it to Jarvis.
“Yeah. Even when I had nothing, I had Bucky,” Steve explained, as the shade from the trees overshadowed his bright smile. The flowers scented bitter. The berries tasted sour. And Tony began to feel cold. It was a strange, unwelcome emotion that had taken root in his heart. He wrenched at it, trying to pull it out, but the seed had been planted.
Steve didn’t seem to hear the question. “That man on the bridge – I knew him,” he quietly told him instead.
“Look, whoever he used to be, the guy he is now. I don’t think he’s the kind you save. He’s the kind you stop,” Bruce pointed out.
Peter, a really excellent flier, managed to avoid getting caught in Ivan’s squalls. Instead, he led Ivan toward the towering columns of stone rising from above the sea, effortlessly manoeuvring through the tight spaces under arches and between columns. His compact and nimble body allowed him to fly circles round the larger dragon, who was beginning to tire and slow down.
“Thank you,” he said instead. "I thought - I thought you were going to end this. I thought it was going to be my last time talking to you."
“Ten minutes,” Steve said, looking increasingly uneasy by the second. “Oh God. What are we going to do for ten minutes?”
“Guys! Get him to open his mouth. I know just what to do!” Tony shouted, as he srambled toward the monster.
The words escaped before he could stop them. “Fury, you son of a bitch,” he said as a surprised hand flew up to cover his trap.
By the time they landed within the inner walls of Shieldberg, the sun was beginning to set and a cold wind had started to blow. While there was still no sign of the enemy, Tony was certain they were inside the citadel.
“Kraken!” Clint shouted, and his scream was drowned out by the roar of the beast. Mayhem resumed as warriors hurried to their stations to free the boat from its icy moat, with the braver ones firing arrows into the monster’s mouth. They were out of their league, exhausted by their efforts to battle the monsters from the depths of the ocean - an army of leviathans, a basilisk and now, a kraken.
“Someone will have to fill me in,” Tony decided. “But first – I’m starving,” Tony informed them, before providing them with a wishlist of food and drink. “Shieldberger first,” he added, shouting over the din of cheerful people hurrying around to fetch Tony whatever his heart desired.
“I don’t understand,” Steve said in a soft voice. “Why would he tell you that? He never even told me he knew you,” he added, his mouth tight.
He made his way to the horses and offered the juiciest apple from his satchel to his noble steed, before distributing the rest. For a while, he sat on the grass, content to watch the horses munching on their treats. After years of faithful service, Nomad was enjoying a well-deserved retirement. Steve had recently acquired Star, a brown stallion with an easy-going temperament and a diamond mark on his forehead, to take his place. Star nuzzled his nose into Steve’s chest and allowed him to stroke his glossy mane. Steve would do it for hours if he could, loving how it felt between his fingers.
Pausing in front of a side table, Steve noticed the typical tools for alchemy: a crucible, a mortar and pestle, a retort for the distillation of liquids. A number of canisters sat on the shelves, containing common ingredients for the making potions, but one of the bottles stood out to him, with its label clearly displayed around its neck - L
Tony followed Natasha to Iron Man’s room, conveniently located opposite his quarters with Steve. Tony stripped out of his armour and fluffed his hair. Then, he skipped along the corridors, asking for directions, before one of the techs kindly directed him to a laboratory where Steve and Bruce were deep in discussion.
A wistful smile tugged at the corners of his lips. At least he was keeping both the kids in the divorce. But judging from the condition of the penthouse, they might have to stay with Steve for a while.
“For you,” Steve said, and he had meant to return it, which was why he did everything he could to ensure their paths would cross once again.
“No more false faces, Tony. You want the Mandarin? You’re looking right at him. It was always me. Right from the start. I am the Mandarin!” Killian roared as he towered over Tony in an attempt to scare him back.
“We have the base formula but are still working on the glitches. Imagine hacking into the hard drive of any living organism and recoding its DNA.”
The shield glowed, even as it returned to Steve’s hand. “It’s never done this before,” Steve breathed, as his eyes went wide with wonder.
“I can help,” Tony said, and remembered that a dragon’s saliva could heal wounds. Picking up Steve’s arm with one of his forelimbs, he studied it closely before turning his gaze back to Steve. “I’m going to heal you. Is that all right?” he asked.
From the trees, a robin chirped merrily while squirrels gathered acorns under the oak. Surrounded by all this beauty, something ugly bloomed in his heart. “Bucky?” he repeated, his voice strained.
Having spent almost all their waking moments soaring the skies as they practised every manoeuvre they could think of, Tony had come to memorise each shift of his rider’s body – when he would launch his shield and where would catch it.
Tony got to his feet, not needing to be asked twice. “Our young hero looked around for the threat, as his mind whirred with questions, which were promptly answered by a thunderous roar from the skies,” he said, looking skywards as he imagined Steve to have done.
Abruptly, Steve dropped his gaze. “Sorry about the outburst. You have to stop me. I know I’ve got quite the mouth.”
He turned his back to him, marching away with long, purposeful strides. It’s the final blow, the twist of a bayonet. Because no alpha, not even the bravest and strongest, could stand to see their omega walking away from them, the way he was.
At the sound of a throat being cleared, he looked up to find Prince Anthony staring down at him. There was a bright smile on his face, but the wet lashes and the hastily-brushed tear tracks on his cheeks did not go unnoticed. “Greetings, your majesty. For years, I've longed to meet you in person. I've heard so much about you - The Super Warrior, Living Legend, Symbol to the Kingdom, Hero to the World,” Tony recited, pausing to take a quick breath. “Forever may you reign.”
It had been at least ten years since the last time it glowed. Apparently, shielding him from Thanos’ attack had depleted the stone of its magic, but just as the Sorcerer Supreme had explained, the stone had slowly absorbed magic from its surroundings, and had begun glowing again recently as it regained its magical properties.
“I think- I should go-” Tony whispered, beginning to feel uncomfortable. “Steve will be looking for me.”
He found Steve back in their room, sitting on the edge of their bed. He was staring at something outside their window. His gaze was faraway, distant. He didn't even look up as Tony entered the room.
It was only four in the morning, and he was getting up. There was so much to be done. And Tony had a feeling that time was running out.
Thor frequently brought him gifts- technology from a planet where Science and magic were one and the same. Over copious amounts of cup-breakingly good coffee and boxes of pop-tarts, the oldest and youngest member of the pack traded folk tales and children's stories. Then, he graciously let Tony beat him at
He took her hand, dragging her towards the communal kitchen, hoping a good talk was all it would take for her to discard the burned-up boosters holding her back.
Young leaves and flower buds had only just begun sprouting on the dormant trees, but warm winds would one day graze their shores, and lift the golden-brown leaves from their branches and onto the ground, where they would inevitably be buried under fresh snow.
The source of the ruby’s magic was a drop of celestial dragon blood, said to provide its wearer with the power of fire. Other stones that formed from fangs, scales or other organs bestowed different powers on their wearers. And there was a belief that successfully collecting one of the six different stones would grant the collector a single wish.
When the birthday candles had been blown out and they’d had their cake, they’d raced upstairs for the rooftop, where his birthday gift was set up.
The mountain herself was beautiful. Evergreens had begun to trade their white coats for green robes. Blankets of frost had melted into streams, and their watery percussion was the perfect accompaniment to the songs of courting birds.
Tony’s eyes widened, then narrowed, as he realised what his husband was trying to do. “Well, you can forget it,” he snapped. I am Iron Man. The suit and I are one. To turn over the Iron Man suit would be to turn over myself which is tantamount to indentured servitude in New Jersey or prostitution in New York. You. Can’t. Have. It,” he said.
“Tony!” Steve shouted, his clammy palms almost letting go of the spear when he spotted a tentacle curling around the prince and lifting his motionless body toward the monster’s mouth.
His mother sighed softly as she smoothed a hand over his windswept hair, letting it come to rest against his cheek. “This isn’t the same,” she said in a voice laced with concern. “Steve, this is your life. This is your happiness.”
“What did he tell you?” Tony asked, looking sideways at Steve, who was smiling affectionately at the former Russian spy.
Steve looked as though he was about to insult the emperor, so Tony beat him to it. “We’ve seen the gods,” Tony said, and thought of the venerable Thor and his spectacular storms. “And Chinny McChinface is nothing like them.”
After that, they got him settled into his old room at his parents’ home. In bed, he reviewed the messages on his
“You know what? We should get together and hash it out,” Tony said coolly, despite being unsettled by Ivan’s baffling claims. He’d never known of any feud between the Anguisian royal family and his. Yet, the prince sounded wholly convinced in his assertions.
, if you want to call them that,” Clint said. “And the word is - they’ve got enough to make it rain all night.”
It was an obsession, perhaps, this aspiration of creating the perfect spinner to defy the forces of nature, and spin forever in an eternal dance of joy. Indeed, he was a dreamer, as all his friends said, but even the stars had once been rocks that never ceased to rise.
Tony rushed into the blazing stairwell, and worked desperately to douse the flames, but only made it to the second storey before the overwhelming fumes forced his retreat.
After placing all the stones on the back of the shield, Steve released his beloved weapon, which descended gracefully into the raging abyss, carrying all the stones with it. Plunging after them was the sword,
Tony nodded, acknowledging the alpha’s sincere but futile apology, before shutting his door for the night.
By the time they were listening to the words, Steve’s hand had moved to the small of Tony’s back and he had pulled the omega in close, so close that Tony could feel his warm breath on his temple. Tony nuzzled Steve’s neck in response, and older man’s breath hitched.
Tony covered his eyes, blinded by the sudden burst of light flashing in the darkness, calling him home. He felt the tension leaving his body as he sank into a warm pair of arms, allowing the fatigue to take over.
“There’s a lot to unpack,” Wanda said, as she sifted through the thoughts racing through his mind, filled with the day’s discoveries and the new ones he would soon make.
Steve turned behind once more to look at the pilot of the chopper before facing Tony again, “You know what? Never mind,” he shouted back.
While he wasn’t under any illusions about finding the treasure that day, Tony couldn’t help but feel saddened about leaving the forest empty-handed, with no coordinates, no clues, no strategies, no options. Zero. Zip. Nada.
“You know what?” he asked as he looked appraisingly at Obie with just the right amount of scorn “Scratch that. This is not a good plan”
The constant supply of presents kept their visitors well-fed and in relatively good spirits, and it allowed them to focus on Tony. Thus, a grateful Steve spent his afternoons writing letters to bereaved families, in which he expressed his condolences and thanked them for their generous gifts and well wishes, for keeping Prince Anthony in their thoughts, even as they mourned their own dead.
Obie closed his eyes to concentrate on his transformation. It began with the black scales, which shrank in size, turning brown then olive, as it began to resemble human skin.
Bucky loved the new arm, had a hand in designing it. They opted for a white star against blue to complement the new uniform Tony was designing for him. Yes, uniform. Because like Steve and Nat and the rest of them, Bucky was a fighter. And he was going to avenge all the people he had wronged.
“I’m sorry! It’s an accident!” Tony gasped. “Steve!” he cried, looking stricken, as he reached for him and dropped his arms once more to the side.
It was a fine day for riding. The afternoon sun had mellowed and a cool breeze had blown in. Tony had been content to ride beside him at first, but by the time they were almost through the meadows, Tony had picked up the pace, occasionally pulling away from the rest of the group.
He began evaluating the engine, using the diagnostics on his suit to scan through different levels of machinery. He had to get the system back online before he could access the rotors and dislodge the debris.
The words were on the tip of his tongue. Because it was true. He loved Steve, with every ounce of his broken heart.
“You got me,” Steve pointed out, ignoring his complaint as he picked up the server blade from Thor and soared towards the last helicarrier.
The dragonstones were lying on a tray of black velvet, arranged in a circle with a gap for one, so after extracting the heartstone from its dirt-stained wooden box, Steve carefully positioned it between the red and blue gems.
Minding his tail, Tony sank down onto the soft grass and rested his back against the solid trunk of the tree. His day had got off to an early start, and Tony had been flying without much of a break, so the effects of fatigue were beginning to set in.
His father was already waiting, looking excited and eager to give him away. He offered Tony his arm and a soft smile, both of which he gratefully accepted. Affection was a currency his dad was stingy with and over the years, Tony had learnt to be thankful for the scraps.
Nourished by sweat and blood of fallen warriors, the rich grounds of the Gladioli Fields had always been a strategic Valorian battleground. Just ten miles from Shieldberg, the injured could be conveyed fairly swiftly on horseback. In defeat, their flag would be lowered from the towering mast on top of the steep terraced slopes, which would give the city’s inhabitants precious time to escape through the catacombs.
“Talk too much,” Steve said, bringing his shield down on Killian’s head after catching it on its return.
“What are you bringing the army into this? I don’t care about any of that. I’ve got my own issues – a long laundry list of character defects .” Tony cleared his throat, blustering on, “Maybe the real question is why would you want to be with me? You should think about that, but not too hard. And don’t believe everything you read,” Tony added, as he hastily shoved an incriminating tabloid with his face on the cover under his briefcase.
They continued to discuss Thanos and his acquisitions, trading stories to note a pattern of increasing violence. Steve learnt that the bloodstone had been the tyrant’s first, and he’d won it fair and square from Dormammu in a game of chess. The mindstone was inherited from his adoptive brother, King Maxwell, when the dragon king had passed.
Midnight snorted. “We have blood to spare. For each of you that we slaughter, you must do away with a hundred of us. We can sustain losses for weeks, months. But when you run out of men, and you will, we will take your precious city and lay waste to it. Your last chance to avoid - catastrophe - if you just hand us the stone.”
“I'd have courted you properly," Steve said slowly, "Given us to chance to know each other. For you - ah - us to be sure before asking for your hand.”
Stifling a groan, Tony rolled away and sprinted deeper into the cave, for a moment regretting paying more attention to Steve’s mouth than the way around these winding tunnels. Without the lantern, he kept running into pillars, often slowing his progress, and the soft blue glow of the medallion was barely bright enough to illuminate his way to the exit.
The deck went silent as a cold gust chilled them to their bones. Looking around with deep unease, they began to notice the sea turning black. A violent thump to the hull rocked their ship.
He snapped the lid shut, carefully tucking the box in one of his drawers. That was all in the past. He had new jewellery for his new life now.
“Where’s he gone?” Tony asked, momentarily distracted by the spells glowing brightly on Strange’s forearms.
“Armeria!” The warriors roared, and swords clashed against shields, as spears thumped on the deck to the rhythm of beating drums, so deafening it could surely be heard from across the sea.
A quick analysis of the drink Killian had offered confirmed Steve’s suspicions. There were traces of drugs, of the variety to artificially bring on an omega’s heat. Meant to increase a couple’s chances of conception, it had been employed in a much more sinister way in his case.
“Hey, you’re done. Stand down. Final warning,” he threatened, flicking up his face plate to show Steve he meant business.
“It’s too hard, Ana,” he sighed, feeling helpless and sorry for himself. “It’s a stalemate. And I’ve got no more moves.”
“It’s our favourite haunt,” Steve explained. “As kids, Sam and Bucky would run in, daring each other to go farther than was really safe.”
Tony worked carefully to forge the small amount of metal he had into its desired shape. There was no room for mistakes. After a painstakingly long wait for the metal to set, he held in his hands the perfect weapon. Light enough to throw, heavy enough to hurt and completely vibration absorbent. Made from the rarest metal on Earth. The only one of its kind.
Glaive roared and turned his head to glare at them both. “For each of us you kill, two more will take our place. You’ll never – ” he shouted, as he disappeared into another well-placed portal.
Even though the Black Order hung back, and waited in the wings, Tony joined the fray, keeping a lookout for the enemy dragons and a watchful eye over Steve, who was the first to engage by knocking one of the berserkers off his horse with a wave of his shield.
He was going to focus on Steve’s recovery. Make sure he was feeling better. For now. And then he was going to work on something big.
She would be. Ana loved her lemons. They both did, adding slices of them into their beverages and zesting all their desserts. And it was just like Jarvis to always be on the lookout for ways to make her happy.
“Stark, you’re up,” Strange called, so Rhodey and Peter fell back. As Tony pulled ahead, a deep breath filled his lungs with swirling hot air, which he exhaled in an explosive burst of fire that sent the bats into a frenzy.
Tony blinked as Steve was named the successor to SI. Due to their nation’s laws preventing omegas from owning corporations, Tony knew it wasn’t possible for Howard to leave SI to him. He was, however, surprised that it hadn’t been left to one of Howard’s colleagues. Obadiah Stane? Anton Vanko? Hank Pym?
“Thank you for your co-operation,” Rhodey said, politely, and knocked him out with the butt of his pistol. “We need to split up,” he said, looking troubled at the thought of leaving Tony to his own devices.
A huge thank-you to Serinah for beta-reading this chapter. Thank you to AvengersNewB for all her encouragement and support. I would never have finished / posted this story without their constant reassurances (lies) that it isn’t a complete disaster.
Steve melted into the embrace and presented no resistance to Tony pulling him close. Finally, with Steve in his arms, safe and sound, he could watch the rest of the battle with immense relief as their team triumphed over the rest of Thanos’ guards.
There was plenty of time, so Tony strolled past the designated coffeehouse and browsed the menus of some of the more interesting restaurants in the area, trying not to feel too envious as he gazed through the glass windows at loving couples enjoying a mid-afternoon treat.
The knights caught on to what Strange was doing and rounded up the remaining stone-giants and trolls, herding them toward the wizard, so he could bind them with his magic.
Feeling lightheaded, Steve had to take a steadying breath. “Excuse me a moment,” Steve said apologetically, and Pietro nodded politely in response. Without waiting for another word, Steve hurried toward Lord Strange and the other sorcerers on the other side of the room.
He would have gone on gaping if not for the catapult-launched projectile that landed in his mouth, which caused him to bite down and choke. On grape juice. Trickling down his chin.
the best protection available. And it was a good alibi for the suits in his workshop. So he didn't have to hide them anymore.
“No, no, Tony, watch this. Look! Don’t close your eyes,” Steve pleaded, as his voice rose above the sound of hot tears falling onto the marbled floor.
. While they opposed each other in play, Tony knew that when it really mattered, they would always fight on the same side. If Bucky had been Steve’s companion, then Rhodey was his.
Tony blinked, eyes adjusting to the sudden brightness as the lights flickered on. Shelves. A couple of large tables. Was that a saw table? A puttering bench? A computer? Power tools? Welding gear? A soldering station? What was Steve trying to do here? It wasn’t a home office. Or an art studio.
And in between his bouts of tinkering, Tony’s thoughts drifted to a husband who loved pancakes and just about anything he cooked or made or said or did. A man who sketched buildings and read books about science stuff when he wasn’t busy saving the world.
Tony moved the cameras, shifting feeds from one to the next, tracking Nat as she scrambled for safety. She looked uncharacteristically terrified, shouting at the public to stay out of the way. She was about to reach one of the buildings when her left shoulder was shot, through the window of a parked vehicle.
Then, without so much as a pause, their benefactor turned to the firefighters gathering round, and began shouting over the roaring flames. “There are people on the upper floors, a cat in 5C, an elderly couple on the fourth and at least two others trapped on the third.”
Resting his chin on Peter’s shoulder, Tony’s gaze returned to Steve. “I mean he loves me, you know? Told me so himself,” he added quietly, still looking at him.
Clothes were strewn all over the bed, a sight that hurt his eyes. Sighing heavily, he folded and sorted the mess into neat piles. Finding yet another one of his shirts in the pile, Tony decided to do the laundry. He didn’t want Steve wearing out his band tees just because he was out of fresh clothes.
“Yes, of course,” he said, by then unable to keep the excitement out of his voice. The others, confused by his behaviour, just looked at him with concern, like he had lost his mind.
Steve took Tony’s hand and pulled him to his feet. “Why?” he asked. “In a hurry to get to our tent?”
“Captain Rogers and Agent Romanov are on their way to Stuttgart. Agent Barton appears to have been compromised. Thor’s brother, Loki, has taken the tesseract and has been spotted in Germany.”
“Your saviours are here!” Loki announced. Leaping into the air, he transformed himself into a dark green dragon with golden horns, who executed a graceful flip and circled around to allow Thor to climb onto his back.
“For Valoria,” Sarah echoed quietly and allowed Steve to kiss her cheek and straighten the sleeve of her gossamer gown. He took her arm and led her to the shade of a birch tree, where she could wait more comfortably.
neutralised his attack, and allowed the scarlet dragon to escape. Then, the silver dragon soared over Tony and Steve, and rained frost on them from above.
If the bookshelves were secret doors, then one of their books had to be the key. Tony found it soon enough – in a nondescript brown cover with faded lettering on its spine. When Tony pulled the book out of its place, the shelves parted to reveal the space between.
“Oh my God! What are you doing?” Tony exclaimed, when he caught Clint putting coffee grounds in the disposal.
We are now going into second act where Tony becomes Iron Man and the resulting identity porn shenanigans.
I get that he sounds like a bit of a softie but he’s also very young and he loves Steve a lot. Not so much that he’s bending over backwards or changing who he is but enough that he wants to work on their relationship by talking.
“Didn’t carbon date the guy, but he’s uh - on the young side.” Everyone was, compared to Steve, anyway. “And let’s just say tall, dark, kind of handsome,” Tony mumbled, preoccupied with putting the gauntlet safely away. Twelve per cent of it was true. An argument could be made for fifteen.
“No, you’re right. It isn’t,” Tony agreed, lowering the gun. “It’s his,” he said, tilting his head in Rhodey’s direction.
“Well, what time do you finish? Because there are a couple of midnight screenings at the new theatre and if you want to continue this conversation. Hotel Bossert is where we could enjoy a late-night fondue.”
“This is what I want,” he answered. “I shouldn’t be alive. Unless it was for a reason. I'm not crazy, Steve. I know what I have to do. And I know in my heart that it's right.”
Truly, it sounded too good to be true – for six gems to grant their keeper an eternal wish, but then again, collecting the six dragonstones was by no means an easy feat, with the last triumph having taken place a hundred thousand years ago.
With a grunt of effort, Steve stabbed at Killian, nodding imperceptibly to confirm that he'd found his target. However, the blow appeared to have no effect and the deranged man retaliated with a swift stab of his own to Steve’s middle.
Please let me know what you think! Did you expect Steve to find out about Tony's secret like this? How do you think he's going to react?
Hulk grabbed hold of its tail, and slammed it against the ground. He repeated the action, slamming it on the other side. “Hulk can. Smashy. All day,” he said, as he tried to knock the serpent out.
Tony had already seen his anniversary gift from Steve, that morning, on his bedside table, with a note reminding him of their plans to visit Coney Island. They were celebrating a year of marriage.
Steve moved to the centre of the great hall, where a statue of Rex stood. The statue marked the nerve centre of dragon ley lines, which were the veins of magic running through the earth. And ever since Strange had taken up residence in the temple, its comfortable rooms and open training grounds had become a gathering point and sanctuary for magical beings.
“Hold on, hold on. That’s enough,” Tony warned, and took the inhaler back from the other man, who released his grip on the apparutus as he leaned back in his seat.
Steve flinched and turned away sharply. “Yeah,” he muttered, in a voice Tony could have sworn sounded strained.
As the transformation was underway, Tony felt for the blade in his pocket, never taking his eyes off his target as he waited for the right moment. When it came, Tony pulled it out and stabbed the skin under Obie’s neck, shredding it.
Happy was taking him back to the tower, mid-morning, to pick up some things. He hadn’t thought of packing them, in his hurry to leave Steve and his pain behind. But, they were important and indispensable. And he needed them as soon as possible.
“Oops,” Steve said, releasing him as they made it to the heart of the cave. “And you haven't even seen it yet,” he said, raising his lamp to illuminate the murals on the walls.
He was in captivity for a whole season. Three months. He’d spent three months on his own. Could he go three weeks without water? Or three days without food? (Or was it the other way round?)
Thank you so much for joining me on this journey! This was the hardest thing I've ever tried to write and I'm not kidding when I say it nearly killed me (multiple times). =p I solemnly swear that I will never write another multi-chapter story again.
“You’re my mission. You’re my mission. You’re my mission,” he chanted, ending each statement with a new punch to an already-bloodied eye.
Also, here is a link to the physicist's perpetual motion clock that Steve made Tony if anyone is interested.
Steve was offering him an out. Tony could go home and live under his parents’ roof, continue to attend his finishing classes.
A gust of wind blew the sand at his face and it forced Tony to blink several times. When he looked down again, the letters had shifted.
Once Steve had revealed its location – under the heartewoode tree in Kingsgarden, it didn’t take long for a talented sorcerer like Lord Strange to retrieve the coveted gem from under layers of dirt and a complicated chain of concealment charms.
He barely noticed the soft music above the beating of his heart. He tried to remember his mother’s instructions.
“Yes,” Sam agreed, and directed Redwing to her motionless body, with them watching in horror, their blood turning to ice, at the sight of their friend’s skin taking on a greyish hue.
Hanging from the spear with one hand and holding the fang in the other, Steve inched toward the middle of the kraken’s face, and looked directly into her hideous eyes. Mustering all the strength left in his body, he swung his arm back and struck.
“They’re men,” Steve said. “All men must die. If they are the valiant warriors we believe them to be, they will be honoured with the greatest of gifts.”
“Steve!” he cried as he flung himself at the alpha, throwing his arms around his neck. “I thought you were dead!”
“Yeah. I’ve been running," he said. "Did thirteen miles in thirty minutes because I had a late start.”
It took two strikes of the metal arm to crush his father’s skull as was reported in the autopsy. Then, his lifeless body was dragged to the driver’s seat, positioned to appear slumped over the steering wheel.
Despite his poor appetite, Steve forced himself to partake of the food. He had no wish to squander the efforts of the well-meaning townsfolk. Neither did he wish to worry his dear mother and friends.
“None of that is your fault, Steve,” he said, wishing that Steve would believe that, even if he didn’t believe anything else.
Tony’s face brightened when he spotted the box in Steve’s hand. “Is that for me?” he asked, as he reached for it.
Over the last five days, while in the deepest throes of agony, Steve learned that there were a total of 8096 stones on the wall. 616 of them had rounded corners and 1610 had squared ones, with the rest of the stones having a mix of both. 1872 were large, 2108 of them were mid-sized, 3490 of them were small, and the rest were so tiny that Steve had missed them on the first count.
Long, lanky arms tightened around Tony’s neck and he could feel the slender man resting against his back. He mustn’t have weighed more than 100 pounds, which was sort of a good thing, considering the long and fairly challenging walk to the car amidst a panicked, jostling crowd.
“I know," Peter said, while biting down on his lower lip. "I still can't believe I kept this secret from you for so long. I hate keeping secrets. And it looks like after all these years, I’m still terrible at it.”
“Here, let me show you.” Steve said, taking his right hand and placing his index finger on the largest stone in the middle of the ring.
, a chain of volcanoes which bordered their neighbours in the north. The fiery peaks rested like the spikes of a great beast, who’d fallen into a restless sleep. Squinting to keep out the midday sun, Steve’s eyes traced over the towering mountains in the east toward the squat hills in the west, which curled back around like a tail.
“Steve,” he shouted, and the Winter Soldier froze at the sound of the name. Tony took advantage of his hesitation to drag Steve towards relative safety.
“Something like that,” Jarvis answered. She’s a good gardener though. I’ll give her that. She has a knack for selecting the best blooms. And she’s fastidious about the watering. She’s found that perfect balance between tending to them without overdoing it, and they flourish under her care.”
Tony found Jarvis bent over a flowerbed, hands and knees covered in dirt. “Do I want to know what happened to the gardener? Was he pocketing the good shovels?”
Steve took a long sip of his beverage, making a loud noise of appreciation, as chocolate milkshake covered his lips. “What do you mean?” he asked, before taking another long sip.
He could still feel the regret washing over him, ebbing and flowing ever so often, all the what-ifs and maybes tormenting him day and night.
Tony watched, in a trance, as Steve gave orders to the household, grateful that someone else had taken charge of it so he could focus on processing his feelings. When Steve turned towards him, eyes clouding with concern, Tony gave him a reassuring wave. And then, he realised.
Well-satisfied, their guests headed back into the sunshine to say their farewells. Thor and Loki were off to Attilan, to assist Black Bolt in driving out the invaders, hoping to miraculously recover the iristone that had been stolen. Their departure left behind a circle of burnt grass, right where they’d been standing.
Tony brightened up. Maybe he was giving himself too much pressure. He had attended these galas before. And dancing with Steve. That could be nice.
Jarvis offered him a look of commiseration, patting his hand lightly. “Fathers and sons. It’s a difficult relationship to manoeuvre. On both sides. But time heals all wounds.”
“You keep telling yourself that,” Tony said. “Father was right about you. You’re insane. And that makes you dangerous.”
Tony closed his eyes, the stale air causing him to feel a little dizzy. “Is that a threat?” he asked, as Steve continued his assault on his neck.
"Yeah," Tony agreed. "That’s just a preview. What’s coming next is opening night. Loki’s a diva. He wants flowers. He wants parades. He wants a monument built in his sky with his name - - - ”
“That thing does not obey the rules of Science,” Peter said, landing beside them. “That means - it’s magic!” The dragonet tapped against the shield with a talon and his eyes widened in awe. “It’s dragonbone, of the celestial variety - the really, really rare stuff that stores and releases the magic it encounters.”
The Avengers were ready to dive in to rescue the oppressed but until they got the proper clearance, their hands were tied.
“Houston, we have a problem,” Bruce informed them calmly, making it painfully obvious what the issue was.
Steve held on to Bruce’s wrist. “He’s in pain,” he said. Can we – can we give him anything?” he asked.
It was straightforward plan and Tony had no questions, so he was surprised when Steve didn’t leave when he was done. Instead, the king hung around, opening and closing his mouth, hemming and hawing, as if he had something to ask.
Marrying a foreign monarch was his only chance of leaving the palace and war had always been inevitable. Thanos would find another reason to fight them for access to their land and their natural resources. It was the stones he was after and Tony had to do everything in his power to stop him.
At some point, Steve rushed to help Rhodey and then Peter was in the throne room, popping in and out of portals which appeared and disappeared to take swipes at the furious emperor.
. That wasn’t exactly the word he would use. He thought, as he squirmed in his seat, and his face heated up as he recalled Steve’s ardent kisses under the cover of their tent.
“What were you thinking?” Tony asked when he paused to observe the new skin forming over the cuts – a sight that left Steve wide eyed and slack jawed.
Then, a blur of silver, red and blue whizzed into the helicarrier, landing on the ground in front of him.
“But here's the thing. You did the wrong thing. Everyone does, sometimes. I don't judge people on their worst mistakes. Neither should you. And, you know, being away from you made me realise something. In this crazy business we're in, there's no one else I want to fight with. I never had a choice. But if I did, I would choose you. In a hundred lifetimes, in a thousand different worlds, I'd find you and I'd choose you. Every single time."
The safest hands were still his own. He couldn’t rely on anyone, not even Steve and his large hands to insulate him from the dangers of the world. It was something he had to do himself. And he could.
Steve was special. He was special in every way. The serum amplified whatever a man was. It transformed what was good to great.
“How long before it takes effect?” Steve asked, rubbing his forearms at the places where they’d chafed.
, one of their recently-launched successes.  There were a couple of texts from Pepper about the MIT commencement speech, which he promptly replied (to avoid being harangued). And a few texts from Rhodey asking why the tower was so quiet and where everyone was, which he promptly ignored.
Rhodey instantly had his gun trained on the technician. “I swear to God, Tones. I’m going to blow this guy’s brains out,” he warned, voice rising in a theatrical show of bad-cop frustration.
“I don’t like this waiting. Sitting around,” Tony complained, doing the opposite of that, pacing restlessly around the room, which was a clear sign of how anxious he was. “There must be something we can do,” Tony said. “Their forces outnumber ours ten to one,” he added, citing the intelligence they'd just received.
Tony hummed thoughtfully. “She was nice. Asked if I was settling in. And I think she tried to ask if you were a good kisser.”
It just didn’t feel right. He didn’t owe anyone an explanation. He was doing his best and that was all that anyone could do. They just needed to know one thing and it was the truth.
“Stark, this is Hill. We need you to come in. Fury’s been shot. Cap and Widow are missing. And SHIELD’s been compromised.”
soldiers, maybe go face-to-face with the Mandarin, and rescue Captain America. Breaking and entering. Search and rescue. That’s
Tony dived after the falling dragon, and as he did, noticed the dracanix right behind and a smaller, colourful dragonet closing in on his other side. As Tony approached the ground, he spread his wings to brake hard, but still required a few steps to come to a complete stop beside Obie's motionless body.
Steve froze when it was time to say the vows and Sam had to nudge him in the ribs. Thankfully, he’d rehearsed the words so many times that he managed to recite them, once he remembered it was his turn to speak. He barely looked away from the face of his husband.
It required the extraction of the poison from Tony’s wounds, which would then be introduced to a healthy body. Extracting and distilling the blood of the human subject would yield an antidote, which was to be the solution for saving Tony’s life.
Okay. This was definitely a test. And he was going to pass with flying colours. “Why wouldn’t I want to?” Tony asked, choosing his words carefully. “We're married. You’re my alpha. I’m obliged, bound by the law even, to do whatever you want.”
“No, no. You don’t have to. You, just being here, it’s great. You’ve helped me so much. I never thought I’d ever be married. And not to someone like you.”
Each drop that fell on her lifeless body appeared to wash some of the ash from her skin. The grey lightened, then lightened some more, until it resembled skin - her skin, but brighter, glowing from the inside out, like her body was bound in magic.
He caught a glimpse the jewellery inside. It was a ring, a simple band, embellished with blue stones, sapphires perhaps, set in the shape of his first arc reactor.
Pietro moved fast, but Steve was closer, so it was Steve who came between Thanos and Wanda, as Thanos raised his arms.
Finally, he went around the house, collecting the items on his list. He placed some files in his suitcase, then picked up the rest: a pillow, a blanket, some clothes (not one of them his).
“Oh boy. Those two are going to make waves,” Clint said as Sam thumped him on the back, causing him to cough violently.
They remained in the embrace, forehead-to-forehead, for what felt like an eternity. Tony had to tear his eyes away, under the impression that he was intruding. He had to leave. “I’ll be outside,” he told Sam.
Tony stiffened at that, and fixed a look of rage on the pyromancer, who was sentenced to death for unspeakable crimes against the crown. “You look pretty spry for a dead guy.”
Whatever made him think he was worthy of Tony’s love? The magic tears that flowed through his body? Tony was the chosen one. He was destined for greatness. And Steve? Everything special about him came out of a bottle.
“It was all very organic.” Dragonwings jerked as if in a shrug. “Everything just happened quite by itself, borne from a desperation to protect my one true love.”
Steve stopped and forced himself to calm down. Tony was safe, and that was all that mattered. He wasn’t going to pick a fight. “Yes, you were amazing,” he said instead. “How — how are you alive? Never mind. Don’t answer that. Just come here.”
Tony wondered about that. The crying spells, angry outbursts, mood swings. If one didn’t know any better, they’d say Steve was turning into a human disaster like him.
They were. They were his family. He’d found them, all on his own. It was little and broken, but growing, and very, very good.
Neither of them attempted to make eye contact or speak with Tony. Nonetheless, the captain glared at them for the entire duration of a very long elevator ride because the STRIKE agents had the audacity to breathe the same air that he did.
Steve thought their marriage would have progressed past the awkward phase by now, considering the way they’d taken to each other almost immediately. Sadly, that was not the case. If anything, it seemed to have inexplicably regressed, right after their visit to the garden. Still, Steve would wait. He’d wait as long as he needed.
“Besides,” Pietro continued, “knowing the mindstone is safe, with you, allows us to focus on avenging our father’s death. I would hate to lose the stone – to him.”
“A sea monster of titanic proportions, the kraken has a beak of sharp teeth and eight tentacles, each the size of a full-grown basilisk, with suckers in place of scales. One must be careful not to cut these tentacles, for two more will grow in its place. The thick hide will hold against steel arrows, blades and spears. Even obsidian, noted for its potency against dragons, has no effect on the mighty beast.”
Tony stared. That arc reactor had kept him alive, powered the suit that got him out of the caves. For a moment, he was tempted to hold on to it as a reminder of what he’d lost and gained. But the glow of the new unit in his chest changed his mind.
, which allowed Strange to create magical blasts and shields. There were axes and swords and daggers, jewellery and clothing, cards and books.
Thankfully, Dum-E, the cooking-cleaning-sewing-washing-and-now-lifesaving machine, handed him the old unit, which he used to power the new suit and go head-to-head with the old man.
Tony paused to swallow the lump of indignation down his throat. “Insubordination? What? Excuse me, but I thought I was saving New York!” he cried.
“Loki has to take us out to win. He wants to beat us and he wants to be seen doing it. He wants an audience,” Bruce surmised.
In the room’s darkness, Steve could see the dragonstones glowing from the bed, and it surrounded Tony with beams of red, yellow, green, blue, and –
“A heartewood,” Tony said, turning back to run his fingers over the impressive trunk, noting the recently-trimmed branches hanging over him. “This is a heartewoode? A flowering one?”
Thor put a hand on his shoulder. “Not like this, my friend. If something happens to you, Anthony will never forgive himself.”
Nat stayed close to Tony as they made their way to the meeting point. “Don’t mind him,” she said. “It’s been a rough couple of months without Tony. When this is all over, we need to sit them down and make them talk.”
The Hulk was seated on the grass, scowling in Tony’s direction “Want Tony. Where Tony? Where?” he asked, as his face scrunched up, as if in pain.
The sight of tears running down Tony’s sweet face broke his heart. He didn’t want Tony to cry, especially not because of something he said or did. “Don’t be. There’s nothing to be sorry for,” Steve said, as he tried to console his husband of six months. “This is not really the end. You know that, right? We’re still going to be friends. If you - if either of you should need me, I’ll be there.”
Nat rode up beside him and tossed him her spear, which Bucky caught and used to pierce the beast between his shoulder blades. Before the wretched beast hit the ground, Bucky leapt from the shoulders of the groaning troll and back onto his horse, flashing Steve a cocky grin as he rode by.
A convoy of armoured vehicles descended on the scene and Tony wondered what business they had being there, especially when the assassin had long gone.
If the barrier came down for any reason, they would fall back on their regular formation. The cavalry would lead the charge, flanked by archers on both sides, and the melee troops would be right behind, ready to finish off the horsemen who’d fallen from their steeds.
Succumbing to the fatigue in his legs, Tony found a bench beside the pond. It was mating season so the swans were putting on their best moves. Enthralled by their public displays of affection, he barely noticed when the space beside him became occupied, by the very person he was trying to avoid.
Strange hummed thoughtfully, and opened a portal leading to some sort of library. He slipped his hand inside and pulled a book off one of many shelves and into the bedroom.
Sighing, Tony brushed away the tears from Steve's eyes with the pads of his thumbs. "Steve, you are not a bully. Yes, you were mean and you made me feel small and helpless and betrayed. And it wasn't a good feeling. It sucked. And it made me all kinds of furious.”
Tony swallowed painfully, remembering the last time he had seen his parents. They had been so happy, so alive. “What do I do now that they’re gone?”
Dread pooled in Tony’s stomach as Happy pulled out of the driveway, leaving him in front of his new home with his new husband. Tony had rehearsed his responses to 14,000,605 possible scenarios, so why did he still feel so unprepared for their first interaction as a married couple?
“Oh, I’ll finish, if you let me,” Steve whispered and proceeded to kiss his neck as he squeezed his ass through his braies.
Steve paused in the middle of adjusting the gold-titanium chainmail. “I think so,” he answered, with a weak smile.
The big one, with rough scales and spikes covering his body, spoke first. “Tony,” he boomed, stretching his bat-like wings outward in greeting.
“Fon-due?” Steve sputtered, before he quickly composed his flustered features into a look of nonchalance. “Well, I like you, Mr. Stark. But that’s moving a little too fast, don’t you think?”
The dragon loved Tony and Tony loved him too. The dragon was brave and kind and charming, just like Tony was. The dragon would make Tony happy, and Steve wouldn’t get in their way. He couldn’t.
Tony reached for his arm and Steve flinched, pulling away. “Steve,” he said, his eyes filling with hurt. “I’m sorry. I wanted to tell you. But one thing just led to the next.”
Tony’s eyes flickered open to the sight of Steve, the love of his life, glaring down at Killian, flooding him with relief and terror all at once. Tony gripped the railing for support as Killian abruptly let go of him. He watched, wide-eyed, as Steve’s eyes, filled with hurt, shifted pointedly from him to Killian and back to him again.
When Tony arrived at the Gladioli Fields, Steve and his knights were huddled in deep discussion under the shade of some trees.
It was Pierce who personally greeted them as they stepped out, giving them each a biometric pin. He explained that it would accord them unrestricted access to the Triskelion’s facilities, the main one being the observation room, from which they were to watch (and stop) the launch of the helicarriers.
The medallion wasn’t a family heirloom, but a token of love. It was beautiful and magical and everything that the dragon was and Steve wasn’t. It made his head and heart hurt, but it belonged to Tony, so Steve couldn’t bear to put it down, even taking it with him when he fled the temple.
Pietro shook his head in denial of the compliment. “There’s blood on our hands,” he explained with grave eyes and a solemn face. “It’s the least we can do.”
“You’ve got to be kidding me,” Tony muttered, trying not to roll his eyes. “Do you even know what’s behind these doors?”
Tea had come and gone, with no sign of Tony, and the food was getting cold, so Steve packed a basket of food, more of those shieldbergers that Tony had taken a liking to and a handful of blueberries, deciding to go to him instead.
After Thanos had attacked him that night, Tony had passed out. Truly, he didn’t know what had happened to the heartstone. Nonetheless, there were things he remembered and those memories could implicate an innocent life.
Through the smoke, Tony could make out the distinct figure of the handsome young man from before, cradling what looked like a baby in his arms. By some miracle, the young rescuer had made it down to the second floor, but while the path ahead was clear, ominous flames continued to lick capriciously from the ceiling as debris came crashing down.
At that, all the air left his lungs, because Maria was right. Tony could die. He was dying right in front of them all, and there was not a thing that anyone could do to stop it from happening.
Steve could already hear Clint on his fiddle, and his friends voices singing that familiar melody. It was that cursed song - again.
“Ooh!” Tony breathed, his face all scrunched up as he imagined the pain. “A tree? Like this one?” he asked, and turned behind to run a hand gently down its bark.
“You’re facing off with dragons. How is this not my fight? I can think of a hundred reasons to go in there with you. How many have you got against that?”
It brought back memories of being wrapped in blankets, the hacking coughs that hurt his lungs, fevers that wouldn’t break, nights when death was close.
If you've read this chapter before 1 February 2021, you might (or not) have noticed that I've changed the names of their warships. Initially, they were named after dragons, but that's so random. I've decided that Valoria loves their birds (the eagle is on their coat of arms, they have a giant falcon, so their warships are the Heron, Osprey, Wryneck, Lammergeir, Ibisfugl, Nighthawk, Gullbird. The first letters spell out HOWLING. :) Previously, the warships were Hydra, Ouroboros, Wyvern, Lyndwyrm, Imugi, Niddhogr, Gargouille, but these would probably be better names for Anguisian ships instead. =p
“Then, it’s on our side,” he decided, his conviction strengthening at the sight of the dragon putting out the fires on their ship, freezing the waters around them. Caught in the stream of icy mist, monsters froze in motion, faces contorted and their bodies in a twist as the flames were snuffed out.
Thanos, however, barely moved, and watched them impassively, with a bored look on his face, until the mindstone landed on the marble floor with a loud clink. As Wanda drew the stone into her palm, she released her hold on Thanos.
Tony shook his head, and refused to revisit that painful conversation. “What does it matter? He asked me to leave. That was clear enough.”
“You know who I am,” Tony breathed, trying to keep his (recently-fixed) heart from bursting with happiness and affection and love. Because Steve got him. He really, really did.
Tony was a good homemaker. He wanted his parents to see that. The colossal tree and handmade Christmas decorations were up for that reason. Ideally, they would have celebrated Christmas together but his parents were leaving for the Bahamas in a few days.
Then, Killian, drunk on his power, drew up and glowed, breathing fire into the sky like a dragon. Tony forced himself to wait, shooting at Killian in a desperate bid to keep him away from Steve and to buy themselves time.
Steve watched, enthralled as its purple hide turned grey, as though hardening to stone, just like what had happened with Nat. Just before its hide turned black, Steve pulled out the dagger and watched in wonder as the fang began to crystallize.
Tony kept his fingers crossed and muttered a soft prayer for smooth traffic. His backstory for Dr Howard Potts
He slipped his hand in his pocket to check that Fury’s flash drive was still there. The director had spent his last few minutes of his life racing back to the tower just to hand it to him. Tony could only hope it contained the answers to the millions of questions racing through his mind.
Tony rubbed the sleep from his eyes and blinked slowly so they could adapt to the morning light. As the aroma of fresh bread and coffee wafted into his flared nostrils, he licked his lips and wondered about breakfast. Back arched, he strained his ears for signs of life in his new lair, which turned out to be a quaint cottage on palace grounds.
Killian shook his head, clucking his tongue. “Selfish of him to keep you to himself if he’s not going to treat you right.”
They spent the rest of the morning in a companionable sort of silence, lost in their thoughts. Picking at the food on his plate, Tony wondered how Steve, the only family he had left, was getting on without him. Steve knew how to
Over rich food and strong drink, mingling guests in high spirits shared their personal tales, so as to weave together a tapestry of stories and legends, which would inspire and delight the youth for generations to come.
The design was a little clunky, Tony had to agree. “We’re trying to scale it down, but there’s not much we can do about the size of the bulb.”
He got to his feet and dusted himself off. “If we leave now, I could lead the way and show you all of our best views.”
After Peter finally released him, whining and pouting the whole time, Rhodey brought Tony up to speed on recent developments, while being careful to avoid any mention of Tony’s subject of interest, all the way on the other side.
A growing group of people was also walking briskly, or running, in the opposite direction. And while Tony initially thought they were just overly excited to explore what downtown Brooklyn had to offer, their pale faces told him something was wrong. The pervasive stench of smoke began to feel almost suffocating, but what truly alarmed him were the blood-curdling screams and the loud crackling sounds of –
When he looked up, he noticed Steve staring at his cheek. “Hey - " he asked softly. "What happened to your face?”
The drameleon looked at him excitedly, gently brushing a forelimb against Tony’s wings. “Your wings are made of dragonsilk. That would explain the rigidity-flexibility ratio, which gotta say, that’s awesome, man.”
Violet eyes narrowed in Steve’s face. “Have we met?” he asked, as he moved his fingers to twist Steve’s head from side to side.
“This is where you’ll be working,” Coulson said, opening a series of highly-secure doors to a laboratory of sorts. “It’s SHIELD’s version of
Steve shot him a funny look. “I don’t know,” he mumbled. “End up with Bucky, probably,” he added, shrugging.
“I’ve gone ahead to view alternate futures - to see all the possible outcomes of the coming conflict.”
“He’s going to be there, you know?” Hill reminded them, looking specifically at Steve, then Natasha.
Glaive dodged the shield easily, and smirked at them as the weapon spun out of range. That was inconvenient, but not a hurdle they couldn’t cross. Tony only had to fly around for Steve to –
Then, there were fingers in his hair and warm lips against his cheek, thumbs gently brushing those unrelenting tears from his eyes. And through his muffled sobs, came the voice, ringing soft but clear, like music to his ears –
“I want the big one,” Tony said, and swerved sharply to go after Obsidian. Twice the size as a regular dragon, Obsidian’s weight might have offered an edge in a brawl, but it presented no small burden in high-speed flight.
The couple on the patio were enjoying their 7 o’ clock sherry when they heard the sound of tyres running over the pebbled driveway. They stood up, staring in disbelief, as Tony came bounding towards their residence on the estate.
Tony swallowed a giggle, and acting purely on instinct, he leaned forward and licked the side of Steve’s face. The king’s hand flew to his face and he stared at him in shock. Waving, Tony turned to step inside the cave and began to move. All Tony wanted to do was to find his medallion, and become human again. But the way back proved to be even more difficult, with his eyelids drooping and his feet getting heavier with each step he took.
While waiting for Howard to craft a small crucible out of dragonbone, complete with the magical runes etched on its rim, Steve spent the rest of the evening studying the spell, and examined the wording and each turn of phrase for any form of deceit or trickery:
“Which one?” Steve asked, guardedly, looking wary and uncertain. Like he thought Tony was a loose cannon.
Bucky, too, was surprised. “Natalia?” he asked, his voice breathy with disbelief, the use of her real name indicating they were acquainted.
Tony opened and closed his mouth. The sleep deprivation must be affecting his memory. He’d been so mad at Steve the previous day. Forget
Tony blinked at the sight of Queen Sarah, in a white, embroidered garment that grazed her ankles. Her fair hair was braided with white daisies that complemented the gold circlet around her head. She held up a basket of freshly-baked bread rolls. “Can I come in? I won’t stay long. Just bringing you breakfast.”
He’d sworn to take care of Tony, right in front of the sacred rock, to love and cherish and care for him – to be his true fortress, a shield from his foe.
They had a plan to escape together. And it would have worked. It was just too bad they never got to execute it. Tony hadn’t cried tears of relief when he was rescued, but tears of regret. If only they had one more day. If only they had one more night.
Tony put his hand on Steve's shoulder, interrupting the rambling. “Oh my God. Steve. Stop. Just stop talking. This grovelling thing is really quite unattractive on you. If you say you’re sorry one more time, I’m keeping it,” he threatened, smirking as his husband held the shield protectively, clutching it closer to his chest.
Nonetheless, it would be hard work and an exhausting journey. But wasn’t that how it was for everything worth working for?
Steve approached, and Tony found himself retreating, strategically placing the dining table between them. “Protection?” Steve said, voice slowly rising. “Is that what you’re calling it? A suit of armour. I get that. But repulsor guns? Micro-missiles? A unibeam? Anthony Edward Stark, you’ve built yourself a sword and you’re calling it a shield!”
He picked up the elegant piece, marvelling at Steve’s magical ability to turn art into science and science into art. And what he had in his hands was nothing short of beautiful and poetic.
It was a great plan, a solid plan. In fact, until about an hour ago, Tony had been planning to do the same. “But what will you do? Because if you’re turning 25, just like me, then time is running out.”
Only for Clint to tackle him roughly from behind. “It’s Lila’s birthday next month and we’re having the party right here. Any chance of Iron Man making an appearance? And not just a flyby but maybe some mingling?”
He would tell Steve about that night in the Wanderer’s Woods: Thanos, Yinsen, Strange; the long years confined in the castle, having to wear the medallion to prevent his powers from getting out of control, but secretly practising at night; the thrill of lighting candles and starting fires, all the while terrified that someone would find out; about that day in King’ Isle, how he had only managed to change himself into a dragon because of the singular desire to keep Steve safe.
found me. Home is where the alien invasion started. In case you haven’t noticed, no place is safe, Steve. That’s why I built a suit of armour around myself. It’s protection.”
Tony jumped, surprised by his husband’s voice. He whipped his head around and stared, gazing upon Steve’s well-muscled torso, still glistening from exercise.
Neither of them had known then, but there was even more to him, a deeper layer, to be unearthed only by the most catastrophic of events.
“Oh,” Tony said, and his face began to change. “I do have something I need to talk to you about, and I’ve put it off way too long already.”
“What? No,” Tony protested. We will need a do-over, because this – this is not a date. Now, we’re probably too late for the coffeehouse, but there’s a wonton joint just two blocks from here.” He paused. “I don’t know what wontons are, but I wanna try ‘em.”
Steve’s nimble fingers were already undoing the laces of Tony’s shirt. As his hands brushed against the medallion, it glowed from his touch.
It took them by surprise, especially Steve, who tumbled from the dragon’s shoulders onto the blackstone floor, but before he could roll out of the way, Thanos sank his dagger-like teeth into his chainmail shirt and trapped him in his massive jaws of death.
Tony clung on desperately to his sleeve. “Don’t go,” he pleaded, with what felt like his last breath.
The drive was protected by some sort of AI, which kept rewriting itself to counter his commands. But he was slightly smarter than the person who developed it.
He didn't cry when they took his watch, the Jaeger that his father left him, the gears in his mind already spinning as he plotted to get it back and fixed.
Steve pulled Sarah closer, and her small frame fit easily into his arms. He often wondered how she made it through those difficult years, raising a sickly child all by herself with no partner to catch her in her rare moments of weakness.
Steve didn’t cry, cry. He did a manly shaking thing with silent tears that Tony would one day learn to do. But he was distressed, and Tony was horrified.
Tony took advantage of Steve's confusion to take the gauntlet out of his hands. “Hired him? Whatever for?”
. Bucky. Sergeant Barnes. James Buchanan Barnes. Only Howling Commando to give his life in service of his country. Steve’s presumably dead best friend.
An instrument so elegant and precise, marrying Tony’s love of physics with Steve’s love of design. Steve, who spent days studying his copy of
Regardless of what Steve did to make Tony feel welcome, Tony would never consider Valoria his home. He would try, of course, for the alliance, because Tony was selfless like that, but perhaps he would never truly be happy.
Steve only nodded, content with listening to Tony’s recount, enthralled by the fire in his eyes and the radiant glow of his face.
Tony shrugged. “You know, I thought Dad was tough on me. And now, looking back, I just remember the good stuff. In all fairness, I was a handful. And it must be hard being a parent.”
He waited patiently for Steve to put his sketchbook down and cross the room to where he was reclining in his chair.
The man’s eyes darkened. “You’re going to regret this,” he warned as metal flashed in his hand. He broke out of their hold and lunged for Nat, going straight for her neck. She twisted out of the way and deflected the attack with a blow of her own, sending him toward Bucky, who disarmed him quite easily by taking his dagger before kicking him toward the edge of the cliff, dangerously close.
With the Sanctum Sanctorum located in Greenwich Village, just north of Shieldberg, it didn’t take long before Steve spotted its jewelled spire peeking out from behind tall trees. While it looked alluring in the light, displayed in such a prominent position, Steve knew that a litany of spells prevented its theft.
It brought him back to a simpler time, before he was Iron Man, before they were even bonded. Right after they’d tied the knot.
“I’m sorry,” Steve told him, still wheezing with laughter, when Tony returned to the car with a couple of chocolate milkshakes to wash the taste down. “You don’t have to eat the rest. I know how bad my baking is. If I’d known I was actually going to like you, I’d have asked my mom for help,” he said, while dabbing the tears from his eyes.
“Why are we stopping?” Steve demanded, when Tony’s feet made contact with the dry moss. “The fight is not over. We’ve got to get back out there. The team needs us,” he said, as he looked worriedly at their team, who were still battling the smaller dragons in the air.
“Yeah,” Bucky agreed. “When we were captured, you went behind enemy lines to rescue us. Sam, me – all of us - we’re alive today because of you. And when the dreadnought threatened to crash on our shores, you commandeered their ship and sank it to the bottom of the ocean, with nary a thought for your life.”
A long day that starts with a quest and ends with a confession. Oh, and there's a battle in there, somewhere. =p
Tony would have gone on staring forever had it not been for the portal appearing above. Strange fell out of it, and landed directly on Tony’s back.
Tony sighed heavily. “J,” he called, addressing the AI. “Can’t you get food organised for the captain? You’ve got his schedule. You know when he’s around.”
Steve paused to wipe the corner of his mouth with a napkin. “I know a little bit from your profile, the one on-”
Tony stared at the man. He was right. He could not be more different from Steve. But he was tall and blonde and rather charming under the moonlight. And he was friendly and understood Tony’s work and loved to talk about Science stuff with him. And for some reason, Tony was feeling flushed despite the cool breeze. And the world began spinning.
Tony stood in front of Thanos, as he tried to find an opening, which was close to impossible, with Steve and Pietro constantly moving.
Sorry to leave on this angsty cliffhanger! The chapter was getting way too long and I need a little more time to work on the next one. They will work it out soon, I promise! I don't want Tony to suffer for much longer! Thank you so much for reading!
,” Banner informed them, and Tony had to stop himself from squealing at the change in Bruce's voice.
“That’s Tyranaksthon,” Steve explained, brushing away a layer of dust to reveal a plaque with an inscription on it.
She probed deeper, and narrowed her focus on Tony’s personal journey into becoming a dragon, going by the assumption that the heartstone had played a part.
It was happening (or not happening) again. Bruce was having issues turning into the Hulk. It seemed like being part of a big, loving family was doing
The silence over his earpiece was finally broken by the a harsh sob. “I know - I know - who you are,” Steve said, his breath hitching.
Clint held her arm, looking at her in concern. “Nat, I know how much he means to you. Stay out of this. You’ll only make it worse.”
With a snap of his fingers, Loki conjured up a goblet of wine, which rapidly filled to the brim and overflowed into a couple of vipers.
Tony spotted it, right under a pile of gold coins, glowing with the trappings of magic, all on its own.
Shock flashed in those alluring pools of gold, dazzling and shiny as Tony spoke. “Give him up?” he said in a broken voice. “I can’t.” Tony opened his mouth and closed it again. “Steve… I…”
He flexed his fingers, marvelling at the fluid motions of the gold-titanium covering his hands. “You - you finished the code,” shocked and impressed at the incredible feat of engineering that Steve had pulled off. All on his own.
The top was whirring quietly away, and it reminded Tony of the young boy spinning the heartewoode seed, desperately pleading with Tony to
“The Royal Healer?” Tony asked, recognising the name. Yinsen held his work in high regard and had often mentioned him in conversation.
Abruptly, Tony turned away, afraid that Steve would look into his eyes and see that he was no longer the same person he once cared about.
Despite the giggles, they made it through the verse, before falling under the tall oak into a heap of chuckles. Amidst the laughter, Clint groaned. “I broke something.”
Steve fought an eyeroll and waited patiently for them to finish, but they merely went on to the next verse - this time focused on his husband-to-be.
Nightmares had been constant companions, frequent and unwelcome visitors to their marital bed. A recurring one for Steve was an old memory. Yet, for Steve, the wound was still raw, having never been given the time to heal.
“It’s not like they put letters by the sides of these things, you know?” Rhodey fired back before disappearing to assist Thor.
“5B!” someone yelled and thrust one of those light, compact aerosol extinguishers into the newcomer’s small hands, and before Tony could volunter to go in, a head of gold hair had streaked past him and up the stairs into the jaws of death. Tony would have followed, if not for the fact that he was in the middle of an equipment demonstration but it wasn't long before the welcome sirens of the fire brigade filled their ears.
Steve felt his face crumpling and a sob escaped his throat. Those were Joseph’s own words to him when he explained why he had to leave them to fight in the Great War. “Because that’s what heroes do,” Steve sobbed.
The emperor looked down on him with a knowing smile. “And you’re walking away – to protect the people.”
“You know, Steve, I’ve never been on the Cyclone. I heard it’s - terrifying,” he choked, finding it harder to breathe, now that he was on top of the world.
Steve looked fragile, like he was about to break. Or maybe he was already broken, his sharp edges showing. Whatever it was, he needed to be handled with care.
“Tyrant’s Cave on King’s Isle,” Tony said. “It's an unconventional choice for a honeymoon,” Tony said.
Despite the darkening evening sky, Tony could see the deep gash on Steve’s arm. “Steve, you’ve been clawed – by a dragon,” Tony said, his heart aching. “I don’t think the super warrior potion is going to work on that.”
Steve was in between phases, or the virus was taking a bit of a break. Either way, the alpha looked relatively free of pain, just sleeping. Tony was tempted to watch him sleep, but he had a plan and time was not on their side.
“A cold war would do it too,” Tony said. He surveyed her red-rimmed eyes and the stiff smile on her face, indicating that she, like Steve, had been a victim.
Ahhh I'm feeling emotional. Excuse me while I go to a corner and cry. Thank you so much for joining me on this journey! I love you 3000! <3
Tony’s rambling halted to a brief stop as he tried to regulate his breathing and hide his anxiety, and found Steve staring expectantly at him with what looked like emotion swimming in his eyes. “Sorry, did you say something?”
Steve laughed at the admission, relieved he hadn’t been the only one. “You mean them, don’t you? The vows?” he asked, because he had to be sure.
Steve had been fearful to some degree, but only on Tony’s behalf. He wasn’t afraid of all dragons, and least of all of Tony. Still, he grimaced as he recalled the thoughtless words that had slipped out of his mouth, which must have surely hurt the man he loved and deepened the rift between them.
The short, easy drive soon had him turning into an empty spot by the kerb. He noticed the smoke almost instantly, and tried not to let it bother him too much. It wasn’t unusual for the city to be covered in a layer of smog, with new factories coming up in the industrial belt, producing everything from pencils to soap.
Trumpets blared as their red-and-white banners unfurled in the wind. Then, a herald stepped forward and introductions were made.
“Or, you can go to hell,” Tony said as he sliced his hand off with the blade Rhodey had slipped into the lab coat. He stabbed him a couple more times for good measure. “You take a minute,” he huffed, before grabbing the shield and his backpack.
Tony looked bashful as he approached him with the shield in his hand. It was one of those modern circular discs that you could throw, the striped outer rings painted red and white, and right in the middle, a single star against a blue background. “Will you keep this quiet? Didn’t make one for the whole team. Just you,” Tony said.
"It is,” Tony agreed, as relief and exhaustion coursed through his body. Using magic was taking up a lot of his energy and Tony had never felt more tired in his life. “Look, it’s been a long day. I’m going back inside the cave and then, Tony will be back out. Okay?”
The emperor wrapped his long claws around Tony’s neck and yanked him off from his neck, almost ripping his teeth out. Then a purple claw was in the air, streaming furious energy at Tony as he reeled backward, and tried in vain to evade the relentless strikes to his head.
“It’s late. I’ll get Happy to come around with the car,” Steve informed them when he finally returned, straightening his hair and dishevelled clothing. It’s impossible for Tony to ignore the light bruising dusting his knuckles.
Memories of the frightened boy, with the lightest of hair and the brightest of eyes, begging Tony not to close his eyes all those years ago in the Wanderer’s Woods.
As they streaked to their destination across the evening sky, Tony thought of a lone star, drifting through the universe before finding its twin and the rest of their cluster. Some called it a galaxy. He, however, called it a family.
As Tony bemoaned his missing share of pie, it forced Steve to appreciate just how much the prince had given up to be here with him. And it wasn’t even that he had Valorian hospitality to make up for the missed celebrations.
“No, she didn’t,” Steve choked. “What did you tell her?” he demanded when Tony laughed, cheering up at the sight of the king's embarrassment.
“No. Stand down. Now.” Steve directed, his voice thick. It’s an order. Something that Tony tended to comply with. But not this. Not when millions of lives were at stake.
It was nice, just spending time together, listening to the leaves rustling softly in the trees, with no talk of strategies and plans or swords and armour. Well, there was
“If you do this, none of your pasts are going to remain hidden,” Pierce told them, before focusing on Tony. “Mr. Stark, are you sure you’re ready for the world to see you as you really are?”
Tony paused, then opened his mouth again, saying the words as carefully as he could. “Your pal, your buddy, your Bucky.” He paused to swallow the huge lump in his throat. “He killed my mom.”
“Yes, sir. If anything, they’ve been improved by Captain Rogers to be heat-sensitive to enhanced individuals.”
"Yes," he said, and quite suddenly, forgot how to breathe or speak, because the beautiful man beside him had said his name and it sounded like angels singing “hallelujah” from way up high.
Peter stood up to rousing applause, and looked at Tony in disbelief, before cycling through the various emotions of happiness, pride and renewed determination. “Thank you,” he said, as his arms went around Tony’s sides.
Tony smiled fondly at Steve as he noted the tear tracks on Steve’s pink cheeks. There was no hiding the red-rimmed eyes and the lower lip that continued to tremble. For some reason, it bothered Tony, so before another word could escape those quivering lips, red and swollen from all that biting, Tony had closed the gap.
“Good morning, beloved,” Tony yawned as his arms closed around him from behind, giving rise to the alarming sounds of cracking joints.
It was there, on the throne of blackstone, almost entirely gilded in silver leaf, where they found the Emperor Thanos. Despite having lost some weight and looking somewhat more frail than the last time they’d seen him, those violet eyes glowered with smug confidence as the dragon rose from his throne.
Apart from the light dusting of pink on his cheeks, Steve was as fair as before – a fresh lily, blooming tall and proud, at least on the surface. Only a loved one would know his stiff posture was a result of being stricken by frost, the sweet sap within having long turned to ice.
Without waiting for an introduction, Thor took hold of Steve’s hand and clasped it warmly. “Steve Rogerson,” he said, as he thumped him on his back. “Word of your valiant deeds have travelled far and wide across the nine realms. Today, I am honoured to make your acquaintance.”
For the rest of the evening, Steve rode the waves of shared euphoria as he felt himself being pulled into one embrace after another, listening to what felt like a never-ending stream of congratulations.
Steve pulled him to his feet, and dragged his arms through the holes of his tunic. “The boat. We have to leave.”
“Leave that to us,” Pietro said as he landed behind Strange in a rush of wings, with Wanda just behind him, concentrating on her task.
Steve ignored the dragon’s calls, and broke into a run, going down a different set of corridors, toward the exit. And then he was flying, falling, landing all at once, crumpling into a heap beside a pile of clothes. It was just like the torn clothing he’d found outside the cave, where Tony had been unconscious and unclothed.
And fought they did. Like the reciprocating pistons of a well-oiled engine, they had each other’s backs, whittling their opponents down till they were the only ones left.
He had to lure the emperor away from Steve and his friends, even if it meant duelling the monster alone. After everything, it had come down to this. It was time – for Tony to embrace the prophecy and his role in it.
“This is dark Asgardian magic,” Strange grunted, and his arms strained with the effort of holding the barrier. “I’m afraid it’s beyond me.”
It was a sweet, melodious sound, and Steve wished to hear it again. And again. He knew he would do his best to make him laugh like that, every day, for the rest of their lives.
The sight of the incredibly rare iristone on Tony's hand filled Steve with so much pride that he barely noticed the dread closing in like an icy grip on his heart. It was a selfish notion — that Tony’s importance in a cosmic destiny would somehow relegate Steve’s importance to him, and that their paths had begun to diverge.
His eyes danced over Steve’s bare body as he admired his broad shoulders and arms, that muscled chest and small waist. Wandering hands grazed the planes of Steve’s back, stroking his skin lightly, before coming to rest at the back of his neck.
“Ooh, serpents!” Thor exclaimed, and put down his cup to reach for one as it vanished. “I’m sorry,” Thor said, as he wiped up the spilled coffee with the back of his hand. “I love snakes,” he explained. “But I’ll stop beating about the bush,” Thor added, when he noticed their eyes on him.
An unexpected wave of homesickness washed over him. “Thank you,” he said, feeling his eyes getting wet.
For close to a week, Tony had slipped in and out of consciousness, and spent most of his time in the latter state. While initially relieved that Tony had been mercifully spared from his suffering, a part of Steve was beginning to grow afraid.
Steve couldn't help but smile as he recalled his own excitement when meeting Redwing for the first time.
Steve stared him down as his voice turned cold. “You bring the crowns of conquered monarchs to my city. You threaten us with slavery and death. You insult my people,” he said, pausing to look at Nat, then Tony. “Oh, I have chosen my words wisely,” he stressed, as he looked at the Anguisian again. “You should have done the same.”
“Are you a good rider?” Steve asked as he considered his request. While he was happy to give the prince free rein, the terrain was challenging at some points
Once the female had made her escape, the male followed, and both of them vanished from their sight. Tony kept his eyes ahead and his wits about him, ready to fend off an attack at any time, even though they appeared to have ceased.
Steve had to clasp his hands tightly together to prevent himself from snatching the book out of Lord Strange’s hands. The sorcerer, as if oblivious to his inner turmoil, leafed through the pages at an infuriatingly slow pace and when he came to a pause, brows furrowed in concentration, Steve thought he would pass out from the suspense.
"Thanks, Mom.” He kissed her softly on her cheek, just before Jarvis arrived to take him to the entrance of the church, where their guests had gathered.
Nat rolled off quickly and hurled a taser disc at his metal arm. Soft cheers went around the room as contact was made, decommissioning the bionic arm for a couple of seconds.
Saturday night. The night they would take Steve’s motorcycle downtown, have cheeseburgers and milkshakes at a diner before watching a film at the local theatre.
It had stopped raining by then, but Steve wouldn’t have cared either way. He ran out of the bedroom and out of the door, speeding past the cottages and out the South Gate into the garden.
Tony furrowed his brows, hardly reassured. He had to do something, offer comfort in some way. “You hungry?” he asked.
Sam sat down beside him. “The potion amplifies everything that is inside. Good becomes great. Bad becomes worse. Even without the potion, you’d still be somewhere between – amazing and incredible.”
Tony scoffed. “You have a big gun. You are not -. Fine,” he sighed. “You go on up. I’ll draw them in.”
“He’s special,” King Howard finally said. “And we will grieve in his absence. But the oracle, Lord Strange, has spoken. And for some reason, he thinks – our boy is the chosen one.”
For a moment, Steve thought he felt the slight twitching of fingers, but he quickly dismissed it as a figment of his overactive imagination. Days of sleep deprivation and a constant exposure to poison had surely put a strain on his own body, which he was soon coming to distrust.
By the time Tony had the young man in the passenger seat, his face and lips were turning blue. Tony sped off, not caring where they went as long as it was far, far away from the smouldering fire.
Laughing, Steve turned him on his side and wrapped his long, strong arms around his body, pulling him closer to his chest. “What about now?”
Tony could tell from the troubled looks on the knights' faces that whatever they had wasn’t enough. “We’ll call on our reserves,” Steve said, reluctantly. “And our bannermen.”
Tony smiled in satisfaction as his gloved hands pulled out a particularly nasty sprout of black nightshade. Stalk by stalk, he weeded out the omissions and secrets and lies that had taken root in his heart and by evening, despite the hard work, felt fresh and zesty and full of life.
Tony’s eyes swept over the line of razor-sharp ridges along his back toward the arrow-shaped spike at his tail. “Sorry,” he said, trying not to squeak. “Do I know you?” he asked, as he took a second look at the vaguely-familiar reptilian face.
His eyes glazed over and hot tears spilled out of them. They weren’t the same proud tears he shed for a brother or his own father, when they fought bravely on the battlefield and died a beautiful death. The tears flowed in abundance, rolling down his cheeks, landing on her exposed forearm, right where the fang had pierced her skin.
“Bruce Banner, our Royal Healer. He manages the herb garden and our orchard. He didn't make it to our wedding unfortunately. He was feeling - um - indisposed. I’ll introduce you some day. You’ll like him. He’s a bit like you.”
And then there was a Leviathan. Took everything out of them to turn it belly up. And another one, and another one. Then, a whole armada.
Magic beat out of Tony’s heart and coursed through his veins. His body expanded with wings that burst out of his shoulder blades as his skin hardened into armour of red and gold. Whispering a nifty little charm he’d recently learnt, he transformed his chainmail shirt and trousers into the reinforced tips that covered the ridges along his back.
He told JARVIS to inform the captain he was leaving and reminded DUM-E to be good for his pops, programming him to manage the meals, housekeeping and laundry. Then, with a heavy heart, he waved goodbye to his robot child as the doors swished shut.
Tony forced himself to tear his eyes away from the mesmerising sight of Steve leaping off platforms and grappling bars in an impressive display of gymnastics. He had a job to do. He really needed to impress Steve.
Tony’s blurry eyes drifted to Steve’s mussed-up hair and his blue eyes shimmering with tears in a scene that was only too familiar.
Tony dived, and kept his head down, neck stretched and wings close to his back so as to hasten his descent. The gap between dragon and rider was closing by the second. Even so, the tops of trees were already whizzing by his head as Steve plummeted, like a rock toward the ground, at a deadly speed.
By doing both, he hoped that he would one day span the galaxy. It was to be a beautiful journey. And every journey began with one small step, one giant leap. Of faith.
A deep voice rumbled past him and echoed throughout the room. “I take it that the berserkers have failed.” When Thanos spoke again, his voice was beside Tony’s ear, and his hot breath was on his cheek. “But it’s brought you to me, at long last. I’ve waited so long to see you. And truly, you are magnificent.”
glowing faintly from behind Tyranaksthon’s plaque. Pressing the medallion between his palms, he could feel its magic flowing into his body. He barely managed to get it over his thick neck so the magic could flow directly into his heart.
, with the wind in his hair as he rode the waves. Sometimes, he drifted off on an adventure, book in hand, but mostly, he just enjoyed gazing outside the window as he pondered the secrets of the universe.
Tony had almost made it to the door before turning back. “My medallion,” he gasped, as he looked imploringly around the house. “I need it.”
“If he could do that, he could achieve heavy-ion fusion at any reactor on the planet,” Steve concluded, before fusing his hot mouth with Tony's.
He was a child, having only just celebrated his tenth birthday. They hadn’t hurt him. Even HYDRA had their limits. But they had no problems drilling the words into this man’s head, breaking him and his will to pieces as they turned him into their own
Tony cocked his head and gave him a look. “You know what just happened? We defeated their ships, slayed those beasts. But they’ll be back. And next time, they’ll fight to win.”
Steve’s gaze followed the lines of his neck toward his chest, resting for a few moments on his abdomen, before his bright blue eyes widened in horror. The king drew his sword, and pointed it at Tony's armoured chest.
Steve turned to kiss his forehead, and frowned at the fresh bruises on Tony’s shoulders and arms. Biting his tongue, Steve forced a smile for his beaming husband, all the while fuming at Strange for allowing this to happen.
Pietro held the other, and together, they tried to divest him of his rings as Wanda’s red mist surrounded the emperor’s body.
Tony studied the wedding band on his shaking hands. He was good with his hands. He’d use them to make their meals, keep their home clean. Their guests stood up, applauding. He waved, happiness out of his hands. For now. He would hold his head up and smile. Smile through his fear and his pain.
Clint had brought out the mandolin, which he was plucking cheerfully as he introduced the guests to their favourite dishes by way of song.
There were the constant reminders to take it easy, and to rest, which he promptly cast aside. Pacing around in tight circles kept the fatigue out of his limbs and gritty eyes were warded off by the occasional bout of tears.
“You’ve been through a lot. We cannot keep putting your life at risk,” Bruce said, looking at him in concern.
“Yeah? That’s what I thought,” Steve said. “I figured I’d just wait for the right person. And if I never found them, I’d just get by on my own.”
. Tony had even once remarked on the coincidence that their best friends shared the same given name. What was more incredible that neither of them went by it.
Circling the trunk, all that Tony could find were long, deep scratches around its bark that had been left behind by a long line of disappointed gem hunters. Tony let out a sigh, which contributed to the air of dismay.
For some time, Steve’s calming presence in his mind had kept the nightmares away. But where the bond had once been was now a void, leaving room for the monsters to come back. Something must have triggered the memories, many he wished to forget and more he knew he could not.
“No, we haven’t,” Tony agreed. “But did you really think I would leave after the war? Did you think I would leave – without you?” he asked, and the spots of pink that appeared on Steve’s cheeks was the only answer he needed.
“I learnt from the best,” Steve said and took her hand in his as they shared a moment remembering his late father.
Tony had missed him so much, hadn’t seen him since their wedding, because he’d been deployed almost immediately.
Steve blinked his eyes before looking beyond the garden. “It was so long ago. And we were very young. But yes, I suppose it might have been love.”
I want to thank everyone for their sweet words of encouragement. I think I really needed to hear that. I was torn between replying to your lovely comments and writing this chapter but I thought everyone would want to have a new chapter first. I will get to responding to the comments, I promise! :D
might and find that this isn't what you want. I’m not what omegas are supposed to be like and I don’t think I can change -."
. It included an algorithm for identifying targets - assessing people’s bank records, medical histories, voting patterns, emails, phone calls, even their damned SAT scores, to evaluate their past and predict their future.
Tony didn’t agree. It was curious though. Eggs didn’t normally do that, unless - “Uh, J, were they from the icebox?”
Lord Strange looked thoughtful. “I suppose one would have to be as specific as possible, so as to eliminate any ambiguity.”
Tony pressed his cheek against Steve's chest, wrapping his arms gently around his stiff body. Steve melted into the embrace, resting his chin on the top of his husband’s head. Tony could feel the bandages around Steve’s torso. It was only hours ago that he’d raced to the medical bay to find Steve bleeding all over Dr Cho’s operating table.
“I’ve got ideas for an upgrade,” Tony shared in a conspiratorial whisper. “How about wingflaps? Like flying squirrels gliding from tree to tree?  You’ll be adorable!” he almost squealed. “But then again, what am I talking about? Maybe that won’t be necessary. After today, we’ll retire the forge. Both of us will be moving on to bigger and better things. Am I right?”
Tony sat upright, arms beside him, stiffly. The suit was doing wonders for his posture. He listened to Steve go over their plan for the last time.
He fingered the carving of the beaver, MIT’s mascot, recalling the words the president had spoken before the presentation ceremony.
A long pause followed as the dragon hesitated about something. “You know what? This has gone on long enough. I’m just going to tell you,” he finally said as his eyes took on a determined look.
Concerned about snapping her only link to the heartstone, Wanda paused, as if to give him a breather, so Tony sucked in a deep breath and tried to breathe through the lingering pain. Scarcely had Tony regained control over his breathing before she was back inside his head, as her red eyes bored through his with a calm look of determination.
. Steve, who spent weeks sketching the mechanism. Steve, who spent months working with metals to make gears and balls and tracks in order to create a unique timepiece to mark this milestone. One year of marriage.
Steve placed his hand on his shoulder as he pushed his next point. “But if you walk out the door, you fight and you fight to kill. And if that’s the choice you make, then, Tony, you are an Avenger.”
Steve used to dream of marrying for love, like his own parents had. But people couldn’t always have what they wanted, not when the fate of the universe lay in their hands, not when war was at their shores. As far as political matches went, Steve thought he'd truly struck gold.
“The only thing that you can,” she answered, as she looked at him with a meaningful smile. “Your very best. And it starts with facing your problems, instead of running away.”
Jarvis shook his head, looking sad. “Sometimes, one can only do so much. The heavy rains last month wiped out our rose garden, which was growing right there. Nature, however, has her way of showing you the best plants to grow, and the ones that can weather a storm.”
“You know what?” Nat said, after a long moment. “I just fought a basilisk and I’m exhausted. So, I’ve decided. I’m done. This -,” she said, her hand sweeping over both of them. “This doesn’t have to end in a fight.”
Tony worked quickly to disassemble the weapons they supplied him with. Joints were unscrewed, pieces were cut, metals were melted. All reduced to their simplest form, mere cells, ready to be repurposed.
If Tyranaksthon was really in that cave, a dragon like Obie was exactly what it took to wake the sleeping beast.
So, they stayed in New York, which was fine for Tony. What he needed wasn't a quick recharge. It was a new battery.
The penthouse wasn’t a complete disaster, objectively speaking, but it had been evacuated in a hurry. Half-fried bacon lay sizzling in a warm pan and bowls of beaten eggs were chucked messily on the kitchen counter.
“I did a history project about you. Your mother’s name was Sarah. You used to wear newspapers in your shoes. And - you love pancakes.”
Steve liked the shield. Fantastic. Now, Tony could work on his suits. That current suit, which someone named Agent designed, did nothing for his ass. He was thinking a dark blue and white one. For stealth. And a red-white-blue one. For official appearances.
Nick winked in response, asking him if he kissed his husband with that mouth while Tony continued to gape in disbelief as he looked at the scanner with his dead eye, granting himself full access to the system.
“There’s something I don’t understand,” Bruce said, swinging around in his chair so he could look at Tony, who froze in Steve's lap, mid-caress. “You’re the only name in clean energy right now. Why weren’t you called in on the Tesseract project? What is the director not telling us?”
“Or we let them launch. But we change the targeting blades, have them triangulate and destroy one another. Get rid of the threat permanently.”
Tony raised a brow. “I’m just going to the other side,” he explained, with a small smile of amusement, before climbing in beside him.
A head of overgrown curls, adorned with a crown of gold and red rubies, came into sight. He was too far away for Steve to make out his features, but the soft hair, sharp jawline and the graceful curve of his neck made him the most beautiful person Steve had ever seen, and Steve was unable to look away from the magnetic presence who was Anthony Stark.
“Uh – guys,” he interrupted. “I think Jarvis wants the pips. And Ana wants the zest. So you could, maybe, just take the parts you want? And leave me the rest for lemonade.”
Steve leaned over Nat’s body, and his eyes stung with hot tears as he moved in to kiss her cold forehead.
Tony’s explanation was convincing enough, although it didn’t take much to persuade Steve where his husband was concerned. “Your call,” Tony said, in a bright voice.
The rest of them continued their assault on the weakened beast - shooting arrows, thrusting spears and swinging swords. Then the Hulk grabbed the other end of Nat’s spear and impaled the serpent further, ending his life with a final smash against a steel mast. Mortally wounded, the basilisk’s yellow eyes dimmed as he went eerily silent.
Maybe, Steve been forced into this marriage too. Had to take on a mate to show he was stable. Steve said he was helping. He must have meant the cooking and cleaning. Tony supposed he did them well. He always gave his 100% whatever the task was. Steve was just showing his appreciation. For a job well done.
Honestly, I can so relate to Tony and his secret identity because I feel like I'm having one myself, terrified of being discovered out of bed, typing away at my laptop in the middle of the night. Is anyone going through the same thing?  Please share because I desperately need to feel like I'm not alone. :D
“Tony,” Steve sighed, tiredly, caught off-guard by the sight of Tony in full battle armour, spoiling for a fight. He paused in the doorway, taking in the waves of hostility directed his way.
Tony glared at Pietro, whose eyes shone with mischief. “Dragonbone,” he said in amusement as he ran his fingers along the shield’s edge. “Magic metal and you’ve used it on a shield.”
“I had hoped to see him again, you know? Even wished he was with us at the Gladioli Fields, but of course, that’s so selfish. Why would I want him there?” Steve paused to let out a soft sigh. “Could never convince him to stay away from a fight. I don’t know how you did, and that’s why you’re the one for him, Schellehead. Tony was right to choose you.”
Shuffling about on his large feet, Tony soon found their little hut, where they'd once kept their fishing equipment and hunting gear. With it as a point of reference, he began to explore the surroundings, all the while keeping his eyes peeled for the will-o-the-wisps, or those little balls of glowing blue light that had beckoned him deep into the woods that fateful night.
Steve blinked away the tears welling behind his smarting eyes. “Yes,” he said around the lump in his burning throat. “Because you’re not going to give him up.”
He wasn't going to make the weapon for them. If they were the terrorists he thought they were, there was too much blood on his hands already. He wouldn’t never be able to wipe it out, wash it away.
And he came to realise there were three kinds of guardian angels. There were the Howard Starks, who drove you down well-trodden roads paved with good intentions. There were the Steve Rogerses who trailblazed through the wilderness to build you highways. And finally, there were the Edwin Jarvises, who gently guided lost children back onto their boulevards of mended dreams, one roundabout comment at a time.
An older version of Pietro’s face, with grey eyes and silver hair came to his mind. It belonged to a man who read minds and moved things, just like Wanda did. And if King Maxwell of Anguisia was their father, they had to be the Eisenhardt twins.
Tony reached for the claws, and tried desperately to prise them off. The world spun around him as his throat and lungs burned. Hot tears welled up in his eyes as the edges of his vision went black, and all he could hear was the emperor’s voice.
. He always purchased from large stores, so Steve couldn’t tell what he’d bought from the credit card statement. And he never bought them all at once.
s. Even when the world had conspired to stop him or slow him down, his husband had been his biggest champion, silencing his critics and giving him the resources, the support and space to pursue his goals.
Tony stiffened, pulling away. “And where is your knight?” he asked, as an unreadable look flashed across his face.
“Steve!” Tony shouted as he darted after him, but Pietro was in the way, with the shield in his hand. From over Pietro’s shoulder, he could see Steve lying in a lifeless heap, after possibly hitting his head against one of the marble pillars.
“Clever. Bruce can find a way to grow anything he wants. It does help that plants seem to take well to our soil, even the heartewoode you're leaning against."
“You can’t possibly think we can really survive without a war. Swords and spears, armour and shields. That’s our legacy. And what we did, what I did, was keep the world from falling into chaos,” Obie said.
With a slight shift of his head, Tony could see the wooden top, indeed hovering above the wooden box as it spun. “It’s brilliant,” Tony whispered, and each word caused him excruciating pain.
By the time he got to the bar, the party was in full swing and Rhodey and Peter, who’d stayed human to fit behind the counter, were using their powers to fulfil the incessant waves of orders, which they served in receptacles of all shapes and sizes.
He eyed the robots at the foot of his bed, the damned useless machines, which had once given Steve a glimpse of who he was.  Tony had been euphoric that night, when Steve had told him he was a mechanic. He was thrilled at having found a kindred spirit, someone who understood.
Tony raised a brow. “So, you end work late and start early. Are you really that busy or is this your gentle way of turning me down? Because I can take a hint, but it really would be easier if you just said no.”
“And today, you saved me,” Steve countered. “You can’t go on helping me indefinitely because of that.”
“Tony,” he whispered, gently shaking the distressed prince to get his attention. “The house is on fire!”
“I’ve been doing some research myself,” Tony admitted, voice dropping to a whisper. “Found a few points of interest, some things that didn’t quite add up.”
“I’m sorry. What?” he said when he finally noticed Steve looking at him. He was smiling tenderly at him too, as if he were his favourite person in the world. “There you are,” he said. “I missed you.
The look in Steve’s eyes was hard. As was the set of his jaw. Tony knew what he looked like, alone in another alpha’s arms in a deserted part of the building. He wanted to explain himself, to apologise, to fall at Steve’s feet and beg for forgiveness but the words didn't come.
Outside, the sun was shining brightly in the sky and the warm air was filled with the songs of the birds. Inside his blanket, already damp with his tears, Steve could feel himself fading in the dark.
The setting sun cast a pink glow on Steve’s lightly-flushed cheeks and Tony realised how much he wanted to kiss those chocolate-stained lips. But he couldn’t – not now – not like this – if he wanted something more. Mess this up and there would be no second chances, no do-overs. So, first, he had to –
“No, no, no, Tony. Please,” the king pleaded as he tore the fabric of his tunic, wrapping it around Tony’s wounds to stanch the bleeding.
Tony panicked, instantly reaching out for it. “Don’t. Okay. Yes, it is his gauntlet. Don’t. Don’t hit that. Steve. Give it to me. Please,” he pleaded, trying to snatch it back from the taller man, who held it just out of reach.
Tony watched absently as his mother brushed his hair, sighing softly as his unruly locks refused to comport themselves to her will. In the end, she doused his head in half a bottle of hairspray, pressed hard on his wild mane, and nodded in satisfaction when it finally stayed.
There was a faint cry, before the queen’s shoulders slumped backward and Howard caught her before she fell. Swiftly, he led his wife to the nearest armchair, as Nat hurried over with some smelling salts.
For a few seconds, Steve mulled over the question. “Tony,” he said. “I am glad, I really am, grateful even, that you were there that day. But, you have to understand. I can’t. There's no way I can put you on the team.”
The clouds swirled together in a misty greeting, and welcomed Tony back to their embrace. Supported by the westerly winds, he glided ahead and was soon flying over the Dracarex Hylls, which hissed furiously, as they spewed ash and smoke all over the Midlands.
Because I am a very unoriginal person, there aremany references here from hmmm MCU films, Parks and Recreation and
Bucky opened his eyes and gave him a dazed smile. “Excelsior!” he cried as he raised an imaginary glass, before descending into a fit of giggles.
Tony laced his fingers with Steve’s. “That explains. Now I know why when I met you – again, it felt like I’d known you all my life.”
It hurt. His heart ached in all the worst possible ways, for him to learn that Steve was rejecting him like this. He couldn’t even tell Tony himself, choosing to go through the director.
“Nooo!” Tony screamed, as he surged forward and landed in front of Steve, right as Thanos pierced his sword-like talons into his sides, scorching his skin with fire and lightning, acid searing deep into his wounds. As Thanos withdrew his talons, fresh blood poured from Tony’s wounds.
Maria looked timelessly beautiful as she lay at rest. A devoted mother and wife, she was a paragon of virtue, and taught Tony close to everything he knew about people and life. He stayed by her side whenever he could, keeping vigil as she slept, unable to tear his eyes away from her powdered face and décolletage.
“This is it?” Tony asked, as he eyed the budding leaves on its branches. “This is where it was hiding? And no one knew? Not even Bruce? How on earth did you manage that?”
“A husband. You might have heard of him. Tall guy, very handsome. Hates bullies. He’s got a very particular set of skills, skills he’s acquired over a very long career. Skills that make him a nightmare for people like you. So, if you take me back before he finds out, everything will be fine. Or not. I can't promise anything. He's got a temper. But if you don’t, then all of you are dead.”
Tony rubbed the tip of his snout against the cheek of soft stubble. “It’s going to be fine. Today, we bring the fight to Thanos – and we’re gonna win,” he said, quoting quietly from Steve’s speech just moments before.
“I met them all, you know? Your robots. Before I even met you. I was at your house. You weren’t home. Your mom- She offered me a slice of your apple pie. Said it was your homework for a baking module. It was perfect. The kind of perfect that could only be made by a machine, a robot. DUM-A, I think.”
A masked man in the way of his speeding vehicle fired a disc grenade, which exploded, flipping Fury’s car. The car careened in the direction of the mysterious stranger, who calmly stepped aside at the last second, and then, it crashed onto the highway. The assassin made his way to the wreck, ripping the door in an impressive display of strength.
Tony nodded. He’d take whatever Steve could give him. Wrapped in Steve’s arms and scent, Tony drifted into a sleepless dream. Filled with longing. For an alpha he loved with all his heart. A husband who would never love him back.
Tony was in the air, riding the dracanix and beckoning him to get on before the whirlpool could drag him toward the ocean bed. He leapt off the kraken and onto the dragon, just behind Tony, before being taken for a ride around Shieldberg Bay.
Steve could feel the pain bleeding out of those words. “My heart is broken for your loss,” he offered.
“I wouldn’t have agreed, had this arrangement been to another monarch. But everyone agrees that this is a good match. And Anthony – this is what he wants.”
Tony got between them, standing protectively in front of Steve. “Steve, Sputnik, how nice to see you getting along."
The bond. Their wires had crossed in the beginning, but they had since been straightened out. They were connected, for better or worse. If Tony was broken, then so was Steve.
Steve and Tony arrive at Shieldberg and Tony learns more about Steve and his new country. They receive a message from Emperor Thanos.
"Yes," Steve said quietly, and as their eyes met, his blue eyes were burning so brightly that Tony thought he was looking at fire itself. He realised he could go on all day – watching this fascinating creature with the bright eyes and full lips and wonderfully-shaped hands he wanted to reach for and hold.
“All right, back up,” Rhodey said, when Tony flew under his glimmering silver wings. You’re going to get your wings frozen,” Rhodey warned. He released a barrage of hailstones at the berserkers below him, which caused the enemy to rapidly disperse.
Hot tears fell on the stone floors as Steve buried his head in his arms. His cheeks burned with shame, as he recalled all the times he’d foisted himself on his reluctant husband, who was only pretending to return his affections, even though he already had someone else.
This chapter is quite different because Steve wasn't in it, but I hope you noticed that he wasn't very far from Tony's mind. It's a shame this whole story is from Tony's POV so we can't really tell what Steve is thinking but I assure you he is drowning in a pool of pain and angst and suffering.
He opened his mouth. Then, closed it again. He wasn’t tongue-tied, nor suffering from stage fright. Talking to large groups of people had never been a problem.
He’d started out with something pure. Something exciting. An adventure. Then came the mistakes, the compromises. Until he lost sight of himself in the smog around him.
It was particularly hard to watch his mother's final moments. He couldn't breathe as he watched her terrifying struggle with the flesh hand around her neck, squeezing. He’d had his doubts then, seeing the purple marks on her powdered neck.
Tony planted a kiss on his cheek and got to his feet, as he mumbled something about a garden. He babbled on about seeds and cuttings before he hurried off in the direction of Bruce’s cottage.
Steve had told him the Black Widow was going to be there, providing additional security for the Stark Industries Gala but nothing could have prepared him for her presence. She was so beautiful and sexy in that red dress, her tiny waist accentuated in a gold belt. Tony couldn’t take his eyes off her. And neither could Steve.
Sam shrugged, clearly unfamiliar with literary works from the Middle Kingdom. “Well, in any case, we don’t have the ships. At least not till the Howlies get here.”
Dark wings sprouted from Obie’s back as his talons lengthened into swords. His skin thickened to scales, even though blood continued to ooze from the deeper cuts. While looking considerably weaker than when he first started, Obie was still a dragon and had every advantage over Tony.
Returning the previous night after a long week of riding, Tony had fallen into a deep slumber. Now, awake and well-rested, he could better appreciate his new lodgings and his own bedchamber. Tony had assumed that his new status as a married man came with someone to share a room with, if not a bed, but maybe this arrangement was another Valorian tradition - to wait or something along those lines. There was still so much he had to learn about his new country.
He vaguely heard Wanda shouting at Pietro to fetch Lord Strange from the fields, as Steve desperately tried to close his wounds. Tony focused on his own heartbeat getting slower, and his breath coming in shallow gasps.
“To take you to our basement. You’re not the only one with secrets, he said, showing Tony the key in his hand.
Tony’s eyes widened with surprise, before they sparkled with delight. “Of course, a horse! To celebrate a stable relationship. A stallion though? Thought you’d get me a mare for getting mare-ried!” he said, giggling at his joke.
Tony’s eyes grew large. What was Steve talking about? He was Captain America. He could have anyone. But he made Tony feel special. And wanted. What kind of alpha finds out his omega has been fooling around with tools only to give them a fully-equipped workshop? Steve, apparently.
Hi! Sorry I took so long to update! This chapter is longer than the rest so hopefully it makes up for things a little bit. I just wanted to get into Tony's headspace for a while, to outline some of his motivations for becoming Iron Man. After being kidnapped, I think being Iron Man was the only way he knew to keep himself safe. He realised he couldn't count on anyone else (not even Steve who had his own issues) to take care of him.  I hope it sort of came though. Please let me know what you think! Thank you so much!!! <3
Taking a deep breath to steady himself, Tony took a step down the cave-like tunnel towards the high gates, and when heavy footsteps echoed behind him, he breathed a small sigh of relief.
Within the crucible, the flames danced merrily, and Steve gazed at them with the same focus he gave his birthday candles, on which he invariably wished for the same things – peace for the kingdom, justice for Valoria’s enemies, and under his breath, when he was sure no one could hear, he always made one for himself.
While Tony barely responded to the first and second injections, the third one brought about a distinct reaction, even if the muffled groan and the quiet trembling hadn’t quite been the one they were expecting.
“Unless we destroy the main ship, these guys will keep coming. They’ll find a way to open another portal.”
Ferrumarx, with its impressive view of the coast and the seas beyond it, was the perfect place for Tony to watch for signs of invading troops.
