"I made such a mess" He said "I'm sorry, fuck, sorry." His voice was shaken, scared.
Obviously Dean's wet dreams were effecting his unconscious roommate. The smell of Castiel was being overrun by the scent of Dean's arousal.
“My fucking god, what is wrong with them!” Castiel demanded pulling at his hair, and disheveled it even further than his average bedhead.
Both Dean and Cas crashed the second they made it home. The visit wasn't awful and Dean almost regretted leaving. His father was horrible but he had the rest of his family. He wished he spent more time with Sam and Adam.  But for right now Dean just burrowed into the covers next to Cas and tried to push all thoughts from his mind, it wasn't worth beating himself up. It was over, he would see them again soon.
“Cas!” Dean shouted jumping off the bed and out into the hallway that was filled with other alphas. “Castiel!” Was the last thing he screamed before the alpha disappeared into the stairwell. Dean stood motionlessly in the hallway as other wolves shot conspicuous  looks over at him. The breath was knocked out of him as bile rose in his mouth, what had he done? He had screwed up so terribly, the mark was the only thing that kept Cas by him. He didn’t love him, not like Dean so blatantly did. Dean chewed the inside of his cheek. What was he to do now?
Again Dean was pressed back into his pillow but this time he kicked off his blanket to regulate his heated skin.
(I am assuming that you have read the relationship tags. If not there is a really small DeanxJo in here but it isn't love they are more best friends who do it so don't worry they have no feelings for each other at all.)
“It’s called the weather channel app, smartass.” Dean walked over towards Cas. “Now let’s go.” He pulled his books he left on Castiel’s desk and they both exited the room. They walked quietly through the lounge, receiving a few looks from some of the alphas there. Dean still smelt like alpha and sex so he was attracting a little more attention from wandering eyes. Nothing threatening especially since he was clearly claimed.
“Come here you stupid head.” Jo walked over and hugged her naked friend and gained a small growl from Castiel, she was an alpha after all.
“You bastard!” Dean exclaimed hitting his chest, “Oh my god! You took German, not French!”  Cas could only nod and Dean couldn’t help but roll his eyes and start to laugh with him. One day he was totally going to kill Cas. “Okay get yourself together smartass we need to go back downstairs, time for some family tradition.”
"Since when is coffee a dinner date? I was just going to talk to Alfie. And we have a class tonight and I was thinking you might want a caffeine kick before Sex ED class."
“Are those fighting words?” Dean laughed as he pulled back from Castiel's affections.
"Meg was there." Castiel's eyes never left the stone under his feet, he could feel the blood drain from his face and saw Alfie stiffen slightly. Talking about it was still hard, especially to his family even if they didn’t know the whole story.
The walk to the Sex ED class was long and a little awkward. Cas had the overwhelming urge to hold Dean’s hand, but he knew that must have been a rule. So his hand tapped the side of his leg, as he bit on the plastic of the coffee cup.
"No, sorry Cas. I just-" Dean started walking towards the door.
“Fine, well, I want to know the panty story.”
The thrust became increasingly faster and harder, Dean knew he would have bruises on his body from this. And once it reached its crescendo of pushing in and pulling out Castiel collapsed. Neither of them had come and Cas weaved his hand down to warp around Dean's soft cock to work his back to attention. Castiel changed to slow shallow pulls and muffled whimpers. He stretched out his neck to capture Dean's lips and tangle his tongue into the omegas mouth.
Oh my gosh hello everyone!
"Well, I just have some questions I guess." Dean wondered how he would word this without letting Jo know he went against the one thing she told him to do.
he thought taking the rest of the ride in silence.
(See the end of the chapter for
“No it is true, I saw it on the internet.” The beta seemed pissed and her friends started backing her up.
They continued that way for what felt like forever, each switching from offence to defence but never stopping the dance, they were panting and sweat pooled at the back of their necks and foreheads. It was the winning blow, Castiel aimed a fist at Dean’s face that was grabbed out of the air, just as Cas did in the beginning Dean spun him around and pinned his arms back. But he shoved them both to the ground onto their knees. Going one step further he pushed Castiel’s face into the mat and leaned down to latch his teeth onto the side of Castiel’s neck, never breaking skin. It looked as if Dean was mounting the alpha as they both panted.
Halfway through the drive it started pouring, the wipers could barely keep up with the brutal pounding of the water down the windshield. They had barely exchanged any words and the silence was devoured by the storm outside. Dean was speeding down the empty road much faster than he should have in these conditions but Dean couldn’t ease up, like the stress and tension in the car was pressing his foot down on the peddle.
Ravishing each other they dragged their hands over every inch of skin in reach, as if tangling their tongues and clawing at one another would make them one. Dean felt no guilt as he traces a greedy line of kisses across Castiel’s jaw, dragging his tongue across stubble. His heat wasn’t pushing him to do this and even though they have had out of heat sex it wasn’t like this. Still high of the joy of their ‘non-date’ it only added to the excitement that ignited between their lips. Nipping and sucking at Castiel bottom lip he maneuver them so Castiel was as close to lying down as possible and Dean straddled his hips. Dean cradled Castiel face as he deepened the kiss as Cas snaked one hand up to trace Dean’s spine and the other firmly grabbing his ass. Their scents mixed to create the smell of sweet flowers and sun kissed air, honey and lemon grass. It was completely intoxicating and Dean fell into the moment with such a burst of unknown warmth in his stomach, threading his fingers through Castiel’s thick hair.
Dean dropped his towel into the hamper and dressed  in a band t-shirt and jeans.  He flopped onto his bed, he hasn't felt this good in days. His body is thriving with life and energy is ignited in his bones. He decides it's the perfect time to put his energy into his English composition.
“Oh, fuck, Cas.” Castiel rumbled a growl from the back of his throat, marking Dean’s neck, chest, everywhere he could bite skin. It wasn’t the bite, but it felt so good to do it. Their scents mixed together so well, Dean was right, there was the smell of honey, and grass seed? No, maybe it’s a tea-smell, it was sweet and earthy and, just so good.
"Now that you have that I should probably go, so you can ummm use it." Dean's head snapped up and dropped the purple knot he was holding.
"Ah, Cas yeah k-keep going!" Dean bent over farther , giving Cas better access to his balls. Castiel marveled at Dean’s flexibility and made a mental note to test it if given the chance.Cas pushed faster pumping harder and turning to nip at Dean's thigh.
"Yeah that's all, thanks Blondie."
"So I don't have long, why not get your self-lubricating ass dressed and meet me in the lobby because we are gonna grab some grub." Jo gave a smile and nod at Cas and accusing look at Dean.
“Well, you’re the first person I’ve, really, slept with.” Castiel said, choosing his words carefully.
“I don’t know man, he just did and at first I thought you followed me there. He said he would rape me as a message to you for a rematch. I told him to fuck off and I twisted my ankle and fell. He fucking jumped on me and we fought, I smashed his nose in and he scratched my shoulder. So I bit him and he started to strangle me, I found a rock and smashed his head. I ran off, as fast as I could, looking like this, as far as I know he is still breathing so we should call someone out there. Attacking a mated omega is a serious crime so he should have a hell of a problem getting out of that one.” Dean took a deep breath and twitched his leg as Castiel applied a cream onto his raw skin and wrapped a bandage around his thigh. Castiel took one last look over Dean’s body. His shoulder and hand were bandaged, he couldn’t do anything for his neck or face other than ice it but he knew Dean would protest. He would have a nasty bruise and a hard time getting around, but for tonight Dean would sleep.
“You son of bitch, Castiel! Why didn’t I know about this?” Anna ran her slender fingers over the mark and she seemed giddy at the sight of it.
"I-I'm sorry, I seem to get into these odd-" Castiel said shocked at his apparently uncontrollable action.
"Did I ask you?" Azazel's tone was cold and precise. Like those four words soul purpose was to diminish any scrap of self worth Dean had. He hates to admit it, but it was working.
Sam cleared his throat and nudged Castiel into Dean’s side. Dean easily welcomed him with a hand around his waist and smiled at his mom. She looked Castiel over with slight confusion and then back at Dean.
"Well thanks." Dean turned around and pat the space next to him becoming Castiel over.
“Oh, well you sound like Gabriel, Alfie, and I. We would sneak out into the back woods and play hunt. Who ever could sneak up and tackle the other first. We played to ten and Ann would always come out and yell at us, she was like a mom back then.” Castiel smiled at the nostalgia of his childhood, back when everyone was an ‘alpha’ before Gabriel was exiled and Cas saw the true faces of his parents.
Castiel sighed and looked at the time, a half hour had already passed and he had about a fifteen minute run back to the dorm. Dean was probably clawing at the walls. He just hoped Dean would deny any of his first heat instincts and keep the door shut. Not that for a second Castiel thinks omegas are mindless sexed up needy animals when they're in heat. Just the first heat is usually the worst. Same with the first heat after mating. Sometimes the temptation of ridding themselves of that feeling is enough to drive them into doing things they wouldn't normally do.
“Oh if you’re so sure of yourself why don’t we go prove how wrong you really are Winchester.” Castiel gave a crooked smile and challenging eyes. It was an offer Dean couldn’t say no to.
"Hey, Cas." Dean wouldn't look up from the crumpled paper and his leg was bouncing anxiously.
"Why not, he's a good pup. And he will find out sooner or later might as well hear it from us"
“No, baby but I’m all yours.” Dean panted as he looked down at Castiel burying himself between his legs. Castiel’s knee pressed down on a hard plastic rectangle which was...interesting, but Dean’s reaction to it was much more interesting.
“You keep threatening that but I always end up knotted in your ass.”
“Ah, yes you are one for the traditional alpha role.” Jo snorted, Ash was obviously harassing her.
“Like self defence?”
"Cas! God you're going to kill him!" Dean pulled Castiel back and Alistair scrambled to his feet but Cas got one good kick to the man’s gut before he ran into the shadows.
“Green.” Castiel gave half a smile as Dean made it closer.
"Fuck." Dean had been really neglecting his work, what with Castiel's rut and the heart attack-inducing freak out over the pregnancy scare. Dean decided he should go to the library and work instead of going to eat with Cas. With a sigh, Dean pulled himself off the bed and grabbed his books from his desk. He would much rather do his work here but he was in need of a few books he could only find at the library. Throwing everything into his bag he made his way out of his room. Locking his door behind him he started off down the moderately empty hallway.
"I've been trying to figure out the same thing. This guy at the library gave me a book and he was kinda creepy, Crowley I think his name was." Dean said trying to keep his voice low but relatively normal as to not set off alarm bells in Castiel’s mind.
With an irritated sigh Dean painfully rolled over to look at Cas.
"It isn't me you should be apologizing to." At that Mary turned and left the room. John let out a breath, he didn't care about Castiel. The problem was by Dean getting a mate he will probably get knocked up. That's not a manly thing to do. But John had thought of that a long time ago.
“Dean, you joining me?” Castiel called from the bathroom Dean could hear the shower running and made quick work of his clothes. It had been several weeks since Alistairs attack and Dean was healing up nicely. A scar was left on his shoulder but other than that he was great. Mentally Dean was better, after their episode in the impala he and Castiel slowly started exchanging small facts between them. How they like their coffee, their favorite TV show- of course Castiel was Doctor Who- and if Batman could beat Superman, they came to a mutual agreement that he totally could.
"You look so good in my clothes. You should wear them more often." Castiel arched his neck to give Dean better access. It was such a submissive move but neither of them cared. Dean loved touching and smelling Cas and Cas loved the soft tickle of Dean's stubble.
"I'm not a damn knothead, Dean!" Castiel paused to collect himself "I'm not like my pack, maybe if we exchanged more than two words a day you would know that! But the bigger question here is, are you an omega?" Castiel voice was rising with every word and it made Dean want to roll over on his back and submit. But Dean has spent his whole life suppressing those instincts and he can do it again.
"You gonna cum for your alpha, Dean? I'm going to make you scream." Castiel growled and Dean moved his hand to start stroking himself. "No!" Cas snarled and Dean froze, lowering his hand back down.
“First one pinned by the throat.” Castiel smiled, he liked those rules.
“Your middle name is Alexander?” Dean paused and tried to hold back a laugh. “like in CAN?” They both started laughing again and in all truth nothing that either of them said was truly funny.
A stray tear fell from the corner of Castiel’s eye and he fought with the dark thought in his head that he was too late. He knew he wasn’t he couldn’t be this was Dean, he was a force to be reckoned with and he would put up the fight of his life.
"Didn’t I say this before? Famous last words." Dean laughed and took more of Castiel’s fries. Dean hoped Cas didn't question him later on about Crowley if he could he wanted to keep the man as far off Castiel’s radar as possible as to not start any fights.
"Turn for me, I'll patch you up. Why didn't you tell me I was hurting you?" Castiel really seemed upset about this and manhandled Dean to turn.
heat flashes over Castiel's face and fear cut through his gut. The room was suddenly twenty degrees hotter and Castiel started to panic.
He slid his card and took his bags, yes plural bags of sex toys.
Sometimes jacking off is more work than it’s worth but others Dean just can’t help himself. Dean has had sex with only a few people. One was his childhood friend Jo. She knew he was an omega so there wasn’t anything to hide from her. They never dated, only a friends with benefits deal between them. It worked out nicely, freshmen year he would come home from break and they’d go at it. They hadn’t done it in a while, he knew she was looking for a mate.
(See the end of the chapter for
Castiel didn't talk much about Meg in the weeks after but Dean didn't push, he knew enough. He was stuck, no way he could come out to his parents and tell them what happened. He was an alpha and in their eyes, he should always be in power. From what Castiel has told him it was more of him forced into sex with Meg and him being punished for not knotting her. It was victim-blaming at its finest, and it killed Dean to know his mate and thousands like him suffered from it.
"Well with that mark we are mates, you don't have to move and the alphas will leave you alone. And since I don't have one it's not a completed mating we'll just lie, and say you bit me somewhere else.” Dean rubbed the bridge of his nose and shook his head.
“Oh babe, don’t be a sore loser.” Dean chimed playfully.
"I know, god Dean I am so sorry I brought you here." Castiel rubbed Dean's lower back as an apology.
"Oh, um yeah." Dean reached out to take it. "Thanks."
"Nope but I'm sure it's what makes shit taste good." Dean shoved another handful in his mouth. Castiel chucked and took a few chips too.
"Hello, welcome to McDonalds how may I help you?" With a big grin, Dean ordered such a large quantity of breakfast food one man shouldn't be able to down it all. And out of the corner of Castiel's eye, he saw it 'apple pie back for a limited time!' Castiel stifled yeah this was a religious day for him.
“I was joking, we’re out alone in an abandoned parking lot eating dollar pies. It suits you.” Dean gave his a smile as he chewed being sure to keep his mouth closed.
"We just, what?" Castiel finally asked because he had no idea what his sleep -and orgasm- dazed mate was talking about.
"Well come on!" He demanded and Castiel's hips snapped into a rhythm and almost sobbed with joy from Dean’s command. Pushing in deep and slow drawing out any possible sound from Dean’s lips. And boy did he have some. A string of curses followed by begging and then babble of cries and whimpers.
They didn’t speak about the events that transpired in the bedroom after that. Castiel Was able to stay unwaveringly chipper throughout Beckett’s party. Dean must have reeked of worry because Balthazar came over to him. He was leaning against one of the walls in the tiny living space watching Castiel play amiably with Beckett. He was holding a paper party cup with Pascal, Rapunzel’s pet chameleon in the Disney movie Tangled on it.
. Another spike of rage flared in him. If every other instinct in him didn’t convince him Dean was in trouble this pushed him to the edge. Thinking quickly Castiel pulled his hand up to his mouth and bit down, hard. Taking his bleeding hand he walked over to the emergency service button and pressed down making sure to smear his blood across the poll. He wasn’t going to sit and wait for security to show up but his blood should alert them that something was wrong and give them a trail to follow.
“I-I mean I like it.” Dean chuckled. “Maybe a little more on the hanger but-.”
“Yeah right.” Castiel murmured Dean’s laugh was cut short by the sound of a door slamming.
“Lucifer, back off.” Castiel obviously had less restraint when it came to his brothers and if Dean remembered correctly Lucifer was the one sleeping next door. The room was quiet for a few more beats and Dean was trying to put names to faces. Cas had given him a quick description of his brothers. The tall dark haired one was Michael and next to him was probably Uril based on the permanent glare plastered on his face. Heaster was obviously the blonde woman standing behind her mother Naomi. It seemed a few of the pack was missing.
“Uh, n-no I’m sorry I’ll just-” Before he even finished Dean backed out towards the exit and bolted. Holding his sweatshirt and books close to his chest as he started for the door. Pushing out te cool air was refreshing on his clamy skin, he was really over thinking what Pamela said. It wasn’t even worth sharing, that’s how unimportant it was. He would just keep it to himself.
"No, you're bleeding!"
“Yeah I bet,” he replied. Balthazar smiled sadly.
“C-Cas, are you in rut?” Dean managed to get out between Castiel’s relentless kissing and marking.
“You came to watch the show?” He asked as he sidestepped Castiel’s charge. With a huff, he spun on his heels and positioned himself in an attack stance, slightly bent at the knee he still held the brick in his left hand. From what he could gather the man in front of him was unarmed and seemed to be sent out here alone to take on Castiel. He omitted the most grotesque scent, not like Crowley who made you sneeze once he approached. This man reeked of spoiled meat and onions. His deepest intentions were pure evil. Castiel would have gagged if it was any other situation but he held his composure.
“Tell me what’s wrong and I will.” Dean knew he should just slow the stupid car down but he was desperate to know what happened.
I'm getting off track. I'm emailing you because I can't call you now since it's like 2am. I just wanted to tell you I love you. I know this was an expensive school and I really appreciate your help with getting me in. Tell Sammy and Adam I'm expecting Stanford out of those two!
The car ride was full of Castiel questioning Dean and him insisting he just wait and see. That was the cause for his confusion when Dean pulled into the fast-food parking lot.
"Okay, me. Weeeelllll." Cas drew out the word as he tried to think.
"Yes, baby take all of me I'm yours." He hugged Castiel tight to his chest and buried his nose into the alphas wet hair.
"No it's not" Cas countered sticking out his tongue, Dean made a face back.
"Now Castiel why wouldn't you tell me you have this diamond as a mate? Witty and cute." Castiel stood up and walked over to Rachel.
“I can do this.” He whispered to himself breathing out. A little self-motivation did little to calm his nerves.
"Good, because there is a line Cas. And walking into the alpha Novak pack is crossing it. I mean I know we've been playing jumprope with the line lately. With the out of heat sex and showers and sleeping together. It's just your family sounds terrible."
“Oh good I was just going to call you down, everyone is outside,” Mary said leaning on the kitchen doorway. Dean gave a quick nod and took Castiel’s hand to pull him outback.
"No, no not like that! I mean was John doing it to help Dean or himself." Mary finally looked at Ellen who's big brown eyes were glazed over in barely restrained tears, the kind that blurred your vision and you could feel them about to burst. "I just don't know."
He found the car pretty easily, It honestly should have been the first place he looked. Dean was shaking, the car wasn’t on and it was far too cold out. Cas opened the door. Dean’s head popped up, his headphones were in, and he didn’t say a word. His eyes were red and puffy, pouring over his pink MP3, playing the same song over and over again on loop “When the Tigers Broke Free” by Pink Floyd. Cas slipped into the car pulling Dean into his lap, who offered little protest. He was too damn cold, and so done being angry at Cas. He pulled the headphones out, tossing the MP3 aside. Cas rests his chin on Dean’s shoulder.
“Douche.” Castiel snorted and kissed Dean’s temple, scenting him  quickly before they reached the mahogany door that stood out against the white outer walls of the house, up close they looked like concrete.
“Okay okay, Dean settle down. You’re acting kinda funny you know, is something going on?” As Dean tried processing the words he became distracted by Castiel obnoxious scent markings. Dean tried to elbow him away but he was only met with more forceful markings from the alpha. This was all going to hell in a handbasket.
“This song is just one big Hobbit reference!” Cas exclaimed “That’s pretty nerdy assbutt.” Dean rolled his eyes.
“Didn’t you take French?”
Sliding his card he grabbed the plastic bag and ran.
“Cas, you just told a group of people I bit your ass, that is like twelve times worse than that right sided bite and the infinity tattoo!” Dean’s eyes were wide as he looked Castiel dead in the eyes.
Finally once they broke free Dean pulled his shorts up and went to grab his discarded sweat pants.
*     *     *
"No, I'm just late," Dean said taking a step back and out of the betas reach and pulled his zip-up tighter around him.
Castiel was gaping at the omega. "W-what?" Cas whispered.
(See the end of the chapter for
“We met in school, mother. He was my roommate.” Castiel had a very cool and distant tone, he obviously was not up for this conversation.
"Sounds like a weirdo," Alfie added before taking a sip of soda.
It watered around Castiel’s finger as he slid his tongue over Cas’s finger almost moaning at the taste. Sucking it in deeper Dean grabbed Castiel’s wrist and let his finger free only to trail his tongue over his middle, dipping between the knuckles and the small web. Castiel’s pupils were blown as he watched Dean work his wet, pink tongue like his fingers were made of spun sugar.
"Wow, Dean way to use your sensory detail." Sam laughed.
Collecting himself in record time he shove the alpha off of him and pulled himself to his feet, slowly he started to limp away pausing for a second to see if Alistair was breathing. Once he confirmed it he continued towards the direction of his dorm. He would call in an anonymous tip to get Alistair out of the woods. Murder wasn’t on Dean’s list of things to do before he died, even if Alistar deserved it.
If only his dad could see him now. Dean exhaled a chuckle at the absurdity of that thought.
"Hey, Sammy." Dean chuckled already getting off to an awkward start, but Damn he missed his brother.
"Fuck." Dean panted as he came down from his orgasm. He tangle the sheets around his feet and tried to focus on the blissful relaxation of his muscles.
“We still have Beckett’s birthday tonight.” Dean whispered from the side of his mouth.
Dean was absolutely pissed. It was finals week and there was a sign scribbled in chicken scratch that read. "Sorry for the inconvenience but the library will be closing early due to renovations." He could have screamed, woken up half the dorms around him. He needed one damn book and that's it! Who in fucks name renovates a library during finals week! running a hand through his hair, he tugged on it and let out a deep breath. Dean had one option and that was to pirate the book, not his first choice but when else could he do?
“Great, we have a deal then.” Crowley reached out his hand for a handshake and froze catching a scent from the draft of the open window. “On second thought, how much would I get if I supplied you with his mate?” Alton raised an eyebrow and a nasty smile crept onto his lips.
They walk off the media building for their sexual education class that will take up a huge chunk of their day.
"We only had this room for an hour." Suddenly Dean got the message.
Okay this was an intense chapter for everyone and I wanted to clear things up.
By the time they were halfway there Castiel was making Dean uncomfortable, he was pulled to full height, and Dean could sense the irritation in his alpha, from their close proximity. He turned to look at his mate whose gaze turned immediately to him.
Alistair taking his chance jumped on Dean to pin him down. He snarled down at the omega, an obvious show of dominance and Dean returned the gesture. Dean's back was pressed into the damp grass and his hand was being crushed under Alistair's weight. If he was getting out if this he would need both hands.
"You have no idea how he will present! He is four, John! He isn't a man he is a little boy who misses his father."
Sam and Adam were right, there was nothing to do in their town, except for the shooting range. Adam called up Jo and told her to tag along. This is how Castiel ended up with a gun in his hand and Dean pressed firmly behind him with his hands over his own.
"Beckett, who is your family?" Dean wondered who this little girl thought was her real pack was.
“Babe, it is a shirt why is it taking you so long?”
“So you wanna break out the books?” Dean paused the movie and looked over at Cas.
"Hey, no sleeping. Not yet, I want to check you over." Castiel rolled up the sleeves on his black button up.
A low growl left Castiel’s lips and his eyes were glazed over. His shirt was drenched and he felt so cold.
“You don’t touch my mark you scum,” Dean growled and spit into the man's face. Again the man raised his hand and smacked Dean so hard his whole chair tipped over and his head smacked into the ground. He felt his head split open just over his brow and the man above him looked displeased.
Dean had never felt so vulnerable in his life. He was laid out and open for the taking and Castiel took. He took every inch and cry. Castiel was building himself back together as he was Dean. Both of them shattered just minutes ago and they felt the pieces sliding into place.
“Oh Jesus Jo, figuratively ya sick fucker!”  He heard her laughing over the line and waited to talk. “As I was saying, I’ve got an alpha roommate. Like big, rugged, muscular, musky alpha, knot included.” Jo paused obviously sensing this was more serious than Dean was letting off.
“No wonder you look so worried.” He said sagely, following Dean’s eyes over to Castiel. “What triggered it?” Dean didn’t want to tell Balth everything that happened so he maneuvered around it a bit.
"Oh my god, Dean!" Castiel ran over and placed his firm hands dangerously close to his burns.
“Sorry, Alfie I’m just-”
“Eh, surprise I guess?” Castiel was a terrible liar and Dean could tell Anna knew it.
"Alfie? How could you get Alfie out of Samandriel?"
"Dean?"
“I can see that.” Cas said “They look good.” Things were rapidly cooling down now, and the trees were turning bright hues of orange, brown, and red. Cas, in a last minute decision swapped the button up he was wearing with another one that matched Dean’s eyes. Dean crossed the room to grab his leather jacket.
Dean's heat was thankfully over and they spent the rest of the week relatively calmly. Dean spent a lot of time on the internet searching for way to break a mating but the information was scarce at best. They would have to meet with someone who specialize in this.
“It’s a fricken V-neck what screams porno about that?” Slowly Castiel drew back the curtain and Dean knew exactly what he was talking about.
"Okay, we’ll go get a test or something.” Omegas can be tested very early on because of their hormones. But Dean didn’t know if it was too early, he almost didn’t want to know at all.
"Castiel is an asshat? Wow sounds like true love." Rachel snickered and Castiel rolled his eyes.
"Fuck," he pants, pulling his fingers out he sits,still letting his body buzz blissfully. When he finally comes down from his high he scrubs himself down thoroughly. Rubbing over his sensitive head causing another ripple of chills to shoot up his spine.
“Rules?” Castiel asked walking to the center of the mat.
"I can't tell what that smell is. It's honey and warm, it's all over you and you seem to be blissfully dopy over it. But it doesn't smell like your mates. I mean it doesn't have the normal scent tags of a mate. You got something going on Dean?" He was frozen, wide eyes and mouth agape. Pamela was terrifying.
Holding nothing back he broke his injured hand free and shoved the heal of it into Alistair's nose. The pain was horrible but the damage to Alistar was greater. With a howl the alpha slashed his sharp claws down into Dean's shoulder, ripping his shirt. The shirt from his brother.
"Chocolate milkshake?" Dean asked the girl, batting his long eyelashes at her. She blushed crimson, nodding and scribbling it down, taking his menu away. Cas crossed his arms and started toying with the jukebox, flipping the pages.
“Dean fucking Winchester I will break down this door if you don’t open it, now!” Dean’s jaw dropped as he looked at the door and jumped to his feet. Just before he opened the door Castiel moaned as he came, again. He had about four more of those until his knot was going to go down and this was a terrible time for quests especially.
"It was terrible, I can't believe I let him go with me. Mom and dad were as awful as they are with Gabriel."
"Can I see them?" John was nearly giddy at the thought of his son, Dean. That was the name they had agreed upon if it was a male. John had wanted to know the second they could tell the sex but Mary was the or carrying and he respected her wish.
His heartbeat thumped away in his ear and he tried to push the sound out of his mind, his teeth so sharp he had drawn blood when he bit down too hard on his lip. It wasn’t until a few moments later of Castiel maneuvering through the tall growth he realized his heart rate wasn’t the source of the sound. It was Dean’s. Barely holding back a growl he picked up the pace to move into the back of the house.
"Don't be a smartass." Dean's side-eyed Cas with a smirk.
The group around them eventually dispelled and Dean called Cas to bring their bags upstairs. Even though Castiel was delighted to see how welcomed he was a bit of breathing room was a gift.
I STILL CAN'T DENY OR CONFIRM ANYTHING ABOUT PREGNANT DEAN!
All eyes fell on him and Castiel’s mouth pressed into a line once he saw Meg standing across the island from him.
"Shoot." Sam obviously knew Dean was holding back.
"You were so good for me, baby." Castiel whispered still moving inside Dean, who was constricting around Cas to milk him dry. "Sleep, I'll be here when you wake up." Dean gave a pleased moan and closed his eyes.
"Can you maybe fill me in on some alpha crap." The phone went silent.
“Dean, are you sure not telling them you were mated was a good idea?” Cas asked anxiously from the passenger side, bouncing his foot.
“mmm, Doc right there.” Castiel let go once he fully worked Dean to attention and then went to pull down his sweatpants. Pulling them clear off, he was happy to find that Dean went commando and saw the shine of slick on Dean’s ass.
"Okay yeah I'll give you that." Cas was still tracing shapes on Dean's legs. Dean coughed as if he was trying to fill the silence that wasn't awkward until now.
“Dean.” Cas snapped his fingers in front of Dean’s face “Dean, I know what you’re thinking.”
“No, not really, it’s like this crazy taboo topic, so it isn’t really talked about much, except for super conservative packs who want it bashed like the plague.” Dean sighed and closed out of everything spinning around he looked at Cas.
"Three."
"Yeah, brotherly tradition. We strike first. Trust me I know my brothers and it is what they do to welcome someone into the family. Jo will be in on it too. You and me against those bastards!" Dean was radiating excitement as he bumped Castiel's shoulder.
“Cas-” Dean’s eyes were wide.
"Fuck it, take your shirt off." Dean got up off the bed and pulled off his Zeppelin shirt while Castiel unbuttoned his blue button up. Trading shirts they both looked at each other waiting for someone to make the first move.
“See ‘ya then.” Castiel gave a huff of laughter and watched Dean walk off towards the large brick building dedicated to a professor who was long dead.
"Why don't you back the fuck off. Because I will gladly kick your ass if you don't." They both growled at one another and Dean pushed through and continued on downstairs. He heard people talking in the kitchen and stopped at the landing of the steps.
"This dude, guess he is in a class or two of mine. I don't know I give him notes when he is absent. Which is kind of a lot. Don't really know him."
"I think I'd like a rematch with that mate of yours, so this will be my message for him." The alpha started walking towards Dean. Countering, Dean stepped back trying to keep distance between them.
Dean sat up and crossed his arms looking at Cas’ back trying to think of a way to catch his attention. Suddenly a sly smile curled on his lips and repositioned himself so his back was against the headboard, legs spread and cock hard. Dean starts to slowly palm himself through his pants to bring his dick to full attention, letting soft sounds fall from his lips, the smell of arousal filled the room again as he stroked himself.
"No, we just got," he paused and looked at the clock "home.." Wrinkling his brow he locked his gaze with Dean who still had dark circles under his eyes that looked dull. "Wow, I don't know how that happened."
“Really?” Dean knew he wouldn't look good in Castiel’s causal yet formal attire
"Oh hush." Just then Dean moved not really latched on he rolled his head slightly and opened his eyes just enough to see the deep blue.
Putting himself in his mate’s mind he figured Dean would have turned back to the dorm. His trail branched off towards the parking lot and he followed it, wondering if maybe Dean had taken a drive.
"Guess I'm gonna disappoint you too." And at that he slammed the door behind him. Castiel froze in bed, his throat felt like it was closing and his eyes prickled. What had just happened? What did he do? How could he fix it?
"Can't be that hard, can it?"
Cas opens the bathroom door that is attached to their dorm, a wonderful perk that comes from nice schools. A towel is slung low on his hips. He's got a body any omega would want their alpha to have. Lean muscles and long legs, a small trail of black hair sneaking down under his towel. It was a great view but the last name still intimidated Dean. He hasn't said anything yet, they are more like ghosts in a room. They come in and out not knowing much about the other. Dean wasn't a social butterfly with any of his other roommates but at least they didn't have a scent that boggled his head. Now he was honey and oranges. This mans smell changes all the time and he can't figure out why. One day it's spicy another sweet. Then there are day he is bitter with shots of honey and mint. Dean focused hard, always with the honey and this guy. Dean is almost interested enough to ask why Cas’ scent changes like the phases of the fucking moon, almost.
“Yeah, I guess that makes sense.” They both piled out of the car and Castiel pulled their bag out from the back. Castiel wrapped his arm around Dean’s waist protectively and continued up the perfectly paved driveway and passed the three car garage.
I'm sorry if you guys were like FUCK YEAH PREGNANT!
Mentally crossing his fingers Dean slowly slid out of bed and pulled his sheets off with him. Softly closing the bathroom door behind him he finally took a breath. Dropping the sheets onto the floor and stripped down.
“Oh yeah, you think your knot is up for it?” Dean opened his eyes and gave a sly smile. Castiel squinted his eyes and shoved in a third finger unceremoniously causing Dean to jump in surprise but no high enough to take out Castiel’s fingers...
His stomach felt like a spring popping and a tingle crawled from his feet up to his leg. Cum splattered down his stomach and dripped onto the sheets. With one of the most satisfied sounds Dean had ever heated from the alpha Castiel came with a hard bite on the back of Dean's neck. It brought out another cry from the omega as sleep washed over him, every ounce of energy was pulled from him but Castiel clearly wasn't finished.
"Cas, get your ass off the computer and get over here!" Dean called from the bed.
Dean could smell how stressed Castiel was and placed a calming hand on his upper thigh and started to rub soft circles with his thumb. Cas took a deep breath and shut his eyes.
Castiel buried his head in his pillow groaning loudly. He has his eyes closed for about five minutes when he heard Dean call for him.
Swapping positions Castiel’s back was against the headboard and Dean straddled his lap and was slowly shifting himself on his alpha’s cock. Once he bottomed out he felt Castiel’s knot slightly swell, happy with the reaction he quickly went to work riding Cas with ernest. It was a tangle of lips and hands, each time Dean smacked down on Castiel’s lap it brought them closer to the edge. Finally, Castiel’s knot caught on Dean’s rim and he went to start pumping Dean’s cock. Speeding up rapidly they chased the pleasure that curled in their gut and Cas felt his balls tighten just before he came ropes into Dean. Five more tugs and Dean joined Castiel in bliss.
"Yeah, come on Dean. The last thing we want is my mother hunting us down." Dean groaned but complied with his mate.
Dean was no longer being pounded with relentless force but with slow teasing strokes and he moaned into Castiel's mouth.
"Come on." He said walking over to the diner. It had that distinctly diner-feel. Booths with salt and pepper shakers, tiny jukeboxes on each table, pretty waiters and waitresses with white lace-trimmed aprons and order-booklets. The sound of metal utensils on glass plates, and soft intimate conversations of table mates. It seemed so loud but there must have only been four or five occupied tables. There was an eclectic mix of smells. Dean sniffed the air pancakes, grilled cheese, coffee and ketchup came to his nose all at once.
"What you want to go out with me? Because I can assure you that won't end any better."
“I get another night.” Dean smiled, Cas was somewhat surprised how much Dean liked controll.
"Coming, little omega!"
"For what?" Cas' brow knit together as he studied Dean's face in the reflection.
"I love a good chase, omega!" Alistair calls after Dean and hits the pavement running.
“Dean, hey! Where are you going?” Castiel jumped out of his seat and followed Dean. Jogging up to his side he placed a hand on Dean’s shoulder.
"It kinda sounds like you’re kicking me out, Castiel."
“I was pissed at my dad, over the heat suppressants.  He’s been putting me on these crazy drugs since I presented. I was seven when he started me on these weird beta hormone drugs meant to alter my hormonal makeup. Then I showed signs of heat when I was ten and he put me on that pill. Told me to never stop talking it.” Dean winced at the pressure Castiel put on his shoulder.
"Yes I have, now don't bounce all over him. Dean likes personal space." They were quickly approaching the dorm and Rachel couldn't seem to stay calm, he really didn't know why she was so excited. I mean Dean was an amazing person but she had no clue who he was other than rumors.
"I'm not a gift now back off or I'm ripping your throat out. You remember my mate? Fucked you up pretty bad. Imagine what he will do if he smells you on me?" Dean's best bet was using his words and Castiel as a threat.
"Who is going to turn on the shower?" Castiel only snorted and straddled Dean's hips.
Both crawled under the covers and completely forgot about the 'prize' at the end of the night.
“Should I be jealous, Dean?” Castiel playfully asked.
“Down, Fido.” Dean groaned as he sat up, “Looks like the DA is gonna have one hell of a night.” Cas pulled Dean back down to him as they tried to block out the noise down the hall with talking. It was only eleven since they went to bed so early so they were slowly waking up as if they just took a power nap.
"Hold your tongue, Anna. This is for the good of his pack! Castiel obviously won't be moving back and with Meg, he will be able to expand his pack at a much faster rate." Dean clenched his fists, that bitch was talking about Cas and who the hell was Meg.
The sound of the gunshot rang in Dean’s ear immediately he snapped out of his trance and knew he needed to get out. Something screamed for him to open that door and charge outside. Not to escape but to go straight into the fight. His mating mark felt like someone was holding a hot iron to it. Just as Dean was lifting his hand to grab the door it had swung on its own and before him stood Alton. Before anything registered in the alphas brain, Dean grabbed him by the color is his dress shirt and flung him down the steps. Hearing a satisfying crack at the end when his head hit the cement wall. He wasn’t dead, not yet, but he would be back for him.
"John this is the third night in a row you will miss dinner."
"Not our fault, why'd you leave him alone. Bitch has been whining for like 20 minutes. We were just being good people and offered a hand." Castiel's eyes darkened.
"Well, baby I'm your man, now, who is taking charge?" Castiel paused and looked over at Dean with a small smile. Dean stepped back and slowly raised his hand. Castiel followed suit and before either of them could blink their hands formed fists and said in unison.
“Maybe not for your family.” Dean mumbled under his breath, but Jo still heard.
“Casss!” Dean gave a wanton moan as he wound his fingers in Castiel’s hair.
Castiel pushed Dean’s shoulder down, flipping him entirely over and buried the omegas face into the pillow, his ass was already dripping with slick from his orgasm, so he didn’t need much coaxing. Castiel dove in and plunged his tongue into his warm slick covered heat. He pulled moan after moan from Dean as he drank in the sweet slick, some dripping down his chin.
Castiel threw the rest of his things into his bag and returned to bed with Dean. Once they got back they would have to order a double bed for the dorm. Thankfully they were already registered mates. Castiel nuzzled into Dean's neck and took deep breaths until he fell asleep.
"Sammy!" Dean was already smiling.
“In the lower-income part of town we could probably afford about four months rent comfortably, and with you being able to work right away I think we could make it work.”
“I see,” Balthazar said thoughtfully. “Well, from what I know from Gabe, they ended rather badly. Really messy, lots of fighting. It’s probably just bad memories, not to mention the fact that his parents are trying to force her on him because they - and I’m sorry to say this - don’t approve of you.” Dean nodded at the thought, “He just needs some time to get over it. Gabe was so upset when he first took me home, they were far worse on him. Far, far worse.” Dean could imagine how awful it must have been. A beta marrying an omega from a crazy knothead alpha pack. He suddenly felt a swell of respect for Balthazar.
“Papa you said you would get me that ice movie!” Beckett chirped from his side. With a warm smile Balthazar reached into his jacket.
Castiel didn't want to give all the details and frankly, Dean didn't want to know. It was a tender topic and Dean was determined to work him past it. But it explained a lot of why Cas was so scared of bottoming, even if it was with Dean. That didn’t change his past so they would play by Cas’ rules, Dean could live with that.
Dean had such an odd pull towards Cas, he wanted to scent him and feel his smooth skin on his own. Dean’s body temperature stayed rather high even when his urge to mate was at bay. His heat wasn’t as bad as he had imagined it to be. Dean had about three unbearable points throughout the day but other than that he just craved Cas. Not sexually, he craved his smell and voice and contact. it was an odd need, and Dean tried to deny the feeling but he gave in and spent the nights in Castiel’s bed. It wasn’t until his temperature dropped rather low that he wasn’t just with Castiel for scenting and comfort, but warmth. It was an annoying part of heat, it was meant to be a bonding experience but Dean just felt like he wanted to bury himself as close to Castiel as possible and maybe yell at him again for doing this to him.
"I'm not divulging what Dean and I do between the sheets." Castiel said seriously.
“Then let’s not tell him, it can be a secret just to cover you for the year. I’m not trying to manipulate you Dean. You have all the say in this and I will find another way out of this, but it’s going to hurt. Why not spend time researching it throughout the year? Find the best possible way to end it. I’m sorry I did this to you Dean but we have to make a choice now.” Castiel looked into Dean’s dull green eyes, dark circles and imprints from the pillow made him look older than he was.
Castiel shook Dean’s shoulder and brought him out of his thoughts.
"Um, everyone older than Anna is an ass. They will probably have their mates there with them. Except Michael he is getting married and they won't mark each other until after the ceremony. More out of the wives family's wishes. Uriel, Raphael, Alfie, and Hester don't have mates. Lucifer has Lilith, Anna has Tessa , Gabriel has Balthazar and then of course my parents. Naomi and Azazul. So I guess avoid the unmated ones as much as you can. Except obviously Alfie." Dean unlocked the door and Castiel threw their bag into the back and slid in the passenger side. The cold leather chilled his skin but the car smelt exactly like Dean, it was a place he could easily melt into. Even if it was ungodly cold in there.
"Time for my mark." Dean let out a low growl before he leaned down to nip at his ear lobe. Excitement pulsed off of them like firecrackers setting off in the air. Their skin heated as Dean slowly traced out the perfect place for his mark, tracing circles with his tongue. Castiel was letting out small shaking purs and soft whimpers. He was putty in Dean’s hands and if he didn’t have such a burning need to mark the alpha he would drag this out. Finding the perfect spot he sank his teeth deep into Castiel's skin. Lapping at the droplets of blood from his mark he started to purr. It was like a flood of relief to complete the mating; fueling the passion they’d both been holding back for so damn long. It felt amazing and Dean wished he had done it sooner. Dean could feel a low rumble deep in Castiel's chest and before he knew it, he was on his back as his alpha ravished him. Sucking at his mark and nipping his neck. They both had an extreme demand for physical contact that they couldn't deny themselves.
Dean woke up with warm puffs of breath on his face and the soft sound of Castiel’s breathing. With a small chuckle, Dean looked up to see the still sleeping alpha above him. His phone was vibrating under his pillow and he let out a frustrated sigh, he didn't want to move from the bed but he knew he had to. He really couldn't miss any more classes, so with a stretch, Dean untangled himself from Castiel who let out an annoyed grunt and tugged at Dean's arm that was slipping away.
Dean trailed himself away from the memory and back to the present. The phone in his hand only added to the weight in his stomach.
“Of course, just until the week is over.” Dean pressed his lips into a line and nodded, he took in a small breath and waited a second until he leaned in to placed a soft kiss on Castiel cheek.
"Then why did you?"
"Dean, I will be right outside, call me if you need me." Castiel leaned in to place a kiss on Dean's forehead and gingerly scented him. He walked out and closed the door behind him, Dean didn't need someone breathing down his neck right now. Not when he could be pregnant. Castiel felt a little dizzy at the thought of pups crawling over him. Not now, not yet, he needed some time, just a year or so after graduation.
Castiel pulled Dean over to his bed and ran his fingers through his sandy brown hair.
"About what?"
"Mine." Was all Castiel said before Dean swing and he ducked throwing himself to grab Dean by the stomach and plowed him into the mats. Dean landed with an 'oof' it knocked the wind right out of him.
“No! No! No tickles!” All three men laughed as she hid under Gabriel’s arm for protection.
“Alright, get up, same rules.” Cas got up and tried collecting himself, any damaged sustained from the fight quickly healed. Minor injuries healed almost instantly, other took a little longer if severe enough, like Dean’s.
Dean could tell but the way Castiel fingers dug into his thigh his alpha was increasing as the scraping deepened.
"Okay okay, I'll let you go. Tell him I said welcome to the family."
“Well come on alpha, it’s your turn.” Castiel only smiled and jumped on his bed taking Dean’s lips to his in a heated kiss, pushing his tongue in and running his hands all over his body. A possessive growl rumbled in his chest as he grouped at every inch of Dean’s skin.
"Why did you lie to me, Dean?" Dean looked away from Cas to avoid eye contact as he walked closer. "I'm not mad, you can do what you want but-"
Dean counted it as both and held Castiel as long as he had to.
"Okay that worked for the past few days but today is like a holiday for me."
Feel free to follow us on tumblr
“One job you had one fucking job! What part of keep your slick to yourself do you not understand!” She yelled pointing at Cas who was still on his knees covered in his own cum and shocked at the intruder. “You’re naked, it smells like sex, and this guy popped a knot and is coming on himself”
“Now why don’t you two get dressed and fill me in on all this rom-com shit?” She offered as a truce to Dean and they both agreed.
“That’s the sweetest thing I’ve ever heard.” Cas said. Dean shrugged.
"Oh don't worry trust me you'll feel it when it happens,"
"She was just terrible, only female out of five brothers, I got stuck with her. In the beginning I should have guessed what kind of person she would be, she kept pushing me to kiss her and touch her-" Castiel paused to take a shaky breath, Dean was impressed on how he held himself together. "I didn't want that, we had just met and I didn't particularly like her." It was another long pause and Dean tried to send off as many comforting vibes through their sixth sense, his scent was like firewood as he watches protectively over his alpha. "Then she started to test my boundaries. Coming up and kissing me or groping me. Sometimes she would take my hand and force it on her. I didn't know what to do, she didn't listen to my words and if I attacked her we would have had a pack rivalry with the Masters. Pulling away with force only egged her on, she was sick." Castiel's fists were clenched and his body was rigid. Dean crawled over to sit behind Castiel and moved into rub his back but paused.
“Fine, go back to the dorm to change and then we go to the gym,” it’s the middle of the day and they should have a private sparring room open. A wide smile broke across Castiel’s lips.
“What the fuck…” Dean’s eyes are wide as he reads slightly fearing for Castiel’s mental health even if he does seem all there. Dean can’t believe how few cases of one sided matings there have been, then again those are reported and others may be thinking just like him and trying to do it themselves. Dean shakes his head and backs out of the website and back to the Google homepage. Dean opted for more personal information. Castiel A Novak. Dean hit search a was surprised to see images was filled with him. Scrolling through they were mostly of him and his family at events, he looked stiff and uncomfortable. He was totally out of his element and he looked somewhat scared in one picture of him and a woman with curled dark brown hair. He was slightly leaning away from her with a forced smile and eyes that screamed help. The woman seemed to be digging her nails into Castiel’s hands but tried to pass it off as just holding him. She was wearing an elegant cocktail dress and Cas was in a gray suit with black pinstripes, he looked pretty damn good. As Dean scrolled through he seemed to figure out who was part of Castiel’s family by how many of the same people repeatedly appeared in each picture. Everyone except Gabriel, Dean even scanned the background but he was nowhere to be seen.
Looking around the sink it dawned on Cas that he had forgotten his toothbrush even though he swore he brought his.
“I just love sucking on sweet things, you know. That’s why pie is my favorite.” And at that Dean leaned in and caused Castiel to full-on cry as he gave small kitten licks across his head and long think pulls on the underside pressing into the bulging vein.
And and ANNDD????
Just as he was prodding around at the knot a wash of energy flowed through him. It felt like a cold wave washing over his body and electrifying his muscles. Something so soothing and yet exciting came over him.
Castiel adjusted them so he could put in a few good thrusts to start a rhythm before he draped himself over Dean wrapping one arm under his armpit and locking it over his opposite shoulder. The other places at his side on top of Dean's hand, fingers intertwining to give him leverage.
“I say this in the manliest way possible but for the love of god Cas don’t let me go!” Dean tensed again and his legs wobbled under him.
“What the hell is wrong with you?” Dean asked taking a step back and wondering what the hell he missed.
"Dean, are you alright?" Castiel's words are rushed and he is breathless from running.
“Your pack is very pleasant to be around.” Dean laughed and bumped Castiel’s shoulder.
With that Dean dove into the bottom drawer and opened the door looking over all the shampoos and soaps they had bought on impulse. He scanned over all the bottles until he spotted the ones he needed. Pulling them out he didn't even bother to close the door as he jumped into the steaming water.
"Well, I'll go under one condition. We take my car and I'm driving." Castiel only rolled his eyes and agreed. He grabbed a few jeans and his button ups. "Hey, Cas what's up with the fancy shirts? I mean don't you have t-shirts?" Castiel chuckled.
The contract they wrote up was slowly being modified, sex was one of the first things to be changed. Neither of them are complaining they both equally enjoy the small show of affection and contact. Castiel went back into the bathroom to brush his teeth. Looking himself in the mirror he looked rather well. He needed a haircut and a shave but he looked happy. It’s odd to see himself like that so he turns away from his reflection as he brushed. It would be a lie to say Dean wasn’t part of that but he doesn’t want to admit it because he knows at the end of this year they part. This mating is for social reasons and he can’t drag Dean away with him. Once he was finished he walked back out  and stumble over his own feet at the sight of  Dean.
“Fucking shit!” Dean yelled enough for anyone upstairs to hear. Wearing nothing but his boxers, his leg still pale from the lack of sun. His feet were bare on the cold concrete floor and he felt exposed. The situation was growing worse by the minute as Dean search the basement for alternate escape routes. The walls are cement and there were no windows. The only other door he saw was to his left and it wasn't even a real room. Plywood with the doorway cut out and a curtain covering it. The chances of that room even being an escape route were slim to none. He was put in this damn hole for a reason and that was to stay put. Dean has never been so lucky to have something like a magical door to be dropped right in front of him. No, that isn’t how his life works.
I have had part of this chapter written for months and I never found a way I liked it. Still don't like how they leave. It was going to end in a full on brawl but I have plans for the future so I can't have it like that. So this was the best I got... about half way done with the next one also.
Okay I'm sorry if this wasn't a super long and exciting chapter but it is a building block!
"Cassie, how are ya?" Gabriel asked. Muffled voices of a child and his mate in the background.
“One sec, forgot my phone.” Castiel nodded and continued down the steps and Dean turned back to Cas’ room. Walking over towards the slightly disheveled bed, Digging under the pillow he pulled out his phone and shoved it into his back pocket. Moving back out into the hallway he stopped just before he ran into one of Cas’ brothers.
"What do you need Dean?"
Dean nods and doesn't bother speaking, his throat tightened, fire shot through his stomach and scorched his face. Suddenly fear burns into him, fear of being found out, fear of his father. He had always been taught being an omega was not an option. John prided himself on the thought of an alpha family. Excluding his beta mother that is. In the end he only got one alpha. That's Sammy, Adam is a beta, but no one disappointed John more than Dean. The failed alpha. Dean didn't see anything wrong with being an omega. He had the power to bring pups into the world. He never said those words out loud; as far as his father knows Dean hates himself just as much as he does. Castiel finding out is not an option.
“Am I going to have to come down and kick you ass? You are a damn good omega, Dean and don’t you dare go self hating because your dad has some shitty traditional values.” It always bothered Jo when Dean went and started taking about himself like his dad did.
Dean walked back to his seat quickly and he had an overwhelming need to sneeze. The beta smelt to odd, but familiar. Dean just couldn't put a finger on it. What he did know was the scent felt terrible on his nose and he wanted to expel it. The worst part was the man's smell clung to him and Castiel was sure to get a whiff of it. The more unsettling part was beta’s give off scents to those who are bonded to them such as mates and pack members, other than that they are very neutral. Something about the man was extremely unnerving. Still he couldn’t rid the smell of burning garbage from his nose..
"Damnit Cas, why are you such a do-gooder? I mean how important can your classes really be?"
Dean curled into Castiel side. He wasn't watching the movie much, he enjoyed looking at Castiel's face in the dark. Shadows moving across the contour of his features. Gabriel, Balthazar, and Castiel were watching the movie with bright eyes, it was a memory Dean would store away. They might have liked it more than Beckett.
Slowly closing his eyes Dean felt as if he fell asleep instantly. The blaring sound of “Heat Of The Moment” seemed to wake him up just seconds after he closed his eyes but it was early morning.
“And where is his?” The tattooed beta asked, funny how fast they made enemies. Dean was at a complete loss of words and stuttered.
“Mmm, good.” Cas sighed. Dean chuckled, running his wrist over Cas’ torso, scenting him. Cas did the same, scenting Dean’s neck and shoulders. They fell asleep like that Dean’s arms wrapped around Cas’ waist, and Cas’ encircling Dean’s neck. It wasn’t until a loud horn blared through the hallway that they both started awake, Castiel instinctively pulling Dean as close as possible. He earned himself a playful slap on the ass.
Dean gladly accepted the offer and nuzzled into the bed as if it was a nest and wrapped himself in his mate's warm body. Dean can only remember ever having one panic attack in his life but he knew if he didn't do some serious breathing and try and sleep he would be headed towards a second.
"Hey, honey." John paused. "I um, I have to stay later at the garage." Mary sighed turned away from Dean and lowered her voice.
“I bought new stuff the other day.” He said somewhat trying to hide his face.
"I'm headed upstairs, I think that was the last place I saw John." Mary stepped onto the platform.
"Fuck off, knothead!" Dean spits and shoves the alpha back to run into the parking lot.
"I heard you listening to it before and liked it." Castiel accidentally spit out a blob of toothpaste onto the floor at his last words.
Dean was already in the shower, it was rather warm for his already hot temperature. Sliding in next to him in the black and white tiled shower he smirked at Dean who was flushed and hard.
It was almost eleven by the time Dean and Cas made it back upstairs, avoiding the few members of the family who were still awake. Once the movie was over they talked a little before Gabe and Cas started to make dinner. Dean sat with Balthazar and had a beer as they talked and watched Beckett play with her toys and sing the songs from the movie. They both fell onto the bed, tangling with one another, sloppy kisses and fumbling fingers that tugged at clothing. Crawling to the head of the bed Castiel pressed against the wall and Dean followed.
“Sweetheart, that is such utter bullshit.” Dean continued laughing and Castiel elbowed his side.
“Bobby and Ellen, Jo and Ash are my friends and we aren’t related. She was like my childhood friend and it just kinda happened, a few times.” Dean chuckled, they hadn’t slept together since freshman year and Dean can’t imagine it ever happening again. She was his best friend but that was all they would ever be.
The coffee shop’s smell was as welcoming as ever. The crisp scent of air that was funneled through an AC mixed with the warm smell of frothy cream and freshly ground coffee beans. Dean walked right up to Alfie who smiled cheerfully at the two of them. He took one whiff of their scents and smirked.
“Okay really, Jo?”
"No don't tell me to relax I am late for my heat! Late! As in- knocked up!" Castiel's jaw dropped and the room was silent, not even the sound of breathing could be heard.
He knew how horrible his mother would feel if she knew what he had gone through over the past year and a half. He couldn't see the hurt in her eyes, he had to be strong. He had to take care of her, she was his world.
“I don’t think so, buddy.”
"Hey kitten, you okay. Smell kind of...needy." Alistar’s lisp made him sound like a snake ready to kill.
“Cas, calm your tits, Jesus.” Cas squinted at him, pursing his lips. Dean rolled his eyes, falling in step with his mate, and tucking his hand neatly into the crook of his elbow. He felt like a dumbass, the way he looked like he was being escorted to the ball or something. Cas relaxed considerably, so Dean didn’t mind, much. Two betas that Dean knew from his engineering class walked by, and he nodded vaguely at them, and they smiled back. Castiel reacted immediately, linking his arm so tightly around Dean’s hand that it hurt. Dean tried to wriggle free “Cas! Cas, cool it!” He whispered frantically. Castiel growled at one of the betas and Dean clomped him on the back of the head.
"It's about Cas." He admired a little softly.
"Gonna cum for your alpha, gonna take me so perfect like always."
Suddenly like running into a brick wall he screeched to a halt, stopping before even realizing it he sniffed the air. The dilapidated brick house stood in front of him reeking of Crowley, alphas, and most of all Dean. Also at that moment, he realized he was completely unarmed and he had a feeling that was not the same case for the others inside the house.
"Your heat?" Castiel asked with a chuckle. "Yes, you're in heat."
"I'm being careful and he's a nice guy."
“Shh, baby come on.” Dean pulled away and stroked Castiel’s stubbly cheek.
"Cassie and Anna are the only two decent ones to come out of this family of jackasses." Dean tried to choke back a laugh as Beckett nodded her head.
Me- http://sassbutt-casbutt.tumblr.com/
“Oh shit, that’s really soon you know. Any idea how you’re gonna tell alpha J?” She asked referring to his father.
“Hello, Jo.” He smiled back as the alpha stepped back so he could get out.
"I saw how you went all alpha, jealous Cas?"
"Insults get you nowhere." He clicked his tongue "but you're right I don't go to your school you could say I window shop there"
Patting his pockets Dean pulled out the phone he turned off after he stormed away from Castiel. God why did he leave? His head was throbbing and he couldn't move his right hand. He was limping through the parking lot as he waited for his phone to turn on. It was dark and not many people were out so he trudged on without anyone noticing. It was too cold out now for his t-shirt and a shiver ran down his body, his entire body hurt and he was still in flight mode looking over his shoulder at every shadow in the dimly lit parking lot.
They both brought their attention to the room as class started.
"I understand, was Alfie any help?"
"Mmm, baby I got you." Castiel purred and he peeled off his own shirt. Dean's jeans looked as to be his greatest enemy and he couldn't get them off fast enough. Once he threw them on the floor a new wave of slick hit him full blast and he almost doubled back. The site in front of him almost made him pop a knot is his pants.
"You didn't do anything, Dean please, get in the car." Castiel's voice was stern and his eyes were sharp through the gloomy afternoon downpour.
Dean was knotted in possibly the most uncomfortable position but he didn't care. Castiel softly scented him, Dean felt how relieved he was. No longer was the alpha wound up like a cork, whatever had bothered him for the past two days seeped out of his system and resulted in an extremely affectionate Cas.
“I thought you-” He shook his head, “I heard-”
He saw Dean pacing across the room, one hand rested on his stomach. He was softly mumbling numbers as if trying to make sure his calculations were right.
"Now as a male omega his heats may seem scary at first, we have a lot of leaflets on what to expect." But Dean had tuned him out after the first few words. Omega? No, that must be wrong! He was an alpha! He grew up to be an alpha, not an omega. He didn't show any traits of being an omega!
“Tired yet, little alpha?” Dean raised an eyebrow and took a few steps back, but he gave Cas a ‘come hither’ gesture. “Hum, maybe I’ll be using this on you tonight.” Castiel’s blood ran cold for a second and his breathing halted. It’s Dean, Dean is talking, you are safe. Dean is safe. Shaking away the thought he was back on his game.
Dean punched the wall disappearing back into the bathroom and shutting the door. He looked at his phone which was sitting on the sink. He considered calling Jo, but what good would that do? Dean sighed ruffling his hair. He ran his hand over the mark, it sent a wave of pleasing shivers down his body. It was like his entire life started again with this new mark. No, that’s the omega talking, it’s not true. Dean knew that it wasn’t true. He hardly knew the guy. A mate is someone you know so totally and completely, you were supposed to be absolutely certain. You know, meet,  fall in love, mate, have sex, have some pups. That’s what you’re supposed to do, and things are all backwards now. He was so upset, and horny and angry and fucking confused. He wanted Cas. He wanted to push against his knot, and cum all over himself, he wanted Castiel to fuck him until he cried, he wanted this terrible hunger for sex to go away, but he also never wanted to see Cas again.
“Oh, Dean please. Come back.” Castiel whined bucking his hips up begging for attention.
“So you must be Castiel.” His voice was happy and his body relaxed as he looked Cas over. Castiel tried to think of who knew him and came to the conclusion that this was Sam or Sasquatch as Dean put it.
“Can you change roommates?” Jo had her concerned mother voice on.
"Wow, Cas didn't know bottoming was such a terrible thing for you." Castiel was processing the words through his mind that was on borderline shutdown mode.
"It's instinct, Dean your mind and body know what you want. It knows what it needs for a pack. I mean think of our ancestors you think they had conversations about what they wanted. It just clicks in your mind and once you know there's no going back. What, did you find someone?" Sam asked like he was finally catching up to the punch line.
"It's been five minutes." Dean turned around and braised his hands on the wall, bending over for Cas.
“Oh come on, I can do some research on the city, I mean it is the capital, I’m sure there are some jobs laying around or at least I can start with TA and subbing.” Dean was hesitant to answer but in the end, picked up his phone to call Bobby.
"Want to see my room?" Dean perked up a bit and nodded.
"Oh I pride myself on it." They both fell into a mutual silence and enjoyed the time they had being tied together. "But if you don't mind me asking. Why did you- nevermind, you don't have to tell me." Dean tried to think of words to describe his internal battle of alpha and omega.
The animation was pretty amazing, the most eye catching was the ice that covered most the world. He wasn't really following the story, all he knew was a girl who was hiding her whole life only to come out and run away.
Castiel disappeared for a short five minutes and presented Dean with a nicely folded pile of clothes he was sure he wouldn't like. Rolling his eyes he grabbed them and went in to change.
What even is an editor....well it is me doing a quick skim of the chapter and slapping the chapter into Grammarly to fix some lazy mistakes. I am obviously very professional....
He felt like he was being watched from every angle, reading the same five words again and again because he couldn’t keep focused on the task. Always looking over his shoulder. Crowley was making Dean paranoid and he didn’t know why. Was the beta pushing his scent onto Dean? He was clearly marked and claimed he didn’t know why someone would do that unless they wanted to add to the partnership but that was brought up with both mates present. And by someone they knew. Realizing he was getting nowhere with his work he chose to take out the book and leave.
“No, my hand, ankle, shoulder, and neck.” Dean groaned.
"There is an attached bathroom I'm sure they have towels." Dean walked off as Cas dressed himself.
Dean couldn’t snarl, or scream. Stuck in the woods being attacked by an alpha. Castiel as paranoid as he seemed to be told Dean every morning
The next chapter everything really gets going and the fun begins for out two wonderful characters! This is just the laying of the characters so I'm super excited!
“Huh? Oh yeah, we need milk.” Dean realized where his train of thought was actually going. Castiel kept up the steady pace grazing Dean’s prostate every few thrusts.
“Yeah, I know.” He replied, pushing closer into Cas’ embrace. It was so quiet, so damn quiet and in Dean’s mind he wanted to scream, but he was so tired. He didn’t want to be some sob story, he wasn’t someone to be pitied. He was Dean Winchester, but he couldn’t stand alone forever. So he was Dean Winchester and Castiel.
(See the end of the chapter for
Ahhhh it is out! How many chapters have I even added this week alone?
“Fine,” Money wasn’t an issue but he liked to haggle, he would pay a hundred-thousand for a specimen like that but Crowley didn’t need to know that. Stupid beta had no idea he was being played. A smile crept over Crowley’s lips and he tried to stand a little taller and seem a little more intimidating.
Well I hope you liked it and comments are always loved!
“How did you find us?” Dean asked breaking the silence in the squad car.
“Toads? Fucking toads!” He threw his arms up, Dean knew very well how much his little brother hated those slimy creatures and he knew finding them in his dresser was a horrific discovery
“No fuck off Cas!” he shouted from inside the bathroom.
. Bolting down the stairs he shoved passed two men walking up the stairwell. Ignoring the swears that followed and making his way towards the exit. Once outside he took a deep inhale feeling his lungs expanding to capacity. He could almost taste Dean’s smell and he worked on searched for the strongest trail. Castiel followed the scent to the library, it was Dean’s original destination and his strongest trait. The feelings he was experiencing were overwhelming and he had so many voices in his mind shouting all at once.
“Fu-uck!” Dean yelped legs spazzing slightly. Castiel’s heightened senses picked up a very distinct buzzing sound. Castiel’s eyes widened and he looked down at the blue remote under his knee. A slight smile curled on Castiel’s lips, as badly as his cock screamed at him to bury himself in Dean he was presented with an amazing opportunity. He was not giving this up. Castiel picked up the remote and looked it over for a second, he remembered buying it for Dean all those months ago during his first heat. Castiel looked down at Dean who was biting his lip and slightly rocking back on the vibrator. With swift fingers, he switched it up higher causing Dean to spaz once again and yelped.  “Oh my god!” he whined arching his back off the mattress, “Oh my God! Oh my God! Oh my Go-o-od!”
"Holy fuck Cas, are you a secret pornstar?" Dean was still short of breath.
“Much better.” Cas managed to get out and looked up into Dean worried eyes, everyone around him, even Bobby, looked concerned save John that is. Finally, Dean lifted his head and snarled at his father.
"It's a roommate question." Dean was running on improv and he had no clue where it was going to lead him.
Castiel took a little longer to get back to his dorm than usual. His mind was running a thousand miles an hour and he couldn't bring his feet to move faster. He knew he couldn't push it off forever, he was leaving early tomorrow morning and if Dean was ending it he would need an escape. He just prayed that wasn't the case.
"Alright, jabber jaws take your pile." Dean pushed over the already dealt deck and readied his hand. "One."
Castiel dug his nails into Dean's shoulder moving his knees to give himself just the right angle, he knew where Dean's sweet spots were.
Ending the call Dean picked up the pace a little.
The best chance he has with that room is for him to hide in it and take Crowley by surprise, but even that was a long shot since he was bound up at the moment. Crowley wasn’t the real problem, he could take him on in a fight if needed, especially with the adrenaline pumping in his veins at the moment. The issue was the unknown and by that, he meant the big musky men upstairs. They could range from friends to guards of Crowley’s and Dean did not want to find out, but he had a sinking feeling he would be...and soon.
