"What's the matter?"
"Marriage. Why do people get married if they don't intend on staying faithful for any length of time?" As he spoke he opened his eyes and stared intently at John, trying to gauge John's attitude.
John woke up to Sherlock shifting in bed. The detective was twisting and turning, as much as he could in his injured state, and trying to stifle moans of pain, which did not go unnoticed by John. "What hurts, Sherlock?"
John was, as always, quick in his shower but Sherlock lingered even after John left to get dressed. He stood under the spray of hot water, thinking back to the last few months. It hadn’t taken long to organise the wedding, thanks to the combined forces of Mycroft and Mrs Hudson, and while he was glad for it that did leave him with less time to get prepared mentally. He’d been the one to do the proposing but that didn’t mean he wasn’t nervous about the idea of marriage, because he was. But every time he started worrying that something would go wrong, or one of them would change their mind, or that he didn’t know what he was getting himself into John was always there.
"Not on purpose," John mumbled.
"John?"
John used his hands to push himself onto the table and opened his legs up so that Sherlock could stand between them, which gave him access to every part of John he wanted.
But Sherlock was not deterred. In between kisses he said, "Yes, I can see that." and started slipping his own dressing gown off of John when it became an obstruction to hot wet trail he was leaving down his body.
"No!" John cut him off sharply. "Listen to me. Will you listen?" Sherlock nodded. "Those men would have killed anyone who got in their way. It just happened that you were there to witness it. Regardless of what you did or what you said they couldn't let that boy walk out of there alive. He saw their faces, he was a liability. You know the kind of people Moriarty hired. They killed him and left you for dead, and no matter what you did nothing would have changed."
Lestrade grinned as they both watched Sherlock sitting on the sofa intently reading through the first case file. "You're welcome."
Suddenly a look of pure joy settled itself on John’s face. He gently laid his hand on Sherlock’s cheek and the detective leaned into it. “I need you,” Sherlock said softly, kissing John once again. “I want you.”
John was left standing by the door wondering when exactly Greg had become such a close friend. He was glad for it, of course, especially at a time like this, but it still surprised him how much Sherlock had come to accept Greg as well. The detective wasn’t exactly known for being fond of people- John and Mrs Hudson aside- but clearly there was something about Greg that Sherlock just seemed to accept.
John reached across the table to kiss Sherlock, their hands entwined under the table. Once John became conscious of where they were he broke the kiss apart and sat back looking slightly flushed. Sherlock just looked amused.
"If you don't stay still you won't be able to fall asleep."
Matt removed the mask from Sherlock’s face, and relief flooded through everyone in the room when they heard Sherlock take a deep breath. It ended with a coughing fit which left him raspy and weak, but Lauren quickly placed the oxygen mask back over his face.
How lucky Sherlock had been that John had only been a few streets away. Had gotten there just in time. Had managed to mostly catch Sherlock as he jumped out the window of a burning building.
She watched him like a hawk, noting the slight blue twinge to his lips and the fact that he could barely keep his eyes open. The hand that before had been clutching at the older woman now lay limp in her hand. His breathing was becoming increasingly ragged, and much too fast for her liking.
John slipped his tongue inside Sherlock's mouth and heard the detective moan in pleasure. Sherlock opened his mouth further, allowing John better access. Their hands roamed over the other's body, every inch they could reach, until John grabbed Sherlock by the shoulders and pushed him down onto the bed. Their towels had slipped off them in their initial entrance to the room and they were now both completely naked.
"No problem. Text me if you need anything and try not to kill him," he said as he left.
“Don’t ever say you didn’t do anything- you did everything. You were there for me when I needed you, no matter what you were doing or what time it was.”
There was an infinite amount of things he loved doing with John, and there was an infinite amount of things he loved that John did to him, but this had to be one of his absolute favourites. John’s touch always seemed to awaken something within him. Some great urge and need to feel loved and warm and protected, and John always delivered.
"Sherlock, what's wrong?"
Life was never quiet or predictable when living with Sherlock Holmes, and most definitely not when sleeping with him, and John thought that he secretly liked it. Liked to be kept on his toes, not knowing what was going to happen, though he could definitely go without any more injuries or accidents for a life time. Sherlock's accident may not have caused that much damage but John had still been scared to lose him. Still was, on a daily basis, and he suspected Sherlock was too. But that was their life, and they would never give it up for anything.
John's fingers travelled down between Sherlock's legs and he couldn't suppress a moan of pleasure when he finally entered the detective. His fingers were surrounded by warmth and heat and Sherlock. He looked at the detective, who had his eyes closed and was trying to control his breathing. "Are you okay?" John asked.
"Case."
"None?"
John rummaged around in the kitchen for a minute before coming back with some paracetamol and a glass of water. “So that I can give you something that will help. That way you can stop being in pain and I can stop worrying about you.”
“Sherlock, you’re really worrying me. What is it? Do you not like the food?”
Sherlock was surprised to enjoy the quieter days with John, but then so much surprised him about John. How he could look so innocent and be so deadly, how mundane he looked on the outside but how exquisite he was on the inside, how he accepted for Sherlock for who he was but couldn't tolerate a single bad comment being thrown his way. Everything about John surprised him, and he was more than happy to spend the rest of his life being surprised.
Sherlock rubbed the substance over John's skin and then started rubbing his hands up and down John's back, taking special care when he got to the pulled muscle. John hissed in pain, but made no other complaints. He knew it was going to hurt, he was just glad that Sherlock was making it better.
“Fine, I’ll take the damn tablets,” the detective huffed.
"Maybe I wanted it to be true," Sherlock said without hesitation. He had always found John fascinating, but over the months they had spent living together, working together and getting to know each other he had grown very fond of the doctor. John was like no one else Sherlock knew. He was more intelligent than most, he accepted Sherlock for who he was and he awakened something in Sherlock that he thought long buried. A need for praise and company. Now the thought of not having John with him at all times seemed completely unacceptable.
John reluctantly let go of Sherlock and got up, picking up the ringing phone on his way out of the room, silently hoping that it wouldn’t wake up the detective.
As soon as John's keys entered the door of 221 Baker Street Mrs Hudson had ran out of her flat.
"I was hoping to see my brother," he said.
And while much didn’t happen, John wasn’t surprised. He hadn’t expected Sherlock to plan anything exuberant and while part of him wanted to go out somewhere, and maybe get a few drinks, he didn’t want to have to leave Sherlock’s side. At the end of the day, just as he was about to get up to make dinner, there was a quick knock on their door before Lestrade walked in.
"I like the sound of that," John said with a smile. He was just about ready to get out of the shower but there was still Sherlock to consider. "I'll help you get ready then."
At that Sherlock had the sense to look slightly ashamed. It was never a good time to pass out, but his timing in this particular instance had been rather unfortunate.
“Fine,” Sherlock huffed.
John shook his head, clearing his thoughts. "Yeah, I'm fine, Just hmm, drinking my tea," he said, laughing nervously and then taking a sip from his now cold beverage.
Surprisingly Sherlock opened his eyes immediately, and after taking in John's form sat up on the sofa balancing himself on one elbow. He rubbed his eyes with his free hand and tried to stifle a yawn, unsuccessfully. "What time is it?” he asked.
It seemed Sherlock had not been the only one in need of some rest. As John awakened from his short slumber on the sofa he glanced over at the kitchen where the detective had been looking down his microscope just moments a go. Now, however, he was stretched across the table, his head resting on his arms, having finally succumbed to sleep. John walked over quietly and leaned over him.
“John?” Sherlock called out hesitantly. He walked slowly towards the sofa, his eyes trained intently on his flatmate. “I need to tell you something.”
concussion, Sherlock. And no, that was not the reason why I didn’t wake up. I didn’t wake up because…” John struggled for a second, not entirely sure how to tell Sherlock the real reason without sounding overly sentimental, but the look on Sherlock’s face said he better hurry up and give him a good reason before he rushed him off to the hospital again. “I was having a really nice dream about us and I didn’t want to wake up, alright?”
"I'm fine, I just need a minute," he said, finally looking at John, "Please."
“You have no idea how long I’ve wanted to do this.” He kept his attention on Sherlock’s neck and felt the detective tensing against him as he found a particularly sensitive spot. Encouraged by this John started biting, sucking and licking until he could hear Sherlock panting.
"What?" Sherlock asked, worried that John had somehow ensured that Sherlock wouldn't be allowed out of his room, not that it would stop him but he would still rather not have to run away again, especially after seeing how upset John had been this time.
"Yes, Sherlock, I'm right here. I'm right here," John replied, as he ran a hand soothingly through Sherlock's curls.
"I will, and I have. I just got distracted today. I've been sitting around here for weeks not doing anything, I just needed a case!"
"No. Why are you so concerned about this all of a sudden?" It wasn't exactly unusual for Sherlock to bring up any of a number of random subjects up when John was trying to watch telly, but this wasn't one he ever thought they would be discussing. But now that he really thought about it the idea did sound appealing. But Sherlock had already clearly voiced his displeasure, and John allowed his hopes to simmer down again.
A call of his name snapped him out of his thoughts. Mycroft was standing inside his office with the door open, wearing his usual three piece suit and politely disdainful smile. "What can I do for you, John?" he asked, signalling for John to join him in the room.
Sherlock couldn’t respond, but he tried lifting his hand up to squeeze John’s. He didn’t quite manage it, but John saw, and knew what he was trying to say. John always understood him.
Sherlock could only nod. John was gently rocking back and forth and the sensation was exquisite. All the drugs in the world couldn’t compare to the feeling of having John Watson lavish you with attention, kiss you softly, stroke you, fuck you, love you.
The good doctor came back into the room- still completely naked, Sherlock noted happily- with a large tray filled with food. Anything and everything that Sherlock might want to eat, including their own little indulgence.
"Hmm."
John, still slightly dazed, was lying on the bed but noting Sherlock's absence balanced himself on his elbows and looked up.
It was late afternoon once they reached Baker Street. John had spent a long time at the restaurant trying to coax Sherlock into eating an acceptable amount of food and even managed to convince him to share a dessert.
John nudged over closer to Sherlock and took the detective’s hand in his own. “Sherlock, I’m not expecting anything special today, alright? You don’t have to worry about anything.”
It was then that the doorbell rang and John decided to give Sherlock the time he had asked for. "I'll be right back."
Sherlock stood open mouthed for a few seconds before returning the pressure of his brother's hug. When they broke off he was surprised to see that Mycroft was smiling.
"You're still here," John mused out loud.
"Don't be silly. I'll make you a cuppa, you just relax and I'll bring it up in just a moment."
They slowly pulled apart and Sherlock looked at John before quietly asking, "Does this mean you forgive me?"
And Sherlock passed out.
Sherlock's doctor arrived then and he was taken up for an x-ray to make sure he was ready to go home the next day. In the meantime Lestrade left for work and John stayed behind waiting for Sherlock to return. Once he did, and after the doctor left, Sherlock lied down on the small sofa in the room and spread himself across John who fit comfortably in the sofa. They lay there for hours just talking, Sherlock fighting to stay awake against tiredness and pain, so he could spend time with John.
"Sherlock..." John started, already exasperated by the detective's attitude towards his own well-being.
John climbed onto the bed and placed his knees on either side of Sherlock. He smiled down at the detective who returned the gesture enthusiastically. John then leaned down and stared licking Sherlock's neck slowly. He worked his way from one side to the other, taking special care with the detective's pulse point. Sherlock was already writhing beneath him and John had barely gotten started.
"I'm going to go back to the Yard if you don't mind," Lestrade said.
“You’re my bachelor.”
John caught his eye and grinned broadly. "I don't think either of us have to worry about endurance, do you?"
"John!" he cried out desperately.
"It is, I..."
A man sat hunched on the sofa in the living room, clearly struggling for breath. The wheeze which accompanied each breath he took was audible even from the entrance. In front of him kneeled an older woman, who was running her small hand up and down his back. She looked over at the new arrivals, relief clear in her expression. “It’s okay, Sherlock,” she soothed, “the paramedics are here now, they’ll take care of you.”
If he was honest with himself he knew that sooner or later Sherlock would end up in the hospital. Whether because of an injury he'd sustain while chasing a criminal, or the drugs or just simply exhaustion, but he never thought Sherlock would end up here because he saved someone else.
"Don't make jokes, Mycroft. John's at work, you know that perfectly well," Sherlock replied, annoyed at the amount of security his brother had on both himself and John, though admittedly it could be helpful sometimes. "I need your help."
They had been working on a case for the last week. It had been an especially difficult one and Sherlock hadn't slowed down since it started. He had spent most of his time at St. Bart's experimenting and after a week of non-stop investigating and deducing he had finally solved it. John had spent most of that time worrying about Sherlock, seeing as the consulting detective had no time for such mindless concerns as to those of his transport. He hadn't slept in the last four days and had barely eaten anything, claiming that digestion slowed him down and he needed to think.
“No, you don’t understand, I-”
Sherlock used his free hand to tip John’s head back and kissed him passionately. John groaned into his mouth with each movement of Sherlock’s hand. The detective was now languidly stroking John’s cock and trying to match the rhythm of his thrusting into Sherlock’s hand. “I want that in me,” Sherlock pleaded.
"I was," he said as he tried to sit up, "and then I woke up. What can I do for you?"
He walked over to Sherlock who had resumed his pacing and settled his hands over his brother's shoulders, effectively stopping him in place. In an extremely rare show of affection that neither would forget he embraced his brother lightly. "Congratulations, Sherlock."
It wasn't all bad though. After the transition their relationship had taken John had discovered a completely new side to Sherlock; it turned out he could be romantic after all. Though as with anything Sherlock Holmes's idea of romanticism was very different to everyone else's. Romance for Sherlock was holding the crime scene tape up so John could pass, stopping during an investigation so John could eat or bringing John's gun along when he had forgotten it. It didn't take long for John to realise that Sherlock had been doing that for a long time, since the very beginning even. The signs had all been there but he had been too afraid to act on his feelings. Aside from Mrs. Hudson, Sherlock never cared what anyone else thought or even acknowledged their existence beyond necessity, but not with John. He was always conscious of John, and John was always by his side.
“Tea,” John repeated, his response muffled by the pillow covering most of his mouth.
The relief that had come from finally asking John to marry him was quickly replaced with sheer and utter panic after John didn’t reply. He just sat there looking completely dumbfound and not moving a single muscle.
“A different kind, maybe, but not when it comes to a case.”
As soon as they reached the waiting room the detective inspector had started pacing up and down, unable to stay still for longer than five minutes. Even Mycroft was unusually agitated, tapping his umbrella and his foot on the floor, probably to keep himself from pacing along with Lestrade.
They shared a knowing look across the table, clearly remembering quite a few times when Sherlock was more than happy with John’s surprises.
"I just woke up, and there's nothing to do here. If you wish to stay I would not be opposed," he continued. He really could use some company. Between the pain and the haze of the medication he had nothing to do, especially since John wasn't here. Even though he wanted John with him he was glad the doctor was getting some much needed rest.
Sherlock had nearly died.
"I'm just curious as to why you want to go out all of a sudden. You don't have a case, do you?"
"What do you mean taking care?" John asked, though he wasn't entirely certain he wanted to know.
Thankfully there was a knock at the door that interrupted any insult that Sherlock might be ready to direct his way. The detective snapped out of his sulk immediately and ran down the stairs. "I got it!" he shouted, before John even managed to walk back into the living room from the kitchen where he'd been preparing an early dinner.
"We need to talk about this," John said, worry seeping into his tone, "You're not sleeping, you're barely eating and you're smoking more and more each day. This has to stop."
"What's your face doing, Lestrade?"
“Are you eating as well?” John asked as he took out the leftovers from the fridge.
John hesitated only slightly before closing the door to Sherlock's room and going over to the bed. He could never say no to Sherlock, much less when he said please.
“Forget what?” Sherlock asked, confused.
"No reason," Sherlock replied dismissively.
When they finished their breakfast John barely had time to put the plates and mugs away before Sherlock was shouting for him.
“In a minute, you’re still watching that horrid movie.”
“Then you can see how worried he's been. You can't just pretend you're okay because you know he can see right through it, and trying to figure out what's wrong without you telling him is going to be exhausting. So for once in your life, Sherlock, swallow your pride and let the people that care about you help."
“Thank you.”
John watched alarmingly as Sherlock got up from the sofa and swayed before finally settling down on it again and resting his head on his hands. The doctor walked over quickly and once again kneeled down in front of Sherlock.
"I'm not sure yet," replied John, "but I'll need to ask the doctor as soon as possible because I know Sherlock's going to be climbing the walls in a few hours."
"Hello, John," Lestrade stammered out, as shocked at John but for a completely different reason, "Where uhh... where's your shirt?" he asked hesitantly.
In truth, there was nothing else in Sherlock’s mind but John. And he drew on every emotion, every feeling and thought and memory and he played. He played for John like he’d never played for anyone before, exposing himself and everything he was feeling, hoping to convey in music the thoughts that he sometimes couldn’t convey in words.
"I was just worried, you went all still and quiet. Mind palace?"
"Guess I'm not exciting enough for you then," John said as he slipped off his jacket. He watched in amusement as Sherlock stopped his pacing and turned to look at him, mouth agape.
"Sherlock, I'm back!" John called out from the stairs, carrying two bags of shopping in his hands. He set them down on the kitchen and went over to Sherlock, laid a kiss on his lips and returned to the kitchen to put the shopping away when he finally noticed something odd. "Have you been cooking?" John asked.
Sherlock spent the rest of the night lavishing his attention on John.
Lestrade went to sit down in their living room while John went back upstairs to convince Sherlock to come down. When he walked into the living room Sherlock was still spread across the bed looking rather debauched. John pulled his shirt back on and adjusted his trousers to look more presentable, at the same time informing Sherlock of their visitor. After a few more pleas and threats on John's part Sherlock finally put on his clothes and went down to meet Lestrade.
"No," John replied after preparing the two mugs of tea and handing one to Sherlock before sipping from his own and joining the detective on the sofa.
"Not hungry," Sherlock dismissed.
“I thought she’d already left,” Sherlock continued. He still looked a little dazed. “She saw all of that, didn’t she?”
"I don't think so. Does that mean you'll actually come with me when I go shopping?" John asked hopefully.
“My head hurts and it will continue to hurt until the pain is done. In the meantime, I would really appreciate a distraction.”
Regardless of this, the taxi ride was quiet. Emotions had always been an unspoken part of their friendship and it seemed neither one felt comfortable changing that.
He sat down on his chair and looked longingly at the one across from it. He felt his heart clench at the thought that it would never be filled again. There would be no more dashing off at a moment's notice, no more experiments in the fridge and no more violin playing at night when he was trying to sleep; there was just silence. He continued to smoke, attempting to blow smoke rings as he had sometimes seen Sherlock do. Once he'd finished it he stubbed it out on the ashtray that Sherlock had stolen from Buckingham Palace.
"I dunno, Sherlock, I guess it never felt right with any of them."
"What can I do for you then?"
He turned around to find Mrs Hudson standing by her door, clearly having been woken up by the noise he and Sherlock were making. "Did we wake you up, Mrs Hudson? I'm so sorry."
Sherlock's phone suddenly went off as Molly was about to leave. The doctor eyed the phone gravely and Sherlock handed it to Molly.
John never thought he would see Sherlock like this, so pliant, so submissive, but John seemed to have that effect on him. When John was around Sherlock was always a little more careful with his words- a little more human- if only because John would call him out on it, but this was completely different. This was Sherlock Holmes completely bare, stripped of his usual defences. Everything was out in the open for John to see. The wanton desire, the pleasure, the need.
"Yeah?"
John felt his head sink lower in Sherlock’s chest and looked up to see that the detective had fallen asleep, his head now tilted back against the armrest. He was tired as well, the long days at work and now the concussion had taken a lot out of him and he just wanted to get some sleep, but he knew from experience that the sofa was a horrible place to do it. He yawned lazily and stretched, his arms reaching back behind his head, which woke Sherlock up. The detective sat up suddenly, bringing John up with him once again, and started frantically looking around the room.
"Of course I did, you idiot," John replied affectionately and brought Sherlock over to the table where he was sat with his friends. "C'mon, I want you to meet some of the guys."
"Oh please, as if you didn't already know that. Now, are you going to answer my question or continue to bore me?"
It was nothing they hadn’t done before, though usually it tended to happen the other way around. Perhaps now it was time Sherlock looked after John for a change.
Everything they fought for, all the time they waited to be reunited was nothing but a distant memory now and all he could think about was the fact that he might never see life in Sherlock's eyes again. Might never feel the warmth of his lips on his, his hand held in his own. He might lose him all over again.
"Then talk to me."
Caring for him. Looking after him. Watching him.
Roof. Not what it sounds like, he just wanted some air GL
What John hadn’t been counting on was the fact that the man would find a rusted old baseball bat in said alley and proceed to threaten to bash Sherlock’s head in. As always John’s military habits- and his more protective side- kicked in and he stood a little straighter, eyeing the distance between Sherlock and the thief quickly and trying to find a way out without getting either himself or the detective injured.
He was pleased when he noted John leaning closer and closer to him, both men meeting somewhere in the middle.
John was pleasantly surprised when he arrived home and the flat was still intact. Regardless of Sherlock's dismissals of weird experiments John was sure that he'd been up to something, he just didn't know what. Sherlock, however, was nowhere to be found. There was a pleasant smell in the air- definitely not from experiments- and the flat was surprisingly warm.
When Sherlock noticed that John had fallen asleep on the sofa he walked over to him and wrapped a blanket tightly around the doctor. He didn't want to wake him up and drag him to bed. John had been busy between work and Sherlock, and now Sherlock's work, and he hoped that John would be able to catch up on his sleep this weekend.
A week later, on Monday, John returned to work. He'd taken some time off to stay with Sherlock while he recovered from his more serious injuries, and even though he would still rather stay at home with him he knew he needed to go back to work. He loved spending time with Sherlock but now that he had his old case files he spent most of his time working and John spent most of his time updating his blog and fussing over Sherlock.
John grabbed Sherlock’s hand and started making his way upstairs. When they finally reached their flat they both took off their jackets. John had to make a conscious effort not to pounce on Sherlock when the detective laid down on the sofa and finished unbuttoning his shirt.
"How long was I asleep?"
"Is there any food left in the kitchen?"
Sherlock blinked a couple of times before looking around, no doubt trying to reassure himself he was safe in their room. "I'm fine."
All the while John was watching him and his mouth fell open comically when Sherlock revealed a ring. When the detective sat back down he looked up at John smiling widely and picked up his hand, holding it gently in his own.
John could tell that Lestrade felt the same way, even after years of working with Sherlock. John remembered how pleased Lestrade looked at the first crime scene John and Sherlock had worked together, urging Sherlock to tell them his process by implying that Sherlock was making it up. He knew it wasn't true, of course, Sherlock didn't need to make any of it up to impress people, but Sherlock had felt the need to explain himself, huffed out his deductions as he moved fluidly across the room, pointing out little bits of information all the dull minds had missed.
John could see Lestrade trying hard not to laugh at Sherlock’s annoyance. “Like I said, I was just wondering how your special day had been so far.”
"Ta."
"Sherlock," John called out and Sherlock twitched and widened in eyes in attention, "when was the last time you slept through the night?"
John's heart melted at Sherlock's words. Not only did he overlook the fact that Sherlock himself had been hurt and had saved the boy's life, all he pointed out was the fact that it had upset John. "You saved someone's life, Sherlock, and you survived. That's all that matters to me."
John grabbed his phone from the bedside table and checked the time before replying. "About 10 hours, how are you feeling?"
Mycroft nodded his understanding before leaving the flat, hoping that his small gesture would allow his brother's life to return to normal before something went monumentally wrong.
Preoccupied with his own inner turmoil, John didn't notice Sherlock shifting in bed. He'd been stirring slightly for the last few minutes, just before John arrived, after having spent most of the afternoon hiding out in John's bedroom waiting for him in fear that Mrs Hudson would come up to the flat looking for John and find him instead. When he arrived the first thing he did was lay down on John's bed. After spending months away from his friend and their home he was feeling lonely and couldn't wait until John came home so that they could finally see each other again. But John had been out all day and Sherlock couldn't resist the pull of sleep as the exhaustion of the last few months finally caught up to him and he slumped down on the bed. As soon as his head hit the pillow he felt John's lingering scent- not something most people would pick up on, but then he wasn't most people- and he fell asleep at once.
"I know," Sherlock replied, turning slightly so he could reach John's lips, "I love you too."
“You have to.”
He crawled his way back up Sherlock’s body, his hands roaming over his thighs, and started littering his navel with kisses.
Sherlock's hands started working away at John's shirt while his mouth occupied John's, teeth and tongue clashing in a needy kiss. Sherlock wasn't deterred by the fact that he technically only had one working arm and soon had John's shirt completely off.
When they arrived at home Sherlock decided to finally ask John something that had been on his mind all day. "Would it be acceptable for me to spend tonight with you... in your room?"
“Fine, but you should still get some rest.” Most of the time there was no point arguing with Sherlock, but when it came to his health John always put his foot down. It was his job as a doctor and as Sherlock’s partner to look after him when he needed him, and that was exactly what he was going to do.
"Be quiet, John. Try to relax."
Lestrade left his officers to take care of the scene, and the thief, while he drove Sherlock and John to the hospital. He kept Sherlock company in the waiting room while John was observed, surprised that the detective hadn’t tried to fight his way in.
"Inside the house."
“Get the hell away from me!” the thief shouted, the baseball bat tightly gripped in his hands and raised above his head. He didn’t look very steady on his feet and the bat kept swinging lightly backwards and forwards. John was rather hoping he would swing wildly and collapse on the floor. It seemed likely enough.
"I didn't hide them," Sherlock said, "I... I put them away."
But nevertheless he took his time in stretching Sherlock. He rocked his finger gently back and forth, waiting until he felt little resistance so that he could add another one.
Lauren nodded her understanding. “I see you’ve been using your inhaler, has that helped at all?”
John, on the other hand, was having, for once, quite a pleasant dream.
“What is it, Sherlock?” John asked, concerned. Hesitation was not a usual trait in the great Sherlock Holmes.
For a brief second John looked over at Sherlock. The detective was standing in front of the thief, his legs parted slightly allowing for greater balance and the ability to lunge at the man should the opportunity arise. Clearly he was thinking the same thing as John.
“Yes, John,” he replied, sounding very much like a small child. “Thank you.”
And so John and Lestrade were off to the pub where a few more of John’s friends were waiting. Sherlock figured it would be best for John to spend some time with his friends on his birthday instead of just spending the whole day around the flat. No matter how much he loved having John to himself he recognised that John needed to spend time with his other friends as well, and this was the perfect opportunity; especially because Sherlock needed time to plan for the next day.
Since John and Sherlock had started living together he had grown accustomed to the detective's every disposition, and each disposition had a different manner of handling. Sometimes it was best to leave him alone, sometimes it was best to distract him and sometimes all that could be done was to keep an eye on him. John didn't like any of Sherlock's darker moods, but his danger nights scared him the most. He'd first had a glimpse at Sherlock's mysterious past on the day Lestrade had carried out his pretend drugs bust and not long after the events at the pool Mycroft had spoken to John and explained everything. Well, everything he deemed necessary, which really wasn't much at all, but it did give John an understanding of how important it was to watch out for Sherlock.
“Sherlock,” he called out, “you’re tired, go to bed.”
When they finally arrived Sherlock quickly got out of the cab, leaving John to pay, as usual. He walked over to Lestrade who was smiling widely at the oncoming detective, and from behind John smirked. He’d warned Lestrade not to say anything- or at least try to not make it too obvious- but he knew there was no point. If Lestrade wanted to say something he would, and Sherlock probably wouldn’t like it very much, but he’d just have to deal with it.
John, Lestrade and the boy's parents looked on in horror as the car continued and Sherlock raced to reach the boy.
“It’s always you.”
“You can call John, if you’d like, to let him know what’s going on. We’ll look after Sherlock,” Matt reassured her. It was always good to keep distressed relatives busy and out of the way. Besides, John might be in a better state to tell them about Sherlock’s health than Mrs Hudson was right now.
Sherlock looked towards the sound, noticing, for the first time, his brother standing by the door.
He couldn't deny that over the year and a half he had spent living with John they had each come to rely on each other which made him feel even guiltier about his actions, regardless of their necessity. But he was back now and he was going to make amends. No matter how hard he found it was to talk about his feelings he knew he had to. He had to explain to John why he jumped off that rooftop, why he couldn't come until now and why he had finally chosen to return, but that conversation could wait until tomorrow.
Before he could move any further John put his hand on his chest, stopping him in his tracks. "Sherlock, tell me you're not going to do anything stupid."
They both moved fluidly around the kitchen. John went back to his post by the stove as Sherlock got two plates and some cutlery out of the corresponding cupboard and drawer and placed them next to the stove. He grabbed the two mugs of tea and took them over to table. He was joined by John not a minute afterwards with two plates of food which they promptly started eating.
Hours later when Sherlock had satisfied his need to conduct strange experiments he had finally settled down on the sofa with John. He had his legs folded under him and his head on John’s chest. John, in turn, had wrapped his right arm around Sherlock and was slowly stroking his arm up and down with his fingers. Their hands were entwined on John’s lap, fingers twitching and fidgeting with one another absentmindedly.
"Oh," John sighed in relief, "aside from that, how are you feeling?"
"Why must you be so obstinate?" John sighed.
"No problem, it was worth it," Lestrade replied, "you're looking better."
It blew swiftly across his face, and he took a moment to appreciate the fresh air. It felt like years since he’d been outside of the confining hallways of the hospital, but in fact it had only been a few days.
“You’ll see in a minute,” Sherlock replied. He then realised that John was leaning on his chair with one of his hands behind his back. “What are you hiding?”
The detective examined John quickly, coming to the conclusion that he probably only had a minor concussion. Nevertheless John needed to go to the hospital.
"What do you think?" he asked.
"I'm not concerned, I'm simply asking." And so the subject was dropped.
His heart would eventually stop.
John noticed Sherlock unsuccessfully stiffing a yawn and decided it was time to let him rest.
"I love you," Sherlock confessed.
"No, I really should go. I don't want him to do anything... well, you know."
"You've missed this, haven't you?" John asked between kisses, noting how responsive Sherlock was to his every touch.
“You were there,” Sherlock said again, more firmly this time, “you distracted me from the pain and you took care of me. Thank you.”
“Satisfied?” John asked.
He knocked before entering seeing as Sherlock was probably getting dressed. He'd text Mycroft after leaving the hospital the day before telling him that Sherlock was leaving and Mycroft had insisted on going to Baker Street to collect Sherlock's clothes so he was ready the next day by the time John arrived. John had insisted that he could take them to Sherlock in the morning but Mycroft didn't relent and John had a feeling he was just using the clothes as an excuse to see his brother again.
“Earth to Sherlock,” he said as he waved his hand in front of him. “Sherlock?”
"You'd like that, wouldn't you?" John teased.
Before Sherlock could reply with his own greeting John softly cupped the detective's face, his eyes never leaving Sherlock's in an intense gaze that spoke more than words. He gently lowered himself until their lips met in a deep passionate kiss. If this was what Sherlock would wake up to every morning he would be more than happy to adapt his sleeping habits accordingly. As his brain clicked back into gear, having been momentarily stunned by the intensity of John's gaze, he returned the kiss with equal fervour; the all-consuming kiss becoming more pleasurable by the second. Sherlock's hands moved of their own accord and roamed his partner's body until they settled on his hips. After what seemed like forever they broke apart- Sherlock had never thought breathing was so dull- and he rolled them both over so that he was positioned over John; an ideal spot for what he was about to do. Before John could protest, which he seemed more than ready to do, Sherlock brought his lips down on John's exposed neck.
"How long?" John insisted and narrowed his eyes at Sherlock who gave in under the scrutiny.
She was startled, clearly thinking he was asleep, "Oh, hello Sherlock! I thought you were asleep."
“My neck hurts. I needed to lie down; it was too uncomfortable to sit.”
"C'mon, let’s go to bed. We could both use some sleep." John led him upstairs and over to their bed.
No matter how bad those times had been it had brought them closer together, and John had learnt a lot about Sherlock because of them; one of the most important lessons being to not mess up his sock index. Certain things could be easily deduced if one paid close enough attention. How Sherlock took sugar in his coffee but not in his tea, how he never ate during a case but could be persuaded by a cup of tea and some toast and how he always spent an extra ten minutes in the bathroom when he washed his hair. There were other, more subtle, distinct traits that John had figured out over time. The fact that Sherlock's mood was often translated into his music, how he hid behind his label of sociopathy in order to not have to explain his eccentric behaviour, a fact which John figured out due to his previous discovery of how affected Sherlock truly was by what he deemed failure whenever a life was lost in a case he was working on. He may claim that he found it easy to simply not care for those involved but John had seen the shock, and later on the anger, on his face when Moriarty had killed the old lady and subsequently another eleven innocent people, even after Sherlock had solved his puzzle.
Throughout the last three years he had grown to know and love John Watson for all his loyalty, intelligence and unpredictability- John Watson who, unlike love, was still a mystery to Sherlock- and the detective was looking forward to spending the rest of his days side by side with him.
“High,” the detective replied, somewhat apprehensively. “Though I’m not entirely sure why, since I didn’t take anything.” He eyed John with an intensity, silently asking for an explanation as to what had happened. It was disconcerting waking up feeling like this when it wasn’t his own doing.
"You don't have to leave if you don't want to."
John shot out of his chair like a maniac and raced over to where Sherlock had been standing just a few seconds ago. Had it been real, or was it all in his head? It seemed real enough to him, but he'd been holding on to Sherlock seconds ago. Where had he gone? And when did Lestrade get here? "He was here. He was right here, I saw him. I saw him, I spoke to him. Where did he go?" he shouted at Lestrade, who was looking more and more confused by the second. "He was right here."
Sherlock started exploring John’s mouth with his tongue. He wanted to touch every part of John. He wanted to map it all out with his hands and his tongue and create a room in his mind palace dedicated to John’s body. It seemed John had the same idea as he started undoing Sherlock’s shirt so he could get to the detective’s chest.
"Oh, that," Sherlock tried to dismiss, "Mrs Hudson needed something for her dinner and I told her to take whatever she needed."
"Obviously," Sherlock remarked.
By the end of the day the case was solved and they headed back home. As soon as they got in Sherlock took off his coat and scarf and turned towards John with an eager look in his eyes.
“No,” came a quick reply.
He got up as soon as he heard John close the door and got ready. He had a shower, got dressed and started organizing his case files, even calling Lestrade to collect the ones he had already solved. He cleaned up the living room, which mostly meant piling things up in the corner and removed his experiments from the kitchen- the more mild ones John had allowed- into his old bedroom. When he was satisfied with the state of the living room he started working on the kitchen. His phone went off just as he was about to tackle the body parts in the fridge.
At that moment John started stirring. Sherlock knew that the second John woke up he would let go of his hand so he braced himself for the disappointment.
John trudged up the steps of 221 Baker Street until he reached the door to his room. He walked across to the bed where he promptly collapsed after taking off his coat and shoes. Today had been an extremely long day at the surgery and he was beyond tired. It was days like these when he thought back to the time when he used to run around London with Sherlock- after Sherlock- who was always running off to carry out an experiment or to follow a lead or, most likely, going after the suspect. It was one of the many reasons why John always insisted on going with him. He always followed Sherlock, but now he had gone somewhere where no one could follow.
“Sherlock?”
"You needed to get it out, Sherlock. You needed to talk about it and from now on it'll be easier, you'll see. I'm not saying it's all magically going to go away, that's not how things work, but I'm here. I know what it's like to watch innocent lives being taken in front of you; I know what it's like to feel guilty. And it's no use. The fault should lie with those who committed these horrible acts, not with those who tried to stop them. Please believe me."
It was then that a man frantically ran into the room, breathing heavily and looking panicked when he saw the scene in front of him. “Jesus, Sherlock,” he breathed, dismayed.
The anxiety leftover from his nightmare wouldn't leave him and Sherlock knew he needed something stronger. Seven percent stronger his mind whispered. He chased the thought away, determined not to give in. Instead he retrieved the cigarettes John had hidden in the skull. He took one out, noticing there was one missing from the last time he had seen them. He remembered the lingering scent of cigarettes when he had visited John on his birthday; John must have smoked one that day. After lighting the cigarette he walked over to one of the windows and opened it, blowing the smoke out.
When John arrived he gave Lestrade a pleading look, hoping that the detective inspector wouldn’t make a big deal out of it.
"I was waiting for my idiot boyfriend to realize he needs to sleep like the rest of us." Sherlock's and John's gazes met and they both smiled at the term. John continued, "Besides, I'm tired of going to bed alone."
John came home later than usual on Friday and was ready for another round of brilliant deductions from Sherlock when he noticed that the detective was actually asleep on the sofa. He had his head thrown back over the edge and his hand was hanging over the side, papers spilled all over the floor where he had dropped them. It was no surprise, he had been working non-stop for the past few days, barely taking a break to eat or sleep.
When he walked back inside their room he saw Sherlock laying stomach down completely stretched across the bed.
Mycroft walked slowly over to the chair next to Sherlock and sat down. "I'm merely inquiring into your well-being, you know how I worry."
"I assume that's a rhetorical question."
"Nothing," Sherlock whispered quietly, "I just need some water."
"Sherlock..." he breathed, trying to keep his anxiety at bay, "this isn't the way, you know that."
"Good, good. I'm glad you're alright," she said as she smiled at him. Sherlock always wondered how someone who had such a grim and sometimes lonely job could be so happy all the time, but perhaps that was exactly why. She worked with the dead, so she knew to appreciate the living. He felt he was starting to understand a little bit better now, something he never thought he would aim to do, but was glad for it nonetheless.
He got up and washed the plate and cutlery before setting them down on the tray Mrs Hudson had brought up; he would take them downstairs before he left for the hospital again, he just needed to get changed.
"Yes," Lestrade confirmed, "Sylvia, her son and her ex-husband."
"Hey, Lestrade," he answered.
He jumped off the bed and kissed Sherlock's lips lightly before announcing that he was going to the bathroom. How many times did he dream of that mouth? How many dreams had he had about him and Sherlock doing exactly what he'd just done? He felt silly for thinking it, but it really was a dream come true, in every sense. He had Sherlock back, with none of the restrictions of before. He was Sherlock's and Sherlock was his.
Between the occasional shift at the clinic and all the investigate work with Sherlock he hadn’t spent much time at home and he hadn’t spent nearly as much time with Sherlock as he would have liked to. Hopefully they could wrap this up quickly seeing as Lestrade was already on his way and walk back to the flat and settle down with a cuppa.
He remember Sherlock involving him in the investigations from the beginning. Astonishing him with his deductions and his brilliant mind. Surprising him with his lack of knowledge of anything he deemed superfluous or simply dull. Worrying him with his self-destructive behaviour.
"Sherlock! Wake up, Sherlock. Wake up, it's just a nightmare."
John decided that even though going after Sherlock would be useless, he could still text him. He needed Sherlock to know he was worried and that he wouldn't push him to talk any more if he didn't want to. Not for now anyway, it wasn't a subject they could just ignore.
"I told you I was going out."
"I love kissing you so much," John said as he continued to lick his way down Sherlock's neck. The detective only grunted in reply, not being able to form proper sentences through the haze of pleasure. John's hands roamed Sherlock's body once again, resting on his hips. Sherlock's own hands were moving all over John, unable to stay in one place for very long. John started biting Sherlock's neck and he felt him thrust his hips forward, effectively putting pressure in all the right places.
But John was clearly not amused. He pulled his pyjama trousers on and got out of bed. Sherlock's brain was still a little fuzzy and so it took him a lot longer than he would care to admit to realize that John was simply picking up the previously discarded breakfast tray. He quickly came back to bed and set the tray down across Sherlock's lap before sitting next to him on the bed.
His eyes closed and his fists clenched as he felt the ground drop out from beneath him. The combination of the noise, the bright lights and the pain was too much and he tried to shut everything out. He needed to figure out what was going on but his brain failed to work out anything beyond
They spent the remainder of the afternoon- or what little was left of it- eating the food John had made for them. At some point the tray was discarded on the floor and the whipped cream was pulled out. Sherlock squirted it all over John's body and then licked it slowly and diligently, enjoying the taste in his mouth and John's little moans of pleasure as Sherlock's tongue darted out and made contact with his skin.
"What were you thinking about?" John asked. He had always been curious to explore Sherlock's mind, and it was times like these when the detective was calm that he liked to try and gain an insight.
It had been hours since Sherlock had been brought it, or at least it seemed like hours. Sylvia and her son had come in at one point and asked John how Sherlock was, but he hadn’t said anything. Lestrade had told them what little they knew and after expressing her gratitude for what Sherlock had done they had both left. John only acknowledged their presence long enough to see that the young boy was fine. Sherlock had saved him. He couldn't concentrate on anything apart from the fact that he wasn't with Sherlock. That he didn't know what was going on and that he couldn't help. He could have been sitting here for just five minutes for all he knew, just staring at the wall and hoping that Sherlock would make it.
"No," Sherlock replied, none too convincingly. He knew that John was becoming suspicious but he preferred John to think he was doing strange experiments, that way he wouldn't over think Sherlock's behaviour and possibly figure out what he had planned.
“Shh, I know, Sherlock,” John said, bringing his hand up to cup the detective’s face, “I’m okay, there’s nothing to worry about.”
"I am fine, Molly. Thank you for your concern." He was expecting her to come along at some point. Lestrade or John must have informed her of what happened and he knew that Molly would not be satisfied with second-hand news, not when it came to Sherlock.
“I can’t believe we just had sex while you were wearing your dressing gown.”
The detective threw his head back on the pillow and opened his mouth in pure pleasure, but no sound came out. John watched from above, moving slowly, as the emotions crossed Sherlock’s face. He’d been worried at first that this would make Sherlock’s migraine worse, but it was clear now that the discomfort and pain were gone, giving way only to pleasure.
He had come to Baker Street specifically to leave Sherlock the case files after John text him desperately asking for them before Sherlock started shooting the walls in boredom.
Sherlock opened his eyes slightly and the first thing he saw was John laying on his side facing him, his hand outstretched towards the detective. John's eyes bore into him with a fierce intensity, as if John was afraid that Sherlock would disappear if he looked away. In that moment his thoughts took an unexpected turn. He could very easily get used to waking up to this everyday. He'd never felt as close to someone as he did to John and the realization that maybe what he felt for his flatmate was more than friendship had been creeping up on him for a few months before his suicide. And now was the time to act on those feelings, to take a leap of faith and show John how he truly felt.
Luckily no one came in to tell him to leave and he rethought his strategy of lying there without sleeping. He was still tired from all the time spent by Sherlock's bedside while he was unconscious and he could use a little sleep.
Sherlock tucked his head under John’s chin and held his hand beneath the covers. He was starting to feel sleepy, no doubt a combination of great sex and a cosy warm bed with John Watson in it. “It’s perfect,” he replied, and moments later fell asleep in John’s arms.
“You’re welcome,” John replied earnestly. “Was there anything else?” he added, noticing Sherlock fidgeting nervously.
When he entered the room he noticed that Sherlock had gone back to sleep. He was curled up right in the middle of the bed and had wrapped the sheets around himself. John set the tray down on the bedside table and quietly laughed to himself. He no longer found this particular sight surprising seeing as the detective often elected to sleep naked, a fact which John was most definitely not complaining about, and ended up stealing all the bedding for himself.
He still struggled to accept the fact that Sherlock had killed himself. There had been no signs, but then it was always difficult to tell with Sherlock, the man who hid his emotions behind a mask and never let anyone in. It had been clear to John though, that Sherlock had been growing more and more agitated as the case wore on. The man who always kept his emotions in check had snapped at the mere thought that John had been taken in by Moriarty's lie, but he never should have doubted John's loyalty. It had been tested time and time again, from the very beginning to the very end. Only the day after they met John had killed someone to protect Sherlock and he would've sacrificed himself at the pool had it meant that Sherlock got to live. But in turned out that, in the end, the only person John needed to protect Sherlock from was himself.
He quickly ate his breakfast and took some Paracetamol for his headache but before he stepped out of the flat he heard his phone go off. He took it out of his pocket and looked down at the screen. Lestrade. He had seen the state John was in last night, no wonder he was calling. He accepted the call and held the phone to his ear as he stepped out of the flat and locked the door behind him.
"I don't know," John shrugged, "where have you been for the past seven months?" His response was sharper than he had anticipated, but it had to come out sooner or later. He hoped Sherlock wouldn't close up like he usually did when they were discussing anything that didn't pertain to a case because they needed to talk about this.John needed to know, for his own peace of mind.
“Nothing, we were just cuddling and you were running your fingers up and down my arm and that was it. It was just nice.”
His hair was still wet when he arrived in the kitchen and immediately went over to the fridge and took the milk out, placing it next to the two mugs John had already prepared, ready for when the kettle finished boiling. On the stove sat a pan filled with bacon and eggs which Sherlock kept an eye on as John finished preparing the tea.
And suddenly everything clicked into place; the abandoned experiment, the lying down in the middle of the day, the head rush, the nausea and the sensitivity to light. “It’s not just a headache though, is it, Sherlock? It’s a bloody migraine.”
Sherlock had now officially moved into John's room. It seemed logical seeing as they had spent every night together since Sherlock's return and the room upstairs provided them with more privacy. Even so, Sherlock had been curious as to what state his own room was in, and walking in one day he noticed that nothing, not a single thing, had changed at all, something he had enquired John about as soon as he had noticed it.
John slowly walked in, military tread in place, trying to keep his emotions in check. Ignoring Mycroft's offer to sit down he chose instead to stand in front of the desk where Mycroft had positioned himself. Before he had a chance to comment on the unexpected visit John decided to cut right down to business. "Where is he?"
He could feel heat all around him and hear the screeching yell of sirens and people. Through the haze of his own thoughts he heard someone shout
"What exactly are you talking about?"
It was a habit they had both gotten into, cutting each other off before anything could be said, because they no longer needed words to communicate. For a long time they had used simple looks to convey entire conversations. Now, they used their touch to convey their feelings. The need, the fear, the desire. It seemed wrong to break the spell with words- useless words- because they both knew how unquestionably they relied on each other and how they complemented each other. And though neither of them had said it yet they knew they loved each other. Perhaps they never would said it, not in those exact terms at least, but the sentiment was there, in every look and every touch and every silent request. Sentiment. Feelings. Something Sherlock had always been opposed to. The grit on the lens, the fly in the ointment.
"I can't, I have to go to work, remember?"
John freed his hand from Sherlock’s and brought it up to the detective’s face. “I’m glad you did.”
John hung his jacket up and made his way to the kitchen. "Sherlock," he shouted, "are you in here?"
“I’m starving,” John announced and dug into his food straight away. Sherlock however, was still sitting rather awkwardly by the edge of the bed and staring intently at the wall. “What’s the matter?”
The wait had been hell. Waiting to reach the hospital, waiting to hear from the doctor, and now waiting for Sherlock to wake up. He'd been sat by his bedside as soon as he'd been allowed in, courtesy of Mycroft, and had barely strayed from the bed, lest Sherlock woke up by himself.
John collapsed on top of Sherlock trying to bring his breathing back to normal and wanting nothing more than to cuddle up to the man he loved for the rest of the night.
He ran his fingers slowly across Sherlock's ribs, careful not to hurt him, and then brushed his lips over them gently. "Do they still hurt?"
"Hello to you too, Sherlock." Sherlock rolled his eyes, he was here to work the case, not exchange pleasantries. "Sylvia Jensen, as you know," Lestrade continued, "has been receiving threatening messages for the past three weeks. Today she got a package with no return address. She figured it was from the same person so she called us in."
John nearly lost his balance as Sherlock wrapped both his legs around John’s hips. “Give me a bit of warning next time.”
"I do, on occasion, but I think it disintegrated when it realised it looked like you were going to do the dishes."
"I thought fucking around was the point."
"Of course I'll be there, Sherlock. Where else would I be, you idiot?"
“How about you get rid of this?” John asked as he tugged at the hem of Sherlock’s trousers.
John raised himself up to his feet, feeling victorious when he was able to do so without swaying. “I will ask you again, are you eating?”
“Fuck,” he swore as Sherlock wrapped one hand around his cock. He stopped what he was doing so he could take a deep breath and concentrate on not coming right there and then.
“Hospital,” Sherlock replied.
Mycroft's eyes snapped up at John's declaration. He opened his mouth as if to speak and then closed it again without saying anything. This struck John as odd as he'd never seen Mycroft hesitant about anything before. His personal query was answered at Mycroft's next words. "He's really alive then. I wasn't sure," he mused, more to himself than to John.
"I'm well aware, John, but surely we can find a way," he said, "Please?"
He spent most of the day seeing patients and only had a small break at lunch where he barely had time to eat. He contemplated texting Sherlock to ask how the case was going but he had been so fixated on it that John doubted Sherlock would even hear his phone. He hadn't seen Sherlock this enthralled in a case for a while and while he was glad that he was busy, he was worried that the detective would once again start ignoring his body's needs.
She had been polite and helpful with him as always, and then even managed to talk while they worked and Sherlock hadn't found it dull at all. Perhaps that was because they were talking about John. When he told John he was going to see Molly the doctor had suggested that he tell Molly about their relationship as she had the right to know. Sherlock had done so and was relieved to see that she didn't seem hurt or likely to burst into tears. Instead she had smiled brightly up and him, congratulated him and even hugged him.
John huffed in annoyance at Sherlock’s stubbornness but soon gave in and sat down on the sofa. As soon as he did Sherlock lay his head down on his lap and closed his eyes again. John started running his hands through Sherlock’s curls distractedly while he watched telly.
He allowed himself to be comforted by John. His presence. His arms. His strength. He could always count on John to be there when he needed him, whether he knew it himself or not.
"I've been known to every once in a while, given that the right distraction is provided."
They held on to one another, joined at every possible end, arms and legs around each other, mouths now connected until their muscles relaxed and they collapsed against one another completely spent.
John didn’t even have to ask what he wanted. He knew there was an experiment Sherlock wanted to do that John would have said no to at any other time, but he had promised after all, that Sherlock could do whatever experiments he wanted on his birthday.
"Just thinking, actually," Sherlock admitted.
"I know." John replied. "And I will be."
The water running down his front had now removed all the shower gel John had carefully applied. "I guess we're done here then," John said teasingly.
"Don't stop!" the detective complained. But John just sat there, eyes roaming all over Sherlock. He felt a heat rising within him; not just pleasure but another sensation altogether. "John, what's wrong?" Sherlock asked, once John failed to move.
"How can
"Let me go!" Sherlock shouted, pushing John out of the way and walking out into the cold night air.
"When's Lestrade coming by?" Sherlock asked.
John got up from the sofa and stretched before joining Sherlock in the kitchen. “There are some leftovers in the fridge. I’ll take care of it.”
John narrowed his eyes and shot him a stern look. "Oh yeah, of course, what was I thinking? Just out of curiosity, was that before or after you passed out?"
"Good morning to you too."
“I just…” Sherlock stammered, unsure of how to reply, “I didn’t know if it was something you’d want, much less with me. But… I thought that it would be better to ask and have you say no than to wonder what your answer would have been.”
He turned the telly off with the remote and carefully grabbed Sherlock under the armpits and brought him flush against his chest. The detective was pliant under his arms, clearly concentrating all his energy on hiding what was wrong rather than trying to get comfortable or actually doing something proactive that might help alleviate whatever was wrong with him.
John hummed in agreement and attacked Sherlock’s lips once again. They lay on the sofa for a good half an hour kissing and cuddling until John sat back up and brought his hand up to the bandage on his head.
As soon as the door to their flat was open Sherlock disappeared into the bathroom and John stood rather nervously by his chair waiting for him to return. Even though he wasn’t expecting anything in return he had gotten Sherlock a present and he was slightly worried that the detective wouldn’t think much of it.
When they finally broke apart Sherlock rested his forehead against John’s, eyes open, staring intensely into his husband’s. “I’m never leaving you again, John. I love you.”
It was a routine they had both gotten into, and regardless of how nice it was that Sherlock had started doing things for him John was just glad that he was now able to convince the detective to eat regularly- breakfast at least. He always worried about how little Sherlock ate and slept, especially when he was working a case, and now he had one less thing to worry about.
Sherlock tossed and turned in bed, unable to sleep.
“Would you like to know why I didn’t wake up?”
He left the living room, went up to his room and sat quietly on the edge of the mattress sipping his tea.
That didn't sound good. It didn't sound good at all. John sprang off the sofa and ran to the stairs. "What the hell happened"? he asked when he saw Sherlock leaning heavily against Lestrade and looking rather pale.
“Stranger things have happened.”
"Still with me?" he asked, but John only grunted in return, he would be asleep in less than five minutes. Sherlock got off the bed and went downstairs to fetch a heat pack and a towel which he promptly brought over to the room.
"Not long," John said and kissed Sherlock lightly. "What are you doing?"
John nodded eagerly. He could feel the progress Sherlock’s hands were making around his body and he felt the thrum of excitement building up. He still couldn’t quite believe this was happening, that after so long dancing around each other they had finally admitted that there was more between them than just friendship. And, God, was he glad they had finally given in.
When no response was forthcoming he immediately sat up. His worried gaze settled on the usually pale detective noting how Sherlock seemed completely drained of colour now. His pulse was visibly elevated and he swayed slightly, at which point John grabbed him by the shoulders to make sure he didn't fall off the bed and hurt himself.
John wasn’t entirely surprised. After all Mycroft himself had announced it to the whole of Buckingham Palace to hear, but he had never asked Sherlock about it directly. “That’s fine, Sherlock. Any time you want to stop all you have to do is tell me, alright?”
"Get on with it then."
Matt was preparing to tape down the IV once it was ready, but he looked up at her. “What’s your name, sweetheart?”
Sherlock kept a close eye on the time, monitoring John for any physical change. The wound was no longer bleeding, John’s skin wasn’t as pale and his breathing was normal. Even so, Sherlock couldn’t relax entirely and paid more attention to John’s sleeping form than he did to the telly he had turned on, mostly for background noise.
"Back with me?" he asked.
John smirked. He’d been wondering exactly how long it would take until Sherlock asked about details of the case. He might have been reluctant to get out of bed but he was definitely interested in the case. “It’s a surprise.”
Sherlock positively beamed at the news and John and Lestrade both shared an amused look.
"Sherlock!" John shouted again, "Sherlock was right here, I saw him. He was back, he was alive."
It was one thing to see it happening, it was another to realize the extent of what it did to Sherlock. Nevertheless he was going to be fine, which was what John needed to concentrate on.
He gazed around the room quickly and John noted how Lestrade and Sherlock shared an amused look before the detective inspector’s eyes fell on him. John was mildly worried.
Another call of his name.
Sherlock threw his head back in pleasure and quickened the pace. John didn't know how they could go any faster, and while one side of him didn't want this to end, he was enjoying the brisk pace.
When morning came he quietly left the bed once again to prepare breakfast. John was still out to the world when Sherlock returned to the bedroom but the scent of coffee seemed to awaken him.
John’s mouth gaped open. “That was two days ago, Sherlock! Are you honestly telling me you haven’t eaten since then”? He didn’t know whether he should be worried, angry or impressed that the man was still standing- or in this case at least conscious.
John was so relieved to see Sherlock awake and talking that he just sat there staring at him for a few good seconds. He never thought he'd get tired of the view, not after all the time he spent looking at an unconscious and unresponsive Sherlock. The detective seemed unperturbed by the scrutiny and instead gazed back at John with the same intensity.
He walked slowly up the stairs to his room, supporting himself on the banister. He was completely exhausted. He'd certainly missed running around London with Sherlock, but running around London after a Sherlock who clearly didn't want to be found and without being able to actually ask anyone if they'd seen the detective on account of him being dead and all had drained all the energy out of him. At least the exhaustion would keep the nightmares away. But when John finally entered his room he realized he might be facing a different problem altogether.
John couldn't help but grin. He'd always considered himself a capable doctor but he felt extremely pleased whenever Sherlock complimented him- or did something as close to complimenting as Sherlock Holmes could. It made him feel special, mostly because Sherlock rarely commented on anyone else's intelligence or capability unless he was insulting them. But there was something incredible about how certain Sherlock sounded whenever he said anything like that. "Fine," he huffed, "but you're doing everything I tell you to."
"Much," said Sherlock as he slowly sat up, "thank you."
John saw Sherlock's eyelids flutter and kept calling out to him, trying to give him something to pull him back to consciousness.
"I never joke," Sherlock replied firmly.
Sherlock walked over to where John was standing, clearly still slightly disoriented, and kissed him. The abruptness took John by surprise in his sleep addled state but he felt his body respond automatically. He lifted his hands up to cup Sherlock's face and moved his lips around Sherlock. Soon after he felt Sherlock's tongue prying into his mouth and he opened up willingly. The kiss continued for a few more seconds, seconds when John's mind was completely blank. He could concentrate on nothing but the feel of Sherlock's lips on his own. John broke the kiss apart, taking a deep breath to replace the oxygen they had both failed to take in, and rested his forehead against Sherlock's, still cupping the detective's face. When he finally opened his eyes he noticed the shadows beneath Sherlock's eyes, which he had kept closed, and how much weight the detective was leaning against him.
"How much coffee have you had already, Sherlock?" he asked, noticing how energized and jumpy he was.
Leaving the man on the floor he quickly went over to John who had just started to open his eyes and was looking rather confused.
He knew Sherlock's birthday was going to be tough but he didn't expect to have drunk himself into oblivion. But then there were so many memories, it was no surprise that was what it took nowadays to get him through the rough nights. He would spent nearly every night thrashing in his sleep. There were the odd nights when he was so exhausted that he actually managed a peaceful night's sleep, but those were rare occurrences. Every other night his dreams were filled with blood and loss. They alternated between Afghanistan and Sherlock's death, but the worse nights were when the two would morph together and he would find himself trying to save Sherlock in the middle of a desert. He never once succeeded and instead was forced to relive the moment of his friend's death over and over again, looking down at Sherlock as he took his last breaths and whispered,
He dropped a soft kiss on the detective's curls and fell asleep to the sound of Sherlock's heartbeat.
“My room or yours?” John asked.
On one of the rare occasions where he managed to fall asleep he was awakened in the middle of the night by a terrible nightmare. He'd had them often while he was away, but he thought he'd been able to chase them away since his return. Evidently he was mistaken. He sat up gasping in pain and holding onto his side where one of his scars was located. The phantom pain was extremely annoying. He knew perfectly well that it was healed, but his brain refused to believe it. He slowly got out of bed and as he was making his way out of the bedroom he felt John shifting. His hopes of not having woken him up were dissipated when he heard him speak.
They both watched anxiously as Mrs Hudson shut the door to her flat and adjusted the big bag on her shoulder. “Don’t mind me, boys,” she said casually. “I’m just off to my sister’s for the weekend. As you were,” she said with a mock solute, winking at John. Before she shut the door to Baker Street she smiled at her boys.
Neither of them spoke, or felt the need to fill the silence with words. They simply enjoyed the other’s company until Sherlock finally broke the silence.
Sherlock smiled at the term. This was exactly what he needed. He just needed his life to go back to normal, working cases with John by his side, and he would be fine. Just the two of them against the rest of the world.
"Yes, yes, good morning, John," Sherlock blurted out, "Get dressed, I need you to go to Lestrade and bring back all the evidence from the victim's house. Everything!"
Dinner was delicious, as expected, and between the two of them they easily finished the bottle of wine, even though John argued that Sherlock shouldn't be drinking. When they finished they cleared the table. John was just putting his glass of wine in the sink when all of a sudden Sherlock grabbed him by the shoulders, spun him around and trapped him between himself and the table.
“We’re really doing this,” Sherlock confirmed.
Sherlock only nodded and shut his eyes once again. He was beyond exhausted, and his chest was killing him. He could feel the oxygen flowing into his burning lungs, and it was the best feeling he could imagine. Beside him, John watched as the mask fogged with each breath he took. He tried to stop himself from constantly watching Sherlock’s breathing, but after seeing him so still and lifeless, it was almost impossible.
John felt Sherlock stirring against him, bringing John back to the present moment. The detective curled up slightly in bed, bringing the two of them closer together.
“Sherlock,” she watched as his eyes met hers, “we had to help you with your breathing for a little while there, but you seem to be doing that all by yourself now which is good news. But we still need to get you to the hospital, okay?”
"I followed him out of the motel, even though the route he was taking was completely different, and into an alley which was conveniently away from any buildings or houses."
Sherlock was still slumped against him when John stopped and placed his hands on the detective’s shoulders, squeezing slightly to get his attention. “We should go, Lestrade’s waiting.”
He went over to the kitchen and prepared two mugs of tea. When he came back into the living room John was in the exact same position. He put the mugs down on the table and shook John’s shoulder slightly.
It was only then that John became conscious of how little clothing he was wearing. "It's in my room, I was just about to have a shower," he replied unconvincingly.
John chuckled and gently nudged Sherlock's head out of his lap. The detective collapsed back on the pillow after John left the bed. "I'll be right back," he said as he left the room.
“I know, me neither,” John replied. He hooked his fingers under Sherlock’s pants and started pushing them down his body.
Sherlock moved his hands over John's back again and again, putting pressure and massaging every muscle and working away at the pulled one. Once he was satisfied it was as good as it was going to get he started working on John's neck and his shoulders, applying the same attention.
"About a week ago," he admitted.
"I got it!" Sherlock shouted from the living room. "I solved it, John!" When he received no reply he walked over to the kitchen looking for John. He had been there just a second ago. "John, where are you?" he shouted, louder this time.
"Are you wearing any pants?" John asked.
Lestrade asked, more out of courtesy than anything as they both knew Sherlock would say yes.
“Was this better than last year?”
Sherlock couldn’t keep still. The feeling of having John inside of him was just too much and he kept rolling his eyes, trying to get John to go a little deeper, a little faster. He couldn’t stop the broken little moans and pleas that were leaving his lips. “Hurry up, John,” he moaned.
"Lestrade's gone now, he's got everything he needed."
“It’s not like she doesn’t know what we do in here, John,” Sherlock said, as though reading his mind.
He gently extricated himself from the bed and put on his dressing gown. In much the same routine he had acquired for the last few days he walked downstairs, grabbed a cigarette out of his newly purchased packet and lit it. He slumped down on the sofa, exhausted. He took a long drag out of his cigarette, arm falling over the side of the sofa in relaxation, and started blowing out smoke rings.
Lestrade felt slightly useless just hanging around, looming over their sleeping forms, but he didn't know what else to do. Sherlock had been treated for hours; a chest tube was applied, his concussion evaluated, his broken arm cast, his dislocated shoulder set, his bruises and broken ribs iced and a wide array of medication provided. There was nothing anyone could do for him right now, he just had to wake up. And Lestrade hoped it would be very soon, for John's sake.
"Yeah, I can see that. That can't be helpful for the kid though."
"Sherlock," John breathed, "careful with your arm." It was trapped between their chests and John was worried that Sherlock would hurt himself in the process. He wasn't exactly being mellow, though John wasn't complaining.
Sherlock nodded, utterly unable to respond verbally, not with what John was doing to him right now. It was an exquisitely pleasurable sensation and he couldn't stop thinking about the fact that it was going to get even better.
Sherlock felt his hands shaking and curled them into fists. John, noticing his distress, reached out and wrapped his hands around Sherlock's fists and smiled encouragingly, urging him to continue his story.
John took a deep breath, trying to calm himself. It was difficult enough as it was to stop himself from just thrusting right into Sherlock, and he was certainly not helping. “I’m not going to rush this and hurt you, I don’t care how much you complain.”
He was about halfway down when he felt Sherlock stiffening beneath him and push him away slightly.
Sherlock arrived a few seconds afterwards. He was dressed in his suit with his usual purple shirt- John's favourite- but no suit jacket, probably due to his cast. His hair was neatly arranged, not the usual disarray of curls and he was smiling nervously at John.
John couldn’t help but smile at the look of excitement on the detective’s face and the spring in his step as he went to his old room to gather everything he needed.
Even though John wasn't a smoker he had tried it before. He walked over to the kitchen, used a match to light up the cigarette and took a long drag, filling his lungs, and then finally blowing the smoke out. He was accustomed to the feeling, but he didn't do it now out of pleasure, but rather as a comfort. It was his own, albeit extremely unhealthy, way to feel close to Sherlock again. They no longer solved crimes, he no longer blogged about it and Sherlock definitely no longer forgot his pants.
Before Sherlock had a chance to pull away John grabbed him and wrapped the detective's arms around his waist, effectively bringing him closer. The breakfast tray lay precariously on the edge of the bed as Sherlock balanced himself on his knees, chest pressed close to John's, and they remained connected by their lips. Tongues slipped out and teeth clashed as their kisses deepened, desire and need clear in the way their tongues rolled together and fought for dominance over the kiss.
"What?" John furrowed his brow in confusion. "You mean about the experiments?"
They stayed cuddled up in bed for hours. John had fallen asleep soon after, clearly still recovering from his late nights at the surgery, but Sherlock stayed alert. He felt tired, and more than once his eyelids had drooped and he found it extremely hard to open them again, but he was determined to stay awake. Every time he closed his eyes all he saw was the boy and a flash of silver. He didn't want to let those memories out, they were locked away in his mind palace, in a place far away where all the terrible memories he had not been able to delete were.
A few hours later he woke up and set about his morning routine. It was strange not having John around. He's been so used to waking up next to him every day that he felt strangely alone now. Nevertheless he had something to plan that John couldn't know about, so he was glad to have some time to do it while John was away.
Before he had a chance to ask, Sherlock cut him off. “I was worried, you know.”
“Yes,” John confirmed, “I assumed you wouldn’t get out of bed for anything less than that.”
"Then you better enjoy this while it lasts."
Sherlock seemed to relax from his frantic state and sank back into the sofa. “I dreamed that I couldn’t wake you up. You just slept and slept and no matter what I did you wouldn’t come back to me.”
He looked out the window and the darkness told him that some time had passed since what he now recognised to have been the ambulance ride to the hospital.
Tomorrow- or in this case later on in the morning- Sherlock would prepare a nice big breakfast for John and simply laze around the flat. They'd done that quite a lot lately, but it had been because of Sherlock's injuries. Now it was time for Sherlock to take care of John for a change; to make him tea and lunch and cover him with blankets and kisses and watch crap telly with him.
"Breathing's boring, John, I've told you. Besides, if you insist that I eat than I will do so quickly so I can get back to work. It's a most interesting case."
“Who said anything about fair?” Sherlock asked as he moved his hips along with John’s, intensifying every sensation coursing through their bodies.
"Cocaine," Sherlock admitted. It wasn’t exactly what he’d needed, but it was the only thing he could safely get his hands on. He knew there was no point lying to John. John always knew, and lying about it would just make him angry and even more upset than he already was.
“John will be fine, you know that, right?”
The noises from the outside world and the light brought him back to consciousness and he stared down at the peaceful face of one Sherlock Holmes. He could never get tired of watching him like this. It was one of the very rare occasions where Sherlock looked truly relaxed. Even when they were laying on the sofa quietly John could tell Sherlock was always thinking and it showed on the twitch of his lips or the nearly imperceptible narrowing of his eyes. Now though, his muscles were completely relaxed, all soft features and sharp bones. John thought he'd never seen anything so beautiful; a contradiction.
Mycroft looked incredibly surprised when he saw Sherlock standing at the door of his office though Sherlock wasn't certain how genuine the surprise was.
Sherlock resisted the urge to roll his eyes. "Why must you insist on stating the obvious, John?"
"Just stay calm, Sherlock. The ambulance is almost here, you're going to be fine."
Lestrade hesitated slightly, unsure of whether or not it was a good idea to continue his line of questioning over the phone.
"Thanks," John responded, and could see Lestrade relaxing slightly. It was the first thing he'd said in hours. He hadn't uttered a word since he had left Sherlock's side and simply sat clutching the Belstaff coat in his arms. It was clear that Lestrade was worried for both of them. For Sherlock's health and for John's state of mind. He had been one of the very few people that had seen how badly Sherlock's death had affected him and it was clear that Lestrade had a sense of dejá vu now.
"John, I..." Sherlock's features twisted in confusion.
But now all that was swept away. He was certain that he could do this with John by his side. He knew that he belonged by John’s side, and together they could face anything. Sherlock was stronger when they were together; he could concentrate more, he was more human, more caring and more himself. He didn’t feel the need to hide part of himself behind a mask anymore because he felt accepted, and that gave him the strength to face whatever was out there in the world for him.
“Can I?” he asked, with a note of pleading in his voice.
John looked at him pointedly. "You know exactly what I mean."
John hesitated, not sure how to proceed. He'd assumed Mycroft knew; how could he not? But it seemed he was mistaken.
John smiled down at him, confident that Sherlock understood why John had reacted the way he did. He didn't want to control Sherlock, far from it, he was glad that Sherlock had gotten some time away from the stuffy hospital environment, but it was impossible for him not to worry when he didn't know where he was.
"I have all I need right here," Sherlock replied, and stretched up so he could kiss John's lips.
Something was pulled over his face and he was ready to protest when suddenly he could breathe. The relief was so immense that he instantly felt all his muscles relax. There were a blissful few moments when the heat was gone, the noise was muffled and the pain was slowly fading from his body but he still felt anxious. There was something missing, though he couldn’t quite put his finger on it. He just knew that he
He saw the muddle of curls nod slightly before stilling once again. He quickly ran over to the kitchen to fetch some more tablets seeing as it was time to take them again anyway and grabbed a glass of water as well. He took them into the bathroom and set them down so that his hands were free.
John narrowed his eyes at Sherlock, trying to decipher whether or not he was being serious, but the barely contained smile told John that he was, in fact, joking. "Is that a challenge?" John asked, slowly advancing towards Sherlock.
John laid back on the sofa and held Sherlock against him, their hands held together over Sherlock’s chest, as though they had always belonged there.
Sherlock took a deep breath, steadying his nerves and telling himself once again that John was fine. “I couldn’t wake you up. You were asleep, and I couldn’t wake you up. I had to wake you up, John. I had to.”
As Sherlock pondered that, John tried to replace the images that had been stuck in his head for the last few days.
"Let me go, John."
Instead of replying, Sherlock sucked at John's neck with intensely, effectively clearing John's mind from any thought aside from Sherlock's mouth and his magnificent tongue.
“I’m not used to people enjoying my company, much less for such a prolonged amount of time,” he finally admitted. “You’re still a mystery to me, John Watson.”
"How is that possible? I saw you jump. You were dead, I saw you!"
After that John had become sullen and quiet, sitting motionless by Sherlock's bed day and night, occasionally dozing off, only to wake up in a panic that something had happened to Sherlock while he was asleep.
"I see you got him a new toy," John noted.
"I never did," Sherlock replied.
“Was that okay?” John asked. He wanted to make sure Sherlock wasn’t uncomfortable at any point.
After he finished recalling the events he looked up at John with a sad look in his eyes. "I know this isn't much comfort, but I did it for you, John. I did it for my friends. And I tried to tell you as much as I could, I told you it was a magic trick." John's eyes widened at Sherlock's confession. He thought back to that dreadful phone call; he still remembered everything that Sherlock had told him, like the words had been permanently seared into his brain.
"Actually, I did take my medication," Sherlock said triumphantly.
He made dinner, leaving an extra plate for Sherlock for when he came home, and ate quietly by himself. He was glad that Sherlock had something to work on and to keep him distracted, he just hoped that he didn't push himself too much.
Sherlock willed himself to stop fidgeting, and slowly settled his hand on John’s knee. He waited, carefully watching John’s expression, and when his friend didn’t pull away from the touch Sherlock started edging closer. “Just one more thing,” he whispered. He was dangerously close to John, but even so he leaned further towards him, still watching for John’s reaction.
John stopped abruptly and sat back on his heels. He heard a disgruntled whine leave Sherlock's lips and laughed. Clearly Sherlock had been enjoying it.
"I noticed."
Even though Sherlock was known to loathe accepting anything from his brother he couldn't hide his excitement at the prospect of a case. He took a drag from his cigarette, not even bothering to finish it, and stubbed it out on the ashtray he had stolen from Buckingham Palace, making a show of it to Mycroft. He walked towards his brother and took the case file out of his extended hand and placed it on top of the desk.
John narrowed his eyes at him, both in suspicious and exasperation. "You're not still jealous just because I went out for coffee with Sarah last week, are you?"
John burst through the door at the sound of the detective's unusual use of language.
When he got there Sherlock was already asleep. He discarded his clothes and put on his pyjamas and then slipped into bed. As soon as he was lying on his side of the bed he felt Sherlock shuffle over and nudge his head against John. Even in sleep, Sherlock always sought John out of comfort. He lifted his arm up, allowing Sherlock to lay his head on John's shoulder. John then started rubbing small circles on Sherlock's back, and so they both blissfully slipped into unconsciousness.
John looked between the two detectives, growing ever more concerned about what they had planned. “Ready for what, exactly?”
"Sherlock!" John called out, and the detective sprung his head up suddenly. "Time for bed."
John was spread across it with Sherlock between his legs, head leaning back against John’s chest and stroking his partner’s leg with his violinist fingers. “Don’t ever say that again, John.”
Sherlock was used to fighting his body when it came to sleep but he could only fight it for so long, and when he finally gave in he was dragged under until his body was satisfied it didn't need any more rest. Even after he woke up from his 'post-case crash' he felt sluggish and slow, his body and mind still recovering from the overload and slowly returning to normal again. He was glad to have John with him at times like these- he was glad to have John with him all the time- because he always knew exactly what Sherlock needed. A day spent quietly in bed eating, talking, dozing off and just generally recovering to his normal hyper-aware and accelerated state of being. And what Sherlock needed John provided.
“Didn’t know you had it in you.”
John moaned and continued biting Sherlock, now with more intensity. Every single one of his bites was followed by a lick and a soft kiss to punctuate the pleasure and soon it wasn't enough to quench his arousal. He started moving down Sherlock's chest, taking each of his nipples into his mouth and applying the same attention.
"Join me in the shower. I'll show you just how grateful I am."
When Sherlock proposed John suddenly saw their whole life together, side-by-side in vivid detail, something he had never allowed himself to do before. He had been utterly unprepared for it and the question had frozen him on the spot, something he now realised was probably a bit not good and had most likely worried Sherlock. But there hadn’t been a shadow of doubt in his mind when he had said yes; yes to spending the rest of his life with the madman, yes to showing the world how much they truly meant to each other, yes to officially becoming Sherlock’s other half. Not that they needed marriage to tell them any of that, they’d known that long before, when they realised how much they truly meant to each other and how much they complemented each other. The detective and the doctor, side by side.
And he’d assumed correctly. While Sherlock may be reluctant to go to bed at times, once he found himself there it was rather difficult to get him out, especially when he had a certain army doctor in his arms. “I still don’t want to get out of bed.”
John sighed in resignation, was it ever going to be this simple? "What is it now?"
Apart from the quiet sounds the detective was emitting a comfortable silence had settled in the room once again, which set Sherlock's mind whirling. If anyone had ever told him that he would be satisfied with spending the day in bed being cuddled by his partner he would have rolled his eyes and stalked off. It seemed many things had changed since John Watson had walked into his life, even more so after they finally admitted their feelings for each other, something Sherlock was still not quite sure how he had managed. He had never been an insecure person, but he always found sentiment extremely tedious to deal with, but John had changed even that.
"But it caused you pain. That's unacceptable."
Marriage did serve, however, as a reason to bring everyone together to celebrate them as a couple. Sherlock, of course, despised social gatherings of any kind, but John knew that deep down he was enjoying this. Their special day, where they had confessed their love for each other, exchanged vows, exchanged rings, had sealed their lives together again. Just like so many events before had; a bullet to the shoulder, walk through the park, a nice little flat. Then grimmer times had come; a bomb, a woman, a hound, a fall. And the return had brought them closer together than ever before. It only made sense that this latest act should come of their own free will with no threats or sacrifices necessary, just the two of them.
“Well, maybe not all of it,” John laughed. Sherlock had looked truly terrified when he had spotted Mrs Hudson. It was a bit like getting caught by his mum, after all. “Were you too distracted to deduce that she hadn’t left yet?” John teased.
"You think I'm handsome now, do you"? John replied with a grin.
“Of course you can, I did promise.”
When he spoke his voice was clear and his deep baritone voice reverberated off the walls.
"We're aware, yes," replied Sherlock.
“We shouldn’t have to,” Sherlock replied. Before John had a chance to question what he said he was pushed forward slightly so that Sherlock could reach over the bathtub into his discarded trousers.
"Where do you think you're going?" he asked.
Luckily he was able to get into a cab fairly quickly and once he arrived at the hospital he ran all the way to Sherlock's room where Lestrade was still sitting going through his paperwork.
John obliged but then suddenly stopped as he realised what they were about to do. “We really shouldn’t, Sherlock. You should be resting, your head-”
, tell me if you ever want to take anything again, okay? It's all I'm asking for."
With his thoughts concentrated on the proposal and their anniversary Sherlock barely noticed when John walked in the door.
They both settled back down on their respective pillows. Sherlock's pillow now being John's chest, and held each other close, neither one willing or capable to let go. The last thing John felt before drifting off into a peaceful sleep as Sherlock rubbing small circles on his back.
Lestrade tilted his head, "What was that?"
John smiled sheepishly at him and saw a similar grin spread itself across Sherlock's face. John sat back down on his chair, surprised at his show of affection in front of Lestrade. "How are you feeling?" he asked Sherlock, trying to clear the air and also trying to ascertain the state Sherlock was in.
"I wonder why that is."
She dismissed his apology with a wave of her hand and turned a worried eye upon him. "What's happened, John?"
It was a few minutes before either of them said anything. John rolled off of Sherlock and laid on his side next to the detective.
They rode silently in the backseat close together, thighs touching and hands held, and waited to finally arrive at the crime scene. John was surprised at how still and quiet Sherlock was seeing as he must have been anxious to arrive and learn all the details that John was keeping from him.
“You bought me a gift,” Sherlock exclaimed, sounding genuinely shocked.
“Mine,” Sherlock replied as he headed down the corridor. “My bed’s bigger.”
It was one of the many reasons why John always insisted on coming on these chases with Sherlock. As brilliant as he was, criminals, especially when cornered, could be very resourceful and John wanted to be there to back Sherlock up.
Sherlock grabbed him by the back of the neck and crushed their lips together. As he did so he finally managed to meet John’s thrust with his own and their screams of pleasure were muffled by the other’s mouth.
"Thank you."
"I'm on my way," he replied and hung up the phone, not even giving Lestrade time to say anything.
"John?"
"Sorry I woke you up," he said, hoping that John would just go back to sleep. But John opened his eyes fully and sat up. He eyed Sherlock critically, clearly trying to assess the state he was in. He noticed the tapping foot, the slight tremor in his hands and his dilated pupils.
He walked in to find Sherlock in just his dressing gown curled up against the bathtub, knees drawn up to his chest and arms crossed over them supporting his head. It wasn’t the first time he had come to find Sherlock like this. Whenever the pain got too bad and he couldn’t sleep he always retreated somewhere so that John could still sleep. But John preferred to be awake and help Sherlock through it, even if it meant staying up all night.
"What time are you working on Thursday, John?"
"Would you mind telling John what's going on before you leave? He'll start worry if I don't answer and I really want to get this thing off me as soon as possible," he said pointing at the chest tube.
"Perhaps today, but we'll have to keep you under observation for a little longer. But you need rest, which is what I suggest you do now."
“S’good,” Sherlock slurred, “m’tired.”
John cupped Sherlock's face with his hands and brought it up to meet his own. Sherlock's gaze settled on John and he felt butterflies in his stomach at the sheer intensity of it; at the unadulterated and fierce need in his eyes.
He felt an unprecedented rage well up inside him until he reminded himself that the man that was to blame for all the pain and suffering they had endured was now dead.
"Nothing," Sherlock started and John shot him a questioning look, "I'm not finished, alright? I was going to say nothing's wrong, I'm just in some pain."
“We’ll take it slow,” John assured him as he carefully slipped his finger out for a second and then back in again.
John lifted himself off of Sherlock and went to the bathroom to fetch a wet flannel. By the time he came back into the room Sherlock was completely naked, sitting on the edge of the bed with his head in his hands.
It was unwise to smother him with concern; Sherlock was always wary of sentiment, and so John had learnt ways to keep an eye on him without Sherlock feeling trapped. It didn't always work though. There were times when Sherlock would become sullen and spend whole days locked in his room without making any noise, something that John had previously relied upon to assure him Sherlock was still breathing. In those times John would be climbing the walls, worried sick that Sherlock was lying on the floor unconscious and needed his help, so no matter how annoyed Sherlock might be he always found an excuse to weave into the room and check on him.
"Are you done sulking?" John asked.
but then he felt the darkness wrap itself around him again.
“I can’t,” Sherlock managed to say, though it was clear his own voice was exacerbating the pain.
"I never thanked you that for that, did I?"
For all his self-confidence and arrogance in the face of insults and danger Sherlock had always been worried that he wouldn’t be a good partner for John. Sentiment had never been his area but John had certainly helped him navigate his feelings. Not only that but John brought out the need for Sherlock to express his own feelings for him, something he had never wanted to do before. There weren’t many people out there he liked- certainly no one he liked as much as John- but he tolerated a few. However, when John was around he always felt the need to tell him, or at least show him, how much Sherlock appreciated and loved him.
"Alright then." John let go of Sherlock and went to the kitchen to make some tea and breakfast. "Have you eaten anything yet?"
"I love you too." he said, and promptly dropped his lips to Sherlock's once again, but just before they met he heard Sherlock mutter under his breath.
Watching him on the roof of St. Bart's. Listening to his broken voice. Trying to stop him. Failing to stop him.
They all stifled a laugh as Sherlock pouted, clearly unhappy with the situation.
John thought the offer over in his head. It definitely sounded exactly like what they both needed. John hadn't actually worked a case with Sherlock properly yet and it was clear that the detective was eager to go back to work. "I take it you really need his help."
"No. You're not going anywhere like this." John replied defiantly.
"You saved that boy," John replied, the ghost of a smile on his face. That is until Sherlock tried to sit up and gasped in pain. His hands came up to his chest and his eyes widened in shock. He looked over at John, panic written on his expression, as he tried, and failed, to take in a deep breath. "Sherlock!" John shouted, "Sherlock, what's wrong?"
Stubborn as always Sherlock sat up as soon as John let go of his hand. He grabbed the dressing gown that was currently draped over his body and put it on properly before turning to look at John, who was still very much naked.
Mycroft's case had been a blessing. Sherlock had spent the next three days completely absorbed, carrying out experiments at all hours and spending just about all his time pouring over the details. He would take the occasional break to eat, through John's forceful reminders, but otherwise was constantly working. Even though John had been terribly busy at the surgery this week and had been unable to join Sherlock in the investigation he still received regular updates.
"I love you," he whispered behind Sherlock, his mouth tantalizingly close to Sherlock's own.
"I know I'm clever."
Breathing a sigh of relief for being allowed to stay like this he relaxed into the embrace. He never thought he'd want this, being this close to someone both physically and emotionally had never been appealing to him. But John had come along and changed so much of him.
They were both watching telly one night, John sitting on the sofa with Sherlock spread across it, his head on John's lap. The day had been a quiet one, as per usual, and after a short walk to the park, which Sherlock had endured under duress, they had dinner at Angelo's and returned home shortly afterwards.
"I solved the case, and you weren't there."
He'd intended on making it over here earlier but had been working late at the Yard going over some paperwork. He knew today would be rough for John but he hadn't expected anything like this. John had been adamant that he'd seen Sherlock, but that was impossible. Lestrade spotted the half empty bottle on the floor. Sighing he turned around, ready to head out again. He had to talk to John about what happened, but that would have to wait until tomorrow. Now there was nothing else he could do for his friend. Looking back at John one last time he quietly left the flat, closing the door behind him.
He leaned over and laid a soft kiss on John's temple. "Goodnight, John."
Sherlock reacted purely out of instinct. He raced forwards towards the boy, seeing as he seemed to be the only one close enough to stand a chance of pushing him out of the way. The driver, however, seemed utterly oblivious to the situation and continued down the road.
How John had saved his life. Again.
"Where are you going?"
Sherlock fidgeted with the hem of John’s pyjama top, avoiding looking at John and avoiding the question. He wasn’t even sure why he’d brought up the subject, but somehow it felt strange to hide anything at all from John, even if there was nothing to do be done about it anymore.
“I see you’re awake,” Sherlock noted with amusement.
Once outside John finally had time to ask. "What brought this on?"
"Let me." John coated his hand in lube and grabbed Sherlock's length, preparing him. Sherlock threw his head back, his mouth parted open in pleasure. John rubbed his hand slowly up and down until Sherlock couldn't take it anymore and suddenly took his arm out of the sling and grabbed John's hips.
“Where is it?” John asked as he stumbled out of the bed. Sherlock’s semi-naked form and his eagerness were getting to him, and he was more than ready.
Eventually Sherlock pulled John away and motioned for him to stand up. “I have something to show you, come on.” He walked them all the way to the bathroom where the tub had been filled with water and even some bubbles.
"Fantastic," John added. "We should do that again sometime."
"I heard that," Sherlock said as he glared across at John, who just laughed.
John tried to pull Sherlock off, but it only served to assist in the removal of his pyjama top when he lifted his arms. His pants soon followed suit as Sherlock's hands travelled lower and lower, as did his lips, and John couldn't help a yelp of surprise at their current placement. John tried once again to control the cacophony of lustful sounds from escaping but an especially well placed kiss by Sherlock ensured that all his self-control went out the window and John gasped in pleasure.
"I love you."
Eventually John disengaged himself from Sherlock, who had collapsed back against the headboard. His eyes were shut and his lips were pressed into a thin line.
When it was time John made dinner for them both while Sherlock napped. They ate their dinner in comfortable silence and when they both finished Sherlock managed to convince John to go to bed without clearing up first.
John's resolve wavered slightly at the invitation. He didn't want to leave Sherlock by himself but he really could use a couple of hours to freshen up.
"Sherlock?"
Before Sherlock had time to really start panicking John looked down and held Sherlock’s right hand, which had been laying stiffly by his side. He placed a gentle kiss on their intertwined hands before leaning closer to Sherlock and finally, painfully slowly, entering him.
"My pyjamas."
Sherlock closed his eyes as soon as he felt John's lips on him and reveled in the touch. It had been years since he allowed anyone to comfort him, but after all the lonely, miserable months he spent away from John he allowed himself to accept the sentiment rather than push away.
There was no point in arguing, he really was tired after four consecutive days and nights spent working the case. Sighing, he got up and made his way to their room, John following closely behind him. Once there they both quickly changed into their pyjamas and slipped into bed. It wasn't often that they went to bed together; most nights Sherlock would stay up all night working on a case or simply take a quick nap on the sofa, but in those few occasions when they did John found that sleep dragged him under much more quickly.
Sherlock scowled at the detective inspector before crouching down to inspect the body, ignoring Lestrade.
“Of course I am, Sherlock. Where’s this coming from?” He turned around, now sitting between Sherlock’s legs. He lifted his hands up to the detective’s face and started gently stroking it. Sherlock leaned into the touch and closed his eyes.
"Hello, John," a deep baritone voice echoed in his ears.
John continued kissing him, moving up to the back of Sherlock's neck just to tease him. "Are you complaining?" he countered.
“Just put the bat down, you’re not getting away from here,” John said calmly. He was actually surprised at how calm he sounded. He could feel the adrenaline pumping through his body. His hands were steady, his feet planted on the floor just waiting for the moment when he had an opening to take the man down.
Sherlock looked slightly startled at the thought. Clearly it wasn't his original idea, but he didn't seem to mind. "I believe it is," he said as he extended his hand out to John who took it with no hesitation.
“We’ll have to wait and see.” Sherlock turned around, arms thrown around John and head buried in the crook of his neck. “Are you feeling any better?”
"I wouldn't be averse to it," replied Sherlock with a coy smile.
Lestrade had the good sense of waiting downstairs as Sherlock came over to say goodbye to John.
"Pleasure," John replied sarcastically, and doubled the coat over his arm.
Sherlock still struggled with the concept of emotion sometimes, especially guilt. He'd never cared about anyone enough to elicit the emotion, but lately he found himself experiencing it often. The first time was when he saw the state John was in on Sherlock's birthday. He never thought John would be so affected by his death and seeing him in that state had hurt so much that he couldn't stay. He couldn't see the pain in John's eyes anymore, or deduce the fact that John had spent the day drinking by himself. It hurt too much to see John in that condition, but the next day had been even worse. He couldn't concentrate on anything and had found himself back at Baker Street, just waiting until John returned home.
When John had left the flat not half an hour ago Sherlock had been sitting at the kitchen table doing one of his many experiments. Now, however, he was lying down stretched across the sofa with his head buried in a pillow.
"Sherlock, please stop!" John shouted. He stood in front of Sherlock trying once again to block his path.
John’s hand was still tangled in Sherlock’s hair and the detective thought only for a brief second before bringing their lips together in a deep kiss. It felt different somehow, than the last time they had kissed. Not because anything had changed between them, but because something had changed in Sherlock.
"It's Sherlock," he said, running a hand over his face and taking a deep breath, "we had a bit of an argument and he left. I should go after him."
"I don't know, but I'm worried he’s still unconscious," John replied, "Be careful, don't move him." He grabbed Sherlock's coat and splayed it across him. "Sherlock? Sherlock, can you hear me?"  John called out. He needed to know Sherlock was going to be okay; he needed to hear his voice. "Sherlock, please, tell me you can hear me!" He sounded desperate even to his own ears, which wouldn’t help Sherlock so he took a moment to take in a lungful of air and try to calm himself down. Sherlock needed him calm and collected.
"Good morning." said John, with a teasing smile on his face. Clearly he'd gotten Sherlock's message.
“What was that?” He grasped Sherlock’s hands in one of his own and lifted his chin up to look him in the eye. “What’s the matter now?”
"But..."
John was listening intently to Sherlock's story, relieved that he had finally given in but worried about what he would learn.
He brought his hands up and gently laid them on either side of Sherlock’s head, bringing it up so that the detective was looking him in the eye. After a chaste kiss and another short cuddle Sherlock seemed capable of speech once again.
"I know."
"Still unconscious?" he asked, nodding towards Sherlock.
She watched as Sherlock tried to speak, opening and closing his mouth several times before he finally got the words out. “Y-yes,” he stuttered, “I have… asthma.”
John moved up further until his mouth was lined up to Sherlock's ear. He moved his hands to the front of Sherlock's dressing gown, which had been knotted at some point, and started undoing it whilst whispering softly.
Sherlock closed his eyes. If John hadn’t seen him in his mind palace several times he might have suspected Sherlock had fallen asleep.
"In your bedroom."
"Sherlock! What are you doing here?" John exclaimed, walking over to meet Sherlock.
John had planned on staying. They had barely spoken about the time Sherlock had spent away and he wanted to know the specifics of what he had been doing, but once he realized how hard it really was to listen to it he rethought his decision.
He’d told Sherlock about the case and the subsequent fire. About how John had run as soon as he’d received Sherlock’s text.
He grabbed Sherlock's hand and brought it up to his mouth where he started sucking Sherlock's fingers. Sherlock gasped, clearly picturing John's tongue working away at something else. While Sherlock was distracted John started undoing his shirt, slowly revealing Sherlock's chest to him.
In these small moments Sherlock allowed himself to slip away from his own mind, clearing it of all thoughts and just concentrating on the warmth of John’s hand against his skin. The small contact was enough to propel him to finally answer the question.
"He's upstairs," John replied before realizing that his state of near nakedness and the fact that he had clearly just left his room coupled with the divulgence of Sherlock's current location was rather suggestible. He wasn't ashamed of what they'd been doing, and he certainly wasn't ashamed of being with Sherlock, but he had rather hoped to have found a different way to tell Lestrade, who seemed to catch on rather quickly.
"They've started giving him oral medication," John replied, "it doesn't act as quickly as what he had before. I'm assuming that's it?"
“What the hell happened here?” Lestrade asked as soon as he saw the pale and bloodied John Watson and the unconscious thief on the floor.
While Mycroft pondered Sherlock's mind, John pondered Sherlock's body. The injuries it had sustained, the ones he'd seen and the ones he couldn't. The ones that would heal and the ones that wouldn't.
John hands were roaming over Sherlock's back, unhappy with the amount of clothes the detective was still wearing. Sherlock's tongue was in his mouth again, his left hand on the back of John's neck pushing him flush against the detective.
"You mean your mysterious appearance in the night while I was drunk?" John felt, rather than saw, Sherlock nodding his head. "I'm not mad at you, Sherlock. Why are you bringing this up now?" John questioned, "And now that you mention it, why did you decide to do that on your birthday?"
“Sherlock, we’re taking you downstairs now,” Lauren explained, “You’re strapped up nice and tight but I need you to stay still while we move you so no one gets hurt. Don’t try to reach out with your hands, we’ve got you.”
John took Sherlock's hand in his own and used the other to cup the detective's face. He leaned up and closed his eyes before closing the distance between the two and bringing Sherlock's lips together with his own.
"Jesus, did you run here?" Lestrade asked, startled at John's appearance and his quickness.
"It was hardly difficult," Sherlock said, "you should have been paying more attention."
"I know, thank you." John said as he walked over to Sherlock and wrapped his arms around his neck. Sherlock placed his own hands on John's hips just as John reached up and kissed him. It was a gentle and soft brush of lips which ended much too quickly and left Sherlock longing for more.
“John? John, where are you?” he asked, until his eyes fell on John, still very much on top of him, and with an amused expression on his face. “You’re here, you’re okay. You are okay, aren’t you? How’s your head?”
“John, you know I don’t like taking tablets.”
In true Sherlock Holmes fashion he stalked out of the room with a swish of his dressing gown leaving a giggling John Watson behind.
He put his hand out and John gave him the tablets along with the glass of water. After taking them, instead of handing the glass back to John as he usually did, Sherlock got up and took it to the kitchen himself. It was clear that he was upset, but John didn’t intend to let him sulk for long. This was one of those things they absolutely needed to talk about.
Sherlock opened his mouth to reply but only go out the words "The cases..." before John cut him off. "Yes, all pressing until they're solved, I know. I just want to go to sleep, I'm tired and so are you, don't even try to deny it."
John bowed his head down slightly and laid a soft kiss on Sherlock's lips. "Up you get, we have a case."
“Sure, just give me a minute.”
Sherlock lowered himself into the tub and John followed, resting his back on the detective’s chest once they were both seated. Sherlock was carefully collecting water in his own hands and letting it run down John’s shoulders and arms while John rubbed small circles on Sherlock’s thighs.
“Husband,” Sherlock and John corrected at the exact same time. Anderson looked shocked for a moment before looking down at their fingers and seeing the silver rings encompassing them. They hadn’t made an effort to hide them, but aside from Lestrade they hadn’t told anyone at the Yard.
"I understand, John," he said smugly, "some people can only handle so much excitement. Though I was rather hoping you would have a higher threshold of endurance. I have a lot of ideas about what we could do."
Sherlock was instantly on alert. “What’s the matter?”
Sherlock hand reached out to John's arse and squeezed. John yelped slightly and bucked his hips forward, which seemed to please Sherlock. He grinned widely at John.
He felt his breathing becoming more and more accelerated until he was sure he really was hyperventilating. He put his head between his knees and attempted to calm himself down and tried to take deep breaths. After a while he felt his breathing return to a more acceptable rate and tried to get his thoughts in order. Sherlock was alive. John had seen him. John had hugged him.
Meanwhile Sherlock had managed to undo John’s trousers and went straight for the doctor’s arse. He squeezed, hard, and the response was a loud moan from John. “Do that again.”
After what seemed like an eternity John finally blinked, his hand moved from Sherlock’s face to his hair and John closed the small distance between them, bringing his lips together with Sherlock’s. When he finally pulled away he uttered a single word, wrapping them both in warmth and desire and love.
The petty thief they had been chasing through the backstreets of London for the past ten minutes was finally starting to slow down, leading Sherlock and John to close the distance between them further. John could tell the thief was becoming winded. Even at this distance he could hear the harsh panting and it was clear that, sooner or later, he was going to have to stop.
"Join me?" he asked with unusual hesitance.
"John," Lestrade interrupted, "why don't you go get Sherlock's doctor, tell him he's awake, and I'll stay with him.
“I’ll answer your question when you answer mine,” Lestrade replied, still smirking.
“Okay. Well, if you need anything, you know where to find me.” And with that he left.
Sherlock sighed from his position on the sofa. He had his head on John's lap and his legs dangling off the edge. "Why do people insist on being so dull?"
Another toss.
Sherlock slid the ring easily into John’s finger and pressed a small kiss to John’s lips when he was finished, still holding his hand. “It’s been in the family for years. I never thought I’d used it.”
“It’s exactly the same as in my dream.” John closed his eyes and let the sensation of Sherlock all around him wash over him. “How did you know?”
"So you never thought about marriage before, not with any of the abundant collection of girlfriend's you've had in the past?"
“Hello, Sherlock,” Lestrade greeted, “how’s your special day been so far?”
"You think you're clever, don't you?"
“Cold,” Sherlock complained, as he shivered slightly. He wrapped his arms tightly around himself to try to maintain some semblance of warmth.
There were a few seconds when he heard the noise outside clearly again and felt a slight dip before it was muffled once more. The fog in his mind was slowly lifting and now that the pain and the noise weren’t as overwhelming he risked opening his eyes and what he saw brought a whole other level of relief with it.
Deciding that there was absolutely no point in hiding it from John anymore Sherlock finally confessed. “My head hurts. It’s been hurting all day, that’s why I stopped that experiment.”
Sherlock looked up, surprised at John's observation. Of course he was still here. John was here, so of course he was here as well. "Where else would I be?"
He hadn't believed a single word that Sherlock had told him on that rooftop. He refused to believe that Sherlock was a fake. He had seen his brilliant mind at work on every crime scene, every case, every day. Which was why it had angered him so much when people had started believing the lies that Moriarty was spinning. But it had been relatively simple after Sherlock's death to prove that he had been innocent. Weeks and weeks spent interrogating anyone who had ever spoken to Sherlock finally proved that he had not orchestrated any of the crimes he had solved. Alibi after alibi surfaced and the Yard had been forced to acknowledge the fact that Sherlock had been on their side all along. A more thorough investigation into Richard Brook had shown that no one had actually ever heard of him and while this had by no means cleared Sherlock's name with the press it had cleared his name with Scotland Yard, though that was the least of his problems now.
"I think it's safe to say good afternoon now," John replied.
“John?”
He ran to the nurses’ station and asked if any of them knew where Sherlock was, but no one did. He ran up and down the hallway looking everywhere for Sherlock. He searched every room, the bathrooms, even the waiting room but didn't find Sherlock anywhere. He ran back to his room hoping that the detective had finished his stroll and had returned and on the way there he found Lestrade.
Not a minute later Sherlock walked back into the living room with his nose buried in a case file. There was another stack under his arm. Not surprisingly Lestrade followed behind and shot John an amused look.
"How considerate of you."
“You are fucking beautiful,” John breathed, still kneeling over Sherlock on the bed.
"Why?" Sherlock questioned between kisses, "Are you not enjoying this, doctor?"
At seeing John’s clear eyes and hearing his voice Sherlock’s resolve broke. He collapsed on top of John, burying his head in John’s chest and wrapping his arms around the man as well as he could in their position. John was still a little confused but it was obvious that Sherlock was upset, so he did what he could to try to make him feel better.
The next couple of days were spent in much the same way. John would make breakfast, which Sherlock would eat without complaint, and they would spend the rest of the day watching telly or on their laptops. After dinner they would cuddle up on the sofa or in bed, not doing much of anything, just spending time together.
The scene around them spoke of how the last few moments must have gone for their patient. A dressing gown and blanket lay carelessly discarded on the sofa. The coffee table was housing an untouched tray of tea and biscuits as well as several empty glasses of water. Even more tellingly, next to the tray sat a blue inhaler, probably long since effective, and a mobile flashing with unanswered calls from someone named John.
"I'm sure you can keep him entertained," Lestrade replied, jokingly.
"I know," John replied with a smile, "I love you too, you idiot."
"No. He might wake up in the meantime and I don't want him to be by himself."
Sherlock had not only made the first step but he had since then taken extra precautions to ensure he never neglected John. He was always very much aware of where John was. He tried to take better care of himself, though that didn't always go the way he wanted it to, so that John wouldn't have to worry as much. And most of all he tried to make sure John knew how Sherlock felt about him. That was the most important thing. John had to know that Sherlock was better now that he had him in his life. A better detective, but most importantly a better person.
"Breakfast?" John asked.
John smiled at him, utterly content. "Definitely worth it."
Sherlock seemed determined to cover John’s entire chest with his tongue. He licked and sucked and grazed his teeth over every inch of flesh he could find and his hand was already busy trying to unzip John's trousers. But John had something else in mind.
“I’m just glad to have him home.”
"Sit up for a bit, Sherlock."
John simply rubbed his back, hoping to bring what little comfort he could. When Sherlock was finished he collapsed back on John’s chest and the doctor placed his hand on Sherlock’s forehead. The migraines didn’t usually get this bad and he was starting to wonder if maybe they were an underlying symptom to something else.
John slowly removed his fingers from inside Sherlock, receiving a grunt of disapproval in spite of the knowledge that they would soon be replaced with something much better. John kissed Sherlock, his lips moving slowly across the detective's, not in their usual desperate kisses, but a soft loving kiss that spoke of a deeper affection between the two. He lined himself up with Sherlock. "Ready?" he asked.
"Is it the nightmares?" John asked in a soft voice.
“Of course.”
"Don't remember," Sherlock shrugged.
They both inched forward and their lips met in a deep kiss, John's tongue springing out to lick at Sherlock's lips and then down his jaw all the way to his neck. Sherlock was already making delicious sounds, clearly pleased with the development of the situation. John started edging them both towards the sofa where Sherlock lowered himself carefully with John straddling him.
John understood exactly what he meant. John himself had tried to hide his feelings for Sherlock for a long time, but enough was enough. He had spent far too much time away from the detective, thinking he'd been lost, that they'd never see each other again and he was going to make the best of the time they had together now.
"I don't know where Sherlock is. I've looked for him everywhere. He's not in his room, not in the bathroom or the waiting room or anywhere."
"Not me, you idiot!"
As soon as his head hit the pillow he felt a wave of exhaustion travel through his body, and he only wished whatever John had planned would help him sleep.
His mouth dropped open when he saw the state the kitchen was in. It wasn't clean, it was immaculate. There were no experiments anywhere, the dishes were clean and put away in the respective cupboard and the table was set. There were two plates and the corresponding cutlery as well as two glasses of wine.
John's advice went unheard. When he returned from the bathroom after his shower he found Sherlock, still sitting on the sofa, slumped over the case files on the table.
"John, that's completely unnecessary, I'm fine," Sherlock complained from the sofa.
"Is it too cold?" he asked.
Sherlock spent the short taxi ride to the crime scene recalling what little he knew about the case to John. He was itching to get to the crime scene and finally learn all he could about the case and get his mind working again. Lestrade had told him very little, just that a woman named Sylvia Jensen, recently divorced and mother of one, had been receiving threatening messages through the post. Lestrade had called Sherlock in after they cleared all the suspects off their list and the case came to a standstill.
“Why not?” Sherlock complained. “It’s not as if anyone is going to walk in on us again.”
Never in his whole life had he even considered the thought of marriage, and seldom had he allowed himself to contemplate a relationship with anyone. He never thought he would be happy to spend so much time with any one person or that they would reciprocate the feeling, but John Watson was in a league of his own. He was everything Sherlock never thought he would have, and he turned out to be just what he needed. Someone who enjoyed the same things he did, someone who could appreciate him and not expect him to change but at the same time felt comfortable enough telling Sherlock whenever he did something that was a bit not good. And Sherlock cared enough to listen, which was what surprised him the most.
“Yes.”
Sherlock’s eyes were glazed over and unfocussed, but John’s voice seemed to trigger some recognition in his gaze. “He’s GCS 5, his eyes are open,” he quickly rattled off. He was still holding Sherlock’s hand, trying to ignore the fact that it was lax in his own. “I’m right here, Sherlock,” he whispered, “I’m right here.”
It came as a big surprise to John to find out that Sherlock was a snuggler. He'd never given much thought to the subject but he after waking up this morning he assumed that Sherlock would be gone. The detective had always been unable to stay still for very long, unless he was thinking, and became bored and restless between cases, but it seemed he was more than happy to spend his time in bed with John.
