“No...I figure it’s safe to talk about it now, since you’re marrying my brother. You told me not to call you ‘Greg’. I merely have lived in quiet obedience.”
“John, this is my ...friend?, Luther.” He looked from one man to the other. “Luther, this is my...uhm, my goddaughter’s father, John Watson.”
‘How in hell does he do that?’  He wondered, as he got on the bus, and sat down next to him. His husband, happy, and pink faced from running around with him, mischief in his eyes. John took his hand and kissed his face. They were going to enjoy every minute of what was to come. There were no doubts left between them. It was the two of them to face the world, the three of them to love, and live and hope.
Once again, find the songs at
“She was
*********
Sherlock took  a tube of slick, and spread it on his fingers. He kissed John’s legs, and touched John’s body tentatively, as his finger passed through the rim of muscle and explored the new territory. Sherlock worked to keep his breath steady, though he could do nothing about his galloping heart, and patiently thrust his finger in and out, startling when John jerked and gasped as Sherlock found the ridge of his prostate. His second finger joined the first; Sherlock’s nerves battling his overwhelming desire. When he couldn’t wait anymore, he slicked his hand; he had lost some hardness to the awareness that this was his first time. This might work to his advantage now. Sherlock took himself in hand, applied extra lube, pushed into John.
“How long have you been sharing a flat,?” she asked, looking at him out of the corner of her eye.
Harry saw their father’s influence in John’s actions.
“Hmm, let’s see. The fresh air, the walks on the trails, the dogs, these off the trail walks. Being with you, Sherlock. Always.”
One day John came in, after a quick trip to the yard, with a satisfied smirk. Sherlock was absorbed in an experiment comparing the rate of decomposition of a body submerged in water, to that of water plus a certain quantity of chemical fertilizer. The result of which had made Rosie beg the Stamfords to let her stay over. Claire had walked out in disgust, and Kaia had taken Mrs H out for coffee, on the other side of town. John ignored all of this, and the smell, so content was he about his discovery. He stood next to Sherlock and smiled until the genius noticed him.
Thank you all for reading and commenting and continuing this journey with us. We are getting closer lovelies!
“Pssf, some genius. I send you comments about my day. You could send me a comment about yours. Not required, though.”
“Any chance these were yours? Maybe he stole them from the stable where you met?" John suggested.
“No, John has not faltered. I will do my best, Molly. Fine, I will look for a suit, I guess. I will not match his clothes!”
for their help with the story, their reviews of this chapter, the hand holding and the tough love through my "should I/ shouldn't I" I went through about posting.
“He hates diagnosis, being labeled. Sherlock functions quite well when he wants to, so I don’t know. I’m not a specialist. I just see him and his odd combination of genius and challenges. Doesn’t mean he’s not able to manipulate me to his own benefit. To make me see things the way he wants me to. He did that a lot when we first worked together.”
“Daddy, where is John? Where is my Watson? Everything is spinning around.”
That had been the worst of it all. To think he had treated Sherlock the way Mary had treated him...there would be no way Sherlock would ever want him in his life again.
Sherlock makes his decision, and does not regret it. His dislike for new people has been put aside for the moment. He definitely is benefiting from this friendship. New experiences and mini holidays tend to lift the spirits.  John is having trouble thinking about anyone else. His ex is so hard to find. People seem to know things John isn't aware of...
“This, you haven’t used Sherlock. You are having a meltdown. I’ll bring tea…”
"If I may have a word with you, Mr Watson-Holmes” said the boy, and Sherlock remembered his name.
So Sherlock stayed, at John’s invitation. He changed the channel on the telly, when John told him to. He had some tea and said “That did soothe my stomach.” and they talked. About Greg and the party. They laughed at the stripper. John commented on Sherlock’s dancing abilities. They talked about Donovan, and Sherlock working with her. About Lewis, her niece, John hadn’t known about her. It had hurt to see he had not known this girl, that had made Sherlock reach out to find a better situation for her. It explained the thawing he saw in Donovan. Sherlock had busied himself with helping her right after John had moved out. John talked about the Science workshop and the progress with Rosie.
John had been attracted to a man. His Colonel. There had been laughter, and camaraderie, and being together in silence. There had been lingering looks and touches. In the end, when John felt ready to take a step towards a relationship and insinuated something, the Colonel had balked. Said he never considered John more than a friend.
“Fine.” Sherlock spat out, angry now. “Three months, two weeks and four days. We went to France a month and a half into our friendship, April 16th through the 20th, when I came back for my days with Watson. We stayed at the Peninsula Paris. During our time together all of our dates included some kind of sex, and me sleeping over at his place. Would you like a rundown of our preferences? Want to know the incidence of hand jobs, blowjobs, penetration, top/bottom, toys and new techniques acquired?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Rosie got a note today. She has been getting scary notes for a while and we were trying to figure out who was sending them. The notes say things about her family. One said that Dr.Watson moved out of his house when he was still married to live with you. Another note said Rosie’s mum was a psychopath. There was one last week that said that you should have died instead of her mum. She showed us the notes. I told her she should show you or John, but she didn’t think it was worth it. I think she got one today, and that she didn’t want to share what it said with us.”
“Luther? Who is that?" asked Rosie, making a pouty face.
“I never thought of giving this to anyone other than you. Even when we were new flatmates, I wanted you to have it, you liked my army stuff so much, but there was no ‘normal’ way to go about giving it to you. Then I just, kind of made myself forget about it.” He took Sherlock’s hand and made sure the lion was on the top. “This is how it’s supposed to go.” Sherlock put his hands on either side of John’s face and kissed him. He took his sweet time. When they took a break to breathe, Sherlock turned the ring around again so Watson was seen on top. “So, we have gone from friends who co-parent, to boyfriends who live apart, to- what are we now?” he asked.
Donovan insisted Sherlock come to the station to sign off the audio file and his name on the paperwork. So he took John with him, all the time with the same saucy little grin, making John just want to tear him apart. He and Donovan were arguing about the suspects mental status, so John went for a cup of coffee, and was detained for a moment by Collins, who every time he saw him, asked if he was going to put the newer cases on the blog, which John had not updated yet.
John decided to give him space. He went through his email, and found an interesting proposal. His recent work with the veterans had been noted. The newly founded  Veteran’s Health Association was offering him a series of conferences that would prepare him for a senior post as an Advocate for Veteran Services and Resident practitioner in their newly completed Veteran’s institute. This would be quite a commute from London, especially if late nights turned into common occurrences. He couldn’t deny that he loved the idea of the job though. He was so lost in thought, he hadn’t looked at his phone for a while.
“Sherlock, please. Yes, your performance at his retirement was quite entertaining.” said Sherlock pointing at Greg. He turned and told the bartender to give Hal his drink of choice.
“Hello John.” Sherlock said very formally, looking surprised.
“So, how are you feeling about that now? Has it been a week already?” asked Dr.Quentin. What have you taken from the experience?
Sherlock had a hard time not reacting to her sheer nerve. “It seems O’Keiley, that you have made a tactical mistake. You chose to target a child that has as parents an MI5 Army Captain and a Consulting Detective. She took pictures of every note you sent her. In them there are links to your email account. You have just confessed to harassing and endangering a minor, who you  will find has not been left unprotected by the forces that stopped her mother. That, and at this moment you have helped us find and detain the leak that gave you secured information. Having seeked access to use as part of criminal activity will count against you, O’Keiley.”
Dancing this song with Sherlock, in front of all their friends, in this place, filled John with a happiness he had forgotten he could feel. He had felt it the first time he saw Sherlock asleep on the sofa, with a tiny Rosie in his arms, also asleep. He had felt it the first morning he woke up next to Sherlock. And now, at Sherlock’s still dazed eyes, and how he couldn’t look away from John and how his breath hitched a little, with the tiniest of smiles threatening to break through, he was certain they belonged together. At the end of the song, John pulled Sherlock with him, hugged Greg and waved goodbye to everyone else.
Here is where Rosie felt the rush of adrenaline, scaring her badly, it was what she had thought that night. John was taking her away from Sherlock.
John then rubbed The Beard on Sherlock’s neck, and Sherlock groaned out loud “Oh God!” John changed to tiny neck kisses, a couple of licks that seemed to weaken his friend’s knees and then kissed his lips. Just a tender, almost chaste kiss. He pulled his head back. Sherlock had his eyes closed. “Hey” Said John “are you alright?”
Sherlock was even more put off by not being the one to help Watson. The evening did not get much better, as the ladies were tired from their trip and decided to retire to bed.
John giggled. “How have you been, Sherlock. You haven’t answered my texts.”
“Well then John, everything sounds good. How about we meet on the 15th and talk about family interaction? As always, don’t hesitate to call if you need to.”
“Sherlock, I have feelings for you, too. Since I met you. You rocked my world, turned it tits up. You have taught me things about myself, I never suspected. I will treat you right. I want to be with you as long as you’ll have me. Now get in here next to me.”
Mrs Hudson was upstairs drinking tea with John and casually bringing up all the little repairs the place needed, while Sherlock sat at his computer, phone in hand, yelling at his brother.
You messed me up too. You got in my head and sank in deep. All the beatings, for as much as looking at a boy. All the drilling about my friends and my girlfriends. Always telling me a real man likes women, that it was dirty to want men, that gay men weren’t real men but abominations, and that if I liked a gay man I was scum, that only garbage takes it up the bum, that all gay men were out to get the “real ones”, to make us lesser men like them. You said it so much, you beat it into me so much, that when I found the love of my life, he terrified me. I couldn’t admit to what I felt thinking it would somehow diminish him, the smartest man alive, to be associated with garbage such as me.
“Yes because you were alone during your ordeal while she had a husband. So I just wanted to hear your voice and make sure you're alright, let you know you are not alone.”
One of my favorite reunion stories, where we find out much of what Sherlock went through during his time away is the fantastic
“Enough Rosie! I called him and left him a message. I’ll give you guys extra days for three weeks of your choosing. Harry is off from work and I wanted to see her. She said come over and you two can do something special.”
“Little Bee, what you did tonight. It meant everything for me. I loved every second of it. That alone will sustain me, always. Your dad, he has this idea. I need to know, first. Anything you answer is good, Watson. I know little girls need mothers. It’s perfectly fine if you want one, but…,” by this point, Watson had looked around, her eyes settling on the papers on the little round table.
With that, Sherlock opened the door and flew up the stairs, leaving John chuckling and shaking his head. He closed up, checked Mrs Hudson’s flat for lights and appliances, and made his way upstairs, to find his man filling up two whiskey tumblers. He looked gorgeous in the soft light of the flat; his hair growing out a bit, curls starting to rebel, some brazen silver strands appearing amongst the still supple darker ones. He had filled out nicely since the time he first saw him after the trip to Cardiff, put on at least a stone, of muscle. His face had definite lines now, made his nose crinkle defined, the ones around his eyes announced he smiled and laughed more than he would ever admit to. He had never been so beautiful to John’s eyes. He raised his glass and said, “To coming back home.” but his voice broke and his eyes flooded. John lowered his head and wiped his eyes with his hand.
Two men, separated, a family divided. Each coping in the way they know how. That's where we left them. In this Chapter, a good friend celebrates an early retirement. There will be a show, good food, dancing and ...alcohol? What are two recently broken up blokes with leftover feelings to do in a situation like this? This chapter gets its rating upgraded to E. Unfortunately, as
“You and Sherlock were both at Rosie’s science expo?” John nodded and folded his hands on his lap. “How was it? Did you argue? Did it go well?”
******
“What are you on about?” The nose crinkle appeared.
on YouTube.
“See, that’s an issue. You will always be ‘Baby’ to me.”
“...well you were right, and I read the problems and the maths were very simple. Look at whatever has twisted you up. Maybe the answer is simpler than you think. Just like you told me.” She gave him one more kiss and walked to the door. “Sherlock, don’t fight with the strings anymore. They wouldn’t last another round. And come downstairs for breakfast. I don’t want you alone.”
“It would not have, but John didn’t accept it. He chose you. John took you with him so you could see for yourself what about it excited him. Did you go with him to the conferences?”
“John, inside me now!”
“Nope, not dating anyone. Plenty of time for the cases. And for Sherlock.” he said, a bit alarmed at the force of the possessiveness that immediately took over, at this woman talking about Sherlock.
John asked him: “Are you alright? Anything need medical attention?”
They ended up taking in the Brighton sights, with Wilson taking pictures of various places. They talked. Wilson was at a different conference than John.
“I don’t care! I want to go home!! It’s Sherlock’s day!...”
“John.” No response.
“... as I was saying; the organization sent automatic emails three or four times a year…,” John started
“He must have been furious,” said Sherlock with a little smile and appreciating eyes. “Unfortunately, that will not stop him, John.”
He called out for him, but heard him before he saw Sherlock; soft muffled thumps as his head hit the sofa arm. He hugged his knees, making himself the smallest he could. John approached slowly.
-Obviously. SH
(See the end of the chapter for
“I’m close, too, just your hand…” Sherlock took John’s cock in his hand and stroked it to the rhythm of his thrusting. Sherlock wanted to watch as John started to come, but when he felt John’s body squeeze him in his climax, he couldn’t stop himself and in a couple of thrusts, he came in John’s body.  He then flopped onto his lover, John letting out a surprised ‘oof’ at his weight.
“That man Sherlock deduced down yesterday was in the coffee line again today. He actually tried to rile Sherlock up first with tidbits about his own dissertation. When Sherlock didn’t take the bait, the man looked like he had an inspiration, and came closer. He said to Sherlock, “Aren’t you thrilled that Dr. Watson will be the next Director of the new program in the Coswells? The move from London must be thrilling. You will have so much time to rest and relax. And solitude also, seeing as how Watson will be up to his ears in work, with little time left for pretty little things like you.”
“John can’t be your doctor because of the fight, right?” She asked sadly.
At the flat, Rosie was having difficulty calming down. “Where’s Sherlock? Please, call him! Please let him come here John, I want both of you today, please!”
They made it to the bedroom. John practically tore Sherlock’s clothes off, then got rid of his own. John’s hands went all over Sherlock’s body, to grab hold of his hardness, already wet from leaking. He heard Sherlock saying “No, no...I’ll come, no.” So they took a break, laying next to each other, John touching Sherlock's face and hair, that gorgeous hair, until his breathing evened out some. When John started getting closer, rubbing his hips to Sherlock’s, he said;. “Inside me...Please, please John, inside me.”
John made tea, which went ignored. Then he waited for Sherlock to come out of his... case sulk? Surely this didn’t happen every time there was progress in a case? When waiting didn’t produce any results, John decided to make a risotto for dinner.
Also thank you for my dear readers and commentors! I'm so grateful for the reception of my humble monster, and happy that you find something enjoyable in it! Beware in this chapter, there is an Omnipotent Mycroft! This author invoked the spirit of Creative License here to be able to give Sherlock what he so richly deserved!!
“How?” Asked Lidia, her eyes shining.
“We actually became a couple once he… retired. When I got sick. I had stage 3 cancer. He left everything behind to spend my last months with me. But instead, he cured me. Almost killed me first, but I’ve been in remission for almost 7 years. We have a little boy, Martin, going on 11.Though I like the village we work in, I would love for Martin to have more opportunities.”
“Doctor, there is a vast difference between my relationship with Luther and that with John. Luther and I were clear from the start. Friends ‘with benefits’. He is here temporarily and doesn’t want a relationship. I wanted to know I could be found attractive and function with someone else. I can. Luther and I share sex, friendship and company and that is it. While the sex is satisfactory, there is nothing else there. With John there is so much more. The experience itself is more, there are other sensations with him, more warmth, comfort…”
“Well I wouldn’t know about that, would I, John? I know that Sherlock likes him. He likes to go dancing, and he does stay over with him, quite a lot. When I asked, he assured me the man was kind and gentle with him, when he wanted him to be.”
As ever and always I am grateful to my dear Betas and friends, for their support, and encouragement and attempts to correct my punctuation.
“Are we now?” Sherlock smiled.
They went to bed, Sherlock wouldn’t hear of John going to ‘his’ room.
Sherlock dropped the phone as if it burned and got up fast. He quickly dressed in last night’s clothes, except for the shirt, fluids everywhere, had they used it to clean up? bit not good. He stole a vest from John’s dresser and hurried out quietly.
John was surprised into a laugh.
He kissed Sherlock’s hands, “This is for when you saved me from the fire.”
John sat alone in the silence and wanted a drink so bad. Out of all the ways a conversation with Sherlock could have gone, this was the worst outcome. Sherlock’s heartbreak and confusion shamed and hurt John profoundly. Listening to Sherlock describe the latest stage of their lives, he understood how he could be confused. John was confused himself. That bit, about his state after he thought John took Rosie away, was worrying. Just how bad had things gotten? Had Sherlock made up his mind that they could never be together again? John told himself it didn’t matter, he would take anything Sherlock could give and be content, but the truth was, he desperately wanted for Sherlock to take him home. Because home was not a place. Not just 221B. It was the man. It was Sherlock.
Instead of the wedding march, the band played “Moon River”, the singer gave a heartfelt rendition, as the grooms walked down the aisle, Mycroft on mummy’s arm first, they stood at the edge of the aisle, until Greg came next, accompanied by his daughter. Mycroft kissed mum on the cheek, Greg kissed Tara‘s hand, then they faced each other, held hands and the ceremony began.
-If inconvenient, come anyway. SH
“Counseling? Maybe we should look into it?”
“Mr Sherlock Watson-Holmes, it is such a pleasure to see you again, and in such a joyous occasion! My most sincere congratulations!”
“Yes, Sir!! I do make all sorts of things happen! The cake? My idea. The umbrella? Yep, my idea, too. Your favorite whisky? Yours truly, of course. We do have a song, and if you dance with me I will play it.”
For the playlist,
“Greg?? Did you actually remember his name?”
“Don’t you pretend to be him,
“Well, then we’ll ask uncle Mycroft to write them up. He’ll do it for me.” Rosie exclaimed.
- ... *(No, I’m on a case now.)
Jake Stewart was increasingly agitated. They finally, finally had a solid lead on the “Disappearing Veterans” case. Mr. Holmes had located a witness who knew of a meeting. It was time, they had to approach; and here was Mr. Holmes looking fed up, and close to him, locked into a staring match, were D.I. Harris and Dr. Watson, both intending to accompany Holmes.
To may Betas
“No! I have to go home! I have to! Today is his day! Not yours! I have to go home!” Her voice getting louder and louder.
“As have you. Look at us. All grown up.”
“Easy, I saw your dog tags as I knocked Strauss down. But that was secondary. I could tell you were army by your stance, the remains of your haircut, your army hospital issued cane. You were in Afghanistan, as proved by your tan, only on your hands and face, not extending down to your chest, and because your tan said either that or Iran, and when I said Afghanistan you did not correct me. Your limp is psychosomatic, as you forgot your cane and ran with me, your shoulder was shot through, limiting your range of movement. You came back to England not long ago, as your tan has not faded. You have little to no money, as proven by your clothes, old and worn, but obviously your best, as you used them to a successful interview to work at St Bartholomew’s hospital, most probably staying afterwards for a cuppa in the cafeteria with Stamford, smart chap of your same age, your childhood friend from good old Edinburgh.”
John headed back, and had a chance to look at Sherlock, without the man catching him at it. Sherlock was in “disguise”: The wind had done a number on his curls, leaving his shortish hair in disarray. He had a blue checkered lumberjack shirt,  the man had pulled open at the top, a white sleeveless vest underneath it, and dark blue jeans, and tan leather boots. Had the man been shopping for this? God he looked hot. As he walked to the office, where Sherlock was looking at something on Donovan’s phone, he noticed that Ed Harris was also there getting an eyeful of his detective. He boldly stepped in and placed his hand on Sherlock's lower back. Clear message.
********
*********
Sherlock’s arms acquired a mind of their own, and started wrapping around his ex-lover. His body and the logical part of his brain shut off, and the doctor’s presence, his hands grabbing his neck, arm around his waist, his tongue in his mouth, John’s body pressed to his, possessive, allowed one thought only; John, John, John. After they had been at it for a while, a clearing of a throat and “L.I. Harris approaching, sirs.”
John kissed him then, his forehead first, his cheeks, his jaw, his neck, drew circles on his back with loving fingers, Sherlock responded to his kisses, but John could see he was still in a dark headspace. So he flipped them over. This had used to work when they lived together.
the government! Just how much higher can we go?”
“Wait. You and Greg actually had something, then? Before I was around?”
A word about the case of the MV. I did put in a decent amount of google research in order to present a case that sounded possible. As I have no training in chemistry or medical research, I have used creative license extensively. Please forgive any glaring errors (you can pm me on tumblr)
“Holmes, Shut up! Now!“ barked Captain Watson. “There will be no ‘I’ going on a mission, and there sure as hell will not be a John Watson staying under Mycroft’s protection! Have you gone barmy?”
John told her, “It’s about time to leave, love. Start saying your thank yous.”
The Mystrade wedding! There are pictures (no murderous photographers), dances, and happiness! and JOHN GOES HOME!! He finally gets to see his beloved 221B, and discover why Sherlock never invited him in. The men have worked on their challenges, and built up their relationship. Now everything should be happy and easy, smooth ride to the end, right? Read on so you can enjoy the jewel hidden in the middle of the chapter courtesy of Dovahlock221! You have read and suffered and laughed with the men during their worst times, so now you get to enjoy this chapter! Cheers!
******
“What? Because you are an insufferable dick?” asked Greg with an odd expression.
******
“A bit not good.”
“Sherlock!! Wake up!! Charlie is making chicken and waffles!! You have to come see!! Come on!!” Rosie was so excited.
“Yeah, OK, I'll call ahead. See if they have a table.”
- Yep. 8:30 am. I’ll be at Baker Street
Greg had asked Sherlock to go with him for his final suit fitting. Mycroft couldn’t leave work, preparing as he was for his absence due to the upcoming honeymoon, so Sherlock couldn’t really say no. He was actually not annoyed that Lestrade had thought of him.
Alberto said, "We wanted to give you an open invitation to our hotel, any time you would like to visit the Isla de Las Tortugas. It is a Safe Harbor hotel, catering mostly to same sex couples and families. It will be our privilege to have you with us.”
You can find all the music that inspired the story in the playlist
-John, I hope Murray did not entice you on this trip by promising danger. The Siberian Husky is independent , obstinate and clever. They are assertive but very loyal and social. They were vital rescue dogs during the gold rush in Alaska, and also during the war. As to other animals at the resort you are staying in most of them are either kept out of the place or hibernating
“Yes. Mycroft...if I may share a personal issue that is quite confounding; In light of your recent engagement and eventual marriage, I guess your knowledge will have to suffice. John has been acting as if he wants us to be a couple again. I don’t know what is best. I confess that in this matter my mind is lacking it’s usual keenness. He left, so if he didn’t want me anymore, if he knows I’m not good enough…” Mycroft winced at that “...why would he want to have me back?”
“Sherlock doesn’t have a phone!” John said indignantly.
“You’ve met Sherlock? Who introduced you? What did you think of him?” Mike’s face was… hopeful?
Meghan decided to cut in. “Rosie, what are you wearing for the presentation?” She half yelled.
“Bye Baby. Say bye to your man.”
As he walked back home, shallow breath, all senses heightening his discomfort, he realized what the itching in the crook of his elbows meant. Body memory. Comfort of the last resort. No John, No Rosie. No John ever again. He was at his last resort.
“I won’t repeat myself, since it’s done now anyway. I just hope you have given the matter deep consideration, as I will exercise my parental rights from now on.”
Sherlock saw only genuine concern for Rosie, so he gave her the basic facts. She told him she had no problem cleaning up.
At almost 6:00 am he felt a presence. “Are you alright, Sherlock?” Watson was rubbing her eyes and yawning.
“Let me know if you want me to drop Watson off here or if you want to go to Mrs. Hudson. It’s Sunday morning this time, right?”
“Why wouldn’t I be? Well, actually I might not. We are supposed to move into Baker Street at some point.”
“It’s alright, love, just say.”
“I want you to make me one of the two of you, and I want both to be happy, John.”
“Hey there sweetie, you again? You looking for some companeee?” she slurred.
“Are you still insecure of John’s commitment, or your own perhaps? I believed you were interested in re-establishing your family life, intimacy, and domesticity for Rosalie.”
“Pleased to meet you Iyanna. Hi Luther. Congratulations to both of you as well! Will you be coming to London for a visit?”
“I don’t believe that, Captain. You invaded Afghanistan!” laughed the boy.
Inspired by
“You didn’t tell him you hated him dating?”
“Piss off.” Both men laughed. “Did I get it right?” Sherlock asked, looking at John intensely.
“Will you be boring?” Sherlock asked chin up high, poshness deployed.
John controlled his breathing. He wished he could reach out and strangle the man.
“Thank you, for trying to lift my spirits Luther, but obviously I have more work to do. I’m going home. Please forgive me, I never meant to offend you.”
In preparation for their move, Sherlock helped John put all his boxed up worldly possessions into the back of one of Mycroft’s cars. Mrs Hudson hugged Sherlock, and cooed over John, tickled that they had a doctor in residence. John took his clothes to the room upstairs. He actually had a couple of pots and pans, and a kettle. His shower things had gone in the bathroom, his Radox shampoo, versus Sherlock’s Oribe. He had looked fine with his curls in a halo, while he stayed at Johns, but ever since he had gotten his own products back, the ringlets were incomparable. Well, they were part of John’s problems, those curls.
“Does she give you grief about going places? She seems to either want to stay in all day, reading, or just go to the park near Baker Street.” John had to talk around the knot in his throat. “Not the most stellar of parents, here, huh?”
“What? No! You deduced that wrong Sherlock.”
I will recommend another favorite, among the first fics I read when flirting with the Sherlock Fandom:
Though he had a sense of having been cuddled to sleep, Sherlock woke up alone, smiling thinking of John, though one look around showed him this was not his flat. Still half asleep and disoriented, he looked at the bed he was in and how well he was tucked in, and felt despair, this was Luther’s bed. Being with John had, of course, been a dream. He buried his face in the pillow again, not wanting to think, but taking in a distinctive scent from the pillow next to him; there was also a strand of blond, gray hair. John’s!!
“Sussex, in late August. If you would like to be my plus one. My friend Greg is getting married.”
John fumed well into the evening. Sherlock was always professional, never slipped at work, they didn’t even hold hands. Yet he got outed, always sneered at, made fun of. John wasn’t even with him anymore and still heard it. Sherlock pretended to not be affected, to not care. Who would stand up for him now?
At that moment Sherlock came in, arms full. John took the food and Rosie almost tackled him, in her hurry to get into his arms. Her head went onto the crook of his neck, and she started crying again. “I’m sorry Sherlock. I’m sorry I didn’t tell you!! I wanted to...but it felt like such a...a dirty thing!!”
“So brotherly harmony? That’s a good turn up.” John said.
“Stop me Myc. stop me.”
Charlie and Nyla had spent three weeks of her school holidays in the States with Charlie’s family. They had just come back, so Lizbeth, together with Linda Stamford, were taking the girls to the Apollo Victoria to see “Wicked”. John was catching up on work, while Charlie was catching up on chores, such as shopping for food, arranging for laundry service and registering Nyla for daycare, from the comfort of Sherlock’s library computer, where they were talking over the state of their families. While Sherlock told her of his on again status with John and his summer with Rosie, Charlie told him about her visit with her family. They wanted her back. Her old job wanted her back. Her best friend wanted to set her up with an old crush of hers. The only problem was custody with Nyla. Charlie was not about to let her daughter go. Neither was Lizbeth.
“I know it won’t. But I couldn’t actually kill the idiot, so at least I had my say, “ John said back.
“So you look at the evidence and find the clues other people overlook.” Wilson laughed and shook his head.
-Sherlock, Rosie has a birthday party this weekend, for her friend Jackson. It’s on  Saturday. I can go instead of you, and you can take Sunday with her, if you want.
Sherlock went back to therapy, again and again. His difficulties getting out the right words to describe his feelings manifested themselves for Dr. Quentin to see. Sherlock had difficulties sleeping, his ability to eat was greatly reduced. Throughout it all, Dr.Quentin was a steadfast presence, and helped him remain as objective as possible. They started out with the drug use, the feelings of being unworthy and the suicide ideation. The doctor talked about temporarily using Rosie as a guide of what he should want for himself also.
“At this point I have no idea who you are talking about…,” Sherlock managed to step away from the man.
“Really? I wasn’t aware this was a date. Pity that, I would have dressed up.” said Sherlock, his smile threatening to widen.
“One in particular comes to mind right now. I was happy in the moment, although it was the last time in quite a long time.” said John, without moving from his seat, his sock foot going up and down Sherlock’s leg.
John laughed. “Does she also run an underground fight club?”
John turned to Sherlock. The man wouldn’t look at him, but said, “I planned this much before you left. It was to be- a peace offering. I was planning to show you the blueprints and sweep you and Rosie off your feet to Disney World in the US. Then we would live in one of the flats that Mycroft keeps for important visitors until the renovations were complete. The house next door was bought and remodeled to fit our needs. It was bought with money from the cases, John. I was going to show you that week, when I came back from the case. But by then we were so fed up, it all went up in flames. Everything was paid for, services were contracted. The only thing I gave back was the trip to Disney. Mrs.Hudson has a perfectly good sofa, and during the noisiest of the renovations, I paid for her to take her sister to Brighton.
A thanks as always to my wonderful betas
“Say. Whatever it may be, it's fine.” whispered Sherlock
“We could give both things a go, if it's alright with your parents and you make up your mind what you want to do first.” Said Sherlock,
“Oh? What business is it?”
-The tear is big, the trainers have been rendered useless and we came back to your flat to look for her bee ones. Where are they, do you know? SH
“Sherlock!” John snarled, approaching him
“Well, yeah.” he answered.
John laughed, “You really have no idea what Sherlock is about, do you? And you never will. Sherlock moved on to other cases. He has plenty to occupy his mind these days. He’s not about to go after you on some wild goose chase. At least not on his own.”
Back in his home office, in London, a distraught Mycroft sat at his desk, holding his head in his hands. “Oh, God, no!” He had liked John Watson. The doctor seemed wise beyond his years. His brother had been a walking disaster, even with Lestrade’s cases. With Watson, he had stabilized, focused. Watson seemed to truly care about him, diagnosis and past indiscretions notwithstanding. Mycroft had been impressed by John handing the paramedics and hospital doctors the list of Sherlock’s diagnosis, and his sensitivities to medicine. As a result, Sherlock had the best hospital stay in a long time, albeit it being short. He had liked the fact that the underemployed doctor had not taken his deal, tempting as it must have been.
John sat and delicately took him in his arms. His voice was thick with tears, “I got you. You’ll be alright.”
So John scolded him for not getting himself checked out, not knowing he had been a mess, not knowing he was currently thinking of how to carry out the numerous experiments he had thought up that featured John’s beard. Experiments on himself especially. That beard against his face, his neck, the roughness, the tickles. Oh no! His traitorous body, the flat was so hot, or Sherlock was getting sick, he was positively feverish. Kept looking up to John’s face. He had to pull a towel over his lap to cover the obvious, and sit on his hand to stop it from reaching up and touching the doctor’s face.
Even an ardent reader like me, in fandom for almost four years may still discover "new to me" authors and stories. Today I recc
“I'm fine, John. I think maybe I hit my knee.” He looked down to see John handling his ripped trousers. He had quite a gash. His foot felt funny. John wasn’t looking up. “John?"
“You didn’t have to bring it in, Mrs. Hudson, it’s probably something Sherlock ordered,” John said, though he was trying to convince himself.
“Sherlock? I’m here. I’m here…” Love. He had wanted to say love. Then he sat next to him, put his hand on the back of his neck to stop him from hitting his head.
(Sorry Mr DeGraw- In my head, John sings "He Sets The City On Fire" Please excuse the wrong pronoun!)
“You are thinking about it, and we have a case to solve. Stop!”
“John to the left, and Sherlock to the right. You guys are both ‘Father’.” She said, her eyes daring them to disagree. They both appeared to know better. Rosie wrote down “Nana Hudson- Grandmother”. The men proceeded to battle for Mrs. Hudson.
“John, you are not...Not now, please, don’t…”
“Yeah, you could be…” said Nyla, “...but in this group, no one would believe you would skip out on the Rose. The two of you are inseparable.”
John looked away from his face, saw the shirt. “Hey, isn’t that mine?”
Sherlock walked around anxiously, Harry telling him to “Stay out of the way, Holmes!”
Sherlock managed to sit up by himself. He was obviously dizzy, and seemed surprised to see himself covered in blood. John took his shirt off and made a makeshift bandana for him, covering the wound. The adrenaline down was hitting him. Sherlock could easily be dead. With the urgency gone, he opened Sherlock’s ruined shirt, helped him sit up straighter so he could breathe better. John sat down next to his friend so Sherlock could lean on him. He worried he had nothing to offer him. He talked about what would happen when the ambulance came, tried to describe step by step. After what seemed an eternity, the EMS and the police finally came.
Sherlock looked at Greg, blinking.
John chuckled “it’s a housewarming party, you prat. That means she moved! “ The place they were looking at now was a duplex in a nice, vibrant neighborhood.
“Are you planning on talking all night, or do you think it possible you provide me with dessert?”
“John, don’t. I… I’m not good at this, I don’t know how…”
-Good morning sweet heart (kissy face). Use of emoticons, how dull.
“Unfortunately, I have to see the foot to fit the shoe…”  He said, smiling a little when Sherlock reacted with a puzzled look and a nose crinkle. “...I must know your history, your diagnosis and the issues that have led you to your current situation. If there are any professional files, you feel may help me with that, we can have them transferred. There will be topics we must talk about, so that I can find patterns of behaviors, both efficient and not, so that we can analyse their results and consider valid alternatives for what is not producing the results you seek.”
“You will stay here, with me, John?” Sherlock asked, voice heavy with sleep.
*******
jealous of you, baby. But I had to tell her about you and how we were, so she could believe that I was going back to her because I chose to.”
John shook his head. What was he thinking? By his own admission, women were not Sherlock’s area. If he hadn’t explored with Adler, he wouldn’t ...right? John thought back at Luther. That had been painful. There was no denying what had been going on there. And John saw right through Luther. Whatever Greg had assured John, Luther had some kind of feelings for Sherlock. John had seen it when they met. No denying Sherlock held hands with Luther in a very public place, where Luther’s family was. Granted, the git didn’t seem overly affected when the man went back to the States, but Sherlock could be very hard to read. After the DJ, Sherlock had not gone back to the clubs, nor had he mentioned any more “friends” to John’s knowledge. Sherlock’s “relationship” with Luther had been hard for John to accept, but they had been broken up during that time. Now, John was determined to win Sherlock back. If his genius entered a relationship now...No. Not happening.
John looked at her. Now her cheery compliance made sense. He took a deep breath. “Sweetheart, we are not meeting Sherlock. We are meeting Harry. She lives there, remember? We’re staying with her over the weekend.”
“You worked together? He was renown. How did you make it work, being a couple?”
“Many prior experiences of me asking you for active participation in a case where I am involved, only lead to your rejection. I didn’t have a reason to think it would be different on this occasion.”
“Disguise, John.” he smiled, and John wasted no time opening the skin tight jeans up and slipping his hands in to cup his arse, as he kissed that long neck. A small desk would serve them fine. John pushed Sherlock to it and pulled the jeans and pants all the way down.
See, I happen to be a successful matchmaker; having previously set up my good friend, Owen with his beautiful wife, Christina, going on 25 years now. My friend and colleague, Sarah Sawyer and my good friend Arthur Gregson, married now for 5 years, and my own beautiful wife, Linda, who despite being way out of my league, by some miracle of luck, twenty years ago decided to give me a chance when I told her we were, to cite my daughter Mel ‘OTPs’. So you see, in reality we are celebrating my concise matchmaking abilities. The moment I lay eyes on John Watson, I knew he was The One for the madman who earlier that same day asked me who would ever want him for a flatmate. I kid you not when I tell you John poised the same question, in the same tone of voice, and I saw Sherlock clearly in my mind in that instant. These two men didn’t stand a chance. I brought them together for no one to tear apart." Mike gave a proud little bow and and moved his hands, prompting the guest to applaud and hoot for him.
“Quite frankly John, given the amount of interaction we have had this year, it never occurred to me that you would notice my absence, much less ‘go crazy’ over me. And even if you had noticed, I would have thought you would be happy without me to distract you from the predictable, ordinary life you have chosen to live under our roof. God forbid I try to tell you what the cases are about, or try to ask you for help!” Sherlock was projecting an ‘Iceman’ so cold, Mycroft would seem cozy.
Rosie had inevitably heard some of the loudest, nastiest bits. There had been a scene when John came to pick her up Sunday morning. Rosie had lost it, saying she wanted to stay with Sherlock, not letting go of the door frame until John promised the visits would not be changed. Rosie relented, but Sherlock remained skeptical.
“I still don’t have a place to go. I won’t be going to the streets no more though. Sofa?”
John took a look at the man’s healing arm “Psoriasis?”
This was in German.
Thanks be given to my unbelievable betas, who go above and beyond, even in these trying times!
“Well if anyone could find out who he is, it should be you! What do you mean?
Sherlock proved impatient, thrusting up against John’s fingers, so John slicked himself, and Sherlock’s arse, and introduced the tip of his cock. Not an easy task, as the entrance was tight, and his control wanted to falter, but he remembered the discomfort, and Sherlock’s stillness and shallow breath, at the introduction of just the tip, told him he could feel it too.
“Aside from the fact he dumped me like so much baggage after 6 years? We have never been very demonstrative, it has been difficult to ascertain the depths of his feelings. He was always so very careful to be private. To not give anything away…”
“I don’t feel like leaving Gregory behind, while I’m in some far away country negotiating peace truces with the neighboring countries. I will be away an undetermined amount of time. To come with me, Gregory must be my spouse. By the way, which one for the wedding?”
“I heard you were dating Sarah, doctor Watson? I mean, wouldn’t that interfere with your availability for Sherlock? His cases, of course.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Yes, he does seem dedicated.”
“Are you done? Let me clear this right up, you dumb head, Sherlock Holmes is not your sweetheart. He does not miss you and does not need your presents. Furthermore he, we have nothing to say to you.” John barked at him.
“Rosie!! Rosie!! Oh my God! Sherlock...!” Once in John’s arms, Rosie let go the flood of tears.
John took a quick shower, but Sherlock had apparently needed more time to let go of the day, and took much longer. When he came out, in his pajamas and robe, the food they ordered was already there; Sherlock barely picking at it, preferring to go to John the moment he put down his plate, and kiss him.
When Sherlock appeared to breathe again, he reached for the jeans’ pockets and retrieved a small tube of lube. He slicked his hands and John’s cock with lube. John did not need much, as just grabbing that arse almost threw him over. He did grab Sherlock’s hips with one hand, and teased a nipple with the other which caused a groan, so he kept teasing, causing Sherlock to pull on him harder and John to spill over.
After Sherlock paid the cab, he looked around. “Why are we here? This isn’t Molly’s flat.”
********
Sherlock’s chest, “This is when she shot you. I wanted to die.”
“Very well, then. If you are amenable, you can send me your previous doctor’s information, so they can share the files. It will cover most of the ‘ancient history’”
They got up then, to tidy up. John decided to make some tea, to get some sugar into Sherlock. Seeing his man step out to the covered front porch, to sneak a cigarette, changed his mind in favour of a last whiskey neat.
. It doesn’t work. He left me, anyway.”
“Were any of your dates men, John?” Beverly asked.
“If you mean to play cards, I must warn you. I count them while my brain is busy gathering information.”
“Alright, Himself, come eat rice, then.”
The musicians, who were playing classical music, suddenly quieted, then started playing. The guests started hooting and cheering and clapping. The trio of little girls came down the aisle in coordinated dance moves.
“Señor del Cielo, que paso aqui?” She asked, looking at all the scattered materials. “Rosie, are you alright? Mr. Holmes, what happened here?”
Then Rosie came complaining of cold, and John helped Sherlock up from under the pile of dogs. He tried to wipe off the fur from his jacket to no avail, and they walked the dogs back to the kennel. As they headed towards the cafe for some of their excellent hot chocolate, he stayed back a bit, as Rosie said something about running to the loo. Sherlock turned around to see what was keeping him and John grabbed onto him and kissed him hard, startling him.
“She should be on my side. My parents are both deceased. Yours are alive, it will appear you have three!” Said John.
“It was Luther you were busy with.” John commented, out of nowhere.
“No Baby. I put my fingers in your mouth to quiet you. You were calling…”
********
He led them to the bedroom, that was also softly lit and warm. John looked at Sherlock. “Sweetheart, there is something I have often dreamed of. I would like to attempt it.”
He kissed Sherlock’s cheek, “This is for when I was flirting with you at Angelo’s that first night.”
John stayed until the responders took down his notes, then, with a nod to Harris, ran to see if he could find Sherlock. They had their gps on, so he found them, in time to note people closing their windows. The trio ran close to each other, John chasing them from the floor.
“Is there anybody you know that works with the homeless, Mike? Anybody willing to come down to the underground?” Sherlock pleaded. Somebody was poisoning these men and he needed proof to hand to Donovan.
“Well congratulations to her and to you.” He said sincerely. “Are we done here then?”
John hugged her. “Looks like you got that covered.”
“So is it serious? Do they have plans?” Asked John.
“I was nervous that John would make it an issue, that he would think I did it on purpose. But he took it well. He even talked with Luther for a while.”
“Actually we are on schedule. Just maybe two more hours.” Said John, “want some breakfast?”
“He is doing well, Doctor Watson. The strangulation has inflamed muscles around his trachea, which initially made it difficult for him to breathe. The cut, though long, didn’t reach much below the epidermis, staples have been applied, as well as a local pain relief salve. He has also been given antibiotics. My brother’s blood tests reveal he has been clean for weeks. As I have learned you are to continue to be his flatmate as well as his friend? I propose a collaboration, where we could both work in Sherlock’s favour.”
“Busy. Married to my work, remember?”
The brownie was victorious, none of them being able to eat another bite, having to leave almost half of it on the plate. Smiling, tums full of food, they all decided to walk a bit before heading to their flats. Rosie contentedly skipped/danced in front of them, twirling along the way of the mild, lighted evening. Sherlock and John walked quietly, amicably enough. John couldn’t help stealing glances at the detective. At one point, John almost reached out for his hand, but Sherlock, with an apparent sixth sense, put his hands behind him and talked about the style of the neighborhood houses and the immigrant groups that lived in it. As they approached John’s flat, Sherlock stopped and told them he would get a cab from there. Rosie protested vehemently, but Sherlock would not be deterred and reminded her they would see each other the day after the next.
The best defense is a good offense. “Oh! Now she’s your little girl? That’s rich!  Now you two cook together and make renovations, and are oh so chummy? And what about all those times your precious work kept you so busy that you couldn’t be bothered to come home to spend time with her? What about all the school specials you missed and the conferences, and the birthday parties? All the times you were so tired from your all important cases you couldn’t be bothered to go places with us? All of the sudden she is YOUR girl, when half of your time you couldn’t  take your eyes away from your computer?”snarled John
Later that night he texted Sherlock:
Sherlock was perplexed. “I deduce by observation, yes. Why is that funny?”
He took a deep breath. Rosie was coming  towards John, her hands red from the rope. “Did you see my bees?” She asked them. She had a small swarm painted on her face.
Sherlock played Christmas carols, then some popular songs the girls asked for. That led to some dancing, then the opening of the presents and the desserts. After the guests left, it became apparent that Mummy and Daddy Holmes were staying in the guest room, to Sherlock’s dismay, to spend Christmas. Mummy went upstairs to put Rosie to bed, and Daddy had just gone up to bed, after a nice glass of excellent bourbon, and some very touching Sherlock childhood memories, John had been delighted and warmed to hear.
Sherlock’s puzzled expression was so alien to his face, that it made John smile. “You should have asked me. I would have told you I’m not dating Sarah, or anyone else. And if I dated, Molly Hooper would be the last person to know.” He looked up, but Sherlock was looking at his feet. “You will eat some of this with me.” John declared.
“Wilson, by any chance, have you ever served in the army?”
“Yeah it was good to see them. They’re doing well, right?”
This elicited some filthy sounding moans, the kind Sherlock rarely gave into. “What? John?”
-Yes. Fine. Needed to sort myself out. SH
The songs in this story can be found on the playlist of the title name
“Tomorrow!! Which is why you must go Now!!.”
“No idea.”
“More like five.” Sherlock interrupted.
name.”
“I want you inside me.” Sherlock whispered.
Sherlock obliged, keeping a hard, fast pace, that made John forget any pain and instead taught him the pleasure to be had. After a while he said, “John, I’m so close!”
“The name is Sherlock Holmes. You saved my honour. Allow me to invite you to dinner.” He winked at John. Winked!
“The posh boy, as you say, feels quite well, having enjoyed the view provided by the army doctor…,” said Sherlock grinning.
John stood in front of Sherlock, held his hands, “Sherlock. Are you alright?”
After that evening, I started to notice every time he took his hand out of mine as we walked, and the times he made condescending remarks about my behaviour to unimportant people in front of me. I started working complicated cases to feel more competent, and continued despite his objections. He responded by stopping any participation in the cases, not even writing about them, taking away physical affection, cuddling in front of the telly, hugging for greeting or saying farewell. As he withdrew, I stopped even trying to be social. I worked more, started taking cases that involved travel. By the end of the sixth year, we stopped having any form of intimacy. We weren’t even talking. Even so, I would have never foreseen he would leave.”
Sitting at the cafe, their drinks cold in front of them, John said, his voice small, “We are different people now, Sherlock. I regret every single thing I said.”
***********
Sherlock raised an eyebrow. “John? What happened to Dad?”  He said “and yes of course I want the pictures. For visual documentation. Your project has a considerable level of difficulty. I’m impressed by it. You worked hard.”
The next day, Sherlock had been gone early, as Harris had called him, and Rosie was to spend the day with her aunts anyway.  Sherlock did contact John, giving him the basics about the case. It was an attempted poisoning of a 60 year old woman. She was in the hospital, being treated, but they told her family she had died, to monitor them. Sherlock suspected her much younger husband’s sister, while all other eyes, including Harris, were on the husband.
“Hmm… Dinner and drinks seem more like a date to me.” said John very lightly.
You and I had been together for years, we were not new. Then, James came back, and you saw him; he looked horrible! The breakup had really messed him up. To be honest I didn’t think about us. I should have told you about what was going on. Or at least, I should have just held your hand, or asked you to join us and have you sit with me, instead of being with James in the living room while you were anywhere but.” John was leaning over the table, looking straight into Sherlock’s eyes.
“Yes of course love, I’ve wanted to for a long time.” John’s voice was not steady either.
“Then we shouldn’t.” Sherlock said seriously.
“So, Rosie’s dress is here. The headpiece in the box. Check that you are taking her shoes. It cost us blood, sweat and tears to find the precise color that did not hurt Herself’s precious ankles. I made Rosie’s bag for Nice. You don’t forget your beach things. I will catch up.” He looked at his detective, who wasn’t sulking, or pouting, or fighting. Instead, he was a little pale, and looked a lot unhappy. “Sherlock?"
“Sweetie, John realized he made a mistake. He is working, going to therapy, dating you. He made sure you have real rights with Rosie. Looks like he is in it for the long run. And you? You’ve learned a lot too! You know you could find at least a companion, a partner. You have made new friends, you have learned so much about yourself. Now you have your daughter to look out for, too. We parents can do unimaginable things for our kids. I say, if you still truly love your idiot, and he loves you, go for it! Your alternative is either find someone new, or be lonely, while you ‘co-parent’ with the man you really love.”
Sherlock had looked into a family holiday, to keep them away for the initial stage of the renovations. He thought maybe he could begin to express his feelings and stop the horrible fighting, the indifference, the lack of intimacy, When John left, the materials have been bought and paid for, as had the furniture, that John had unknowingly chosen, on different occasions as Sherlock asked him during cases what looked most comforting, or which fabric seemed more conducive to sleep.  Sherlock felt his Mind Palace was slow and confusing given the barrage of John’s questions, and while he was struggling not to get lost and find words, words, by the time he finally found some to offer John, said man had left, looking hurt, confused and angry.
Sherlock’s right hand, “This is for when I wanted to kiss you right in front of the cursed Woman.” Sherlock laughed.
“Well, Rosie is staying. No use waking her up, when tomorrow is your day anyway. Thanks for calling me, Sherlock and having me be a part of this.”
He had gone by Barts yesterday to see Molly, who happened to be in the morgue. Though John didn’t go in to meet Sherlock, the detective had been there on a case, and the gaunt, haunted person at work there, obviously hadn’t eaten or slept or even showered for days. Sherlock’s right leg shook continuously, an obvious sign of his distress, his fingers banging on his left thigh and every once in a while he would shake his head and scratch his arms hard. Sherlock was not well. “Sherlock, we can’t go on like this, this isn’t good for anyone.” When Sherlock turned around, his eyes were empty, not one emotion present. His eyes flickered over John’s face, but he left, without acknowledging John had said anything. John was suddenly scared for him, for them, what they were doing to their tiny family.
When John had taken Rosie to Mrs. Hudson to drop her off, he had given Sherlock a piece of his mind, though. Fixing the flat after he left! When John asked him why, Sherlock stared at him, mouth slightly opened, slightly shaking his head from side to side. That didn’t stop John for berating him for being a sneaky bastard. Sherlock finally stopped trying to talk, and seemingly stopped listening, too. He just rocked back and forth, sitting on the sofa, holding on to his legs, classic git position. He appeared to be gone into his Mind Palace, and wasn’t that just typical Sherlock, to escape instead of facing up to his screw ups.
“How can Lestrade ever aspire to solve a crime if your so-called team is intent on destroying the evidence? Why move the body before he, or better yet I, can get a proper look at it?” Sherlock barked.
John’s eyes were wide and moist. “ You bloody idiot.” he said. He took Sherlock’s face in both his hands, pulled it down to his and kissed him. Sherlock stiffened and moved away to look at him, but John just did it again.
Then, on their last day, someone takes their sweet old neighbor's bag.  What starts as a robbery quickly becomes something worse, John's quick thinking allows him to stay close to Sherlock.  Who is this person? How does he know Sherlock? How does he know John? WHAT??
-Situation defused. Use of highly sophisticated negotiation techniques were necessary. SH
The bar pushed the show for rather early in the evening, but it was fine nonetheless. Mycroft’s face, when he saw the young redhead, was simply priceless. The young man had no doubt perfected his act. His tease dance to a remix of “Crazy in Love” was admirable and managed to lift even Sherlock’s spirits. His main act, of course, was the sketch with the umbrella to Rihanna’s “Umbrella”. Greg was thoroughly enjoying Mycroft’s open mouthed astonishment when he saw the auburn haired dancer in the black corset and high heels. Sherlock was happy seeing Mycroft laugh and applaud, just let go and enjoy himself. After it was done, the floor opened for dancing, starting with the grooms, who danced well together.
“It’s a trap, John. Rusty left because I didn’t ‘lend’ him money to buy equipment to rob a jewelry store. He thought I wouldn’t know his motive, but word spreads fast. Also, no one calls me boss; it’s either Sherlock, or Shezza. Finally, Wiggins is in hospital detoxing after Lestrade caught him holding at an underground fight. I believe Rusty is now working for the same man Moran does.”
Now Sherlock was fuming. He swirled around and faced John. “I even asked you about the state of our relationship the day I finally went with him. I was depressed and lonely. Yes, I craved physical affection and yes, I took it from him, every chance I got! We were not in love, we weren’t romantic, but we were affectionate and sexual. It’s over. I don’t regret him though, and I refuse to apologize for that particular choice!
John smiled and did his Sherlock impersonation: “Tell Sholto that South America is a surprisingly good option to settle down in. Most people take education seriously and are excellent professionals. He can also have some advantages being an immigrant as he is a volunteer of much experience. He must be careful about overindulging with liquor as it can be surprisingly strong and easy to obtain. Also, Argentina has a precedent of conducting gay marriages even earlier than the U.S, so there is less stigma, at least for foreigners.”
written by Holyfant (though it is orphaned here) I have loosely based "my" Sherlock's "time away" experiences on the headcanons I have after reading and rereading that extraordinary story!
“Because you are my best friend. I wanted to make myself present and I would like to know about you, too. Nothing complicated, just a friendly talk.”
(See the end of the chapter for
The dolls’ hair had to be left overnight to dry. There was another trio of dolls whose hair was to be curled. So after Sherlock performed a dramatic reading of  a chapter from Rosie’s favorite series “The Land Of Stories”, the girls settled in Rosie’s room, to talk and giggle and pretend to sleep.
Finally, for anyone interested, here is the
“You are looking very well.” John told him.
Then looked at Luther. “May I ask how the two of you met?”
John hurriedly put the things away, grabbed his coat for later and went back to Mrs Hudson.
“Oh really? I had no idea! Where would this trip be to?”
“Hey,” said John, hugging him, getting the curls out of his eyes. “I’m here. I got you. You are not alone.” He was happy to have thought of bringing wipes, he took them from the nightstand, and cleaned Sherlock up, as best he could, him being in a ball. He cleaned himself up and hugged his detective, covering them both with a blanket. Eventually, the trembling stopped.
“I’ve only recently started to consider that might be an issue I should look into. Do you have a place where you are safe? Would you be interested in sharing a flat in Marylebone?”
“Is this about a case, Mr….” Sherlock did not want a repeat of the Hal situation.
This is the reunion Sherlock and John should have had. Very different, very emotional and beautifully written and illustrated! If you want to give the music a listen, go to
“I thought you would figure that out. You don’t have to keep them now. You could wait until you retire.”
Team 2 did win the scavenger hunt. The proud parents, the Stamfords, John and Sherlock had heard the conversation thanks to Linda’s recordings of the event. All the Team 2 families went to have fish and chips for dinner. They were so busy, and stayed out for so late, that neither Sherlock nor John acknowledged that this day was the anniversary of the one John had left. That night in bed, though, after a satisfying round of sex, the two men slept in each other’s arms.
by Poppy Alexander.
They both dozed off a little again. Then John’s stomach rumbled and he got up to go to the bathroom. He came back with a flannel and cleaned Sherlock off. “You can rest a while and I’ll take the first shower.” Said John as he took fresh pants to the loo. “Mhjnnnfff” said Sherlock and was about to drop back to sleep when he heard a text message. He couldn’t find his phone anywhere so, it had to be John’s phone. Rosie? Sherlock made a mistake.
“No, she’s fine. It’s not that. Are you working?” John sounded insecure, as if he were embarrassed.
John sighed and pushed his empty plate away. “Alright, I didn’t want to have to say it, but part of the reason I needed a holiday in the first place, was because I was feeling a little down. I’m really into this person I’ve known for a long time, and I wanted to see if we could be more than friends, but the person never showed interest in something like that.” John was looking intensely into Sherlock’s eyes.
John gasped. That did hurt, in a way his own fingers had not. The pressure was uncomfortable indeed. He almost asked Sherlock to stop. When he looked up at him, he saw his partner with his eyes closed and such an emotive look on his face.  John thrust his hips up instead, fitting all of Sherlock’s cock inside and that felt better. Sherlock had yelped at John’s movement. He had opened his eyes and was looking at him. “You OK?” Sherlock asked him.
Sherlock had asked him if he was home. He wanted to tell him he wouldn’t be home until Sherlock took him back. He wondered what would happen if he took a taxi and called from the door. Would Sherlock take him in? Would he take him back home? The thought of their room, their bed wanted to break him. What wouldn’t he give right now for waking up at Baker Street and making tea? For sitting in front of the fire? For sleeping in the bed with Sherlock, and having him stay the night.
Sherlock was working. At an astounding pace. He had even pursued private clients, calling some out, based on the crimes in the newspapers. The goal was to be busy, to not be able to think. With Luther gone, he didn’t want to resume his dance nights, but the boxing, and the indoor climbing were on. The only exception were his Watson days, when he dedicated his early mornings to his routine, and to writing up his cases, experiments or blog. In this he was doing much better than in his earlier attempts, thanks to John’s modeling. He was now giving research tips along with observation and memory techniques. Comments and responses were quite positive. His wall at home had three different colored pins. Donovan and Harris communicating with him constantly.
“I’m certain that is none of your business. Now I will go see him. If you haven’t ordered to keep me away from him.” John said.
Our men are busy! Building up trust and good feelings is work! They have dates, both with each other and with other people. John will get to meet a very important person that has made a difference in Sherlock's life. He will also witness first hand what it feels like when the man you love goes on a date with a woman. No worries, there will be a beautiful picnic day for the little family. Just know there will be feels! (and kisses!)
“Don’t think too much. Give him a chance first. How about that? I’ll keep in touch, Sherlock.” Mike promised.
Tara Lestrade looked absolutely stunning. She, her brothers and her dad left in a limousine with Harry and Clara, and the girls. A very nervous Mycroft, the parents, John and Sherlock and Anthea went in another.
whom have done much hand holding and loving this week, so I could post this chapter. Once again, cases for me are secondary to the developing (or redeveloping) relationships
I must also acknowledge one of my favorite ever beach stories, an outstanding WIP
John saw Sherlock dance like a demigod. Couldn’t keep his eyes off of him. Sherlock swept through the hall. Danced with every lady present. Donovan, Molly and Tara repeatedly. Damn body memory. Felt like desire.
Rosie couldn’t deny it anymore. She felt like crap. Even when the thought of leaving her tennis team minus one made her sorry, the thought of playing tennis was worse. Her head hurt terribly and the lights in the hall had made her stomach roll. Her ears felt full of sand. She raised her hand. “Yes Rosie? “ Ms Lane did a double take, instantly looking concerned “I don’t feel so good” she said as she tried to stand up and fainted, instead.
Talking about new officers, D.I Harris and Sherlock were deep in conversation. The Yarder said something, while Sherlock looked at the floor. When he raised his eyes, his expression was gentle. He put his hand on the D.I’s arm, moving a little towards the man. He said something and Harris nodded, Sherlock walked away. He passed by John, stopping at the entrance. John said his goodbyes and caught up with him. “Well, that was fun. Did you get anything from it?”
“What about Sherlock, you idiot? How did he feel about it? Wasn’t he irrationally jealous of Sholto?” Harry was practically pulling her hair.
Sherlock had not realized how many people came with them; the Stamfords, Nyla and both her moms, Molly and Bill, Mrs. Hudson, Harry and Meghan, and Lestrade; hadn’t he seen Mycroft? The girls had their own table. People seemed content talking amongst themselves. Angelo came to whisper something to John and gave him a packet. He got up and took Sherlock by the hand and led him to a private sitting room.
When the song ended, the guest took their seats, the grooms sat on a decorated bench, and John held Sherlock’s hand. Mike made a show of stretching, moving his head around and started, “If anyone has something important to do, in the next three hours, too bad. That is how long we will be here.”
“Of course I don’t! You do, which is why I’m here.” Sherlock gave him his widest fake smile. “Relax, I’m all done.”
“Yes! Everyone was there, it was part of what made it overwhelming for him. Though he conducted himself impeccably. That night he came to our flat and spent the night with Rosie. Her name is Rosalie now.” John beamed as he told her.
The dinner at the pizza place was a success, thought John. They went to one of the more modern pizzerias, where they let you make your own pies. Rosie had her own personal pie, something with pineapple and ham, called a “Hawaiian” pizza. Sherlock protested, “Why Hawaiian? What is Hawaiian about cheese and pineapple? If they wanted veracity, it should have “Spam” instead of ham. That is the most consumed processed meat in that place. It is a salty, greasy monstrosity. Watson, how can you?”
“Mr Rivers, you did a remarkable job today, thank you and your band.” Sherlock said, noticing it was the tall blond singer missing.
“Sta...Very well then.” answered Sherlock, and it was a start.
-Is it lunchtime? I’ve been busy. SH
“You got the clocks, you got your killer, I explained his motives to you, I even talked to the families. I’m sure you can manage to remember how I solved it, you were in fact Right.There! Now I have things to do, so off you GO!!” Sherlock hissed.
“Were you with John?...” Greg couldn’t help himself.
John came out with the clothes and the paper slips in a bag, feeling accomplished. The two other men paid him no mind, as D.I. Harris was holding on to Sherlock’s arm as Sherlock was flat out laughing at some joke they shared. “How can your SI take things like that! I thought Lestrade had it hard with the group back in London!”
John’s complaints about his work hours had turned into hatred of cases over 5s. He stopped helping with cases in any and every way. Sherlock, given John’s reluctance to admit their relationship to anyone other than their most intimate friends, his silence in the flat, his anger and the lack of all and any kind of affection, chose to work harder, more challenging and rewarding cases, to make up for his total lack of competence at home. So now, what was last night about? Certainly not physical need. Apparently, John had someone to do “naughty” things with. (How Sherlock hated not being able to forget those texts). Had he ever missed sex with him? He had certainly been a good little catamite, hadn’t he (stupid, stupid!). Had John been missing “Gianna”? Sherlock had just been available, and certainly willing, gagging for it. Why wouldn’t John take what was so voluntarily given. Sherlock felt used...and discarded.
John took his arms down and grabbed his hands, “Sherlock, breathe. Look at me, love. There is so much wrong with what you are proposing. First, you are not alone. You chose to be in a relationship with me. Remember when I told you I am yours? So now your life is not your own. Keep your hands off of it. Let go of any idea about embarking a mission on your own. If it is not safe enough for me, it is not safe enough for you. It is both of us or neither of us. So he said he will burn the heart out of me. Believe me I would rather it burn with you by my side than be left behind, thinking you could be tired or sick, captured, tortured or dead! I couldn’t survive that, Sherlock, you wouldn’t find me here if you left me!”
Sherlock and John proceeded to follow Farris. They had needed a couple of days, to be able to contact her. She was terrified. The situation had gotten completely out of her control. She agreed to talk, if they could assure her protection. Sherlock deduced the nature of her experiments, down to her failure to consider the gravity of the adverse effects of her attempts to regulate people’s immune systems, which could vary from fungal infections, like the intense one Bennes had contracted, to lymphomas. John conducted the interview, which they recorded, and reassured the frightened scientist that she would be protected by the authorities, in exchange for information about the foreign group sponsoring her.
“Perfect! Now go out and do more with her. Maybe you can take her dancing.” Sherlock blinked for half a minute.
“Mycroft Holmes.”
After a long time, John got up and checked the bedroom. Rosie was sleeping in the bed. Sherlock was sitting against her bed stand, slumping, his head against the bed frame, his long finger hooked with one of hers. John took a blanket and covered him up, not daring to wake him, and knowing he would hurt like hell next morning.
“That would be me. Many happy returns, Jackson.” Sherlock was trying to remain calm as he had just learned Watson referred to him as “her dad” to her friends.
“Sherlock, have you thought of it...three weeks, brother. Are you feeling any better?” Mycroft was trying, this time around, to be supportive and patient. Greg was a great help, but it was a challenge, to see one’s only brother, wasting away, for not wanting to admit to needing help.
John looked after them until they drove away. He cursed himself for not having walked with Sherlock hand in hand, when the consulting detective had been his.
Sherlock talked a bit about some of his solo cases, even sharing some gossip about Donovan, whom he had seen there, and at the breakfast nook he frequented with Watson, with DI Rodriguez, head detective of the Drug Administration division, with whom she had bumped heads over a case with last year, and now was apparently dating. They talked about how easily Rosie maintained contact with her friends over the summer break, and of course about the wedding.”
John, who had just sat down for a beer after chiding himself, sighed. Silly of him to think the posh boy could take care of Rosie by himself for the whole weekend. Now they were in his flat. But John wasn’t allowed back home, oh no! If Sherlock and Rosie thought they were subtle, they were wrong. He knew they both bent over backwards to keep him out of 221b. Not that he cared.
“I’m on my way, don’t. Wait for me, I’m coming Sherlock. You are not alone.” John said fiercely.
“Sherlock, that wasn’t because of the wedding! It was because John was marrying the wrong person! He was determined to love Mary but he didn’t. The relationship didn’t fail because of the wedding, it failed because one of them was an unrepentant liar and an assassin, and the other was in love with his best friend. John is so determined to make this day special for you. He has done so much! It means so much to him. And to Rosie. She is over the moon about this. I know you love the idea of being John Watson’s husband. He has a bespoken suit being made for him. Finally after all these years of loving him, you get to marry him. Dress up and celebrate with your friends.”
John pulled him into a hug and kissed him to Mike’s protests that, “Hey, I didn’t say you could kiss the groom, you wanker! You haven’t signed anything yet! Get your arses over here and bring your witnesses!"
“Maybe we are just bold kind of blokes…” John said smoothly, “... as we’ll both be working cases and I’ll be writing them up.” Oh John recognised Molly was jealous. It was apparent Sherlock had not made his orientation clear to her.
“OK! I’m going to tell my grandpa! He loves detectives!! He will be thrilled there’s one at my party. Pleased to meet you, Mr. Holmes.” Jackson ran along.
Sherlock sighed: “Must we go over all the ancient history? One psychiatrist said it when I was eleven. Later on, I was classified as being on the Autism Spectrum, either Asperger’s or PDD-NOS, depending on who you ask. I also have been diagnosed as having comorbid SDS. Obviously, my cognitive skills have not been affected.”
He sat up, his mind suddenly clear, and hurried out of the bedroom looking for him. He found John in the living room, video chatting with Harry and turning the computer away from Sherlock’s naked body. Unfortunately, she got an eyeful and started cheering.
At that moment, John would have given a lot to feel Mrs. Hudson’s hand on his shoulder. His voice was shaky; “Did she hear…?”
Nyla made a face. “I think it’ll be fine. He’ll be happy. It’s you after all.”
- Are you sure this is what you want? SH
Sherlock smiled at her as she talked, not taking in really what she was saying, just basking in her presence.  She smelled so good. She looked exactly like her father today. He felt her hands on his face. She even sounded like him when she said: “Hey...Earth to Sherlock. You haven’t noticed something really different about me. What is wrong?”
“Marcel. Uncle Rudy’s partner. He was the one who taught me about bees.”
“Not this time, Nadine and her family will join us at some nice beachy location for a long weekend. Luther spent
“I want to make up for the times I wanted to kiss you, and I didn’t. There are some kisses that haunted me in dreams since the moment they didn’t happen. Can I try?”
“Now who wants ancient history? My sister. She is my drive. Patricia was moderately autistic. Her language and sensory were compromised. She had the ability to understand and retain concepts, she obtained information about topics she found interesting and she was able to communicate when she was given the time and the medium to do so. Unfortunately, my parents were not wealthy people, though they did the best they could. When they aged, and my father was incapacitated with an injury, they had to send her to auspice. I did everything I could for her, but it wasn’t enough. She survived there for two years. I’ve seen enormous progress in this field, but it still is not enough. I will work with you to the best of my abilities, Mr. Holmes to ensure that you feel confident enough in your own self, to be able to function as you desire, with the people who matter to you.
…” Sherlock was reaching out, calling his ex-lover of over a decade ago. (Adrian help me...Look! She...killed me! Help me...don’t leave!)
“I can do you better now. Guest room.”
Molly Hooper greeted him with a fake smile, when Mike said, “Molly, meet Sherlock’s new flatmate, our new locum, Dr John Watson!”
The next day, Mrs H called out, “Sherlock! One of your… irregulars!”
My dear betas
Dr. Sternbach came back and walked to him again. “Thought maybe you would want to know he was calmer, going into the train. I asked him if he needed some time, or company. He had me go with him to show me how to get the oyster card and how to read the maps. When we said our goodbyes, I asked him what he planned on doing when he got to London.  He said he just wanted to get home to his friend?”
“Yeah, she’s our landlady, but more like our adoptive mum. Would you mind telling me what happened?”
The next couple of weeks went by in a flurry of activities. John had meetings with the people in charge of the veterans. There was a very important conference coming up, at the same time as the Holmes-Lestrade wedding, and that had been a point of conflict between him and Sherlock. On the other hand, Sherlock left for Scotland for a three day case, following a suspect accused of murdering his wife for the insurance, then hacking the computers to redirect funds from the bank he worked for to an account under what Sherlock deduced was his alias. John thought the fact that Sherlock had not answered his texts had been a revenge for the conferences. Sherlock assured him it wasn’t, the remote village where he had found the guilty party had terrible phone reception. He had shown him a string of unanswered texts from Donovan, Mycroft and Mrs Hudson as well as his. This incident aside, the men continued exercising together, going out with Rosie, and spending time together at John’s flat.
“John! Good to see you! Rosie alright? I’ll see her tomorrow.” Sherlock greeted.
“Sorry, Rosie and I wanted to take a chance and surprise you with the song. I have another surprise for you. I need you to focus.” John said, he was crouching in front of the armchair Sherlock was sitting in, head in his hands. He raised his face, looked at John and froze.
“Would you like some tea?’ John asked.
When he got there, after almost an hour, he started feeling a little suspicious. ‘What are you up to Mike?’ he thought. He saw a police car close the tube station exit, a tall bearded man, “Detective Inspector Harris?“ he asked. Mike had promised Donovan was not the attending.
That was when I believe she started using the TD-12 on us, putting it in our food, tea, any way she could. The drug accumulates in the body. It brought upon mental confusion. We weren’t alright, by any means. John kept me away, he became angry with himself and with me, for a long time.
The ring was heavy, 24 carats, with a very intricate design. Shaped like a barrel, the ring covered most of Sherlock’s first falange. The top edge said; “In Service Of The British Army”, the back showed the Lion and crossed swords insignia and the front bore the name Watson, in stately letters. On the inside were the words; “loyalty, duty, respect, love”. John put the ring on Sherlock’s finger. It stuck a little on his knuckle, then sat loosely around the finger.
Also I am so thankful to my dear readers! Thanks for continuing with this story, and for leaving kudos! To the constant commentors (commentators) please know that you have lifted my spirits and inspired me to continue writing, also checking and making sure I have done these characters justice! Your opinions and suggestions are valued and your kind words, treasured. Thank you all!!
*********
“It’s not me you have to be scared of, you sorry excuse of a villain. It’s both of us, we come in a pack. I am a soldier and a warrior; a crack shot. I can also name every bone in your body as I break it. It’s Sherlock though, who will out win you.”
“No. I did date  women for the first six months. I didn’t have sex with all of them. None of them held my interest beyond the first couple of dates…”
Lestrade took a look around the flat. It looked as if it had been hit by a natural disaster. Hurricane Sherlock. “If you were any less of an arse, I might have stayed to help you, as it is good luck with that!!” Lestrade turned and stomped down the stairs, leaving Sherlock to his cleaning.
They had a pleasant evening with Molly there.  Rosie was very happy to have her men together under the same roof. She played chess with Sherlock, and she sang some songs with her Karaoke app. She insisted both men put her to bed.
They started the delicious process of undressing each other. They had it down to an art now, their relationship had passed the two month mark, though John still got the thrills when he thought about it; ‘Sherlock Holmes is
Sherlock sat up a little, threading his fingers through John’s hair. “I’m arguably sober, John. Say.”
“I didn’t want to spoil this.” he said, showing the two of them with his hand. “I didn’t ever mean to stay at the conference, to miss the wedding. What I want is to dance with you. I want you to…” His words got lost in his nerves, as he tried to swallow the knot in his throat and his eyes moistened up.
They fixed their disheveled clothing as best they could. Then he kissed John deeply; “Thank you John.”
Sherlock thought about it before talking it over with Watson: “Some people are narrow minded, because they don’t know any better and believe families should be only what they have grown up used to. We have the privilege of knowing that you can choose the people that you love to be your family. I know I can’t be your mother, but as a parent, I strive to do everything possible to care for you, keep you safe, and content and answer your questions. I do believe your classmate was looking for information on a topic she is not knowledgeable about. You did so well talking to me about this. We must communicate to know what is on the other’s mind.”
********
“At ease, Captain. This mission is not yours to command. Shower.” he said, assertive yes, but kind.
“What do they say?”
and the lovely
“John!” He managed before John was at it again, getting an enthusiastic response this time. He heard giggles from the people who passed by, as he released his fiance, whose cheeks had the most beautiful shade of pink on them. Rosie had found a seat and had ordered for them all, pointing at them when the waitress asked where her parents were. Now she sat with a big smile on her face.
“I’m going to stay here for a bit. I don’t really trust myself right now.”
When the song ended, Sherlock looked up at the DJ, nodded and left. DJ found him right outside the staff entrance, smoking. They introduced themselves. “Sherlock” and “Luther”,said DJ in a voice lower and gruffier than Sherlock’s own. Sherlock took a good long look at him. This attractive man was so different from John Watson, they might as well be from different planets. Sherlock liked that a lot. Outside, towering over Sherlock, the older man was sex on legs: tall, dark skin and eyes, looking drop dead handsome in his black shirt, muscles clearly defined, commanding, and very attractive.
“What are you talking about? The latest one was for the start of the school year!” His posh voice booming.
The detective still looked skeptical; “See, you are making it sound like I always focus on them, and it’s not true. I have a scheduled slot to think about their needs and it’s a minimal part of my time, I assure you.
8 years, 7 months, 14 days. Oh well, things of more importance had ended without meeting the 10 year mark. He went home. That business was best left to the dark. Many users who recur after a bout of sobriety end up dead by overdose, having forgotten how much to dose. Something to keep in mind.
“Of course we are. Dress in your darkest clothes, bring your gun. We are returning to the bowels of London.” Sherlock said with a smile.
Here go two offerings very different one from the other. In no particular order,
John and Sherlock have each acknowledged that help was needed to addresss the issues that led them to their break up. Each is at work with a therapist. John has finally opened up to Beverly and they are discussing topics he has had challenges with. Sherlock trusts Dr Q with advice and with helping him gain some objectivity.
“Can I ask something that has nothing to do with traveling?” Alison piped up. “Since you and Rosie are here?”
“Who said we were going to the Holmes’? We are going to Cardiff…”
- Fine. See you then. SH
“Hello Molly...good to see you. How is your cat? And your boyfriend, Toby?”
********
“Where would I go? I’m home, here with you.” John answered.
“We are getting along just fine. He invited me to work cases with him. I’m going to do it.” John said, and saw Mike’s smile widen.
“It’s not conspiring when people get together to give a common present, Sherlock.” said Mrs. Hudson, as she gave him a gift of two thick tomes of  “The Beekeeper’s Manual”.
“He’s bi, right? He’s dated women and men?”
Mrs Hudson, looked everywhere. “Well, Sherlock has a few new friends, John. He has been working on his social behaviors.”
(Gloucestershire -Artic Quest)
“But you want more, right?” she said. “You’re going to take the break up back?”
John came to them then, saying “Hullo.” and placing a hand on Sherlock’s shoulder. The man’s demeanor didn’t change.
“How about homework? It’s battle royale at mine’s”
He seemed to run out of steam, or words then.
“Sherlock, we don’t have to do anything you aren’t ready for.” John could see Sherlock was affected, even a bit insecure. He wished he could make this easier for him.
A heartfelt thank you to my marvelous betas and friends,
Sherlock had asked. He asked. John took a minute to catch his breath. “OK, yeah. Careful out there.” John looked after the detective, who now took his characteristic speed and flew out of the window up the fire escape.
She listened to him, got up to get them each a bottle of ginger beer. “You looked really anxious tonight. I would have thought you’d be over the moon to be back with old man John. You looked anything but.”
“Yes, fine. It’s just, tomorrow is a Watson day. I don’t want her to remember me, as I remember my mother. As I was growing up, nothing I did was important enough for her to take time away from work. No science exhibition, no research project, no musical concert. My parents never knew the extent of my social problems, or of my isolation. Mum didn’t really know me. I want Watson to feel differently. I want her to know she is important to me, and be confident that I know her.”
“Drugs, Sherlock?”asked John. The idea of it saddened him.
“She wouldn’t have come if I had. And you see, they hit it off.”
“You thought of me.”
“Oh, so  that’s it! You are ok with me leaving, then?” John asked, smiling and huffing a little incredulous laugh.
“I thought so, Gregory also picked it. Thank you for the cases brother, I’m happy you are up to your usual speed.”
This last said with such disdain Sherlock felt bad for the man.
Our men open a tentative communication line, and lay out some serious feelings. Rosie and Nyla have fun with an experiment at 221B and their parents do too. Mango rum, anyone?  John is feeling a bit left out. Sherlock reassures him. Then, the mysterious messages Rosie is getting. It turns a bit interesting, when the perpetrator is revealed.
“Jackson’s grandfather. We know each other. We are...good friends.”
Across the dinner there was a big room, the library that John had said he had wanted, with floor to ceiling bookshelves, rolling library ladder included, covering a whole wall, and a media center with three computers, a fax and a copier, a file cabinet, two rolly chairs, a proper desk on the other side. A large sofa, which seemed big enough to be a daybed, was against the window wall.
“Oh, Sherlock, you are beautiful, extraordinary, sweetheart. Is this alright?”
Sherlock looked, puzzled. “John. I can’t say I see a resemblance. Maybe his coat looks like my Belfast.”
“Oooh Meg, hurry, huuurrryyy!!”
“I only agreed to consider working with the program so we could open something similar at Barts. It would mean a couple of conferences here and at Coswells. I have no idea where Fazel got the commute plan. I have never even met the man! Please, Sherlock. You and Rosie are the most important people in my life. I would never accept a position that would take me away from you!! Please believe me love,” John could barely contain his panic.
At the intro to “We Could Be Heroes” Sherlock asked Greg to dance. Both men laughing, but dancing admirably well together, in a simple but quite sexy choreography with Sherlock leading, as always. There were coordinated steps, both dancing together and apart, with much shaking of Sherlock’s magnificent arse. John thought those two must have practiced dancing at Bakers Street, during Greg’s ‘weekly lunches’ with Sherlock. Though they had to have practiced more than once a week to get to this level. He felt it again, that little anger that Greg should get that close. Irrational, that. People went crazy, hooting, clapping, taking pictures. Other dancers joined in, and continued after the song ended. Finally, Sherlock came over to stand next to him at the bar, breathing heavy, sweating, tired, asking for another whisky.
The men talked a bit about Molly, and her approaching birthday. John asked Sherlock about his boxing, and talked about his cross training. Once the olives and the mushrooms had been completely picked off, and Rosie ate three of the six small pieces of her pie, John asked for a giant “brownie” with walnuts and vanilla ice cream for them all to share. Sherlock looked at it dubiously, saying he had eaten enough already, but of course gave in to temptation and digged into the delicious concoction, ending up in a race to see who could eat the most spoonfuls of brownie/ice cream together.
“Why would I take it off? Aren’t we about to have dinner?” asked Sherlock, his expression uncomprehending.
As they exchanged numbers. John asked, “So, you’ve known him for long?”
The songs in this chapter are "You'll Be In My Heart" covered by Reese Oliveira, and "I Hope You Dance" as covered by Ronan Keating. Find them at the
He took John’s hand and carelessly opened the door, almost hitting D.I. Harris with it. The poor man’s eyes grew wide when he saw them.
John took the flannel that he had lay out next to the bed and cleaned himself with it, then went to clean Sherlock’s tummy, but the man wouldn’t let him. “No, I’m fine, I’ll use the toilet later.”
Of course, now Sherlock wouldn’t meet his eyes. “That was… unexpected John. Mhm, not unwelcome though.”
John tried to produce a half intelligent response. He tried to keep the panic he felt out of his voice. “Sherlock, Fazel was lying. Remember he was pissed by your deductions yesterday?  He heard a rumor, and told you about it to hurt you.”
“Nah, Wiggy is tripping. Want me to come back?”
“This concludes my interview with you. You will now be at the tender mercy of D.I. Donovan, who has been listening. She does not take endangering little girls lightly.” Sherlock fled the room, before he forgot the cameras, and his usual non-violence towards women policy.
“Are you OK?”
All Sherlock wanted now was find John and escape with him, but the younger men were not done talking.
(See the end of the chapter for
who helped me with literally last minute editing! Also thank you to my amazing readers! You make this journey so much more fun! I'm grateful to find people do like the visions in my head.
John looked at the girl, about 14 years old. She looked tall and thin, and resembled Sally quite a bit. She had left her hair natural, it was riotous in a soft curly nebula. She held her diploma and had a mile long smile. “Malia is beautiful,” he said.
“I will guide you to better manage your challenges. I have dedicated myself to finding ways of helping adults who are neurologically divergent or mentally ill. I have researched, consulted with specialists, argued with the conventional, closed minded ones, and tailored my assistance to each individual. Do you have a diagnosis of psychopathy?”
Sherlock gave him a rather odd look before saying:
“Somebody who knows the community of homeless veterans, and is willing to give of their time and travel to where they are. You ask for a lot, Sherlock.” Said Mike, but he was smiling, his eyes twinkling. “...I’ll see what I can do, alright? Don’t get your hopes up.”
“Why did you hand the case over to Donovan? Are you alright?" John looked at him.
John sat next to him, grabbing his extended hand, putting his other hand in his hair. “I’m here, love. I’m here. Talk to me in English…”
“Well we may go inside and talk. I really want to know why you feel you have to stay away from me. I thought we agreed to work on this together. To talk about what we’re feeling.” John hoped his serene voice could calm Sherlock down.
This chapter earns the story's "E". The men finally move in to Baker Street. Mrs Hudson is delighted. She is so happy to have a doctor in the house. She is even happier for Sherlock.  He comes across John's memory box and helps himself to its contents. Fortunately, John is not really upset. They collaborate with Lestrade to try and discover the identity of the man who seemed to know both Sherlock and John. It is not so easy to narrow down the identity of the man, and who he is working with, but Sherlock is finding that with John, things are definitely better, and new experiences are easier when collaborating.
Then he spoke to Ms Burns’ personal assistant, “Think. Where is there a landline phone close to a closet, or hiding place? It wouldn’t be a classroom in use. We need to look for her, she might be hiding.”
“Stop that right now. I’m not ‘people’! I absolutely do not need or want a break from you. Since I was here, I got to thinking that this room is one more floor removed from Mrs Hudson’s acute sense of hearing.”
Sherlock hid his face in John’s neck “God John, you remembered!”
"Look mate, I’m sorry. What about Ella? Maybe you can ask her for pointers to help the men open up and answer questions?”
As always thanks to my gorgeous and multi-talented betas,
“Hello there mate! I’m D.I. Greg Lestrade. I’ve just heard an earful about you!” At this Sherlock glanced up at the man and rolled his eyes. He was still dressed in John’s t-shirt and had added his washed, though sorry, blue jeans.
“Yes, Little Bee. I am. I have an illness in my mind. It makes me tired and my thoughts are a little mixed up. But, Mike is being my doctor. He is helping. And I’m not contagious.”
She had found a private sponsor, who had assembled a team for her. Lauren conducted human testing in an effort to produce a practical medicine before the UCL team did. She had sent her new “team” to bring her homeless veterans with her targeted diseases to go through clinical trials. The team had posed as medical students working for a local clinic, in order to gain the people’s trust.
***********
Donovan had a look of satisfaction when she said; “No, but if I had to take a wild guess, it had something to do with the gorgeous bloke that came in with him. He seemed enchanted with Himself’s antics.” Sally looked straight at John. “Let him be, Dr Watson. He’s been looking better, healthier.”
John saw Sherlock take a step and go pale. For a moment he looked as if he was going to pass out. He got to him just in time to  keep him from falling. “My foot.. The foot” said Sherlock in a whisper.
John turned Sherlock on his side, laying right behind him. Kissed his neck, made paths on his arms and back with the tips of his fingers, gave Sherlock’s legs some firm touches, his other hand able to caress Sherlock’s chest and tummy. Sherlock reached out and took John’s cock in his hand, firm and fast, just like John liked it and was rewarded by said cock harden even more. John then put his hand on his lover’s cock, which definitely brought upon a loud moan. “Shh love, we have visits.” John let his hands roam, nuzzled his fiance’s neck, marveled in the smell of his hair and was grateful for the chance to have woken up, to have realized that he did not want a life without this enigmatic, overactive, mad posh man. Now, he had a chance to set things right, to really be the two of them against the rest of the world.
Why couldn’t they have talked about this while they were together? What Sherlock said about Greg not being embarrassed about the men knowing they couldn’t live without one another, and about wanting it to be known they belonged to each other...Those were some of the complications they had in their relationship, as John hadn’t known who Sherlock wanted to know about their status. He admitted he had taken Sherlock’s feelings for granted. In the last year he had been so concentrated in Sherlock’s obsession with the Work and his penchant for putting his own life in danger, he had failed to see his own faults.
“Sherlock, your speech is fine. You will do great, just lay off on the name calling, it’s the man’s wedding. Remember, your parents will be there. It’s kind of their day, too. Just take plenty of pictures.”
Luther and John watched him. “Is he always like this?” Luther asked
“One I made myself. I will be a consulting detective. The Yard already consults me when they are out of their depth. Which is always. I just found myself... suspended, due to health issues.”
“Slipping away? We were broken up, John.” Sherlock complained.
Sherlock was surprised. All of the hours playing Karaoke made sense now. The imp had kept this to herself. John, sitting next to him, looked absolutely happy. The bloody sod had known. There was his girl, looking ravishing in a new yellow dress with black lace and black shoes. Little Bee. She looked so nervous, waving hello and taking a bow. Ms. Landon took her place at the piano, and Mr. Rubens, the year 5 teacher, had a cello. Ms. Ruiz had a guitar. Pepsi and Nyla, in similar dresses, stood behind her at a distance, the background singers.
John gathered all the authority his years of the army had given him. “This has gone on long enough! Let him go. Now!”
“Well I did ask him to not behave differently at the Yard or during work. I also asked him not to put it on the blog, for fear enemies would target him or Watson. He did take it seriously. More, perhaps, than I would have liked,” admitted Sherlock.
“Let’s see...that was 14 hours for me, but more for you, cause you just had orange juice and a wee bite. Hudders was mad with you.”
John came in, looking worried and contrite, bringing with him medicine. He checked Rosie, confirming Sherlock’s deduction. John offered to take Rosie home. She responded with: “I am home, John”. And John had three pairs of eyes glaring at him. Sherlock never took his eyes away as he said to Mrs. Hudson, “Mrs Hudson, could you take Rosie upstairs? She needs to rest. Please make sure you take her to her room and close all the doors.”
“He did?” Asked John surprised
“Six years, 5 months and 17 days…” Said Sherlock. “...and what we are, according to what you have repeatedly stated, is ‘broken up’.”
John went to him. Sat next to him on the small couch, brought him into his arms. He looked into Sherlock’s eyes, hoping he could convey how sorry he was for his mistakes, how much he had missed him, how much he felt for him. His hand went through Sherlock’s hair. Sherlock draped himself across John’s chest, hiding his head in the crook of his neck, his hand holding on to John’s comfy blue vest. John moved a gentle hand up and down his back, then reaching to his cheek. When Sherlock raised his head and looked at John, he could still see hurt and doubt in the man’s eyes, in spite of what he had just said. John would have done anything, to take those feelings away. His eyes went wet. Sherlock kissed him, joining their lips as if he were to get burned. Different, so different from the kisses they had been sharing recently, from what they had shared before. These kisses were tentative, soft, loving. Sherlock stood up, taking John’s hand. John lead them to the small bedroom, noting that Sherlock dropped his phone on the bookshelf.
**********
So John took him by the hand, leading him towards the bedroom. “John…” said Sherlock “...you won’t, don’t leave… after this, don’t leave me.”
Out of options, and with no way to communicate with Sherlock, John had to continue to go on with his life.   However, he learned distance and silence really did make the heart grow fonder. It wasn’t easy to be broken up, and moved out, when your ex-partner was ignoring you, and maybe even moving on without you. Ex partner. John found himself thinking about Sherlock constantly, what was he doing, was he taking care of himself, would he ever see him again. The possibility of their fight being the last time they talked, made him want to break down.
*********
Sherlock only nodded, made an indistinct hand gesture and went inside. John wasn’t fooled. He was flustered and speechless because it had meant something.
“Busy. Case. Bored.”
“It’s your first time. I want it to be more pleasure than pain.” John remembered Sherlock saying men had wanted to take this from him. He wanted his detective to feel cherished. His own over enthusiastic, weeping cock could wait.
“Yes! John’s date has the evening off this week so...oh! Sorry!”
That made things easier. Luther started talking about the harnesses, belays, rappels and carabiners, obviously more than just a casual fan of the sport.
“That’s the point. It’s permanent. No guessing, no fretting.” John offered him a pen.
“I believe there was some of that at John’s end too, but he is quite self-assured. I think he was confident I wanted to be with him, although he might have not been thrilled to have a double date.”
This story
*********
John took a picture of the license and went into the mom and pop shop, where the owner, who knew he was a Vet, lent him his old motorcycle. John found the blue van, slowed down by the London traffic. The driver calmly smiled as he drove.
Those had been better times). The laundry room; (
“Mr. Holmes! Hello! Could I talk to you a minute?” It was the singer of the band.
“Why do you insist on reminding me of every reason I shouldn’t even consider this? Fine. John had maintained contact with Sholto. I hadn’t been aware of it. I saw emails from ‘Hearts for Africa’ but I read through one that was a request for donations and never looked at them again. I was supposed to respect John’s privacy. Anyway, Sholto had told John about his relationship and his breakup, his return to London. He was devastated. Looking for old friends, to listen to him. John went out with him, got drunk with him. Then, he invited him over. When we were alone, the General asked me if I was ever going to make a move on John. I understood it then. Sholto had been in communication with John, through email but he didn’t know. John and I had been together almost five years. Five years, and he didn’t consider our relationship worthy of telling Sholto.
“Your stag night.” Sherlock pointed his bourbon glass at him. “We were playing some ridiculous game. I remember you asking me if you were pretty. I wanted badly to ravish you.”
“Nervous much?" Nyla was one of her back up singers. Pepsi and Jackson would sing with her, too.
John turned on his stomach, giving Sherlock full view of his buttocks. “Now massage my thighs. Do you remember the right pressure? Careful with the bad one.” It was a plot, his leg was fine.
So John took Sherlock to his tiny bedsit. Sherlock took a long shower, putting on some of John’s pajamas, that fit him loosely and were ridiculously short on his limbs. They set an extra mattress on the floor next to John’s bed, and John introduced Sherlock to James Bond, as the incipient Consulting Detective stopped his 7% solution usage cold turkey. And when he spiked a fever, John covered his body with cool, wet rags when he was sick, John made him some ginger tea to settle his stomach, and when the cravings hit him hard they turned on the telly to the “Great British Bake Off” to fight with the cast of the show. Or John would quiz Sherlock about medicine which he knew about, quite a lot. He quizzed him on pop culture which he knew nothing about. John also made Sherlock listen to modern music he liked, while Sherlock made him listen to classical. He also discovered Sherlock could talk non-stop. Initially, about everything under the sun. John then redirected, and they ended up sharing much of their pasts, and getting to know each other, which was something John had never done before as quickly or intensely, with a new friend.
by the ultra talented
“Yes, alright. It’s just; John, no one has ever offered that to me. Plenty of men have wanted to penetrate me, but never the other way around. Now you. You rescued me, and listened to me and I, I have feelings about you. Frankly, this scares me, John.”
Her story
Sherlock huffed and rolled his eyes, turning his back on John once more, missing the dazzled expression on the doctor’s face. Lestrade didn’t miss it though, and smiled.
Sherlock turned around and looked surprised to see him, “John?”
"She is so happy you came with her. It looks like you are both enjoying this.”
They had a room to themselves, far from home. They kissed, John taking his time on his partner’s neck, licking and kissing and nibbling, feeling Sherlock’s heart speed up, hearing him moan and at times giggle. They stayed on the rug in the little living room, until their touches and kisses heated up, Sherlock was squirming  and both of them were panting. John, his heart starting a fire in his body, still not believing his luck that Sherlock wanted this with him. Nonetheless, of the two, John seemed the one better able to think, so he stopped and stood up, taking his lover by the hand and guiding him to the bedroom.
“Yes Luther. I want to go with you. Sorry about your plans, you can still go about your evening, I will wait for you…” All of the sudden, Sherlock wanted to go now, before he changed his mind.
Pretty Ms. Ruiz turned her big brown eyes from Sherlock to John. John cleared his throat. This was just the kind of oversharing that drove him crazy, but it was already done  “The correct term for what we are…” He said, looking at Ms. Lane; “...is ‘broken up’.”
“I want to experiment with that beard. I want to find out how it feels... on me.” Sherlock gasped at the words that had just escaped. John turned around and looked at him.
*Wiggins managed to talk to an old professor of his, Dave Sping and take a peek of the list of researchers, instead of having the whole research department taken over by Scotland Yard. An ICTM researcher could not have an operation like the one killing the veterans. The research team, which was conducting translational research on autoimmune diseases, had signed confidentiality contracts.
“Yes. You know Dr.Gates?” Sherlock asked, surprised.
“This person is quite younger than the rest of the missing veterans, though. And in the others no one noticed marks on the fingers.” Sherlock said, thinking aloud.
“God, I’m sorry John! I seem to not be in control of my mouth!” He paced from one end of the room to the other. “I was looking forward to seeing you again, I missed you. I wanted things to go back to normal, but you came home looking like that, and
Rosie was delighted to wake up to see Sherlock sleeping next to her. In reality he had only gotten in bed, fully clothed, an hour before. They got up, deciding Rosie was going back to school, it was the day to present her experiment. Nayla was taking the picture album they had put together, and Rosie and John had given the final artistic touches to the tri-fold she was taking. Charlie was going to the school to assist and take pictures. It was Sherlock’s day so he was taking Rosie’s overnight bag with her things. They did have breakfast together, with Sherlock drinking only the coffee and making sure he and John were not alone one second, escaping as soon as Watson was ready for school.
Greg and Mycroft came to sit next to him and have a drink. “So, are you going ‘Under the umbrella?” laughed Greg.
*******
They heard Ms. Lane’s announcement: “Every year a child is picked to sing a solo for their own cause. This year, the chosen singer asked to sing to a very dear family member, a song chosen by herself…” This was Rosie’s cue to go to the stage. “Ladies and gentlemen, families and friends, our soloist for the night, Ms. Rosie Watson!"
“Are you sure she was not taken by anyone? Do you have cameras at the exits?”
“That self righteous, arrogant bastard!”
-It’s alright, love. We’ll get our dance. Want to come over to the flat tomorrow evening? We can prepare dinner and then take Rosie out for a walk at the park.
Sherlock was decidedly in a strop. This case was prolonging itself, more people were disappearing, and Donovan would have no alternative but to close the case, due to lack of concrete evidence. Even with Harris and John looking out for any kind of clue, Sherlock simply wasn’t concentrated enough to make the connections. There had been other, interesting, urgent cases, he took care of.
“Absolutely not!”
“It hasn’t even been reported as a missing person, correct?”
“What are you? Twelve?" asked Sherlock, but he ran behind John, though he let him win. They got to the place behind where the waves broke, and Sherlock played, splashing John, until John went to him, hugged him and kissed him there, mindless of anyone around them. Sherlock stepped back before they got too carried away.
They took a taxi to the train station, and when Rosie didn’t see Sherlock she didn’t worry. He was probably already at grandpa’s. She had a feeling they were going the wrong way in the station, but she was suddenly panicked she hadn’t brought Bee with her and she brought her backpack in front of her to rummage through it, finding him immediately. She closed the backpack and got on the train.
“You came, John. You actually did.”
“Not really, we sort of talked through Rosie. She noticed it, and hates it.”
The men are together at last! They are both working to make this time better than before. The past has ways to budge into their lives, but new ways must be found to deal with it. Therapy has helped John accept that people can grow and change for the better, no matter who they came from. Living together again, celebrating occasions big and small strengthens a relationship. Expressing a desire to live with a person for the rest of their life, also shows love and growth. A home for their future, will be the stage to their commitment.
“Dr. Watson…,” said Fazel quietly.
-Yes. We cheered to our ex-partners. I found it quite easy to talk to her. We discussed single parenting. She and Lizbeth collaborate less than us, apparently. SH
“Good morning beautiful… mmm, it certainly smells good here.” Bill said, nuzzling her neck.
“Yes, it did happen, while I was unknowingly under the influence of hallucinatory drugs, at the time we were working out what my wife had been doing. I felt horrid about the incident. I confess I started drinking. I ended up going to anger management therapy for years. It was the worst of times, and I have never laid a hand on him in anger again. However, my sister helped me realise I did criticise him harshly, make fun of him and singled out his mistakes. Harry said I was behaving like my emotionally abusive, dead wife.”
“I did, I guess, for a time. I made a friend. I like to dance and met him at a club. We-went out for a while, it was more of a friendly arrangement.”
********
“John, were you talking while this was happening ?”
“Say, Watson’ Said Sherlock, holding her.
“Wow! How recent was this? I don’t remember hearing about it.” said John.
-John, one should not say one is available for cases and then abandon a colleague. SH
When finally, people started congratulating them and trickling away, Mummy and Daddy taking their guests with them, the Wiggins, and the girls, The Watsons and the Stamfords stayed back to do the clean up with the wedding caterers, and the singer came over with his group to congratulate Sherlock.
“Sherlock is my partner, a genius, and a consulting detective of international fame, not ‘a pretty little thing’ for you to gawk at. Furthermore, you and I have never talked, but you had the nerve to tell him made up stories as if we had. Stay the fuck away from us. Doctor.” Last word said with snide. Then he turned around, met Dr. Peters astounded eyes and calmly said “Good day, doctors. Unfortunately some things have come up and I won’t be attending the gala. Have fun though!”
“Is your husband a detective also?”
John sniffed. “The roof. You fell from the bloody roof. You were so still.”
I'm happy to say that all my lovely readers that contacted me got it in one!! My fantasy turned out to not be exclusive! Wishing the best of health and happiness always to all the beautiful actors that inspire these characters.  Let's see what their completely imaginary counterparts get up to (Heed the tags, lovelies, it's on!)
“Commerce. Irene is working with money. A business advisor, working exclusively with the top echelon of society. She goes by a different name now.”
“That would have been when we had just separated.” John stated.
He spoke harshly, but John had the sense it was true. He shook the D.I.’s hand. His offer of tea was accepted, and as John made it, Lestrade went back to showing Sherlock something in one of the files. John saw friendship and familiarity, and felt what he knew to be intense jealousy. Not mitigated by the fact the older man wore a ring. He obviously knew Sherlock well.
“Captain! Run! Do you want to be beaten up?" The being started running, pulling John along.
“All yours,” John whispered “Everything I am, all yours.” He started rocking. John’s brain whited out to the pure sensation of being in Sherlock, the tightness, the slap of their bodies, the leaking of his cock. Hard, fast thrusts, the intensity of their connection burning John up.
“John! So Sarah did hire you. That is great. You alright? After you left, I had an impression that I may have given you the directions wrong. I tried to call you, but your phone wasn’t in service.”
Text message:
“If you mean my latest case, I can gladly hand you a copy of the police report once I sign it. Whether you find industrial espionage and professional betrayal of any interest is up to you. On the other hand, if you would prefer my therapy reports…”
She made bacon butties and eggs, and the coffee he liked as he showered.
(See the end of the chapter for
Rosie felt better. Sherlock was usually able to calm her. Then she thought of something that had been bothering her for a while.
“Wow. I knew you dated, but somehow I never thought he would. You said he’s black, and from the States, then…”
********
As he got in the cab, John looked at his phone and found the problem. Harry had set unknown numbers to hidden. He now saw texts from one number.
Watson’s presence, however, put a stop to his work, except for the mornings before she woke up and the late evenings, after she went to bed. Donovan knew not to call.  Greg and Mycroft were on call for Watson care on the days Sherlock had to go to Dr. Quentin. Mycroft introduced Watson to various board games, as he had done with Sherlock, and Rosie was now very good at them. Greg took her out to the zoo, and to have ice or to the movies.
The three girls looked at each other; “Go ahead”
“I think it was you saying you would be taken care of. The way you said it, with the smile on your face, it sounded like you meant something else.”
This story, this happy ending is dedicated to my own Corazon, my Vitamina A, my One, my OTP. Thank you for your listening to my morning complaints about characters not doing what I wanted them to do (you always laughed, thinking authors have control over what they write.) Thank you for giving me your impartial opinions. Thank you for always answering "Sherlock" when asked what TV show you liked, even when you never watched one episode. Thank you for your support and your love. I'm so grateful we celebrated the happy ending in this story with that surprise Champagne toast in October 2019, when the story was finished! It was an unforgettable moment love. Today, when I press the button to post the last chapter, I will raise my glass to you. Siempre.
Yeah right, thought John smiling, more likely bribery of some sort, be it a show  (please not Unsolved Crimes or CSI), or maybe some kind of treat.
“Please don’t? It's late and we’re alone here. Stay, come on.”
He hadn’t given Lizbeth much thought before, concentrating on his new friendship with Charlie. But listening to her account now, it seemed to him the English woman must have reasons for such an uncharacteristic turnover. He wondered what those reasons could be.
She left him half a dozen donuts, files of cold cases and a pat on his upper arm. Sherlock was quite touched by Donovan’s concern, and he felt a little lighter, for a while.
Two weeks later, Rosie went to Mrs Hudson: “Nana, do you know what happened to Sherlock? He can’t eat, cause he’s doing that thing where he puts the tiny bit of food in and can’t swallow. And he’s complaining about noise. He’s grumpy, but trying to hide it. Did he have a migraine? Or maybe one coming in?
“Well I had a lot of time on my hands, didn’t I? I confess it was Douglas’ idea at first. Stupid Douglas couldn’t write a decent note, and kept making the same spelling errors. He was giving himself away, you know? Truthfully I was quite done with him by that point. However, I tempepd at a computer programming office and the bloke who worked there wanted to impress me by telling me he had collaborated with the government, MI5, I believe, by looking up delicate information. On a lark, I gave him your partner’s name, and Mary Elizabeth Watson popped up. After a bit of eyelash flitting it was easy to get him to unearth her history for me. He was delighted to. I confess I found it fascinating, all that lurid history.
Sherlock looked towards John. who was looking back. It would be so easy...but the months after the last time, had been anything but. He was not about to lose his hard earned progress now.
