Then, there is a flash of bright light outside the window, followed immediately by a shaking, quaking, monstrous roar of thunder, and Sherlock flinches with the severity of it. He shivers afterwards, because water is sliding its way down the back of his neck from his hair. He should've let John dry it more thoroughly.
When a man in a bright blue and gold waistcoat, a tourist come to race, made his appearance before them, asking after someone he'd lost track of. He learnt how unfriendly true people of Thisby were when Sherlock didn't even look at him (he had a gambling addiction, how pedestrian was that?).
Burnt gunpowder. Blood. Asphyxiation. The carpet in his therapist's sitting room had been a terrible red against all the bleak whites.
A shoulder here. An ear there. Half of a foreleg; part of a nose. As if the waves rob their physical forms, recasting them in sea foam.
The old porch creaks under his feet. The pasture grass dotted with morning dew soaks his bare ankles, wet droplets ready to be evaporated by a sun that has not yet risen on the most horrifying day of the year. Gathering clouds stripe across the sky, the stars are more visible out here than they are by Skarmouth. The cold grips him round the middle and nips at his ears.
“Why didn’t you say that before!” Sherlock exclaims. He snaps his mouth shut, teeth clicking. Someone might hear him shouting, and though it’s unlikely anyone will come running, he’d like to avoid the potential discovery.
John meets Sherlock’s gaze. He’s panting, and looks a little dazed. Is he surprised that worked? Sherlock almost calls him amazing, but catches his tongue. Instead, he blinks away the water in his eyes and pushes his hair from its plastered place against his forehead.
Fazed, Sherlock narrows his eyes. Emotion clouds his vision, and when he blinks, it spills over his cheeks again. “I’ve - wanted you, too.”
Last year, and every year past, Sherlock had never taken part of the festivities, or even ventured far into town because of all the excitement.
Sherlock feels small, a figure against the blackness of the island shadow. Walking through the lit streets of Skarmouth won’t be difficult, even with the drunks and unskilled tourists, but once he is in the outskirts, the despairing vulnerability of being alone may kick into his already-frayed system. And, John has Gladstone, who shouldn’t be allowed to walk through Skarmouth’s roads, lest he lash out.
of the story, dearest. I’m the king everywhere. I was the king in London, and I’ll be the king, here. I’m the king everywhere,” He says, “Everywhere I go, doors open for me. In my fairytales, the man with the key is king. And when you own
Sherlock shuts the door to the rusty old Ford. After his brush with the water horse, he’d picked up petrol for the car, and collected Redbeard, who’d trotted alongside the car with the reins mashed in the window on the way back to Mrs Hudson’s house. With the Ford now parked, Sherlock pulls on Redbeard’s reins, leading him into the stable. Mrs Hudson retreats inside the house, tutting. There’s something nervous about her demeanor, like she has more to worry over than Sherlock's whereabouts.
Lestrade looks like he's enjoying this. Sherlock plays with the collar of his coat to shake off some of his own paralysis, to stretch.
The bowler hat’s face twists into something ugly, but he manages it with a laugh full of fake salesmanship and gusto. “Don't know what you've heard from that
The short man from before, Klemp, has returned, near the door. The rain is pounding on the roof and the outside walls. Gladstone’s breathing grows harsher. “Not out there,” Klemp says, “Moriarty’s out there.”
“He’ll seek you out, you know,” Molly smiles. Just behind her, Archie is handing a paper bag to a tourist at the counter. “Oh, that man’s so gone on you. Ever since you met him, you know. I don't think-- I don't think I know of anyone more obsessed with you.”
The water sluices at him, this funnel is filled with packages and tin cans, and something oily layering over the surface of the water, rotting pieces of shipwreck wood slung up against the sides of the quay, water lapping at them. Sherlock wades deeper, losing his footing half a dozen times, calling out to John again and again, feeling the cement wall blindly.
“Hm?” John’s eyes are on the road, reflecting the weak yellow headlights that only pierce several feet ahead in the dark. At least there’s no fog, the car would hardly go anywhere. “No. Do you think I would have? And you were lengths ahead of me, I could barely even recognize you.” Sherlock snorts. John would recognize him anywhere, he’s sure of it.
skull, the bursting shapes of blood and bone all spewing into its brain. Destroying it and the way they turn into the sea.
There he stands, up on the very edges for the high cliffs, where the grass and soil bumps up. The pale yellow stems tremble with the wind blowing inward towards him. Moriarty. It’s hard to make out, but it’s him.
“It’s a game, John. The files held hard evidence to the murder, proof of poison. You said it yourself, in the pub - Moriarty is the biggest importer and exporter on the island. It would be nothing to slip poison into his usual delivery. The fairytale, however, doesn’t point to any one person, unless.” He glances to John, sinking his focus into John’s handsome face. He smiles, tracking the lines around John’s eyes. “Unless, one is already familiar with the murderer. Brilliant, John.”
The hands become arms, become powerful shoulders, become the man Sherlock knows is John Watson. This man helps him down from Redbeard when rain begins to fall, and Sherlock leans heavily into him, too exhausted to argue. Too exhausted to catalogue the safe feelings in the ivory box, locked in his mind.
. His expression must convey this, because Lestrade shakes his head, lingering meaningfully in the doorway.
https://open.spotify.com/user/oliveprobably/playlist/3tcBmaha6iJyc0pSaQstuk?si=7q4C6aU-RzOU8krWHX69BQ
Morning is brisk, and the island is uneasy. It feels as though Thisby has curled up into herself to shield from the all-encompassing wind, and Sherlock almost instantly, the moment he steps outside, clean and ready to meet John at the cliffs, has snot running out of his nose, so he makes sure to tuck a handkerchief into his breast pocket.
Sherlock edges his way into the single line of people leading up to where Janine is writing down names on her blackboard with a neat line of chalk. Her script is elegant, and Sherlock knows she hasn't had one thing to drink all evening. He doesn't think she's ever touched the stuff. There is a gap beneath the labels on the blackboard, before the names start, like a spot has been reserved. The board already has a dozen names and horses on it.
John’s arm twists as Gladstone seizes more rein, crashing his bloodied head into the side of Mary’s face - something horrible pops.
Gladstone and the white mare are fixed together, the mare risen up on her back legs, neck twisted like a renaissance sculpture - beautiful movement, full color, but completely immobile. Not even breath shifts her great rib cage. Because of her color, it is difficult to distinguish between her coat and the white chalk of the cliff faces beyond her, where she begins and the island ends.
What a stupid thing to do. Sherlock is ashamed of how much it distresses him, nevertheless, and the heat of that threat washes over him. He sets his shoulders, tilts his chin up, and the chestnut's gaunt face stretches up to watch him.
“Congratulations, Mr Holmes. It was thrilling - really, it was. Different than any other year, you were truly unique--”
Lestrade says some other inconsequential things. Donovan snarks. Sherlock scowls, holding his magnifying glass over the incision, and wondering if he should announce her business with Anderson to the small crowd of officers nearby.
Sherlock and John are nothing at all, they don’t exist, not while Gladstone is galloping with merely half his might, as if this is nothing more than a walk in the meadow. Redbeard could never match this. He couldn’t dream of it. If Gladstone’s hooves were any sharper, they would pulverize the island below them and turn it into wet mush.
Men press close, laugh and talk, and water horses rear far above anyone’s head several times over, screaming occasionally. The
John’s hand brushes Sherlock’s arm. A squeeze, and he pulls entirely away. His neck burns with the bodily memory of being rasped at by John’s stubble.
The paintings, the classical teacup, the ancient dressers, the old rack of walking canes, everything perfectly aligned against one another. Shadwell was as much of a collector as her killer, albeit chaotic items.
It is sharp, long, and perfect. Should Moriarty come at him, Sherlock’s hand will flash out and he will end the Stockyard owner, end his ruling hand over Thisby. But it is unwise to assume Moriarty will come at him physically at all.
Thrilled, Sherlock continues, “But the lipstick wasn't a purposeful cover. I doubt it was a rash at all, but perhaps a sore of some sort, indicating a weakened or sick immune system. If he was ill,” he says decisively, “there would be much less poison required to kill him.”
“—and so I told him, that lot’s not going anywhere, and he should really buy those teacups while he had the chance—”
Overcome, Sherlock unlocks their fingers, reaching to hold John’s face in his hands. He leans down to press their mouths together, tasting the unique notes of John’s tongue - bright wind, clean seawater, fresh tea. The chill bites his cheeks as John’s nose hits the side of his, kissing him back. He shivers and John sighs, hands coming up to gently ground Sherlock’s arm and waist.
,” Sherlock remembers his father telling him once, on the single occasion Sherlock had been brought down to Skarmouth to watch the festivities and get almost swallowed by the rivers of tourists, “
“This falls to me… I speak for the man that will not race!” Fletcher shouts, his hands up and gestured towards the black sky. The bonfire behind him tinges the edges of his corduroy trousers, waistcoat, and hair orange. It casts his face into shadow.
“Spit it out, Mike,” Sherlock says, discontent evident. His mouth twists into a frown, loathing the long time it’s taking for Mike to speak. For every second that passes, he could be coming closer to discovering the interconnection between each death on the island, and where Moriarty is relative to it all. He could be making John less unhappy.
Sherlock blinks. He looks back to Watson, who's idling by the varnished counter as Janine writes his name on the blackboard behind her. She writes
“And just what am I supposed to think when you bring a man home with you when you’re coming back from the tavern?” She exclaims, hardly doing the job defending herself, “You can call me crazy all you like, I don’t think it’s a very big stretch to leap to.”
He’s not afraid. He’s not. But if he were looking at the water horse right this moment, he would know nothing but fear.
There are some spectators here above the starting point, and a few racing officials in bright armbands and dreary black waistcoats, but most are quickly traveling away and down the line of the cliffs. They’re headed towards the finish line, where the height of the action will be, no doubt. People get suicidal when they’re nearing the end.
Three men dropped from a cliff, hanging out a broadside window and into the ocean - in another time, one of them would be destined to graze John. John did nothing.
Sherlock finally removes his hand from John’s grip, warm and clammy now, and pinches his brow and closes his eyes against an oncoming migraine attributed to all the noise around him. Perhaps he took too hard of a fall on the beach that night of the storm. “He puts it on himself, there's nothing to be had there.”
Moriarty reaches out, and slips his hand to Sherlock's wrist, giving it a firm squeeze that Moriarty allows to linger. Disgust rises in Sherlock's throat, then he begins to taste it on the back of his tongue. Moriarty pulls away, and turns around.
There, an opening in the crowd of tall horses, and Sherlock guides Redbeard through, panic cloying horribly in his ribs, sticking his lungs together. The sand looks different from the finish line as it did from the beginning. It’s the same beach, empty now, pummeled by
“--once the forward payments Mycroft made to you run out next year, and you don't make enough on your teapots to make your own payments, so he’s going to take the house unless you find a way of making more money--”
“You are selfish, wanting a man,” Moriarty says. Sherlock bites his tongue. “We could be so good together. We could talk.”
“Wonderful, join him. Give me five minutes alone so that I may think in peace. You’re clogging up the room and ruining the carpet and you’re
“And what do you think?” Sherlock asks Stamford, his eyes trailing Watson as he leaves. No one touches him. It's not like they ignore him, it's just as if Watson is not in the same place as them. The incoming group by the door swallows him up, and he’s gone.
Moriarty comes to stand a meter or so from Gladstone. It would be no challenge for the horse to leap and crush him, but John pets the stripe on his face, and all air of hurt seems to fade. “Mr Moriarty,” John greets. A pause. “I’m sorry about Hope.” John squints against the wind, his jacket collar blown over his shoulder.
Sherlock hadn’t heard them come in at all. He glances to John, grateful, but John isn’t looking back at him.
The window above the small four-space stove next to the sink - it reminds him of the little view that Gladstone has of the ocean he longs for. Through the thin veil of lace-white curtains, Sherlock can see the lights in the stables on the dark, open land. Farther away is the orange haze above Skarmouth, past the Stockyard’s property but not out of Moriarty’s reach.
It’s a kelpie trick, one that John does not fall for in his wisdom. In its failure, Gladstone does not lunge like any other
It stings. If only Sherlock had looked closer, tried harder. There might have a hundred ways to have avoided the altercation with Mary, the altercation that sealed Gladstone’s fate.
“Second one to the end, and the last one, let’s go -- Klemp, get that out of here! You don't have time for that!” John interjects to shout at an exceptionally short man who is squeaking his way down the walk with a wheelbarrow. A thoroughbred whinnies.
The Scottish man scoffs, “‘Course I ‘mm. Always am.” He pays his tab and gets up to stand, leaving Sherlock with taxonomy to think about. There was more he could've learned, but it's just as well. The Scottish man is very recognizable, long hair and gruff voice and beard. Sherlock will find him another night, perhaps after the Races.
Despite being two inches tall, John doesn’t seem phased by this glare. “You don’t know anything about swords?”
Coming dangerously close to being caught staring, Sherlock leans further back and steeples his hands beneath his chin, closing his eyes. The chair is uncomfortable, but he blocks it out.
He squares his shoulders, drawing in a long breath as they hit the racing beaches. With every movement, he could be doing it for the last time. The last time coming down this hill, the last time pulling himself up into the saddle, the last time being chastised by Mrs Hudson, the last time reaching forwards to calm Redbeard’s shivers and worries.
“If you’re not here to kill me,” Moriarty asks, large and theatrical, glancing around like there’s an invisible audience watching them that Sherlock cannot see, “then what good are you?”
The details jump at him as John fits his key into the lock, the small porch light flickering above. John closes the door behind them, shutting out the cold night and Moriarty’s reach. John does not turn on the overhead, allowing the room to be dimly lit from the softly glowing woodstove and the residual moonlight.
Sherlock nods. “He won’t risk it again, I doubt he’ll even send someone to do it for him. He tried it, once, and it did not work. He won’t repeat himself.” Sherlock squints. Won’t he?
John’s arm tightens, pressing the flat of his forearm to Sherlock’s abdomen, and releases - a stretch, of sorts.
shakes more and more and more, water sliding down and off its grey dappled pelt as it creaks forward, groaning lowly and hungrily--
Although the night is brisk and the wind spits at them, lifting hair and possibly small dogs away, John’s sleeves are rolled up to the elbow, where his fists are wedged beneath, straining his arms and raising cords of sun-touched muscle.
The tide will bring the water horses and the men of the island will try to capture them. The terns will nest in the sheer rocks, and Redbeard will ride moorland trails instead of a beach. The ocean will hush
“It was closer than I thought it was going to be. Much closer. And,” Watson says, drawing Sherlock in with his gaze again, “It’s John.”
The notary uncrinkles the piece of paper, and Sherlock widens his eyes. The wind from the cliffs tosses Anderson’s parted hair, and Sherlock’s curls. It rips through Anderson’s costume, threatens to dislodge his great cape.
Clearly startled, John glances at Sherlock out of the corner of his eye, keeping the rest of his body angled towards the
Gladstone's shark eyes find Sherlock and hook in, and somehow, Sherlock is sprinting back out onto the racetrack. The sand shifts under his feet and his leg starts to give out, knee bending strangely, but there is no room left to care in his head.
, a paper gull cries at him, the distance displayed on its wing, a clipping from the racing reports -- more than enough distance for the other horses to slow, even if they were running full speed at the actual finish line.
The wind beats the grasses down, blowing away a man’s hat. Though overcast, the morning is warm, and the rich sounds of hustled activity and horses fills the atmosphere. New jumps and mounts are flooded over the freshly-mucked pastures, long, decorative planted grasses and more flowerbeds shine in weak sun.
Incredibly, Gladstone perseveres, John is keeping him focused. The night-black water horse tears ahead through a gap between two bay mares who seem to be trotting in comparison.
Sherlock blinks - partially in an attempt to get the water out of his eyes and partially in surprise. They’re in a hurry, aren’t they?
Sherlock sticks the top back on a jar full of plastic straw wrappers, replacing it on an immaculate marble countertop.
alone. Let the sea decide what’s right and what’s wrong.” Watson looks at Hope as the mill workers struggle to get him standing, but he’s speaking to the crowd, to the hundreds of people gathered around the rock.
Through the floorboards, Sherlock can hear John talking to Mrs Hudson downstairs, the words all muffled. In his mind he runs through lists of things they could be discussing, but the conversation ends shortly.
Riding up on his horse, through the rain, Hope is grasping the reins with only one hand. The other is curled up on his lap, like he is on a hissing Hydria. His shoulder is bleeding profusely through the wet, white cotton, and his face betrays a world of pain. Redbeard cowers, taking a few nervous steps backwards. Gladstone’s heavy breaths deepen, and the predatory stance widens. Incredulous, Sherlock watches John.
Sherlock’s dark coat collar is turned up against the thriving wind. John spends an unnatural amount of time staring at his neck.
They are alone, here. Moriarty wears his Stockyard suit, the red emblem emblazoned on his breast pocket. His hair is not slicked. Is this a hint? A nod to Sherlock, ‘
’s and while John returns to his dresser after tossing the smaller towel onto his bed, Sherlock sticks the corner of the towel to remove the water in his ears. And then he swipes the edge along his face and forehead. He feels immeasurably better. He only wishes he knew how Redbeard is doing.
Sherlock’s face flushes, but he keeps markedly cool when he clears his throat. “Ah, yes.” He says, suddenly gaining interest in the mainland magazines on the table. He picks one up and opens it to cover his expression, clearing his throat again. It’s a moment before he continues, considering that Mrs Hudson should be aware of his whereabouts. “He… asked me back, this evening.”
The tender pull on his hair, bordering on a tug, astounds Sherlock. It’s perfect, a chilling reminder of the power of John’s hands and of John’s choice to be soft. His scalp tingles, John scraping lightly behind his ear. His skin in thrumming all over with fussy energy, nearly numb in the spots where John kisses him, where John’s knee stimulates him.
who would suspect me, you’re the only one who knows what I really am.” He puffs out his cheeks. “As I’m the only one who knows what
It's nothing like their time together before the Races. Not John's one-sided hug, not John's lips on his. Sherlock returns the hold with inexact enthusiasm, frantic. He categorizes John's hands turning to fists in his hair and coat, drawing him flush; John's face at his throat; the way his jacket clings to him same as Sherlock. An interlude of tension and danger between devastated men. He doesn't follow John's train of thought, his process, how he possibly forgave Sherlock so quickly, how he ever doubted Sherlock's wholehearted devotion.
“She’s never let me watch the Races before.” Archie says, a touch of sadness in his voice. Ah, then, Molly
(They do have to shield the sensitive tourists from this area. Who knows? Some of them may not return, if they see that Thisby has as much of an issue with violence as anywhere else in the world does.)
John offers his hand. Sherlock lifts his own away from the protection of John’s stained, salt-caked jacket, and takes it, allowing John to haul him to his feet in that unexpectedly strong way he has about him. “Girlfriend?” He says, puzzled.
John returns to the bed, covering Sherlock’s middle with the flannel, damp and warm like the air around them. Sherlock lies back, letting John dip the flannel around and below his cock. He flinches as John swipes away the evidence at his backside, clean and kind.
“Really, Lestrade, it’s been grand, I’ll let you know as soon as there’s a new development,” he grins a big fake grin, like Musgrave, and shuts the foyer door. It wouldn’t really make the DI give up if he was set on the evidence not leaving the station, but it’s enough of a pointed, dramatic exit that Lestrade must be tired of it, and him, for the day.
Just past her is none other than John Watson, his trademarked jacket hanging worn and well over his shoulders as if salt had never touched it. His hair is not laying flat due to the wind from outside. His cheeks are pink, too, as if he was cold. He’s wearing gloves and his boots, but nothing else that would entail this being a cold-weather outfit.
Whoever has broken in has no torch to illuminate their way, and Sherlock momentarily berates himself for not locking the door after their own entrance. It would’ve made the intruder’s work much harder, given him and John more of a time to hide, to find the documents and get out. The way the figure sneaks around the corners of the offices makes it clear that it is not a person who knows the layout of the building.
He shoulders his way through, not stopping short of outright shoving a few slow men that don’t get out of his way quick enough. His heart races as quick as Redbeard had, pounding in his ear as the sea hushes to him.
John’s learned nothing, and Sherlock will be hard-pressed to let him go, if only to hold it over Mycroft.
“It belonged to my grandmother. There’s rooms inside, for the figurines,” The sniveling teenager had said, looking at the castle on the tabletop, “I don’t really have much use for it.”
“And I don't use anything anymore.” Sherlock's voice is not above a whisper. John whuffs a warm sigh over Sherlock, sending shivers over Sherlock's frame. “I promise.” An unnecessary and partially romantic addition.
John looks up, searching for answers, but the clouds in the sky say nothing. Where is the boy? Where is Sherlock?
“A bit. Anderson is too much of a lazy moron to be on duty this late, and Donovan only ever locks the second latch,” Sherlock explains, putting his second pick between his teeth, and using both hands to work on unlatching the door. He feels for the inside, lifts up and tempts, and then there is a click as he twists the long metal pick. Pulling out the picks, he replaces them to his pocket and allows John to work open the door, half-rotted wooden bottom giving out a fight, catching on stone, before it scrapes the street pavement and grants them passage.
“No, it never occurred to you. Stupid. Home in your little nest of lies. He’s sweet, I can see why you like having him around. But then people do get so sentimental about their pets. They’re so touching and loyal. But
“You must be tired,” he says with the implication of disguised pride, fitting his ankle between Sherlock’s shins.
Trembling. John's breathing is… fast. It hadn't occurred that John was taking a risk. When this sinks in, that John is also nervous, Sherlock relaxes a tremendous amount. He gives in, shifts backwards.
If he pulls closer to the water, the spot which other riders fear, John said they could have a genuine chance. Sherlock kicks, and Redbeard’s form tears across the sand. Strands of his mane whip Sherlock’s face but it is nothing compared to the bite of the cold wind. Where is John?
He undoes the small clasp on one long side of the box. It’s really more of a case, and he’s irked he didn’t think of the more fitting word until just now. The insides are covered in crinkly, yellowed fabric, as if it were a casket, and in it rests a small figurine.
The knight sees his impending imprisonment as he tries to push down the bridge again, hurrying across the yard and tries the handle that triggers the chains. He says something but Sherlock can't hear it. The knight runs back to the center of the courtyard - the castle walls are too high for him to see Sherlock otherwise.
Ultimately, Moriarty’s presence is needless. Sherlock is already unsettled. It’s nothing to do with Moriarty and everything to do with John.
Watson, breathing heavy but not panting like Sherlock is trying not to, slaps Gladstone’s wet neck. Sherlock isn’t sure how it got wet. The champion horse isn’t even breathing hard, and yet, has it broken into a sweat? It smells stunningly like salt. This is sea water, dripping from the horse's own pores.
And then one of John’s hands settles on Sherlock’s hip. The other clutches the twisted horn of the saddle, in front of them both. Just as the thought of that grip not being enough travels through Sherlock's hotwired brain, John slides the strong arm over his middle, the flat of John’s forearm pressing on Sherlock's belly.
FINALLY. sorry guys, started my summer job and have been way too tired to do much! Thankfully, the chapter after this practically writes itself. thank you!
The victim’s head is tilted back, neck exposed and head resting on the carpet, hair a messy pin-up of brown and wiry grey. Her arms spread wide to either side of her body where she lies, and her eyes and mouth are closed. She looks almost peaceful.
John gestures around himself with his tiny arms, pointing at the castle walls, like it’s obvious. Sherlock supposes it is obvious. But John hadn’t been in the castle during this time in the interval, he’d been in the case that had come to rest in Sherlock’s pocket.
Sherlock rises and whirls to face the door, unable to come up with a valid excuse on the tip of his tongue. Belatedly, he drops the top of the tower to the carpet.
“I don’t understand,” John says, stepping into the stables. The wind carefully buffets the building, uncertain and salty. “Why would he replace the letter but steal the file? It doesn’t make any sense.”
This is peculiar, because the line of questioning implies that Moriarty already knows what Sherlock desires, and that Sherlock is the one in the dark.
John continues to the small woman, talking to her but focusing on Sherlock’s collar, “He jumped into the quay after evidence papers, does he often do that? I’m sorry, I’m John Watson.”
“Ah, Mike. That’s kind of him to say. He helped me quite a lot, when I came here,” Watson looks away, into the wind, which throws his hair. Gladstone continues to stare. Watson’s eyes search and find Sherlock’s again. “The others aren't like Gladstone.”
in.” Lestrade points between them, tucking the book under his arm. Gladstone looks at the movement of Lestrade’s hand. “Do I have to remind you, Mr Watson, about the by-laws in this town? You think I can’t figure how, exactly, Sherlock, you managed to see the bloke who picked up the files? I know you pop into my office regularly--”
Across the river, a small, curly-haired boy with big cheeks plays with a dog in the shallows. Between John and them is fresh, clear water and low, crouching lengths of sand, with long strings of clumping grass and stones lining the banks. The dog, an iron spaniel, leaps and splashes river over the child’s rain boots.
John watches down the hallway towards the foyer, the both of them quiet in case they should be caught. When the pick catches, Sherlock twists the old brass handle and opens the door. The noise hardly matters, outside there are still drummers crashing and kicking down the streets. There’s even a few drunken singers.
Sherlock leans towards him, takes a few steps without quite realizing what he’s doing. Then he stops, furrowing his brow at the ground. Was it not Watson who spat at him to get Redbeard off the beaches, after he was hauled from the waves? Was it not Watson who felt the need to
Sherlock stares at the patterned cushions of the sagging sofa as if it will blurt out all of its secrets for him. It won’t, naturally, so he focuses instead on the weapon embedded in Shadwell’s chest, just below her sternum.
Of all the luck and magic that brought them together, the shell intrigues him the most. How did it come to pass that John received it this year? And why? What would Sherlock wish for, if the shell had been gifted to him instead?
“With John? Ha, no, sorry, I’ve known him for a very long time, but I don’t think anyone’s close with
“Yeah, and we’re both tired. You should get to bed. I should, too.” John says the next sentence with a bit of withheld misery, “Big auction tomorrow morning.”
“You said you’d already made your wish,” Sherlock bristles, beating John to it. He tries hard to glare, but it doesn’t do much damage with sweat-dried curls sticking to his forehead. He should have noticed earlier, refused to have been distracted by the man he adores. “You lied.”
Watson commands, eyes not even fully open, and something within Sherlock responds immediately to that tone.
“Look at her dress!” Sherlock shouts, disbelieving. When Sally gives him a strange look, one that says she both thinks him insane and annoying, Sherlock pushes his filthy gloves into one of his pockets, fixing her with a look that could kill. He hopes it does.
John laughs a little. It's enough. He leans their foreheads together, Sherlock stooping uncomfortably low to steady himself. Warmth tips over from John’s skin, seeping into Sherlock’s skull. Perhaps, like this, John could read his thoughts.
Sherlock sniffs. That’s alright. Billy the skull never answers, either, but that doesn’t stop him from speaking with it.
Obvious from the rest of the house. Old photographs and the memorabilia of two people, yet the signs of being lived in from only one. Sherlock’s gaze flashes to the black side table beside her sofa across the room, where one teacup sits in a lonely painted saucer. Handle faces left, one of the many signs that betrays Shadwell’s left-handedness.
Needing to leave means that John is going to be in the flat alone. In the flat, as a spy, roaming about and looking over his things and maybe taking something. Or maybe Mycroft will sweep into Baker Street while Sherlock is out and collect this small knight of Sherlock’s and Sherlock won’t ever see him again.
There’s a cut on Hope’s face, the skin split on his cheek, already purple blooming dark around it in a smudge of red. Watson didn’t just shove him. He punched him. Watson punched Hope.
Sherlock purses his lips. John hasn’t backed away from him at all. Standing in the middle of busy Skarmouth, just days before racing, and John, Thisby’s resident champion, sidling up to him so close that it’s almost obscene. To himself, at least. Passerbys, and there are passerbys, probably wouldn’t blink at two men in deep conversation so close to each other. They may look like a pair of secretive gamblers to the uninformed.
Satisfied, Sherlock snatches the tower top from the floor, brushes it off, and replaces it atop the castle. He twists until it fits into the corresponding grooves and is sturdy once again.
Archie nods, in that overly enthusiastic way that boys his age have when they feel as though they're being let in on a secret.
Expensive shoes click on the wooden floors, then silence themselves as Moriarty steps closer onto plush Persian carpet John is on. Moriarty has rounded the desk to stand before John.
“I don’t wake each time my box is opened. I don’t know who opened it and why they took my sword. I don’t know the rules of magic.” John sighs. After a moment of deliberation, he asks the unfeasible question that Sherlock hasn’t had time to wonder over. “And why is it
Sherlock has savings. Meager, meager savings. Not enough to go to the mainland. Not enough for Anderson. Not enough to buy a water horse to race.
If Darwin had come here, he wouldn't have made it back to the mainland, and his findings would've been just specimens in glass, and nothing consequential at all.
Watson smiles, and Sherlock hopes against hope that he’ll-- “Sherlock. And my name’s John. Some people call me that.”
It looks like a messy rip in the side of her neck, but Sherlock, dressed in his long woolen coat and dress shoes to combat the wind that’s funneling through all the alleyways in Skarmouth today, sees it for the neat handiwork it actually is when he pushes her short hair aside. Clouds rush along overhead, and Donovan glares and folds her arms across her chest while Lestrade notes something about the wind and how he has better ways to spend today than leaning over a bloody corpse.
shrieked, breaking the ubiquitous spell that had fallen and shaking the world into action once more - the horses ran, the birds flew, the gamblers shook their fist. It swung back around to rip apart and devour its fallen rider, the ocean spraying at the bony tendons in its prancing legs.
The familiar bulk of the stables grows in the shadow. There is no fog tonight, too much wind, and not enough moonlight behind the fast-moving clouds. Gladstone’s head twitches this way and that, ears swiveling to catch sounds that neither John nor Sherlock can hear in the distant black. Sherlock wonders what other monsters could be out here with them in the night.
A dozen or so men are gathered around one end of the rock, waiting to go up, and still more are moving restlessly towards the group. The first rider steps naturally up onto the rock. He’s got greying hair, and the silver spikes and dances in the firelight. It’s Lestrade. Sherlock had known he was riding this year. Down at the beach, he'd been wandering around. Sherlock had glanced him just moments ago. Neglecting his judicial duties - but that’s fair, because there aren't many criminals to catch on Thisby. Well. Not that many that have done something so bad as to deserve being caught. Mostly pickpockets. Sherlock ignores those cases.
Able to crack his eyes open enough for them to burn with the bright light in the room, John catches sight of a dark head of hair. Then, nothing else. He goes back under.
In the mid-morning light, Sherlock watches John’s back while he walks away from the Ford, his mostly-clean-but-not-really jacket over him, fitting and framing him against the pale clouds perfectly. Sherlock watches him disappear into the stables in last night’s clothes, aware John’s mind has already turned completely to the events of today’s job.
It’s here, climbing down the slopes and leaning back to carefully stay away from the water, that it strikes Sherlock, what John could be showing him. He hasn’t any idea, and that is what worries him.
“Only because Comfort’s sea-mad. He lost her three years ago, she's just come up this autumn again.”
Sherlock needs… He doesn’t know. He can’t say he needs to get off this island, because he doesn’t, because Thisby is perhaps the most interesting place in the world. Though, he’s sure the island wouldn’t care whether he lived or he died. He can’t tell whether he loves Thisby despite that, or because of it.
But. Hm. That wasn’t really the first time they’d looked at each other, on the cliffs, was it? Thinking for a moment, it strikes him — John had first seen Sherlock on the racing beaches, with Mary, the blonde mare, freshly reared and kicking out for magic.
“Jesus,” John rasps, gazing ahead after glancing at Sherlock. “I knew Hank was in custody, but I didn’t read the paper.”
John looks to him while Sherlock sits up. The revolver has been tucked up, probably put against the small of John’s back, in the waistband. Safety on, naturally, though it must poke into John’s skin, seeing as how he is on a giant water horse. “Sherlock, are you alright?”
Sherlock draws in a deep, shuddering breath through his nose. He doesn’t like the way everyone is looking at him, looking at Hope, or the way some people are nodding their heads, like they understand what Hope’s saying. It’s uncannily like the attention of the
There is no gentle sway of Gladstone’s hips as his rear legs hit the ground, not even to a small degree. Neither is this a four-beat walk. It’s a few steps and then a high, throaty wheeze, and Gladstone does not ease into the gallop - his strides lengthen with no effort, and suddenly, they’re soaring.
That sounds like Watson is expecting Sherlock to win. Or. Maybe not. But he’s expecting him to have some kind of chance. Perhaps a better chance than his 49 to 1 odds in Hawkins' have given him. Watson expects Sherlock to not lose, to beat at least someone. Or maybe the right word isn’t ‘expect’, maybe it’s ‘assume’. Sherlock isn’t sure how he feels about that.
Sherlock pulled off his leather gloves by the fingers, smacking them down onto the coffee table, then turned. Lestrade was having difficulty fitting the gigantic toy through the doorway. Sherlock couldn’t see the DI’s face past the walls and the towers. “I don’t have any reason to own such a thing,” He quipped, not lending aid. "It'll be thrown away by the end of the week by Mrs Hudson."
Still, it’s good that John didn’t purposely try and make himself known. Sherlock can’t imagine how that conversation would go over.
?” Hope asks, and slides closer, and Sherlock squeezes his eyes shut. Hope’s figure is nearly up against Sherlock’s entirety, smelling like fish, fish,
Sherlock spins on his heel and begins to walk away. It’s barely noon, the sun is weak and feeble and maybe Lestrade could drive him back to Mrs Hudson’s property in that ugly cruiser of his like he did on their way here, Sherlock could get Redbeard and he could go to the rocky cliffs, and John would be there, and Sherlock could apologize and--
Young Sherlock had looked back down at the carnage on the beach far below the cliff. Far as he knew then, the Races and their mysterious horses were all Thisby had. How could they be the end of it?
“Doctor Watson, I would never take everything from you in one fell swoop. There wouldn’t be anything left of you to play with if I did,” He says, “And so I’ll make you your deal.”
“Pssht,” Snorts another man, with dark skin and a yellow coat over his body, “She prob’ly dropped it up in Skarmouth, and everyone missed it.”
Redbeard is panting heavily through his nose by the time Sherlock trots into town, passing first by the tall glass buildings that are owned by the Stockyard and serve as hotels for the wealthy tourists. Nicest place to sleep, be, stay, or exist on the island, Sherlock hears. A man is sweeping the stone steps as Sherlock passes.
“Right, well, I’m sure your girlfriend will never forgive me if I don’t make sure you get back home in one, unfrozen, piece.”
With no more wind to steal the sound on the island, Sherlock looks back over to Watson, who is regarding him, half of him hidden by the long snake-like neck of the water horse.
He cracks open his eyes, just a little, to look around the sitting room. The shadows are in the right places for the moon to still be up and bright outside. Sherlock theoretically has plenty of time to enjoy this position, all the intimate comfort it brings.
Sherlock puts him in between the crossropes, and soaps away the salt and mud caked onto his red coat, and then rinses and dries him by hand, brushing him down afterwards. Sherlock picks the clotted sand and dirt and grass out from Redbeard’s hooves. And he brushes out the knots in his mane and tail. He braids and unbraids them, not caring in the slightest when Redbeard purposely knocks his nose against his shoulder or stomach and gets snot on him.
“Mike told it to me when I came here. I did say he helped me quite a bit when I immigrated, to be honest, I think he does it with everyone.”
John rolls his eyes, “I have bigger clothes, you know. Baggy stuff on me’ll fit you. Maybe you won’t like it, because you're always wearing those tight shirts…”
The realization that he is so close to John, and that John is not moving, is enough to make him whimper involuntarily. He wants
No. Moriarty wants John. Sherlock wants John to be free. But, he nods. Perhaps he can play off this for a moment.
However, this night stirs other often-visited memories, too, John’s lips against Sherlock’s knuckles, his hand pressing close to Sherlock, crowding him against the door, ordering him not to stray from his side. There was desperation, caution, and
Mycroft had further discouraged Sherlock in the most peculiar of ways. He took Sherlock to the shore.
." It itches worse than the scratchy armchair he's sitting in. Not even the fire in the hearth beside him provides any comfort. And John, his torturer,
John is now pointing to the cavern’s high, swooping ceiling, far above both of their heads and supported only vaguely by naturally-made columns of barnacle-covered rock. Above, there are darker shapes, and lighter ones, etched into the stone, or pressed on in the shapes of horses, people, houses, islands, boats, and waves.
In the dark, the stable seems closer than it did out the flat’s small window. No longer are there no shadows, every light in the Stockyard is on. Further down, past the large arrangement of stables and fences, Sherlock can see Skarmouth, far down the road. It is lit up and just a mound roofs on the lighter horizon, an eerie yellow glow in the sky betraying its placement.
The house smells like garlic and simmering-something when Sherlock strides in. He listens, shutting the door quietly behind him, silent until he hears the soft radio music from the kitchen downstairs. He will return to his room and retreat into his own head, but first it would do to explain himself to Mrs Hudson, as vaguely as possible.
Somewhere in sleep, he and John have shifted. Heat flows from the coals in the woodstove. John breathes quietly, lips parted against his pillow. A slack arm lays over Sherlock’s hip.
He furrows his brow. There are so many other ways to have done it, what's the point of using something so… simple?
Sherlock feels the grin plaster over his face, too, matching John’s in genuine feeling, if not in volume, through the cold. He is beset by shivers, sucking in past his teeth.
The sun hits the cliffs perfectly at this time of day, if the sun has decided to make an appearance. Today, it has. The island is clear, though there are clouds in the sky. It is not overcast. The air still has a sharp, cold bite to it.
“Ever since I saw you on the beach,” John says quietly, and Sherlock warms at his voice, the sound rumbly-low and pleasing. John draws a finger down the line of smaller buttons on Sherlock’s undershirt, capable hands rising to touch Sherlock’s throat. Sherlock hears his every breath. “Ever since Mary, I haven’t gotten you out of my head.”
As the light fades while he is inside the two-stall stable that leans up against the side of the house, he means to latch the door shut, making sure there is no sliver of outside, and so there will be no jigsaw piebald at his heels.
Sherlock shouts, jerking backwards, mouth opening and the cigarette landing in his lap. The figurine has assumed its pose, hand on hip, other down by his side. Only, the lowered hand is holding a gleaming dagger, absolutely tiny.
Sherlock's fingers dance in their twitching around the circumference of the small porcelain plate. It feels strange, sitting here in John’s tiny flat, in John’s pants and jumper. On his bed. Just half this situation would feel strange. He’s never really been in someone else’s place of living, save for Lestrade’s on the scant nights when his old habits would get the better of him, and much less someone’s bedroom. His whole heart is offbeat, pumping out an unusual rhythm throughout his chest and whole body.
“I am the island Freak, John. You had spent so much time with me, I thought I was confused. I wasn’t. I told him if he cut a deal with you, I would race, I wouldn’t withdraw at any point. He wanted to see my face when you were killed. He thought you weren't important, but you
It snaps open its mouth and wails, missing Watson's fingers by a hair, and Watson stabs through its pinned ear. The wailing doesn't falter - the gouge didn't hurt at all. The blade wasn't iron.
John’s leg will start to bother him if they sit here in the cold for any longer Perhaps it already aches, and John chooses to ignore it. If John killed a
The churchgoer and Gladstone are near the back of a squat of old stone buildings. The churchgoer is holding Gladstone’s reins up high, like John instructed him, and the water horse, along with being physically held, is charmed to stay in place by a circle drawn in the dirt and road gravel around him.
Lestrade, having shadowed Sherlock's prowl dutifully, clears his throat when they return to the kitchen lino. "You want to take a look at the actual scene, now?"
He has nothing to fight with, but he’s angry, god, there’s red crawling through the edges of his eyes and he knows he’s baring his teeth like a water horse and his hands are shaking and cold on the reins.
They've shipped the body away. No, no, no. “You didn't - you didn't look correctly.” There's something wrong about this picture. Something isn't adding up. He needs to solve this. “The body’s gone already?”
When he scoffs, Redbeard turns his ear back to catch the noise. Sherlock looks out at the ocean far out past the cliffs. He used to fancy he could see the mainland from this spot. Downwards are the racing beaches, with water horses shivering for the water in the wind. He watches the thrall below for several minutes, before pulling one side of the rein and turning Redbeard away from the edge of the world.
racing lengths ahead of him, there is no giant black horse. Apprehension grows hot in his throat and his face, choking the salt from his eyes.
“Hide,” Sherlock says, quickly crouching. He pries off the roof of one of the castle towers as if it’ll help. “I still am unsure if you’re real or not, but for the chance that you are, for Mycroft’s sake, hide in the castle. I’m sure he’s not got all his ethics permits in order.”
Sherlock looks into his own glass, failing to entirely suppress a smile. “Only the winners from five years in a row, so I've a very limited selection.”
John reaches up, and Sherlock’s hair is tousled beneath the towel John throws over his head. Sherlock scoffs, and when John gives up his assault, glares.
But there are other ways to find that on this island. Sherlock discovered that soon after the muted buzz of cocaine faded from his veins. The Races aren’t all that Thisby has, no matter what Mycroft used to say.
Sherlock’s eyes dip lower to the smattered dusting of golden-red hair descending down John’s navel, and the prominent shadow of his cock in his trousers. Sherlock’s mouth goes dry.
He whips his head to the side, and sneezes suddenly into the crook of his elbow. His mind has been wiped clean of all the possibilities, and now the cold and stuffy-headedness has begun to set into him again. Frustrated, he scowls at John, who grins softly at him.
Maybe it’s the deep color of Gladstone’s pelt that reminded him of Sherlock, or the way both breathe so carefully as they sleep. Do his ears feel hot? Or is the tough air streaming through the aisle simply biting at them? John feels the cold like a body pressed against him, and tucks frozen fingers into his jacket pockets.
“You’re not thinking of really going, are you?” John’s voice has slipped into something low. Sherlock leans against the wind that channels through their alley at the outskirts of Skarmouth, trying to feel the frigidity and ground his form in the present. Gladstone lifts his head to scent the air, and the reminder of his presence helps.
If he thinks about it, there’s no real reason John had to accompany Sherlock in the car. Of course, he’s not about to point that out and say anything about it. Instead, he asks, “You didn’t happen to recognize the runner?”
Now, he looks away from the envelope, to John instead. His face is as urgent as his voice. Sherlock’s chest squeezes, his lungs expand.
John looks at him over his shoulder. It’s a weird way to look at someone, because Sherlock is sitting almost directly behind him, and John wouldn’t be able to turn around without bumping into him. Sherlock draws his legs up and lets his bare feet stay on the bed to get them out of John’s way. With the small flat smelling like whatever concoction John has on the stove and something masculine underlining it, Sherlock’s muscles unwind further from their tensed arcs.
The slits on his neck widen and flex, quivering as he struggles to breathe in the air where he should not be any longer. Sherlock clasps John’s hand to drag him out of the water and away from his
It’s too much of a stretch to get in, so Sherlock is graced with John pulling out and leaning back over him as the man reaches for the lubricant beside the bed, feeling that radiant heat of his body and the brush of John’s lips against his once John has refreshed the slickness in his palm, coating his fingers. While tipping his head up to meet John’s mouth to feel the wet heat of his tongue and the kind vibration as John hums, Sherlock slips a hand between their naked bodies.
No. Not in the Races, not in the middle of them, who would’ve reached over to charm another horse? Who would’ve risked losing an arm, just to hurt another
to run alongside dozens more of them. To think he could win on cleverness alone! He grits his teeth. He’d be a fool.
Sherlock makes it up the cliffs, where he collapses to his knees, soaked up to the thigh. There is sweat along his forehead, and his curls are frizzy with brine thrown at him by the wind.
“Like I said, not trying to get you drunk. It’s alright if you don’t finish it all. Especially if you don’t usually drink.” At Sherlock’s surprised expression, John laughs, “Oh, please. You make the biggest faces when you’re sipping that pint.”
Sherlock turns, swallowing worry for the man on the sand. If he looks at John, he knows he’ll shatter the illusion of stillness. Trusting his own mind to keep the water horses where they are, he observes the mare.
Pushing through, John steps into the foyer without knocking. He’s long abandoned most of his sense of propriety, but so has Moriarty. Their dance is only in front of the buyers. Privately, John speaks almost freely.
Watson overtakes him a split-second later, hardly a hair between the two horses and his and Watson's feet, and Gladstone is all powerful, rippling muscle, knees lifting high and landing ten feet from where they kicked off. Sherlock catches Watson’s eye, and Redbeard does another odd kick and hop, dragging them back forwards. Sherlock's cheeks hurt from the cold and his grin. Watson whips forward, the giant horse drawing further and further up and away from them as Redbeard tracks, steady and straight and true.
Sherlock swallows against a rising tide of instinctual fear. But he can feel the crumpled edges of it curling around the corners of his eyes, like a fog that won’t settle.
The whispery hairs of Redbeard’s tail flicks against Sherlock’s side as he fixes the curve of the saddle over the horse’s withers.
John was absolutely right. Sherlock tells him so and John seems to glow a bit brighter in the above lights. Still, he appears perplexed, an expression that is never far from his face.
“I do, actually!” Lestrade shouts. Sherlock sniffs. Embarrassed by his outburst, since he’d obviously been expecting Sherlock to interrupt again, Lestrade sighs. His hands wring his cap. “We know--”
John smirks, and slides the flat of his forearm down behind Sherlock’s back, trapping his arm between it and the duvet. He grips Sherlock, enabling him to draw closer and make Sherlock arch. His hips press down over Sherlock’s, and the stiff line of his erection slides luxuriously against Sherlock’s through their trousers. A moan punches itself out of Sherlock’s lungs.
Something begins to dawn on him. Of course. Hope is clever, somewhat, but ultimately as stupid as everyone else on this island. He is malicious but would never cross his path with Sherlock’s if manageable on his own.
(And the November cakes that make the whole island smell of sweet honey glaze for the month of October. Sherlock finds those particularly interesting.)
The smell of old leather polish and perfume dredges through Sherlock’s senses, conjuring images of former passengers.
John is quiet, too, and the car rumbles underneath them, heating system just beginning to give the car some substance other than icicles.
His mouth forms Sherlock’s name, but no sound. The man sleeps, slumped over the lower half of John’s bed, exhausted and sad over his long arms like a pillow. “Sherlock,” he manages, but the word hurts.
It seems louder than the crash of the drums, thrumming loudly a few corners over. It seems louder than anything else in the world. When he’s out of sight, Sherlock turns back to the corner where the conversation took place, but the mare goddess is gone, off to scatter sand and pebbles somewhere else on the island.
Sherlock heaves Redbeard farther inside. Saltwater sprays and the sand whips at his cheeks, magicking everything rough and red and angry. The reins are tough and hard in his grasp with hard salt crystals, and the wind rushes ceaselessly past his ears. He squints, heart hammering as a grey bodied-
He forgets, sometimes, just how predatory these things are. How they're attracted to movement, how they will chase something, but only if it
One arm is down at his side, the other is bent at the elbow with the hand resting on his hip, before the handle of a sword at his waist. Or. No. Where the handle is meant to be. The sword is missing from its scabbard. There was clearly meant to be one, given the small opening under the knight’s hand. Sherlock sets the knight down and picks up the case again, searching in the soft bed of cloth. Nothing but crumpled fabric. Sherlock retrieves the knight.
Sherlock goes with the most obvious one. “Why are you telling me this?” He asks, now tasting the salt in the strengthening wind. He wonders if, perhaps, a storm is on its way.
This, said in such a quiet, but reverent tone, pulls at Sherlock’s mouth. He turns his head slightly to pat Redbeard’s smooth muzzle away when the horse starts nosing at his hair, desperate for attention. He puffs warm air over the back of Sherlock's neck.
” But Moriarty loves the power his wealth gives him over people, how many locked doors it opens. Sherlock digs his nails in hard. “
“And there he is,” John’s voice is carried to Sherlock by the wind - it smoothes over the nerves on his arms and back, and seems to lie flat his hair. Away from the edges of the cliffs, Sherlock turns to watch him approach. Redbeard spots them a moment later, jerking away. For a prey animal, it must be unsettling to have the senses fail at detecting a predator that now lies within striking distance. “Thought you might’ve been pulling another fast one over me.”
Sherlock’s eyes peer between the bars and the half-open doors. Some sport horses stick their heads out and regard him and Watson’s passage.
A short, blond man grapples with the giant mare, pulling on her leadrope and her mane, shouting strange words at her amongst the rest of the plainly panicked yelling from other people. The bells rattle loudly, and it's the only sound in the world as she rears again and snaps her head from side to side. Someone screams - the mare has bitten off someone’s fingers in her hungry prancing. A young man’s fingers, Sherlock believes, but then he is being touched.
John, fixing the petite saddlebags on Gladstone’s back, looks over his shoulder at Sherlock, mirroring him on Redbeard. Gladstone is facing resolutely forward, cloth tied around his nose. As he breathes, the thin cotton is pulled into shadows in the shape of long, thin nostrils, and pushed back out on the exhale.
Traditionally, it’s a murderous, desperate night. “You did say it was… fun.” Sherlock lowers the magazine a fraction, just some bumbling article about old music and new radios, and peers over at Mrs Hudson.
Josephine is old, but she loved to kick when she was younger. Redbeard is too poised to be kicking out the doors and the fence that winds completely around Mrs Hudson’s property. Sherlock can see the rickety, aged wood in the grey day, maybe twenty yards from the front door. The metal gate is round the back of the house, and the Ford is parked just outside it.
Some of the shells are bigger and white, and are not shells, but bones. Sherlock spies a man’s scapula, and another human femur across the sandy floor, pushed up against the rocks where the waves have left them, covered in seaside growths and the remnants of algae.
himself.” At this, a few of the locals in the crowd eye John, as if this were a realistic probability. After all, if the
Sherlock looks down, too, even as Watson opens his mouth, “I’ll speak for him,” he bites out. His voice is pitched low, curling around like the smoke in Sherlock’s throat, yet strong enough to combat the murmur of the crowd. Tourists are looking for confirmation that this is the returning champion, whispering to each other. “This island runs on courage. Not on the
Sherlock can see himself in Redbeard’s eyes. He can see behind them, as if the horse’s mind is as placid as unbothered water.
rises up from the water beside him like death himself, shark nostrils flared against the air and mouth long enough to reach its eyes. It’s the beast that pulled him under the ocean that day he took Redbeard to the racing beaches, it’s the horse that John killed.
Sherlock,” Moriarty’s voice drawls, and Sherlock finds his facial expression again, twisted in an air of a self-important grin. “It has got to be the theme of the damsel in distress. Prince saves her, essentially, after she’s poisoned. I’ve been a fan of yours for awhile, you know.”
John sucks a low mark, and Sherlock’s body rolls up off the mattress, trying to gain any friction at all. The brush of wiry-blond hair tickles his abdomen, and he could sob with defeat when John’s hips snap to correct him, pushing their erections together. The humidity in the room makes the duvet stick to his back, heavy air clinging to his face when he buries his hands in John’s short hair.
“I must be the exception, then.” John says hopefully. He slips his arm under the pillow Sherlock rests on, and bends his elbow, hauling Sherlock in by the back of his neck. John smiles like a deviant.
He swallows, tasting salt and something bitter, sour and dark. Another flashbulb goes off, blinding.
The sound of Mrs Hudson’s fork clinking against her plate stops. Sherlock risks a glance up. The woman is staring at him, wide eyed, her hands frozen.
The wrist of this arm is pushing back a dark cloak, revealing a stripe of iron riveted chainmail draped over a red shirt. His legs are clad in armor and high black boots with golden detail.
“Good-bye,” Sherlock says, already hyper-fixated on the body and the promise of new, unorthodox information.
“I am not a bug!” Sherlock glances over at John’s shout, narrowing his eyes as John draws the tiny dagger from his belt, and presses it against his own hand. He makes a face, and sheathes it again, and a moment later, John thrusts his hand up for inspection and the smallest line of red appears.
He’s entirely surprised when John’s hand covers his. Warm. Smaller than his, a calloused mark on his knuckles. Sherlock blinks. And blinks. And blinks.
John stands idly back, watching Sherlock's turmoil. How could John leave him like this? "If you leave it be until Saturday, you'll be free of physical leave. You'll be able to march into the station and bother Anderson without Lestrade yelling at you." John bends to Sherlock's height. "How's that sound?"
It’s a very bad day, the next morning. The clouds are high and thick enough that light can’t make it through the water droplets, giving them a deep grey sheen. They look heavy and waterlogged, and even Redbeard, under his saddle, eyes them warily. What’s that saying about animals and storms?
Sherlock shivers in the water. What do the Races do to the horses that are always wild, and who always desire the sea, when men can race anything that they can fit under them?
“Listen to me. No, look at me.” John touches Sherlock’s chin when he tries to glance away. “Listen. Moriarty doesn’t have a leg to stand on anymore.”
implying that Moriarty and him have ever touched. Sherlock’s top lip begins to curl at the rotten memory of Moriarty’s cold hand gripping his on the beach, after Hope’s throat was torn out by Gladstone. His sense of safety is gone.
do things in threes - three whinnies, three kicks, three locks, and Gladstone is quiet again. The cold metal cools Sherlock’s shivering wrist. The aged wood groans as he pulls open the stall door.
As expected, John has remained on the coffee table, stalking the edges like a big cat in an empty pen. Given enough time, he could figure a way down and out of the flat, Sherlock is convinced, but why do that when Mycroft is surely going to pick up his spy sometime soon?
“There, stop! Climb up!” John’s voice is right above him, and Sherlock fits the papers between his teeth, all sticking together with oils and water, disgusting. Slapping the side of the quay repeatedly, his hands find the first few iron rungs of the stepladder, built into this wall when the cracking cement was first poured, and climbs up, heavy clothes trying to drag him back. Each step he takes, the further he goes from the water, the more his mind settles. Near the end, one weak link creaks violently and gives out beneath his foot, and he slips, hands scratched on the cement, listening for the splash of the rung hit the water. It doesn’t come, the waves are picking up. He holds himself to the climb and touches the top.
Sherlock scrambles up and retreats to the kitchen. He turns off the Bunsen burner and finds a roll of masking tape. When he returns to the sitting room, he peels off thick strips and pushes the drawbridge up, taping it in place. He will not have a tiny man running about the flat.
John, steady and knowing, squeezes Sherlock’s hand. “Let’s get dressed, alright? Every racing day begins with getting dressed.”
Mrs Hudson says some nonsense about them getting along well over a murder, and goes on about her baking.
They aren't that simple to study. Sherlock’s tried. It's irritating and frustrating, to live on an island where magic flourishes but science refuses to. The
A gun fires, drawing Sherlock back to the beach, and the horses at the starting line leap into the air, throwing sand and scattering - there are tight blurs of colors as the racers speed along the beach, hot gasps from the horses and the crowd. All ears are pinned, all hooves are pounding, all tails are whipping fast against hind legs. On the other side of the island, he knows the tide is hugging the cliffs closely, bursting to reclaim the horses.
Gladstone knocks his face in a seemingly friendly manner against Hope’s shoulder. Hope presses back, rubbing his soft nostrils, perhaps thinking the water horse is fond of him.
John’s smile is small, a small, and a secretive smile. It’s as masked as the mare goddess. Sherlock wonders if he still has the spiraled shell in his pocket, or if he's already made his wish. His blue eyes are alight. So are Gladstone's, which glow in the purple wash of light. “You don’t like to do anything the easy way, do you?” John says, and Sherlock doesn’t have a clue to the meaning of it.
Hope is dying on the sand, he’s bleeding out, the waves are lapping around him, reaching for the water horse.
“Then, I will give it to Lestrade,” Sherlock says, and he nods to himself to solidify the action in the pit of his turning stomach. The idea that John’s name had even been included in this book begins to haunt him. It would do well to keep John close.
John stares at him. His eyes, gleaming against the light of the lanterns knocking lightly together above them, flick between Sherlock’s, trying to discern the truth. The yellow and pink shadows are all over the dips of his face. Something in what John knows must corroborate with what Moriarty has said, for John eventually nods. Short, hard. John hasn’t grasped what this means; Sherlock promised to not back out so that Moriarty would give Gladstone up to John, should John win the Races. He doesn’t comprehend this -- or if he does, he’s adept at hiding his displeasure.
“No, John, we are not going to any museum,” Sherlock says, positively thrilled and looking expectantly at John, “We’re going to a curio shop.”
Sherlock’s mouth pinches into an unhappy line. Something in his head cannot be convinced to consider John suspicious, as if Moriarty is in any way involved. It is something completely out of the blue, never visited before, not even in a moment of weakness or insecurity. John has been undoubtable, constant and devoted. Never has his story wavered, or his conviction been found suspect.
Others have the same idea. The ones that sign up tonight will be nervous, or they will be those brave enough to flaunt their involvement with loud voices and mugs of beer. Sherlock hasn't seen this many people about except on nice sunny days, and there are few of those on Thisby. The tourists swarm like a lulling tide, dipping into corner shops and laughing brightly in the cool air, their shoulders piled with windbreaker jackets. It’s a clear night, but the streetlamps on the walk distort the autumn sky and don't let the light of any stars through.
It isn’t yet the time for training to begin on the sand, or for horse mongers to sell water horses down there in droves. It isn’t the time for a nose to be sheared off in a moment of distraction whilst training on the beach, that all comes later, after the sign ups.  It’s early October, and it is the time for capturing the
The lump is unrecognizable. It’s a ruin. Sherlock clasps a sore, sandy hand over his mouth to prevent a gasp from escaping - blood drips down the side of his face.
Instead, Sherlock sets to work on copying down the list over his head. He has it memorized and put up in his mind palace, but something about having information down on clean creamy paper is incredibly pleasing to him, and aides his research.
There’s nowhere else on earth he would rather be, not looking for Mycroft, not dashing about alone in Skarmouth or Tholla, not solving perplexing murders, not foiling Moriarty - lately, his life has been ruled through ‘
The walk up the dunes is lengthy, and there's a scratchy feeling under his skin, like the dog blood has infected him with mites or fleas. He feels stares at his back, and his throat and eyes burn from the wind and the sand.
Lestrade nods. He points at Sherlock with his mobile (so he does still own it), already turning to go. “I’ll text you the address.”
Long, grey metal, with a hilt of tawny bronze. The lights hardly reflect off it at all, and strange markings are etched into the length of the blade, half-hidden by the body they have felled. It glints, revealing no imperfections.
“Dresses in women’s clothing, puts on makeup late at night, Lestrade, there are subcultures on this island that even you aren't aware of, the horses aren't the only thing people come to Thisby for,” Sherlock begins to rattle on, gaining speed now, “we’ve a wonderful subterranean community. The man was ill, not only did he have lipstick, he had a rash by his mouth, or he was covering something by the side of his lips,” Sherlock makes a frantic gesture to his bottom lip, and John watches him do it.
“It’s not that, exactly, except.” Mike opens the book, undoing the leather strap. He flips several pages, the turning of the paper loud in the quiet church. “Except, I heard
It smarts, the disregard and dehumanization. John isn't even a pawn in Moriarty's view. He's not a player, he's nothing. A speck of dust, a loitering aggravation, an obstacle.
He opens his wardrobe, selecting a pair of black dress trousers and a dark blue shirt. He does up the buttons quickly, mind already spinning around the facts of the case and how to go about bringing John along without notice.
“Hi, I’m sorry,” John shakes her hand, which hasn’t been extended for a greeting but more of a surprised gesture to herself, “but could I duck into your loo for a moment?”
Prickling his skin is the cold, driving needles to his bones, icier as the wind blows, funneling through Skarmouth streets and buffeting them both and throwing John’s hair. It muffles his voice.
John tightens his hold, clutching the back of Sherlock's coat and jostling Sherlock's injuries the wrong way. Sherlock hisses.
The water horse jerks its head back, pressing its chin into its long neck, accompanied by the sound of jangling metal buckles on its halter, and the quick thrash of metal against leather - Watson jolting his heels against the horse’s side to keep it in check.
before. The once he tried, it had been Mary on the beaches, and the event had not gone well. He had been fractions of a second from changing his mind about Mary when she had killed that dog. She had made the decision for him.
John smiles a filthy smile, and Sherlock tries desperately to ignore the fluttering, desperate affection in his belly.
The kind-faced old woman pats him on the upper arm as Sherlock lifts a wooden crate for her onto the edge of the stall door. The horse within snorts. Mrs Hudson titters and the greying bay mare snorts again.
Sherlock nods, resolutely calm. “I should, um,” Wonderful, he can already tell this is going to be wonderful, “I should thank you. For what you're doing for me.”
of the water lapping at the shore. The careful sounds of birds roosting in the cliffs above, soft shutters of wings against chips of chalk and feather.
“She’s the fastest thing on the island at the moment,” The bowler hat says, stepping back so Sherlock can look at her. A gold chain is worn around her nose, fed through her halter. Sherlock has to admit that she looks amazing, and absolutely giant. Sherlock doesn't like tipping his head back to look up at her, because it exposes her throat. The mare is eyeing a dog scurrying around the monger's feet, and her silence is deeply unsettling.
“I love you.” It rushes out of Sherlock in one breath, and there’s no room inside himself to regret it, because this is something that John must know, that he must internalize. “John - I should have said it before, so many times and in so many ways - it isn’t enough to convey any semblance of my -
,’ Moriarty had said. Tonight, tomorrow, and the end of the world. Time, time, it’s fluttering away. Here John stands before him in the cold, and the only point of contact between them are their hands. Fascinating, unfailing, unchanging John Watson. Suddenly, urgency is coloring every thought that flits through Sherlock’s head.
The waves crest in the water, flashing a kneecap, a head, or a sea-slick shoulder, far out past the breakers and the sandbars, a testament to how close every rider on this beach had been to the unthinkable violence of the Scorpio sea.
There are fundamental differences - the water horses need dripping red meat and cold blood. Sport horses and island ponies and broodmares need good hay and grains. Better hay and grains come imported from the mainland. Despite the nutritional value, Redbeard tends to turn his nose at unfamiliar feeds, and its expensive. Most of his savings went into him entering the Races at the Hawkin’s Tavern several nights ago. There is very little leftover. The stuff he earned by riding to the mill for Molly Hooper was far too meager, but it was also far too much for the job Sherlock’d been doing.
“I pray for the gamblers and the racers, every year,” Father Stamford says, urging them to come up to the stage and leading them. “Here.”
The hallway light does not flicker on, but footsteps are heard coming down it, the sound of door handles being tried.
Sherlock, very slowly, stops moving. He glances over his shoulder. His view of the door and the sofa is obstructed by the partial wall, but the two chairs by the hearth and the table are visible. Afternoon sunlight drifts in from behind the curtains. He draws in a deep breath, but he’s unable to scent an unfamiliar cologne or perfume. He should have heard the door creak, should have heard weight hit the stairs. Should have heard a hundred things that all would've alerted him to an intruder before said intruder was in his flat.
“Name, Sherl?” Janine asks, and Sherlock thinks he hates that name she swirls round her tongue. He wants to wipe it from his hands.
The fireplace snaps, and John stands, dusting off his hands like a carpenter. He smiles crookedly, Sherlock’s favorite kind of smile, “Better?”
Sherlock had never forgotten for a second that John was here. Hopefully, Lestrade didn’t find Sherlock erratic. He needs Sherlock for this case too much to be put off by this behavior, of all things. Lestrade doesn’t deserve to concern himself over whether or not Sherlock is on drugs at any given time.
“The kind that likes to boast,” Sherlock says, “the kind that thinks it’s all a game. The kind that wants to be caught.”
The knight, John, seems to parse this. His movements are so real, so fluid for such a small robot. It’s difficult to believe that John isn’t actually real, the way he touches his hand to his head as if in thought, the way that Sherlock can see his mouth move. That mouth had been a stripe of black paint last night.
The insults and insinuations hurled at him in the streets multiply ten fold. There’s explosive talk of him being disqualified, and his stomach curdles, but Sherlock always snaps back, “If it’s
“I haven’t gone to the Races in years and years,” Mrs Hudson goes on, filling all the blank space with mindless conversation, “but I know last year was tough. We both read what happened to you—” Sherlock throws a paper to the table particularly brutally— “—but you seem so fine to me.”
Water drips from John’s face, down his nose and off his chin. Each line in his forehead is a determined imprint, his silver hair pasted to his ears by the spitting rain.
“You’ve only revealed yourself to the person that opened your box in the past, if that’s true, you’ve hidden from everyone else, and my associate is coming upstairs, so
John is looking out the window. Abruptly, he stands, pushing his mug onto the slim countertop. His hands fumble for the loo’s door handle, snagging his jacket off of it, before his head jerks down, eyes frantically searching for something on the floor.
John tests the durability of his new bandage by clenching his hand in front of him. Sherlock narrows his eyes, just able to see the tendons jump between John’s fingers.
Sherlock flattens a piece of the crust under his fork, his tongue tied, and there is a sickly sweet taste in the back of his mouth.
Feeling his arousal, John tilts his head up, and Sherlock leans to kiss him. Like the cliffs, it is light and slow until it isn’t, until it twists into John’s tongue sliding gently, probing at Sherlock’s mouth. John’s hands wander up his back, skimming up the notches in his spine and the bumps of his ribs. Sherlock’s arms find their purpose, draping around John’s shoulders, clutching at the material of his shirt and sharply drawing their bodies closer together.
Sherlock peels off his dressing gown, balling it up and tossing it onto a kitchen chair, stopping to glance at himself in the mirror in the bathroom. His hair is just as much a disaster as it was when he woke up this morning, with frizz sticking to the side of his head. He hadn’t been expecting anyone besides a visit from Mrs Hudson.
Sherlock doesn’t bother with his gloves. He leans over her skirt, the scent of cloying blood thick in the back of his nose, at last overpowering the residual lemon cleaning products from the rest of the house. Can’t imagine how that must smell to John. He plucks the hairs out of the zipper teeth, taking care not to break them, and rolls it over in his fingers, feeling the coarse texture.
The grey DI wearily takes the documents, his frustration and confusion suddenly abated. “You need to see his pockets? We haven’t done anything with the stuff. It’s all normal pocket things.”
It’s only biology, he thinks, hair matting with moist sand, it’s only biology that they love the water so much. Misunderstood   and secretive and savage biology.
A gull flies ahead, detailing a rider’s gorey end. He can see closely, now, more so than if he had been on the cliffs, watching, and more than he should be able to by standing offshore. A creamy stallion tacked in blue flower petals screams a high, surprised shriek -- his rider slaps him and the horse presses onward. An abrupt second later, the same stallion receives another slap, but this time, the rider’s hand hits too close to long teeth, and with a snap of the stallion’s neck, his fingers are gone.
He turns away, just for a moment, and towards the direction Watson had originally approached from. He pulls up a mental map of the island. Hm.
But he gets it across the room, near the windows that face the street without too much noise or fuss but with a fair amount of sweat and exertion. Dust now floats around the room because of his stirrings of the unkept carpet, highlighted in the light pouring in from the streetlamps outside.
are out of their depth, which is always, they consult me. I eliminate everything impossible, and whatever remains, must be the truth.”
“What is it?” John asks as soon as the woman is gone. His voice is lower, but no less exasperated. “What couldn’t you say on the cliffs?” He is jumping right at the issue, as Sherlock would do. Sherlock cannot shake the feeling that something has been left unsaid between him and John. Why did John seem so unhappy with Sherlock’s explanation as to why Moriarty is interested in him? Could he have taken it the wrong way?
The remainder of the funeral is as short as the deceased’s life, beginning with Stamford talking over the roar of the air against the cliffs below them all, and ending with John coaxing the
Surprisingly, like the girl said, it does feel like meeting someone. It’s a very little someone, granted, but it’s a little figurine that’s going to stay here with Sherlock.
“Wait, a rash? Now,” Lestrade says, “I thought it was just the shadows of the photograph, but there did seem to be something there.”
Water horses are close; so close he can smell them, that ugly scent. They jerk and pull on the long leadropes clipped to charmed halters, momentarily tied to the land, thin heads on long necks towering over the heights of the men. Today, the beach is a dangerous place to be. No man with a horse stands within ten yards of the sea. For good reason. A
Lestrade signals with a hand for a beer from Janine, which she delivers happily and takes his money.
Sherlock freezes, and Redbeard squeals in fright, stomping as Sherlock hauls the reins back, sitting back down on the seat of the saddle. Redbeard’s ears swivel wildly, remembering the beach. Sherlock strains all of his senses towards the cliffs beyond them, because that is where the wail came from.  Sometimes, the island’s atmosphere will throw sound back and forth, playing and tossing it as the wind does hair.
something, or - or…” Sherlock trails off when John twists his finger, dragging it around the rim and pushing back in.
None of the three of them say anything about the fact that Moriarty was very much not done, if the many island ponies and
The wind is soughing through the trees, the ones planted for decoration around the edges of the fencing, and shingles from all over the Stockyard are flung over the slippery wet grass. All over, there are squares of light, betraying the locations of buildings that can’t be picked out in the mist and the dark and the rain.
Sherlock hushes back, “Of course not, I’m telling Lestrade and giving it to him. I didn’t want Mike to think he stole it, permanently. Mr Haverford will be arrested, because his wife’s a witness to the murder, obviously.”
Down to the quay with the tavern, Lestrade leads him. Somewhere ahead in the damp alleys is a crime scene. The wind funnels through the side streets and gathers cold from stones to bring back to the ocean on the other side of the island while some seabirds trill in the cliffsides.
Sherlock’s top lip curls a tad. Moriarty smirks, moving his feet a bit to stretch. He pulls the cigar from his mouth. “Now you’re getting comfortable,” he says.
Slowly, he reaches, and takes the sealed envelope from Henry’s outstretched hand. The paper rustles against his skin. In the light, the unique profile view of a quarter horse, an emblem in red, stares, unseeing and unreal, up at him.
They’re clear - farther up the tract of sand, there are horses quarreling, and Redbeard bounds over the figure of a rider knocked to the beach. His hooves dig into the sand and they streak forward. They’re out of the biggest section of the fray and now it’s about speed and staying out of reach of other horses. Sherlock barely registers the cries of the crowd and the shrieks and wails of the
is naked affection. A soft palm laid over the back of Sherlock’s hand, fingers gently curling to caress his knuckles. Sherlock’s heart is a racing horse in his chest, the hooves loudly thundering past his lungs, his throat closing up in panic and emotion. John
Hope beats him down with one more stare. Then he jerks Hydria, almost mad with the water and the wind, and walks her away. Gladstone snaps his tail delightfully as she retreats. John follows Hope’s progress with his gun.
There is no possibility of him telling John the complete truth. Not when racing day is so close; not when Moriarty is so near. Not when John still runs the risk of ruining things, of destroying his chances at gaining Gladstone or winning, should he be fully-informed.
That’s not it. There are some mainlanders that have moved here and more return annually just to participate in the Races. Sherlock ignores them, because they're all boring. Of course they're boring. They moved
Like he has said so many times before, John says, this time against Sherlock's lips, “Meet me on the cliffs.”
better than anyone else on the island. What is it you want.” Here, he steals Sherlock’s very words. “I’ve made every horse in that stable what they are.”
John stops before him. He stands like he's forgotten about the limp, his weight even. Sherlock can see his face now, heavy bags that speak of stress and sleepless nights are underneath pale, washed out blue eyes the colour of tidepools on cloudy days.
Beyond him stretches the ocean, far over the horizon, and behind him are the shouts and bouts of yelling from the men, and the high, keening calls of the
Gladstone’s nostrils flare red in the dying afternoon sun, scenting the wind that throws the smell of the ocean towards Sherlock’s clothing, tossing his hair to and fro. His neck keeps arching and then his head dips, and he leans forward, testing John’s patience. John taps Gladstone on the muzzle after the water horse has nosed him, and Gladstone repeals and grunts lowly several times, as though offended.
“No,” Lestrade answers, and Sherlock sweeps out the evidence room’s door, walking briskly down the hallway in the same manner he did through the streets earlier. A young officer jumps from his path, spilling some hot drink over in a mug.
“It is cold,” John sighs. Sherlock watches him pull the thermos away from his lips, “You were right, like always.” A little thrill.
Sherlock grits his teeth and digs his heels into Redbeard’s side, unwilling to topple off Thisby like this. Mistaking it for the command of a run, Redbeard leaps into action, bursting away from the cliff edges and splattering gravel as he bolts inland.
“It is not my intention to be fulsome, but I confess that I covet your skull. And as such a fan,” He goes on, “I’ve gotten to know a few things about you.”
.” Sherlock wants to turn around and walk away, but he is aware of the limits of Lestrade’s patience.
Shocked, the man whips around, eyes finding Sherlock in the dimness of the alleyway. Light pours in from behind him, the opening of another street where cars and people are passing by in festivity, all unaware of the scene just meters away.
He’s shouting something else now, something about the history of the island, and Sherlock is mostly not listening. He’s changed his attentions to the crowd, picking up life stories from the way the men - and they are all men, the racers - hold themselves, tilt their heads, or part their hair, and he’s trying to tell himself that he’s not at all looking for that one point of stillness in the crowd. Because he’s not. He sees someone make a cross over their head and shoulders, then do it again, backwards this time. Most gazes are locked on Fletcher.
Sherlock responds, water filling his mouth and soaking him to the skin, “If I’m away from you for a moment, I’ll be dead.”
She is hardly gone for a second when John turns to Sherlock. This time, Sherlock pretends to be invested for a few seconds more, and then sets the autopsy paper down, leaning back in his chair.
“How much can you remember it?” They’re still spinning, the cold ground crunching beneath Sherlock’s shoes, trampled into a circle they trace.
Gladstone takes an interest in the mist past Sherlock. His wet, fish eyes are pinpointing something that Sherlock cannot see in the white. Sherlock wants to ask about it. Speaking will break the settled, heavy silence. Sherlock can’t decide whether or not he wants to do just that. Perhaps breaking it will be the end of this horrible, dreading wait. Perhaps it will be the catalyst.
John lifts from Gladstone’s salty hide and wonders at him, an enraptured expression. His eyes fill with understanding.
John’s hand wraps around the back of his neck and tugs him down. His lips are dry and cracked and Sherlock tastes salt and gritty sand when their mouths collide, noses bumping. It’s relief, relief and reassurance that they both remain alive and unchanged. Whatever reservations John held before the Races have been kicked to the wind.
She’s smiling knowingly. She knows everything. Well, not everything, but somehow, she always has a handle on what’s going through Sherlock’s mind. She lifts a hand to cover one of his, still gripping the magazine, and lowers it to the table, forcing eye contact with a stern motherly gaze.
stallion. The giant shadowed sign that kept John from dying in the caverns beneath Thisby. Gladstone’s been John’s beacon, his goal, for a long time. What about when that’s behind him?
Using that memory, John pulls close to the edge of road, bumping the car up just a bit onto the grass as he brakes to a halt. If they kept driving, the road would stop a half a kilometer ahead into field and rock outcroppings, just before the drop of steep cliffs. Sherlock has driven out there, wearing jockey goggles he has never used to keep his eyes open against the wind and salt thrown up from down on the jagged, unforgiving rocks.
Lestrade steps down on the other side of the rock, greeted by a smaller man with a clap on his back, holding his sliced hand against his abdomen. The next rider steps up onto the mounting rock.
Sherlock stares pointedly at the cat with no tail, holding the door frame to prevent his former landlady from walking inside. The cat seems to scowl in return. Sherlock’s frown deepens. “No, she does
Sherlock smears hot liquid from his lip away, glancing at his hand. Rain is washing away the blood from his face, staining his clothing. Everything aches.
she is, again!” Then he mutters something about people of Thisby worshipping this Watson, and is back to his luring lines.
"I’ll have to conduct all of these reports in the morning. Sherlock, and over the next few days,” he adds. Sherlock finally looks away from John, back to being fascinated with his case. “The pictures and the toxicology reports are back at the station, in the notary’s office. I’ll bring them to you first thing in the morning.”
“You're holding him too high,” John says, breaking his silence. Against the cliff he is leaning, one shoulder pushing into the chalk and crumbly bits littering over his jacket.
In doing this, John has dragged himself very close to the reaching waterline, and the effects are written all over Gladstone’s figure. Where once his hooves slapped down without flinching, his legs begin to tremble slightly, and he leans closer to the ocean than he does the cliffs. He’s so far ahead that it doesn’t matter, but the danger of hitting the water and drowning John is present. Was present.
stops instantly, stepping backwards, ears pistoning back and forth, listening to each noise in the stable. Curiously, Gladstone tilts his head towards Redbeard’s stall.
As if Gladstone couldn’t pull away if he wanted to. But now the water horse is oddly entranced, and Sherlock can’t help thinking, if Mary was here, or the piebald, how the scent of the water carried on the air would lead them flying over the edge of the world. But the champion horse, hair braided in threes and sevens, thick leather saddle high up on his belly, just touches the ground with his nostrils meekly, fanning the grass with his long and even breaths.
John fumbles for words. He doesn’t look shaken, not quite, but certainly on edge. Sherlock understands. They hadn’t been expecting this sort of letter from Moriarty -- perhaps another clue, a hint as to the expansive reach Moriarty has over the criminal world, a threat. But not a blatant invitation.
Even Henry Knight, with his wide, almost-fearful eyes and light questions, seemed a tad too hungry for information than John could handle. No, he couldn’t sell him a
The initial nudge of John’s finger against his hole is enough to make him keen. It’s alien, unfamiliar territory, and Sherlock’s breath comes in faster, drawing out of him in a long sigh when John sinks his index into him.
Through the scarf, Sherlock can feel the warm press of a tiny hand against his skin. The simplicity of it dazzles him.
the last man in line and the owner of the tourist trap of a shop, who’d left just before Sherlock stepped up, she poises her chalk.
He folds the carpet back into place and successfully hides the scratches from anyone (name: Mrs Hudson, while dusting or attempting to force tea into him) who may walk into the sitting room.
“Shut the door, could you?” He asks gently. Sherlock feels the wind as he latches the lock into place.
After the crack of a gun, beating hooves tore up the always-changing sand. They ran the horses on the beach, a pale line between the churning sea and the chalk cliffs.
, Henry Knight, needs to be sold his thoroughbreds, and stalls must be mucked. Hay must be distributed from the dusty lofts, and water refilled. Maybe veterinarians need to be phoned in, if some mare has a twisted ankle or an overstretched tendon in her neck. Then Sherlock remembers that that last one is one of John Watson’s many jobs.
John pulls him back into position. Sherlock can feel John's heart against his back. He wishes he could listen for nothing else the rest of his life. “Sherlock Holmes, that woman adores you. I've barely met her, and I know it for a fact. She would never kick you out.”
Anderson affixes him with what is surely meant to be a withering stare, but with his cheek twitching so irritably, it comes off as revoltingly insecure. How bad it must feel to have an outside consultant do your job better. Sherlock smiles tightly, self-assured, and crosses into the foyer of the house with Lestrade.
His dreams consist of the way the sun looks when it hits the chalk cliffs, blinding him. The day is clear until it isn’t. The sea turns black then red.
“You’d have to ask Molly,” Sherlock says, aware that Molly would never agree but unwilling to deny the boy. She hardly agreed to let Sherlock haul grain and flour for her from the mill, a month ago. She doesn’t like the Races and doesn’t take any interest or pleasure in watching them.
White-hot frustration overtakes him. He clutches John by the arms again, reassessing once more. “John! You-- that - that was the most
Some days, the ocean is real and blue, teeming with green and the sand that the light shows. But this late morning it is all choppy black. It feels like he’s gone on a quest to the arctic to find the North Pole; where all compasses point true, and he looks around, expecting to see the jagged starts of ice. Nothing but cliffs and more black water, and a bit of red sand that is being licked away by the sea.
She looks up at the sound of the bell chiming above the door that Sherlock holds open for John. “Oh, Sherlock,” she says. She points a slim finger to the back, where Sherlock can hear Archie clattering baking sheets. “I can go get him for you.”
“In your story, you are both the king, and the looking-glass?” Sherlock says, belatedly pulling up snippets of
His skin is all gooseflesh- prickling up and standing the hairs over the back of his neck and his arms. If Thisby is made of island magic, he and John are surely made from it too.
Moriarty’s obsession with Sherlock has crossed the line into affecting John’s life, risking it. There's no compromise. A dark, hard pit of anger blooms in Sherlock’s chest.
The notary’s stubbled cheeks twitch. The messily smeared ink over his collar and neck says Donovan’s in the other room, and Sherlock had burst in at a very inconvenient time. He doesn’t care.
Why would he? He very nearly murdered John. Sherlock mumbles into John’s hair, “Not at all. It’s impressive.” And, if he’s honest, a bit arousing. The thought makes his face flush hot.
in which Sherlock emerges unscathed. She collects her empty teacup and rises, flitting to the sink. “Did you ever solve that murder? Right up your alley, that tourist poisoning. Oh, god, what was his name? Poor man.”
He digs into his ratty olive green waistcoat pocket and pulls out something that looks like a necklace, then steps forward to hand it off to the light-haired man, who takes it and presses it against her cheekbone.
bite dips into his hand among a mass of shiny scar tissue, the way his other fingers are curled up. The
John’s eyes are downcast, not looking to Sherlock’s face. Why isn’t he looking? Panic clogs his mind. John had been so close to forgiving him, although Sherlock hardly apologized and it’s not nearly enough, and John could never be satisfied with him, not after he acted so abhorrently, not after he left John out of the plan--
Sherlock nods. He takes John’s jacket elbow and they hurry down the empty hallway, even the faintest of noises echoing against the blank corners. In here, they needn’t be scared of any
Sherlock's knees bounce up and down, both of them, like a child kicking out his legs. He's getting antsy and frustrated. Like always, it comes with squirming. “John, you're being cryptic. You are saying anything that means something, you're just saying words.”
“There's a storm coming,” Someone says. Sherlock doesn't open his eyes. Doesn't register they’ve fallen closed. “Will you come back to my flat?”
“Oh, John--” Sherlock begins, but John gently tugs on his hand with both of his. Sherlock takes the hint, and stands up.
She's right, of course, as Sherlock is loathe to admit even to himself. He can't promise he won't get hurt.
Gladstone hisses softly as John pulls his lead further, urging the horse to move a few paces. One step, and he’s there already, against a rocky outcropping of misshapen, wind-and-salt-beaten stones, all worn smooth and tired. John draws his circle, and Gladstone’s head plummets, lips twitching to the saltgrass. For an extra measure, Sherlock watches him fix the lead to the thinning trunk of a small tree growing out of the rocks.
Ahead is Moriarty and an unidentified man. Moriarty raises a shotgun to something Sherlock can’t see, past a line of broken fences. The scream pounds in his head. John has to give up his hold on Sherlock in favor of pulling Gladstone into a stop. This is not easy, the water horse is ready to charge away, over cliffs, and into the sea.
John ducks below Gladstone’s massive head (never do that, Sherlock distinctly remembers being told, even with an island pony), and laughs at the sight. “I’ve got you,” He laughs, “Wait just a minute.”
“John, Sherlock,” Mike begins. He is less relaxed than Sherlock has ever seen him in this church. This is completely his domain, and yet, his tight posture conveys his need for secrecy in this moment. His eyes dart past the pair of them, towards the doors they’ve come in through.
He strides in the open door, gets a good whiff of whiskey and booze and vomit and sweat, and the further he manages his way to the back past roaring men, the warmer it becomes with the heat of bodies and space heaters that he knows Janine keeps behind the counter. It’s all oppressive, not unlike Gladstone on the beach this morning, air heavy and hot… He stands at the bar, cold hands in his long jacket pockets, staring up at the blackboard with the racing odds. He hardly gets to study it at all before someone’s voice cuts in.
John Watson's insult makes Sherlock petulant about this matter) canter far up the island. The better feed is already making his belly shrink, making his legs work faster.
situation,” Sherlock says, annoyed with John’s cool exterior. He throws up an arm and gestures around them, where tourists are crowding every meter of land. A Scorpio rhythm drifts on the wind, along with the passing scent of seasalt and November cake glaze.
John lets go of him as they come into view of the manor house. It’s large, by any standards, but especially by Thisby’s. Half the lights in the windows are on, shutters strapped down to the walls to prevent them flinging in the island wind. Dark paint, old architecture style, expensive doors. John doesn’t knock, just walks in. Right. Moriarty’s office must be in one of these rooms, and after working for him for so long, John may have gotten tired of waiting for someone to answer the doorbell.
His hand returns, slick and wet with some lubricant from the glass bottle on his bedstand, enveloping the whole of Sherlock’s cock. It’s tight and gripping and
The tourists and islanders stand out of the path of the giant water horse, an unending river of movement as they migrate, prepping for the final race of the year. The crowd consumes John’s shape, and then Gladstone heads down the sandy incline, disappearing from view below the chalk. The last Sherlock sees are his long ears, pricked and hungry.
Irene Adler, without the outfit and the tail and the head, has replaced the mare goddess. She’s an intimidating person, made meek only by necessity tonight. She must act. Still, she looks like someone who’s never spilled a drop of tea on herself, who's always been well-put and clever, even on horseback. Sherlock didn't think it was possible to have gotten his deduction wrong, of who was beneath the horse head, because there's no way Irene Adler could change so quickly...
“Please. I’ve found my matching pair and it isn’t the house.” John steps to Sherlock, laying a warm touch on Sherlock’s waist and grinning broadly.
In the end, John does not ask him not to race. Sherlock can see he’d like to, but John respects him too much to try.
He steps closer. “Did the others enjoy this?” Sherlock asks carefully, releasing the fact that he did enjoy it. Of course he did. Only fools wouldn’t. Champion water horse aside, John was behind him, keeping him rooted to the ground as Gladstone leapt and galloped.
Sherlock says dryly, with no hint of amusement, “Does your wife know about that tourist that you and the butcher's son shared?” Sherlock asks, tilting his head as the wind ruffles his hair from behind, giving him a crown of sea-twisted curls. It's unclear whether or not the man is aware of the girl's death, and even if he does, extremely unlikely that he assisted in the murder in anyway, because the butcher's son said nothing of it when put into custody. Sherlock will report this to Lestrade when he gets back to town. No murder, but there's still a good amount of criminal activity that law enforcement can be made aware of.
“John, in all the years you’ve worked for him, has Moriarty ever been known to leave his rooms unlocked?”
“How did you know there had been a murder?” John grunts, hauling himself up by another tiny brick. The plaster crumbles underhand and he drops a few relative-feet back down, landing skillfully. He dusts himself off, unharmed. Not getting out that way.
He has been so preoccupied with Moriarty, with the murder cases that share no connection but must be somehow related, with John and Redbeard that he had not remembered Magnussen, who would be down on the racing beaches with him in only a few days.
John’s boots step into view. Sherlock looks up from under his lashes. John crouches on his good knee, sliding a hand to rest on Sherlock’s lower thigh. He squeezes tenderly, thumb rubbing Sherlock’s patella, right where Sherlock’s leg is bandaged under his trousers.
But then he’s stumbling, tripping over his own hooves, his own ankles and desideratum, the urge to flee. Selfishly, Sherlock does not care that Redbeard may strike a half-hidden rock that the grass growing high and brown may conceal. What matters is that he gets away from the mess, away from the questions that have been seeded and sewed like strangling ivy--
Sherlock next glowers up at Hope. He almost wants to stick out his tongue - but the situation is too dire for that, so early. He almost wants to laugh.
Sherlock looks away. “You could've dreamt of aliens. Or flying rainbows. Why did you have to dream about my fake sister?”
John smiles, “Yes, your Sherlock, he’s managed to convince me how my lingering injury was only psychosomatic.”
John is not creative, not brilliant as this man whom he loves. Sherlock's been on the phone with a distressed child before - over the fake painting. There has been an imagined dog in a time before. He can't come up with anything original. Recycled. It's all been done.
John touches his face, rubs his bloody thumb against Sherlock's cheek, pale tidepools staring into Sherlock’s eyes. They flicker from eye to eye, then crinkle as John smiles weakly. The smear of Gladstone’s blood makes the hair behind his left ear stick up, congealed.
John draws in a sharp breath. Sherlock glances to his shocked expression. After a moment, John exhales, closing his eyes with a smirk playing over his thin lips. “It was you. I was right, you
But Sherlock drags him out all the same. The air is chaste and crisp, striking against his face and pinkening his ears. God. How the cold bothers him. It dives beneath his skin and wedges and wiggles there, like bugs.
Its hooves devour prodigious amounts of soil and high grasses, it barely leaves the ground for more than a millisecond, and it seems to be miles closer.
Now, John’s voice goes soft. The thumb keeps rubbing. Sherlock’s eyes drift shut, centering on the gentle pressure on his leg. Back and forth, back and forth. It’s the single good thing in the universe. “You did.” A pause. “It could’ve been so, so much worse.”
John slaps his reeking notebook down onto the coffee table. "Treating man-eating monsters with indigestion goes about as well as you'd expect."
He hadn’t known that John had it with him when he came here, or when he went to the tavern last night, but it makes sense, sort of. He may have been recording Mary’s sprinting times, or something akin to that, or just everyday barn life at the Stockyard. Maybe even some thoughts of his about the Races.
Unfortunately, John isn’t chewing, so the man sputters with a fork in his hand, to Sherlock’s disdain, “We’re not--”
“You’re sure of this,” Mrs Hudson says, holding Sherlock’s saddle pad for him. Her lipstick is bright red today, and the blue over her eyelids seems like a tired shadow, like bleak clouds.
“Stop it,” Sherlock hushes him as Molly makes a reappearance. They both straighten like schoolboys caught out and feign serious expressions.
He returns to the castle with a tissue, ripping off a piece and setting it down in the courtyard. He crumples up the rest and tosses it somewhere in the flat.
On the cliffs, Sherlock has no clue how John trusted Gladstone to be so close to the sea. Then again, Sherlock has no clue as to why he himself trusted Redbeard to remain with Gladstone and not be frightened, but the horse was happily grinding weak grass between his molars when they came to fetch him.
of tired horses, sleepy ponies, rustling in the hay on their floors, or in the sand by their hooves.
The bone-chilling faces of the horses swing down and up, side to side, predatory eyes focused forward, darting to Sherlock’s neck, as if assessing weak points. Sherlock tucks his chin, and Hope reins in Hydria, drawing the horse’s long mouth and wet teeth back as the bit moves up, up, up. The rein plays tricks with Sherlock's grip on the reins and slicks his hair against his forehead.
Emboldened, John shakes his head, pressing his lips together. “Nope. You don’t.” It isn’t denial that he presses forward with, its utter conviction. “You want more pieces in your game, don’t you?”
He looks out to the sea now and takes special care in holding the right side of the reins, the side away from where he’s facing, just in case Redbeard trusts him too much and they go walking off the side of the cliff.
The horse is nervous. It's obvious in every step he takes, every flick of his ear or twitch of a muscle. The
The day breaks and the dappled early-morning light filters through the veil of drawn curtains, throwing muted yellow over John’s hip and highlighting the back of his head.
He’d read those reports without a care, he should've paid attention, but they were so minute that he hasn't disposed of their content to make room, there must be
One more glance to the stack of thickly bound books. Has this table always been in this hallway? It doesn’t really matter, Moriarty can move any book any way he likes. John pushes into the office without another thought.
And, shockingly, it’s not motivated by the rush of the Races, like absolutely everything is this time of year.
He’s right, of course, Sherlock’s ragged mind supplies, propped up on his elbows to peer at John, winded, he can’t very well kick off his trousers if his shoes are on. Not as easily or as promptly as he would like. John sits back after a last kiss to Sherlock’s face, right above his brow on a singular freckle. It’s nearly too sweet, and it makes sweat break out over Sherlock’s body independently of the rising ambient temperature.
“Doesn't mean you don't need one,” Hope’s grin never leaves his face. The light’s not right, however, so Sherlock can't tell if the expression is born out of sadism or genuine amusement. He stares at the bruise. “A little birdie told me you fancied having a trip to the mainland. Looking for your big brother, then, eh?”
Coming from him, the statement seems much more ominous than it had when Sherlock had himself thought so.
stallion stumbles forward from the fringes of the beach, the massive black horse wading in the crowds. Its powerful gaze urges the stragglers of the crowd to disperse, to go back to hawking food at the riders and buyers or haggling over insurance and prices, and to be more well spread over the tract of useable beach instead of condensed here. The dramatics are finished.
Sherlock sits straight up in the saddle, alert and searching. He snaps his head around, inhales, but there is no smell of salt and vinegar or brine, no red tide, and there is no sound of unearthly wailing.
Sherlock moves the board for him and John, and they get behind the barrier of the dark desk, avoiding Anderson’s till, eyes sweeping for stray files. John bends to pull open the cabinets under the counter, and Sherlock watches him begin to rifle through a few files.
This thrills Sherlock’s senses, sending everything all firing again, in case the message from John’s kisses weren’t clear enough. “I was under the impression that I was already trouble.” John is so close, he can still feel his warm breath over his face. A flare of irritation at Mike persists through this relaxing touch.
before, let alone from two of them. Yet, even if all three of them were set on foot on the earth, Sherlock would still be at odds, would still be threatened. "Is this your way of getting rid of me?"
Despite efforts, it is still impossible to be warm. As if she’s read his mind, motherly as always, Mrs Hudson pipes up, setting down her clean baking dish on the countertop. “I can get the fire going for you boys,” she offers, and slips away.
There are pages that Sherlock knows are years old, small tables and racing notes about horses that have long since returned to the ocean. He moves forward, past these and to recent events.
John snatches a glance at him, then focuses his eyes back on the road. He’s not bad at driving at all, Sherlock decides, watching for a second the way his leg muscles work when pressing the Ford for more speed, the same way he presses Gladstone.
The deep beat of the Scorpio drums, echoing all over Skarmouth, sets up a background noise, thumping out a Scorpio rhythm for the whole town to hear. The sound slices through the cold air in a million places, driving like sewing needles into wind-hardened skin. This Skarmouth is dark and distant, shaking and powerful. Skarmouth is both a water horse and the sea tonight - horses are painted in vibrant colors on wooden boards and nailed up over the edges of buildings, wards to keep their namesake's away, the wind sounds like waves as it beats through narrow alleys. The potency of the Races is bleeding through all the cracks in the windows, the splinters in the walls, the seams of the streets.
Sherlock’s mouth flattens. John is sitting on his shoulder like a parrot, still utterly lost in his sham role of a magical knight, and here Sherlock is, half-fantasizing! Perhaps Sherlock really should have taped him under a jar in the flat while he was out. Screw the possibility of running out of oxygen.
So used to the bare, flat land and rocks and pastures made of hard dirt and dry grass, Sherlock feels strange even thinking about walking on town stone. But, here he is again, watching teenagers knock down the paper lanterns strung up all across street lamps and telephone wires down the streets. The waves of bicycles pile up on every wall that isn’t already taken by someone smoking, or, occasionally, vomiting from too much drink.
He heads to his room to change, and remove his waistcoat. And then it's down to the cellar kitchen, where Mrs Hudson is washing a trio of mugs.
for sale or practicing here on the beach can look at him and can smell his fear. They can smell Sherlock’s, too, through the mist and the wind that’s ripped it to bits, throwing all the men and horses on the beach into sharp detail. Hell, Sherlock can smell his own damn fear. He repeats to himself, in time with the ocean waves, that he is not afraid. The emotion slowly suppresses down below his lungs.
Sherlock wonders if the silence is because John gets these comments a lot, and then berates himself for wondering. The way Hope is talking about Sherlock without addressing him, though he stands right by John, clearly not invisible, makes Sherlock feel very small. So, he shuts the feeling off altogether.
Lestrade sighs, sliding a few coins onto the counter beside his few empty glasses. He puts a fist next to his mouth, holding in a belch, stomach tight. He isn’t drunk, just drank too much too quickly, though he certainly couldn’t serve as an officer at the moment.
The pistol neatly fits into his hand, just the way it had the day he stole it from Lestrade. The metal rubs his palm in a very different way than the violin’s bow does - where the violin is flowing, curving wood, the pistol is all unforgiving, hard lines.
John tilts his head to the right, nodding to Sherlock with a big, meltingly-fat smile on his face. “Don't worry. I'm not a drunkard unlike some of the men on this island, I want you to try a couple fingers of scotch. Do you...?” He points a short finger to the back of the bar.
He snaps back to attention. John is looking at him, while Musgrave, stupid thing, butts her head against John’s fingers, hoping for a pity-scratch.
There is no time to think about John’s soft hands over his skin, the way Sherlock has fitted so nicely against him, the fact that he would love nothing more than being able to do it all again and again. But the time has come and gone, much like the flashing, quick way that John had pressed his lips against Sherlock’s hand the night of the storm - it was a mere comfort, something the situation demanded, and something that will not be repeated again.
The image on the doors is of the mare goddess in true form, Epona, god of horses, represented as a giant mare against a scene of blue sea and high cliffs. The light from inside the church shines through the colored glass, making the glass glow. The wind blows up the scent of ocean water and ancient wood.
“And if the contents of the envelope are different?” John leads Sherlock’s thought process, providing him a steady railway to cover.
John shifts until he can see Sherlock’s face settled against his shoulder. Sherlock gives him a smile, at once too lazy to move and too tired to get the sun out of his eyes. John can’t reach his mouth because of the angle, so he drops a kiss against Sherlock’s hair. It’s stunning in its gentleness. It's not enough, so Sherlock sits up slowly before leaning forwards again, the whole of his side pressed into John. He would love nothing more than to fall and lay down with John beside him - right here at the back edge of the island.
- you’ve just said it, Lestrade, no cat! Small scuffle before the killing blow evident on her fingernails, the carpet, before you came in, and on the
He waves a hand, pretending to cooperate, at least for another few minutes, until after Lestrade leaves. Best to not let him in on the plan. Lestrade is always against a few things, one being Sherlock running around in Skarmouth or Tholla after dark, and two being Sherlock sneaking into his offices. After dark, or in the daytime. Anytime, really.
Sherlock would like to sit across from John and marvel at his face, but the day is clear and bright and, true to Thisby weather, rain could be around any corner. Best to get the most out of their last day. They should go back outside. Sherlock needs to see Redbeard still, and retrieve the Ford from the back of the pub. Separation from John does not appeal in the slightest, especially after Sherlock spent all day and night with the man.
Then Watson’s expression turns away, and Sherlock is stuck staring at the back of his head as he makes his way towards the black stallion.
The rider stands, leaving Sherlock sat in the wet sand alone, the surf shoving at his feet and calves rhythmically.
Sherlock sits up, ears ringing and on the defensive. With one pair of pants between the two of them, he can’t manage a good enough glare.
The worst part is that John doesn’t notice. Sherlock doesn’t know why he would want John to see him, scared and weakened, but each time John’s witnessed Sherlock’s meltdowns, Sherlock has been left for the better - even after John told him to stay off the beaches. He had settled. He cannot settle now.
With high ceilings and arching doorways, it's a wonder the owner was able to make the architecture look so ugly just by filling it with reproachable decorations. The only forgivable additions are the family portraits, and even then they toe the line. A smiling pair of brides at a wedding, the same women in candid shots across a span of time. Family, yellowed photographs of long-gone dogs, shots of lilac bushes in the summer and ponds in autumn orange.
There’s a little cleft in his chin, just a dimple, Sherlock sees when Watson turns his head, small, insignificant and barely there, but Sherlock doesn’t think he has the willpower to look away.
“Mind your damned feet!” Someone holding a roan horse yells at him. Sherlock startles, and looks down, to where he's scuffed the outline of a circle in the sand. When he tries to bend and redraw it, the man shouts, brisk, “Nevermind!” The roan horse tugs toward the break in the circle as Sherlock leaves.
Sherlock’s next project is to shove the coffee table up next to the sofa and fold the carpet over to push the castle across the floor of the sitting room. With great effort, it begins to slide, leaving long shallow scratches on the hardwood. It’s heavy, and it really is made of rock and wood and paint and carvings, because trying to push it is absolute
A burst of wind rushes to meet his face as he shuts it, blurring the grass into lines outside the fence, where it hasn’t been eaten by Josey.
Sherlock clears his throat, waiting for John to disembark. John steps onto Sherlock’s scarf, slipping in the cloth for a moment, then hanging onto the collar of Sherlock’s coat.
Sherlock risks lifting his eyes from the sea towards the sky, where gulls screech questions from above, gliding on the air that funnels, cut by the cliffs. The guillemots in the rocks of the shore make as raucous cries as the terns nesting in the cliff face. Sherlock smells seaweed and fish and the dusky smell of bird feathers and mites.
“If you want the dead horse, you’ll have to go fishing.” At this rate, the Ford will rust before he ever gets back to it.
Sherlock makes an icky face when they get up, compelled to really try the scotch like John insisted. After a second, he tips the glass up and swallows the rest, liquid burning the back of his throat, and the warmth traveling to his stomach and flushing out through red cheeks.
“You said you told him you were racing. You said you spoke with him about the racing odds. Sherlock--”
The watch is on Watson’s wrist again, just like at the festival. It hadn’t been there at the beach, or in the tavern. Must not be waterproof, like almost everything made on Thisby is. It has to be, with Thisby’s weather. It does not tick, does not reveal the passage of time. It's broken.
“Please,” Sherlock manages, his voice only slightly louder than a rush of breath that comes with it, sweeping away the words like the winds on the beach. The
Had something truly pushed Mycroft from the island? Perhaps Thisby became so cold that even Mycroft, full of ice, had turned away.
Because that’s what John is, isn’t it? Island magic. Soft, whispered, come-alive-at-night magic, that keeps Skarmouth and Tholla safe and the seas so raucous. The magic that calmed Mary, that made Gladstone scream, that has made John such a wild success in the Races.
“You are the most insane man I’ve ever met.” Incredulous, John laughs, high and strained and full of adrenaline. He kneels down, handling the papers away from Sherlock.
And he warned me about you, little while after I saw those articles in the paper. He even set up that little warm up for you, yesterday. Brilliant stuff, might I say.”
He still snaps, “Look how many places there are to put your fat bottom, Lestrade.” Lestrade isn't even fat. Damn. He could've made a poke about his wife leaving him again. It would've been more effective. An eye twitches.
“I suppose no one will mind when he goes missing,” Sherlock says. He's desperate to get John to say something back.
“Moriarty was clear that he didn’t want me skulking about the Yard. Why would he change his mind suddenly?” It must be to throw another ploy into Sherlock’s life, to aggravate John, to distract them from the Races.
“I’ve been thinking about those pair of duns,” Henry says absently, looking away and to a commotion about auctioning across the Yard. The wind blows his hair back. He takes off his gloves. “I’ve been thinking about visiting the beaches.”
“The racing festival? What’s happening when the Races come around?” Molly asks. She takes the basket of stale rolls into the back. Sherlock follows, like he usually does when talking to her, avoiding the swinging back door and the boundaries she's laid out with everyone else. The whole place smells tantalizingly of honey and herbs.
“You could find out. Just how I can find out that Miss Donovan’s in the other room, just like I found out that your
“People who go to the mainland don't often contact their family…” The greying man said, dusting off his waistcoat. He then reached up to scratch at his cheek. “We get missing persons reports from the family members all the time. In reality, they just go to the mainland and fall out of contact. It happens all the time. Nothing to be worried about; I'm sure your brother is fine.”
mare back to the ocean. Who else could anyone on the island trust with a water horse? She’s not for someone else to take, not to sell by old island standards, and is only the dead boy’s payment for racing. There is more debt required in the Races than the fifty coins to enter.
“I am a man of excellent education. I am the organizer of half that is evil and all that is undetected on this great island… You need me, and my chatter about business, or you’re nothing. Not on this island.” He shrugs without care. “No one on this island is anything without me.”
Gladstone’s long face looks like a proper horse’s, but is it that which unsettles Sherlock. He is accustomed to the water horse looking more fish than horse. His jaw is round, legs thick and even, neck muscled like a working pony. Evidently, the charms have made him more pony than ever, but they are what jerk him. Where the bells touch him, he crow-hops away as if whipped, stalling and starting, uncoordinated.
Maybe this is a bad idea. A very bad idea. But Sherlock's in a room full of people who have the same idea. Perhaps it isn't terrible...
The three of them are in work right now; both companions pull together to place a breastplate-like chain of mail over and around Gladstone's chest and withers, hard bells and iron nails sewn into the material, while Hope whispers to Gladstone from a safe distance. John is always closer to Gladstone’s face, a dance of mislaid trust between the two of them.
Sherlock leans forward and swings a leg behind him, then dismounts, remaining on Redbeard’s shaky left side. Of course. Redbeard doesn’t know the
Something in his throat is thick and cloying, blocking all words. As soon as he sees John’s face, the air goes warm and fuzzy and golden. The memory of the stuffy, oppressive office begins to fade.
Again follows that immeasurable silence, and Watson is again that point of frightening stillness. Then, “Holmes, when the Races are about proving something about yourself to others, the people you beat are as important as the horse you ride.”
Sherlock approaches, sand and pebbles crunching under his shoes, pretending to be wary and emboldened with an aching lip. He avoids stepping on a small stray dog as he walks. It yips and the blonde mare huffs out a hungry breath through her nose. It curls in the cold air, but is gone nearly immediately, the thickening wind sweeps it away, blowing the foul smell towards Sherlock.
Because Sherlock wasn’t going to try picking it up, either. He was not throwing out his back for that thing.
Men come and go, watching the Scorpio sea before heading back up after a quarter of an hour or so. It’s a tourist destination to them, a sight-seeing spot.
"I invited him," Lestrade says to him. Sherlock stands silently by, waiting for Anderson to get over himself. "Look, we know it's him, so let's just get on with it. Sherlock?"
“I think it's just him. He's got one foot in the ocean and one on the land. No one knows the water horses better than him. He's the one to beat.” Stamford speaks with a touch of fondness, and something a little too knowledgeable.
His mouth twists. Brutality and force was never a strength of his, but no one can win on will and calculations alone.
He clutches harder to John’s middle, laying his face on John’s shoulder and feeling the smooth gait of Gladstone’s rocking beneath them, considering what is to come. The letter, only a small piece of paper, feels extraordinarily heavy in his coat pocket, like it is weighing him down to the ocean depths.
“Your odds are high,” Sherlock repeats, “and so are your spirits.” He pauses, and then lies, “I take it the talk with Moriarty went well?”
John leans away from him, pushing his own face close to Gladstone’s. Rapt, Sherlock watches him wrench the water horse’s great head down, and there is a blur of flat teeth. Gladstone’s lips are wrinkled back far past the reach of his mouth. He is a monster.
“You know it’s him, he’s toying with you because there’s no hard evidence. The stories, the seeds, the letter,” John gestures to Sherlock’s coat, “it’s a trick, Sherlock. His focus is
What on earth is he looking for? What is following Hope going to do? There isn't really a formal parade going on. He sets his jaw in irritation when a man going the opposite way as him bumps against his shoulder. Maybe Sherlock should be following him.
Watson’s up by the front of the long line, next up, after the beefy man who might be the butcher’s son, who speaks to Janine with a drunk, lazy smile. A younger woman in a dress is pressed near to the butcher's side. Watson's black coat collar is turned up against the back of his neck, hiding his musical hairline. He's not looking at anyone, he's staring at the ground, minding his own business. Everyone is being jostled or pushed by the crowd, but no one is jostling or pushing Watson.
John’s eyes widen. He's near enough in the dark that Sherlock can track a rivulet running between his brows. Slowly, John shakes his head.
John even pulls out a kitchen chair with a scrape against the old floorboards and sits beside him. “Do you see anything?”
They sit until Gladstone’s low cry pulls their combined attention. Even then, Sherlock contemplates letting whatever is annoying the water horse to keep doing it so he may stay like this.
“He’s a good boy,” Mrs Hudson taps Sherlock on the cheek, and Sherlock does not move, instead staring at another paper with no intention of reading. “You know, the pickpockets in Skarmouth are all afraid of him, he loves his cases, and those murders are right up his street.” She is up now and starting to wash a dish she used for baking, some weird circular, sticky piece. “John, if you’ll be needing it, do you mind the sofa? The spare’s all cluttered.”
John whispers into Gladstone’s shoulder. Gladstone’s long head drops within reach, his ears, one torn, drop lazily forward. John’s sturdy hands stutter, the slightest hesitation. He unbuckles the throatlatch of the bridle, carefully drawing the tangled reins and headpiece over Gladstone’s face. The
Sherlock will have to sell Redbeard, and his mainland-imported violin, and everything he owns. He’ll have to work at the mill. The mill has worker housing. But he doesn’t want a life at the mill.
“God,” John groans, out of breath. His sweat-slick forehead drops to Sherlock’s sternum. “It’s fucking
that convinces the last hesitant bits of Sherlock of John’s authenticity. Mycroft would not stage a murder of a citizen to make a point, and Mycroft would never call him brilliant. Or outstanding. Or 'nice'.
Sherlock sucks in breaths through his teeth, shallower and shallower, spraying salt on the forced exhale, and the
“What could you gain from a conversation with me, Sherlock Holmes? We’ve hardly ever spoken before,” Moriarty drawls. Then he smiles like a barn cat. “The Great Sherlock Holmes, solving all the mysteries of the island. Don’t look at me like that. I know all about your hobbies. I’m the most powerful man on the island.”
He lets himself be repulsive, sinks deeper into John's comfort. His mouth runs on, still low in volume, hardly a rumble.
Even if he took every odd job in the town, every steady one, and every part time one, he wouldn't make enough money to do even one of those things. Not in five years.
“With you,” John answers, breathless. “When I retired last to my case, I had the sword. I remember.”
Sherlock forces these things from his mind, intently watching John pull his pants and chosen riding trousers on, ones with dark leather patches sewn along the inner thighs. Would it be so terrible to close the curtains and stay in bed until the evening, and forget about the Races?
For all the world, John looks just as he had the afternoon he shot Jefferson Hope and his companion. Unperturbed, detached. Like a civic duty has been done. John is the island as much as he is the sea, tumultuous yet rigid, balanced in his disturbance.
John is restful in sleep, Sherlock has seen so far as he’s been awake, his hair pressed up on his face on one side, mashed against the pillow. He’s slack, unconscious, serene.
He’d been playing, that was, until Redbeard had picked his head up from his expensive flakes of hay on the poor grass down by his hooves and pricked his short ears, glaring into the distance. They're just outside the stables, lounging around after a cold day of sprints and breaks on the green cliff pastures. Since they've come back, a thin haze has settled over Thisby in the evening light. Usually, the wind on this side of the island would chase it away and send it to Skarmouth, the mill, and the Stockyard, but now, it is oddly hushed, and the land is still.
Warily, with intent, he unclasps the knot at the girth strap. His fingers shake clumsily, and Gladstone’s skin is clammy-hot and wet. Gladstone’s saddle and his teal colours splash into the water around his ankles.
Sherlock first thought of the Races when he was ten. It had never been a possibility before then, and it never would, afterwards.
He searched for a code, something that might explain why Mycroft had stopped writing. There was nothing.
But Gladstone is not paying attention to anything but John, and when John takes a step away to attempt a circle in the grasses, Gladstone rocks with him. Sherlock has to haul himself up swiftly, lest he be dislodged, clinging to the saddle horn and trying in vain to get a leg over the rise. Gladstone dances again as John moves back, threatening to throw Sherlock to the ground.
If you’re on tumblr and liked this, consider reblogging my post about this fic! https://fourthvvall.tumblr.com/post/185256123834/show-chapter-archive
He could capture one. He could wait on the beach at night, with a harness of bells and mind of wit. What's cleverness going to do, when he's facing the devil, in the form of a man eating horse, twice as tall and large as a Clydesdale, or any island pony?
they’ve killed. They are charmed, magic— wickedly sharp and expert at slicing muscle and water horse hide. John’s blood begins to thrum at the sight of it, and he whispers to himself to quell it all.
Moriarty crumples, momentum going wide. He lands dead at the cliff edge. There’s a black hole in the back of his head.
Upstairs, he pulls the lights on, unsurprised that his room looks as though a hurricane has barreled through it. Across from the door lay dozens of books, haphazardly piled into stacks or castles of encyclopedias. He steps in, shuts the door, and makes his way shakily to the closet, sifting through for his warmest things. Or, should he look for his most attractive items of clothing, his
But John doesn’t need showing. “I know. They were right, but that was the only thing they were right about. Yesterday morning, when I was looking for you at the station. Donovan…”
John’s jaw is tight and locked, the gleam of faraway ocean moonlight spilling over his unassuming stance.
Sherlock untucks the violin, standing from his seat, a cheap bale that he won’t allow Redbeard to eat anymore, and looks in the direction Redbeard peers.
The hands push him up into Redbeard’s sea-slicked saddle. Sherlock trembles, and Redbeard does the same when he collapses forward to hug and clutch the stallion’s mane and neck. The muscles jump and twitch harshly under his touch.
John tempts fate further, like looking a water horse in the mouth. “What is it that you want? It isn’t money.”
Mrs Hudson embraces him tearfully, and he allows himself to hold her. He’s breathless, suspended in disbelief. It hasn’t hit him, the enormity of this accomplishment.
In this temporary respite from the rain, he shivers. Cold air and wet skin don’t mix well. It’s as bad as the night he jumped into the quay. At least his skin is not sticky with salt. Not anywhere but his face.
do towards the ocean. Their whole bodies are angled, kept moving only by the hard press of iron stirrups against their bellies. He calculates the degree to which they lean towards the surf, and his eyes flick to the cliffs, where the sand is open.
John whips the reins, turning forward, a wordless reminder that they have a ways to go. Sherlock’s frantic attention narrows to one point improbably far ahead.
Sherlock drops to the floor in a whisk of movement, setting John onto the abdomen of the dead woman.
The hulk of the officer’s building, Scotland, praises the carved, fading wooden sign outside of it, stands out against the traditional wood and brick architecture surrounding it. The tourists come here for an authentic sea-township experience, and Thisby has put on as much ‘authenticity’ as it can, but even an officer’s station cannot be turned completely back in time. It’s made of bricks, and very old steel, with an overarching plaque describing the first detectives that set foot on Thisby.
“Precisely,” Sherlock pushes back the chair as he stands, “I’m the one who’s racing,” He rounds the table to stand beside the determined woman, “And you’re not. So,” He leans forward to brush a fleeting, fond kiss to the side of her face, “It’d do your kind heart well to stop worrying.”
Sherlock’s mind aflame, his face snaps up to the man in the bowler hat. He sneers, “Every drop of his blood spilt will be ten of yours.” It’s not a bad cut, shallow, barely a scratch. But it’s there. It’s the mark of this man’s horse on Sherlock’s, on Redbeard, it’s a testament and a challenge to who is in control of the situation. Sherlock’s ready to make everyone around him bleed.
