"Sweet tea "Sherlock huffed from his side of the table.
Johns eyes widened , his  heart hammered inside his chest . Home? He was going to be able to go home ? So soon ? He could finally forget about this nightmare .? Well maybe not forget about young Sherlock.  The rest can be forgotten. A smile breaks across his face . He felt like he could hug Mycroft, though that would be petrifying.  He huffed out a soft laugh "s..so you're telling me when senior psychopath translates that necklace.  I'm going home ?”
"Of course I am . I won't let Sherlock get hurt like that  again .  Let's just cut to the chase. What did ol crazy hair say about the necklace ?"
John almost patted him on the shoulder before images from his dream flooded his head. He pulled his hand away " Don't worry only a few hundred miles to go. "  he laughed when Sherlock buries his face in his hands with a  groan.
John watched in awe. The grace from the stone angel was beautifully entrancing . He blinked and it was gone the angels small cut was stone again. Sam closes the vile quickly and watched the never ending universe swirl around.
Who knows this might not work .He could just be calling one of  Khoung’s crazy  friends .
He kissed Sherlock's beautiful cupid bow lips once more before he  placed both hands on Sherlock's legs and stood up. “I need to go take a shower and head to bed..might have had a bit too much to drink..”he said with a smile. He grabbed his mobile and headed to the loo maybe he read Sherlock wrong,  and made a very big mistake.
" It's better then asking Crowley for help. How can Crowley help anyway? He's a demon! "
John opened the phone and scrolled  through Mycroft's numbers. He sure did give up his  phone up easily. He must trust John or really feared what he might do. Once he found the  number he hit the call button.
Sherlock tilts  his head looking up through his lashes , eyebrows knitting together.  "Most close partners are best friends? That's how is supposed to go." He said it like a question. Of course he did.
Crowley tilted his head . What stone ? What were they planning at ?
Sherlock was board ,hot and miserable. Nothing has happened since the demons attacked. His legs were cramping, and he couldn't stop sweating even with the cool air blasting from the vents. He was ready to get a room ,preferably one with a strong air conditioner , good water pressure and John . Sherlock glanced over at the blond hair army doctor . The shirt Sherlock chose for him was sticking to his body like a second skin. The one good thing about this terrible humidity and the miserable weather is the way John's clothing clung . He was sweating but not enough for it to bleed through the fabric in nasty wet spots or darkening circles under his armpits. It was just enough to make the cotton cling just the right way over his broad chest complementing every dip of muscle hidden underneath, the cotton hugged his biceps deliciously.
" It’'s probably the Lexx case..." Jo whispered as they made their way to the Lieutenant's office.
Once . Twice .
Satisfied with the shot he wrote a message saying
________
“ Where is the body-!" a sharp English accent cut though the morgue. .
___________________________________________
_________________________
John did just that.  The picture of his home..The wall paper filled with bullet holes , The ugly yellow smiley face , the warm fire place ,the skull...Sherlock....he smiled . His Sherlock sleeping on the sofa cradling his villon like a child would his teddy. That's where he wanted to go right back to that moment . He did promise Sherlock he would be back. "Alright I'm ready "He spoke softly.
“ Don't anyone take your  eyes off of that angel” Elizabeth clutched her wounded arm as Sam made quick work of applying the mixture and  cutting the angles neck . A glowing ,smoky ,sparkling purple universe like substance seeps like fog out of the statues neck and into a vile Sam held just under the cut.
His eyes drifted down John's body hidden by a fluffy warm cotton jumper and a pair of sensible sleep shorts. Sherlock seen the strength hidden there...The shape, the art.....
“ We have everything on the list.  Though I have a question about this stone- “ Sam starts,  she interrupts him .
His mouth filled with saliva
John nodded and patted the hood of the car "Thank you Mycroft . "
Sherlock felt like  he is going to rip his hair out he is going .....mad...
Tremors of sweet euphoria ripped though John "you bloody genius. ..god you're brilliant "he murmured into the ear so close to him....
John digs the necklace out of his pocket grips it tight . A sinking feeling is  pulling him under. " Well we have to call him  see what he knows. If he can't help us over the phone then I'm going to the states to find him "
" Let's go up top  Pop's I'll make tea" Abe said with a pat on Henry shoulder. After Abe vanished to the top floor Henry slouched forward and laid his face in his hands. With another long sigh he took that moment to calm himself and warm his center .
Oh God what it must taste like .
John makes up his mind and makes another call.
of wings filled the room like 100 doves taking off at once.
In both of the pictures John sent he had never been fully erect...seeing it like this was ...
John never heard Sherlock stutter. " Marriage?!" Sherlock fumbles away from John and covers his bright red face. "M...men can't get married." John leans forward and whispers like he hiding a big secret . " Not yet … but in 2014 the act of same sex marriage will be written up." John sat back and smiles to himself  as Mycroft's words from their first meeting swirl around in his head .
" Wha! No way. You boyzwanna hav some craw'fish. " Dion smacked Sam on the shoulder " We cookn dem up right naw-" Sam shrinks away from the man's touch and steps closer to Dean.
The man's smile made John's skin crawl
This is different  -
John was about to hang up right then and there but he stopped hearing the strain in the other man's voice.
With  jaw dropping, bug-eyed ,  sweaty palms - John's   hot, sticky  head pops up from his warm pillow in a heart-pounding state of arousal. His body trembling , a cold sweat coating his  skin . His clothing sticking to him  uncomfortably.  After a second of massively intense panic , it suddenly just dawns on him …
Gently and slowly Wilberforce's lift  Pitt’s chin with the tip of his finger, until his face is uplifted towards his .  Slowly he licks his lips and glances down at his asking for permission. Pitt nods despite Wilberforce still holding his chin  up Pitt can hear his heartbeat in his ears….  Slowly Wilberforce  closes his eyes and very subtly and softly brush his lips across Pitt’s plump cupid bow ..The kiss is  soft and sweet, a frightened little shy little kiss… nothing more than just a whisper really..
They stayed like that rutting against each other John cock slipped between Sherlock's thighs. Throbbing with each thrust.  John pushed past Sherlock's balls up under his cock . He keep a steady rhythm on Sherlock cock, soon they were lost in each other ...nothing but the sounds their voices , their pleasure and the slapping of skin could be heard.
Chapter 3
He  heard it.... Sherlock’s knew he did. It was unmistakable .....
Dean's smile got broader  as he steered Sherlock back towards the car. " Hay Sam mind staying out here with Sherlock just  incase Crowley's goons show up?"
John sat in bed it's been five minutes sinces he sent the picture.Maybe it didn't send? ...He flips through his phone .
John choked on his saliva and fell into a fit of laugher and choughs. "My son? You mean Sherlock? Heavens no. He's my best friend."
John's mouth dropped at the sight  before him.
They were still so closes breathing each other in , “But, you kissed me. Why are you sorry? ”
military instincts kicked in. He didn't recognize his surroundings ,so the captain grabbed his gun every hair on his body stood at attention. Ready ....waiting....
John felt all the tension leave his shoulders when he looked down into those familiar eyes...All the overwhelming fear, anger , adrenaline and fight  drained out of him .  His shoulders relaxed ."Alright."
He may have not known what to expect . Drugs maybe? Alcohol?  A few of college student's beating him up for the drugs. Any thing but this ..This was....
"Hi John~"she said giving him a hug and a kiss on the cheek "So this is where you live hua ?" she said walking past John and into the flat .
“I need something stronger then a cuppa after all that Sherlock. I just found out my girlfriend was cheating on me with god knows how many other men.....”
"Who  the hell was that? " John asked
“How dare you!” Leeanna said glaring at Sherlock. “Johnny, honey, he's wrong about me I swear. You are the only man in my life, the only one I need.” She said batting her eyes at John willing tears foreword.
Needy ……...Hungry
. Made Sherlock's heart tighten... No one has ever said that to him before.
So Sherlock is right they where lovers but they just haven't got to
The first page had odd instructions.
___________________________________________________
They are off to get the the items on the list Elizabeth gave them. And end up at as sex store called Digglers.
John's head snapped up when Sherlock voiced his thought. " There is a sex shop not far from here only about five miles  " he  held up his mobile. " It's called Digglers ."
" She ?" Dean perked up smiling " Might as well get some rest and relax a bit . "
Sam sighed. " Calm down Dean we are outside. The guys from earlier invited us to eat . Come on out sleepyhead."
- With that he slammed the door open not knowing what to expect .......
Sam chuckles softly at the shorter man's expression. " I swear he's not to crazy.-" before he even finished that sentence the
"Being short has it advantages " Sam said without any teasing.  The short doctor stabbed another two demons  and shot Sam a smirk. “ Should see me with a gun."
Sherlock tugged John across the street towards the stores automatic doors .
Sebastian gritted his teeth but said the words slowly between sobs .
Sam looked down at Sherlock as John and Dean started talking about the car . Dean pulled the hood up and to show off the insides to the Doctor.  Sam sighed. " He just became my brother's best friend.  "
"Glad you boys made it . I thought you might have bailed on me . " The girl gave Sam a playful smack on the arm. Then winked at John . " That would have broke my heart. "
John bit his trembling lip.
" Hay! " George calls " yo friends are here come out yo room!"
Relief floods over him the moment he sees the room is empty.
"Let me see the necklace "He said taking John's hand in his like the Mycroft in his time did. John shivered at the touch but didn't pull away.  How could one man's hands be so cold?
How could someone accidentally send something like this....or this one .
His phone buzzed with short video of her letting out a soft filthy noise.
Sherlock's heart skipped a beat . Wait....John was here for him...?
____________________
...his mind reeling...., he lay with one arm behind his head free hand dug around for his mobile .
He felt him self  smile and he started to laugh. Sherlock looked down at his hands then smiled , lips pulling up  then  he started laughing to .
Before sending it we wrote.
" Where did you summon it? A crossroad" Sam asked his leg bouncing .
To much....  He falls to his knees racked with numb panic and fear.
twice…..
His only way home was ....dead ?
Time to start plan number two.
"Yes.  This is my flatmate Sherlock. ..Sherlock this is my girlfriend Leeanna"
" So what kind of research have you done ?" .
Where did they come from ? Sherlock's  heart thumped loudly in his chest.
"I told you what you seen this morning was a mistake . John slipped I tried to catch him but fell with my bad ankles . "He rolled his eyes and waved his hand at his swollen ankles. " He's also  not gay Mycroft. Do keep your worries to yourself. John is more then welcome to stay with me for his remaining time ! I have a bed in the spare room and all of his clothing are  at my place anyway. "
"Y  …yeah.... let's go home...."Maybe  if goes back home he will wake up and all of this will be a dream... If it is not a dream someone most likely heard the gunfire . It would be best not be here when the yard shows up....
He thought swiping through the pictures His and Leenna's names where not even close in the contacts.
He heard Elizabeth's voice.  "DID YOU -" she coughs " just THROAT punch a weeping angel. ?? “
To many variables.
Khoung sat  across from him  in large  red and black heart shaped sunglasses that matched his hair.  He had visible sunscreen on that looked yellow against the pale skin on his nose . He wore a large black trench coat that covered  him from neck to foot , and black gloves that squeaked when he reached out to hand  John his necklace  "Here." He said his deep Russian accent rumbling in the quiet space of the car. "I translated  the marking all we have to do is get you back to where you first arrived ."
was all starting to feel way too real. "What do you mean who am I ? It's me Sherlock John.  John Watson. "
John has a dream .
Saliently he creeps over to the table clears a spot to sit amongst the science equipment. If this doesn't win the game then nothing will.
,,"When you put it that way. How can I say no?" Sherlock smiles up at him  " Thank you John." The words
The shorter of the two ,Dean swatted excitedly at  his  brother's shoulder. "Just like in  the movies Sammy. " was all he said . That confused John. What movies? He smiled politely up at them as they chit chatted for a moment about how his and Sherlock's names ,were like the ones in the movies. Sam corrected Dean  that the movies were  books first. Dean just  shrugged and rolled his eyes like it didn't matter.
This Sherlock is still a boy with a school boy crush . He is an innocent boy who has his whole life ahead of him. This is the boy he saved from a brutal rape.  " There is no way I can do this ..." He didn't mean to say that out loud it just slipped...He was so tired . He wanted to go back home . Away from this temptation. This crazy backwards life he doesn't belong in .
Their lips meet soon after toungs sliding tasting lickingm..teeth teasing and nipping ,lips sucking ,their breaths became tingled and erratic.
Sherlock just nodded . He looked at John's blood covered jumper. "You are filthy. Don't you have anything clean to put on?"he asked with a sneer. He brushed the doctors hands off his legs.
Letting Sherlock pick a few things is worth seeing that smile again....Not like he would have to wear the ridiculous fake army fatigues.  He was only staying for a few days after all.
John stares at him bug-eyed. What the hell is going on in side that  funny huge brain of his? "No you don't get what I'm saying we are not a couple . You don't do relationships. Your body is just transport . You said so yourself."
"You will see just stay quiet. Wait until he sees you."
They finally get to Louisiana.
"Sherlock.." He whispered. John's finger slipped and his gun fired hitting the bald man  right between his eyes. His brain matter flew all over the floor and wall behind him ,some even got on his blond buddy holding Sherlock by the hair.
The angel tried to  attack again but it didn't get far. Crowley stopped it just  before it got to the group. He stood there watching it making sure   John Watson got away.
"I  should be thanking you.  "
Dean made little noises as he listened. He played special attention to every word John spoke .
A smile crossed Dean's face “ Don't worry you two will have your own room.” Sherlock caught that look in the older Winchester's eye “  And you know the rooms here are probably smaller than the ones in the bunker~”
He bit his lip . He had so many questions ,but all he wanted to know is: How the hell does he get back home !?? John must have been lost in thought for a while because Sherlock was setting in front of him with an empty plate and an equally empty cup of tea.
Hansen found and excuse to run off leaving Jo with the erratic British detective and his  partner .
It made his heart stutter and his gut float like a million butterflies fluttered around  inside him. Johns deep blue eyes were hypnotic....
" I'm sure you can handle yourself John.  I seen the way you fared when they attacked  " Sherlock stated plainly .
John sat up a bit in his seat. The two men were so casual yet something in the way they communicated. It was like the codependency he and Sherlock shared. John wondered if this is how he and Sherlock looked the outside world . Always gravitating toward each other casting worried glances, soft touches, lingering looks - If these two weren't brothers John would think they were shagging. If he and Sherlock gaze at each other anything like the bothers do. He can see why the yard thinks he and Sherlock have been shagging since they met. John sighs softly and looks out the window watching the gray moss covered trees pass by. The two brothers chatted about who needs more rest it always came back to hunters " two hour nap " . Their voices blended in with the sound of the road and the beautiful rumble of the impala. John watches the muggy foreign landscape pass .
John rubbed the back of his head " Would this Cas guy be able to help out any...?" Dean nodded and Sam tossed the necklace back to John
" Alright . We will be there. " He hung up.
The man's eyes widened. He went to move but stopped like something was holding him in place. He glared down at the strange star John had painted on the floor then looked back at the necklace.
John let out a shocked hiss at the contact his hips bucked forward reflexively into Sherlock's long fingers. The  Detective took that as incentive and cupped the length sliding his palm from the bottom of the shaft to the tip of the shiny wet head.
“It's quite alright - Lucas …” he looked over ay Jo and the short blond next to Sherlock . “ Let me have five minutes with Mr. Holmes alright ? Then we can clear this up . “
“Because we are so pathetically English.”
Sherlock felt a blush creep up his neck"No I can get to the loo my self "He grumbled heat rising up to his face.
Pitching the bridge of his nose. Lucas huffs " We don't need any help -" he hissed angry. This man called Henry an idiot . He was the smartest man Lucas knows. "Henry's  perfectly capable of handling this mess on his own . We don't need these two . Why are they here Jo?" by the end of his sentence Lucas was seething. Why was she  not defending Henry against this man? - She knows as well he does ; Henry is no idiot.
I know that the legal date of gay marriage in England   was  March  29  2014 . But  Sherlock Holmes ( sir Cannon Doyle ) birthday is on January 6.  There's not really a time line here since is already AU time travel wonky.  I just thought it would be a sweet thing for our Mycroft to do just a little something   for his little brother after watching him fall in love  with John.
All of it. It's all out there.  Of course it is. It makes since. He has seen things in war that no human could possibly do.  The gruesome and unexplainable . He always questioned in the back of his mind but never asked out loud like a good l soldier. Finally it all had an explanation. The logical part of his brain ,like any other ordinary man wants to dismiss it to forget it all and just go home. He sighs softly and rans a hand through his short sliver blond hair.
_________________________________
Sam nodded and approached the angle slowly blade in one hand bole in the other.
John had to read and re-read the caption.
"That is a problem. We can call him but,  Doctor Watson.  Mr. Singer lives in the United States ."
He could fit both fist around him.... Johns cock was....incredible..
that voice...It was made for sex.
The older man wasn't  going to last much longer like this.....Sherlock's cupid bow lips were the perfect heart shape around his cock...his eyes were hypnotic. ...just tiny sliver of silver peeking behind the black of his pupils like an eclipse.
..When he got out of the military with his health ruined he had worked hard to get that body back...He wasn't there ,still soft  but  he still had more strength than most 20 year olds..He  smerks and sends  it to her with a caption saying.
When he's about to shut the light off  he gets another text. He opens it . Another picture , she was winking at him still topless in nothing but her cute checkered panties.
John picked up a flimsy little fry and wiggled it around as he told Dean the story of how Mycroft sent him back with the necklace . He pulled the necklace over his head and gazed down at the gold pendant and traced the unfamiliar writing engraved in the metal as he finished up his story .
...."Sherlock thought to himself. He
" You didn't make the deal did you?" Sam asked his voice soft with worry.
A new case , new freedom - who is this detective?
And in that same moment he received a text from her
"You." John replied simply .
Sherlock raised his eyebrow breath hitching “Show me then,.-”
Wait. Why was he here ?
And maybe just a bit pissed- but with the alcohol he could be honest.
Sherlock's face lit up his cupid bow lips meet his eyes in a blinding smile. ...John handed the lady the card and  paid for the items.
Sherlock glared over at John . Who was sitting up smiling .
I come from Sherlock much older.....It was" John  paused he had to take a deep breath as flashes of the night he found Sherlock almost raped and beaten  flashed though his head.  " I can't say shocking that's an understatement ....."
How is John going to get home?
He needed to be gentle. This was Sherlock his Sherlock...
" What it was funny " Dean mumble as he stuffed a burger in his mouth.
_____________________
The brightness burned -
John and Sherlock go clothes shopping.
Did John know about the drugs?
The tip was an angry red leaking pulled back from the foreskin.  it curved beautifully up past his belly button......He was ....rather large....not monstrous , no just something most men would envy and make women's ....and Sherlock's mouth water.
-----------------
Still rather damp and in nothing but a towel John tiptoed  quickly down the hall towards Sherlock's bedroom, gripping his towel with one hand he knocked softly with the other, he could feel his heart racing, his breathing ragged he waited.
John took Sherlock's bag and hoisted it up to his shoulder. He smiled down at the short of man.  “ It will be  a lot better with you there . I might need your help . - "
______________
And there  is mentions of  suicide at the end of the chapter just to give you a heads up since its not in the tags -
Once the hotels door slammed shut Mycroft's legs buckled under him and he slid down the wall. That man was a force he's never seen before. How could anyone stand up to the King of Hell  and not blink an eye . Was it because John didn't know who he had summoned ? Or was he was just use  to adapting that it doesn't phase him that he just spoke to a demon? Or was he just foolish. Mycroft's hands trembled feeling something he's never felt in his life - fear...fear of this short man with deep blue eyes. Mycroft has faced demons, villains, mad men,won wars and laughed at real life night nightmares; but he's never faced a man like John Watson . No wonder he sent this man back.
Remembering to  take it slowly. No matter how bad John wanted to nip, bite and suck at those  delicious lips he longed to taste for so long.
Confused,  Lucas narrows his eyes at the man then looks over to Jo." What is going on  Jo? Who is this guy?- Henry don't want to be interrupted -"
He walked inside the large building . A small older woman with short ear-length silver hair greeted him with a friendly smile. "Hello Sr. Are you here to watch the class. ?"
Sherlock  snarls. " Good luck you bastards John will be here any moment, and he will rip you apart just like he did your friends back there !"
" What else did the future Mycroft do to send you back?" The red and black man approached him necklace in hand . "Obviously we are missing something . I need to know the events leading up to the time you were sent back. "He gave him a look and john gets that feeling like he knows this man again...John bit his lip ....Should he tell him about that night? Should he tell him about Mycroft’s random  call ? The tape ?...Sherlock's rape and how he was sent back to stop it?
" Ah ho'w ya'll doin- wer are ya from? .” ( Ah! how are you doing - where are you from ? )
Crowley  is going to get his hands on that man no matter how hard the  Winchester try to stop him. The moment John Watson summoned him he knew ; Khoung had kept his word, after millennia of waiting and searching they found him. Even  better yet they found him with the necklace.
Sherlock slipped further down on  his knees slowly he wrapped his long pale fingers in the loops of John's trousers and tugged them down his legs , taking John's  red pants with them. He reaches out gripping John's thick member with cool hands. Slowly he started itching his Cupid bow  lips  toward the swollen head .  John sucked in a breath his whole body a live wire sparking and bouncing with anticipation.
First:  Get John Watson comfortable at a classy hotel .
Her face gets red "No John is not gay stupid. He's bi sexual! ? " She gasped. "Ah!! I don't have another man ! John is  the only man in my- "
"Better be off then "The doctor pointed his thumb vaguely to the door "See ya around?  "
" Do not hang up. I just need to know if you are willing to help him . "
It was less than three minutes after Wilberforce left the room when  William Pitt's body disappeared.
"Sh..shh Sherlock it's ok.  Come here let me get that off .." he cooed and approached him like he would a frightened child. Slowly he unclasped the gag and let it fall to the ground beside him. John raised an eyebrow at Sherlock's red swollen lips , tousled hair , and bare skin he looks so...young . John  took off his jacket and pleased it around Sherlock's small shoulders.
"Ah h'y Wild Bill get diez boys a room !" Another leather faced man , who might be from Mexico shouted to a man standing by the door . The messy mud covered man by the door grunted and nodded for them to follow.  Dean was the only  one able to escape . The men surrounding them started chatting friendly like they knew each other for years. Sam tried to keep up conversation . Something about a car or maybe even a boat: Sherlock couldn't tell. At a point Sherlock thought he heard some French.
Sherlock was frozen to his spot in the living room. His mind trying to process what John just said.' Of course I love... Sherlock?".. 'he wouldn't cheat one me?'.. Love me.?.. What could this mean?
John simply nods yes to his question then arches an eyebrow " So you know about demons but are surprised by time travel?"
There was no doubt that this man  was in fact-
"Sherlock" John says his voice breaking from embarrassment . He cleared his throat and tried again "Sherlock I swear I am not doing that on purpose. ... Honestly....Just "
They stay like that. ..for what seemed like hours....just looking into each other eyes , breathing each other in.
Sam patted his back "Sorry man.  So you are the only one who needs to go back home then? " John was glad for the change in subject.
Sam pulled at his hair " No it's not Dean. I have a lead we just need to look into it. "
Let him remember Sherlock's dance .
John put him down carefully. The doctor was breathing heavily, but he wasn't in as bad shape as his Sherlock seem to think he was. John may have gained seven pounds but what the madman didn't know was John's been going to the gym with a few mates from his rugby days .He gained muscle weight unlike Mr. bones over there. He smiled to himself as he dug for the key. He wished he could show his Sherlock he could pick him carry him across town. Surely he didn't weigh much more than this Sherlock did. He was about a foot taller then this kid  but he could still show him.
He licked his lips again ....
The dark hair angel stands like stone next to the two brothers. Funny how they seem to orbit around to each other . Closer each time John looks over at them. They are closer than before. If one moves the other moves, like chess pieces Castiel stands in front of them like a knight.
"Henry"
______
After the short drive from one side of the bridge to the other . They pulled up to the small blue building in the middle of nowhere. The impala  bounced  and grinded over and in pot holes the size of the grand canyon . The "parking lot " was more like a war zone of sink holes.  Dean parked the car ( when he found a place not riddled with holes)  and started cursing. "Son of a bitch . If there is one  scratch on my baby, because of this dame  drive way I'm going to murder someone !" Dean jumped out of the car, prowling around the vehicle like a overprotective   mother checking her child for cuts and bruises .
John thought.   Ballet ...Sherlock does  ballet . The Doctor shakes himself out of his hypnosis and finds a seat next to the few other individuals watching the students.
.... John felt nothing ....No stomach churning lurch. No white noise filled his ears. No yellow light blinding him .....He still felt the touch of Khoung's inhuman cold hands on his.
going there...two sets of Cupid bow lips where to much. John shivers  at the image , he jumped at the sound of Sherlock voice .
What was he summing ? The devil ? He scoffed and continued . This was all to much he shook himself and started chanting before he could talk himself out of it . After everything he had been though that might not be impossible..
I wasn't going to post this chapter it  was just an excuse to write .
It's clear John is attracted to his future self and it seems he's attracted to  himself in his  current state. So it shouldn't be hard to seduce him-
John knew this was a bad idea...He could feel it. He knew he should talk to Mycroft about this first ...
“No more excuses Wilby “ Pitt says as he curls their hands together  “ Finish them off.”
I have a whole new respect for people who write this kind of stuff,  It is fun and challenging I hope I don't make it to cheesecakey
Elizabeth looks at them again with a cold blue gaze  " They are nightmares. "
Standing in front of him just a breath away WAS what should have been standing on one of the gravestones ; a stone angel  stood there watching hollowed eyed and dangerous . It had  pieces of stone crumbling  off but never fully breaking apart. There were cracks all throughout the angels stone robe , though it wings and body...
He crossed his legs and straightened his back . John pulled  the door open ,slid in across from Sherlock then slammed the door shut.
Teeth against bone, again and again as the screen in front of him flickered . Horrifying images from years ago....His brother, dear Sherlock was only about eighteen  going by the date on the hand-held video camera .
Constantly on repeat. Hurt. Abuse.  Name calling they use and beat him. Why can't anyone  be kind to him?
Dean nodded . " Let's get some grub and head that way ."
Sherlock's voice rang in his ear louder than the echoing voices  of the past. Then a girl screamed.
____________________
Sherlock shifted his weight and smiled brightly "Yes I am . I had to fight Mycroft about it but since I am ahead of all of my classes and I can't dance.He has no other excuses . I'm better off going with you."
Sherlock was sitting in the back of the car bouncing his leg . Mycroft told him ,quite forcefully to stay in the car. Normally Sherlock would protest and follow him up to John's room anyway but his ankles are still  hurting when he walks . So he sits waiting; scrolling  through his phone when something caught his attention.  It happened for only a half a second, like light reflecting off of a window.  Blinding for a moment then gone.
John's mouth went dry, and he felt his heart skip a beat, there it was in full color, Sherlock lying in his bed, thin blue housecoat wide open exposing his neck his  beautiful  heart shape lips in a slight pout .  The the dim lights in his room cased  a glow in his pale eyes giving them a hungry allure.
"Sam!" Dean called, quickly grabbing his gun. He runs over to the window his back to the wall using  the muzzle of the gun to push back the curtains just an inch to see outside. It was dark , why did Sam let him sleep so long? .
Mycroft leads them to the jet waiting in private airway.
" I'm not his boyfriend! " John said out of reflex. "Look , Sherlock he has a point .. We are so close , just one more step and I might be able to go home ."
“ I'm scared Wilby..”
..He licked his lips again ....
In the four months they been together she never actually met Sherlock but, says she wouldn't mind meeting the man . John always smiles at that . He never addresses the subject . He don't want Sherlock to mess this one up . John is  to happy with what he has . He lays back in bed with a sigh. It been a long day at surgery and to his delight Sherlock was nowhere in sight when he got home .He might actually get some sleep.
"Yup when he pulled me out of hell." Both brothers patted him on the back at the same time . John still wondered if they were  aware they do things in unison.
If she weren't a woman John would quite literally thrown her out. Ridiculous. How could he have been so blind!?
"Oh don't flatter yourself old man "He flicked his hand and walked inside with Mycroft’s card in the other. " ...Maybe I should do all your shopping for you~" He said with a playful wink before swaggering inside.
He might as well accept it for what it is . It's out there and nothing going to change that.
He looked around where did that man go?
“ Everyone out ! “ He snapped again confusing everyone even further . “ Even you John I need to speak with Dr. Morgan alone.”
Sherlock's words ringing in John's ears like nails on a chalkboard :
John  got on his knees and slid between Sherlock's legs.  He hasn't pushed him away yet...that's good . That big brain of his is working to hard to process John's confession.
Dean skulked  around the car three more times touching various spots on the Impalas slick black frame before he was satisfied.
"That was terrible Dean . "  They were still laughing once they made it out of the parking lot. Sam looked back at their confused companions.
Lucas looked between the two man.
It seems as if the tension in the room subsumed with Johns.
Taking a deep breath he locked his phone and tossed it on the night stand... and laid back .
"  Let me go! They have Sherlock!" He knew he sounded like a maniac maybe he was after what he just experienced  . He just got his Sherlock back! He doesn't want to lose this one to!
Sherlock looks up . " I messaged my lard of a brother to see if he knew anything about the stone. " He held up the message for them to read.
Dean smiles " Oh us , we are from Minnesota. " the lie came out  smoothly . " but my friends here are from England.  "
John had to pull his arm away. " It's too hot for you to cling on me . "  Quickly John slid inside the car . " You two hurry up. " John grumbled at the brothers . Dean shot John a knowing smile " You can have the chains after we are done  . " he gave Sherlock a saucy wink before he and Sam disappeared inside .
Henry put his hand up to stop him .
John moved a stack of books and slid some papers over trying to keep the grimy little drips of his burger from spreading all  over something important.  John pulled out the stale brown napkins and laid them out on the table . He  examined the flat  thin  meat patty and took a hesitant bite . A strong overpowering taste of pickles swamped over his tongue , sauce dripped down his chin , quickly he leaned forward and caught the white-red drip of juice on the brow paper towel he found in the bag.
Sherlock looked terribly young like this, young, beautiful, and so inaccessible.
" You  guys da ones dat  called me? Didn't thank I be meetn an army of good looken men. " Her eyes roamed over each one of them; first John then Sherlock ,Dean, than Sam . Her eyes linger on Sam a bit longer than the others. Her blue irises flowing the shape of Sam  legs up chest to his shoulders . She smiles , pretty pink lips curling up to perfect points.
The other man's face turned the same shade of red as an apple .Sherlock seen it coming.  The fist came fast, but he  ducked  away in time his ankles ached with the movement.  After his dance classes his ankles swelled up and the bruises really started to ache. He lost his footing for just a moment  and the next punch got him right in the stomach.
-----
“ Should I tell him about the semen marks on your mouth . Or maybe I should tell him what I see on your fingers and in the wrinkles of you clothing.” Sherlock was not to surprised to hear about John's Bisexuality, he had more pressing matters to worry about... A woman cheating on John. She must be as foolish as she is rude. Imagine, someone like her calling him stupid, that's just comical, he took a step closer to John. He didn't like the look on the shorter man's face .
he snapped harshly - instantly regretting it when he felt Abe recoil away from him removing his arms off of his shoulders and taking two steps back.
Crowley noticed, Dean cut in clearly not likening that  he was not getting the attention of the rather pretty girl.
It was like a showdown of divas.
Sherlock rolls his eyes but don't argue with the doctor.
He fired again and again , brought them down one by one ; the ones that got to close he  stabbed with the silver blade. Each demon glowed ,screamed and fell to his feet. John was fighting back the robotic voices that came from somewhere deep in the recesses of his mind. The demons dwindled down to a pathetic few. One got behind John ,Dean pulled it off of him and stabbed it in the chest.
He hasn't felt so cold in so long . Why did that memory resurface like that?
John would miss looking down at Sherlock. He likes how short he is . He placed a hand on Sherlock's curls and ruffled them softly "Anytime mate. " He turned around got inside the car.
“ I'm not sure , I recited the incantation exactly maybe ...It has to be read by a human ...or an Angle Sr. “ Khoung  pulled his hand away from John as if it burnt him “I'm sorry , I am no help .I will try to find another way.  Maybe if you  recite them after me and hold the man's hand. "Khoung nodded to John “He said your future self was the one who sent him.  Maybe you can do the same boss."
Sherlock looked over at him that little wrinkle forming in the spot where his nose meets his eyebrows.
Panic, fear , confusion fell over him...What? What was he going to do-?!....The sound of his heart was hammering in his ears the flush of adrenaline took over  his senses. He couldn't hear the voices speaking.
Sherlock draws in a breath and wets his lips with the tip of his tongue.
"Good bye then . "He said keeping his back to the other man.  He kneeled down to his bag pretending to look for something . His heart was in his throat, and it felt like all of his organs just froze over in a thick layer of ice.  "How long have you been here ?" Sherlock asked dumbly.
He swallowed and swallowed  again against the tightness in he throat.
The warmth of Sherlock skin under Henry  fingertips makes him tremble… This is really happening … He smiles softly.  “ He remembers how this perfect cupid bow lips felt against his. They were so warm with a fever. So dry from dehydration but so soft , kind and loving he wanted to feel them again. “ I can't believe you chose the name Sherlock Holmes. Wasn't he the character used to tell me about in the field we used to race in? “ Henry glanced into Sherlock kaleidoscope eyes then licked his lips then watched as Sherlock copied the movement.
"Is that enough for you two to believe me ?"
The word dropped from Sherlock lips like a stone in the water , only this stone was about to cause a title wave.
Oh god. How could this be happening?
"  It's a shame I  was so close to having him. " The King of Hell chuckled . His gravelly voice echoing in the dark.  He tilted his head and observed the creature in front of him. " But I can't have you killing him. He's no good to me dead... Though,  he did do quite a number on you didn't he ?" Crowley's red eyes scanned over the angels neck. It wasn't easy to see but with his demon senses he can see  the stone breaking away and falling to dust . " That's a pretty nasty left hook he has . " Crowley smiles . " Even an alien like you seemed surprised by his strength.” Crowley inspected his nails. “ He’s  waking up so you better run little angel , go back to whatever pit you crawled out of . " He spit in the angels face and turned around . It could attack if it wants, he could always get a new vessel.
Soon they were on the road the impala rumbling beautifully under them  as miles stretched on and on under her tires.
Sherlock's lips were so soft ....plush ..so much better than had imagined.
Dean snorts " Start a fight from someone out of town yeah right. They might over feed you and talk your ear off, but they won't fight ya. " John plops down on the bed with a sigh and watches as Sam walks over to the sink ,wets a flannel with the cold tap then walks over to his exhausted brother. He then places the flannel on the back if Dean's neck. " You should rest a bit ...I will put up the  wording, and then we can take John to see that guy alright. I'm sure he doesn't mind waiting a few hours. " He murmured close to Dean's ear. Sam shoots John and pleading look. John sighs again " I thank we can all use some rest and air condition. " he smiles at Sam. Dean deflates slowly and walks to the other bed. " Alright but only two hours alright just two..." Sam nods. " alright just lay down Dean. "
Sherlock let out a soft yelp as drips of the melting popsicle drop onto the  soft white skin of his chest. John hissed as he watches  the almost clear blue liquid seep over Sherlock's nipple. The pink flesh pebbled as the cool liquid danced over the sensitive flesh. Sherlock looks over at John and the little bastard smiles  and he takes another long lucid lick up the ice pop then finishes off by biting the thing in half.
Sherlock eyebrows shot up . “John you summoned The King of hell. “
The short army doctor stood in front of Sherlock as they made their way over to the angel.
Sherlock's heart was storming in his chest, he could feel his face flaming as he reaches out and pulls at the bottom of the older man's jumper up .
" I gave you the amount we discussed. It is not my problem if you suddenly need the money to please your brother. "
“Hello Doctor Watson "Mycroft said when John  got inside and closed the car door. "I see you are living up to the job I sent you back to do. "
Dead?
"We're going to meet her at the cemetery in an hour to get the angel stone. "
“ You know Sherlock, she was just a distraction.”
" Sherlock , Elizabeth  in the car now !" Dean shouted . John stood in front of  Sherlock as the onslaught of demons came . He reached behind Sherlock , opens the door  to the impala with his right hand and held the gun with his dominant left . He never takes his eyes off the demon onslaught  . Shot after accurate shot. He watched them fall .
Sherlock looked out the window. He was going to be alone again. Soon this amazing man by his side is going to be gone.... and he will have to wait to find him again.  What is he going to do until then? Nothing...no excitement.  No light his life will plunge back to the dark abyss of boredom.
" Fine. I always wanted  to try American food anyway. It could be good research.  "
The poor boy wasn't wrong John Watson did love him.
The mouth on his chest bit painfully down on his nipple. A hand lower was groping at his arse.
The young boy scurried up beside john and linked himself  at  John's side. He wrapped both if his  hand around Johns  left bicep and fells the taunt muscle there. He smiled up at the sliver blond hair man.  "I'm Fine. " Sherlock was ready to set his plan into motion. He had a few good ideas stirring around.
He always knew John liked that feature. ...His dark blue eyes would roam over the pale flesh when John didn't think he was looking .
Lucas thought as he  came around the corner  only to be greeted by a man about his height with a halo of black curls . The man demand  see the body again , then he tries to walk around Lucas like he wasn't even there.
" You're telling me Castiel did that to you when he -" John trailed off unable to keep the disbelieve from his voice .
_____________
John's phone chimes softly on his night stand. The doctor simply groans and rolls away from the noise. It chimes again. Then again....Like a never-ending shrill. He lets out a long sigh and rolls over reaching blindly in the dark for his mobile. Once he located the device he let out a sleepy sigh not bothering to check the number before answering. "mm hello?" he grumbles his voice sleep rough.
Her blue eyes widen "What ever do you mean? "she places a hand on her heart.
" You still have a lot to learn.  " Sam said with a kind smile.
Sherlock's eyes widened.
___________________
" What is an angles grace?" John said voicing his question .
John looked down " I have a name you know" John grumbled to his dream Sherlock . "To be honest I don't know... " He scanned the darkening parking lot . No car .He walked out further.
Who dresses like that?
"I'm fine "Sherlock grumbled . He had to pull himself out of this school boy crush. John was nineteen years older then him and he was from the future. Wait....Didn't he go home?
Slowly john felt his plush lips fall
John shut the door and looked between the two men across from him .
" Yup wings , halo , trench coat the works"
John huffs and goes down to the bathroom . He fills the tub up with  bubbles and suds. . He gets undressed and sinks into the hot water . The water  sloshes  over the edges onto the floor  . He leans over ,sets his phone across from the bathtub sets the timer on his camera. He poses making sure the suds were just covering his bits. Barely . He ran the bubbles down his chest and though his short blond hair. He waits the few seconds before the camera takes the picture. He dries his hands off with a near by flannel and sends it.
"Incredible. "Sherlock murmured . "I haven't had  anyone deduce me like that, aside from my brother. "
"  apparently that's what Dean named his impala.
How could Sherlock tell him about...this?
To John's surprise Sherlock pale cheeks were dusted pink
John tossed his bags down on Sherlock's sofa. " Sherlock I think you went a little overboard. I won't be here long enough to wear all of this."
Demons.
Sherlock's cold fingers pressed under the fabric of John's jumper ,then pushed the soft cotton up and over his belly .
Johns upset and admits She was a distraction.
Sherlock flopped back and crossed his arms still obviously not happy about the answer .
A  smile spreads across her face like the  Cheshire Cat. " We don't need to kill them . All we have to do is stop one of the angels from  moving . To do that we just have to look at them. Simple. Then we can walk right up to it. ." She explained. " Problem is lately there have been sighting of more than one angel here. " She gestures around to the graveyard. " I need you guys to help find it and if more show up keep looking at them.  Don't blink and don't let them get near you.  "
The message from Sherlock?
" Wait until their guard is down, get him alone.  Then we  can get him " Crowley said before he disappeared leaving the demon alone in the hotel.
John took that and returned the hungry kiss . Tongues slid against each other , wet ,smooth muscle the mixture of flavors sweet tea, mint ,with a hint of brandy from earlier...it was perfect..
"Enochian ? " John questions.
To John's surprise Dean calls out the guy's name and that they need his help . He even said something about kicking his" feathery ass."
___________
Sherlock looked over the man confused.
John however, put his hand up stopping any further conversation. He knew this would happen. Was she really cheating on him or was Sherlock just being well-... No even Sherlock wouldn't do that.
__________________________________________
He would be alone with Sherlock ... in the heat ; with Sherlock's already to tight clothing clinging to him .  " Wait. " John said quickly. " You're right Sam should be out here. He knows how to kill demons better than I do-"
Sherlock hopped up a smile spreading across his face . " Well we are already packed. "
John opened his eyes blinking the spots from his vision.
Crowley rolled his eyes. Good god.
" How stupid do you think I am. Your cock may be attractive, but I do not simply "he makes quotation marks with his fingers " like you.”Slowly he crawled back into John's arms and placed a kiss on his lips.  "I love you , and your handsome cock .”
_____________________________________
Slowly he leans forward   looking into Pitts swollen ever changing eyes ,  their bodies are so close he can feel Pitt's fever - slowly Wilberforse leans his forward and rests his forehead against  his. They both glace at the door again  only braking eye contact for a moment. Wilberforce returned his  gaze . It is intense, he can see Pitt's fear . They knew for so long that they both wanted this...But the consequences where always too dangerous to risk… Now… they are both aware of the lack of time they had left together…… Pitt glances down at Wilberforce's lips.
?!!"the man yelled onto the mobile.  "Like in England?  "
getting the dog tags ." He put them back on the shelf so the lady at the desk can put them back. " I have my own. "
John just nods  and stands up .All he could manage was a half hearted "thank you."
John broke the kiss, not daring to look at Sherlock .
He was on the battlefield again .. gun fire whizzed past him ,  bombs exploding made his ears ring. He could feel the hot blood covering his hands and the stench of burning flesh burned his nose. Only this time he wasn't in Afghanistan he was somewhere else. Still in  a desert golden sand was  pained with blood. The screaming of children echoed in his ears. No this wasn't Afghanistan  this was something different somewhere different . This felt like a dream he once had but couldn't remember the next morning .
"I understand you are up set.... " he says  carefully repeating himself. " but , as I said before.  We need you to say calm. We will find you a way home but for the  time being stay with my brother .  Since he's the reason you are here in the first place."
“You know, the cases, work... you...” John said waving his hand around as he slouched further into his seat .
He pushed John over. His heart pounding in his chest
"Sherlock I'm going to talk to Sam and Dean, you can unpack if you want. "John looked over at Sherlock . His eyes were closed and his soft curls fell into his face like a dark halo. John knew the young man didn't hear him, he never does  when he's so deep in thought. He smiled to himself brushed a dark curl from the boys forehead " I will be right back..."He said without realizing those where the same words he uttered before he was sent back in time.
In the shadow of the lamp, John could see that Sherlock’s mouth was parted a little. His mouth was even fuller like this, its generous heart shape emphasised through the dim lighting in the room.His eyes were half lidded pupils blown .... he looked....hungry
Well only one way to find out..
Dean rolls his eyes and crosses his arms. " Synthetic grace from a shady hunter in the middle of nowhere Louisiana.  Yeah that's a full proof plan Sammy.  Drag the British dude clear across the country for a false lead. "
_____
“ You two want me to call Cas or do you wanna rest first? “ Dean asked as he got out of the car. He smiles when he spotted John holding a sleeping Sherlock in his arms. “ We better rest first… “
"Dean we should listen to what he has to say .It could be a case. " the soft voice murmurs.
Mycroft snapped his fingers and the car started to move. The drive was short ,quiet ,and extremely awkward. John would have been excited that he was going home but  this guy ….weirded him out . Every time  that creeps eyes meet his John fells  something cold ,wet, and slimy slither across his skin. He just keep his head down and picks at the string of his new coat...
That's another thing Sherlock can't wrap his mind around.  That look in John's eye when he's worried . They only met hours ago....yet that soft caring worried look seemed to follow Sherlock since the moment they met.  John was looking at him like he  most important thing in his life and would do anything he could to make sure he was safe.
"He hissed at me like  a cat who does that? " John chuckled looking over at Sherlock .
"I  told you to call me Sebastian .I  think you know what I want. Do your little trick. It obvious you poof. "
John smiled “I was looking for a certain student. Sherlock Holmes? "
Sherlock could hear his blood rushing in his ears . Cold  tremors went down his spin like needles . He wanted to flee, but he couldn't move , he couldn't look away his eyes glued to that thing .  Terror held him in place like a vice-like grip.
" Where did you get that ?" John asked surprised his voice came out even after that display .
Lucas just now noticed a short stout  blond man standing at attention near door . When he was addressed he  relaxed and walked the over to them and held out his hand .
The tall detective , Sherlock walked through their hands breaking  the handshake.
"I help out in some cases dealing with this kind of thing some times "Sherlock  continued causally as if he were talking about the weather.  "  When the yard can't seem to wrap their tiny brains around it.  I look into it. "  He took his finger and curled a strand of dark hair around it ".. But most boring cases ranked  less than a  five are normally just people killing people or something equally as  boring ."
Wilberforce's brows knit together his face scrunching like Pitts words caused him physical pain.
John smiled politely at her "Just a cup of Earl Gray please . "
There was no way this could be real-
The man was about to open his mouth when the hotel's room slammed open and a strange object like a grenade got tossed in. A bright light filled the room, right before the light became to much John seen a red smoke erupting from the man's mouth.
~" the sounds he keeps making  are unwelcome but he can't stop them- Everything's on fire building, building intense heat and longing something he can't seem to control. His heart was racing.  His mind slowly filling with white noise from the amount of endorphins filling his head . All the blood in his body was pooling at the base of his belly.  There is no hope for coherent thought. Slowly he made his way down first rubbing each thigh ..up and down just teasing ...Then finally he wrapped his fingers around the base of his cock. The sharp pleasure made him cry out into his pillow.
________________________________________
__________________________________
He wouldn't have pushed John out like that.  John had so many questions . He looks over at  the two people who followed him out. They both look just as confused as John felt.
" John Watson is not gay Miss Leeanna so leave your hope at the door. I’m sure your side man will be more then happy to indulged you in your fantasies. "
"Our grandfather was he's the one who gave us this place . " Dean said fondly. He rounded the car popped the trunk open "Come get your bags Jumpers . We got a lot of work to do if you want to get home. "
" Sherlock ." Images of  two sets of Sherlock's eyes looking up at him with a mouth full of  his cock flashed though his head.
John walked them out to the main road and like he predicted this part of town was dead . He couldn't get a cab even if he wanted to .The walk was silent the only time they spoke was when Sherlock told him to turn this way or that . With no surprise he cut out half of the journey  by taking back roads and going through people's yards. Within ten minutes they came up to the dorms from the back and John snuck quietly up to Sherlocks flat.
There was a knock at the front door.
John smiles, it reminds him of his days in Uni...Man it feels like so long ago.... After the war and living with Sherlock . Even now jumping back in time ,meeting Sherlock all over again-  it was almost like his life before all of that never  happen....John was so lost in his own thoughts he didn't release they came up to Sherlock's building.
The small boy sits next to him and digs in a bag pulling out a white styrofoam to go plate.
"Would that really help?" his voice was filled with unease.
Mycroft tried to shrink back but the shorter man held him in place. Slowly the Mycroft  reached down to grab his mobile and handed it to John.
The door opens “ Times up Sherlock you better not have harassed the man" Came John's voice . Henry and Sherlock pulled away from each like they touched something hot.
" M..m "
Leaking, swelling impossibly larger  with each press of his lips,he  twitched  with each nibble .... John liked that....smirking he continued to nibble kiss and suck. While John thrusted into their hands....It didn't take long before John  pushed back and moved Sherlock's hand away "God Sherlock- k..keep this up and I might " he growled....the sound primal ,
Lucas crowded around Henry . “ I am so sorry let me get them ou-”
The air he breathes.
Dean looked at John.  John shrugged . The men came up to greet them shaking hands and introducing themselves. The brothers where Dale and Randy and the skinny man was George.  He leads them inside the surprisingly nice home . It had soft tan walls that meet an even softer yellow where the den and sunroom all meet.
The demons all fall dead  . Sherlock turned around and let  a shocked cry.
Sherlock froze at the door hand touching the doorknob . "Wh-"
Sam pulled the bag off his back and held out the chains they bought at Digglers. “ Let's get started."
Crowley watched but only the short blond man was all he was seeing . John Watson stool tall and proud back straight, arms at his sides. Ever the soldier ,Crowley felt himself smile. It won't be long now. He made eye contact with a few of the demons hiding waiting for his signal. He watched as the group spoke.
Dean's foot never lifted from the gas going 80 down back roads 100 on highways.  " How the hell did the demons know we where there ? "
John??
" Don't be stupid John . " Sherlock’s baritone rumbles " I wouldn't miss this case.  It's easily  a nine . "
Lucas pushed past the man and into the lab still chattering on “ Henry I am so sorry I really did try to keep them out but this man wouldn't take no for an answer - Jo just said let him see the body”
“Oh fat lard … " Sherlock  mocked Khoungs Russian accent "Muuhhaa muhaaaa kiss me “
John's heart begin to race  the moment the car pulls into the airport parking lot. The smell of jet fuel, automobile exhaust, and hot tarmac combined to assault his  senses. When he and Sherlock get out and onto the main platform  he  can  feel the thrum of the engines at takeoff and the vibration of the planes on  his skin. He can hear he whirl of wheels on marble and concrete mixed with the mechanical, yet pleasant, voice on the public address system calling for someone to go to the nearest courtesy phone, or announcing that flight 81 is now boarding at gate 11.
“Poor kid looks miserable.” came Dean's voice . John nodded
"I don't have a few days! What am I supposed to do for a few days" he  barked . Eyes still locked with the hissing lunatic  in front of him.
John flinched. What the hell was that! Something about this man was unnerving and made his heart race.-
Then that dream woke  him with tears in his eyes.
All he needed to do. All he wanted to do was act.
Slowly he pressed their lips together. Sherlock  froze in his spot for a moment then relaxed into the chaset kiss...
Impossible. ....
?"He screamed making Sherlock jump.  No one yells at his brother like that. It was incredibly hot.
John found himself laughing with them. He could only imagine what that poor man was thanking when two large men like Sam and Dean walk in there asking for something so ridiculous. "As it turns out he was a hunter, we told him what we were really looking for " their laughter died down and Dean held up a small black bag . "Only one more ingredient to go. " Sam looks down at his watch : a few hours before the sun goes down . " I'm not sure what a stone from a weeping angel is but don't worry we can do a bit of research. "  John smiles at that." Hopefully this works .  "
Sherlock took a deep breath arms in the air...slowly  he excelled.  He brings  his arms down with that ending his practice for the day . The class ended  bit earlier  than normal.  Sherlock didn't mind, it just gives him time to head to the lab and  check the incubator to  see if that bacteria "
The room is like a museum. Inside there was a single man .  He was a strange man... bent over piles of books that covered his desk .
____________  __________________________
Sherlock feels arms, strong and warm, cage around him and draw him against a hammering heart. He feels air stir at his hairline. He feels a dry hand press at the nape of his neck, fingers curling him closer as if he would disappear at any moment. He hears an unsteady sigh.
The sweet lick of adrenaline is  wearing off . That rush was tapering down like he was coming down from a high. Why did he have to drag Sherlock along with him? The poor boy didn't need to be involved with his fight.  John looked over at Sherlock he looked like he was asleep...No way he would be sleeping after all of that....Maybe the boys just worn out. John wanted to pull him over the seat and into his arms, he didn't-  instead he patted him on the shoulder softly  . "  Should have keep him home. " he mumbled to the bothers.
…….Nothing
John looked down at Sherlock. ..flushed like a virgin, panting with need...Something he had seen in his dreams ...but this ...was unbelievable… the man under him put Apollo to shame.
He lays back not bothering to shut the light off.... This might end up being fun. He lays down and instantly gets a reply.  John quickly opens the message . This time the picture is her facing the camera nude with the same wicked smile.
Jo came in behind John “ Case Henry? Are you feeling okay? Your face is red ."
Jo and Lucas follow John out to the hall. Leaving the two men alone.
John tapped his chin as a thank you. " That don't sound like a bad idea actually. " he admitted light-heartedly.  " Could work and I don't have to worry about hurting your angel friend.  "
So I added an OC to this chapter.
“ John …“ Sherlock pauses “ Please -”
Elizabeth didn't take her eyes off the angel . “ You need to mix the ingredients you  collected,  firsthand me the chains. “ She made quick work at placing the chains on the angel s' wrist . It was a shoddy job the best, it would have to do. The Winchester started mixing the oil with a shiny liquid from a vile . John watched as Dean sliced his finger and let the blood drip into the bole.
“Who the hell does that guy think he is !!” Lucas grumbled as he violently paced back and forth.
John just smiled "I don't think you would even notice .  "
Sherlock lifts the tip of the popsicle to his mouth and nibble at it with his lips . The action causes the melting juice to flow messily over his lips . Quickly he licks some of the mess away only to have half of it fall down his chin. He then wiped  the sticky dribble with his finger and pushed his finger into his mouth with a rather filthy sucking noise.
God John hoped that was  a short joke.
Sherlock's lip quirks up. Ah- he gets it now. "Leeanna I'm sorry to inform you. But what you want will not happen. You might as well forget about it . "
"Now ,now you didn't have to get all dressed up for me ."John teased from behind him. His eyes followed the back of  Sherlock's long legs, up the smooth tight fabric of the ballet outfit  to Sherlocks  cute, plump, firm heart shaped arse.
Sherlock finely looks up at John.
Sherlock lay in bed that night phone in one hand the  other in his mouth wetting each digit with saliva. He sucked and licked each finger eyes glued to the image on his phone. .Reluctantly he pulled his fingers out his mouth with a wet pop. . Slowly he slides his moist fingers down his body.. Over his thin chest stopping at the tight nubs begging for attention . He grazes a fingernail over each nipple and gives them a soft pinch .
Sherlock grabbed his shirt from his bag and held it close to his chest . He could feel the blood fluid  to his cheeks. "What are you doing here John !? I told you I would be home in a few hours."
" It was your idea Sam-. "
That would  work … He wanted to scoff at the thought. It's bittersweet now-  with the knowledge of two centuries of being a doctor- He looks back and sees how easy it would have been to save Pits life .
He leaned over and touched Sherlock's knee. “I told you, you didn't do anything. I'd have to show you what I mean.” John said, a funny little smile crossing his lips. He glanced down at Sherlock's lips then licked his own... If Sherlock pushes him away he could blame it on the alcohol.
He could hear the smile in her voice  "He must be new. I never seen you here before. "
……......He was going to be stuck here forever. John felt a tear fall down his face .He was never going to see his Sherlock again. What was the detective going to do without John?  He was going to be so worried. Would Mycroft tell him what happened. ?  That John wasn't coming back…What if by some law Mycroft forgot about John and he was stuck here for the rest of his life . In a past  that was not his own. .. A past where his other self would eventually meet this Sherlock and start a life? Would he meet himself ten years down the road  Broken from war? Would he even see himself?  Would his younger self even  meet Sherlock at all?….Sherlock saved his life…. If he never met Sherlock, a bullet would have meet his skull.
Slowly John leaned over to Sherlock hand still in the soft black curls not to hold him there no. If Sherlock wanted to move he could... He just wanted it there because he loved the feel of the soft curls tangling around his finger tips .
Halfway through the sentence the words echoed in Dean's phone as Sam  open the hotel door with a smile. Dean hung up the phone with a roll of his eyes and followed Sam outside  .
Jo quirked an eyebrow at Hansen, ‘You have any idea what this meeting is about?’ she asked.
Dean chuckles " I do but it won't help a whole lot" he smacked his brother's shoulder startling the long hair man awake . Sam jumped up like a cat that got squirted with a water bottle . " Calm down Sammy . Just wanted you to close your window, so I can turn the A.C. on. " Sam brushed his wet hair from his forehead and nodded sleepily .  The man rolls his window up . Soon the cool air from the vents settle over the car. It felt wonderful compared to heat outside.
Sherlock finally looked at him, his normally crystal clear eyes were dark and filled with fear." We don't know what we are getting into - Mycroft don't know much about these things. Only that they are fast and  dangerous . He doesn't want us to seek this thing out . He keeps telling me to find another way . That he's going to come over here if we even try to approach this angel. “ He bites his lip . “ I keep telling him to bugger off." Sherlock  looks down at his phone again frightened eyes dancing over the screen. . “I know Mycroft is a pompous windbag, but - and it pains me to say this , He knows what he's talking about. " Sherlock puts his hand on John's leg and gave his thigh a soft  squeeze. "We don't even know if she can make the grace you need to get home. What if it goes wrong and..." his voice breaks . " -something happens to you."
It's clear John loves him...So why haven't they took the plunge?
"2017" John tucked the necklace back into his pocket "Do I have your attention now.? "
" Excuse me ?"  John asked confused . How did he know about his cane?
“ I knew you would call Handsome. “ Elizabeth's voice echoes through the receiver.
Elizabeth voice breaks through to him sounding a lot like Mycroft's. “Don't blink Sherlock!" She cries. "Blink and you're dead."
Henry has been in a rather good mood. It has been three weeks since he found out about Abigail and stopped the crazy immortal.  He had recently started to gain Jo's trust back, she even stopped looking at him like he was a broken man. It's been good.
"His room John. I found this tape in his room."
John shrugs " Give us a list and I will get it for you . And we will  pay what you want.  "
"  You can use my gun. “ Sam tossed it to John and smiles “ You bragged earlier so I wanna see what you can do -” John caught the gun blindly .
needs.
__________________
Sherlock leaned up to the front seat " If you guys go head first into this ... something bad is going to happen... "
" You're way too young to be going in there."
Sherlock nodded . Oh was he ever.
He tilted his head making his curls fall across his forehead and pouted out his bottom lip making it impossibly fuller and  snapped the shot.
"Hello earth to old man . My brother?"
John found a few ace  bandages in Sherlock's small bathroom and wrapped him up. "There all better. "He patted Sherlock's leg softly  avoiding the bruises showing up. "You should get something clean on, maybe take a shower ."
He saves the picture and smiles. Oh he really likes where this is going ..
Sherlock wipes his mouth and sets the paper towel down . " He's on the phone arranging  a meeting with the guy who makes the synthetic grace." As if summon by the thought of him alone John comes around the corner and hands Sam him mobile . " She  said we can meet them tomorrow at 210 Leona around 8 am no earlier. She said they are busy tonight but tomorrow we can start gathering supplies. "
Sherlock's heart speed up. His palms  started to sweat and he felt something warm fill his belly . John's eyes were so blue like a bottomless pool. He tore his eyes away from John's and held back the  blush creeping up his face. He can't get use to the way John is so kind and honest about how he feels about him. Warmth radiated off of him in waves .
Sherlock raised an eyebrow and looked the taller man up and down . "How could I not notice John. Look at who  you are talking to . I'm sure my deduction  skills are a lot more advanced in the future then they are now . So I am  certain  my future self  would not miss a man like you living with him . "He bit his lip hoping John would miss that last bit. He was just being honest . John was a very noticeable man....Tall (compared to him )  ,well built, handsome ,with beautiful sliver blond hair that seemed to only make him that much more attractive.  He was also a Doctor, but that wasn't the best part . He was a soldier. ...A caption  and if his taste hadn't changed , that little detail would have not been missed .  That detail  would be and still is extremely appealing. The magazine under his bed is proof of that. Even with John's tendency to hide under fluffy jumpers and dress like his dad's hot best friend; he is  still very noticeable.
“ Sherlock?”  John said to him softly placing a hand on his arm.
He felt like he just jumped out of his skin , scrambling for his phone he was surprised to see John had  texted . It was late...didn't he know Sherlock was out on a 'case'?
"Ah Sammy you got my pie-!" Dean made grabby hands at the tall puppy dog mammoth of a man . Sam sighed and walked over  and handed his brother the box then sat down next to him.
"Ahgh fine just let go-"
" We're  best friends -  Sherlock . It's different."
God what's wrong with him? Sure he's thought about Sherlock once or twice during a wank. The man  is attractive . No question there.
Sherlock just looked at him . He was so confused, “I want to know what I did.”
" I'm sorry. " he whispered guilt filling his belly. He was lying to his son. He was happy to finally find out what happened to his wife after so many years. He felt a weight lifted off of him the moment he found out he  became content, happy even. He found his wife ,stopped a maniac Immortal from exposing him or harming what was left of his family. He thought finally he could move on maybe even find happiness.
painted on it.
Dean got out the other following his lead. " Well maybe she's inside . "
John just shrugged shucked  the blade toward the ground to flick off the blood. " I was an army doctor. " he said as he  climbed in beside  Sherlock .
Another click and the door opened.
Time travel .
I promise they have a happy ending and you will get what you came here for .
________
bad dream ....but it is real. This is  happening,and he just saved this child from being raped...
"Leeanna... uhm.... what are you doing here? " he didn't want to sound rude but she did just show up unannounced and  just barged in . "Not that I'm not happy to see you its just... well..."
"Really Dean " Sam  groans softly. The tall man crumpled  the paper into one little ball and tossed it at Dean's head . " Are you  in Elementary School?"  . Dean sat next  to his bother and smacked his  back " haha common Sammy that's what ya get for sleeping in. Hurry up you two . We got breakfast and coffee.  "
! he found it ! He dug out the small glass case and opened it . With a trembling pale hand he slid his fingers over the sterile plastic hypnotic syringe.
John's heart raised. If he could find an angle it could read the writing on the necklaces give John some of this ' Grace' stuff then they could send him home? Angles are the good guys right? So he had to help. " Where can I find him?"
Once they stopped laughing the young dark hair waitress came back with their tea. She placed Sherlock's down first, then brushed her shoulder against John while placing his hot cup in front of him . She gave the older man  a wink and dropped a piece of paper next to his hand .
"Seems like it.
Dean erupted into laughter . " Then I smacked Sam's ass!! "
The young man glared up at him. Then started squirming in his arms "YOU DON'T WORK FOR MY BROTHER!! LET ME GO !!" he kicked and thrashed, screamed and yelled in John's arms.
" What’s wrong ? What's wrong with you!" he pointed at Henry's face.
"That's alcohol abuse" Dean said to the leather face man - Wild Bill. The man let out a bellow of a laugh tipped his beer up to his mouth and finished it off in a few long gulps.
After all of that that's all this psycho had to say?! "What the hell ? What was the point of me telling you all of this then"!? John didn't care that his voice was raised.  He just wanted to know what was going on! This man is a freak. Theres soany questions he has. "Why can't you just 'recreate'  what happened- !"
_______________________
Sherlock held his eyes closed waiting for the punch....three seconds gone by ..
After she swaggered away John and Sherlock's eyes meet and they laughed again. It's been years since a young girl like that hit on him. Sherlock's face made it even better -Sherlock's laugher echoed around him it was such a lovely sound . He wish he could hear it every day...Soon their laughter died off and they sat there grinning at each other. John wanted to reach out and smooth his thumb over Sherlock's laugher redden cheeks.
" We don't  do any of a physical or sexual  parts of the  relationship. Okay. But we do live together and spend most of our time together, we are not a couple in that way.  We are  the best of mates Sherlock. “
Wow! Everyone Thank you for the all the support and the love . This is the longest thing I have ever written and its still going strong because of all of you.
“Oh.”  Pitt ducked his head if his face was not red from the fever  Wilberforce would have seen the blush creeping up his neck. It has been so long since he has used his nickname ...it sounded like bells in Pitt’s ears.
He tries to impress them with his best skill ,deductions. Again a fist to the nose or a variety of colorful names and phrases. Why can't they just for once say " W
"Oh army father uh? Must be hard on him ...Who is your boy?" She asked sweetly .She followed his gaze   over to Sherlock and she let out a soft gasp " So you're the father of him-? Oh he's...something...His dances are breathtaking to watch. He's very talented .”
A few hours and a few drinks later John was a little more then buzzed. Not incoherent but enough to make him a little to brave and unable to control his mouth.
The door creaked open  and John poked his head in "W...what do you want? "he cleared his throat and cleared his throat again . He felt as if this were  a dream and he was about to wake up. slowly he entered the bedroom ,suddenly feeling  exposed.
They made it to Louisiana in a couple hours . The sun began to rise over the endless bridges and the never ending water passing them by . Mile after mile ,they were almost through New Orleans now. The humidity and the unique smell of Louisiana air filtered through the open windows of the impala. John felt his shirt sticking to him. It was an awful feeling. Hot , wet and filthy. How did people live here? He glanced over at Sam in the passenger side . He was curled up . It boggles John's mind: how such a huge man can look so small at times. His eyes drifted to the other side of the car to Sherlock. The young man had a thin sheen of sweat covering his forehead, his breathing was increased but not enough to worry about simply a symptom of  altitude change . His dark curls were wet and plastered to his forehead and neck .
Is he ever going to get home?
Translation to the crazy Louisiana dialog .
___________
The chant begin...it sounded darker coming from the low rumble of a Russian accent then Mycroft's polished posh voice but the word sounded the same...
Johns breath hitched his heart started to race.  His hand shot up and griped Sherlock's thin wrist and pulled it away from his neck ...Hot liquid arousal shot though his body at the sight of Sherlock on his knees shuffling over to him ...night gown falling over his delicate shoulder.... he swallowed loudly with a click.
Sherlock licked  his lips somehow his mouth seemed so dry. Maybe it's the heat? .
She let out a giggle " I know, I know I should have told you, but Johnny I know you would have said no . This was the best way. "she wandered over into the main room over to Sherlock . "So this is him hua? "
" Maybe later we need to get a room ..." John looked back at Sherlock obviously as lost as he was and gave Sherlock a look that said it all.
" You can't carry me all the way home your shoulder won't hold out that long old man. It will hurt too much. You might drop me!" Sherlock complained when John started walking to the rode.
" What kind of crap is that dude?" Dean gruffed out. " A spell? "
" DAMMIT " the demon hollowed when Sherlock gave him a rather nasty bite. The boys sharp little teeth broke skin.
" Oh ...well I guess I should have bought something to change into." Who the hell was he kidding? He got kidnapped and sent back in time . How could he have possibly known he was gonna get covered in blood and need a change of clothes? John didn't even sleep last night. It was only four in the morning his time when he got here. How could he possibly sleep after being tossed back in time , shooting a bunch of men protecting Sherlock - a sixteen year old Sherlock from being raped....!? Now it was nearly 9:00 Am. this time. He is so confused .John scrubbed his face and went back into the kitchen and sat down at the small table.
Sherlock stands up and whips his blue house coat around himself  dramatically .
Dean was about to laugh. He remembered the first and last time he punched the angle- he thought he broke his fist.
...lower down chest, kneading muscles and breastbone. He traced around John's  hardening nipples , pinching and
The younger boy leans forward eagerly, eyes slipping closed as he opened his mouth and let his tongue peek out. He licks along underside of John's  cock, point tracing along the tip until he gets to the top and swirls around the head. John  moans lightly as he watches the older Sherlock snakes  his  tongue into the leaking slit catching his younger self’s tongue in a messed up sort of  kiss- John couldn't stop himself he grips the back of both Sherlock's head and thrust between both of their lips.
____________________________
John pinches the bridge of his nose this is a lot to take in. It seems there is more to the world he lives in then he could have imagined . He takes a deep breath. John  looked out the window again . "Just take me to the airport . I know you contacted Bobby's friends ."He looked over at Sherlock with hopeful eyes "You're coming to right?"
Another picture came through.
When John said "into battle " he didn't expect to be attacked from behind  . A man  wrapped his  large   arm around John's neck.  Quickly John's military  instincts kicked in. He used his  left hand to grab the top of the attackers  left arm around the elbow joint. Keeping  his left arm raised out in front of him. John shot out his right hip. He stepped his right foot toward the man's  left foot and darted his right arm underneath his left arm, turning his  back to the attackers chest.  He stepped backwards with his  left foot, turning away from the attacker completely  putting his  butt into the attackers groin and pivoting on  his right foot . He than slammed the man on the concrete . The moment the man was on his back howling in pain John slammed his   foot to the man's jugular
The moment Henry's eyes meet the dark hair man's . Henry felt a familiar fear prickling at the back of his neck. He  couldn't hear over the sound of his blood rushing in his ears, he felt his heart skipping and sputtering his in chest .
"And do continue to take care of him. I am so happy he found a partner.  You two are perfect for each other. I always knew he had a thing for army men. "
" Ah Lucas! Where is Henry?"
If John wasn't living this himself he wouldn't believe it. He dug around in his pocket feeling for the cool metal of the necklace . He clenched his fingers tightly around it. This thing is his only way back home....
John sucked in a sharp breath his eyes met two sets of silver-gray orbs.
To late now.... He lit fire and tossed it in the brass bowl.
..........a minute
" Maybe something was affected when you were sent back. Time travel is completely unstable and unpredictable.  "   Sam said from the door he held a box in his hands.
Sherlock rolled his eyes and lead forward on his elbows "Could she be anymore obvious? I mean come on. " he said  rolling his eyes .
“Your not gone yet . “Wilberforce squeezes his hand feeling a sting behind his eyes ...his vision started to get so blurry ...he didn't want to hear these words.   It's to soon…
Sherlock keep digging he knows he had a stash here...but where? Did he delete it ?
He watched as his brother climbs inside with a stranger from the future ....before Sherlock disappeared inside the jet Mycroft states "If you need my help bother .Just say the word. "
John chuckles softly.  This time he lowers his pajamas just low enough to see his red pants tightly hugging his hips his soft blond happy trial of hair leading down to where he knows she wants to see. He smiles wickedly at the camera.
Sherlock thought.
" Grate!" The the detective rambled angrily as he continue to push towards the examining room."The idiot probably destroyed any evidence that might have been left."
Suddenly he spotted Dean standing as still as gravestones around them. John tried to run past him but Dean grabbed his arm.
John scooted out of his chair to get closer to the mad man.
"Sherlock ....It's fine just "he guides his hand to his mouth and licked the inside of his palm up from his wrist to his finger tips , over the soft skin of each finger, until his hand was moist. All the while keeping eye contact with the  younger man below him.
He looked up at the sound of Abe's voice. HIs son looked at him with trepidation. Sucking in another deep breath , he smiles the corner of his right lip pulling up just a bit further than the left in what he hoped to be a convincing smile .
Sherlock never felt so exposed and ...if he was honest...He was …. frighted he knew John wouldn't hurt him.... But he couldn't stop his heart  from beating , his face from burning with embarrassment and fear from showing on his face . So he covered his face and held his breath . Embarrassingly enough: a whole five seconds of terrifying delight . John leaned forward brushing his hand against the underside of Sherlock's pale  bottom with one and experimentally touching behind his balls with the other.
John finally got out of the car;  the humidity instantly hitting him like a brick wall. " I can stay with him." He really didn't want to go into a sex shop with a man he just  meet a few days ago... to buy chains- and he definitely didn't want to go in after his dream.
The sound made Sherlock whine.  John was beautiful - Sherlock leaned up and brushed his mouth back and forth over John's collarbone, then moved his soft lips up settling  on the side of the doctor's neck, pressing kisses into it. He moved on to John's ear, licking inside it, nibbling on its lobe. Pulling in a deep breath from the man . Sherlock could feel the heavy girth   of John in his hand , throbbing,
______
Sherlocks whole body was a flame the look on John's face was unbearable....pure hunger.... Love and the same admiration hung his his blue irises. He licked his lips his eyes moving down to John's exposed body his shoulders  were shaking. the muscles on his arms strained against the beautiful bronze skin ....down down his eyes wondered over the beautiful plans of his flat stomach memorizing every scare mole freckle dip of muscle into his mind palace...soon his eyes made their way to the prize waiting between John's legs.
It made Sherlock's heart flutter. Sherlock can't get use to that look . He's never seen anything so beautiful. No one has ever look at him with such intense ...what was the word for it?
“I love you Sherlock, I have for years.... You brought me back from an extremely dark place. You gave my life meaning again... At first I thought I could deal with just being your partner, and friend, but I see now that I can't. Leeanna was a distraction from you, because I know you don't understand emotions I felt for you....Also, I wasn't into men..... Until I found you.  Or rather you found me.” He looked into Sherlock's beautiful kaleidoscope eyes "I love you Sherlock Holmes." He leaned in and kissed the unmoving man blinking at him softly.
Some how though he knows it's real that it has  happened  that he as been here before... but where is here ?
John remembers , on a cold January afternoon he and Sherlock where sitting watching telly when a the announcement was made for the legalization of  gay marriage had passed. Sherlock's mobile went off , as always the detective was too lazy to get up so John had to fetch it for him ..He will never forget  the words on that screen .
"If he's going I am  going to !"Sherlock said butting in.
you did they?"
His eyes caught up with his scenes  in time to see an angel like statue stumble back and freeze the moment his eyes land on it. The haggard statue stared up at him wide-eyed.
John shook his head " No I summoned him from my hotel room. "
...He turned his head it was too dark. No one was going to save him now . He got himself into this mess . His curse to read people and the inability to know when to stop talking has always landed him in bad situations but this....
John sucked in his bottom lip to stop a laugh. What was that he just heard? Jealously? is
Or when he does something for them say: "
to quickly...
"I know this grate café with sweet tea and biscuits. "He took John's arm again shuffling the bags around so he could hold the older man's elbow.
Long, glistening and hard against his stomach, lying against neatly groomed light curls and tan skin.
John smiles " I know Mycroft.  I will always protect your brother . He is my best friend.” John watched as something in Mycroft's face shift at his words.  He was deducing John reading him like words on the pages of a book. His eyes widened then there was soft pull of Mycroft's lips .
___________________________
To Sherlock's disappointment one of the seven men smile his white teeth a striking contrast to his shoe leather colored skin. The crispy looking man started to speak. Sherlock couldn't quite understand him . Curious  he got out of the car and stood behind John taking a long glance at his arse in those army fatigues.
John walked over to Sherlock with a soft smile. "You okay there handsome?" John teased playfully. Sherlocks whole body flushed . What is John doing here ?
"Alright bed time . "
Sherlock rolls his eyes “ I don't care I just want to get a nicer room ….you two can stay in that filth and get whatever is Iingering in the sheets ,but I refuse to take one step inside. "
John closed his eyes again.  The prayer in his mind like a mantra.
Was this the angle that demon was talking about? The gravelly voice of the red eyed demon echoes in his head -
" What in  bloody God's name did this?" John bit out.  He raises his gun . He felt Dean's tension like it was tangible. His alertness and his focus made John's own heighten further.
The flight ended far  too quickly for Sherlock's liking . Dame Mycroft and his jets. He was so comfortable in John's arms and there was no telling how much longer he would get to spend with John.
Sherlock groans at the idiotic nickname . He don't know how much longer he can stand being around the Two Stooges and their angel. The synthetic grace seems a lot safer than some demon. And a trip to a different state  with John and the idea of  single bed hotel rooms  sounds delightful. Sherlock's eyes lingered down John's body. The  dark  brown army fatigues he bought John fit him so well...tight in just the right areas.
Oh god ...
John may be a short man but he seemed much larger . "I will break every bone in his bloody body. Do you understand stand me. I am not his toy nor am I yours. I don't mind helping your brother. I would give my life for him but this is different you understand me . This changes everything. Demons, angels , time travel and whoever the bloody  fuck Men of Letters are and you. Can all suck my arse . I'm going home!  If I can't  get home I'm going to kick your bloody arse understand ? "He slammed Mycroft's back against the wall  again and stormed past him "I will take what ever risks are necessary to get home back to Sherlock. You started this mess Mycroft's. .I'm going to end it. I will be in the car."
They all think he's been clean and he has been. He told himself he would only touch this stash if it were an emergency.. Well today happen to be one .He was antsy his mind was like a train about to meet a mountain side....
It was a shout .
“ That the hell is that ?” Dean asked with his gun level with the angels head.
They weren't yelling Sherlock noticed . They were all just .....
He is not going to give up on this so easy. He's not that type of man . John shot up to his feet straightened his back. His blue eyes growing dark. He strides over to Mycroft and grabs his posh suit collar .
“ It's quite alright Lucas” he let out a quite shaky breath and walked over to the two gentlemen.  He kept his back straight and his head held high despite the growing confusion.
John keeps his head low ,clears his throat as he  glances at the detective. No response ....His sharp blue gray green eyes still glued to the screen of his phone .
" Are you angry with me. ?"
"I have a feeling you know what this is ."
Its been challenging and fun I am a bit nervous about the penetrative sex . Keeping up with the limbs and emotions the euphira will be the hardest challenge yet.
That ripped a sound from John Sherlock hasn't heard yet....proud of himself he pushed back moaning when John gripped his cock even tighter ...
"Don't bother Mrs. Huston will let her in . "
He don't wait for her reply.  He drains the tub wraps the towel around his waist and sneaks out to the kitchen. Sherlock was at the window soft notes humming from his violin. ..Obviously in deep thought. Good.
John thought back.  “ Chubby demon - posh suit and red eyes. “ He described.
His fingers barely  touched  around the girth, slowly the detective ran his hand up the shift then back down.
How can he explain this to a naïve young man?
Nothing but the dial tone. Well that went down like a lead balloon.
John got up and answered ,when he open the door his eyebrow raised to his hairline . "Leeanna?” surprise was  obvious in his voice .
___________________________________
' in at any moment.
Now all that was left was the  stone of a weeping angle and  the one that made John a bit skeptical - It sounded so sexual.
A frightening night and a fight to get  home.
__________________________________________
" Why don't we just kill em?" The Demon said his  lips curling into something nasty his black eyes shimmering with sick humor.
Two........
"I will be home in a few hours . I only have two classes today...There is food on the ice box  and you have Mycroft's card if you want take out. " Sherlock mumbled as he scurried up the steps quickly and vanished into the building. John didn't have time to say anything ,not even a “ have a nice day “. He just shook his head and looked around. He took a deep breath of cool London air. This  was a nice part of campus .  Each building had its own style. One made out of wood like an old-fashioned cabin, another was a large silver concrete building that was at least three stories tall, with wide clear windows that reflected the gray London sky .Sherlock's building was a large brick building adorned with a few large bushes and a couple beds of flowers of all different kinds.  He's never seen this building during his time spent here. He looked up at the sign.
_______________________
... Hope ?
Crowley tilted his head , the way she is talking is nothing like the angels he has  met. This girl must be leading these boys on..
The drive home felt like a drive home from a case in his time. He and Sherlock giggling inappropriately about his brother and the amount of uncharacteristic touching  and caring he showed the psychopath  who hissed at John.
"Nothing's going to happen Sherlock. I can handle myself. The worse that going to happen is we get roughed up by some demons again or something.  "
Sherlocks eyes widened in shock . Oh god he wasn't thinking he just....acted. He's never done that before. He stepped over a line.
Nodding Wilberforce sucks in a long quiet breath for courage. The steps echo only three times on the wood floor before reaching the bed.
Sam clears his throat and  fills in for his brothers stunned silence." Cas this is John Watson he's the reason we called."  The angle didn't say anything just  stared at him. John started to feel uncomfortable.  He rubbed his arm ,shifted his weight foot to foot, then stepped back and held out his hand " I really am sorry about that.  My name is John. Thank you for coming to help ."
……..the wet friction...sliding along the shaft up to the head ,  pulling the foreskin over the sensitive glands there .
John had this same unease around Khoung- But that guy was just bloody creepy...
John tosses the necklaces up and down in his hand . He pins Sherlock with a stare . " Your full name is William Sherlock Scott Holmes . You are the world's only consulting detective, a profession you  created for yourself. You have a keen interest in unusual or bizarre crimes, without which you  rapidly becomes bored, relying on nicotine to keep your brain active, although in the past , well present in this case you dabbled in illegal drugs such as heroin or cocaine  for entertainment.
(See the end of the chapter for
The car door opens and Mycroft slide in "Yes Doctor Watson Vampires ,Werewolfs you name it . - If they happen to slip past our security and make a mess.  Like the one you almost made . Sherlock here  identifies them for us . "
Dean runs an exhausted hand through his hair . "  Sherlock.  We face all kinds of 'somethings.' All the time. If it's to dangerous we can retreat, regroup and  do a little more research and find out how to gaink the son of a bitch and get your buddy home. " Dean said confidently .
Sherlock's whole body tenses at the warm touch. His heart speeds up and a heat flashes through his body from the tips of his toes up to the tops  of his ears. For the first time in a long time Sherlock Holmes was speechless. He simply nods. He watches Henry's eyes dart down to his lips , the action causes the Detective to lick them.
Sherlock opens his door and looks at John “Come on then John we can't be picky now can we.”
Sherlock licked his lips and swallowed back the sudden pool of saliva that collected in his mouth.
"Hello what can I get you to drink sweetie ?" She  licked her red lips and smiled at John tossing her long dark curls over her shoulder.
Sherlock....
Sherlock took a soft breath in and closed his eyes .  He let his head fall to the doctors broad shoulder. Sherlock felt the other man tense up for a moment  but he relaxed almost immediately .Sherlock held back his smile .He felt John shift around for a moment before he put his arm around  Sherlock's back and pulled him closer to a more comfortable position. That made the young man smile. He is not  wrong from what he been deducing.....This man was his lover from the future.  Not to many people get to meet the person they  spend their life with twice.
Sherlock sucked just the head inside his mouth and wrapped both hands around John's shaft..
John took a moment ...a breath. A pause.....He was always ready to jump into danger and the unknown...but whatever was going on now was bigger then him.... He just found out time travel and magic were real ;that the post office had a secret bunker hidden behind a series of doors covered in the same odd marking. Mycroft knows this stuff exists  and how to deal with it .That leads John to his next question.  Does his Sherlock know this stuff exists?
The doctor look over at him horrified and speechless. B
And only two more weeks after Wilberforce Morgan boarded his slave ship….only to be shot and tossed in the never ending ocean.
He can’t help but stare. Sherlock laid before him ,bent over ready for him .  With his free hand John pulled Sherlock trousers down to his knees . He saw the young man flinch and bury his face even further into the fabric of his pillow.
“ I had my bad days “
“Stop.” John voice is firm , he wanted this.  God knows he wants it. But not like this. Sherlock is so young . John came back and saved him from  rape. He can't force this boy to do something like this.
He smirked to himself...
"Wait" John protested, this Sherlock was just like the one in his time. "My jumpers are not goofy they're  comfortable.  "He pauses outside the door. He didn't  pull his arm from the younger man's grip . He just stopped him from walking inside .  "Maybe I should wait out here until you get me a shirt.  Just grab anything and I'll finish my shopping.  "
"Mycroft?" he said wiping his mouth even if nothing came up . He looked around. ...What the hell? Where did he go ? This was not funny.
Both Jo and Hansen were confused by this but simply did as they were told.   It wasn't long before Sherlock Holmes took over . He went over all of the files in a matter of 20 minutes and started demanding to see the body.
The odd man wiped around and shook his head like he didn't just ask a personal question he shouldn't know anything about. " Iknow a man who might be able to help let me get his number. "
"What the hell are you talking about ? What tape?"The thin boy pulled the jacket John gave him closer to him as the night chill started to settle in ."Who are you?
Sorry I just had to share!
" Hay where do you think you're going shorty." Dean said  grabbing Sherlock by his small shoulders and steering him away from Digglers small black door.
The demon nodded.  " Yes sir. "
" It's a long story - "
Sherlock smiled. "Bad day was it ? "
Sherlock grabbed his hand and pulled himself up. His legs wobbled under him. He adjusted his pants and pulled John's jacket closer to his bare body. "Wonderful where is the fatty -". Sherlock doesn't want his bother to see him like this. Bad enough he knows about this mess..
But dreaming something like that was... to much even for him.  He's in his mid thirties.  He don't need to be having fantasies like that about his best friend.
_______________________
Sherlock groaned in protest , muttered  a few choice words , got up glaring daggers at the floor like it was the culprit of making time go by to quickly .
These past three weeks have been interesting as well, a new murder appeared in New York . He  is remarkable, a modern-day Jack the Ripper. The killer leaves no evidence behind and there is always a surgical trophy removed. He had been the one to point out the connection between the kills. The lieutenant was grateful, as it turns out she was glad to have him on the case. It makes him happy that the people in his life  respected him as much as they do.
John smiled he knew how it felt to be the one who had to clear the air when his companion did something stupid. John  was no Sherlock but he could see this man was use to apologizing for the shorter one.   He wondered if that short hair man was as bad as Sherlock. No. Most likely not.  John smiled and held out his hand to shake his. "Doctor John Watson this- " he said nodding to Sherlock, who has been unusually quiet and hasn't moved from behind John."-Is my friend Sherlock Holmes. And no you didn't offend anyone . The sign  made it quite easy to find you.  It's nice to meet you both. " he craned his neck as they made their greeting .It  was unfair he had to strain just  to look up at both of the American men.  He thought his Sherlock was tall but theses two had a good five  inches on him.
Sherlock watched as the car drove off until it disappeared.  There went the most interesting man he ever will meet.
Wilberforce smiles down at his friend ...then glaces at the door.
God he hoped this wouldn't backfire...the buzz he had was long gone ...now he wished he had at least a bit of that left.
Sherlock licked his lips and sucked the bottom one between his teeth..... In a way he hoped John don't find his way home. At least for a little while....Especially, if he was going to keep this up.
" WHA!!  No w'y yous  a yankee!! ? Hay Dion-" ( what no way you a Yankee? )  he shouted loudly at a burly black man with a white vest and pants that almost hung  to his knees " Dey from where Toba'y is from , dat ‘ew Emlag' place up nor'h!"  ( they are from up north where Toby is from , that New england place)
Sherlock and John meet the Winchesters.
-Best not to dwell on it to much.  Composing himself once again he went up to meet with his worried son.
“What do you want Sherlock?”
" Hay wait!!" Lucas tried  again grabbing- and failing to stop  the detective.
"Where  I come from.....or I should say
"..When did I give this to you?"
It was dark now ... When did that happen?
"Ok old man - "Sherlock spat when they got outside.
Sherlock like this !! Searing red-hot range flashes in front of John's eyes. Shots  are fired, blood painted the walls. More shots  echoed , followed by more blood.  The sound of screams met  his ears and all  John  sees is the faces Sherlock made in the video. The sound of his painful cries begging them to stop. All he hears is the sound of those monsters flesh shoving into Sherlock's perfect cupid bow lips , into his tight little body ,that John will never admit ,but longs to touch.
“I was lonely...” Sherlock said simply.
https://youtu.be/6A34cyfA6UI
He raised and eyebrow.
John held back a smile. If he stayed too long he might end up doing something he might regret. This Sherlock is  so open . John would put money on it that the boy don't even realize what he just said "Alright you have a point."
" Dreaming of mom? " Abe finished sadness evident in his tone.
He felt his face heat up as John's eyes lingered ion his. Then John's eyes  followed the line of Sherlock's  neck to the open buttons of his shirt then  quickly they darted out the window .
John slowly  examined Sherlock's bruised ankles checking for brakes. He found none.  John felt relief wash over him  he is sill wound up ,confused,angry   and  the   smell of blood and gun powered filled his nose. This is a nightmare .  A child like Sherlock covered in track marks and bruises? He needs to  wake  up.  All   he has  to do was get Sherlock home . Then he would wake up . That's how it worked right? Or maybe jumping off a building?
1: John Watson finds his lips appealing.
Note:
John bit his lip as he watched the mop if ink black curls move
"Shh Sherlock relax.... trust me I won't hurt you...god you're beautiful...." he kissed Sherlock's neck and back softly taking it slow. Keeping his hands away from the crack of his arse just  ...for now ....He waits touching caressing Sherlock pale skin. John marvels at the sight of Sherlock pushing back into the bed and wriggling.
Vampires.
John shook his head. " No demons won't work. Already tried , they ask for too much  "
" Our place is a bit hard to find so we will meet you at the Hastings Municipal Airport . Look it up. You will find it. When you get here give us a call . We can have a look at the item then go from there. "
And yes...the liquid was blood ....lovely. .At least he didn't have to cut himself or sacrifice a virgin.
John's heart leaped" She's yours?!" he asked surprised .
It's been forever since John had a girlfriend stay so long , even with Sherlock's consent texting during dates and when he's at her house she don't seem to mind. She's a nice girl ,understanding and smart. She works in the microbiology lab at the clinic. She's smart , beautiful. She has  long fake curly blond hair that touches her full hips, sky blue eyes that change with her mood. She's a bit heavy set  but - the weight is in all the right places. Large breasted, thick thighs and a perky arse. She's a few inches shorter than John and about four years younger than him as well .
Slowly they made their way out of the Cemetery to the impala. John patched Elizabeth up and gave the girl a hug . If it wasn't for her Sherlock could have been hurt.
John inwardly cringed he still felt terrible for that.
"No Sherlock , Doctor Watson will not be staying with you. He will be staying at the hotel suite we reserved for him for his remaining time here.  "He looked pointedly at his younger brother . " I also do not want a grown man in your flat. Not after the display I walked into this morning "He spoke dryly but his voice was stern and final.
But …
John put his hand in his pocket and fiddled with the necklace unsure about letting such a strange man get his hands on it .
The angles eyes darted  to the doctors then the  pendent wrapped around  Johns palm. " Where did you get this?" He asked.
- whatever the hell he feels for Sherlock will come to a boil at any point. Just one little ice pop made John go mad  with images that should be illegal and here in the states ARE illegal. It don't help that in his dream his Sherlock gave his  younger self permission to suc-
He whimpered at the sensation.
Sherlock shivered and let out soft baritone whimpers that sent a sweet shot of titillation down John's  spine. Slowly he pulled the garment over Sherlock's head no words were spoken and the kiss only broken when the fabric slid over Sherlock's head .
A few seconds slipped by ...John sighed. O
They stopped outside of Sherlock's school building.  "I will let you know when Khoung has finished with your necklace. I am aware you would like to say goodbye to my brother before you go." It wasn't a question.
"Alright if you want to dress like someone's daddy I won't stop you" He said with a put on sigh.  He went back to digging though the racks of fake military style gear.
Sherlock sat blinking blankly at him while Mycroft simply nodded.
John hesitated then handed him the pendant .
They drove for a few hours until the day turn to night and the world became quiet even  the radio was turned off. Dean started to nod off. So he decided to pull into a small motel in the middle of nowhere. Sherlock felt like he caught herpes just looking at the place. “ Tell me we are not sleeping here “ Sherlock drawled disgust evident in his voice .
"Welcome back Mr. Holmes " they say in unison .
____________________________
"Sherlock you okay? "
Oh god - it's face!
"Sam brought it to me . " Sherlock said with a shrugging . He tossed the stick of the ice pop in the ben next to his bed and wiped his mouth with the his hand . " find anything out? " John suddenly remembered how tired he is. " It's only our first day here Sherlock. Let's give it some time ...."
"My ,My how did you get your hands on that? You must be  part of the British men of letter. "He seemed like he wanted to take a step closer but didn't move.
" Dame didn't thank you had moves like that jumpers." Dean said as he walked over to his brother . He patted the taller man shoulder and nodded to the car.
The attack never came and that graveyard  was once again silent .
They both erupted into a fit of giggles.
Sherlock -
John nodded and shut the door .
There is a twist in his chest along with a knot in his throat Henry couldn't seem to swallow.
"She was pretty obvious.  "  John said in between giggles.
Dean pulled him again and pointed to something ahead of them. Bodies. Demons littered of the ground of the moon lit graveyard..
__________________
John reached over and grabbed the small expensive bottle that laid right on top. Who would have thought that Sherlock Holmes stored a bottle of lube in his bedroom? He flipped open the cap of the tube and poured some of it on his hand. The cold liquid slowly running down his fingers, glistening in the light.
John watched, cataloging every movement Sherlock made with his tongue.  Quick flicks at the glands under the head ,long laps up from the base of his cock to the tip....
He was stunning. Not saying his Sherlock wasn't, but this boy's youth seemed to make him glow with ethereal beauty that simply took his breath away.
“I hate you both!” she screamed, “I knew you were in love with him you prick!"
The young curly hair British  boy , Crowley guessed was Sherlock stepped in. " My brother said they are impossible to find and even more impossible to kill. "
Sherlock watched him cursorily obviously trying to deduce what was going on inside John's head.
For once John seemed to have rendered Sherlock speechless.
John groaned, god this woman was a tease . At least he knew where she stood in this new ordeal.
Werewolves.
_____
John looks between the two  “ five minutes that's it. Sherlock don't do anything remember we are not  in London .”
Soon, but not soon enough Dean comes out smiling holding the key. " Come on guys let's get our things -" Dean pulls Sam by the arm and bumps John's shoulder and nodded for him to follow. To Sherlock's surprise the men keep talking even after they walked away down the small sidewalk to the  room and continued even as Dean opened the door . They  continued to chat  in a friendly manner like they were family  and continued  up until Dean shut the door .
Mycroft shook his head. "I don't know them personally . I simply know of them and the lives they lead."
Sam smiles " yeah."
Good bye ??
One ring ....Two ...Three ...
"No thank you Doctor Watson . We will phone you when Khoung is finished "
The boy pointed to a small kitchen . John got up and  rummaged through the icebox surprised he didn't find any lingering body parts;  just frozen food and a few things of meat . He took out two bags of peas and wrapped them in flannels  he found on the sink.
Have an early chapter-!
Sherlock waved a hand in front of his face.  Did someone turn the heat up?
Sherlock relaxed into John's warm body, they still had a few hours to go might enjoy it.
" Hello Dean. " came a deep voice from behind John.
" Don't worry John  this is where we live.”
then...
The towel in place. Just a thin cloth to cover- but not hide the shape and size of what's underneath. The water still dripping down his broad chest was chilling his skin...gooseflesh prickled his skin and he felt his nipples harden with the cool hair .... the camera snaps .
"Dammit-"  he pulled his phone out of his pocket and quickly dialed Sam's  number .
Sherlock's eyes snapped open just in time to see the demons' corps fall to the ground.  He blinked , the other demon fell. Suddenly Demons start running from the shadows-
This must really be a nightmare
He sits up and pulled off his night shirt  and turns his  light back on. He held up his camera and took took picture of his chest from the neck down showing off his broad chest tight muscles and that soft little V where his pants meet his hips.
___________________
_______________________________________
Feet stomped inside the room
Sherlocks head is spinning. Was he and John truly waiting for marriage ? Dose that mean they are engaged ?! He glances over at John....at the most incredible man he ever met in his life ,to the man he was going to marry. For once in Sherlocks life he was speechless .
How ? John didn't want to ask... Sam and Dean  looked so sad when they said they  had it . The Winchester's  also had the
Sherlock looked down at his feet . "Yeah...I'll try  ."It wasn't a lie he. Was going to find a more reliable dealer.
John was about to ask how he knew that but he has learned not to question the Holmes.
John finds out a few things about Sherlock and his cases
Henry laughs again, giving into the urge he takes a few steps over to Sherlock and slowly he raises his hand to the detectives cheek “ Like immortality? ” Henry whispers.
…..neck…….
…. tugging them, slowly making a path downward. Kissing each mound of muscle on his stomach one ...through six.  He dipped his tongue into John's belly button . Oh god....he was so close to Johns cock...
Sherlock made his way to the bedroom, as he passed the bathroom he heard the shower running and stopped, he debated for a few seconds on whether or not to enter,Just to tease the doctor...but even even knew that was a bit not good'
Did that come from John's room?
He saved Sherlock Holmes and now he's a normal ,hormonal , homosexual,  sixteen year old ,sassy soon to be detective . He smiles and holds back the pain he feels for the other Sherlock and the fondness he feels for this one . He leans over and kisses a very confused  Sherlock's cheek.
It was too late the dark headed man spotted him "Hey freak !I need to talk to you !!."His deep voice  rumbled through the door after him. Sherlock picked up speed . He really didn't not want to deal with this.... Just a few more meters  and and can hide in the closet down the hall. No one but him seemed to know it was unlocked. It was his safe spot . He could see the hallway leading to the closet  door but it was to late he felt a strong hand on his shoulder push him . He stumbled forward clutching  his bag. He straightened up but didn't turn to the man . "What do you want  Wilkes .?"Sherlock said keeping his voice board.
John took the other man's small hand in his " We will. Just do me a favor yeah? Try to stay away from shady people...."
No one knew , not even Mycroft.
"That's fine...it's all fine ...lube?" he asked letting go of his hair . Sherlock buried his face in his pillow and pointed to the night stand .
" The key is under the second board beneath  the mat." Sherlock explained.
"Don't hanging up "John rushed when he heard the sound of rustling "I need his help or someone who knows as much as he did ."
But the darkness was settling in....He felt like all the monsters in his mind could bleed through his eyelids and creep into reality and gobble him up leaving  nothing left.
Sherlock couldn't help but to smile when he heard the soft sound of  John's phone falling to the floor in the bathroom .
He can't help but to smile down at his phone .
________________________
Something warm touches him........ What ? ...oh ?
It happens like a slow motion scene in the film. Something grey flashes from behind John.  It catches in his peripheral vision. His body moved ,his fist came up before the gun . John put his whole body into the punch ;he felt the bones in his fingers crack on the impact.  It was like he was hitting stone.
Dean nodded " Fine . Hay Jumpers - "
Who the hell keeps this stuff in their boot?!)
Elizabeth was tossed next to Sherlock her knee colliding with Sherlock's hip.
"SONOFABITCH JOHN WHAT IS WRONG WITH YOU!!" Dean yelled, "There’s  more coming! They got the kids!!"
That look he saw in John's eyes -
" Is that what sent you back?" Sam said noticing the necklace in the doctor's hands.
John's face dropped fear and sadness filled his features...Sherlock could see the way John clenched his right fist, left hand trembling  .
"Your mouth~
It practice for another fic I am doing
Get the help he needs and go back home back to Sherlock that's all he has to do.
John comes back from his phone call and sits next to Sherlock being mindful not to get to close . He looks' over the food on the table and pokes  at one of the red steaming creatures. " Well can't be worse than what the army made us  eat. " John joked dryly .
"Mycroft. " John corrected  politely with a nodded " The question is : how did he not know Bobby was dead. That man knows everything. "
A heavy weight of sadness crushed Harry's insides. His eyes darted  to the picture on his desk of the beautiful blonde woman he once loved. Of course Abe thought that was the source of his tears. Abe  never knew about William Pitt, no one did. He died over 200 years ago. Harry sucked in another long deep shuddering breath his body was trembling.
And just like that the  drugs  are completely forgotten .
"Hungry?" Sherlock murmured as they left another shopping center .
-But everyone knows.  John H. Watson "
______________
After that embarrassing display John grabbed the first pair of clean clothing out of his bag and ran to the large communal bathrooms  to clean himself up.
"Of course you can not . Oh ,John when you go inside do be quiet  he is not to fond of strangers watching him dance. "
John felt Sherlock's small warm hands on his bare arm . The feeling  sent small shivers down his spin...He and his Sherlock touch all the time ..but not this much...never in public. It was always simple touches . Like a hand on the small of  Sherlock's back or their feet tingling when they sat across from each other in the comfort of their flat, a brush of fingers when John hands Sherlock his tea. Pressing their shoulders against each other in the cab with their bodies buzzing with  adrenaline after a good chase through the streets of London. One thing that never seemed to change with Sherlock was that look in his eyes. That  madding intelligence and the way he could see right through him . Even at this age.
John walked into the room and closed the  door this was his only way. Young Mycroft seemed to trust this freakishly pale Russian so maybe the Mycroft in his time trusted him to . So he told him everything. Starting  with Mycroft's call then went on from there all about the tape the trip in the car. Everything.
The angle shakes his head " It won't work -" he said pointing to the object of interest. " He was sent back with this and he needs to get sent home with this. "
This I thank is the longest chapter I have written so far . Well beside the chapters I smashed together in a few of my earlier chapter's I hope you enjoy.
."  No ...he won't ever get that from anyone. All people are the same. If it hadn't been for John last night he would most likely be in a hospital having  overdose and rape kit done.
"Hello?" Came the same rough voice as before.  It sounded slurred with sleep and a night of getting pissed .
Sherlock lay in bed eyes glued to the darkness....... He could see them....
Sebastian nodded and grunted in pain.
----------------------------------------
"H-w bout yu boyz joian   yuu friendz and have som crawfish-" Wild Bill grabbed both Sam and Dean's shoulders and herded them over to a row of long tables set up with plastic tablecloths hanging over to the ground . There was a huge lump  of red steaming crawfish piled up so high Dean could  barely see Sherlock's curls on the other end   of the table. the crawfish wasn't the only thing on the tables  ribs ,burgers, boiled onions , sausages and a few things in pots he couldn't identify  were also stacked on as well. The spices that puffed up from the food made Dean's eyes water.
Suddenly Sherlock  stops in his tracks. Lucas almost plowed right into him.
“That's why you are meeting me before the sun goes down silly boy. I knew you would find most of the list but I didn't think you would find them so fast. Listen to me. How about you and your friends meet me at the cemetery in an hour .It will be easier to get the angel when it's still light. " Sam nods even if she can't see it.
He don't say any of that . He just smiles at Mycroft and holds out his hand to shake the other man's " Well he does seem to have a good taste in men ."He joked softly.
He was curious what John would do if he sent him a photo of himself ? Would he be angry?Surprised? Aroused?
Just as he closed his eyes -
John nodded - " Sounds good to me . "
_______________________________________________
John raised an eyebrow but didn't hesitate or question what he meant. He took the phone and unlocked the screen . No password.
Sherlock want to groan they weren't getting a hotel room?! How was he going to seduce John before he goes home if they stay here?! Sherlock hits his forehead on the seat in front of him. "Alright....I am coming John. "He said as evenly as possible. ..Theses two men better not rush this. Sherlock took a deep breath through his nose . Into battle then.
John laughed, “.. It's hard to explain.  Just know it's not a bad thing.”
- So he can  protect Sherlock.
Sherlock sat there alone....Johns warmth still lingered all around his words where like a cozy blanket in his mind . He had them on repeat over and over he heard John's words....Words he never thought anyone would ever say.... He took a deep breath his mind finely catching up to the current moment. ..he was alone .....the shower was running..
"Doctor Watson! " Mycroft's voice ripped through him like a hot knife "What the hell do you think you're doing summoning him into our county!? How the hell did you get that ritual! ?"
Dean shrugged " Alright that settles that.   Let's get ready to go.  We will leave in few hours ."
The sound of another punch and the ripping of clothing made John spring into action. He rounded the corner  and he felt his heart stop. "DON'T FUCKING MOVE !"he shouted making the group freeze .
Johns eyes widened . He felt his face heat up. Unable to hide the blush that he knew was there . Of course that's how Mycroft sees them.  That's how everyone sees them. Though Sherlock don't feel things that way - in his time anyway. A  disturbing thought crossed his mind .
Could these people really help? There is so much at stake . If he could get this necklace to work he could travel right back to his time no matter how long he is stuck here....Right? He handed the mobile back to Mycroft then shoved the necklace back  into Khoung’s pale hands.
"Of course I am old man ."He squeezed his shirt tighter "Well, be on your way then. " Sherlock turned around and slid the shirt over his head .
" Our grace is an energy of pure creation, which all angels are naturally infused with. It is what allows angels to access and experience our species' celestial abilities and attributes. Separating an angel from its grace will render us powerless or worse -mortal."
" You two . Is this  your bunker ?" Sherlock asked in disbelief "I didn't know the American Men of Letters were still......alive... " John looked over at Sherlock. Did they just get sent to another band of suits?
Sherlock watched the doctor. He must have someone at home...someone he cared about .It was clear he was thinking about them. The way his face lit up and his eyes soften his pupils dilated.
Sherlock cringed beside him.
Loud American classic rock echoes in the air around them. Dean sat singing to every song on the radio . His hands tapped the steering wheel to the  beat of every song. Sam was sleeping in the front seat next to his brother.
Then Pitts coughing started again ...and didn't stop… Blood came up over his lovely lips staining them red...Fear rose over Wilberforce heart and he called for the doctor to return…
“I don't have to listen to you, Johnny tell him!” She shouted.
Sherlock withdrew with  a look of hurt on his face.  " Do what ? Like me because  it is clear you do . Is it because I'm sixteen ? Or is it because you are to scared to put the moves on your future boyfriend ?"
God- he felt like a teenager again trying to get a quick sneaky wank in before his parents got home.  He took a deep breath and started moving his hand up and down the shaft slowly ; letting the pleasure build  and build. So quickly .
"I'm not his friend.  I just heard he could help we with a necklace...." he hoped whoever these people were believed him. " You see this necklace sent me  back in time and now I'm...well  stuck. The man who sent me back told me to find Mr. Singer if I need help getting back home. " another silence before that deep sleep rough voice -Dean answered
Johns cold eyes met hers “ Of course I love Sherlock.  If he and I were a couple at least I know he wouldn't cheat on me!!” John's hands were shaking now. He had enough of this. " Get out of our Flat.”
" Sorry Dean but I have to agree with your brother.  The trip seems like the best way to go." Sherlock said mildly.
John ran as fast as his legs could carry him . He could see Sherlock now ; he was standing alone.
...he looked down at his mobile, the picture of John half naked surround by his experiments supplies this could have been an accident but ....what if.....
........ down kissing Sherlock's  jaw down to the alabaster skin of his tantalizing throat .
It made the politician sneer.Anger and pain filled his belly until it felt like he might exploded . How could he have never known about this ? His nose curled up and he had to turn away from the screen .His little brother....was gang raped. He grabbed the remote and shut off the screen. With a painful sigh he leaned back in his leather recliner and pinched the bridge of his nose. He had to stop this .....
He opened the message. Read it once, twice , blinking at the small screen again and again the words never changing
"You okay?"
John looked up almost surprised to see Sherlock. Immediately  John's eyes softened he could fee all tension leaving his body .
....That's it ...
(See the end of the chapter for
Talking about selling souls like he's  some demon . There is no way he would agree to something like that . Yeah he wanted to go home -but for all he knows and after all he been though - this guy could be the devil or something ."How about no- Do you know where I can find an angle? I rather deal with them then a demon."
" Well let's get your bags before we had out. " Dean said jutting his thumb vaguely in the direction of the baggage claim area.    John looked back at Sherlock . " Hey you alright back there ?"
Sherlock walks up behind John and places his hand on the taller man's shoulder and pressed in close "What are you two talking about . 2017 is ten years away."
Sherlock made a soft noise when John ran his tongue across Sherlock's bottom lip...Slowly the younger man opened his mouth and let John inside . Letting him deepen the kiss .
" I  tried to keep them out Henry -  but this man wouldn't take no for an answer.-"
This is too much. His heart is hammering his cock swelling to the point it was painful.
They were all writing , reading , taking notes and working on the switch boards.  It was like a busy office with crazy glowing markings  painted all over the walls.
He was still just standing there staring...
Hummm John don't like the news about Bobby being dead.
John shutters when Sherlock places a cool hand on his forehead . " It is rather hot. " Sherlock  shuffled in closer and smoothed his small cold hand down from John's forehead to his temple and began tracing John's jaw with feather light touches, softly guiding  John so he is  face to face with crystal kaleidoscope irises.
" Can I see it ? " Sam  asked his large hand held out expectedly.
Sherlock rolled his eyes "Is that our guy?"
Sherlock rolled his eyes this is going to be a long drive. He just wanted to hurry up, get a room  so he can set his plan into motion. It won't be hard .Sherlock made sure to bring a few extra tight shirts that pulled at all the right places and  showed off his neck. He spotted John staring at it whenever he got a chance. Sherlock held back his grin.  He also brought a few special trousers.  He took a deep breath to settle his excitement. He leaned into the leather seats and  let his gaze wander out the window.  The landscape of the foreign country passed  by flat barren county side that seems to fall right into the cloudless starry  sky. Barn after barn ,country houses after small county house  dotted the land .  It is  beautiful. The wind rustled the long fields of grass . Bats and lighting bugs flew high in the clear night sky the night air that brushed his face in from the open window is so warm. This place is so different than the smog and constant cloud cover of London.
"I know I'm right John ." Sherlock said evenly as he sat back, his legs tucked under him. "  I can deduce everything. I can see it in your eyes... the way you care for me . How you are so comfortable  with me like we been working together for years . You know my habits better than I do . What else could you be other than my boyfriend. " he waves a hand at John like it was obvious.  " You are just my type. A tall ,built solder, who's not completely boring and not as stupid as the rest of the world . You smile at my flaws ,and call my deductions amazing. " His voice broke at the end and  he lowered his head curls covering his eyes. " We are ...." His voice is nearly a whimper " together right?"
"What happened back there!" Sam asked running up to John. The demons were gone Dean flowing after them. .
Soon they had a paste in the bole ready to go .  Elizabeth nodded to the angel . “ Rub it on its neck.  The stone will turn to flesh, but be quick it will only last  for three or four seconds. The moment you see flesh slice it with your angle blade  and get as much as you can.”
" Dean we should be asking why they attacked in the first place." Sam looked back at John " You said you summoned a demon right. "
"Client? This late ? " Thank god for distractions. .John's head was still spinning with embarrassment.  He can't handle much more of this. Sherlock was acting so casual like he didn't get a picture of his best friends prick and a provocative pin up of him on the kitchen table.
Khoung smiled a razor sharp toothed smile. " Just follow what's inside the envelope Doctor Watson and  you will be fine....I would suggest doing it before Mycroft returns. " he paused "also tell the man  I  told you to call. "
________________________________
The chubby man nodded  " Precisely. Angels though, I have never met one . We are more than aware they do indeed exist.  The incantation written  on the necklace is the one to send you home .”
John shrugged again and  leaned against the window. "I'm still here aren't I ? "
Today was no different . The body is perfect showing no signs of a struggle, not a hair or fiber out of place.  If he didn't know any better it would just look like it was a natural cause of death but Henry
Home , Sherlock , 221 B , Mrs. Huston everything seems to be slipping through his fingers. He don't want to hurt an angel by taking it's 'grace' or whatever if it can render them powerless or mortal . That would be awful. John don't want that on his conscience . There had to be another way. John scrubbed his face. If the grace thing was the only way to activate the necklace then how the hell did Mycroft send him back? There is no way Mycroft Holmes was an angle.
Chapter 2
Johns girlfriend challenged him to a game .....
"I'm not going to fuck you
"Oh yes you should see the magazines I have found while looking for drugs Doctor Watson. They would make a sailor blush. " They both laugh. It was a surreal experience. Mycroft's laugh was soft like a quiet hum of a hummingbird wings. It was nothing like John imagined his laugh would be . He didn't even know this man could laugh.   If Mycroft  did John would have  assumed it would be a shrill nasally sound that left a slimy cold feeling  on his skin.
"This way "
The sun starts  rises through the trees splashing colour all over the sky above.
" You look ready to go as well Sherlock.   "
Pitt tightened his grip  and looked up at Wilberforce with tired swollen eyes.  “ We cracked crowns didn't we ? “ he murmurs softly after a short silence .
"Good morning Doctor Watson. I am glad you could join me. "
Dean pats  the girl on the back and nods to where he parked his car. "Alright show us what we need to do. We got angel blades if the dicks try anything funny. "The girl nods  and follows them to the impala hiding just beyond Crowley's sight . He  snapped his fingers; that was the signal and his demons where on the move.
HE was going to be Sherlock's  first. There was no question about it.  John  had  received many blow blow jobs but this was his first from a man...Not just any man . This man was his best friend . His meaning of life.
_________________________
Harry's heart stopped. This can't be. The word him like a tidal wave it's been over 200 years since he's heard that name, that voice. This is  impossible-
Henry smiles to cover the fear coiling down  his veins. This was not going to be easy  to explain.
The reply was instant.
For a moment Sherlock  stood there blushing genuinely stunned. It took Sherlock a matter of fifteen seconds to compose himself ,force down his blush and replace it with a mask of boredom.
_____________
"Morning Sherlock "The sliver blonde man greeted him cheerfully  with a  broad smile on his face. John's heart swam as he took in the sight of  a soft sleep rumbled younger version Sherlock flop dramatically on the sofa. Some things never change.
Something in John's heart lifted
John  looked over at Sherlock the poor boys face was twisted like he was in pain.
Sherlock was looking at a few army clad khaki cargo pants when John came up behind him . The boy just smiled and pushes a pair of cargos right into his arms "These will look great with that . "He said pointing to the green T Shirt John randomly slipped on.
The nurse patting away the sweat from Pitt’s brow turns to leave, the others follow seconds after. Once they were out of the room Wilberforce finished his journey to his best friends bedside.  He places a hand close to Pitt’s hip not touching- never touching it's too dangerous. From his spot on the bed he could feel Pitts fever radiating through the thick wool covers.
"Who the hell are you" The man asked his voice was like a snake hissing. He looked around the room and then down at the floor . "Dame " he groaned, his red eyes flicked over to a more human color , and pinned John with a stare.
Once he got to his room there was a rather large box in front of his door marked in scratchy  hand writing .
Also if you want to give me a few pointers on how I can make my smut skills better that would be greatly appreciated!
Sherlock inwardly groaned he didn't want to deal with this after all  he been through in the past few hours... Quickly the small boy grabbed his bag and made a beeline around the other side of desks and out the opposite  door . It was a longer  walk home but he didn't want to deal with him.
Lucas tossed his hands up like a child “ I don't care ! First he calls Henry an idiot then he prances around like he owns the place ! Then he
Mycroft picked up his phone and started to type out a text.
" I am so sorry . I am normally better at controlling my reflexes! I have been nothing but a bundle of live nerves since I left London." The scruffy angle simply stared at him his deep blue eyes boring into John's.  He tilted his head like a dog trying to listen.  " Who is this Dean."
Sherlock moved his hands away from his chin and blinked. Instantly he regretted leaving his thoughts. The building they were currently parked in front of is worse than the other place the Winchesters tried to get them to say at the night before.
John freezes in his spot unable to look away form the lude display in front of him . Sure he was use to Sherlock's utter lack of boundaries but THIS is nothing compared to that.
John sucked in a breath of course.....He wants to  laugh . He runs a hand through his hair. Even this Sherlock thinks  they are together . Everyone sees it ... He sees it . They live with each other, they fight over the shopping ,who's turn it is to do wash. They watch crap telly with Sherlock sprawled out on the sofa his feet on John's lap. They fall asleep heads rested together after a hard case. They laugh, and smile ,they joke and...
-BAMF Sam and John.
" Stop ! You aren't even wearing gloves-" Lucas  tried again in vain. He chased after Sherlock  as the door  swings open.
"Don't worry about them Sherlock they were pigs...." He spat. "Come on let's get you up. It's only a minor sprain. "he said lifting the small boy to his feet. Sherlock's legs buckle under him again. John pulls the boy up and into his arms bridal style.
And before long everything was back to the way it should be .
He took a breath he didn't realize he was holding. It wasn't that John was a doctor . He has been to many  over caring professionals in his short sixteen years. It was the look in this mans eyes that made his breath hitch. He looked at Sherlock like he had known him for years, like he was the most important person in the world. Like this was normal for them...Like-  they did this every day. To him they where not stranger's.
" and
_______________________
Jo poked her head around the stranger.
" Let me get that for you ..."
______
Sherlock tried to sit up, his body protested. After a moment he managed to get up and push the tangled blankets off his legs and carefully got off the bed.
Dean didn't even have the boot open before they came at them. Sam shot a round into  one of the demons head , then another , it didn't fall. Dean tossed Sam a knife and tossed John the same sliver blade he had   in the last attack. John didn't need it he still had Sam's demon killing gun. Two shots ,two demons down, but they still keep coming . They were close now.
He felt his phone vibrating in his pocket. The doctor moved away from Sherlock to the kitchen,  since he was up might as well make tea to keep his hands busy so he can  ignore the constant buzzing in his pocket.
A bright yellow light blinded him.
He so seems so plain under his fluffy jumpers ,neat hair and kind blue eyes. Mycroft could see there was something more to that man. The moment John  showed him the necklace, to the moment he looked at his brother he could tell  John was more then just a doctor or an army man. This man possessed something Mycroft  him self wished he had.Something he's glad John has because this man...this terrifying, kind , passionate, heart filled man- is the man his brother chose to spend his life with. Mycroft smiled to himself.
Once he was finished he went out to the main room . When he entered he heard the two brothers arguing.
"How long have you two been together? "Sherlock found himself asking .
John reread the list in his head and voices the question floating around in every ones head. "What is a  weeping angel  ? "
But it was short-lived he spun around and reached behind him feeling for the notes, just as expected he pulls a few off .
They made their way out of the busy airport to the vast parking lot toting their bags behind them. Mycroft didn't pack much but John didn't plan on staying very long anyway.  He followed the two strangers zigzagging through the cars when John found himself face to face with  a beautiful classic, sleek-black 67 Chevy impala.
The man chuckled softly , a warm rusty sound. "Ah I see . Well my help comes with a price. "He straighten his shirt cuff and looked John in the eye. The look made cold gooseflesh rise up the back of John's neck.
" Fine." the younger man pouted. If Khoung couldn't get  John  home in the next two days he has a chance of spending time with the Doctor alone when they go to United States. He rolled over on the sofa to hide his smile. He might even get to share a hotel room with him . A giddy feeling swelled in his gut . Better make the most of it while John is still here.
Chapter 1:The tape.
Sherlock's eyes dart down to the gold liquid as it sloshes into the cup.
Wait .
"Ah h'y Wild Bill get diez boys a room !" ( hay Wild Bill get these boys a room . )
They sat  down at a lovely  outdoor diner . John put his bags down and pulled Sherlock's chair out for him. John then  settled in across from the younger man and picked up his menu. A young waitress about Sherlock's age came up ,notepad in hand.
"Tell him you piece of trash. !"John hissed voice commanding.
Sam patted Sherlock's messy curls and nugges  him back to the back seat. " Look kid we may not look it, but we are tough as nails and seen more monsters than you can imagine.. John will be fine.. We won't let him get hurt alright. "
Sherlock slouched deeper into his sofa and crossed his arms tighter . "I don't want to repay him Mycroft I'm not that sentimental.  "He huffed dramatically.  Of  course Mycroft wouldn't let John stay. There is no point in arguing. Sherlock could  just go visit him at his room anyway.
This was better than any drug. The thoughts of John and the overpowering euphoria that shot though his body with each stroke…It keep building , liquid fire in his veins. A twist his fist , the swipe of his thumb over the soft glands ...he couldn't hold back . The whole world disappeared into the fog of pleasure .  His chest was wet his belly and hand were sticky . It was all so good ..... . He is going to become  addicted.
He let out a sigh...why did he feel this way.  Didn't he just want to sleep the man? He was gorgeous and just his type - Sherlock couldn't lie to himself.  This man, John Watson has changed his life in a way no human being has . He felt something tingle behind his eyes  . He willed it away before it could spill over .
Dean smiled from the driver seat . " Wait till you hear her purr. " And just as he said that the engine roared to life sending shivers down John's spine. He and Dean talked about this car and that , witch  car is better then the other - the conversation always came back to ."
The drive seemed to have taken forever but in reality it was only a few minutes. The moment the car stopped John got out quickly . "Right here!" John called to the men slowly following him.  John glanced over at the building ...No police tape . Not even a single speck of dust changed since he been here....Good no one found the bodies yet. Maybe he should tell Mycroft .
Dean laughed from the other side of the table " Sorry we couldn't get anything better than Mickey D's.  It's the closest thing around. "
Unfeeling ,and uninterested in sex and relationships .The only thing that mattered to the detective is the work . They were friends and family that's all John needed . Even if his feelings for the crazy detective are more then that.  He would never push the man or make him uncomfortable.   John loves Sherlock and  has for a long time but they could never work out...Sherlock's to closed off and John...……. he's straight...
Abe  wrapped his chubby arms around his fathers shoulders. " Pop’s it's all right. I know it's been rough finding out what finally happened to Mom but- at least you know she loved you,  protected you and gave her lif- "
Sherlock on the screen lets out soft pleas and cries for the men around him to stop, but the mockery continued . His brothers painful cries echoed out the speakers neverending . The men around him shouted at him and slapped  his bother till his skin was red. They - fucked him , hurt him,
"John I don't want to hear about your boring extracurricular activities. I must have deleted whatever it is you are speaking of . Do go to bed John and don't waste  time with your dick in your hand . " --- Beep---
_____________
3: Licking a popsicle aroused him
And the grace does work…
Hansen nodded in agreement . " Most likely- " Once they entered  the office there is two men sitting in the chars in front of the lieutenants desk. She looked up and waved to the two gentlemen " Jo, Hansen. This- " she said waving her hand to a pale dark hair man " is Sherlock Holmes and his partner Doctor Watson. " she said with another wave of her hand. " -from England " she continued
This couldn't be a mistake Sherlock don't do things like this...
His phone vibrated again ...this time a picture came though.... Sherlocks heart stopped . Suddenly his mouth felt like he ate a handful of cotton balls. He couldn't look away...this had to be a mistake....no way John would ever send him something like this...but here it was .... A beautiful picture of the one thing Sherlock's couldn't deduce about John.... He had his theories but actual evidence was way more then he could have hoped ever see.
______
"Maybe it was Cas after little platoon  punched him in the face-" Dean joked and Sam playfully slapped his bother shoulder .
This young Sherlock will never stop taking his breath away.  Every time he looked over his heart twists and a warm sensation curled its way around his insides. Sherlock is  so small and thin , his skin is flawless and smooth like living ivory. His handsome brow lacked the stress lines of his future self had  permanently embedded there. Sherlock's eyes don't have heavy dark bags under them  -most likely do to his healthy sleep habits . Even his hair seemed more vibrant . His crisp chocolate curls were shiny  and seemed to be even more flouncy then the Sherlock he knew.
The words echoed in Sherlock's head. John's soft voice echoing around the halls of his mind palace. He was leaving?  But they barely know each other. John was the first interesting person he has ever met. He stood there blinking . The words continued down the halls of his mind like a song on repeat . He didn't notice he had been quiet for too long until John put a large  hand on his shoulder.
Sherlock made a noise in his throat, not denying it. He would honestly love to have all of John's attention. Having him full-time on cases, in the flat on lazy Sunday morning making tea. He would love to have more of him  or keep things as they were . Just having John was enough . But this woman is cheating on the single greatest thing in Sherlock's life. .” I know a strumpet when I see one. And John is just one of a string of lovers you have in your life .”
______________________________________________
He close his eyes , tears and sparkles clung to the back of his eye lids. -
Their hands brushed as Sherlock took the cup .
Just one hit ....no one will know....sample 7% solution. ...that's all....Everyone thinks he's on a case and he got away from Mycroft's cameras hours ago..
Sam looks at his brother  giving him the face Dean deems his
She told them how she got the cut - by jumping in front of Sherlock when  the angel  attacked . John couldn't be more thankful.
"The dorms sir. A about a mile south of here." Sherlock mumbled in a small voice. John felt the small boy tremble in his arms. Something about the way 'Sir ' sounded coming  out of Sherlock's mouth sent bolts of something sweet though John's veins.
Sherlock.
John awoke to the sound of  baritone and gravely laughter mixing like  an odd sort of melody... Okay so maybe it wasn't laughter it was more like snickering . Feeling the ever so gentle press of fingers on his back.  John groans and flipped over. "S'lock?"
Sherlock and John look at each other as they toss their things on the bed . Sherlock smiled inwardly.
John just stared.
stood still on his desk and the world fell silent.
_________________________________________
He sucked in a deep breath trying to steady his heart rate and get some blood back to his brain.   No way he could walk to the bathroom like this....
------------------
us out ?-
______________
He needs more data.
Crowleys on the move .
Sherlock felt relief flood over him. "Good that's good. "He takes a deep breath "So to the States then ?"
"Doctor Watson. "
“John do try not to break all the dishes.” He walked into the small kitchen and leaned against the table. “ Put the brandy down let me make you a cuppa ya. ?"
Angels.
"Guess I should get it then ?"
Dean looks at Sam, and he shrugs sitting down next to him. Sherlock's head pops up from the other side of the pile with his mouth full of food. Dean looks over at him with amusement "Looks like you're going to need a bigger mouth."
Sherlocks heart stops.
"Oh god." he said when he seen who was sent the message. How the hell did he send it to Sherlock! !!? Panic and embarrassment flared up and pulled him under . Quickly as he could he pushed the call button ...
When his eyes landed on Sherlock his heart felt like it jumped right out of his chest . He  padded over to the edge of the bed bare feet leaving small drops of water on the hardwood.
something about having John near helps settle his nerves.
"Just delete it alright .."
The adrenaline tapered off. Quickly he ran into young Sherlock's room. The doctor found him trembling tangled in his bed . Crying pleading...
John lifted an eyebrow and looked around it was four in the morning ...how was it still this dark ?
