Sherlock tucked his thumb in his mouth and hunched his shoulders, nodding. "Yeth'thir."
Sherlock frowns, and had John been looking, he would have seen the detective stomp his foot a little. Sherlock huffs to himself and decides to move onto Plan B. The taller man flops back into his chair, being careful about the angle, making sure that John's laptop doesn’t block his view of the show to come. Looking up at the blonde haired doctor, Sherlock sucks in a breath at the thought of John catching him doing what he is about to do. The thought excites him and his pulse quickens and his breath hitches as he slides his long fingers down the damp skin of his stomach and under the towel.
Greg got the baby back into his own seat and went to wet a flannel; "Are Baxter and Peanut full too?"
"No'd me?"
" 'eeeeeggggg." Greg found Jawn sitting on the floor of the nursery, his tomato red little face covered in snot and tears. He held up his uninjured arm in a plea to be picked up. The other he held close to his chest.
"I'm not watching anything about zombies. I need my brain cells in tact, thank you very much."
"Sherlock..." Greg didn't want him hurting his ribs with all his twisting. "Do I need to spank your bum?"
“M’not hungry,” Jawn replied sullenly, not making any move to get up from Mycrofts’ lap.
“There was soooo much ruckus in this flat-!“
"Nooo. I had one." Sherlock showed him one finger; "...two," Sherlock popped up another finger.
"The baby."
"Can he bend it?"
Mycroft moved Sherlock in front of him and kissed his cheek. "Here, watch me do the first, then you can do the rest. We're going to take one scoop of batter, then carefully pour it into the cups." After a quick demonstration, Mycroft handed his little brother the scoop; "Now, you try."
John guides Sherlock off of his lap and can’t help but smirk at the pout still on the boy’s face. Even with a warm bottom he still looks ready to strop. John holds out a hand that Sherlock takes immediately, wrapping his long fingers around John’s as if he’ll never let go.
"G'eg'ry go bed ear'yee an' we c'n wa'sh a mo'bie!"
“When you’re grown-ups you can watch all the gore you please, but while you’re little boys…”
Sherlock made a face at his plate. “I don’ wan’ it.”
Jawn popped up beside him and place one of the small, plastic, child-friendly plates on the table in front of Mycroft. "He y'ikes holdin' i'd, tho'," he said.
Everyone was quiet for a moment, and then Molly spoke up. "Yeah, um...yeah, if there's anything else you need like that, or if you just want him looked at again, I can help you out with whatever you need."
"No thank you, sweetheart," Mycroft called back, then finished whispering to Greg; "I would hate for him to fall asleep before eating one."
"But I'm not."
"It looks like we only have four different chocolate cereals. Will that be ok?"
Sherlock glares at the ceiling for a minute before fingers gently tapping his chest encourage him. “I don’t have to sleep, but I have to lie quietly and rest.”
"Such a tough little bean," Greg said as he brushed Sherlock's hair out of his face. "Have a few bites of cereal and then you can have medicine."
"You're a tit."
Sherlock, whose eyelids were beginning to look heavy, frowned at Mycroft. "P'airy i'sh mean."
"No, fank'oo. I ha'd trou'sirs."
"I had planned on peanut butter," Mycroft said, ignoring Greg.
"Fair 'nough. Why'd he go swimming, anyway? Don't bunnies hate water?"
Sherlock’s face began to scrunch up. “But I…I didn’t do anythin’ wrong! He knows I don’t mean it!”
Sherlock scowled murderously at Mycroft. He squeezed Jawn’s hand before letting go and stomping out onto the landing to sit on the step.
Greg hummed noncommittally and patted his back. Unfortunately, it wasn't Jawn's decision.
"Thank you, sweetheart." Mycroft kissed the baby's cheek. "Brother mine, can you tell me on a scale of one to ten where your pain level is?"
Sherlock audibly gulped, tears suddenly running down his cheeks unbidden. Daddy rarely smacked him bare.
And it worked...for a little while. But as gentle as Greg tried to be, Sherlock was soon bent double in an effort to get away from his touch. "N'moooore, G'eg! S'op, p'ease?!!"
"I can'nah s'eep w'if it."
Mycroft had done both in past years, but his back just wasn't what it used to be.
"Christ," Mycroft grumbled, looking far more panicked than a nappy change should have him. "Ok, put him down."
Mycroft was naturally dubious. “Nana fed you worms?”
"I'm here. You can go now."
"We're gonna make that all better really soon."
Sherlock clapped and scurried out of the play room and down the hall; "My'cobb ha'ds mud s'dill?"
"Y'ah. He ta'ge them to Uni. They his fa'brite." Sherlock was headed into the pantry; "We can ha'b p'bu'dder fros'ing?"
John's face is unreadable and not for the first time Sherlock curses himself; Daddy...no, not Daddy; John, is not someone that he can deduce anymore. "I can't sleep and I don't want to lie down and stare at the walls. I'd like to have a grownup conversation" He winces as he hears the whinge in his own voice, knowing he isn't really helping his case.
Sherlock gave a little shrug, complaining behind his dummy.
“I didn’t do what I was told, and I knocked the stool down the stairs and could have hurt Mrs. Hudson.”
Sherlock snuffled and dropped his cup, then cracked an eye open at his brother.
I will, just as soon as we get your bum dry.”
"Order as much as you'd like. I have a feeling he's hungrier than he realizes."
"Nooooo boos'er!"
"Brilliant." Mycroft tucked into his chicken, cutting it into bite sizes and eating it with a fork.
"Half'a one." Greg held the cap steady and half filled it.
“Do you feel the need to have a cry?”
Sherlock patted Jawn’s shoulder before crawling under the table to retrieve the bottle of pills.
"More treasure to stash under the bed."
"Yellow bubbles still sound odd." They made their way to the main bathroom with little mess...most of the glitter was practically pasted to Sherlock's legs and feet with sweat. "Pick what toys you want, muffin," Greg said as he started the taps and waited for the water to warm up.
"So'wwy. Din'nah mean to."
Greg narrowed his eyes...had he just heard what he thought he'd heard? "Billy-boy?"
"Yes, really. Now shhh..." Greg brought up the covers around him and Sherlock both and cuddled him close. "Now, go back to sleep."
"Noooo, not with raw eggs on them, muffin!"
“I really don’t want too…” But a glance at Daddy’s face stalled Sherlock’s argument. “Safe…you said being safe.”
"We nee' a p'yace for the wa'der faeries." Sherlock got up on his knees and waved his crust at Greg. "Maybe a o'sin!"
“What were you doing under there, hmm? Were you hiding?” Sherlock ran a soothing hand up Jawn’s back, his eyes misting over as Greg and Mycroft burst out the back door; they must have been watching the camera feed when Jawn had been found.
“Let’s get you dressed so we can join Jawn for lunch.” Mycroft tried to pull up Sherlock’s nappy and trousers; "...Sherlock, move your hands.”
“I said no.”
Sherlock stuck his thumb in his mouth and stared at the knives, then looked back up at Mycroft and nodded.
"You'll bathe him."
"Did you? I am sorry. Are you better now?” Mycroft struggled to get the squirmy little detective back in his own seat, so he could give Jawn his full attention.
Greg opened his eyes a crack. He was still in the nursery. Jawn was sacked out in his lap, and both of his legs where asleep.
"You already don't. And you don't have to. But I'm going home just the same; clothes or no clothes, phone or no phone."
“What about it is hard?”
"A'licious," Sherlock tried to pop a piece of cereal into his mouth, missing his mouth entirely and losing it on the floor; "Oo'bs."
“I’ve heard all about her wooden spoon collection.”
Jawn said nothing…he only hooked his arm back through Mycroft’s and pressed himself close to his side, while looking sheepish.
"But he was on the cover."
"I'd's a purse." Sherlock hefted the thing onto his shoulder and wiggled in place as Greg shoved his feet into his own trainers.
Greg bit his lip to keep from laughing, but couldn't stop a few giggles from escaping through his nose. "Tell that fish that biting isn't allowed."
"Even scary."
"Ewwwwwwwwww!"
"I can see that. Do you have medicine he doesn’t hate?”
"Love, it'll be alright," Greg said, keeping his distance as Mycroft slammed all the cabinets and draws closed, shoving their fallen contents to the back of the counter.
“My’coff…” Sherlock tugged on his sleeve; “P'ease, My’coff, no ‘pank Jawn?”
Greg laid him down and Sherlock immediately rolled onto his belly, rubbing the uninjured half of his face on his pillow.
"Here you are, very good," Mycroft praised, and handed him his bottle. "One more."
"Close your eyes," Greg whispered, giving him a squeeze, and showed him by example.
"I honestly haven't seen them since the day you bought them," Greg said, using his thumbs to rub the sugary peanut butter residue off of Sherlock's hands.
Sherlock pouted but lowered himself into the water, and his eyes widened; "My bum does fee'yl hot!"
"S'oopy!"
Molly placed her hands around Sherlock's hips, just above the waist of his nappy, and used her fingers to feel around his kidneys. "Does that hurt, Sherlock?"
Greg smirked at the curse word, just like Mycroft knew he would. "Fuckin' aye."
Sherlock shoved the rest of his chewed-on biscuit into his mouth and helped Greg with the other sleeve.
"I know, that's why I like it," Greg said. "I miss that man."
And finally,
Sherlock looked startled; “Are you really going to pretend that you haven’t known about--” Sherlock gestured at the puff of his nappy, still visible under his robe; “...this!”
"It will be lovely once it's finished."
Sherlock finally tore his gaze away from Jawn and looked up at Mycroft. “…Where are you going?”
“That sounds like a truly awful idea.” Mycroft covered Sherlock in his blanket, taking a moment to smooth it over him carefully.
The two men looked at each other.
"I want to be next to the baby."
"Chew carefully, Myc." Greg quipped.
Mycroft gently batted a soapy thumb away from the baby’s mouth. “That was very impressive.”
Jawn put his fingers in his mouth; “Um, ca’ge?”
Sherlock raised his eyes and gave him a look.
Sherlock frowned, but settled back down without another word. He laid his cheek on top of his brother's chest and stifled another yawn...he was very, very long night, and he was very, very tired. At least his head didn't hurt anymore. "Nigh'-ni', Jawn," he whispered, his thumb finding it's way to his mouth as he closed his eyes.
"One...you have to wait until ALL the cupcakes are frosted before eating any of them." Mycroft paused and waited for Sherlock to finish groaning. "And two...I don't want to see this knife anywhere near your mouth, understand?"
Mycroft gave him a beatific smile; “You’re growing up!”
Sherlock remained quiet, and continued to watch his brother as he moved through the flat quietly, collecting his gloves, his umbrella, and all his miscellaneous posh bits.
“Why, Sh'lock? Why?” Jawn slurred behind his dummy, pressing his face next to Sherlock’s.
"That was before we decided to put cream on your shoulders," Mycroft said, selecting a thin, powder-blue t-shirt that felt soft to the touch, with the word 'B-A-B-Y' spelled out with building blocks.
"Didn't we decide that's gonna be a horrendous mess?"
Jawn clutched his sleeve tighter and mumbled a quick “P’easeandthankyou,” before Mycroft took pity on him and shooed him over to the table with Sherlock so he could make his order and pay. He ordered himself a small cup of the Rose ice cream, and asked the woman to include “any and all extra napkins you can spare.”
His phone with the new heat sensor was last. He held it in his hand and rubbed his thumb over the smooth plastic of it, watching his reflection warp and distort in the glass lens. "...I'll let you know how this goes," he said, holding it above his shoulder to show them before putting it in his pocket with all the rest of his things. "Thank you."
Mycroft took a deep breath and reminded himself that this was Jawn; he was naturally protective of Sherlock. “A red bottom doesn’t stay red forever, lad. Look at Sherlock…does he still look bothered? Does it seem like I overstepped?”
"I know, but I don't want your tummy to hurt later, and you don't want that, either." Mycroft kept patting until, just as Sherlock was working himself up, the tiny detective stopped still as his tummy gurgled and burbled all the way up his throat and, as Mycroft watched, a small burp puffed his cheeks out.
"No f'ank'oo. Applesauce is goo'."
"When I'm bi'? Wha'd is i'd??"
Jawns' face fell. "Bu'd I wan' some!"
"You tit." Greg wedged himself against Mycroft's side. "...D'y'ah think he's comfortable, laying this way?"
As he headed back outside, he wondered just how he was going to create 'lavender'; purple he could do, but lavender?
Mycroft smirked, and made his way back to the door. “Don’t stay up too late…it makes you terribly grumpy in the morning,” he said and with that, he closed the door behind him.
Mycroft coated him down in a cloud of powder. “Mean what?”
“I don’t think so.”
"You remember what happens when the sun actually gets to the parts where it 'usually doesn't shine'?" Mycroft continued, ignoring the giggling that his lover was attempting to (and failing at) stifling. "I burn, Gregory. To a disgusting, blistering, peeling crisp."
"Sherlock, no..."
"He knows better, Gregory."
"Oh, God."
Mycroft put the fork down with a sigh; "I'll clean the baby if you clean the table. Then you can go have a bath and when your done, cupcakes should be ready."
are throwing now is frightening him.” Mycroft gestured at Sherlock, who was still huddled behind him.
"Sing it again, Molly," Greg said, taking Sherlock's fingers out of his mouth while he was distracted. "He liked it!"
“That’s a brilliant idea!” Jawn crowed.
"They have those?"
“You were pouting.” Mycroft didn’t have to ‘guess’; it was obvious. “You were pouting because it was Jawn’s turn to pick out a book, even though you were the one who picked out his favorite first. Selfless acts aren’t selfless when done with the expectation of reward, Sherlock.”
"I'm b'ery e'ggslen'!"
, Gregory. We're going to have bigger problems on our hands than this mess if it gets in his eyes."
"Thank God. Why are we not sleeping?"
Jawn stared at Mycroft’s outstretched hand for a moment before puffing his chest and turning to take the stairs two at a time.
Sherlock's eyes were wet, but he hadn't started to cry...yet. He leaned against Mycroft's chest and started to suck his thumb.
"You have a loose definition of 'behaving'." Mycroft turned to Greg and mouthed the words, 'Take that from him'.
"Supp'yies!"
"Bow' i'sh impor'dant."
"We's havin pizza a' b'edsticks f'ur dinner, Jawn." Sherlock nudged Jawn's foot with his own.
"You did?" Greg sat Sherlock on the table and bent down for a clean nappy. "Was it a good dream?"
"Bea'sh," Sherlock nodded, carefully sprinkling his handful of sand on top of the dirt in his pot. "G'yitter and y'ibbons for wa'der!"
Greg forced himself to smile at the baby, then turned towards the open window again; “HEY MYC. WE’RE GUNNA NEED YOU OUT HERE," he hollered.
"Yay! A'mon, G'eg'ry!" Sherlock clapped and went back to kneeling by the bed, fiddling with his bugs.
“You just…that…you took four words, and turned them into one, do you realize that?”
It looked for a moment like Sherlock was going to balk at the manipulation. He was little. Not an idiot.
“Jawn,” Mycroft said quietly, eyes on his little brother.
Mycroft blinked at him for a moment before shrugging...it was likely to end in tears regardless, so why not. “Alright. Have at it.”
"Don't what?"
Sherlock chewed on his bottom lip and looked the rest of the flowers over...Mycroft had made good choices, but what if he didn't? What if he picked a flower that didn't want to be another color? Or skipped one that did?
"In'a pan'dry?"
"A'cause you an' G'eg take y'ong time. Wha'd you y'ookin' for?"
"Greg's middle name is mud."
"Yes, I know." Mycroft filled a seahorse-decorated cup with milk; "I'm sorry."
"...How do you catch a venereal disease on your feet?"
Molly blushed and ducked her head. Being able to play was a rarity. Playing with a captive audience was a luxury she'd never truly experienced outside of Baker Street. "F'ank you."
"You can'nah take'd i'd home! You ha'ffa p'yay here wi'f meeeeee!" Sherlock wailed and flopped over, burying his face in the carpet.
The little detective reached up and twisted one of his curls around his finger, then tugged on it. “Really sorry…I don’t mind when Jawn cries,” he admitted, his brow furrowing in the middle.
“Mmhmmm.”
"Y'ah."
"I think those are dirty, muffin. You want another pair?" Greg asked, looking over his shoulder.
But Greg hadn't known about the other punches.
"Well, that's obvious," Mycroft muttered with a quirked eyebrow as he went about picking the last of the curds of of his share of the poutine.
"A'w dun'!"
"You weren't hiding. You were recovering. And you still have a helluva lot of that to do."
Greg put his arms into the straps and looked at his reflection in the mirror. "I look like a lumpy cupcake."
"Lovely." John mumbles as he begins to work himself in and out, all the while nipping along the inside of Sherlock’s thighs.
Greg glanced down at Sherlock, who'd settled himself on Greg's shoulder. "Where'd you hide your candles, huh?" he teased.
"That sounds awesome! Peanut also likes to draw and bake treats."
"Jawn knows he's not allowed to stand on furniture."
Jawn wiggled in his seat, ecstatic. “I do’id!” He picked up a cup in each and poured them both onto the center of the slice of cheesecake. “Bes’ Sh’eeseca’ge e'ber.”
"Bring a nappy back with you!" Greg hollered after Mycroft's retreating back.
"I do'nah 'member any mon'sers," Jawn said, scampering past Mycroft and nearly knocking Sherlock over in his hurry to get to the kitchen.
"I hope he remembers to send us a car. Otherwise we're walking."
Mycroft smirked. While it was true no one would know what they were looking at, Jawn’s ‘g'een’ trousers did little disguise his nappy. "No dummies outside the flat.”
"Tea it is." Greg flipped on the kettle.
"You can have as much cereal as your greedy little heart desires." Greg zipped up Sherlock's jams and gave the front of his nappy a pat.
“Oh, no…certainly not. Not in these clothes.”
"I pretend to be excited for your football, you can be excited for my films."
"Prolly still couldn't get too feisty. He's a light sleeper."
"Here..." Greg gently laid Sherlock's hand on his chest, then slipped his arm under the baby's knees in a half-bridal carry and lifted his bottom.
Sherlock frowned at him. "Water is col'. I dun y'ike col' waters."
"Big bi'thcit?"
"...I can recover without pissing myself and watching cartoons," Sherlock said, and started up the stairs without looking back.
John licks a path through the cum on Sherlock's belly before pulling his fingers free. His boy groans in devastation at the loss and John has to bite his lip to keep from chuckling.
Greg smiled as he rubbed his fingertips along Sherlock's back in slow, lazy circles as the baby babbled at the movie--
"Go on, Sherlock--" he began, but stopped when he noticed the odd look on Sherlock's face. "Sherlock."
The continuous patting was starting to get on the baby's nerves when all he wanted was to lie back and listen to the story about Billy and Baxter, and he started to fuss. "Don' y'ike i'd, Myyyy," he whinged.
"Oh, no, that's alright! I can get there-!"
Maybe some of it was helplessness.
Mycroft chuckled to himself and put a small bit of frosting into Sherlock's mouth. "How is it?"
"Thas disgus'ing." Sherlock stuck out his tongue.
"You're silly," Mycroft told him, and lifted his little brother out of his chair before sitting down in it himself, and then pulling Sherlock into his lap.
"...Will ice cream convince you?” Mycroft stripped Jawn of his sodden nappy efficiently, causing the little doctor to squeak.
“Remind me to have you brush your teeth before we go back to bed.”
"Cocoa," Mycroft said, hooking the bowl to the stand. "Flour, sugar..."
"I know, pet. I'm sorry." Mycroft stroked his undamaged cheek. "I don't suppose you would sit still for the electric shaver," he said, feeling at least a week's worth of stubble.
"It is true. Come along, little loves;let's go find our trunk of dress up clothes."
"That's the one that's gunna be a monster to deal with tonight." Greg inclined his head toward the car before he carefully got Jawn walking to the door.
Mycroft finally picked his own mug up and stared down into it as well. He tilted it, watching the dregs that had settled into the bottom slide. "You remember that, but you don't remember eating two days worth of calories in sweets."
"I don't know how either of you find anything in this mess."
Sherlock picked up a gummy worm, put it in his mouth, and loudly slurped it down and chewed while looking Mycroft directly in the eye.
"I know, sweetheart. All done now, though."
Mycroft was up and out of his seat and hovering over them in an instant. "That was an accident," he said quickly, and Greg felt him lift the baby off of his lap. "No, don't--don't rub your eyes, pet!"
"I don't want...whatever that thing you said is." He sighed dramatically.
“Tha’s different! At least I didn’t
Mycroft sighed and glanced down at Jawn, who was cuddling up next to him and looking up at him expectantly, but still patient. “Now then...where’s this so-called ‘prize bucket’ your Sher’yock was bragging about weeks ago?”
Mycroft nodded. "Whatever he wants. It's a special treat."
"We, um, we s'ill are frien's, ri'de?"
The doorbell rang just as Mycroft was coming downstairs, dressed in a pair of trousers and an emerald green jumper.
“It’s the Bermuda Triangle of dummies in here,” Mycroft said, pulling out the styrofoam takeaway container.
"Almost done. And then we have a comfy onesie to wear."
“More buttons, hmm? Still…very cute,” Mycroft said with an approving nod. He sprinkled Sherlock with a liberal amount of powder and taped him up, then helped him sit up to get him dressed. “Are you going to let me pull this over your head without a fuss?” he asked playfully, “…or are you going to scream bloody-murder again?”
"Then we're putting a little cream on you."
Mycroft gave Sherlock another slice of pizza, eyeing another piece for himself before closing the box.
Greg noticed. "C'mere, baby," he said, sitting on the end of the bed and pulling Sherlock into his lap. "Let's see what else Molly comes up with."
Sherlock cooed in delight, his eyes going half lidded.
"Yeah, Mycroft," Greg grinned. "She's his alligator, do keep up."
"No," Sherlock mumbled. "I do'id."
"Billy said to Baxter, 'We need to keep you close little duck. I'm going to connect us with this bit of string.' And Baxter said?"
"Did I do it wrong Daddy?" Sherlock's small voice brought him back to himself.
"Yea. So the plaster covers your stitches and doesn't pull your eyebrow hairs." Greg used the scissors and snipped both of the sticky bits into two.
Not to mention the little doctor’s bum was more muscled than his little partner in crimes’.
Greg tore off another piece of bread and offered it to the baby, which Sherlock gladly took. "Well, at least you like that, yeah?" Greg stroked his cheek with a finger. "Hey, there's an idea...." he mused, then dipped the corner of the sandwich into his soup and held that up to the baby's mouth.
"Beth the sloth. And who is this?"
Sherlock wiggled happily. "Noooooo," he said, and then started to pay attention to the movie again. "I y'ike san'," he said along with little Dory. "San' is sk'eeshy."
Sherlock nodded slowly and watched Mycroft get up and head for the toy bin.
"A cu'b fa' my co'ppee."
Sherlock is gasping for air by the time John asks again; somehow he manages to spit out the dirtiest filth he could think of. “Take my cock, Daddy. Take it all the way. Fill you up, big and hard…” Part of his sentence is missing, but it’s the best that he can do. His cock is painfully hard again as he tries to imagine fucking his Daddy as he had done before.
Greg grunted as he climbed in and pulled at his seatbelt. "Ah, well..."
Mycroft began to clear the table of all their plates and dishes. "That sounds like someone else I know."
“Do you know what happens to little boys who bite, Jawn?” Mycroft asked, while undoing the snaps that ran along the crotch and inseam of Jawn’s onesie.”They get their very naughty little mouths soaped. What a wonderful thing to look forward to!” Mycroft snarked, pulling Jawn’s onesie up his back and using it as leverage.
John slides a hand up his back and fists the collar of his jacket and shirt, tugging firmly, lightly choking. His grip presses the tops of his fingers into the base of Sherlock’s neck. Sherlock tries to concentrate on the touch of John’s skin. Despite being fingered open, this is the most intimate touch they’ve shared since Sherlock’s been back. This isn’t how he wanted their first time back together to be, but if this is how John wants him, then this is how John will have him.
"Faerie houses?"
Greg covered Sherlock's ears. "John happened," he said in a low tone.
"Yeah, he got a bit of sun out there."
“We runned out. We need toys, My'coff!”
It was quiet in the flat for a few moments before a loud crash and a terrified wail had Sherlock racing down the steps two at a time.
"Apologies Molly. I didn't feel it was a good idea to send stolen medical records to an insecure phone." Mycroft produced a paper copy of the medical file he'd seen last night.
“If I’m going to leave the room, I’ll let you know and you’ll come with me, alright?” Mycroft ran his hand through Sherlock’s riot of curls.
"You're more than welcome to take him back downstairs," Mycroft said, turning off the movie that no one was watching any longer. "But no cupcakes."
Jawn stood glaring at Mycroft, chest heaving. Mycroft moved swiftly, stepping in and smacking
"Beautiful."
Sherlock wriggled into his trousers and then fiddled with his fly. “My, halp!”
"I'm not takin' my jeans off."
“You’re wearing half a tube of sun creme. The sun is fine.” Greg leaned further back in his chair, browning like a nut.
"Come on, little ones. It's time for a quiet activity."
"That just means it gets everywhere even when ya' don't want it too."
"Sherlock is a very smart boy. He is very capable of picking four lovely flowers." Mycroft knew without looking that the praise caused Sherlock to blush and dip his head.
"G'eg a c'ot?"
"Y'ah."
"Sherlock would do better in the big bed."
Mycroft deftly swapped the newly cleaned dummy for the one in his mouth. "Jawn, you can quit spying and come in lad. Let me give your dummy a rinse and then it’s all yours.”
"Poor thing. We need to get your medicine before we head downstairs."
"It's because I can follow directions," Mycroft said, dropping on the sofa...Greg hadn't even noticed that he'd returned already. "Pick something more nutritionally sound for breakfast."
"How's the popsicle, little man?" Greg asked, grinning down at Sherlock.
"There are very few things I love enough to shove them down the front of my pants," Greg said, smirking to himself.
Mycroft put a nappy under him and settled his bum on top of it. The rest happened with the same clinical ease Mycroft seemed to give all tasks, and he frowned at that...Mycroft could have been doing some filing as far as anyone could tell.
“Yes, we understand,” Jawn said.
“I know where it is," Sherlock grumbled.
“That’s going to be between me and Sherlock, Jawn.”
"Course not, whatt'my thinkin'?"
"Rashes are no joking matter."
“We can make it six blocks; we’ll be fine.” Mycroft said, feigning confidence he didn’t have.
Jawn, feeling that since he was the older of two, opened his arms and mumbled “Sorry,” while looking down at the floor.
A chorus of 'awwww's' made it hard for Greg to keep a straight face. Adorable little shits. "Get down now, muffin."
Sherlock hiccuped again.
Greg shushed him and rubbed his back. "We're all fine. Just relax."
"Shhhh," Mycroft shushed him. "We're only giving you a new bandage, darling...nothing to fuss over."
“I know I did, and I’m sorry.” Mycroft quickly scooped the tiny doctor up. “I’m very tired. Are you very tired?”
"G'eg pi'g so he no'd mad e'nymo'."
Sherlock perked up as Mycroft turned off the mixer and stuck his little finger in for a taste. "Hmmm...you tell me," he said.
," he thought, and looked up as he sighed.
"Sure they do."
"Shh-sh-sh..." Greg shushed the tyke gently while rocking him. "Poor baby, you didn't get a full nap in."
"Y'ike me?"
Greg plonked a couple of pieces of bread in the toaster. "You want to put ribbons on the houses, too?"
"Or cheese and crackers!"
He felt Mycrofts' hand on his shoulder, and he quickly pulled away before his phone could be taken again, or worse...
Mycroft appreciated the effort but walked double time down the sidewalk. The less time they were out, the better.
"I'll hurry up, then."
“And an ice cream cone?” Jawn peeped as Mycroft helped him off the steps and into his jacket.
"Oh yea!" Sherlock took off back down the hallway towards them, rings clacking against the hardwood.
"That would have been too much for you to hold, darling."
"No, no, no, don't reach with that hand, love." Greg stood at the bars and wiped at Jawn's face, shushing him.
Jawn gave him a suspicious look before opening his mouth.
careful with his muffin."
"Okay, that was a fib. I'm a little mad. But not at you or anything you've done."
"That wasn't very nice. Very funny, but not very nice."
“And him?”
"I like the seals. And the octopus. What was his name?"
“Well, you’ve sat quietly on a very sore bum for about ten minutes. I was only going to have you sit on the naughty stool for five, so I think we’ll call it even, yea?”
This was originally just an honest little RP on tumblr that grew into our first big collaboration, nearly TWO YEARS in the making!
“Please.” Mycroft prompted, draining the pasta in the sink.
Mycroft looked back at Greg; "See what you've done."
Greg waited until he was out of earshot. "He's going to need medicine soon," he spoke lowly as he put the jar of peanut butter on the counter next to Mycroft. "He was hurting upstairs."
"I dun' y'ike id."
“He doesn’t need nagging to get him to eat chips. He’ll eat his and mines and yours, if we let him," Jawn said, tugging ineffectually at his jumper to cover his nappy.
"Hur'ds."
"You need a nappy change before she arrives."
"Somebody has to be, darling. Go clean him up."
“Whad’dya want?”
"C'n I ha'b mil'g?"
“You’re very welcome…are you still going to join us for a movie and a cuddle?” Mycroft shook the dummy dry and handed it to him.
It was many hours later--before the sky was even awake, really--when Sherlock began to stir.
"No. B'wown G'eeeeg."
"Agreed. Mycroft is worse than the two of us combined."
Mycroft was busying himself with buttering slices of bread. "This is why you put him in his booster, my dear."
“Do we?” John dipped his hand between Sherlock’s legs and the boy stiffened again. “Why is that?”
Mycroft learns the hard way that both little boys respond better to “Please” than they do to commands. Admittedly it works better on Jawn, who goes to select another book while Sherlock wiggles on the floor trying to bite Mycroft's ankles.
millionth time. She'd taken Sherlock’s littleness in the same stride she took everything else about Sherlock, with warmth and understanding.
"Sure. That's why I was behind you both."
"How do you know your eyes are blue, huh?"
“Hopefully not. I know you can walk faster than that.”
But...
"Too many gadgets and gizmos?"
“I should have washed Jawn’s hands before I sat him at the table.”
they were to be going with us."
“Yes, because of the…worm,” Mycroft said tightly. “Sherlock, you asked for it, please eat it.”
Sherlock snorted while Jawn’s face blushed from the top of his head down to the neckline of his jumper, and likely farther than that. “I’m NOT…! You wouldn’t…!” he sputtered.
Sherlock reached up and patted Greg's cheek: "I'sh ok."
"Can you put it by his ear?" The wailing got louder for Greg as Sherlock wedged the phone against Jawn's ear. "Jawn, my little monkey, are you ok?"
“Colouring, like you both asked me to,” Mycroft grunted as he turned his head to avoid getting a mouthful of curly hair.
"It's up to you."
Holding onto the railing tightly, Sherlock made his way down the steps. Once on the ground floor he raced to the playroom where he could hear Greg cursing.
"Even this?"
“My baby," Jawn huffed, stepping into the pajamas.
"Two down from there?"
Luckily, he didn't have to go far before catching up...they'd only made it halfway up the stairs, with Sherlock taking each step one at a time and his brother right behind him, holding a hand on his backside in case he toppled.
"C'n we ha'b some?"
“Is not!”
Jawn nodded slowly; he could be a big boy. He pulled a pair of purple socks out of the cupboard and then dropped to his belly to dig under the bed for his shoes.
"I pi'g?"
Sherlock continued to pout up at the ceiling and, by the shift in his breathing, Mycroft knew that a fit was beginning to brew. "Come here," he sighed, urging Sherlock to sit back up, and pulled him over into his lap sideways. "Where's the damned bottle?"
Greg was still slightly cautious."Uh...ye-eeesss, dear?"
"My'cob?" Sherlock snuffled.
Sherlock peeked around Mycroft’s arm, eyes wet, lower lip wobbly.
Mycroft shushed him gently. "Whatever happened, it was an accident. And you knew enough to call for help. That's the important part." Sherlock started to cry.
"Yes, sweet boy. That is my name."
," Mycroft called back down. "No one's crossed it."
“We can have meals together. I promise, after a bit, you’ll really enjoy it.” Sherlock, who had gone still against his chest, hummed his assent. It did sound alright.
"Ar'sh."
“But pota’does is my fav‘rite, all kin’na ways! Y’ike mashed, an’–!”
“Ha-ha,” Sherlock sang as he pushed his duck underwater, and began to ready it.
"Y'ah."
"Nappy c'eam helps be'time?"
"I knoooow. You're more sparkly than our faerie houses."
"Yours..." He chokes out; his fingers twisting into John's trousers until his knuckles are white. "Yours Daddy...'
Despite being fed up by John, Sherlock was still alarmingly light.
"Oops. That looks like it hurts," Molly worked hard to school her expression, turning her face away for a moment while she looked for a pair of gloves.
“You thought real worms!” Jawn crowed, pulling faces.
"A hermit."
"No. I gotsta fin' the f'wogs for Jawn."
"You don't have to be sleepy," Mycroft said. He felt that he was getting rather good at deciphering all of the boys' baby-babble. "But what about Sherlock? He hates sleeping by himself."
“This is better than anything you’ll find in a can,” Mycroft replied, taking another bite of his own.
"Uhhuh..."
"That sleeper may be a lost cause."
"He's got pain meds," Greg held up the grocery sack he'd packed, "lord knows when he last took them."
John sat in the chair and turned to look at Sherlock, frozen in the doorway. Sherlock saw his expression soften for the briefest of moments before his forceful Daddy face took back over.
Sherlock made a face into his shoulder but kept his snark to himself, which John counted as a victory.
"Ha'bin sh'icken p'ingers!!!"
Mycroft shut the drawer with a huff and stood up with his hands on his hips, looking around the kitchen as if the pack of candles would magically appear. "This, is ridiculous. I know I bought them."
"Never mind Gregory; he was dropped on his head as a child." Mycroft examined Sherlock's pink shoulders. "And several times as an adult, as well."
"Precisely. We've eaten very richly the past few days. My own fault as well."
“Alright then,” Mycroft said, patting his thigh. “Jawn’s turn.”
A Cheshire cat-esque smile split Jawn’s face. “My’coff gonna be sick? Don’t like worms? Squiggly, wiggly worms?”
Greg cocked an eyebrow at him, but decided to leave it for now. Made sense the little nipper would need to wrestle back some control after the week he'd had.
"We'll see about making cookies later tonight, how does that sound?" Mycroft began putting all the toasted sandwiches into a heaping pile on the plate that Greg handed him.
"Jawn's my Jawn!!!" Sherlock squawked, trying to climb back out of the car.
This time Mycroft couldn’t suppress his smile. “Let’s hear your deductions, then.”
"Sweetheart, you're okay," Greg began to croon before he was even through the door.
“Another prize, too?” Jawn scrubbed at him bum, trying to rub out the sting. Sherlock looked up hopefully, showing off the freshly rinsed bath toys.
"We're going to change your wet pants as well." Mycroft moved quickly, stripping off the sodden puff. "At least we know we've been keeping him well hydrated."
He carefully placed the large paper bag on the table and quietly tread his way over to the couch, where he took the blanket Sherlock had used to cover Jawn (which had been kicked aside during his absence), and spread it over the both of them. "You're both going to be grumpy and sore in the morning," he whispered, and stood back up. He was going to put the food away for now, and then go judge how clean the sheets on his little brothers' bed were before turning in for the night.
"Okay, shhhhh," Greg shushed him, and used his shirtsleeve to carefully wipe the tears off Sherlock's cheeks. "You know what, I'll show you...I'll show you that your fish are just fine, I promise." He put two more spring rolls on the baby's tray, and handed him a fork. "You just sit tight, I'll be right back," he said, and bounded out of the room.
"Nu-uh," Sherlock said, and reached for the eggs. "I s'day up aaaaaaall nigh' an' he'p!"
“So do I. That’s Sherlock’s favorite way, too.”
"My sol'diers?" Sherlock craned his neck to look at his shoulders; "Why nee' do some'fin?"
Molly squeaked in delight, wrapping her arms around his neck; "We's gunna p'yay dressed u'b!"
“Stop being mean!”
“Sherlock, Jawn can choose whatever prize he’d like.”
"Eggs n'ah in mi'gsing bow'?"
"Turn it out yourself, ya' great lump." Greg snuggled Sherlock close and patted his hip. "Let's find some music."
Jawn repeated himself in his version of a whisper; “
“‘Member that one time Nana maked ice cream with worms!”
"You're in need of rest even more than he was."
“Jawn likes extra vinegar!” Sherlock wiggled in place, his sour mood forgotten.
“Ah-ah, I was asking Jawn. You sit and eat.”
"Not allowed after the last time I cooked toes in our kettle..."
"Han'g."
Sherlock sniffled and tucked his thumb in his mouth.
Sherlock whimpered pitifully, but removed his hands from his bottom and clenched his fists in Mycroft’s waistcoat instead.
“It’s important for you to have your own space, somewhere that is just yours, where you know you are safe. And as you keep slipping younger and younger, it’s important that your space be age appropriate. And little boys sleep in cribs.
"When we're done with our cupcakes and wash our hands, then we can open them darling."
Sherlock fell in step with his brother and stayed hugged up at his side as they climbed the stairs, Greg following close behind.
"I wan' sh'ick'n!" Jawn howled, dropping his pizza crust on the floor and scooping a handful of toppings off the pizza before Greg could stop him.
“Don’t apologize for me and don’t talk about me as if I’m not here.” Sherlock snipped, throwing his coat onto the coffee table. Mycroft smiled at him indulgently.
"Choc’ate.”
He pulled on his t-shirt roughly, instantly regretting it as the jerking motion caused him to double over in pain. "Idiot," he growled at himself. He pulled the shirt the rest of the way on more carefully, mindful of what he had to guess were several broken ribs. He hadn't really been listening when the doctor had been speaking to him; he'd been just as intent on getting home to Baker Street then as he was now.
Sherlock looked up him, his lips still stained with icing. "Daddy... I didn't get you anything for big play time."
"Hindsight is a cruel business. We can only move forward, now. Go to sleep."
"...'panking," Sherlock whispered.
"P-p-pea'nud ish a g-gggoo' g-girl," Sherlock stammered out.
"Bum in your seat."
"Oh, no, I just thought--"
"Wai'd! P'inish G'eg house?" Sherlock pushed away from Mycroft, turning in his lap.
"Careful, muffin," Greg said. "Come on. Your bee wellies are in the mud room."
"Beautiful. Hold it over the bowl, sweetheart," Greg reminded him as he crowded a number of pillows behind Sherlock's back, then gathered all the remotes together and turned the TV on.
"Noooooo."
Jawn sauntered in after them…he was resigned to the fact of Mycroft changing him by now, but that didn’t mean he had to like it one bit. “ ‘unno,” he mumbled, then stopped staring at his feet long enough to notice what Myc was up to. “Wha’ doin’?"
“How often do you blame Sherlock for your naughty behavior, Jawn?”
Mycroft scooped a bite of ice cream onto his spoon and offered it to Sherlock, who ate it quietly before opening his mouth for another bite.
"If I'm handling two attention starved boys tonight, then I'm not cooking." Mycroft whispered aloud to himself as he settled back against his pillow, closed his eyes, and soon joined his Gregory for a snooze.
"Jesus."
"No, it's no problem! It's my favorite shop anyway!"
"I appreciate that, muffin. But the rules are the rules," Greg ran a comforting hand down the baby's back.
Greg was opening and closing drawers and opening boxes. "Can you get the back off the battery casings?"
"I'll take care of it." Mycroft handed the little tub of sauce to Greg, not missing the grateful look on his tired face. "Keep that safe."
"I hel'b you." Sherlock manipulated the telescope so Greg was holding it properly. "See pi'yate?"
be Gregory's turn," he added, passing off the baby to Greg before Vogue'ing down the hallway and cracking both of the little one's up.
“I traded the ‘brella for my dummy,” Jawn pouted, tugging at Mycroft’s elbow, trying to get away.
"Is that all you need?"
Greg sneered and turned towards the small shed at the back of the yard. "I'll show you a greenhouse," he muttered, even though he didn't quite know what that was supposed to mean, himself.
"I know where!" Sherlock skittered back to the pantry, his new slippers slapping the floor.
"Do you have any fun activities planned for this week?" Molly tucked a strand of hair behind her ear and watched Sherlock closely.
“I’m the captain!”
Sherlock scooted to Greg's side and held onto him. "Saw'ree," he said quietly, hiding his face.
“Yes, you do,” he repeated, his voice soft, coaxing. “You do because you’re a good boy, aren’t you…yes, you are.”
“We’re going to have to agree to disagree there. Go lie down and I’ll be in in a few minutes for your tuck in.”
“I thought you didn’t want to watch a pirate film?” Mycroft pulled the heroes cup and a bottle from the cabinet and stepped back over Sherlock to get to the fridge.
"S'opp'id, swee'dhear'd," Sherlock scolded.
Mycroft tossed the gloves in the bin. “Of course I wouldn’t, but it’s a highly amusing thought, isn’t it? You’re almost as high strung as Sherlock.”
“No, Jawn. Real medicine.”
"I y'ub i'd, s'petty."
"They's b’ery dumb, 'cept Humphrey. He's ok." Jawn nodded. Humphrey was Jawn's favorite bee. Even though Sher'yock had been reluctant to share this with him, Jawn had staked a claim on the best of the bees.
He sighed. “For calling Jawn a crybaby…even though he is.”
"No," Sherlock said, his voice thick.
Sherlock collected a massive dollop of frosting with the tip of his knife, and smeared it all over the naked side of the cupcake. "Tha'd o'gay?" he asked, showing Mycroft his wonderfully unbalanced cupcake.
Sherlock automatically lifted his hips off the bed, while still glaring at the ceiling.
"Are you going to finish your elephant?"
Sipping his coffee, Mycroft dialed a number he had saved for ages but had never used, until now--
“Yes, I gathered that.” Mycroft helped lift a sopping wet Jawn out of the tub and set him down on the bathmat. After taking the last dry towel and wrapping it around the naked, shivering little doctor, he turned to his younger brother; “Can you be a good lad and rinse your bath toys? In the sink?” he added quickly.
"So do I," Greg said softly, and handed Sherlock a spoon. "But it's all very easy to say sorry. It's harder to mean it."
"No, not yet...not before dinner. Just a quick rinse."
“G’eeeeeeg, is too haw’d. An' the sun is hur’ding me.”
“I wanted ice cream. I guess neither of us get what we want ‘cause you are naughty,” Jawn stuck his tongue out at Sherlock before turning his attention back to Mycroft.
“Yes. It’s something I’ll need to keep in mind for next time. Last bite.”
“Plates! Jawn wants a plate and I want a plate, and we can have pasta’s on our plate.” Sherlock sing-song'ed as he pulled open a different cupboard and began to riffle through plastic dinnerware.
"I've already told you the ending, though," Mycroft said with a quiet laugh.
Sherlock shuffled his feet and stared down at his sloth socks; "...Bu'd G'eg--"
Sherlock tucked his thumb in his mouth, careful not to bump his nose with his fingers. "Y'ah."
"Jawn! Not that hard!" Mycroft whisper-hissed, and rushed to turn the faucet off.
Sherlock shuffled uncomfortably, the unmistakable crinkle making him blush.
"Maw'yee? Ki'ddies?"
"Then chocolate. Promise."
"Yeah, yeah." Greg switched the dummy for the bottle with a practiced hand. "He'll be fine."
"W'ish ones would Sher'yock y'ike bes'? She put her finger to her lips and considered the mess of jewelry strewn across the floor.
"Cu'bca'ges?!!!"
Greg huffed; "For who," he muttered.
"Good, because we're going to do as many as you like." Mycroft walked back over and handed one of the damp cloths to Greg.
"Oh, so he'll take it from you, is that right?"
"He didn't say you had to nap." Greg opened Sherlock's soggy nappy and did his usual check for blood.
closet? The one in our bedroom?"
"No, don't play 'stupid'," Mycroft scoffed. "You know what I mean."
"Anytime, cutie muffin."
"...Wha'?"
"Gregory."
“Fantastic. What’s your favorite way to eat a potato,” Mycroft asked quietly, and switched from rubbing to patting.
“We don’t have plain mint. We have mint chocolate chip though.” The young woman offered. If she was alarmed by their odd behavior, she kept it to herself.
Greg huffed...well, that was good news, he supposed? He turned away from the window back to the yard, cupped his hands around his mouth, and hollered "JAWN!!!"
Sherlock groaned; “We can feed our selfs, My'coff.” But he obediently took a napkin and tucked it into Jawn’s collar before donning one himself.
"A'w dun'! Choco'yate nex'!"
“Thank you, Jawn," Mycroft said, with a tilt of his head.
"Your brother's fine. Just let me pick some music for us..." Greg made one more attempt to take command of the phone, only to have Sherlock move it out of his reach.
“I tol’ you!”
"No."
"I'd can y'ook c'year." Sherlock held his cupped hands out as Mycroft opened the box of beads and handed him a random assortment of clear, plastic ones. "F'ank'oo."
"I tol' you I nee'yed f'ree cu'bca'ges."
"Right, then," John began; he readjusted Sherlock so he had access to the tea table. He had a pen and some paper waiting for him. "We'll write them down, alright love?"
“Jawn?” Sherlock echoed, lifting his bucket and peering into it. “He’s no’d in here.”
"C'ahn I???"
“OWWWW, MY! You can’t do that! You’re not my Da’.” Jawn whinged, struggling to get out of Mycroft’s vice-like grip.
"Tha'd be very nice!"
"S'eep ina tub? Me too?!" Sherlock bounced in his seat. "S'umber par'y, Jawn!" Jawn gave a jaw-cracking yawn and smiled at Sherlock without opening his eyes.
"Yea. O'gay."
Mycroft quickly covered him back up. “No more competitions tonight.”
"Bu'd I'm no'd hun'ree righ' now."
Jawn was nearly asleep, again. His fist full of cookie poised in front of his mouth, as his head bobbed forward sporadically.
"I know, muffin. Just let him see for himself."
Sherlock's breathe catches in his throat as his whole body goes rigid, sharp finger tips bruising John's shoulders. The fluttering muscle holding John in place is too much and with another few imprecise thrusts he’s follows his boy over the edge. John's world seems to wobble along the edges and as he struggles to catch his breath he can hear Sherlock mumbling into his shoulder, "Thank you Daddy, thank you Daddy, thank you Daddy.”
Greg put the ice bucket and biscuits on the night stand. "I'll run and grab ole bunny-boy, shall I," he said, and made a face at Mycroft over Sherlock's head.
"Gus s'yoff."
Sherlock glared at him through tear-filled, glassy eyes, his chin wobbling...then, the little, battered detective crumbled with a sob.
of milk around here."
“I’m going to need juice and a story if I’m to pretend to nap!” Sherlock tossed over his shoulder.
“Do you want to play in the bath before we run the water out?” John asked as he was drying his hands.
“No, these have to be washed first, or they’re going to taste of metal. You need a safer hiding spot, little boy.” Mycroft started towards the kitchen to do just that.
"G'eg fun'nee." Sherlock yawned and snuggled closer. Greg leaned them back until they were laying down. "Fun'nee y'ike c'yown."
Sherlock made sure Baxter was buckled in while Greg pulled take-out boxes out of the fridge. "We ha'b cu'b'ca'ges firs'?"
Greg bent down and gave his forehead a kiss; "Cute lil' bugger."
"I won'd!!!!" Sherlock called back.
"Uh-huh?"
"Yeah, you do."
"Why must I stay with Mrs. Hudson?"
Sadie: A smart tug on an unruly lock of hair put a stop to that as Mycroft continued to explain why Sherlock would now be sitting on the floor and not his lap with Jawn this time, who brought back another book in The Grey Crayon series: Grey Crayon Goes To The Zoo. He wouldn’t insist on Mycroft making the animal noises, but he informed him that it would only add to the experience.
"I know. I'm sorry."
Mycroft looked down at Sherlock, who still had his fingers locked together over his head. “He doesn’t want it.”
"Dealer’s choice,” Mycroft replied as he bent down to help Sherlock up from the floor, then lifted him up onto his hip to keep him from scrambling off elsewhere again. Once they were both big again, he was going to suggest they buy a crib. Or one of those big, round, gate-like things people stuck their children in…playpens, or some such.
"We could have-"
Sherlock thought about that, and then nodded, slowly. “I’ll have to discuss it with Jawn…and with John. I wouldn’t just be outing myself.”
Mycroft turned back to his little brother, who had just stuffed an impossibly big bite of macaroni and cheese into his mouth, making his cheeks bulge out. "You've liked sleeping in the crib before."
Greg came back just in time to see the heroine find a fleet of ships in a hidden cavern, with both Baxter Bunny and baby Moana dangling from his hand. "I could have sworn you took your Bunny downstairs earlier, but I guess not."
"You're both terrible." Mycroft set his glass of water on the table and went to put on the DVD.
John’s expression hardened slightly, “Oi!” He snapped his fingers and pointed at the floor on his right side, and without thought Sherlock moved into the space. John made short work of tugging his trousers and pants down around his knees and pulling him across his lap. He adjusted the little detective, lifting his right foot up onto the rung of the chair so Sherlock was tipped forward, his plush bottom more fully on display.
There was a low groan from the doorway. “You’re both going to put me off sweets for months…one word out of you, brother mine, and you’ll both be taking extra-long naps today.” Mycroft pushed away from the doorframe he’d been leaning against and came to sit beside his brother, pulling him into his lap. He wrinkled his nose; “Jawn’s right, you do stink…we’ll have to change you in a bit.”
Mycroft smiled. Staying the night might not be a horrible idea.
"Bu'd Jawn..!"
Jawn squirmed around him and made to the stairs. "Sher'yock needs his hat!”
"Faeries like sparkly things?"
John presses a finger against Sherlock's lips. "No stropping. Be a good lad, and obey Daddy." Another kiss and John leaves the boy to pout until his heart’s content.
...Still was, perhaps.
"What's that, love?" Asked Mrs. Hudson, bustling in the kitchen. "How about a sandwich and some soup for lunch? I have tomato bisque." She didn't get to see the brilliant way Sherlock's face contorted in disgust.
"Oh, hush," Mycroft chided, but he was grinning as well. "He's little."
“S’are wi’f me? My’coff ca’ge?”
Mycroft did
"G'een."
"And humble, too."
Mycroft sat down and pulled the teary little man into his lap while giving the plastic dinosaur a good once-over. “A plaster is just what he needs,” he announced as his final verdict. “And he’ll be the snazziest dinosaur among his friends while it heals. ‘Elmo’ is all the rage,” he said, though he didn’t have a clue what an ‘Elmo’ was.
“Don’t say it,” Mycroft interjected.
"I'm just saying light the candles and sing your butt off."
“Quite. He may take to trying to hide here.”
"Sou'b is har' to ea'd," Molly peeped.
Sherlock was now starting to look worried, whether on his own recognition or feeling it off of Greg. "Where Jawn, G'eg?" he asked in a small voice, his brow furrowing.
“I’m b’ery goo’ a'd i'd!”
“You are a terror, you know that don’t you?”
"It's a Disney film; it was inevitable."
Mycroft glared daggers at him before finishing his thought; “-but you didn’t mind the care I provided today.”
Sherlock stuck his thumb in his mouth and shook his head.
"Takeaway for dinner, then?" John asks idly, his eyes still focused on the computer.
The phone played its theme, and the homescreen popped up. Sherlock entered his passcode. "It's the perfect time, George," he said, and looked at his screen. "And a good one, at tha--" Sherlock's mouth snapped shut, and he held his phone closer to his face.
Greg. Felt. Awful. "Oh my God, honey, I'm SO sorry! I'm so, so sorry!"
"I'm working at home until this time next week."
Sherlock nodded again. "An' then the res'?" he asked, blinking up at Mycroft.
"Too s'ow."
"Contrary to popular belief, I'm not actually omnipotent."
Jawn was slightly surprised at himself for forgetting his own friend; that’s just how deeply he’d been engrossed in his storytelling. Now that he was thinking about it, it had been awhile since he’d heard any snide remarks mumbled from behind a dummy, and in this case…silence was not always golden. There were no crashes or odd smells or discoloured smoke, so it couldn’t be
Jawn looked back up at Mycroft.
"Swollen and bruised soft tissue."
"If you'll take your medicine."
Sherlock gave him an affronted look. “A'course! Is choc'ate flavour.”
Sherlock squealed and shook his head again.
"You are being far too disgustingly adorable tonight." Mycroft reached over and pinched Sherlock's cheek, making him squeal.
"We're just making sure your kidneys are working alright. Take your medicine."
Suddenly, Sherlock whipped his head around; “
"You're gunna let him sleep in our bed with noodles in his hair?"
"Gots'a say, 'sorry, My'coff.' "
“I y’ost my car,” Jawn gasped and struggled to untangle himself from the towels. “My’coff! Car! I nee’ it.” A pinch to his bum caught his attention quickly.
“Perhaps, but the one
Mycroft hesitated; "....It's taken a lot of practice," he said, after some thought. "Sherlock is no stranger to all manner of crisis."
Sherlock fussed and whinged for a moment, until he got a taste of milk and began to suckle, slowly relaxing.
“…A head for a cherry?”
...But the moment Mycroft let go of his hand, it drifted back to his face. "Sherlock, can you hold your bee jams for me?" Mycroft set the pajamas on the baby's chest; "You'll need both hands so they don't fall."
Greg could feel his eyes start to sting a little. Damn. When did he become so soppy? Definitely the lack of sleep.
"I wan' han's an' eyeba'ws-"
“A’ ‘hip c’eme!”
"You have nothing to be sorry about, muffin."
"Bees a' s'yoffs," Sherlock pointed his soggy biscuit at the bees on his belly.
"H-hhh-hhur's."
"Yes, but we're not going to wash his face. Just hold a damp clothe to his eyebrow for a bit."
Greg watched him walk away, as a sly, wicked little grin crossed his face...a beat later, he darted after Mycroft and smacked him full on the arse when he dashed past him into the room.
"'Silly bunny,' Billy said. 'Did you go swimming without us?'
"You two are on a fast track to diabetes," Mycroft wagged a finger at them, and then turned back to Molly. "So, will you join us?"
"P'yug."
"Probably," Molly pouted.
"Sorry, sorry muffin." Greg took the wipes and cleaned him up.
"Fo'r," Sherlock held up four fingers as proof.
“Oh. Right.” Truthfully, Mycroft hadn’t seen the movie in 40 years (at least), and had no idea what Jawn was talking about. He turned back to Sherlock; “As I was saying, little boys who–-oh, fuck’sakes,” he muttered.
“Bee’, bee’, bee’,” Sherlock chanted back, reaching up to poke at Jawn’s nose causing the little Doctor to fall over in a giggle fit. They laid on the carpet poking at each other’s faces.
“We trust you," Mycroft said. And meant it.
"You're welcome. That was a good idea," Mycroft said, nodding at the sandwich, and handed Greg a napkin.
“I rea’yee wan’ a prize,” Sherlock pouted, begrudgingly picking up Jawn’s net and all but throwing it into the sink.
movies for the rest of the evening.”
Greg stretched languidly next to Sherlock, patting his tan arm.
Being in no mood to stand there and question him further (and neither was his back), Greg eased Sherlock into the car, where Mycroft took over.
"My dear..." Mycroft gave Molly his hand and guided her out the door as she shimmied.
"Wou'n'd you f'ink my co'yyection's comp'yete?"
“Hm, what was that? He’s petty?” Mycroft asked, petting Sherlock’s hair.
Sherlock’s face crumbled while watching him…he never managed to be brave when facing a smacked bottom. A sob bubbled out of his throat and he wiped at his eyes with the back of his hand. “B-but I, I d-don’t want one!” he cried.
Greg came in carrying a bin of play-doh with a half-full baby bottle precariously balanced on top. "You don't even like coffee when you're big."
"They's alrea'y c'ean. I p'omise."
"Yeah, see...not so bad." Greg smoothed his thumb along Sherlock's cheekbone. "Then we'll watch mermaid, how about that."
Mycroft came in a moment later, hauling the nappy bag they kept downstairs. "Perhaps we should lay him flat."
"I think they have one of them foil wrappers on it so people can't use it all up in the shop," Greg carefully put his flower pot down and took the tube of glitter from Sherlock.
"Kitty slippers. And you make so much fuss about my monkeys."
“Shhh. I’m ‘bout to win.” Sherlock smirked as his duck flew out of the tub. The duck captain splatted against the mirror, bouncing off the counter and onto the floor.
Sherlock made a gagging noise behind his dummy.
"Righ' foo'd!"
Sherlock looked up and met Mycroft’s gaze again, and nodded. “ ‘kay,” he agreed.
Jawn was already on the changing table, stripped completely aside from the temporary splint. "Theeerrreee Shhhr'yock!" he said, and started to reach for him with his bandaged arm until Greg stopped him.
"Is mi'yyle name."
In the cab, John let’s go of his arm and sits as far away from him as possible, his small frame pressed firmly against the door. Sherlock aches to put his head in John’s lap and be stroked, he’s dreamt of it many times during the last two years, but he knows he wouldn’t be welcomed now. Instead he twists his hands in his lap until his knuckles pop in protest. A glare across the chasm of vacant cab seat leaves him cold and he settles for clutching them instead.
Jawn decided to pipe in; “Sherlock’s should fit, you’re not that far off in size!” The last bit earned him an offended squawking noise, while Mycroft rolled his eyes and debated shoving his brother out of his lap like the soggy lump he was...but he had to gain back his upper hand and restore the balance of being the babysitter. “Since I only have one set of hands, but two wet little imps…should I call for assistance, hm? Perhaps Nana, should you both prove to be uncooperative?”
"It wasn't actual kidney failure...just near it. Keeping him hydrated will be a huge step in preventing that."
"Shud'dup." Greg sat up slowly and scooted towards the edge of the couch while trying not to wake Sherlock up.
"I'm home, pet!" John announced, carrying in several paper bags that he had gotten at the market. He pulled his shoes off, and waited for Sherlock to emerge.
“What do you want for lunch, Jawn?” Sherlock asked, sliding down the bed until he was pressed shoulder to shoulder with him.
“Lie back down, please.”
Greg shifted, and absently began to rub Sherlock's back.
"Not everyone does, muffin. C'mon, let's get on with the show!" Greg lifted Sherlock's arm and got him to make a slow, careful twirl.
“Yes, I plan on eating,” he said, turning back to the simmering pots. “But I can take care of my plate.”
"Hmmm, very good," Greg murmered. "What number's next."
Jawn froze mid jump, which caused him to land his squishy bum on the bed. "He throws bigger wobblers than me, though,” he scoffed, trying to get back on his feet.
"I think he had help in that department,” Mycroft said as he stood and started to follow the bum that was scurrying down the hall--the flowers sewn along the backside of the onesie seemed to be waving at him. “Where do you think you’re going, little sir?”
Greg beamed at him; "Then we'll just have to have three pairs."
"That explains why he sounds stuffy."
“How so?” Mycroft asked, again.
Jawn shook his head no, but then yawned big enough to pop his jaw.
Sherlock leaned back against his brother and stuck his thumb in his mouth while he looked Greg up and down. "...Y'ah," he said at last, with a faint smile.
“My’coff do it?” Sherlock touched a sauce covered finger to the fork in Mycroft’s hand, mouth open like an expectant baby bird.
"Of course we are, darling."
Greg snorted as he shoved three more cups of applesauce into the freezer, and Mycroft gave him a look which only made him laugh out loud.
"You wanna stay in just your nappy?"
“There’s nothing to see; colour your fish.”
"Olives and chicken, got it."
"Sherlock."
"Noooooo G'eg. Just sauce, p'ease." Jawn's broken heart showed on his face. His G'eg had tried to trick him.
“You can’t stay in a wet, smelly nappy all day, Jawn,” Mycroft said gently, coaxing him.  “You don’t want a nappy rash, do you? No, I would think not…that would be a terrible, awful experience. Look, Sherlock’s going to stay right here, yes?”
Sherlock nodded.
Sherlock frowned at the restless way that John tapped at his cup.
John’s snores came to a sudden halt. Sherlock narrowed his eyes at the doorway. The ancient floorboards creaked. John was awake.
“Because you lied to me.”
He grabbed the plates and rushed out of the kitchen. Laughing, Sherlock put the phone away.
“I know. I should have. Sorry.”
“Thank you,” he said, and ended the call.
“Well, because it was a bit of a shock you finding out. I needed some time to get used to it. I’m not just doing this to appease you, okay? I wouldn’t if I wasn’t comfortable with it. Please don’t worry about that.”
“Nope. All Holmeses are included in this condition.”
“By our standards, I suppose. He’s being as irritating as always. I spent an entire day last week being subjected to him sending me photographs of the most hideous outfits.”
Hang on. Did John sound disappointed?
Why was he casting his gaze down nervously like that? He wasn’t the seal. Of course he wasn’t the seal. He couldn’t possibly be the seal.
He had begun to get restless now that John had imparted most of his knowledge to Sherlock and there was little that he could research on his own. He had no equipment here for experiments, and a case from Gregson wasn’t forthcoming. He’d checked.
“I wouldn’t have been upset,” Sherlock told Mycroft.
“I suppose. You also didn’t really choose me. I stuck you with me.” John frowned at the awkwardness of his phrasing. “I think that’s why I said what I did earlier. Look, I’ve never shown a human what I am. I broke a pretty big rule, actually. I’m doing a lot of processing myself, to be honest. And yesterday was weird. But you had my back. I would never hesitate to call you my friend after that.”
“Because I’m Mycroft’s brother.”
The last five days without his presence had been agony. Not that he’d expressed it like that when anyone asked, as he didn’t want to be accused of being melodramatic, but how else to describe the constant yearning for John’s touch, which couldn’t be satisfied no matter how long their video calls became? Had Baker Street always been this silent? Mrs. Hudson puttering around downstairs and popping in and out of his flat were familiar, welcome distractions. He found himself sitting on her sofa all of Thursday night watching rubbish telly while she taught him how to knit, simply because he couldn’t take another second of fixing up the spare bedroom upstairs while wondering if John would prefer blue bedsheets or green. Or if he really meant it when he told Sherlock not to alter anything about his flat just because Sherlock thought it might please him. Or whether he should move his telly so that he could put his second armchair in front of it in case John would like to sit there facing him. How was he going to manage another week of this? And another? And another?
“I hope he listens. I love him, but he can be so impossible sometimes.”
“I won’t push my luck, then.”
Sherlock filled the rest of the meal with selkie-free anecdotes that didn’t infringe on John’s privacy, which pleased Mrs. Hudson immensely. Her enthusiasm for John’s imminent arrival quenched and his meal finished, Sherlock headed upstairs to his own flat. Mrs. Hudson stayed downstairs to give him and Mycroft a chance to talk alone, which Mycroft very clearly wanted by showing up here at all. He grabbed his luggage before Sherlock got a chance to and carried it up while Sherlock trudged up behind him. He was able to put his weight on his right ankle to climb up the stairs now, but only at a slow pace, so he had to endure Mycroft staring at him from the top of the stairs while he did so.
“I don’t know why you bother trying to lie to me,” Sherlock said. “It never works.”
Greg stepped inside slowly, eyes never leaving Mycroft’s own. Mycroft sucked in a breath. He was gazing into the eyes of a wolf, and that wolf was Greg Lestrade. How was this possible? He crouched down and reached out a hand, leaving it hovering between them. John had explained that werewolves were as physically affectionate as selkies and dogs, especially with their friends, so Greg shouldn’t mind, but Mycroft must still ask.
“You suspect what this is about, I take it?”
Sherlock smirked.
“Perhaps not.”
John showed Sherlock upstairs. It wasn’t the easiest proposition with Sherlock’s ankle, but he was strong enough that he could stand firmly upon it without too much pain. As long as he climbed only with his left foot and descended only with his right, he should be fine. John insisted on helping him regardless. Normally, Sherlock would have been peeved by this, but he found himself unable to resist the soft pressure of John’s steading hand on his upper arm, so he wasn’t about to discourage him by pointing out that he could manage on his own. The upper floor consisted of two bedrooms, one of which John used as his study. They were sparsely furnished, containing only the essentials. A desk, chair, and file cabinets for the study, and a bed and side tables for the bedrooms. The rest of the space was taken up with books. It seemed that Sherlock had been wrong about the downstairs shelves containing his full collection, although there were no more books on music to be found upstairs, so that portion of his deduction had been correct, at least. Like the rest of the house, framed artwork decorated the walls, along with a print of a 16th century map of the world. Its blue inked oceans were festooned with fanciful drawings of fierce monsters and merpeople.
“See?” John said from his armchair, where he was reading a book. “I told you Greg would cave eventually.”
````````````````
“Of course you are. I was.”
“No, it’s fine. It’s great. Really, do ignore me. I know you wouldn’t throw me over for another shapeshifter.”
“Why? So you can get your stories straight?”
John dropped his head with a grievous sigh as if Sherlock was asking to have a tiger as a pet.
“Never.” John cradled his face, thumbs rubbing along Sherlock’s cheeks. “I would never do that to you.”
“You’re not angry at me, then?”
Sherlock lowered his head, barely daring to look at John, insides frozen with shame and dread at his displeasure.
Sherlock nodded. John completed the motion, pressing their hands together palm to palm. Their fingers twinned, slowly, both still afraid to push it.
Mycroft pulled out his phone and scrolled for a bit.
“Yes. I apologize. I got up early this morning. I’m just a little tired. What were you saying?”
“I don’t know. I wasn’t there to gauge his reaction. Do you have any doubts about his honesty?”
“What?” Sherlock asked. “Why are you looking at us like that?”
Sherlock’s jaw clenched so hard that pain radiated through his teeth.
Sherlock wasn’t sure how he felt about sharing a friend with Mycroft, even if it was true, but surely John would have mentioned it, wouldn’t he? Category of one, John had said. Besides, Mycroft considered any such sentiment beneath his notice.
“Me, too,” he said. He pet Mycroft’s arm, squeezing for a longed-for second. “Come on. I bet you haven’t eaten since you got home, have you?”
“You know, that’s not really how that’s supposed to work. You really should go to your GP. Or to a hospital.”
A smile jerked onto John’s tired face, but he shook his head.
“So,” Greg continued, lowering his eyes again, hesitant. Mycroft’s eyes narrowed. Why was Greg so nervous about this?
“In that case,” Sherlock said, “for future reference, I fully intend to keep doing this.”
“Hello, Greg,” he answered as soon as he was outside.
“You’re welcome,” Greg said. “Well, um… I’ll be off, then. Wish me luck.”
“Let’s grab something there, then. How much extra time does that give us?”
“Would you like some help?” he asked, tone making it clear that he expected Sherlock to decline.
“You considered ordering an appetizer,” Sherlock said when the waiter left, turning back to John.
“Yes, I’m sure. There’s no need to look at me with those puppy eyes.”
“Please. You didn’t even have a concussion.”
“I’m glad to hear that. Really. You deserve to be happy.”
Sherlock pinched his lips.
“That won’t be necessary. I’m leaving in the morning. Bye now.”
That was John’s quiet, “you need to calm down and breathe” tone. Sherlock huffed through his nose and stomped out into the sitting room, pacing in little circles, left hand shaking at his side.
John frowned, considering, so flustered that Sherlock wanted to bundle him off to a chair.
“Should we go inside?” John asked.
“I’m not trying to get myself killed.”
It earned him a little smile.
“You’re welcome,” Mycroft said, pleased as punch.
Sherlock suppressed a grin, his left foot jiggling with excitement under the table.
“Oh, lack of interest isn’t the problem. He made that very clear yesterday.”
His gaze turned away to some memory that Sherlock couldn’t ask about. Something had occurred between John and his family, something painful and life altering, beyond the death of his cousin. Sherlock was sure of it, but he couldn’t press the issue
“Did you call the police?” John continued before Sherlock could give him a piece of his mind.
No less frustrating than the case that had brought him here. Gregson, a colleague of Lestrade’s in the local force, had asked him to put in a good word with Sherlock after being stumped on a robbery for over a week. Having no other cases to entertain him at the time, Sherlock took the chance to get out of the city for a bit and seek inspiration among the majestic cliffs, but such was proving peskily elusive for both the case and his composition. He was beginning to fear that this one might join the ranks of his unsolved cases. That did happen on occasion, no less irritating than the last. But he wasn’t giving up yet. There were still a couple of avenues of inquiry that he could explore.
“I’d love to.”
“We’ll take turns visiting each other on weekends, at least the ones when I’m not busy. It’s not ideal, but I can’t ask him to move. Two weeks is rather too early to request that, isn’t it?”
“Are you sure you should be calling him right now?” John said. “I think you should calm down first.”
They had agreed to never play Cluedo again.
“Oh, I’ve missed this,” John hummed.
“Customarily, I don’t mind people seeing me naked. But it…” Swallowing, Sherlock looked down, picking at the blanket in front of his crossed legs. “It gets complicated when I think that they’re… Well, if they’re…”
Mycroft sighed and looked down at his little brother, who was nearly done with his popsicle and covered in a new coat of 'sticky'. "He at least needs a change, and desperately. That thing's going to burst."
Jawn only laughed hysterically, until he snorted. “I y’ike ba’ffs!” he said again, and threw his leg back over the side as soon as Mycroft set him on his feet.
"Don't be so sure," Greg said dryly. He poured a cap-full of scented solution and carefully handed it to Sherlock. "Pour it under the tap, muffin. Right, just like that."
"Huh?"
"We'll see about taking them off at bedtime."
"I f'ink bi'ssits is be'dder."
"I understand, baby boy. Sometimes your mind just does not stop thinking. That's why I made it a trying rule only, it would be cruel of me to punish you for not being able to fall asleep," John rubbed his back as he spoke, hoping that Sherlock would understand that John had no intention of using the rule as an excuse to punish him.
“Is ok. You still can. Jawn didn’t eat yet.”
“I saw!” Sherlock sat up on his knees and leaned over the table, eager to tell his brother what–
Molly shook her head and felt Sherlock's ribs again, starting from his sternum and working outwards. "I can feel fractures," she said, "but they're placed where they should be. They feel good right now. Well, not 'good', really, but--"
"Here. I got these for you a few weeks ago and kept forgetting to give them to you." After a quick search of the top drawer, Mycroft handed Sherlock a pair of purple stripped socks covered in sloths.
"Neither is your commentary." Mycroft plugged his phone in and dropped it onto the nightstand.
“Bu’d you say a’ wrong thing.”
"Yes! They c'n ha'b cu'bca'ges for bre'fas' wif us?"
"Communicate?" He nods emphatically, grateful Daddy understands. "This wasn't the proper way to discuss this Sherlock. I'm going to let it slide this once, but consider this your only warning on the issue. Understood?" He nods again.
"Nek'kit?"
"Will you get the presents while Sherlock and I set up the cupcakes with candles?"
“Shhhh…the other baby is still asleep; let’s leave him that way.”
Without his bickering partner to keep up with, Greg soon found himself genuinely sleepy, and fought to stifle an actual yawn.
“Go pick that up. Now.” Daddy’s voice was calm, but there was no mistaking the menace there.
Lordy. Being in pain must have knocked him younger than he'd been in ages. "Yup, wake Mycroft." Greg brought him into the bedroom and went around to Mycroft's side.
"Kung-fu."
"Walk'en," Sherlock mumbled around his thumb, and nodded.
Sherlock raised his eyebrow, waiting. "Why...?"
Sherlock sat up. "Wha'd they y'ook y'ike?"
“I think we can do. Jawn, lad, how does a popsicle sound?”
"Sorry," Greg said again, watching Sherlock struggle...God, he wanted to hug him. But he also wanted to, you know,
""That'll look very fetching."
"Well, because..."
Sherlock disappeared into the nursery and was back moments later, shoes on the correct feet. He bounced on his heels; “Can I have two orders of chips?”
Mycroft quickly bent down and picked up the duck before grabby little fingers could reach it, then picked up the other. He held them both up, and waited until he had two sets of widened eyes focused on him intently. “We’re going to have a little contest,” he said. “You’re each going to take turns with your ducks, and whomever lands theirs in the sink first, wins.”
be in the hospital.
“You make amazing pancakes, if memory serves.”
“Y’abbits.” John scowled at him.
"No. Sleep time."
“May I wash my face?” Sherlock asked, reaching for the cloth.
"You know what you have to do if you want to discuss this like adults." John's face softens as he says this, watching his boy fidget in front of him.
"Tha'ds okay. I'ma come back and p'yay wif it here," she said, giving it one last pat before turning back to them. "Maybe tomorrow? Or the weekend is better a'cause we can play for longer. I can't take off many mornings."
Greg was pulling three bibs out of the drawer. "Y'ah?"
"Purple-"
“...A Hulk,” Jawn sulked.
"Hur'ded an' was tired."
Sherlock, who’d started to doze through most of lunch, suddenly jerked awake. “No nap!”
"I'd bloody well like to know that, too," Mycroft muttered as he buckled Jawn in, careful not to let the strap of the seatbelt press against his arm. "But I don't think we'll be getting a clear answer until tomorrow."
“...Wha’ is it?”
Greg snorted. "Oh, my God. That one, I pick that one. No, go back one. Yes, there, that one."
“No, you never have enjoyed this bit.” Mycroft dumped a dollop of shampoo on his head and ignored his sulking.
Sherlock took his other pill with a grimace, sucking hard on his bottle. "C'n I ha'b co'ppee now?"
"Y'ah, fin'iss you wal'g, G'eg!"
Jawn begrudgingly sat up and stepped into the onesie that Mycroft was holding for him and let him button it without complaint, but he had a permanent pout on his face.
"Outside?" Greg sounded dubious...it was January, after all.
"Y'oss."
“It may seem as if I’m being unkind. But following the rules is imperative. They are there to keep you safe.”
"Yeah." Greg reached over and rubbed the small of Sherlock's back. "But is it furniture."
"I only remember the bits that are very important." Sherlock slurped his tea; "Like presents."
"Add onions and peppers," Mycroft piped in.
Greg kissed one of the only clean spots on Sherlock's face; on the back of his jawline, just beneath his ear. "Are you gonna be okay, little man?"
“ ‘gain, My’coff? ‘gain?” Sherlock reached out to tug his brother’s sleeve, which the man artfully dodged. “Hands to yourself when they’re covered in anything questionable.” At this rate, they were all going to need a bath. Speaking of…”Jawn, are you done- Oh
"We're going to have green bushes now? What! And here I thought they were already green."
Jawn stared at the cake for longer than one should just for deciding how to eat it, but he finally looked up at Mycroft. "Bo'ff?"
Sherlock beamed, rocking on his toes.
“They need to be rinsed. I’ll be right back.” The second Mycroft stepped toward the bathroom door, Sherlock began to wail.
"I do'it."
“Only the funny things!” Jawn skittered past Mycroft and into the nursery. He pulled open the closet and dropped to his knees, half crawling inside, and began tossing items that were not ‘co'ders’ over his shoulder.
"B'edsticks?"
"You were talking about man handling me on the beach. You thought to do that in front of Jawn and Sherlock?"
After adjusting the quilt, John took a step back to admire his work. The dark wood was elegant and, John's lower back twinged, heavy. The soft grey and yellow bedding Mycroft had sent along added warmth and made the bed look inviting.
"You can have a whole bowl of cereals all to yourself."
"I di' tell," Jawn pouted, sounding very near tears as he put his hand to his cheek, where Mycroft's lips had brushed, and looked to Sherlock. "An' I'm s'dill ho'd!"
Sherlock stuck his thumb in his mouth and shrugged again.
“My dummy.”
"I p'omise!"
"Wow! So cool."
"Mycroft will indeed be very cross if you dig out power tools, Gregory Lestrade."
"Our faeries are g'unna have the flashiest houses in all of England."
"A cutie muffin with those sparkly sugar grains on it."
The first time it happens, Sherlock doesn’t even think to safe word.
"No. G'eg an' me a'cided I d'un nee' trou'sirs."
"Shhh, yes," Mycroft whispered, and took two small styrofoam cups with lids out of the box as well.
“I y’ike sam’widges!”
thigh as well; “Corner. Now.”
Sherlock sniffled pitifully and made a show of not looking at his big brother.
Sherlock didn't respond for so long, Mycroft thought he'd fallen asleep. "...S'ill miss 'im," he whispered.
"Not the time, love."
"We're going to be eating leftovers the whole rest of the week."
Sherlock gaped at Mycroft for a moment before twisting as best he could to see his own bum. “F'wowers?”
Sherlock closed his eyes again, and felt his headache pulsating at the backs of his eyelids. That's right; he had been at his brother's for the last 32 hours. He had been little for just as long.
Mycroft rolled his eyes, then retrieved his phone from the nightstand and began to run through his mail.
"Yes, well...this was supposed to be a surprise. For in the morning," he added.
“ ‘Doesn’t have any’, “ Mycroft corrected absently and picked up the book. “…What’s a ‘Gruffalo’?”
"S'cuse me. Lavender. You gave yourself lavender freckles."
He takes Sherlock’s lips against his own then, parting them with his tongue. There is no fighting for dominance in this moment; Sherlock let’s his lips be opened and his whole mouth be consumed by John. John had expected Sherlock to moan and whimper, but he isn’t prepared for the muffled cry against his lips as Sherlock arches his back, thrusting upward, and coating his own belly with cum. Blinking, John pulls back from the kiss and looks down at Sherlock's prick, which is twitching back to its normally flaccid state.
"It's fucking awful."
“I was thinking chips," Mycroft cut in before he could utter a peep.
"Would Peanut be amenable to cheese toasties and tomato soup for brunch?" Mycroft asked. He hoped the answer was 'yes', instead of just more sugary things.
"...I could go for another one."
Sherlock nodded, even though Greg had his back turned.
“You didn’ do it right,” Jawn said, winding up another fish and placing it in the water, the spinning fins making soft plopping sounds on the surface as is ‘swam’ in a weak circle.
"Y'ah!" Sherlock scooted down and snuggled to Mycroft's side. "C'yib. Moana?"
Mycroft opened both eyes and looked down at his cuddly little barnacle of a brother. "Are you actually hungry?" he asked, a hint of surprise in his voice.
"I'm sorry, sweetheart. The DVD is still lost."
Greg didn't answer; he simply guided Sherlock into his and Mycroft's room.
Mycroft watched as Sherlock patted the loosely packed dirt into the top of his pot, and then turned back to the garden. "This was a lovely idea," he told Greg as he knelt down and began to trowel around a cluster of short Daisies. "I'm glad you suggested it."
"I need the loo."
"Well, yeah, I am."
"Yea', but it's not so nice when it gets crusty and gross."
"Swee'dhear'd."
"Give me that!" Mycroft snatched the phone and quickly closed the YouTube video that his little brother had pulled up of dogs startling themselves awake by farting.
“Why come?”
“Right now, in stature only” Mycroft sighed. “I managed to walk up behind him without him noticing, after all.”
"Yes. Sherlock would never bump your arm on purpose. But it doesn't matter if it was an accident, it would still hurt our Jawn."
“Luckily you rarely pay the cab fare.” John commented, but there was not heat to it. He closed the door quietly and followed Sherlock up the stairs. They’d have to have another discussion about slamming doors.
“Yes.”
“Sherlock.”
"Nn-nn."
"Wai'! I nee' some!" Jawn picked up his slice of pizza, nothing left but the crust, and tried to shove it in the sauce. "G'eg I nee' sauce! Is dry and 'sgusting!"
“A’course, Jawn.” Sherlock rolled his eyes, the word ‘obvious’ heavily implied. “Turtles or f’wogs?”
Jawn wanted desperately to chew his thumb, but he was being a big boy and helping carry the takeaway bag. "You’re not going to be mean, are you, Mycroft?” he asked softly.
Which he might be.
"C'isps, My'cobb, p'ease?"
"Hur'ds y'ittle bit." Sherlock stayed where he was, eyeing Mycroft warily.
Sherlock nodded as he stood up.
“Ye'th!”
"Four. Gen'le four." Sherlock accepted the bottle and upended it, squeezing hard.
"I wan' go ba'g insi'e, G'eg."
“I wan’," Jawn said, reaching for the umbrella.
"It should be fine. And either way I'm not up to hear you and Gregory whinge if I don't allow you some."
"I think 4 drops will be enough," he said, putting it back into waiting hands.
"I got'sa pick a dress first!"
"I dun'no."
“Sure. Why not.”
'And trees are no good?'
“Ha!” Jawn stuck his tongue out at the little detective. “You not gunna win, I am.”
"I heard that," Mycroft called over his shoulder.
"Is that your half-arsed way of asking me to lie down with you?"
"Butter knife is faster. But-"
Sherlock looked up and smiled. "Hi, G'eg! You ba'g!"
“S-s-sToP!” Jawn howled, making a grab for Sherlock’s wrists but, needing to keep his arms pressed into his sides, missed.
Mycroft made his tea and went and settled into Sherlock’s chair, sinking into the faded leather. He sat with his tea to his lips, simply breathing in the steam for a quiet moment; the first moment of quiet since, oh God…since naptime???
"G'eg in trooouuubbbllle," Sherlock sang quietly, dragging a finger through the cheese sauce on his plate and licking it off.
"G'eg! G'eg! Two biscuits, G'eg! They's big," Sherlock held out his arms to demonstrate; "We nee' two."
Sherlock shrugged.
"Pan'a y'earn kun'-fu an' sa'b a b'illage."
Sherlock slowly, slooooowly, lifted the blankets on Mycroft's right side.
"Tha'd one. We a'ready wai'd fooooorrrr'ber."
"Also you can record people farting on the tube!"
"Take these quick and you can have two more biscuits."
“You’re both going to eat. And not junk…not after gorging yourselves on greasy chips and ice cream at lunch.” Mycroft took Jawn’s arms and unwrapped them from his waist, then eased him down from his lap, much to the little fair-haired boy’s dismay. “There’s going to be something green and leafy on your plates this time.”
.’ He took a mouthful of cold water and swallowed. “Jawn.”
“I ge’dda do the paste!” Jawn said, scurrying for the bathroom.
"I will accompany you with a harmonious whistle."
"Do you do that?" Greg stroked Sherlock's cheek, the baby's eyes already mostly closed. "Do you make it hard to go to the bathroom."
“Does he plant radishes and beans? I don’t y'ike y'ettuce.”
"I'm only stating a fact. The sheep will have to bring sleeping bags and sleep downstairs."
"No. Much as I hate to admit it, he was right. I'm very full, which I just now noticed with you leaning on my belly."
“They are splendid, thank you.” Mycroft leaned around the baby in his lap to draw the body of the chocolate snowman.
“Shut up.” John huffs out between thrusts. Sherlock can hear from his voice that he’s close.
"I ha'de sh'ed'ule."
"I spy with my telescoped eye...something blue."
"Wha'd?"
"Jawn! I' so'wwy, Jawn. P'ease. So'wwy." Sherlock slid off Mycroft's lap onto the floor and put his head on Jawn's knee.
The ride is mercifully short. John is out of the cab and in the door before Sherlock even has time to pay. He shoves all the money he has in his billfold at the driver, murmuring a rough voiced thank you as he bounds after John out of the cab and up to the flat.
“I'sh goo’ we do dis’. My’coff ge’d y’onesome.”
"Yeah, potatoes." Greg sat down heavily a the bottom of the steps, and watched for one of Mycroft's cars.
"You heard me," Sherlock raises his chin in a pitiful attempt of defiance. "This bedtime bit has got to go."
"Teasin'," Sherlock took another bite of cereal.
"Nearly. Ten more minutes."
"You like that one a lot, don't you." Mycroft looked through the toy bin, and came up with the big, red flower-shaped floater with 'petals' that lit up. And the small jets in the center would even spray thin streams of water in small arcs.
, that Sherlock was totally amiss of the footfalls that had hurried down the stairs and made their way to the kitchen, until the light flicked on, momentarily blinding him.
“Mean it!”
"You are brilliant. Will you go get that together while I take himself upstairs."
Sherlock watched Greg leave the room. "G'eg mad?" he asked, his voice shaky.
"I know, I know, but I need both hands sweetheart. " Greg bent down until Sherlock's bottom was touching the top of the bed.
Sherlock nodded and squeezed Greg’s hand back; “Y'ah, tri’gsy.”
"A'course, babycakes," Greg flipped on the kitchen light, chuckling as the baby blinked to adjust his eyesight.
"Y-yea."
“Thas why we ha’b to hel’b.”
"Perfect. I love the ocean. Though the sun doesn't always agree with me."
Sherlock was misty eyed. They were both going to need an IV of juice,
"D'waw him some f'wogs."
"I could be a faerie at this point." Greg brushed his hand down his shirt, adding another cascade of glitter to the piles on the ground.
"He did," Mycroft said.
"Nooooo, G'eg. O'ver way."
John read the words and felt his eyes mist over and he had to take several deep breathes to keep from sobbing.
“What movie are you picking, Jawn?”
Sherlock perked up immediately, nodding as he turned to face Jawn.
"Could you just...could you come hold him still for a minute, yeah?"
Mycroft rolled his eyes and headed upstairs to get changed.
"My'cobb say'ed craf's. I wan' do mo' craf's."
"Noooooooo!" Sherlock bounced on his bottom unhappily.
"A'mon, G'eg," Sherlock said, tugging him into a trot across the yard, yelping when Greg slowed them to a snails pace.
"Just a moment, muffin!" Greg turned to go down the stairs as as Mycroft turned to go back to the bathroom, but paused at the top step. "...How are you doing it?"
“Sherlock, be a lad and hand me Jawn’s nappy, please,” Mycroft said, patting the little doctor’s trembling back. Might as well take care of that now, while he was sitting on him and clinging tighter than a leech.
"We c'n ma'ge mud?"
"Yes," Mycroft sighed, staring down at the trail of grass that started at the backdoor, and ended at Sherlocks' feet.
"F'ank'oo!" Sherlock dumped the bubble solution into the water. "Smell sooooo goo'."
"Y'ah!" Molly said before Sherlock could answer. "I c'n dress him u'b!" She finally came up for air, her hair in her face, and pulled out a long, bright pink taffeta dress that would have made 1980's Barbie think about toning it down. "He c'n wear this one!"
That was emphatically more tolerable than having his face touched, so Mycroft closed his eye again and prepared to breathe easy for five more minutes...
"Five more minutes, monkey."
Jawn grumbled but went quiet when Sherlock got him up and against his shoulder.
"We will once the flour is done."
Sherlock fumed, huffing out of his flared nostrils. John had a point. With a consenting grunt, he left his chemicals on the table, and walked over to John. His shoulders were slumped in defeat and he pouted at his feet.
"Three fractured ribs."
....but nowhere near as afraid as he was. "I'm...alright," Sherlock said, turning his back on the twin looks of disappointment and anger on Greg and Mycrofts' faces.
"You can scrape it off with your finger first, but do not
"He wasn't trying to trick you. He was trying to take care of you."
"Very brave." Greg kissed his forehead while he stood there and rocked him for a bit...he didn't want to try and put him back down now, not while he was still worked up, but he was going to have to when they went downstairs for a bottle. Damn. If he'd left the baby monitor in their bedroom, he could've woken Mycroft up and had him go make one...
“Bubba'gum f'wavored bubbas, p'ease!”
Molly stepped in, looking around and trying not to gape at the sheer size of Mycroft's house. "Oh, uh, no thanks. Do I, do I need to take my shoes off or something?"
"G'eg take'd goo' care o'b me," Sherlock slurred, and Greg noticed that his eyes appeared unfocused. He handed him his cup and kissed his forehead. "You just rest and watch your show, muffin."
"You saw his notes?"
"Molly! Swing your bum down the catwalk, doll!."
"Is there anything you need, Molly?"
Mycroft stood, smiling faintly. “Sherlock…don’t you have something to say?”
The yard was silent.
"On'yee if warm from'a ba'ff." Sherlock reached out with both arms and piled the bubbles into a mountain, then smashed it.
"What I'd call is for a round of timeouts."
"I dun' y'ub p'unes, G'eg."
Sherlock picked at the duvet. "Is that not right?"
Sherlock cringed and hid his face in Jawn’s jumper; "….”
"Well, that answers that." Greg let his hand fall on Sherlock's upturned bum with a soft
“An’ Pe’der.”
"Really?! Cause I have been looking at this detonator set and I think..." John stopped him with a swat to his hip.
"Y'ah," Sherlock babbled around the spout of his cup while he leaned back against his brother. "Pur'ble."
“Good boy.” Mycroft kissed one of the only dry spots on the little boys’ face, on his forehead, and wrapped him in a huge hug.
Sherlocks' eyes widened, and he very nearly dropped his knife. "I ge'd a p'esent??"
Greg started to laugh. "Okay, okay, okay," he chuckled, and moved the toy out of the way. "Want me to pick something else?"
"...This is on the extreme end, admittedly."
“Do you know the game 'Pick Up'?” Mycroft asked, frowning around at the sitting room--and at the toys, crayons, and sippy cups that were now
Sherlock nodded and laid his head on his brother's shoulder. "Y'ong time."
"You gave yourself purple freckles?"
"No down, no down, no down," Jawn groaned.
“I like the bit with the whale,” Jawn said absently, collecting toys from the floor and putting them gently into the toy box.
"Cause you'll bump your eye and it'll hurt."
“Mycroft.”
“It’s quite alright.” Mycroft waved dismissively, settling back in Sherlock’s chair. “Unfortunately, I do have an appointment I must keep so I can’t spend the afternoon. Would you like your present before I leave?”
"I...I dun' f'ink d'ats righ'd."
Jawn blushed beet red from his hairline down to his toes and scowled at Mycroft, then spun around as Sherlock started cackling. “Shut up!” Jawn shouted at his back as the naked detective dashed from the room and down the hall.
hit. "Here, sweetheart," Greg said, taking the plastic telescope and handing it to Sherlock, who seemed to move in slow motion as he took it; "Show me how it works."
"Alright, little man, let's head downstairs."
He took his first sip and held in his mouth for a bit, while he let his thoughts roam. He wondered how long was an appropriate time to stay, now that the boys were asleep…of course, he could always stay the night and sleep in the master bedroom, but…
"Y'ove o'sen," Sherlock gurgled around the nipple in his mouth.
“You can’t do what, eat?”
"Delicious," Greg caught the baby's wrist and pretended to eat his whole hand, causing Sherlock to squeal in delight.
"Oh. I'd y'ooks g'woss."
"I did so tell you that."
Sherlock opened his eyes and squawked, nearly bouncing out of John's lap. "Oh Daddy!"
"Also! I love scarves! And gloves! And dresses! And coats! And diamonds!"
"But that doesn't mean we aren't going to have a very, very serious word with John, first."
Mycroft stuck his tongue out at his partner as he settled Sherlock against the mound of pillows at the head of the bed.
"Shhhhhr'laaa'k." Jawn giggled, his head falling back as if on a spring.
Jawn puffed his chest at the insult. “You’re not being nice!”
Now that he had something to brace against, Sherlock let himself sag against the edge while pressed the flat of his hand to his chest, as if he were trying to hold the pain in one place and keep it from spreading.
There was the sandbox, where he himself had been playing...but Jawn had been grumpy with him, for whatever reason, so Sherlock let his gaze drift to the next thing to catch his eye, the wooden play castle. Now, Jawn was known to go and pout in the towers, as they were the only two parts that weren't completely open to view...but no, not today. Not with the horde of angry red wasps that had decided to nest in the planks that covered the tops of both towers.
"It's awful," Greg agreed.
"I think three yellow drops is okay. It will be pastel yellow." Mycroft put the cup down and took the bottle from Sherlock, then recapped it.
Sherlock dug out another heaping spoonful of peanut butter. "Is tha'd goo'?"
"This is going to take a good hour. I hope you lot brought something to read," Greg grumbled, making his way slowly down the hallway. Greg's boxers had bunched up and poofed out the back of the open zipper of his dress.
Sherlock pulled away from his brother. “I don’t need to stay with Nana…I can stay by myself!”
"Nonsense. Sherlock is a very good boy. He can have bubbles in his bath, right?"
“I’m helping.” Sherlock peeped innocently, staring wide eyed at Mycroft.
"I kee'b G'eg."
Sadie: That’s a very good point. 'John' would fight tooth and nail to keep that ‘tough guy’ exterior up around Mycroft…his is not a baby, should anyone need to be reminded. But, Sherlock
Mycroft heard Jawn’s feet thudding through the flat and shook his head…Mrs. Hudson simply had to have ear plugs.
"I'sh col'," Sherlock flinched when a wet wipe touched his skin. "I'm b'ery col', p'yeathe."
"Except for thinking gin makes a good breakfast."
"This isn't nappy creme. It's ouchy ointment."
"E-zee, mu'ppin," Sherlock repeated, but then groaned as he fell back on his bum.
Before anyone could react Sherlock was licking the left over batter out of the scoop.
“What’s wrong, Jawn?”
"P'ish goin' bay'cation?"
"C'n we play wi'f them, too?!"
"Don'd bi'de me," Jawn warned, and placed all three tablets on Sherlock's tongue. "A'ri'de, sh'ew 'em u'b!
"A'rections?"
“Oh! Ye’sh!” Jawn clapped before turning back to Sherlock. He popped a quick kiss onto Sherlocks' nose before touching the tips of their noses together and rubbing back and forth gently. “Bunny ki’shes!”
"I'm not wearing pants, remember...oh!" Greg's hands flew back to cover his underwear and he did a neat pirouette, turning to face the crowd, red-faced and sputtering.
Sherlock mumbles around his fingers, gently rubbing his chin on the tiny ball of quills snuggled there.
"Baxter is going to sleep with you, love bug. The monitor is on. Call for us when you wake up," Mycroft put Baxter near Sherlock's face and kissed his hair. "Have sweet dreams," he whispered, and then stepped back to let Greg pull the side of the crib up and into place with a gentle click.
Mycroft rolled his eyes but adjusted the book on his lap. Jawn sighed happily and rested a cheek on Sherlock’s head. “I can see now. Keep reading.”
"I know, me too." Greg batted his hands away. "We'll take our cereal in the sitting room and wrap up in blankets, how about that?"
“We’ve clearly missed something simple. Did he climb a tree?” Mycroft said putting his hand up to shield his eyes from the sun while he glanced up at the branches of the huge oak in their backyard.
"We c'n wa'sh mou'sh mo'bie," Sherlock said, watching Greg roll put two balls.
Sherlock gave Greg a nod, and turned to his brother, who was watching the whole proceeding tight-lipped. "And
Greg could hear quiet crying as Sherlock nodded.
"We'll all be asleep by then."
Sherlock’s bottom lip stuck out, and just when Mycroft thought he was in for another squall of a tantrum, his little brother surprised both of them by putting his green crayon on the table and pushing it over to Jawn. “…P’ease?”
"BAMBI!"
"Then that's what we'll have. We'll order whatever you both want."
“Bubb'a gum!”
"Yes, my love."
"He's quacking," he explained, belly-laughing at the affronted look on Mycroft's face. " 'Cause I called him an 'odd duck'."
John releases his hold on Sherlock’s hair and pats his cheek in praise. “You’re such a good boy.” John mumbles as he pulls himself from Sherlock’s mouth with a small pop, and they both collapse on the bed.
"Yea. Fi'be shee'b."
"Oops. You've missed the first five minutes, better switch to something else."
Jawn nodded.
"Good boy." Greg ruffled his hair and jogged down the hall to the nursery, to scavenge batteries from another toy.
," Mycroft sighed, and reached over to flip a switch on the wall next to him, turning off the lamp on Greg's side.
"I'm waiting."
Sherlock chewed it slowly, his cheek resting against Peanut.
"I'm worried about his ribs. I don't wanna be mashing them while he's looped out of it and have him wake up sore."
"P'itty."
"Bu'yee a' Moana."
“I’m glad that Greg came and got you. I-I should have thought of that.”
For a moment it appeared as if Jawn was going to tell Mycroft off. Just because he was little, didn’t mean he was dumb...but an especially loud sniffle from Sherlock caught his attention.
Greg looked down, and was pleased to see that the baby's pretty blue/green/turquoise eyes had finally drifted closed.
"I y'ike G'eg."
"There you've got it." Greg twisted the dress in his lap, "I don't see any openings. Is this like a really elaborate scarf?"
”Is McG'eg'ry related to G'eg?”
“Come on Daddy, bed time.”
He kept slapping, turning his little brother’s backside from a brighter pink to a dusky red. “Are you going to listen to my instructions next time?” he shouted, only half-expecting an answer.
Greg and Mycroft entered the kitchen to find that Sherlock had set up his elephant in his booster and was now rooting the cupboard for a cup. "Maw'yee y'ike ki'ddies."
Mycroft merely hummed as he gingerly picked up the soiled nappies and went to throw them away in the bin in the kitchen. Sherlock hopped along behind him, dragging Jawn by the hand.
Greg took the proffered pills from Mycroft and held them to Jawn's lips. The little doctor scrunched his face; "No fank oo," he hissed through his teeth.
"I made every effort to be," Mycroft said into his tea. "Though at one point you were sleeping in my lap, wheezing because of the damage to your face and ribs."
“Two!
He kept his back turned until he heard the quiet footsteps of two subdued little boys pad up behind him. When he turned to face them, he was met with two very contrite-looking, ruddy-faced little ones…Sherlock still had unshed tears in his eyes and had, at some point, lost his dummy and traded it for his thumb.
"Not with that attitude."
“You’re getting a bottle because you’re tiny,” Myc said, reaching down to ruffle his hair. “Does Jawn want his turtle cup again?”
"New?"
"Language."
"You look exhausted. Rest your eyes a bit, sweetness."
And heaved a sigh in relief as he discovered Jawn, fast asleep and curled into a position that was going to have his shoulder in agony later that night.
"I know, sweetheart. There's not a lot we can do about that, I'm afraid." Mycroft kissed his forehead, and carried him into the kitchen. "Look, doesn't that all smell wonderful? Are you still a hungry boy?"
“I can have a treasure?!” Jawn asked, his mouth a perfect ‘o’ of astonishment.
Sherlock shrank down and looked away, expecting to be scolded or worse…spanked again.
“NO,” Mycroft said firmly, and pulled him back. “What is it with you both and climbing in fully clothed?!” He unsnapped the dripping, stained onesie (another chore for Ms. Hudson; they seemed to keep piling up…she must really care for them if she hadn’t booted them into the street by now), and tugged it over Jawn’s head, the smaller man squawking and fussing the entire time until his head popped free.
“Yes, those are wonderful,” Mycroft said, rubbing Jawn’s back in small circles. “Close your eyes while you tell me.”
"Let's finish our clean up and you can have a another cupcake before your bath."
"I don'd wan'd any'fin' on my fee'd, My'cobb."
"I think it's a bit inevitable."
"Got it!"
!" Mycroft whispered excitedly.
"No." John said plainly. Sherlock shrugged and hummed his assent, leaning back into daddy. "One last thing before nap time, Pet," John kept talking over the sudden fuss happening in his lap. "Daddy reserves the right to change or add to the rules as needed. You are always allowed to respectfully object to any of my decisions, new rules, or punishments and rewards, and I will always consider your points, but ultimately it's my decision. Alright?" John pulled back to look at Sherlock's face; he’d stopped fussing and his whole attention was on John. "We're also going to have a safe word, a word to keep Sherlock safe. If we are doing something you cannot handle then you can use our word and no matter what is happening, we stop."
"Pirate ships or potato ships?"
Sherlock stopped in his tracks, eyes wide and terrified. “S'arks?”
“I can’t see the pictures!”
"It's cherry flavoured. You like cherry, remember?"
Sherlock had quieted down to a hitching sniffle, one hand held over the sore part of his face. "Owww'sh."
"Re'yax, bay'bee."
“Trousers, perhaps, but pants would only be redundant.” Mycroft stripped his gloves off with another snap that sent a shiver down Sherlock’s spine and caused him to clench Jawn’s hand. “Those trousers were damp and smelt sour, but you’re welcome to put them back on if you’d like,” he added with a smirk. “Though, I wouldn’t hesitate to say we’d likely get faster service if you stayed as you are.”
"Apparently, having time alone to think has changed his mind," Mycroft said, exiting out of Netflix and opting for live television. "We should think about getting you two into bed."
"Oh, right...yeah, we might. We'll have to see."
Greg took a deep breath. No reason to scare the tyke by getting frustrated. "Sherlock, do you see Jawn anywhere?"
“Mycroft is hardly a bloke," Sherlock quipped, which set them off giggling again.
” as a red-faced detective exploded from his hiding spot, sending stuffed animals flying every which way.
"Mine? I can ha'b it? P'ease?!" Sherlock hopped along behind him. "Din'nah mean ta' y'ose 'id!"
"Nooo, My'cob," Sherlock said, already sounding teary.
"My fee'd ge'd c'yaus'ap'obia."
"You'll be fetching nonetheless."
"Why don't you collect some of your toys and come downstairs. You can have a play while I fix lunch."
“‘Ron Man!” Sherlock bolted up, standing on the sofa. “My look! P'wetty ‘Ron Man!” Sherlock shook his bottle at the telly, spilling droplets of juice everywhere.
"He's really not going to like that."
"O'sen," Sherlock repeated, and nodded his head.
'To big. And birds are not very polite.'
"Pur'ble so'gs?"
"Jawn....please..." He begs through dry lips.
"Talk of dead things isn't terribly soothing."
"Two. Two eggs," Mycroft corrected.
Greg swallowed thickly. Something about the way Mycroft said 'Gregory' as he sent the baby from the room wasn't boding well.
"We'll see how you feel later, muffin," Greg said as he walked over. "Can you let Uncle Greg wash your face and hands?"
Greg had wedged Sherlock's cup into the pail of ice next to the milk; "Here you go, muffin."
Sherlock crossed his legs and grabbed both his feet. "Y'ah," he said, leaning over to watch what Greg was doing. "Bax'er g'yowed."
Sherlock blinked up at them and looked back and forth between them. "G'eg do'id."
"Jawn felled," Sherlock said, his voice shaking. "An' I can't touch 'im."
Sherlock crunched the second egg, letting the whole thing slide off his palm and into the bowl. "One mo'!"
“Jawn sing now?”
“I woke up because I have a headache.”
"What are you doing?"
“They’re on the fridge Daddy.”
“All u’b i'd?”
“S’yobber ina ca’mel.” Jawn put his clean finger into the caramel and then rushed it to his mouth, leaving a string of gooey sugar across the table. “They’se bo’ff amazin’!”
"I'd bet a years' wages that he meant for you to wait upstairs."
"My bay-bee," Sherlock murmured, then pulled a blanket over Jawn and placed a kiss on his forehead.
“Sorry, Pet. Daddy shouldn’t tease that way. We are going to lay out the rules because it helps little boys behave if they know what’s expected of them, and what’s going to happen if they don’t follow the rules.”
"There once was a little boy...”
"Y'as' one." Sherlock took a big breathe and slowly, slowly poured the last bit of batter into the cup. "A'w dun'!"
"Yeah...I mean, most of those stories work out ok."
"E'bry'fin'?"
“I shouldn’t have said that, and I’m sorry. You are Daddy’s good boy and the crib is not a punishment. I promise.” John said into the top of his head
Jawn covered his ears with his wet, sudsy hands.
Mycroft put Sherlock’s cup on the nightstand and turned down the bed before carefully extracting himself from the little detective’s grasp.
Mycroft sighed...fine. Whatever it takes to get Sherlock to shut up. “What do you get out of this? I know enough from John’s file to know what he gets out of it-“
Sherlock huffed and threw himself down on the bed. “You said it. I jus’ laugh.”
"Is no'd furni'sher."
Greg...didn't know what to say.
Now Jawns' mouth dropped open. "Ca'ge in'na mornin'??"
Sherlock chewed carefully; "Tha's y'ots be'dder."
"Do you?" The thought of either Sherlock cooking for a baby Jawn or John cooking for a little Sherlock in the middle of the night made Mycroft chuckle. "Who makes them?" he asked, lifting Jawn onto the bed when it was clear that the little doctor wasn't going to do it on his own.
“He’s got'sa pi'gshur o'b you too...” Jawn pointed at the tiny little icon of Sherlock.
"Leave my CandyCrush alone; the rest you can play." Mycroft rolled over and buried his face in his pillow. "You're not to download anything, either."
"Yeah, that's the rule, in'nit??" Greg replied. If that boy was in this shed the whole time...Ohhhhh, someone's bum was going to be on
"Hush." Mycroft got a nappy under Sherlock's bum and quickly taped him up. He picked up the onesie, humming at the choice before pulling it over Sherlock's head.
"An' pee'za."
perfect."
"Nice diversion, dearest." Greg kissed Sherlock's silk covered knuckles and then helped him put on the other glove.
"Hey Sig, nice sketch." She looked up to find Greg was leaning over her. He had a huge smile on his face that fell slightly when she didn't answer him.
"I want a horsey like you."
"Little"
"That might be it. Let's stay over here." Just then John popped up out of the water and scared Rosie.
Rosie let go of the horn, stretched out her arms, closed her eyes, and leaned back onto Sigyn. Sigyn grabbed the reins with one hand and placed the other on Rosie's stomach. Rosie let out a slow sigh.
Their soup bowls, plates and cups were still on the coffee table. One of Sigyn's books rested on the floor just in front of them. Mycroft gathered the dishes and took them into the kitchen. He reentered the living room and walked around the coffee table. He picked up the book. He bent down and kissed his daughter's forehead. He could feel a slight temperature.
"May I continue?"
"Oh! We have some beautiful rings. I'm sure we can find something suitable for her." She started pulling out rings with different size diamond in them.
She set the table like she was taught. Plate in the middle, knife and spoon on the right with the knife blade facing the plate, dinner fork and salad fork on the left on top of the napkin, glasses above and slightly to the left of the knife. She set the final setting and smiled to herself. Greg carried the finished fish, covered in foil, to the table.
"What have you done Gregory?" Greg placed a fillet on Sigyn's plate along with potatoes.
Sigyn was alone in the house watching a tv show that Greg recommended. It was based around a medical physician and a friend who live in a wooden box that travels to different times and planets. She couldn't figure out why she found it enjoyable to watch a man, who has become a different man once already, run around in a suit and Converse. She was about to start a new episode when her phone dinged
"Not at all. Go right ahead." Greg turned on the TV and found the rugby game. Sigyn placed her bowl on the coffee table and picked up her book.
"I hope you're Sherlock Holmes, if not I'm too late." Glancing to look at the thin man and noticing the startled look, the Doctor then realized he probably could have handled his arrival better.
"It's fine father. Have a good day." She gave him a tight smile and left for her room. Once she reached her room, she grabbed a book off her shelf and set herself up on her balcony.
"Your approval." That shocked Sigyn. Why would he need her approval? She had nothing to do with their relationship.
The day was the middle of summer and the hospital was emptied, so she could be born. She was given the name of Sigyn. She was loved by her father, grandparents, and uncle from the moment she took her first breath. They each vowed to protect her by any means. This girl had long auburn hair and striking blue eyes. She stands taller than all the boys in her grade and thinner than a tree.
I suck at titles, sorry
"Yes you."
"Criminal justice?" He looked at Greg for help. Greg placed his hand on her father's arm and gave him the most gentlest of looks.
"Ohhhhhhh! Please daddy! Ppllleeeaaasssseeeeeeee?!"
"Hold tight!" Sigyn signaled for Mattie to run and she did.
"Male engagement rings."
"Having fun already?"
"Let me see." Greg stood from the chair he was sitting in and walked to behind Sigyn.
"Sig, sweetheart. I brought you some tea. You need to try and drink some." Sigyn whined and rolled over. She sat up. Her eyes remind closed. Greg picked up the mug and brought it close to her mouth.
"Uh, sure."
"Myc, it's perfect." Greg then took the ring out of the box and placed it on Mycroft's finger. Mycroft examined the ring.
She gave him a smile that melted both of his hearts at once,
"Sigyn! Has anyone seen Sigyn?"
"Yes! That's two for me, two for Sig, and none for Mycroft."
"Fine! I'll do it. Just stop looking at me like that! You look like your father." Sigyn smiled to herself as Greg walked out to talk to John. She gave the sauce a few more stirs before grabbing another place setting.
"Oh. I. See." It was obvious she wasn't comfortable helping them anymore. She slowly put back the rings. She turned to one of the other sales woman and whispered something. The woman shook her head and walked over to them.
"Ok Greg." She hugged her uncle.
"Sig, it's time to go to bed. Come on." Sigyn didn't bother waking up. She only groaned. Greg picked her up bridal style. She wrapped her hands around his neck.
"And all of time happened at once. See? That's my point." The Doctor said all in one breath. Realizing this was going no where. The Doctor stood up and walked to a very tired John.
Just beyond the doors was a cemetery. There was green grass everywhere, flower bunches at every inch, benches in every corner, and lushes trees. It could have been mistaken for a park if weren't for the tomb stones. In the far corner, under a tall tree was a black tomb stone with gold writing on it and a massive array of flowers at the base. Sherlock mournfully walked over to it. Looking at the stone, he kind of felt like Ebenezer Scrooge. It read: Sherlock Holmes. An empty feeling started to weld up inside of him.
"Sigyn, I'm gunna order a pizza. What would you like on your half?"
"Yes you may."
"What are they arguing about this time?"
She was surprised by the question. She'd never had pizza before. Even at school, it was a strict meal plan.
"Go ahead, try it." She lifted the triangle to her mouth and bit off the tip. A mixture of flavors hit her and it was nothing like she'd eaten before. She'd had the ingredients separate but when they came together something new happened. The crunch of the peppers and onion didn't take away from the soft and spice of the sausage or the pepperoni. The olives and mushrooms danced with the smoky ham. The cheese and tomato sauce brought it all together.
"But River decided not to shoot you..."
"Isn't that your name?"
"Hello father, how was your day?"
"Hello father, it was fine. Nothing to report."
"Good for you. So does my fiancé. He really loves to ride on the back of my bike." The young girl's face fell. She handed him his bags and recipe.
The horse neighed when she entered and pawed the ground. After pets and loves the ride began. She rode bareback and bridleless. She loved riding. She was good at it too. She had many awards. She rode at a slow pace till she reached the edge of her father's property. Then she let Mattie run. They loved to run. The feeling of the wind through her auburn hair felt like nothing else. They reached the middle of the meadow before they took a break. She slows the horse to a slow trot and lays down on her back. The sky looked so clear. She could feel Mattie eating the grass beneath them. She watched the sky change from a dark blue to almost an ocean blue to finally a pink.
She walked over to her bag and proceeded to remove her cover. She decided on her rainbow two piece suit.
Sigyn sat on the edge of the dock and jumped in. She fully went under the water. When she popped back up she was laughing along with Rosie.
"What are you doing here?! You can't be here, you died in The Library!"
"I'm glad my torment brings you two such enjoyment." Mycroft started mumbling to himself.
"Myc, the movie's over. We need to go to bed. Come on honey." Mycroft raised up off Greg and laid his head on the cushion behind him. Greg stood up and shook his head. He walked over to Sigyn.
"That's a little forward isn't it?"
"You sat there while I did it,"
"Sigyn."
"I think the long one fit her better."
"Ladies and gentleman, I would like to present, for the first time John and Sherlock Watson-Holmes!"
"If you insisted on being in my room at least come closer. I'm getting upset with that tree." She flipped to the next page in her sketch book and looked at Greg. Greg crossed the room and sat in the chair opposite her.
"I quit! I'm done playing childish games." Mycroft sat back on the couch and completely ignored Greg and Sigyn's laughter. Sigyn cleaned up the cards as Greg tried to calm Mycroft down.
"Engagement ring."
"I do not create originals. I copy what I see in the world around me. Don't move!" She started on his shorts. Pockets still gave her a hard time. She finally got frustrated and moved onto his legs. She let Greg's body end there. She sketched the chair and drapes behind him before she finally put her pencil down.
"Sig, would you please make some popcorn?"
"I can't anymore."
"Just Jean"
"Uncle John! I've missed you!" She hugged John and smiled when he spun her around. Greg entered and greeted John. They started to discuss the book and ignore her.
"I've done the calculations and looked at it from many different angles. I've come to the educated decision that I will vacate from the doorway and proceed to move about the rest of the house." Her father cracked a half smile and gave a small chuckle.  She moved from the door frame and grabbed a bottle of water from the fridge. She'd never seen her father smile before, little less laugh. She needed to study what had happened, take in everything. She sat at the peninsula and studied.
"Riding my horse. Is my father awake?"
"It might be a lake monster."
"Yes lets" her father sat at the head with Greg on his left and she sat in his right.
"Thank you." Greg turned quickly in surprise. Sigyn was standing at the entrance of the barn. She was still in her pajamas and bathrobe.
"No, a man named Greg accompanied me."
"My apologies Gregory. I was called in this morning. An important matter has risen."
"I never that good." Sigyn walks Mattie around the meadow a few times before taking Rosie down. As soon as Rosie's feet hit the ground she hugs Mattie and kisses her leg.
"Do you have a problem with Greg?"
"Fine. I would like Doctor to be used however."
"Come in." Greg opened the door and poked just his head in.
"Of course Rosie. Let me put my stuff down and get you a tube."
"My dearest Gregory. You are always one step ahead of me." Greg was still on one knee but his face was spotting a confused look.
"No, not at all."
"Greg? Is everything ok? What things are you waiting for?"
"Go back to the computer's matrix and stay there!" He turns from her in a huff, hoping to shield the longing in his face. Taking a long deep breath, River walked over to him and gently placed her hand on his shoulder. He instantly relaxed at her touch.
"This is not medication."
"No, it's hot today." Sigyn stoped sketching and looked up at Greg.
"Sigyn, sweetie. You need to wake up." Her only response was barely a moan.
"Gregory, this is my daughter. She only gets to visit me once a year. I was going to inform you about her but it never seamed the right time. I'm sorry."
"See the awards? Over there? All mine."
"I'm looking for an engagement ring for my boyfriend."
"Sigyn" John handed her the rains to Rosie's horse. He dashed over to Sherlock and turned him around to look him in the eyes. They spoke in a voice to soft for Sigyn or Mycroft to hear what was being said. Sherlock tried to pull away but failed. The ex-army doctor was to strong. Sherlock shook his head and dropped his shoulders. They talked for a few minutes before Sherlock wrapped his arms around John. John lifted his head and kissed his cheek.
"Relax Uncle Sherlock.  I won't let anything happen to Rosie." Sigyn hopped on to the saddle, right behind Rosie. She took the rains and Rosie grabbed the horn.
"Do I look ok? Is dinner burning? Oh my gosh, I forgot the wine! What if he arrives before I return with the wine?" Greg was in a little bit of a panic. The ring was finally done with the engraving. It turned out better than expected.
"Oh really?" John lifted Rosie out of the tube and started tickling her. Sigyn motioned to the shore and pointed to herself. John nodded his head and continued to tease his daughter.
"Uncle John. Him and Uncle Sherlock have been in the papers a lot lately. I was simply stating that he will fit in with Uncle Sherlock's crazy ways." Her father smiled at the way she quickly came up with that. It made her a little sad that he would be disappointed in her in matter of a few hours. He will be getting the letter from her school today and want to discuss it tonight. The food was brought to the peninsula and plates soon followed. Everyone took their seats and began to eat. No conversation, just the sound of silverware on plates. When they were done eating Sigyn gathered the plates and cleared off the unwanted food. Before she had a chance to start the dishwasher Greg had a load in and waiting on the plate she had in her hand. Her father was upstairs changing his clothes. The dishes were done and put away by the time he rejoined them. He was dressed in a three piece dark blue suit.
"Why?" He asked with a cock of his head
she returned to her book, always keeping and eye on the man. More then two hours passed, when she finally heard a car pull up. Both her and the man look to the door and wait. Her father entered through the door and stopped mid stride. His eyes looked from her to the man and back.
"Then yes. Yes Gregory, I will marry you." Both men had smiled that could be seen from space. Mycroft took out the ring and placed it on Greg's finger. Somehow Greg ended up sitting on the floor.
Sigyn was shocked. She never had someone who wasn't blood or had known her since infancy care for her before. She cared for Greg too. More than a friendship, almost like a parental figure. He was the father figure that was lacking from her relationship with her own father.
"It's good, right?" She nodded her head as she took another bit.
"Cold. You don't ride with a saddle and the horse doesn't have one of those mouth things?"
"My room. But I would like to watch the movie with you two, if you're not tired of my company."
"I didn't know you were coming,"
Greg walked to the barn and was met with excitement from both Mattie and Gladstone.
"Myc calm down. She's almost 16, she has a body to wear it, and it looks good on her."
"No, he's still asleep. You ride your horse this early?" He moves from his spot at the bottom of the stairs to get a bottle of water from the fridge.
"Greggy, I think I'm sick." Greg smiled at her. She called him Greggy. He hadn't heard that name in a long time. His mum was the only one to call him that, she called him that till the day she died.
"Quiet, we can watch but not interfere."
"Thank you!" John walked to the table and sat down. Sigyn looked at Greg and then her father.
"Come on Sig, we're going to play a game together. MYCROFT HOLMES! Stop pretending you can't hear me! Put your brief case down! I called A already and made sure your schedule is clear." Mycroft was trying to escape while Greg was talking to Sigyn. He failed.
"I graduated early. I actually walked the stage on Friday before I arrived here."
"Sigyn!!!" She jumped into her arms and hugged her tight.
"When we see the monster we need to splash it. Keep an eye out."
"Mind if I come with you? I have a book to return to John"
"Yes, thank you."
"Come on Sigyn. Your uncles are already here." Greg made another motion for her to follow. She decided to bring her bag. She followed her father and Greg down to the lake. She watched as Greg held her father's hand and kissed it occasionally. She felt happy. She was happy that her father found someone that made him happy. She noticed a change in him. He acted differently when Greg was around.
"And you can't tell me about it."
"No I sketch. Don't move." She started sketching Greg. She started with his head and face. She moved onto his chest. Making sure to get the details of his band tee.
"Nice and slow. I'm right here. I won't let you fall." Rosie nodded her head and clicked for Mattie to move forward. The horse gave a huff and started walking slowly forward. Sigyn kept her left hand on one rain as the right hovered behind Rosie's back.
"He my horsey. Daddy and Sigyn give him for me."
Greg was on the couch but his head was laying on the back cushion. He was obviously asleep. Mycroft put his umbrella and jacket on the coat rack. He took his briefcase to his office. He rounded the couch and saw the whole picture. Sigyn was in her pajamas and bathrobe. She was fast asleep on Greg's shoulder. Greg had his arm on the back of the couch and was asleep as well.
"What it?"
"Where's Uncle Sher?" John pointed in the direction of his bedroom. John had banished his experience to in there. She opened the door slowly and peaked in. Her uncle was hunched over a table facing a wall and mumbled to himself. She closed the door slowly and hovered by the door.
"Yes. But he will live here. I'll help you train him."
She opened the door and just stared at the man.
"Yea, you're right, weeks of work and finally some results are boring."
Sigyn isn't feeling well, who's gunna take care of her?
"I'm only 15"
"Jean what?"
"Sigyn, what a lovely looking dinner." Greg walked down the stairs. He had on a light blue short sleeved dress shirt and black dress slacks. He looked nice.
"Any time. Let's head back"
She was finishing a tree when a knock at her door drew her from her thoughts. She waited a second for another knock. It would be her father with two knocks, other wise it was Greg. No second knock.
"Sheesh!"  Dinner was ordered in. Finger sandwiches followed by steak topped with sautéed mushrooms and onion. Roasted red potatoes and asparagus tips. Soft rolls. A cheese cake drizzle with strawberry sauce.
"Hello, I'm the Doctor. I've come here..."
"Here Matts nummy carrots" Mattie nibbled at the stock all the way to the end. Mattie sniffed Rosie's hand, up her arm and around her neck. Rosie laughed.
"No! We are not!"
"I like that cover. It looks good on you." She smiled and he returned one. He closed the door and she gathered her sketching bag. Before she left her room, she slipped on her sandals. She walked down the hall and grabbed a towel from the closet.
"My friend, he's hurting. I have to do something." Slowly he turned around, and placed her hands in his. He tried to express all of his concern and worry in one look. She knew him so well, she had to understand. Leisurely she cupped his cheek,
"To anyone?" Nothing but the sound of silverware on plates.
"I don't want to make a huge change without asking everyone involved. I had planned on asking him this summer, before I knew you existed. Now I won't ask him without your approval."
"I have no idea what you are talking about."
"You too." He grabbed the bags and left the store. He loaded the juices into the tailpack. The chicken, noodles, and stock got loaded into the seat storage. The small things got put in his backpack. He started it up, mounted it and started off towards home. He got home and unloaded the groceries. He placed the juice in the fridge. He grabbed a stock pot and put it on the stove. He added the chicken stock and turned on the heat to medium. He separated the chicken from the bone, fat and skin. By the time he finished a light boil started on the stock. He added the chicken, frozen vegetables and some water. He waited for it to boil again before he added the noodles and some spices. He covered the pot and tuned down the heat. Greg was in the process of cleaning the counters when he saw his untouched mug of tea. He put the mug in the sink and placed two slices of bread in the toaster. When they came out he took them up to Sigyn with a fresh cup of tea and the medicine he got.
'Or three' Sigyn thought to herself.
Poor Mycroft, he sucks at children's games.
"I'm not sure. I think I like the first one better. I'm not a fan of this neckline."
"Sigyn Holmes! What in the world do you have on?"
"Hello Sigyn."
"Do us all a favor and calculate quickly."
"I walk down and throw flowers on ground. And go sit next to Mrs. H."
"I have no clue. Hey, here's an idea...why don't you ask him?"
"Ok, I'll come." Greg smiled and left her room. Closing the door behind him.
"I finally got Gladstone used to his new bridle." Nothing.
When they arrived back at the house Greg went straight to the kitchen. He rummaged throw the fridge, he brought somethings out, grabbed some others from the counter and cabinets. Sigyn sat at the peninsula and watched. He pulled out a lemon, a few potatoes, 3 salmon fillets, a couple tarragon, a bunch of parsley, some basil leaves, a garlic clove, bowl of greens and what looked like a citrus dressing.
"Wish I had that type of talent."
"Just do one thing for me, don't hurt my father."
Greg threw his hands in the air and huffed away. She was expecting something like this. He never stayed home more than a night.
"Lay down. Go back to sleep, if you can. I'll wake you when it's time for dinner." Sigyn nodded her head and laid back. She closed her eyes. Greg put the chair back and gathered the plate and tea. He headed back down the stairs. He place the dishes in the sink and started on his lunch. He pulled some bread, meat and cheese from the fridge. He also grabbed some condiments. He made his sandwich, got a glass of water and headed for the living room. He watched some random show as he ate. When he was done he returned his dishes to the kitchen.
"Thank you, now finish eating." Greg grabbed his bowl and sat next to Sigyn on the couch. They ate in silence for awhile.
"Maybe a little. I just want to know."
"So who's taking who's last name?"
"Come on sweetie you need to take your medication." She whined and sat up. He handed her the toast. She just looked at it.
"Sweetie, I know. Trust me I understand. Try taking him on an adventure, it worked for your past companions."
"For example. I move this piece to the ballroom. Than I say 'I think Mrs. White used the rope in the ballroom.' If you have one of those cards you show it to me. If you have multiple only show one. Once you have a final guess, you have to announce that you're making a final guess and then you get to look at the 'evidence'. If your're correct you win. If not you're out and the game keeps going. Got it?"
"I like this one better, but I'm still not sure."
Greg was waiting at the edge of the lake for Sigyn. He waited almost 30 minutes before he decided to run home. Sigyn always picked him up before riding home. Greg entered the house and ran up the stairs. He was gunna knock on Sigyn's door when he heard the reason why she didn't pick him up. He entered her room and headed straight for the bathroom.
"Yes"
"The way you were so focused on the paper. You were lost in thought. In your own little world. Your father gets like that when he's doing important paper work."
"It's good." She sipped at the tea. She almost finished it.
"I thought about it, but I realized I'm closer to you than I'll ever be to him." She looked at her uncle and try to think of words that would express how honored and loved he made her feel.
They walked out of the barn and a deathing scream erupted from Rosie. John was holding the rains of an 18 month old brown and black horse.
"When are you gunna propose to my father? It's obvious you two care for each other, you've been together for awhile, why not marry him?"
"Excuse me. His name's Greg." Sigyn turned away from the mirror and looked at her uncles.
When she left the barn Sherlock, John and Rosie were walking up to the house hand in hand with Rosie in the middle.
"She's my best person, you have Gram."
"What? Don't be absurd. Of course your going to major in international affairs. Then come to work in my office." Both Greg and Sigyn just looked at him
Sigyn made her way to the living room floor next to Greg. Greg was setting up a game on the coffee table as Mycroft sat on the couch. Greg stopped mid set up and stared at Mycroft, slowly he narrowed his eyes.
"Goodbye father."
"Why not? What's wrong with your middle name and shouldn't it be Doctor?"
"Surprise Rosie"
"Did anything interesting happen today?" Silence
Sigyn reached around Rosie and placed the carrot on her shoulder. Mattie started nibbling on it and made Rosie laugh even harder. When she was done, Rosie hugged her face.
"I was inquiring as to how you liked Gregory."
"We are the smartest people on the planet. Some more then others. My brother is the only exception to the rule." Sigyn finished the last place setting and waited for her father to finish.
"Uncle Sherlock?"
"You should be more afraid of him hurting me." That made both of them break out in laughter.
"Why three hearts?"
"Go on."
"Only Mattie? You didn't come to see me?" Sigyn stuck out her lip and made an overly exaggerated sad face.
Greg finished his soup and put the bowl on the coffee table next to Sigyn's.
Sigyn was setting the table for dinner when a surprise guest burst through the front door.
"You draw?"
"I understand your concern. Now go back to bed! You are not going to be good to them if you get sicker!"
"Sherlock, when we fist met I was baffled by your intelligence. The way a small scratch on a cell phone told you a person's whole life story. You saw the drive I tried to hide. I was broken, you found all the pieces and put me back together. No matter how hard I tried, I couldn't survive without you in my life. I tried to hate you, it only drove me mad. You saw the truth in me before I did. You surprise me everyday. You stepped up and offered to help raise my...our daughter. You are my missing piece, I never knew I was missing. Sherlock, I promise to love you past my last breath, I will always tell you when you're being an idiot, hold you when you fall and pick you back up. I love you, Sherlock and with this ring," Greg handed John a gold band, "you are mine, forever." John slipped the ring onto Sherlock's finger with huge smile.
"Thank you daddy, thank you daddy, thank you daddy" Rosie hugged her father and kissed his cheek. John lifted the excited child onto the yearling. He handed her a riding helmet.
"Sorry father."
Greg just continued to stare.
"Uncle John?" She handed them back to him.
"What do I have to approve?" Greg turned from the window and looked at Sigyn.
"What in the world is Rosie doing on that beast?"
"I no have one. But I can ride Mattie, yes?"
"I'll just start the movie." Sigyn had the cards put away and started to head up stairs.
"I guess you're right."
She's on the train home. Well, the place she was born and where her father had a bed for her. She's excited to see her grandparents and uncle. He's been in the papers lately and she has a lot of questions. The train pulls into King's Cross station. She grabs her bags and steps onto the platform. She walks through the station and finds nothing but people running for their train, station works doing their job, and people hugging their returning loved ones. She feels a ping in her chest knowing she will never have that experience.
"Sigyn."
"When was the last time you took your medication?"
"A monster? Do I look like a monster to you?"
"Eat, I'll be right back." Greg went upstairs and grabbed Sigyn's mediation and cough drops. He brought them down to Sigyn.
"Three. One for him, one for me, and one" Greg looked Sigyn in the eyes and smiled
This would be a night none of them would forget. The night two became three.
"Feeling better?"
"I hope I live up to your expectations."
"Help yourself to anything you fancy."
"Me. I wanted to get to know you. Earn your trust. Show you how much I care for your father. In the process, I've come to care for you as well."
"I asked what school are you planning to go to when you graduate?"
He walked back around the table and kissed his fiancé on the cheek. Greg opened his eyes a little and smiled. Mycroft whispered,
"I'm sorry. My coworker has a little problem. But don't worry, I'll be happy to help you."
"What's for dinner?"
"I can't ride you."
"Would it be possible to see the one shoulder again?"
"Yes."
"Nice to meet you Mr. Lestrade."
The movie finished. Greg was the only one still awake. Sigyn had fallen asleep in the over sized chair. Mycroft was laying on Greg's shoulder completely asleep.
"Really I'm fi" she couldn't ever finish her sentence. She started throwing up. Greg grabbed her hair and held it away from her face. He rubbed small circles on her back. She stopped throwing up and looked at Greg.
"Would you like some more?"
"Uh. Hm. You... you told me once that you weren't a hero. Um. There were times that I didn't even think you were human. But let me tell you this, you were the best man and the most human... human being that I have ever known, and no one will ever convince me that you told me a lie. And so... there." It was at that moment he walked up to the stone and touched the top, "I was so alone and I owe you so much." He turned to leave, not even making it two feet he turned back, "Please, there's just one more thing. One more thing. One more miracle, Sherlock, for me. Don't be... dead." He nearly squeaked the last word out, "Would you do that, just for me? Just stop it, stop this..." With his head bowed like he was praying he wipes his eyes clear of his hidden tears. Composing himself once again, he straitness up like a perfect soldier, turns on his heals and walks away.
"I bet it goes fast. I like fast things." Greg slid his card, entered his pin and waited for the nieve girl to get a clue. He was definitely not interested.
The day of John and Sherlock's wedding has finally arrived.  Everyone was gathered at a small church just outside of London. Not much decorations was done on the building.
The day is finally here, john and Sherlock's wedding. Will everything go off without a hitch?
"More than ok." She couldn't explain why but hearing him use her nickname made her extremely happy.
"I'm not good at them."
"I'm home. Don't wake up. I'll see you in the morning."
"Greg?"
"A ring? May I see it?"
"Your favorite, Herb-Roasted Salmon and potatoes."
"Not of this planet, ancient, over 1000 if I had to guess, twelfth face, loved and lost, recently, last of your kind, and friends with... John?" The Doctor just became victim of a Sherlock Holmes deduction.
"What daddy and papa talk bout?"
"Moriarty's men need to see me jump, I need to die to save my friends, to save John" the way he spoke it was like a trance over came him quite quickly, then he took a small step forward to stand on the railing, ready to jump.
It worked :]
'Sig, please take a car and meet me outside NSY. -Greg'
Her father's famous black car is waiting directly in front of the station. The driver's door opens before she even reaches the car. A man dressed in all black walks around the car and opens the back passenger's door for her. She smiles and gets in. She learned a long time ago that it was pointless to try to put her own bags in the boot. In no time at all they're driving down the road and King's Cross station is left behind. She hears a ringing and a tv appears next to her. A video chat starts and her father is on the other end.
"Father?" So was the man
Sorry if this one sucks
Her father's house was huge. Some might call it a mansion. It had: at least 12 bedrooms, each with a master bath. A fully stocked kitchen. Multiple offices. An entertainment room. Seven full acres of backyard, complete with horses, and a lake. The house was much to big for just her father. She grabbed her bags and took them to her room. It wasn't much; a queen size bed, a computer desk, dresser, and a big screen tv.
"Excuse me?"
"Uncle John loves you. If he didn't, would he put up with your craziness?"
"You're doing good. Soon, you'll be better than me."
"Because it's fun. Come on sit down, you too Sig."
"So I keep him?" Sherlock looked at John and then back to Rosie.
"Calm down Myc, it's only a game."
"Good night Sigyn. Sleep well." He turned to leave her room and saw Mycroft leaning against her doorway. His arms were crossed and a small smile sat in one of the corner of his mouth. Greg motioned for Mycroft to move. Both men cleared the doorway but stayed in the hall.
"Sherlock, are you ok?" The Doctor walked through the doors just in time to see Sherlock enter a destination date.
We follow someone different around this time.
"Thank you father."
The music changed to a lovely melody. Everyone's attention was drawn to the back of the church. John and Sherlock stood hand in hand. They looked like a perfect match set. They walked down the aisle and stopped just in front of the priest.
"Hold tight!" They ran. The wind sounded like a train whistle as it rushed pass their ears. They ran all the way to Sigyn's favorite meadow. Sigyn jumped off and handed the reins to Rosie.
"THIS GAME IS RIDICULOUS!"
"Well, congratulations! Well done!"
"Man, I thought I liked to run a horse. You put me to shame." Sigyn got down and started brushing Mattie.
"Mine? Why would you need my approval?"
"Oh no! What we do?"
"BYE SIGYN, MAYBE ROSIE WILL SEE YOU NEXT TIME!" Clatter could be heard as a 5 year old nearly tripped down the stairs.
"We have no next step. He's leaving." The last word sounded suspiciously close to a sob.
Mycroft crouched down to his level and removed Sherlock’s foot from his mouth (while managing to hide his utter disgust at the thought); “No, that’s icky…what happened?” he asked again.
“I know; I heard you the first time, lad.” Mycroft felt Sherlock’s legs start to buckle and grasped his elbow to keep him from having a full-blown meltdown right on the sidewalk.
"...My'cobb?"
“I suppose no one wants ice cream anymore?”
The fairy wasn't excited about the travel, but she saw no other choice, other than to be homeless...so, Billy tucked her into his pocket, and the three of them set off in the woods again. 'By the way,' Billy asked. 'What is your name, tiny  fairy?'"
"Ain't that a wedding dress?" Greg handed Mycroft the green dress and went back into the box to pull out a fishtail dress. "It ain't gunna zip."
"Aha! I knew the louse hadn't actually binned them," Greg cheered, pulling a pack of Jammie Dodgers from behind a very large box of pasta. Mycroft would be pissed about the crumbs, but hopefully he'd be too busy eating more than his share to notice.
"We're going to finish cleaning up and snuggle on the sofa. What do you want to watch on telly?"
Mycroft sighed. "I feel the same," he said, reaching into the crib to give Sherlock's upturned bottom a pat. "Let's go, before he actually does sit up and start crying."
"So did you! Counting all the way to ten. That's a big number."
Greg shrugged; "It's fine with me...easier clean up later." Greg helped Sherlock off the changing table.
“Jawnhog.” Sherlock mumbled softly.
Greg playful nipped at Sherlock's fingers as Mycroft slipped out of the bedroom. "Would you like to watch some telly while we relax?"
Jawn turned away from the dark hallway and faced him. "My'coff," he pleaded in his tiny, watery voice, hands clasped in front of him as if he were begging (and in a sense, he was); "I'm star'bing, I rea'yee am!"
Sherlock grunted and took two dramatic steps forward, as if he would have fallen flat on his face otherwise. He stopped and looked over his shoulder, cup still clutched in both hands. “But there aren’t any more!” he whinged.
"Probably, though none that come to mind. I don't make it a habit of hiding things from you." Mycroft rolled his eyes at the huff that came from Greg. "If you'd like to have a solid row about this, can I put the baby to bed first?"
"My'cobb."
Mycroft consulted his watch…five minutes, even. “Is Jawn ready to come back and sit with us?” he asked out loud.
"Nappy."
"Daddy?"
"Good for you, that's my smart boy," John praised. He turned to pick up one of the paper bags. "I've brought a surprise for you too, should we have a cuddle on the sofa and share our surprises?"
"No. But they are very pretty."
"You can run the toaster for me?"
"I think it looks perfect already, sprout."
"F'ree? Why f'ree?"
Jawn looked up and grinned; “It looks like a choc’late mountain!”
These were intense negotiations. Jawn put his hand over the dummy in his mouth, thinking. “Wan’ bo’ff.”
"This will stain whatever it touches."
"Sure you can." Greg stripped down to his boxers and climbed into bed, where Mycroft joined them a minute later. "Go on and try it. Close your eyes."
"Nurs'ry." Sherlock led them out of the bathroom and down the hallway to the nursery. "I ge'd a' wear bee y'ams."
Sherlock's demeanor changed, and he practically glowed under all the praise.
"I carr'ee him."
"Maw'yee soooo p'etty! Mo'bie s'ar!!!!"
“Elmo?” Jawn hiccupped.
"You'll be helping me by opening the cases, muffin."
"That was the loveliest rain I've ever seen." Sherlock smiled brightly at him before shoving the paper valentine into his hands.
"Tur'yll fren'."
“...What on earth do you think you’re doing?”
"I’m going to hold you both to that. Now, let’s get you both dressed, unless you want to go out in just your nappies…DON’T RUN!” he called out, but the two oversized toddlers were halfway back to the bedroom, giggling and trying to trip each other up in order to be first.
Sherlock beamed as Mycroft knelt down next to him to help him pick. "Look, this one has shorter petals on one side..." he said, pointing one of the little white flowers out. "I think making it yellow would take the attention away from that."
Mycroft had poured the baby's pills into his own palm. "Here," he said; "-quickly and then you can scoop the peanut butter."
"Yes, you are."
Sherlock looked down at his cup full of…well, it was more chocolate soup now than ice cream. He picked out another worm with his fingers. “Is’all melted.”
"You should see the gallery I own in Soho."
"I'd have to agree, but we're going to have both tonight." Mycroft popped off the lid and put two pills in his hand. "His cup?"
Greg glared at him from across the room. "Your brother's just joking, muffin," he said flatly.
Greg eyeballed the mess on the baby's tray; "He's gunna need another bath."
He moans softly, arching his neck into the caress of John mouth. As a reward for such presumption John bites down, and Sherlock screams and thrusts into his toy. “That’s right, give Daddy what for.”
Mycroft paused to let Sherlock quack, but the baby was finally asleep, and drooling a bit on Mycroft's shirt.
"I didn't think he was paying that close attention!"
“We need to speak to Ms. Hudson about getting a bigger tub,” Sherlock announced, his toes peaking out from underneath the bubbles.
Sherlock peeked from behind his bunny; "Y'ibs?"
"I could never leave my Sherlock." Greg twisted around and kissed the top of Sherlocks' head. "Grab yourself a bib and go sit down, please."
Greg could swear he heard crickets, where none were before. “Jawn?”
"Awwwwwwwwww...why?!"
Molly and Sherlock went through the rest of the box of jewelry, trading pieces to put on their respective 'doll'.
"Hush. Don't wake the baby."
Sherlock sat on the bed and flipped through the images in the viewfinder portion of his telescope, humming the theme to 'Jake and the Pirates' for a full two minutes before deciding that G'eg might need his help. He scurried down from the bed, his telescope in tow, and went off on his adventure.
“What happened in here?”
"Bring me a dummy, too!" Mycroft shouted in the direction of the stairs. "It won't be for long; just until we get your bum cleaned up."
“I y’am b’ery big righ’ now. You come ba’g an p’yay wi’f us.”
Sherlock pushed himself to his feet and moved tentatively to the side of the crib. The mattress sat higher than his old bed so that there was room for the side to slide down. Sherlock gave the railing a small kick before snatching the jumper off the pillow and backing away from the crib quickly.
Mycroft stared at him. "...You don't know."
"I di' goo' s'eep! D'yeam abou' Bax'er!"
"This is be'dder."
“Not if you can’t behave.” Mycroft tugged on the little doctors coat sleeve until he was in front of them. “Since I need to keep an eye on you.”
"Yeah, that happens. He's probably going to have a rest as well."
Sherlock fidgeted with the cup in his hands and glanced up at Daddy before nodding shyly.
“Little boys who whinge–”
John hummed, checking his pockets for his wallet and keys. "Come on." John said, turning out the door and trotting down the stairs.
"Bedtime."
"Bu'd we won' ha'b cu'bca'ges a'morrow."
"Yes, we'll put them right back. Should'a thought of that when we had them off the first time."
He knows that Sherlock is aware of his gaze now. When he catches John staring at him, his hand pauses mid-stroke. For a second, Sherlock doesn’t know what to do and a beautiful color spreads over his cheeks and down throat. Then he begins again in earnest, teasing John further.
"I c'n y'ick the spoon?"
"Jawn gosta hab a cas'." Sherlock looked after Jawn and Greg as they mounted the three shallow steps to the porch, inching away from Mycroft to follow.
“Thank you.”
“Are you at the beach?” she asked.
John nodded.
Greg’s hand waved at his side, indicating things that he didn’t want to give words to. Oh.
“They sat down on their armchairs,” he said. “The storm must have blown over.”
“I suppose I did. I didn’t want to interfere in his future happiness. People who want children tend to be rather miserable if they can’t have them.”
“That is the most ridiculous thing I’ve ever heard. Please do me the favor of not boring John with your sad excuse for a sense of humor when he gets here. Does he get to come with me on cases or not?”
`````````````````````````
John accused him of being a human shaped cat for how much Sherlock draped himself over him whenever he could. As if John didn’t do the same himself. The face nuzzles were his idea, as was standing still, forehead to forehead, nose to nose, soaking in the pleasant silence of each other’s breaths. And John had been the one to begin the massages, no longer hiding behind the excuse of checking Sherlock’s injured ankle to rub and stroke the healthy one, smiling as Sherlock wiggled his toes in encouragement. Nor was that the only one of Sherlock’s stims that John enjoyed. When Sherlock waved his fingers about while listening to music, John would regard him with a bemused smile on his face. Yet not as if Sherlock were a piece of entertainment or some nutter, like so many idiots did. He watched his fingers with the same joyful curiosity as when Sherlock explained his mental process during a case. As if he were seeing something beautiful that he was privileged to witness.
"Is not mad at you. In fact, I know he'd love nothing more than a cuddle right now." Mycroft turned him around and patted his bum. "Go on."
"Bzzzzz."
"C'moooon," Greg teased. "You could use a little sun where it usually doesn't shine."
“C'eme!” Sherlock demanded, holding a hand out for the nappy creme.
Sherlock grew quiet again, and even Mycroft was leaning his head back with his eyes closed, thinking that the baby had finally gone down for the night, when...
“When he was a bay’bee.”
Sherlock craned his neck to peer into it again, then made a slow, deliberate reach and came out with a miniature bottle of scented bubbles. He held it up for his brother to see and made a small noise around his thumb; “Hm?”
“I wasn’t looking at pornography. I saw it on Sally Donavon’s Tumblr account.” Trying, and failing, to sound huffy.
“You’re starting to sound like my brother.” Mycroft toed off his shoes and stretched out on Sherlock’s other side, then put his arm around Jawn. Now that he was off his feet, he realized how drained he felt, as well. He opened the book and started to read in a low voice.
"I can tell your medicine is working."
"I think," Mycroft started, "I think Jawn is having a hard time and doesn't know what his feelings are. You've done your best by him. The rest isn't up to you."
"Here you go, sprout," Greg sat the piece of cookie in front of Jawn, frowning as he shoved a fist full of it into his mouth. "That's...alarming."
"I did not."
“I thought a stampede was coming up the stairs. But then I realized it was only Sherlock having a strop.” Came a cool mannered voice from the living room.
Molly sucked the soup off her sandwich. Mycroft would bet she'd learn a lot of bad habits from the baby by the time lunch was over.
Sherlock sat and stared at his hand in his lap, noticing a bit of dried frosting along his cuticle.
Sherlock struggles to obey Daddy, but each stroke against his prostrate sends electricity racing up his spine; his still over sensitized skin burns under Daddy's lips.
'Baxter is that you?'
"Muffins are only naked cupcakes."
"Y'ah, Maw'yee s'day wi'f me!" Sherlock babbled happily, and swept her up in a hug.
"Hardly. But we can watch the panda movie, if that's what you really want." Greg kissed his forehead. "Just no bouncing around after. Proper couch potatoes don't bounce."
He heard Greg speak up behind him (much closer than he had been while sitting at the counter--of course, he'd followed Mycroft); "Sherlock--"
"You dro'b 'em???" It was Jawn's turn to sound offended.
Mycroft knelt down in order to help clumsy baby fingers; "Marvelous, thank you."
"Y'adybug din'nah poo on me, ei'ver...on'y My'coff."
"Jawn? Jawn okay? We dinna' bringed his phone. G'eg! Is Jawn?"
"B'ue! I y'ub it!"
"I know you are, dear one. But you're already doing the very important job of pouring."
a muffin."
"G'eg tay'does."
Sherlock took them begrudgingly, swallowing both at once and chugging from his sippy cup. "Ble'g, I ha'de tha'd!"
Finally, Greg took a deep breath in through his nose, and blew it out between his lips slowly. "Okay. You're right. You're always right."
"Yes, I'm sure that's what many baker's told the health department right before being shut down."
Greg heaved a sigh as he snapped the onesie in place and helped lift Jawn down from the changing table...just as the sound of the doorbell rang from downstairs. Greg looked at Mycroft; "Damn, that was quick."
"I've got him and Peanut right here, muffin." Greg held them up to show him. "Just follow your brother and we'll tuck them in with you once we're all settled."
"Oh no! Gravity! Increasing!" Greg groaned, dragging his feet as if wading through molasses.
...And maybe the nappy thing. He'd probably wait until he was on his own again before testing that one out, though.
"They are the best," Greg agreed. "So, maybe...I could reduce their sentence."
"Yea," Greg tucked peanut and Baxter in beside Sherlock, tucking him in snug with his fuzzy blanket. "Tomorrow."
"I c'n hel'b!" Sherlock scrambled to his knees and made to crawl in.
Mycroft unzipped his sleeper and exposed the aptly-described 'urgent' nappy, and tutted...Gregory had been right; it wouldn't have survived not even one more wetting. "You really were sleeping well, weren't you?" he cooed as he popped the tapes. "I'm sorry."
"He's nearly done with his bottle; we just need to be nice...and quiet...and not rile him up anymore before then," Mycroft said, thunking his hand against Sherlock's back.
"There's always so much whinging in this house."
“But–“
, Gregory."
Mycroft felt that ‘green’ feeling lurch against his guts. “Jawn, I said no more.”
“Yes, alright.” Mycroft scooped a bite into his baby brother mouth before getting up to refill Jawn’s plate, holding it in front of himself with only two fingers. "Jawn ate his salad as well?”
"But I'm your brother first, and foremost. And what did Brother tell you both before you came downstairs?"
"My'cobb."
"Those are for after. What do you want first?"
Sherlock glared mutinously at her, rubbing the back of his hand as if she had just cut it wide open.
“Perhaps you can carry it on the way home.” Mycroft wrapped the dummy in a handkerchief and put it in his pocket.
"No! I already was on punishment for that, My! Daddy says I can't get in trouble twice for the same thing!" Sherlock huffed, thrusting the phone at John. "Tell My I can't be in trouble for that anymore, Daddy!"
Sherlock stared at the table, fiddling with the twist tie that had held his new camera in its box.
"Can Uncle Greg put you down to change your bum, hm?" Greg covered his cheek and the side of his head in soft kisses as he carried him back to the bedroom.
"...Muffin? What're you doing down here all by yourself, little man?"
"You'll be in bed by then, munchkin."
Greg knelt down and began to gently try and wipe the grass clippings off Sherlocks bits. It wasn't really working, unfortunately, but he was loathe to admit that Mycroft may have been right all along.
"Here. Take your medicine and we'll go upstairs."
"Alright you," John pushed him off his lap gently. "Takeaway for dinner. You were good today, you pick."
Sherlock huffed but allowed himself to be pulled up off the sofa.
Jawn skittered after Mycroft down the hall and bumped his nose on the taller man’s back when he stopped abruptly in the doorway of the kitchen.
"Tattle tale."
"Wha'f you taked one med'cine, had lots of bis'sit and then taked other med'cine."
"No, I mean, he said 'no' about the cupcakes, muffin." Greg retrieved a bowl from one of the top cabinets, and dumped Sherlock's leftover pasta into it.
“Thank you. Can you put on your own?”
Sherlock whinged around his thumb and waggled his flannel at Mycroft; “Diff'ren' job? I wan’ do bubba's.”
', startling everyone for a moment. "We were gonna wake you up after a quick bite," Greg said, retrieving the butter from the fridge as he put the blueberries back.
"GREGORY!"
“Shar'b tooth’s are very good dinosaurs.”
"I'm glad you like them. Maybe we can get you a pair."
"Applesauce!"
Mycroft gave a quiet laugh; "You're starting to catch on quickly."
The corner of Sherlocks' lip quirked up. "Meanie," he said.
"Bu'd I'm no'd a bay'bee."
When it was obvious that he was not going to pry the glass from John's hands he backed off. Collecting the rest of his experiments, he slid them close to him so he could wrap his arms protectively around his precious 'chemicals.' "Touching unmarked chemicals is dangerous; it’s the first rule of experimentation Daddy."
"Something like that. What's the name of the piggy friend?"
"Haaaapppy Birthdaaaaay tooo yooouuu!!!"
"There once was a little boy," Mycroft began in hushed tones; "that had a pet bunny. And he loved his bunny very, very much, and his bunny loved him just the same. But, the bunny...what do you imagine the bunny's name was? That's a part of the story that I can't seem to remember."
“He’s in the backyard, Gregory," Mycroft called back.
'Use chain next time.' Sally put her chin in her hands and looked around. 'There's something moving over there.'
Greg popped the styrofoam lid off of Sherlock's noodles and set the bottom half down. "You still want sauce, muffin?"
"Olives?"
" 'No', what?" Mycroft sighed.
“Oh God," Mycroft groaned quietly. "Not again."
"No fank'oo. Nee's gra'by."
"Just because both of you have your minds constantly in the gutter..." Mycroft sniffed and got up to dump the rest of his dinner in the trash.
Jawn looked over at the little detective, who was desperately trying to sit up and stay awake, but was fighting a losing battle. “…No,” he finally agreed, sounding rather sulky.
"I should have made you wash your hands before we started."
"Next time. Did you know Gregory also loves Daisies? We can make them different colors with food coloring."
...Still silence, save for the now-agitated pair of roosting Grackles that lived in the tree.
"You arsehole."
"It is the rules, you're right. I'm holding the railing and onto Mycroft. I think I'm safe."
"Y-y'ah." Sherlock walked back into the bedroom, where Jawn was still wailing. "What I do?!" he asked Greg frantically.
“Fingers?” Jawn asked, glancing between Mycroft and his plate.
“Yes, of course. Good boys earn rewards.” Mycroft ran an affectionate hand through Jawn’s short hair. “Can you show me the ‘prize bucket’?”
"He'll be back soon, honest. I want him here in bed with us too. So if he's not back in half an hour I'll go fetch him myself. Deal?" Greg stuck out his pinky.
"I think what's just happened counts as trying to manipulate Daddy."
“Biscuit!” Sherlock demanded imperiously, but a cocked eyebrow from Mycroft had him shuffling in place. “Wasn’t hiding.”
"Biscuits later, Gregory." Stripped down to his pants, Mycroft felt too tired to put on pajamas so he came back to bed and crawled in next to Sherlock.
The first stroke hurts more than he remembers it could, the breath forced from his lungs as he tries to lean up.
“No, I thought not. Come here now.”
“No, Daddy. I would never hurt Mrs. Hudson.”
"Awwww, I wanna p'yay now." Sherlock grunted when Mycroft put his dummy in his mouth.
Sherlock nodded again.
“It’s especially distressing as we discussed why staying put was a safety precaution on the walk home…”
Mycroft shrugged. Perhaps not, but the results were usually in their favor so…
Mycroft lifted the cushion next him on the sofa. “Well, that’s repulsive,” he said, staring at an upended piece of toast. “When you’re both Big again, we are going to discuss cleanliness, in depth.” He put the cushion back in place, leaving the toast.
"You found bugs in our garden? I thought Mycroft would have had them outlawed." Greg helped Sherlock 'hop' off the last step, and they continued into the kitchen.
“Unless you strike someone with it, you can hold it the entire time…and no more opening it indoors; it could tear, and I would be very, very upset.”
"Not with the way he turns over."
"Yeah, I didn't think so, but it was worth a shot...did you see that Peep is still on?"
Greg snorted. "And how," he said, dryly.
"I will be absolutely careful not to pinch your toes. Here, put your foot in and push as hard as you can...without kicking ol' Greg over."
"You know exactly what I'm talking about!" Mycroft wagged a finger at him, but most of his focus was still half buried in the junk drawer, so Sherlock didn't worry.
“Sor’ree.”
“You each get to pick one flavour for one cone,” he reminded them as they tumbled over each other to get to the big glass display case at the counter.
She quickly changed back into her 'grown-up' clothes just as Greg came back with a full baby bottle and Sherlock's pills in one hand. "Awww, what's the matter, muffin?" he asked, taking in Sherlock's teary face.
"Ssssssss'obbbbbb'id," he wailed, wiggling ineffectually in Greg's arms.
"That helps me exactly not at all." Mycroft peered around and discovered the bottle on his bedside table.
After cleaning him up a bit and letting him compose himself, Mycroft led Sherlock into the kitchen, where a mighty-guilty-looking blond-headed boy sat staring at his food.
“But I wan’ seeeeeee!” Sherlock whinged, and kept sinking down further into the floor.
"Tha'd say 'Weh'cum Home'?"
“Shh-sh-sh, of course I mean it, I promised didn’t I? Just hold off until we get home, it won’t be long!” Mycroft looked around for Jawn, trying not to appear as desperate as he felt. “Jawn, are you ready?”
Greg gave him another turn and painstakingly walked out into the hall, unable to move his legs much above the knee.
"Mycroft nodded. "Thankfully," he said, and held a bite of brisket to Sherlock's lips with his fork which, surprisingly enough, the baby ate. "Very, very good! Good boy!"
"How I ma'ge music, G'eg?" Sherlock asked, kneeling next to the bed and turning over one of his little bug friends over in his hand, looking for a button.
Sherlock wilted a bit, just like the tiny flowers he held. "I wan'ned go, too."
"What?!" Mycroft nearly choked on his food, and so did Greg...but for a completely different reason.
“Do you want to wear those ones or different ones?”
"Bu'd I'm no'd tiiiiiiiirrrrredddd," Sherlock sat up and whinged.
Sherlock blinked at Mycroft, then closed his eyes (just as he said), took his thumb out of his mouth and folded it into his fist...then blew his candle out.
"Damn k'ik!" Jawn hooted, a huge grin on his face.
"Yes, that’s right, dummy…and you know what? If you can walk all the way to Baker Street without throwing a fit, I’ll give him back. Can you do that?”
“I see!”
“Little. Boy." Mycroft punctuated each word with another swat as he carefully made his way back down the stairs. “You are about to learn where your “Da’” learned all his meanest techniques.”
Sherlock snuggled in at his brother's side. "C'n I pick?"
"Y'ah, ou'd...wan' ou'd."
“Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha,” Sherlock said dryly, glaring at his brother’s back and patting Jawn’s backside.
"G'eg no'd wa'ss mo'bie?"
Sherlock had just devised a brilliant retort when Grammy’s apron began to make the most heinous chiming.
Jawn aimed his duck, glancing between it and the sink repeatedly; the tip of his tongue between his teeth. Jawn’s duck splashed out of the tub, bouncing off the faucet and flying most of the way back to the tub.
"Gi'b G'eg a ba'ff?"
!” Mycroft hissed as he dropped several heavy swats on the backs on Jawns thighs.
“And Jawn’s net, yes,” Mycroft replied as he vigorously rubbed Jawn’s hair dry, along with a chorus of irritable squeaks and squawks coming from underneath the towel. “Good boy.”
"I'll be fast, muffin. Remember bathtime last night? You did soooooooo well and let Mycroft wash your hair without any fuss, just like a big boy!"
Mycroft rolled his eyes and was about to go into a very long list of reasons about why that particular answer was the wrongest the little doctor had ever been, when Jawn’s angry voice interrupted his thoughts:
"Ah, so you do follow rules," John pointed out, raising a challenging eyebrow.
"Nu-uh."
"I can't keep hiding in my headspace."
"...Maybe."
“Must you two turn everything into a competition?”
Sherlock blinked up at him and stuck his thumb in his mouth; " 'pank G'eg?"
Jawn squeaked and dropped to his knees, crawling across the floor. At the first bit of lettuce, he carefully spread out his flannel, put the bit of lettuce on the center of it, and then dragged the flannel along beside him as he scurried to the next bit.
"My'cobb no'd wor'g?"
the knife."
"W-wan' D-da', d-da'yee."
"Clever." Mycroft grinned from beneath his hat.
"You'll just have to bite a pillow, dearest," Mycroft grinned as Greg's blush deepened.
Greg nodded and pulled out his phone and rang for delivery.
“Sorry Mycroft, apparently all we have is sugar.”
“Po’bcorm!” Sherlock gasped, his sippy cup making a low whistle as it sucked in air.
"We don't have to make any decisions tonight."
"Yeeeeeeees, we can
"Yes, like a little hermit crab who stays in his shell." Mycroft walked over to the changing table and searched for the tube of nappy cream.
"Wait your turn."
Molly's eyes bugged a bit and she glanced at Mycroft, who gave a shrug. "There are few topics off limits when he's small."
Jawn was quiet for a moment, “’m swee’d?”
Mycroft stopped in mid-stride, and looked at his little brother with a mixed expression of incredulity and bemusement.
"I'm b'ery hung'ree."
Greg appeared in the entrance way, another full cup of coffee in his hands. "Is'e dirty?" he asked.
"Shh-sh-sh...c'mere, muffin," Greg said as he sat up, eyes still closed. He wrapped his arm around the baby and pulled him close, his hand rubbing up and down his back. "We'll watch it from the beginning again tomorrow, sweetheart...Greg promises."
Jawn just sighed. "Go ah'seep, Sher'yock."
Mycroft looked ready to argue, but followed Greg reluctantly toward the house.
Molly nodded sagely. "Tha's why I don' y'ike pig'shurs."
"Is it organic?"
“What? Hang on.”
Greg stayed for a week before returning to Susan, but he slept on the sofa, not their bed. He would have been much more comfortable in Mycroft’s guest room, but it wasn’t Mycroft’s place to point this out. They tried couple’s counseling for three months. Then Susan cheated again, once more with her tennis instructor, whom she claimed to not have seen again since the last incident. She was the one to leave their house that time. Mycroft was both glad and regretful of it. She was the party at fault. Of course she should be the one to go. But it also meant that Greg had no need to stay at Mycroft’s house again, which was regrettable.
, he begged himself.
“Well, there are always things in every relationship. If you’re asking if I have complaints again, no. I can’t think of anything right now.”
“Of course I was. You’re not a selkie. They don’t exist.”
“Keeping mum so that I’ll keep talking and confess to all my worries.”
“Why did you show Sherlock your true nature?”
Sherlock shrugged.
Oh, for…
“It is for me.”
Of course, Mycroft had needed to verify that this Detective Lestrade was treating Sherlock well and not mocking him like so many others did, even while making use of his aid. Mycroft wouldn’t have Sherlock taken advantage of. No matter how often Sherlock dismissed people making fun of him, claiming that he didn’t care, that he just ignored them, Mycroft could see that it hurt him. So he had Greg brought to him, discreetly, for a private interview. Greg preferred to refer to it as “kidnapping”, even after losing his rancor over it once he got to know Mycroft better. Perhaps it had been that. Technically.
“Okay. But if you’re uncomfortable, you tell me, okay?”
“Okay,” he said. “Do you mind if I change in your room? The loo is a little cramped.”
“Why guitar? Why that instrument in particular?”
“There is.”
“I’ll have to. He already met John.”
“I trust you have a car waiting for me downstairs, else you wouldn’t have let him text me. I’m going to go fetch him, and he will be leaving with me.”
“You will always have us, John Holmes,” Sherlock said.
Greg frowned at him.
“But it’s not. Only technically. It’s not like... I thought that only applied to Mycroft.”
“There has to be more than that.”
Was he? Sherlock touched his face, wincing as he poked the wound. Huh. Yes, that was certainly blood. Of course it was. That bastard had hit him on the head. The one lying dead over there. He really was dead, wasn’t he? The attack had happened. Something had pushed him off Sherlock and killed him. Sherlock grabbed the John’s left arm. It was solid, skin cool and wet from the water, but with the warmth of tangible life. Sherlock could see, hear, feel, and smell him, a specific scent of sweat that wasn’t coming from Sherlock. Should he lick him to confirm that he could taste him, too? No, that might be too much. The man seemed real enough, and would protest the intrusion.
“Is this alright?”
“It helps,” Greg continued.
“I think so, yes. If John was offering me comfort, why would I have rejected it? Especially with my lack of prospects.”
“Just so I can listen to music?”
“Sherlock, I’m really sorry,” Greg said. “We should have told you. Or I should have told you even if Mycroft didn’t want to. It’s just… you two don’t get along and I didn’t want it to affect how we work together.”
“Thanks,” Sherlock mumbled, hurrying into the building.
“Okay. I think I should go now. Sorry for being so abrupt. And sorry for saying sorry. You know what. I’m English. If I stop saying sorry, that means I’m dead, so just deal with it.”
“You don’t want to tell them?”
Sherlock scrunched up his face.
“That tends to annoy people.”
Mycroft felt the cliff tremble under feet, his toes dipping past the edge into the abyss. He swallowed, shaking his head.
“Not likely.”
“Never mind. I’ll figure it out when I get back. No, I don’t know when that will be, especially not now.”
“Alright,” he said. “I’ll back off.”
Sherlock let go of John’s hand and pulled out his phone.
“What are you talking about?” Mycroft asked. “What is Greg saying? Oh.”
Sherlock nodded, digging into the last of his chicken with extra gusto.
“I know better than to try to get you to stay with me again. Besides, it has no effect on your behavior. If the worst you’re being tempted by is nicotine, I have nothing to worry about.”
“I don’t want to just assume,” Greg said, half meeting Sherlock’s eyes.
Sherlock smiled.
“You can’t be a selkie. They don’t exist.”
“There are also some eyes on the table,” Sherlock said, scratching behind his ear as John’s eyes opened wide in mute horror.
“You know, you never asked me why I told Sherlock.”
“I can’t tell you yet. It’s a surprise. I can’t promise when it will be finished. I did a large chunk last night, but it’s nowhere near ready.”
“I’ve missed seeing you this excited for a transformation,” he said, smiling fondly.
He closed his eyes and leaned down. John was a quite a bit shorter than him, so John had to tug him down a bit further before their faces connected in feather light touches. Sherlock followed John’s lead, feeling rather like a cat marking its territory with its scent glands. Was this what this gesture was meant to convey? To show everyone that they were friends, so woe betide anyone who dared come between them? Warmth pooled in Sherlock’s belly. His ankle ached, but he hadn’t felt this good in years, not even in the midst of elation at solving a difficult case.
“Yes. Go on.”
Sherlock’s hands squeezed together. Right. This was it. There was nothing to worry about. Greg wasn’t even straight himself, not that he’d ever been open about it, but it was obvious enough from how he didn’t discriminate in his ogling, even though he thought that he was doing a good job of dissembling with his colleagues. Greg sat down on the sofa beside him, not super close, but enough that Sherlock could see him leaning toward him from the corner of his eye.
“Not like that. Why must everyone always take things the wrong way? As a friend. I like you as a friend. We are friends, aren’t we?”
Marge, Mrs. Hudson’s sister, was much easier to get along with than Mycroft from what Sherlock heard, but the sisters did have their rows on occasion.
“Tit for tat.”
Greg’s family, on the other hand, was very close. He was an only child but had lots of cousins, so he had never suffered the travails of a lonely childhood. Mycroft envied that sometimes. Moreover, coming out to his parents had hardly been necessary. His mum was bi, so they had accepted him readily. That was the story that Greg had told him years ago. Now he knew more. Werewolf culture, just like selkie culture, wasn’t stuck in the heteronormative trap human ones tended to be in. Greg had never had to hide his desires from his family or fear their disdain.
Sherlock pulled at his clothes, yanking back the layers to expose a crimson spot soaking his shirt. It wasn’t too large, certainly not lethal, and it only stung, not wracked him in agony.
Sherlock hesitated, eyes narrowing, processing everything the selkie, John, had said, brain struggling to keep up. What sort of morality did selkies have? What did killing mean for them? Was it murder or just something that happened on occasion without repercussions?
Sherlock sighed, kicking himself.
“So you think you’re smarter than me?”
The next day was as unbearably long as the last. John would pick him up after work, but Sherlock was stuck on his own until then in a bland hotel room without having the mercy of soothing his restless jitters by taking a walk on the cliffs, which was half the reason why he’d taken this case in the first place. His injured ankle allowed some weight to be placed on it, but only for very limited, necessary increments like going to the bathroom or getting himself from the bed to the desk. He kept watching the most relevant bits of Blue Planet, then continued with Blue Planet II and the ocean episodes of Planet Earth. In the meantime, he looked up more legends on his phone and texted John a barrage of questions about everything he was reading and seeing. John sent a frustratingly tiny amount of replies, most of which were basically, “I’m busy, I’ll tell you tonight”, as if that wretchedly eternal wait could possibly be acceptable. This was the most extraordinary event that had ever happened to Sherlock and he was supposed to wait? For fuck’s sake. John had been the one who insisted on letting Sherlock in on his secret in the most spectacular way possible. How did that not merit ditching work until every one of Sherlock’s questions was satisfied?
“Please. You really think I’d be that petty?”
John floundered for a moment, looking amusingly put upon.
Oh God. It couldn’t be. It just couldn’t be. It had to be a trick. It had to! But there was no way for the man to have vanished only to be replaced by a seal. No way to make such a sudden switch. The seal wiggled toward him. Sherlock yelled, scrambling off the sofa to get away, but his injured ankle seized and he crashed to the floor, crying out. The seal was on him in a flash, grasping him with a strong flipper. Four senses were engaged now, all telling him that a heavy, sleek, smelly seal was on him, a seal that was grunting at him with smug satisfaction, if that was even possible for a seal to do. It was real. No hallucination. This seal was one hundred percent real.
That was the wrong thing to say, given how the temperature in the room seemed to plummet along with Greg’s face.
“I understand. You need time.”
“I don’t want to put you out and make you leave your mother’s house early,” Mycroft said.
John flashed an eager smile at him.
“I’m aware.”
“It will soon be here,” John said, kissing Sherlock’s scrunched brow. “You just have to be a little patient, okay?”
“Fair enough.”
“A flowery meadow?”
Perhaps rebuffed was too strong a word. It wouldn’t be the first time that Greg had chosen Sherlock’s company over his own, although those instances usually involved a dead body. None applied in this case, although the subject of this particular meeting was of even greater import to Sherlock, so Mycroft shouldn’t be surprised that Greg was taking his time. He had, however, been very surprised to receive Sherlock’s angry phone call. Why would Greg tell him about their previous liaisons now? Had it been an accidental slip up? Unlikely. Greg was much too cautious for that. A deliberate choice, then. But why? And he wouldn’t do so without consulting Mycroft. Neither alternative made sense, yet it had to be one of the two. John’s visit must be connected somehow. The timing couldn’t be a coincidence, but again, what was the connection?
