Curiously enough, his plan for tonight came from a passing remark Charlie had made and the thought immediately gripped him and the more he played it out, the more appealing it sounded, so he was all set for tonight.
“Uh, they gave us only one chair, Cas. I'll just go grab another one real quick,” but before Dean can head off, body already turned halfway, the Alpha stays him with a hand on his wrist.
It's then that Sam realises the line had gone silent, and he curses at himself for not saying anything back yet, with a thousand responses running through his mind, all a variation of
Castiel can't help but feel satisfied when Dean looks at him with a rather dumbstruck expression, as if he couldn't believe the Alpha had just said such a thing, out in the open when they weren't wrapped up in the heat of the moment.
“Need you, need to taste you Alpha, need you inside,” the words tip out of his mouth, sensual in how hungry he is for his Alpha, driving Castiel to the brink as he ruts up into him, letting out a growl of his own at the delicious request, one he wouldn’t dream of denying his Omega.
And with a heart slamming in his chest for an entirely different reason, Dean walks out, forcing his body not to turn around, knowing he’d find Cas’s ocean blues trailing him as he makes his way down the passageway before turning the corner, making his way to his own sterile, suffocating hotel room.
But Cas seemed to be in an amendable mood and simply smiled, nodding in assent as he looked back out at the ocean, with Dean’s pleased grin being hidden from view as he turned himself slightly to the side, lifting his legs as he leaned his feet up against the wooden railing and slouching down to get more comfortable.
“Just for the record,” Sam says, his hand still resting on Castiel’s arm, “I think you’d be surprised by his response, if you ever decide to tell him.”
Cas nods shortly. There’s a rush of air and suddenly Dean is being offered a seat in a second chair that hadn’t been there before. Cas is already sitting, staring at the water. Dean looks too, and for a moment is disoriented.
“Even if I am,” Cas says, pulling back the hammer, “I’m not known for my steady hands. Would be a shame if something slipped.”
It’s going to take awhile to get accustomed to living without a constant state of warfare. Even in the short time Dean had had between Chuck losing his power and a friggin’ giant ass nail getting the best of him, they’d been hunting.
Maybe Cas is right. Maybe he deserved more time to do his own thing while he was alive. But now he gets to do it here, with Cas by his side. He gets to choose where he settles down, he gets to pester Ellen into hiring him at the roadhouse, even though he technically doesn’t need a job.
i loved diving deeper into endverse and i hope you guys enjoyed going with me!! as always comments and kudos are appreciated :)
“Dean,” he says quietly, his voice sounding about as small as he feels. Dean doesn’t hear him at first, laughing loudly at something Charlie says before elbowing her in the gut. “Dean,” he repeats himself, louder, and catches Dean’s attention.
“This is easily one of the worst apologies I’ve ever heard in my life,” Castiel informs him. Dean laughs, the anxious knot in his stomach loosening slightly at the easiness in Castiel’s voice. “It’s okay. You didn’t mean to overstep. We were doing some pretty serious sharing for a while there, anyway. It got hard to remember that we’re just strangers.” Ouch.
“...one of the biggest civil rights rulings in its history, the Supreme Court has found same-sex marriage to be a constitutional right.”
“The hell are you lookin’ at?” Dean’s voice is rough, his stance defensive. Benny doesn’t say anything. “Sorry I woke you. I’ve still got a couple hours left on my watch.”
“Yeah,” he confirms. The smile that blooms across Castiel’s face makes Dean’s heart stutter. “Can I get my four hours now?” His voice comes out weaker than he intends.
“I’m on the phone,” Dean hears him say loudly, as though talking to someone in a different room. “Yeah! I’ll come in in a few! Sorry,” he mutters, and it’s clearly aimed at Dean. He doesn’t have time to say that it’s okay, because Cas is shouting again. “It’s nobody! Just--yeah. Love you too!”
Dean bites his lip to stop the smile on his face from growing too big, even though no one can see him. The first thing he does is fix the contact.
After that, they really do shower. The world is soft again, their shampoo feels funny in their hair and they take their time massaging it into their scalp before rinsing it out. They skip the conditioner. It’s slowly growing harder to find more and they don’t want to waste it. Dean doesn’t have any in his own shower, and they’ve noticed the careful way he applies it when they’re crowded in Castiel’s shower together. They need it less than him anyway.
“They have to decide whether we deserve basic rights or not. It’s a headscratcher,” Charlie, Castiel’s roommate, pipes up, appearing behind the couch, her eyes already fixed on the television. “Has Barack said anything?”
“Very puffy,” Cas replies. If he can hear a change in Dean he doesn’t mention it, but the air is definitely thicker than it had been. “I should go. Thank you for… attempting to apologize. Goodnight, Dean.”
“Whatever, Cas.” Chuck slows down as Jo talks, frowning at the brake lights in front of him. The entire line is slowing down for something, but they’re not at their destination yet. They come to a complete stop. “Believe what you want. You’re not in a relationship with Dean, you definitely don’t need to talk about that relationship, and he doesn’t have a soft spot for you.”
This feeling, though, Cas is used to. He feels it all the time; when he is fumbling through a video game or tripping over his borrowed feet. When Dean teases him, lighthearted as it usually is. He is embarrassed.
“It was a Croat,” they say quietly, even though it’s unlikely that anyone could’ve missed the view. “He shot a Croat.”
Dean pulls Castiel from his thoughts by resurfacing from his hands and considering him for a long moment.
“Hello?” Dean can’t take sitting still anymore. He hops to his feet and begins to pace around the room.
Sam seems to catch his disapproving gaze before it sets in and he nods, checking the box on the paper and going quiet again. Dean clears his throat, wishing he could cross his arms. After Benny died, with no one around to shove a pill and a glass of water in his hand, he just hasn’t been motivated to take his prescription. He knows that Sam and Charlie talk shit about it when he’s not around, but they don’t understand. The only one who ever understood was Benny. The name--or more likely the memories connected to it--leaves a bad taste in his mouth.
“You know and you didn’t--” Dean breaks off and composes himself long enough to turn his hurt into anger. “What the hell is wrong with you?”
When he gets into his room and sets the drink down, he struggles with his phone in his pocket until it finally pops free. He hasn’t had the heart to look at it until now, and any hope he was fostering that Castiel would’ve texted him is squashed. He has one notification, and it’s from his cousin, Garth. He ignores the text and tosses the phone on the bedside table, but not before turning on his ringer. Just in case.
“Let’s get married,” he suggests. Cas laughs out loud and Dean’s smile turns into a frown. “What’re you laughing for? I just proposed!”
Love makes people stupid. That’s the only explanation he can think of when he wakes up to Dean talking once again the next night, but this time there’s a low voice answering him.
“It’s dangerous to take you with us,” Dean snaps, louder than he’s been all morning. Cas sways a little and tries to determine his tone. Angry? Maybe. Probably. “I can’t—I have to focus when I’m out there, okay? I can't do that when you’re there.”
Nobody in the room talks. Even the nurse, who had been about to read out another name, is frozen in place. Dean swallows thickly and sinks down in his chair, glaring at anyone who is rude enough to be openly staring at him. The general rustle and hum of the room returns slowly, and Sam clears his throat awkwardly.
“Just do it, Sam.” He doesn’t give him a chance to say no. He gives the door one last pleading look, but it remains stubbornly shut. Maybe Castiel took off. But he wouldn’t totally abandon his boyfriend like that, not after how fiercely he defended him from both Dean and his sister. He just doesn’t want to see Dean, it seems. Maybe he’s waiting just on the other side until he’s sure Dean is long gone. Either way, he doesn’t appear before Dean disappears through the doors, following the nurse down the never-ending hallways.
Dean stares at him. When he answers that question, everything becomes real. No more ignoring Sam’s questioning looks. No more telling himself this is a fluke. A fling. When he answers that question, Cas becomes another thing he has to lose.
“Guys,” Charlie half-shouts, pulling their attention to her, and then to the TV as she points at it. The camera is panning over the crowd on the steps of the courthouse and-- “They’re cheering! You guys--they’re cheering! That means--”
Cas huffs, the crease on his forehead deepening. Dean smiles reassuringly, reaching up to hold Castiel’s chin between his thumb and forefinger.
“Nothing,” Dean says after a moment where he seems to make a decision. “Nothing. Sorry. I didn’t think--”
“Dude, this is ridiculous. I’m telling you, you can patch me up at home--” Sam silences him with a look, already writing on the papers.
“Cas. Hey.” He rubs at the back of his neck. There’s a moment of awkward silence, and that’s when Dean realizes that he doesn’t have anything to say. He had been so focused on getting Cas on the phone, he’d never thought of what to talk to him about once it happened. “What’s up?”
“Can’t,” Dean reminds him, gesturing at his broken right arm. He taps his foot a couple of times and looks back up at Sam. They don’t talk about it. They’ve been doing a great job not talking about it. Damn it. “No, Sam. I’m not on any medication right now.”
Dean is smiling. Ear to ear. An absolute shit eating grin. His stomach stops tying itself in a knot. His chest, which he hadn’t even realized was hurting him, loosens considerably.
“Leave it alone,” Mark snaps loudly. Dean raises an unimpressed eyebrow right as Castiel glances around the emergency room, probably embarrassed. They make eye contact, and Castiel stares at back at him. Dean prides himself on not being bashful in the least, but the weight of Castiel’s shockingly blue gaze makes the back of his neck hot. The guy is staring at him, completely unashamed. He doesn’t look angry that Dean has clearly been eavesdropping, just curious. Dean rubs at his neck and looks down, unable to hold eye contact any longer.
The sound spurs the Alpha on, since he all but goes caveman on Dean as he licks and traces the seam of Dean's lips and giving in, Dean opens up for him. Cas doesn't waste a second to deepen the kiss as he explores every inch of the Omega's plush mouth.
“You got it. They're in Studio 3, waiting for you,” Sam said, as he got up preparing to head back out, but not before he was stopped by the sound of Dean asking, “My dad there too?”
Jo crosses her arms and gives Dean an uncharacteristically serious look, “You know it's not a particularly bad thing if you're not the type for taking things casual and wanting a relationship, Winchester. I know everybody says that you have to experience it all before you can honestly know what you want and settle down with anybody and actually take things seriously, that it doesn't have to mean anything if you didn't want it to because in the end it's all just having a bit of fun."
The bathroom was filled with the usual cloying, steamy dampness from the hot shower Dean had just taken. His muscles had started to ache something fierce from all the dance rehearsals he had been doing, then kicking the performances up by a hundred notches for the sake of impressing his audiences and making it a good show for them.
” he was too far gone to care about how much he had been pleading with the man tonight, but by the pleasured rumble that Cas made, he didn’t seem to mind how needy Dean was, even seemed to fucking enjoy scattering his brain with pleasure as much as he was.
As he steps back into the room, Cas hot on his heels as if to argue some more, Dean takes a look at his face and the complicated outfit he still had on and knowing a quick shower would probably be in order seeing as he just slathered on an absurd amount of deodorant after their rehearsal to make it in time for the rest of his appointments.
He had spent years enjoying all he could from this life on his own, but now, as green orbs stared out into the night sky, hearing in the distance the faint sounds of laughter coming down the hall, no doubt some of the other models having decided it was as good a time as any to go down into the city and party together without the weight of impressing potential agencies keeping them from having all the fun in the world, the Omega knew he was tired of being on his own.
It was ironic, but Castiel didn't know what to say, how to respond to the look of understanding flickering in Dean's green, green orbs. He was used to asking those hard-hitting questions, but finding the balance for
Although not in a complete stupor, Dean was unaware enough of his surroundings not to have spotted the stranger in the tan, knee length trench coat, Castiel managing to get a glimpse of him as he walked by the older man, watching on as the singer stumbled along, seeming to be in a daze by the glossed over look in his eyes. His brow furrowed at the possibility of meeting yet another walking cliché of a doped-up singer who fell into the trap of joining the drug and alcohol scene of Hollywood.
Following Dean's direction, Castiel is the first to dip his brush in one of the tins, going for the red paint as he does so. He stands up and moves his arm to the back, ready to throw the liquid with a flick of his wrist as he tries to replicate how the artists in the videos Dean had sent him had done this. But instead of arching in the air and effortlessly landing on the wall, most of the paint ends up flying off behind him and on his shoulder, with only a few drops actually making it onto the wall.
“Thank you,” Cas says simply with a nod of his head as he looks at Dean, the singer having snagged all his attention by the tone of his voice. Cas didn't seem determined to go anywhere else with his statement, an underlying understanding between the two that Dean needed to just get out whatever it was that made him knock on the writers door at this hour.
There was no slow build-up; no careful, cautious exploration and soft gestures leading to more. They had been dancing around each other for what felt like an eternity; this moment prolonged only that much more by Dean’s fears and doubts. And Castiel’s too.
Dean hated that the Beta had exclusively signed off as one of their fashion designers for the upcoming shows and shoots, and worst still, he was one of those hands-on types, never missing a day or night when his clothing went on display and even being at every one of their shoots even though it was necessarily a requirement. He had started to bother Dean much more than the Omega thought he would, right from the moment he had gotten a good up-close look at Cas's mark on his neck during the first few days of shoots when it had still been the deep red-purple colour of a freshly made mark. The look he had directed Dean, his blue eyes, so different from Cas's, being zeroed in on him, had been anything but one showing defeat, instead they had been calculating and cruel. So Dean would be lying if he said he was at all surprised with the Beta's sudden presence at his side, knowing he should've probably taken a ride with some of the other girls who had offered, even as the Omega just wanted some time to himself, the quiet of his own company being much more appealing at that moment.
Before the Omega can go into a full on panic mode, the bedroom door opens up, revealing said Alpha on the other end, standing with a glass of water and what looks to be a pill bottle in either hand, dressed in a pair of cotton track pants and a loose Henley t-shirt, the most causal clothes Dean had ever seen him wear thus far.
It had the effect of Dean’s muscles loosening up as pleasure zinged through him, Cas now three digits deep, working his body over as he scissored him open, teasing the soft, vulnerable skin of his inner thighs between his teeth.
With his annoyed expression still firmly in place, he faces the Alpha, who, to Dean's further annoyance has the gall to look fucking
The instinct to get inside his Omega is impossible to ignore now, but knowing he needed to prep his Omega as much as he could as he gives Dean no time to adjust as he pushes inside his body in one slow hard thrust until he sits deep and heavy inside his mate.
Going to these things were cool and fun at the beginning, when he was still naïve enough to think that they were like every other club parties, just better. But he learned the hard way that the after parties were nothing more than suffering through free-be groping sessions, watching out for his drinks and a competition among his modelling 'friends' to see who could sign off on major deal contracts at the end of the night with the help of being a little too friendly with sponsors.
John was prattling off, speaking as if this was already a sure thing, as if this was something marked in stone, something unavoidable, something that was non-negotiable, something Dean couldn't even first
this was Dean's dream, and I just wanted the best for him, like any single father should want for their children.”
Groaning, he blindly reaches out for the vibrating device on the night-stand, the Alpha's searching hand knocking over something or the other, Sam not bothering to find the energy to give a damn to look at what it is when he hears a crash on the floor.
“No, I don’t want to stop Cas,” he spoke softly as his hand moved of its own accord, laying it on the writer’s jaw, feeling the stubble under his palm and fingertips as he rubbed his the pad of his thumb along Cas’s cheekbone, same as the writer had done.
But sometimes, like right now, he hated how Dean had always put him up on that golden pedestal, it made the fall that much harder to bear. That feeling of shame and embarrassment that he never could stay that golden boy after he had confidently walked out on his brother is what makes it so easy for the lie to stumble out instead, the words tasting bitter on his tongue as he says, “Uhm, I'm not sure right now is a good time, it's mid-terms and everything b-”
Because Dean knew, out of the two options that would allow him to keep the Alpha longer, this one would be it.
“Well then, as I’ve said, Cassie will be a little late,” Hannah repeats as she produces a key out of her pocket, opening up the door to allow the Omega into the office, “but you can stay in here until he’s done if you wish. He usually makes his way back to collect his things, so no need to spoil the surprise.”
The singer had known the words had been cruel and scathing, meant to dig in and hurt as they were intended to do, but the worst of it all, the most fucked-up part, was that even in retrospect Dean couldn't find one single part of himself that wished he could take back what he said, not when it got Sam to just fucking
But there had been no Cas-shaped figure standing in the corner, trying to go unnoticed even though he stood out (how the fuck could he not in that tan-coloured coat covering the usual white shirt and blue tie, amongst the crowd of jeans and t-shirt wearing crew members meandering about).
When Cas looks to them, Dean raises an eye-brow at the tell-tale awkward posture the Alpha's body takes when he's usually embarrassed. Dean has to let out a huff of laughter when he realizes what a pair they made, whereas he went all shy, and flushed tomato red when
Castiel always had the impression that Dean would have been at the center of attention at these kinds of events, he looked like the type who should have had a ton of friends and people fawning all over him. Paying attention to the Omega in the last couple of months, Castiel sensed that the Omega wasn't the type that was particularly happy in enjoying his own company, he was definitely a more people kind of person than the Alpha was at least.
“Sorry, I-I don’t know what came over me,” Castiel tried to explain, a little embarrassed about the entire situation, though too exhausted to give any energy to really process the entire situation, not when his Alpha side had finally managed to rest, though he could still feel that deep ache of mourning in his chest (an ache that had eventually only eased some when Dean took to calling him every night)
All Castiel wanted to do was to go home, back to his quiet apartment, back to the semblance of normalcy he had carved out for himself over the years. But no, now he was here, in a place where he had no one to talk to, no one who knew him, having no place amongst the hustle and bustle of Dean's team and garnering the distinct impression that he was not wanted here, seen as a slimy, opportunistic intruder who wanted to root out and expose every little detail he could get his hands on.
But he was one of the lucky ones, not much of what they had done to him had left any permanent damage. Gabriel had made sure he checked his brother into a hospital so they could run tests and scans when he had brought him to the small, one bedroom apartment he had had in L.A.
Once Dean opened the door, however, he was met with a barrage of people, all encircling him, with one person speaking over the other, as they surrounded and ushered the singer down the corridor. Nobody gave a single fuck as to ask him whether he was feeling okay, or asking what was wrong, not that Dean was expecting it though, he was just another part of their job he supposed, not somebody they should really care about beyond getting a pay check out of him.
Castiel had to ball his fists up this time, nails digging into the soft flesh of his palms to keep from decking Mr. Obnoxious in the fucking mouth at the way he kept reprimanding Dean as if he were a god-damned
Castiel can grudgingly admit that it was a good movie, but he didn't think he found the same appeal to it as the singer obviously did, it just wasn't realistic
PS. Movie mentioned is a 1987 John Hughes film and is one of my absolute favourites, a recent watch with my sister inspired me on how to move ahead with this chapter coz in all honesty I had no idea how to fill in the missing spaces for the upcoming scenes I have mapped out, so I'm pretty darn happy about that.
The Alpha had always looked slightly taken aback whenever Dean mentioned his lack of social life, like he couldn't even fathom the idea that he might have more friends than Dean did, but it was hard making Cas understand any of it when he was reluctant to explain the precise reasons why.
time, he was going to fight for what he wanted. He had already let some other, lesser Alpha, steal the man away, he was not about to let that happen a second time.
This was as far as the directions she had given went, and he realizes then in his excited stupor he hadn’t thought to question what came after.
Dean hadn't been blowing smoke up his ass when he said he was a regular topic of conversation among the models during the times he visited his brother. All of them seemed to be infatuated with the Alpha, bordering on being half obsessed when they found out he wasn't particularly interested in them whenever they had tried to flirt with him on occasion. They thought his playing hard to get and coyness were, in fact, downright hot.
). It's then that Dean realizes, besides the shoes and socks, he's still wearing his clothes he wore last night to the fashion show.
Realizing that the two men were staring at him, with looks expressing equal parts expectation and confusion at his probably strange behaviour, Castiel looks to his brother for a cue, because he had absolutely no clue what had gone on in the few seconds it took for him to take in the sight of the Omega standing in front of him.
Seems the writer failed, and miserably at that, to keep that already tenuous balance he had tried to maintain between the pair. He couldn’t lie to himself anymore, couldn’t hide and pretend that anything and everything between them was just business, him doing his job, the job Dean wanted from him. This was so much bigger than that, and he knew Dean knew that too, probably knew since the moment Castiel had tried kissing him earlier that night, which just added to his confusion about Dean’s own actions and feelings he was making so obvious as the night wore on.
But, he knew today was going to be a clusterfuck and he knew he was going to do something he'd regret if Dean found himself in the writer's space with how messed up everything in his mind was right now.
“No, it's fine, there's just not much to say is all,” Dean responds into his shoulder, deciding there's no harm with answering the Alpha's question.
he had gone from having a pleasant, rosy blush spread across his face to being outright fire engine red from the straight forward question. He scratches the back of his neck and wouldn't look Castiel in the eye as he tried to formulate a response.
Shaking his head and twining their finger together instead of having Dean pull him along, all Castiel can do is reply with a fond, “Silly, Omega,” as he happily follows the green-eyed man to the dressing rooms.
In one of his moments of getting caught up relaying to Dean the current topic being discussed in the modules he lectured, Cas, not even noticing how beet-red Dean had slowly gone at the kind of things the Alpha thought of as normal conversation, he had explained to the Omega that this dynamic, hormonal levels, sexual responses, sudden triggers for going into heat or rut, was a lot different for mated pairs or even pseudo-mated pairs if they spent years together as some refused the option of being claimed. After Cas had relegated to explain how research had shown they seemed to be in a lot more physical and emotional distress when they weren't together for either a heat or rut or for people and couples who wanted children or had difficulties conceiving. And often times, external circumstances also played a role in how Omegas and Alphas experienced their heats or ruts.
The Alpha stares at him curiously, but then heads into the crowd towards the bar area. Dean finds himself watching after the Alpha until he loses sight of him among the throngs of people.
But before he can get up, he sees the older man shaking his head as he turns around and looks ahead at the lighter shades of blue and orange and yellow now brushing the sky, “I don't exactly have monopoly of this space, if anything I should be asking if you want me to go, you seem to have a penchant for not wanting to be around me,” he says with a quirk of one dark eyebrow.
Castiel also tells them about the night at the club, when he felt more in tune with his Alpha side than he ever has before, and how one thing led to another and they ended up back at his place. He mentions the morning after, how
While alarm bells were going off in his head, Dean knowing his eyes probably looked as big as saucers as he stands there and stares at Cas, rethinking his whole plan, the writer simply steps to the side to allow room for Dean to come in. His exterior all cool and suave and detached, not blinking an eye at the singer and instead remains silent.
After going through some terrible managers in the past, Jo was truly a god-send when he found her two years back. Jo was a no-nonsense Alpha and while always managing to look rather refined and sophisticated at seemingly all hours of the day, she wasn’t afraid to get down and dirty when the occasion called for it, not surprising after Dean met her mother and figured out that her usual persona was instead the other way around.
And the singer says as much as he makes his way back inside, going over to the king bed in the centre of the room, knowing Cas would follow, “You’re ditching the trench coat, Cas, you’re gonna be sweating your balls off if you leave in that. And besides, it’ll just ruin the gift I got you.”
He looks to the side and spots the Omega looking out the windshield, brow furrowing in concentration, and all Castiel can think about doing in that moment is kissing the adorable look off his face, but he refrains, knowing if he started anything right now they probably wouldn't make it further than the parking lot tonight. Alternatively, he simply waits patiently until Dean nods his head to himself, apparently happy with the suggestion he comes up with as he tells Castiel, “Yeah, The Roadhouse is a pretty good diner/bar. Haven't been there in a while, but they sell the best burgers in town, although I clearly don't get to enjoy them as much as I would like.”
Castiel was surprised to see Dean looking slightly taken aback in what seemed to be his own disbelief, the singer stumbling out the question,“You-you're actually apologising to me?”
The neon lights competing with the bright pixels coming from the screens of the arcade machines that managed to lend a modicum of brightness to the place, although they both clearly were meant to keep up the gamer aesthetic the owners were clearly going for.
When Castiel turns around, and when eventually Dean does too, he's met with a very angry looking woman who seems to be in her mid-to-late forties, her fist on her hip and even though she was shorter, she seemed to be staring down her nose at Dean nonetheless.
was the one who knew exactly what the Alpha was going through right then, “Seems somebody’s found their true mate, ey,” and he can’t help that mischievous smile from blooming in full as the words carry through the room, Castiel suddenly snapping to attention and nearly spilling some of the warm tea on his pants at his sudden movement.
Cas lets out a faint, indulgent chuckle at his response, “I think I'd be the best judge to know when I have a crush on someone or not, don't you agree?”
Trying to gauge Cas’s reaction though, the writer didn’t look all that bothered when he nodded at the idea, so maybe it was all in his head and he was over-thinking this too much.
was what you got?? God, you two deserve each other, like goddamn oblivious love sick puppies,” she says, the last part more to herself than to Cas, who's still staring down at Dean. But looking at him, Jo can see the obvious affection he has for the Omega, and it doesn't fail to make her secretly smile that she was right about him and more confident in her advice she gave Dean the other day.
The Alpha could say what he wanted, but Dean had known, a long time ago, before he had set his entire life’s goal on making sure his baby brother got to where he wanted to be, that these ivory towers weren’t made for him.
And there, like a homing beaker the Alpha unconsciously zones in on the pile on the couch, spotting the source of that sweet Omegan scent that has intoxicated the Alpha’s mind, body and soul.
“Shit, Dean,” Castiel moaned out this time, lips unable to continue their ministrations upon the singer’s skin as the heat bloomed in him, sending blood rushing to his head as he jerked his body, fucking into Dean’s hand that had him in a looser hold than he preferred, but still sending those tiny electric pulses shooting through his body, which had him shaking, struggling to stop himself from getting off with Dean’s hand alone.
“Wow, that sounds...impressive.” Dean says, cringing at how dumb the words sound coming out of his mouth, but he wasn't lying, he is impressed, it sounded complicated, sure, and to a high school drop-out like Dean, he probably wouldn't be able to understand shit if Cas went into greater detail, but the hint of passion that seeped through in only that little detail the Alpha gave him about his work and the pause he gave at the end, like he was trying to stop himself from going on, made him all the more captivating to the Omega.
true, which I’m not saying it is, I don’t…I don’t know if Dean’s…if he’ll even want to be claimed Gabriel. Things are…they’re just different now, for Alphas, you know that.”
But no sooner that he feels that spark of hope bloom in his chest, the low embers were thwarted by the crushing truth that even if he were starting to feel something that went beyond the physical realm for the Alpha, there was just no way Cas saw him as anything more than a pit stop on his way to finding someone he could actually invest his undivided attention into. Dean was nothing special and never would be, all he had going for him was his looks, but once those faded, which they would down the line, he never had much else to offer anyone, and he already gave Cas pretty much an all access pass to his body, not that he regretted it, but it was depressing to think he had nothing else to bargain with if he ever wanted to proposition Cas for more.
Stepping out of the tub, wrapping a towel around his waist, Dean moved up to the basin, swiping at the condensation clinging to the mirror above until his own reflection was staring back at him through the water streaked area. Looking at himself like this, just him staring at his own murky reflection, Dean often wondered what it was that he hated so much about himself, what it was that made all things Dean Winchester seem so pitiful and tragic and unworthy in his eyes to the point where he couldn't find the strength to save himself anymore.
Castiel didn't even think he was dressed that badly, though he'd already established, with his lack of fashion sense, his opinion probably wasn't worth that much here. He'd consider the suite he was wearing one of the finer ones he owned and wasn't shabby-looking in the least, what with its deep navy colour that he had had tailor made a few months ago with Balthazar's insistence when he found out his best friend owned only regular, store bought ones. At the time Castiel had thought it was an unnecessary expense since there was nothing wrong with the ones he owned, thank you very much. In hind sight, the Alpha was both reluctant to admit that Balt was, in fact, right, and thankful that he had agreed to have it made regardless of what he thought at the time.
He'd seen and written enough stories about celerities like the young man to know that he was certainly not keen on spending more time than he had to with him. Castiel's time spent with Dean Winchester would definitely not be a long-lived one, he'd make sure of it.
Dean let out a surprisingly wanton moan when Castiel nipped slightly at the now swollen flesh of that maddeningly seductive bow-shaped upper-lip, which the older man couldn’t help but focus all his ministrations on, but wanting to explore the wet, slick cavern of his mouth as he allowed his tongue to coax and lick over the singer’s mouth.
He remembered he was for sure at the fashion show last night, the one Cas had said he'd be at, and that the low-level headache he had been experiencing throughout the day had flared up to an all out migraine, the dizziness that sparked with it making him see spots and feeling like he had to puke, with the pain killers Jo had given him doing nothing but adding drowsiness to the mix, instead of helping like they usually did. Thinking back, his face flares up in embarrassment as he recalls telling Jo, repeatedly, that Cas was there and that he couldn't just leave like she had wanted him to do.
The Alpha lifts his head from Dean's, and finally opens his eyes. Dean doesn't even need to hear his response what with how the Alpha is looking at him right now, as if Dean were the only thing in the world at that moment, but it's nice all the same when Cas does reply with, “Yes, my Omega. I liked the song, very much.”
, just what he was. Those words never fit quite right in his mouth anymore, dripping like black acid as those blue eyes went wide, promising he wouldn’t be an Alpha anymore if that was what would make her love him again, as if it were that easy.
With the distracted look in the Omega's eyes at his thoughts, Michael suddenly reaches out and grabs his chin, turning Dean’s head so they were face-to-face again delivering his final words so he can
why Cas wasn't as close as he used to be, feeling abandoned by the blue-eyed angel that had managed to sweep him off his feet. Not being able to comprehend why he couldn't see him or hear his voice almost everyday, something which now seemed impossible since their time-zones and work just clashed with their plans to video call or generally just to speak on the phone with each other. The texts Cas sent him everyday just couldn't compare, even as they made him feel all warm and fuzzy inside, with the Omega more than once being reprimanded like a goddamned child for constantly checking or being on his phone whenever people needed him. It was new and strange, for his body to yearn for a mate he didn't have, and he'd probably ask Cas about the biology behind that when he got the chance, if he was bold enough to even admit to his feelings anyway.
Dean hadn't ever thought he'd be one of those artists, not having been particularly inclined to robustly move about on stage in practised steps to the beat of his songs. When he was younger he had always imagined a more intimate set-up, just him, his instrument of choice and the ears of thousands of people, waiting in anticipation to hear the first soft strum of his guitar or the first note ringing out from the press of a key on his piano.
When Dean leads them in, Castiel is surprised to note that despite its outer-appearance, the place looks really decent, with a bar set up in the middle and various tables and some booths on the outer edges set-up in a U-shape around the small dance floor and stage up front where someone was playing a soothing guitar piece. All in all, it was a good choice and he could definitely see he and Dean visiting this place frequently if given the chance after tonight.
When he wanted to be, Cas could have the dirtiest mouth, the visual the words alone illicits leaves Dean gasping as he's forced to clench every muscle in his body the moment he feels the beginning of slick wanting to flood from his ass, and his body vibrates with a spark of arousal so intense his hands twist in their hold they have on the Alpha.
Clearing his throat, Cas manages to get out, “Well, if you must know, I was thinking about taking you to the movies.”
“That's the last of it,” Dean says as he gets up from his squatted position on the ground where he had busied himself with opening up all the tins of multi-coloured paint he had bought, while Castiel was finishing up with laying the newspaper on the floorboards.
Castiel doesn't mean anything by that last statement, other than the fact that it was true, which to be fair to the Omega he hadn't made his intentions known to begin with, but Dean gives him such a panicked look and he blurts out, “No! That's not why...You don't need to...”
“Thank you, Dean,” is all the Alpha says, praying to the heavens above that Castiel never lost this sweet, enduring Omega who embraced all they were with such open arms it had momentarily shocked her.
Most of all, he wanted to feel the stretch and burn and utter earth-shattering devastation of having Cas inside him. To know Cas was taking his own pleasure, to know that his body was something Cas could want too.
But at least he knew the general social etiquette of at the most thanking someone after they had went out of their way to make sure he wasn’t alone and stuck watching cable TV on his birthday. So he turned to face the singer, intending to do exactly that as he said, “Thank you Dean. You…” the writer paused not knowing what phrase of gratitude he wanted to say, and after a beat he simply went with the most honest response, “You didn’t have to do any of this, but I appreciate all you’ve done for me tonight. As pathetic as it sounds, this was probably the best birthday I’ve had in all my twenty-six years.”
Castiel offers up a small smile and shakes his head at the coy look Dean gives him, shrugging his shoulders as his own smile begins to form. With a mimicked shrug of the writers own shoulder, he responds to Dean's question, the words freely offered, “Falling in love's not in everybody's cards and it's just not part of everyone's dream, Dean. But I've been in a few relationships here and there, enough for me to know that it's probably not meant for somebody like me anyway.”
Dean didn't think he could look directly at that penetrating gaze that was unashamedly locked onto his own, not when he was already as on edge as he was, so looking away he blurts out, “I was thinking about doing a biography, or well you doing a biography. On me, that is.” The words tumbled out stilted and inelegant, Dean unable to stop himself from wringing his hands together in an attempt to redirect his nerves from balling up in his throat, knowing they wouldn't stop until they clogged up his windpipe, chocking him and cutting off his air supply right there in the din of the room.
how he thought she should’ve been, all the love he had in himself, all the love he could possibly create moulded to this image of the woman with golden hair and a soft voice and loving touch.
Though, on a stint that had lasted almost a week of the Alpha not having had gone home besides to get a new change of clothes, Balthazar and Hannah had finally cornered him and questioned him about it, told him he needed to go home, at least for one night since the couch couldn’t be doing him any favours in terms of getting a good night’s rest, not to mention getting some actual home-cooked food into his system since living on microwaved noodles wasn’t sustainable for too long.
The singer looks right at him again, something they both had been doing for a while now, as if they could dissect all the parts of each other, the writers fleeting moments of curiosity beyond the glitz and glam not remotely being unrequited as Dean often found himself thinking about the writer when he wasn't close, maybe even more so when he was.
Looking at Dean's face, he could see two black, almost paint-like stripes drawn on his cheek bones, just below his eyes. Castiel frowns when he sees that they hid the freckles that he knew covered those areas, but looking at how the thickly painted stripes, along with the thick black liner surrounding his eyes seems to just make the green hue of his eyes look even more dramatic and bringing out the little flecks of light brown, the Alpha was completely captivated all the same with the Omega's presense.
Castiel tears his lips away from Dean's when the Omega's arms embrace him, lips and tongue travelling down the skin of his exposed neck instead, and as Cas bites down on the sensitive skin, marking the Omega up once more, Dean cries out as a hot spike of want courses through his body, making him quiver and shake from the contradicting feelings of it all being too much, yet not enough at the same time.
he couldn't fathom a world where the Alpha would bother sticking around longer once he got to see how truly messed up and bland he was.
not really. I remember feeling invisible, not in a ‘nobody’s paying attention to me’ kind of way, but as if I weren’t there anymore, a ghost just drifting aimlessly, an outsider  looking in on this family I was not a part of. It’s why it surprised me so much that day, when she told me we were going out for my fifth birthday, just me and her. I waited for her, at the gate, she said she’d come back. But I just waited and waited and waited until eventually someone else took me away.
But, although he feels the slight tension as the Alpha’s body goes taut below him, with a hand grazing the deep, blood red bite along his neck it just as soon drains from his body, leaving Cas as relaxed as before.
It made Dean wonder at that point how anyone who spent more than an hour with them in the same space could possibly doubt they were related; the hand gestures, the slight higher pitch and speed in their tones when they really got going without a filter and the way their excitement just seemed to beam straight out of them spoke volumes in itself as to how truly similar they were and reflected what Dean knew to be years spent orbiting within each other's spaces.
Thinking he should probably explain where the picture came from since Cas had no clue he even took it, he fiddles with his hands to give him something else to do, thanking all his lucky stars that the room had bad lighting so Cas wouldn’t see his tomato red face at this point, “I might have stalker pic’ed you the other day when you weren’t looking,” he says sheepishly.
Cas unexpectedly kisses the top of his head, and before Dean can react there's a steaming mug being placed in front of his face. He automatically takes the plastic mug the Alpha presented in his own hands and leans in to try and deduce what it is, only for him to moan out at the smell of the rich, chocolatey goodness of the drink.
“Mmm, glad you think so, my Omega,” Cas says as he brings the basket closer. He pulls out what seems to be another blanket, but from what Dean can see in the dim lighting, it looks soft to the touch, unlike the course feel of the blanket beneath them.
The Omega clenches his fists tighter, knowing this time there would be deep, red crescent moon shapes branded into his skin as his nails dug themselves further into his tender flesh, as he hopes the the physical pain would distract him from the pain that slashed through his heart at Michael’s hurtful words. Dean knew he wasn’t the sharpest tool in the shed, heck he barely made it to his high school graduation, let alone ever attending college. Sammy was always the smart one, and his dad had never missed a chance when he was a teenager to remind him that he should focus on things that required less thinking. Dean himself knew that it was never really about his smarts getting him to where he was today. Getting jobs as a model never required him to exactly use his brain all that much when the only important thing was that his body looked good enough to be blasted on the front of thousands of magazines.
The Alpha could tell the Omega was rambling nervously, but he didn't bother to cut him off, not only was he interested to know about Dean's more personal life, but his brain had also halted when Dean said he never brought anyone here before. He couldn't help but feel a tingle of warmth blossom through him at the thought that Dean found him to be different, in a seemingly good way, than any other person he had dated before. But he decided not to comment on this fact for now, the Omega clearly already felt embarrassed enough about how things were going thus far, not that Castiel minded though. It was refreshing to see this side of Dean, somehow giving him a glimpse into his more private life beyond his job.
everything looked, things changed for him, until eventually he left. He just wished, as impossible as it was back then, that he had taken Castiel with him, not waiting and planning until he knew he was ready to look after him too.
But the last thing Dean wanted was to be envious of what Cas had, especially over the bond he shared with his brother since the Omega knew that he was probably one of the most important people in the Alpha's life. And over the years he tried hard not to be so resentful towards other people for what he was lacking or didn't have, as he admittedly had been when he was initially forced into confronting more and more people once his face and name became more commercial.
, Dean thinks to himself, there wasn't really any other reason for his constant presence at what was clearly not the Alpha's scene judging by the way he had always acted like the typical wallflower trying to blend in the background, not that that ever worked for him as the Omega had always seen one or two people try to approach him.
Something about his absence made Dean's stomach lurch, in part due to the worry slowly gnawing away at his insides, thoughts racing through his head of something having had happened to Cas during the night, and another part in anxiousness, which had him questioning why he cared so much about Cas not having been anywhere he could find him today.
He hadn't seen Sammy in a long time and he missed the little dork. He'd been thinking about reaching out to him for a while now, but when he tracked down what his new number was, there was always something that stopped him and eventually the days blended into months, until Dean found that it had been almost three years that he and Sam had had an actual conversation, a realization that hit him harder than anything.
Dean eventually finds the Alpha busy in the kitchen, making what looks to be peanut butter and jam sandwiches, Cas pausing when he sees Dean enter, his eyes roving over Dean's body, as the Omega notes the look of unadulterated lust crossing his face before he drags his eyes away to finish up the sandwiches, placing one plate in front of him, together with a cup of coffee, when the Omega takes a seat on one of the chairs by the counter top.
Castiel would like to think he knew his brother by now, and Gabriel phoning to say he was running as far behind schedule as he said he was, even though they had just confirmed their plans about thirty minutes before Castiel had left the university campus, all spelled out trouble for the Alpha. You wouldn't say it, but Gabriel ran a pretty sight ship, and bordered on being a perfectionist when it came to his work, so there was no way that he wouldn't have known by then that he needed more time with this shoot.
Moving one hand up along his spine until he has a firm grasp on the back of the Omega's neck, Cas moves his head away from where Dean is still scenting along the skin of his throat, forcing Dean's head back for the Alpha to make yet another deep exploration of his mouth with lips, tongue and teeth all working together to drive the Omega wild as the Alpha places him down onto the cool sheets, the Omega basking in the feel of the man's weight as Cas presses him further down into the mattress as he settles his own body above and on Dean.
It doesn't last long, as Dean responds, “You're terrible, you know that?” knowing he lost this round to the Alpha. He turns to look out his window, and even though it's dark out and Castiel can't see his face, he knows that the Omega must be sporting the usual bright flush on his freckled cheeks at the moment, together with the accompanying embarrassed smile on his face that could double as seeming to be coy if Castiel didn't know him any better than that.
Looking up with a disinterested expression at the woman, Castiel just nods his head, eyes beginning to scan the room, the Alpha subconsciously trying to spot his Omega amongst the mass of costumed models and assistants.
“Fuck, okay we really gotta stop, or else I won't be able to walk come morning,” Dean says, breathe still coming in puffy little pants as the Alpha begins to leave trails of kisses down his throat, stopping at the base where his Omega glands are and sucking at that spot, leaving, what Dean knew would be, a deep red-tinged bruise.
“Oh, come on. We both knew you were going to screw up somehow, I mean you've been infatuated with him ever since last spring, and now that that's out of the way, you'll actually use that brilliant head of yours,
him. The worst was that he didn't think Dean even knew what he was doing to him, as if it were simply second nature to creep past his defences so easily.
But it was Dean's mistake in not hiding his distress that first time since Alastair, the snake in the grass that he was, had chomped at the bit, striking at this weakness and exploiting it for all its worth by strategically rearranging his line-ups and personally appointing wardrobe to each model. It being an added bonus to see Dean smooth-skinned, no hint of his Alpha tainting what should've been
Dean was starting to think that the Alpha had a bit of a forward streak to him, and the Omega was also stunned to realize that he didn't quite mind it, at all.
he had for this man. It was there, growing and growing, and growing, almost too much for Castiel to hold back from fucking screaming it out loud so everybody else would know. So
“What do you mean by that?” Castiel scrunches his own face up in confusion, Dean had the uncanny ability to speak circles around him, always one step ahead when Castiel couldn't catch onto his rhythm fast enough.
Cas shakes his head at Dean's guess and states in plainer terms, “No, why do you want to do this, Dean.”
Dean stopped there, not really knowing whether he wanted to dig up memories beyond those sparse few good ones, but he didn’t really have to worry when after a few seconds rolled by Cas spoke up, “I wonder what that’s like.”
“Good. Now he'll be here the day after tomorrow, and we can arrange for him to stay in one of your spare rooms. We should make our guest feel as welcome as possible. I suggest you rest up until then, you look like shit.”
“I’ve got you sweetheart,” Cas assured, shushing him as he moved his head to pay attention to his other nipple, playing with that one for a while longer as the singer kept up the litany of moans and gasps, knowing his voice would be wrecked by morning, which should probably concern him more than it actually was.
But Castiel tries to calm himself down as he stands on the sidelines, it wasn't the writer's place to say or do anything, in fact his job was to do the exact opposite of interfering. Besides it would be rather presumptuous of him, stepping over a line he didn't know whether he could cross just yet where Dean was concerned.
Every movement, every action he made was calculated, this one not being exempt. He needed a minute to figure out why it felt as if he had just lost his advantage to the chess match he had unwillingly and unconsciously been drawn into, even as John had been the one to lose one of his pawns.
It was so strange how they seemed to just click, both their façades coming down, not by much, they were still for all intents and purposes strangers to each other, but the way they flowed, the way they never even hesitated in getting the banter going back and forth took him by surprise. And if Dean believed in any of that cosmic mambo-jumbo, he would've sworn they could've been brothers in another life with the way they settled into each other's spaces.
In what must have been over a year or so, he actually looked like any random early-twenties male. There was a strange sense of relief in that, doubled by the fact that the place they were headed wouldn’t be filled with the bright flickering of cameras in his face, no swarm of people trying to touch him, pushing and shoving at each other to get even a mere glimpse of Dean Winchester so they could spend the rest of their lives telling people they met him in person.
Dean slouches down in his chair and knocks his head against the table, reciting, “Stupid, stupid, stupid...”, as he waits for the sting of rejection and the suspicious burn behind his eyes to go away.
“I know you’ve been having some trouble going unnoticed the way you want, so you don’t have to lurk in the shadows tryna hide all the time, I mean you look uncomfortable around everybody here enough as it is. And if even I’m getting tired of people lookin’ at ya like some circus spectacle, you must be too. So I asked Sam to get the t-shirt for ya, and it’s a golf one, so you can still look all fancy. Well fancy-ish, at least. It’s the same as the rest of the crews’, so you won’t stand out as much and everybody won’t be staring at ya all the time. A few more’s coming in tomorrow, I’ll have someone bring it to your room. I mean, if you want.”
It wasn't anything he hadn't done before, the Omega having spent a longer time being the source of his own consolation and reassurance, rather than getting and seeking them out from others. But this trip just proved time and again how much his Alpha had caused something to shift subconsciously inside of him the moment he started perusing Dean with a determination that the Omega still couldn't fathom was aimed at him. He didn't know what it was, but it left him with this aching need and longing scratching at the surface, like something desperately trying to crawl out and be set free, but he was far too stubborn to yield any ground so easily, suffering and trudging through like he always did, like he was so used to doing.
“So will you?” She asks when the silence stretches on long enough, and her own agitation increasing when she realizes she really has to get out there.
spend his birthday all by himself in this sterile, suffocating hotel room, probably with the writer binge watching whatever shit cable the hotel offered. No fucking way, he couldn’t offer much in the way of friendship, but he could give Cas somewhat of a memorable day, at least he hoped it would be considering the place the employees agreed on for their team building wasn’t quite what Dean thought was Cas’s idea of fun. But it was the only option Dean had where they wouldn’t be bothered with flashes of cameras going off around them and being followed by creepy stalkers all night.
awkward everything was when they sat down at his kitchen table, coffees in both their hands, waiting for Dean's uber to arrive, since he had already ordered one before Castiel woke up.
He was just a little bit enamoured with the thought and a little bit jealous at the person of Dean's clear affection.
He's also the first one to break the silence that hangs between them as he greets, “Hey, Cas. You look good tonight, Alpha.”
Dean had felt so small and insignificant then, looking at John when he had finally woken up in the hospital, his father's face the perfect mask of pure concern in front of the nurse who had been there to check up on him. But Dean knew better than to be fooled by that, because the moment she had left, his dad never hesitated in letting out hushed, scathing words at his son and Dean would forever remember how ashamed he felt, lying there, the burn in his forearms a taunt as to how weak and selfish he had been, the words carrying a faint echo of what John had been saying to him.
“Touché. But I, uh, I just kinda like watching the sunrise, is all. Your turn,” Dean didn't really know what he was doing or why he wanted to know why Cas was up here so badly, but he figured it was just a bout of curiosity, or the chance to actually have a normal conversation with someone without anybody else being around to witness his awful conversational skills. Maybe a bit of both, he guessed.
He was a Star, someone so unbelievably untouchable to mere men like himself, meant only to exist in dreams and fantasies, love and devotion only ever being able to go on unrequited and unrecognized. He was the picture of pure desire and worship and ultimately, unattainability.
The Omega surprises even himself when he suddenly says, “You could still, you know, ask me out,” which doesn't fail in wiping the easy smile off the Alpha's face as he turns his trademark serious, intense stare on Dean to see if the Omega was just adding to the joke or not.
Looking back down, head bowed, all the Alpha can do is nod as he places the phone back down on his night stand in a false visage of calmness, being anything but as all he wants to do is dig out the stash of booze he has hidden in the back of his closet that he thinks Bobby knows nothing about (the Beta having thrown it out the very day Sam started working for him at his salvage yard/repair garage.)
“Hello, Gabe.” Castiel says with a little less enthusiasm as Gabe swings his arm around Castiel's shoulders.
Dean would gladly deal with all that though, if it wasn't for how fucking freezing the water is, all thanks to whichever moron had scheduled this as an ass crack of dawn shoot when the gruelling heat of the sun couldn't yet do its job of warming the water up a bit more. It didn't help that the Omega's temperature ran on the colder side of what was normal, but that he had to look good for the camera, while his teeth were chattering away and his insides were doing their best to shrivel up to conserve whatever heat he had left made for a decidedly horrible day.
Despite the easy way he says this, Castiel can sense the underlying sadness this particular line of memory brings to the Omega, and he knows it must have left its mark on him through the years.
It took both an eternity and no time at all after that incident that the Beta he started looking more closely at the world around him, and after realizing how ugly and
“More like month, I'd say. You been acting all strange and secretive lately. You finally gonna spill?” Charlie quips, not beating around the bush at all. She wasn't a professor like the rest of them as she worked mainly in the technical department of the university. Although she was a few years younger than the rest of them, she managed to worm her way into their little group with barely any effort, which wasn't a surprise really since anybody who's met her would agree that it was pretty hard not to like her bubbly personality and she seemed to like
“My my, aren't we feeling touchy tonight, is it that time already? I might not have a knot, but I could certainly satisfy your cravings if you need any help, slut like you probably can't go two minutes without something filling you up. I'd be more than happy to oblige, my sweet,” the Beta says, slinking up into Dean's personal space before he can step back, running his fingers along the Omega's arm, right before he tears it violently away from the intrusive touch on his bare skin.
Dean didn't know what to do with Cas's compliment, not that he could help the warmth that spread across his face, but ultimately he decides to let it settle under a change of topic, not forgotten but not acknowledged either, since Cas looked slightly uncomfortable with the slip of words, and Dean says, “I've read some of the work you wrote, they're pretty good.”
response, he pierced his brother with his own sharp golden gaze, a trait nobody would have known Castiel inherited from his goofball older brother.
Cas keeps his eyes on the ceiling for a few moments before he eventually looks down at Dean, piercing the Omega with his sharp blue eyes, “Did you know I had a crush on you, before all this?”
They get to a clearing, where Dean is shocked to note the actual size of the garden, the grass stretching out ahead, with a few trees here and there surrounding the area, as tall black polls with glass lamps giving off the same, muted warm lighting to the area. There are also a few hidden vendors on the side, selling a variety of movie-type snacks, but not so much as to be bothersome, with the large theatre screen dominating the entire field.
And Cas, the handsome, brilliant, fucking awkward Alpha that he was, had somehow filled that hole that had been left inside him since John and little Sammy had left him all alone. And being thrust back into this reality had been nothing but a cruel joke.
Dean thought as he tightly curls his hands into fists, feeling the blunt, welcome edge of pain as his nails dig into the palms of his hands, the Omega trying to quail the tell-tale itch forming behind his eyes.
Dean turns his head as Cas walks to the en suite bathroom, getting a perfect view of the broad shoulders and admiring the way the muscles move beneath the skin of his back,
Castiel could feel Dean go completely still, eyes wide as they zeroed in on the man in front of him, body heat slowly merging as they unconsciously stepped closer, while Castiel’s ocean blues couldn’t seem to help but roam over the singer’s naked face, looking so different than it had before; more boyish and youthful without the cover of make-up.
Dean sips at his coffee, not being all that caught off guard by the question but not exactly thrilled at the prospect of having to explain the tragedy that is Dean Winchester either. Although when his eyes unintentionally rove over the Alpha's cool exterior, visage not expectant or demanding an explanation, just curious at best, Dean thinks that maybe, one day, he could have the courage to tell Cas his story, but they weren't there yet, so for now he gives the short answer, “I used to be on some pretty heavy duty heat suppressants when I was younger, and one of the side effects when I could finally get off them a few years ago is the migraines, it doesn't happen all that often anymore though, and definitely not to the extent it did last night. They usually only flare up when I'm close to my heat though.” He didn't mention that he had practically used them from the time he had hit puberty and they were more than just 'heavy duty', they were under-the-counter, cheap black market shit, not that he had known that at the time though.
And as he sat there, alone in the dark dressing room, body shaking from the sobs that started to wrack his body, after having just met hundreds of people who had told him how much they loved him, Dean never felt more unloved and alone in his sorry excuse of a life he was living.
in so long, maybe ever and when Cas moves one of his hands to the back of his neck, pulling him forward so he can place a feather light kiss on his forehead, Dean wishes they were anywhere else but here so he can bask in this moment a little longer without the side-ways looks he knows they're starting to get from the other patrons by now.
“Yeah, he's there. They were just going to do the one track over, but he wanted to do them all instead.”
The Beta had carried that shame with him, and probably would forever, at how he had dealt with that situation, how deep seated her teachings had been as he had still tried to explain how she never hated him, but what other Alphas had done. That she never hated
It was enough of a problem that over the years Naomi had assigned him less and less of the younger pop stars since they tended to not know how to handle his direct attitude very well, with the first few times he was tasked to write an article on one or two of them ending in law suit threats against not only him but the magazine too if they ever published whatever article Castiel was going to write about them after he unintentionally managed to offend their character. Castiel found their actions to be rather dramatic, but he supposed that's what happened when they were surrounded by
a lot lately, and turns out I really like you, Alpha, and I'm willing to give whatever this is between us a shot. So, ask me again, Cas.” Dean says, in a low, sultry voice that the Alpha finds uncontrollably seductive, made even more so when he knows Dean doesn't even realize what he's doing.
When the sweet smell of the Omega's slick arousal hits him, kissing isn't enough for the Alpha anymore. In a flash, Castiel moves until he completely covers Dean's body, hips instinctively grinding down in repeated motions, stimulating them both to the point that they're mewling and growling respectively, panting harshly as Dean spreads his legs to frame the Alpha's hips so he can better slide over the Omega's body.
He sees the Omega rub his hand along the back of his neck, “Yeah, sorry about that, I don't really bring people around here often, shoulda known they woulda cared that I was on a date, bringing someone here an' all, but they're good people though, Jo introduced me to them when I first met her, well except for Ash, I actually knew him back when I was in high school and we were pretty good friends, but then we moved again. It's crazy how we managed to bump into each other so many years later though.”
Turning around, ready to walk on over to the dressing rooms set up in the far side of the studio, the Omega reconsiders and turning back, he grabs Castiel's wrist, dragging him along with him.
“I know, but I wanted to. Anyway, don’t get all your hopes up now, it ain’t that great a gift, didn’t exactly have time to shop or nothing,” cringing at how blasé that must sound, as if he didn’t really
“Dean, you need to get out here! The show was supposed to start thirty minutes ago!” Sam yelled, the urgent sound of his voice definitely not helping matters, but Dean knew he needed to get out there, cancelling the show because of one small panic attack wasn't and would never be an option.
“Cas, you might not know this, but seeing as you're actually dressed like a normal fucking person in front of the rest of them for once, you're like ten times hotter in their eyes, ain't no way I'm leavin' you here by yourself. Unless of course you want to stay out here?” Dean explains as he looks back at the Alpha, raising a challenging eyebrow at Cas, daring him to say anything about his brazen attitude.
It was cliched as hell, but there was just something about knowing that no matter how bad his day was, at least he managed to make it through to another one. That for this short while, he knew he was strong enough to pull through and fought hard enough to see the dawn of another day. Although, after his last little stint, it didn't feel so much like an accomplishment than mere routine, but Dean learned to take any victory he could get and besides he liked the view all the same.
Fuck, he wasn’t going to think about that right now, not when he had his Omega pliant and whimpering below him as he drove into his body.
Castiel gets to Gabe's studio about two hours into the shooting session, and not wanting to intrude since it looks as if the place were hustling and bustling with people doing this and that to get everything wrapped up, the Alpha ends up taking his regular seat on one of the couches Gabe had set up randomly on the sidelines of the studio, with a cursory nod of greeting to his brother when they make eye contact.
If John wanted to play games so fucking badly then he'd see how much John would enjoy not getting a rise out of his opponent like Castiel knew he expected from the writer, his intentions had already been made clear in that fucking self-satisfied smirk and clearly obnoxious statement.
Body pushing up off the couch, too fast and too soon for his sleep-addled brain but not caring as he flings himself at his Alpha, bodies clashing as Castiel takes him into his arms, literally being knocked off his feet as the sudden weight of his Omega tips him off balance sending them both to the carpeted floor.
After stopping them for that short period while perusing Dean, there had been a liberation in not using them, he had felt more himself than he ever did and the sad thing was he hadn't realized he
Alastair liked showing his control and displeasure in vindictive, petty ways, and Dean having chosen someone else, less successful, less wealthy,
“Do tell then,” Dean eventually says when he gets himself together, this time more serious, looking as if he were genuinely intrigued by whatever Castiel's response would be.
But it was, and it felt like fucking bliss. Castiel couldn’t remember the last time sex had made him lose his goddamned mind, if it ever did. Made him batshit crazy with the amount of desire and greed and the need and
complain after spending close to three hours drenched in ice cold water and pretend like you're the hottest thing ever when all you actually are is a stone cold, floundering mess on the inside.” Dean shoots back at her, to which she just rolls her eyes at him in mock exasperation.
He had wanted to drag this out, explore and lick and taste every inch of the younger man, but they both wouldn’t make it, not this first time. His searching hands finally found the bottle of lube he had stashed in one of his suite cases, popping the cap and managing to liberally coat his fingers single handed.
And that was exactly what Sam had done. After dad had left, he went to their shared bedroom and packed what little he had into his duffel bag, not giving a single thought to Dean standing in the doorway looking at the one person he basically lived for, the one person he had thought would always be there no matter what, getting ready to leave him behind.
Castiel sat there listening, and all the while imaging a fourteen year old Dean, hair a lot more blonde, freckles a lot more prominent, skin a lot more paler, turning all shy and fire engine red at the mere sight of the girl he had a crush on. The girl he
Dean takes a moment to survey the crowd before his eyes land directly on Castiel, and in that moment Castiel's heart gives a little beat along with the beginning cords of what sounds like organ notes coming through the speakers. Definitely not what the Alpha had been expecting, but he gets wrapped up in the performance Dean puts on for him all the same as the Omega starts to sing, each word meant just for him he knows, poking and prodding at his heart strings until they were in tune with the Omega's smooth, rich voice coming through the speakers.
Cas turns to him with a raised eyebrow pointed his way at Dean's attempt to have an actual conversation with him, “I could ask you the same question,” he says right back.
That notion makes him ridiculously happy and he can't help but smile widely, despite the situation. He looks back down at Dean, only to discover that the Omega has drifted off during their talk, his breathes coming in soft, shallow puffs, the heat of it radiating through Castiel's clothes so he can feel them right above the area by his heart.
“Don’t be ridiculous Gabriel, those are just old wives’ tales, there has been no long-standing evidence to prove that the concept of true mates even exists.”
Cas settled onto the couch after he had finished moving the dirty dishes to the kitchen, gesturing to the couch next to him when Dean started sinking onto the floor next to him.
“Better to ask than to bring a bad one,” Dean agreed, before he actually thought his answer over. “There isn’t a bad flavor of pie, of course, but if there was.” Eileen nodded, managing to pretend that he’d made sense for a whole ten seconds before her face slipped into a smile.
But now he was here. And he should go, he still had time, but he couldn't. Because he needed- he needed so much. But right now he needed this, and if he left he would still need it, and give it three days and he would be back again, in the same house, the same room, the same position.
"Sorry, did I break you?" Eileen laughed, her eyes soft with what felt like understanding. Dean's instinct was to assume it wasn't, there was no way she could understand, but the thing was… that instinct was wrong. Eileen was also a Sub, and Dean didn't know what her home life was before she met Sam. She very easily
The footsteps got closer and closer, but he didn't get the touch he wanted. Instead, a gravelly voice reached his ears. "Dean?" He sounded hesitant, like he wasn't quite sure where either one of them stood, despite Dean's obvious position.
It had been a while since Dean had met someone new and clicked so quickly. He’d forgotten what it was like. The feeling of rightness as his body, mind, and instincts agreed on one single thing.
"Ummmm," Dean said awkwardly, running his hands on his jeans to try and dry them off. When had he started sweating?
"I'm back Sir," Dean said, lifting his head so that he was back to kneeling instead of leaning against Cas' knee and shaking the last of the fuzziness away and focusing completely on his Dom, on his body language and his words.
He wasn't sure how long he floated for, but next thing he knew Castiel was starting to shift, his hands pulling at Dean's hair gently, just enough for the pinpricks of sensation to ground him back in his body.
"But… Cas is your friend too? Do you not trust him?" Dean was incredibly confused. None of this was making sense. Eileen and Cas got on so well! And now she was questioning how well he was treating Dean?
Castiel started gently running his fingers through Dean's hair. He didn't say anything, just let Dean sit in silence, his presence enough to calm Dean's troubled thoughts and allow him to just float.
"Awesome," Eileen grinned. A strange look passed over her face for a moment, and her smile slowly dropped. Dean didn't even have to ask to know what she was feeling, he'd felt it enough times himself to see the signs before they even started.
"Hey, it's okay," Cas muttered, and it's only then that Dean realized that he'd been making wounded animal noises. "You are going to have to tell me, but not yet. You can tell me later, okay? For now you just need to-" he cut himself off suddenly, his eyes hardening in what Dean knew was definitely anger. He didn't know what he had done, but he had done something wrong.
"Fill two glasses with water, and put them next to the plate," Cas ordered without even looking up from where he was cooking. It looked like some kind of finger food - which Dean had already gathered from the single plate situation - but he couldn't properly see it and he knew better than to try and find out. He didn't need to know anything. Cas was the one in charge, so he was the only one who needed to know what was going on.
"I might have asked Sam which ones to bring," Eileen admitted when Dean expressed his joy at the fillings.
"What did I- Sir?" Dean's voice was shaking, while he slowly rose to his feet, his knees aching and his legs barely able to hold his weight after staying in one position for so long. The fear in Dean's eyes seemed to be enough to knock Cas out of his anger. He still looked angry, but his eyes softened slightly, and he started gently running his hands up and down Dean's arms.
"Stand up boy." His tone was sharp, and Dean didn't miss the fact he was apparently not a sweet boy. But of course he wasn't. He did something wrong.
The stairs. They were creaking. They weren't staying downstairs to work, they were coming up. To their room, to where Dean was. They would see him. It would be okay. He could get what he needed.
"Why do you need to know how to make a pie, anyway?" Dean asked as they started slowly rolling out the pastry, making sure to face Eileen so she could read his lips when he didn't know the sign for something. "homemade can never be beaten, but even I will admit that a store bought one is good enough, and a lot easier. Though don't tell anyone I said that."
It wasn't John's fault, he knew that he was born like this, and that his upbringing didn't change that, and it was more likely his biology changing how he reacted to his dad, rather than the other way round, but he still wondered. If his life was normal, if he had grown up with a mom, and a dad who cared, would he be this messed up? Would he have failed in such an unchangeable way?
"Nghhhh," Dean groaned. His body was jittery, caught in a need to make people happy. He didn't want to be there, he wanted to stay floating, where worldly problems didn't matter, and all that he had to focus on was the warmth of Cas' knee under his cheek.
"There we go," Dean gestured grandly at the oven door where their two pies now rested side by side. "You now know how to bake pie!"
Cas always seemed to know when Dean needed to be left alone with his thoughts, and when he needed to be jolted back into reality. It was his ability to read anyone like a book which made him such a good Dom. No matter who you were, he knew what you needed, and if the very thought of Cas with other Subs hurt Dean, then that was his own problem.
and Dean wished he could find it within himself to get excited about that. Cas needed to go, and if the kiss lingered for longer than it normally did, then that was just because Dean liked kissing his Dom. He wasn't feeling anxious, even if Cas was going to be gone for the entire day, and Dean was going to be home alone.
“He’s gonna be pissed if he finds out we let you come,” Jo points out, not seeming to notice, “so I’m screwed either way.”
“Yeah.” His mind has gone blank. If there is a god up there, he’s not doing Dean any favors today. He doesn’t even know what he wants to say. Sweet Jesus. Maybe if he makes a crackling noise with his mouth he can hang up and pretend they lost signal. Cas clears his throat, waiting patiently. Dean would like, very much, to curl up in a dark hole.
“He doesn’t know what he wants. You hear that, Cas?” Dean turns his face to the sky, as though he thinks he’ll finally get through to the angel if he directs his words to the heavens. “I don’t give a shit what you think you want! I’m takin’ you home with me if I have to fucking drag you.”
“Cas!” Dean calls after him, twisting in his chair and wincing when his arm protests. Cas comes to a stop in front of the automatic doors, which are standing open, waiting for him to go through. He turns around and holds up his arms, very clearly asking ‘what?’ “Where are you going?”
He walks by the kitchen too, and he can see the beer that Sam had snagged from him sitting on the table. He stares at it, chewing on his lip. He could grab it. Nobody would know. It’s just a beer, it barely even counts as alcohol at this point. He wouldn’t even get buzzed from just one. His hand closes around the neck of the bottle before he has even realized that he stepped into the room. It’s still cold.
“Don’t say that,” Cas says sharply, the hand that still rests on Dean’s shoulder tightens. “You deserved to be happy, Dean. You—“ Cas breaks off, looking frustrated. “I am sorry that you didn’t get the chance to write your story.”
“Sorry. We’re moving. Over,” he says. They roll forward and Cas relaxes into their seat, uncocking the gun and staring down at it. They’re pretty sure they were bluffing. Mostly sure, anyway. They wouldn’t have killed him, but a shot to the shoulder? A leg?
“You did not. That was not a proposal. And I’m not marrying you just because the government said we could,” Cas reaches up and runs his hand through Dean’s hand briefly, laughing again at the pout on Dean’s face. “Dean Winchester, we’re not getting married.”
Cas lets out a relief-drunken laugh, grabbing his book and slapping Dean’s arm with it. Glad to be over with the unpleasant storm of emotions that had been brewing inside of him, he feigns nonchalance.
Castiel looks at him for a long moment, at the strong jaw that he’d caught Cas cupping when he was zapped into the future, at the scar above his eyebrow, at the broken curve of his nose.
“Right.” Does he believe them? They can’t tell. Dean clears his throat and rubs at the back of his neck, a habit he never lost through the years.
“You call this peace?” Dean asks, eyes flashing dangerously as he gestures at the ruined joint. Cas guesses that if they could smell it anymore, it would reek. “This isn’t peace, Cas. It’s sedation.”
Cas seems to realize what he’s doing and remembers himself, straightening his back and snapping his gaze up to Dean’s. Dean raises an eyebrow, and he can feel the charm working its way back into his system. He’s falling into what Sam refers to as ‘bar Dean,’ someone he hasn’t been since Benny. He feels the smile growing lazily, without much effort on his part, and he blinks slowly at Cas. Cas’s face scrunches up and he lets out a small laugh.
Cas waves his hand and Dean’s room dissolves, leaving nothing but the calm splashing of the water behind.
“Definitely not,” Jo agrees, mercifully ignoring the rest of their speech. “He doesn’t go easy on anybody.”
Chuck matches Castiel’s glare for a long moment before cursing under his breath and grabbing at the radio.
“Our grace failed. Dean did everything he could, but he had so much more going on, what with Sam being Lucifer’s meatsuit and all. We told him to drop it. That’s right about when we broke our leg.”
It’s that realization that shatters the glass case he had been frozen in, and he rises to his feet. Instantly, Dean grabs him and pulls him into the tightest hug they’ve ever shared. Cas doesn’t struggle or complain about the lack of oxygen, he lets Dean hold him. When he pulls away, Dean captures his face in his hands and kisses the last of his breath away. Dean isn’t usually one for PDA, barely even willing to hold Castiel’s hand during movie nights with their friends, but Charlie’s presence doesn’t seem to bother him today. When they resurface, Dean’s face is wet with tears as well.
“I’m sure he doesn’t know what they’ve decided yet either,” Cas says softly. His voice shakes, giving away his nerves, but the other two don’t seem to notice. They’re bickering about something good-naturedly, but Dean grabs his hand absentmindedly as he gestures with his other. Cas gives it a grateful squeeze.
“I love you,” Cas breathes the second they pull away. “I love you. I love you. I’m coming with you.”
It’s been over a year since Benny died. Over a year since his first relapse. He takes a shaky breath and begins the walk back to his room.
“Uh oh,” it teases. “Little Sammy looks down for the count.” He squirms, but it’s no use. The claws press down harder. The fabric of his shirt tears. Dean grunts in pain, tossing his head back before realizing it probably isn’t the smartest move to bare his neck to the vamp. As he shifts to look the monster dead in the eye, he sees movement behind it. He doesn’t dare let his gaze waver to investigate. “But what about Cassstiel?” It lingers on Cas’s name, like a hiss. “Hm? Where’s your boyfriend, Dean?”
“Fine,” Cas mutters. Chuck gives them an apologetic shrug as he lugs the unlabeled box out of the car. Thoroughly chastised, Cas sits in the car and stares at the back of the drivers headrest, trying to tune out the sound of gunfire.
“Why’d you bail on Dean?” How could you possibly bail on someone who loves you that much? Dean tries to stop him, tries to defend the angel, but Cas just gives him a guilt stricken look. Benny’s own rage in his friend's defense distracts him from the conversation until Dean raises his voice.
Dean winces as somebody runs into his chair, knocking his arm out of the comfortable position he had finally found and causing another jolt of pain to spread up from his elbow to his shoulder. The man mutters an apology, not even glancing at him as he hurries after his companion, who hadn’t stopped to wait for him. Dean, with nothing better to do as he waits for the perpetually annoyed-looking nurse to call his name, watches with mild interest as the man dotes over the other guy’s bloody face.
Cas moves the curtains from their window, which is so grimy it barely makes a difference, and watches Dean’s car pull away. At the back of the line, people are still packing extra weaponry and bandages. Cas weighs their gun in their hand for a moment.
That scares the shit out of him. Another weakness. But isn’t Cas already his weakness? Whether they label it or not? Doesn’t everyone already seem to assume—to know? Why deny himself this one happy thing?
That’s as much of an answer as Castiel gets before Dean is throwing the door open and falling into the chair next to Cas roughly.
“They’re bluffing,” Jo mutters, but they watch her click off the safety on her own gun and tighten her grip.
“Delta 7 requesting an explanation on the shots fired,” Cas says into the radio. “Over,” they add as an afterthought. They haven’t really been on the radio that much before. There’s no response, so Cas presses the button again. “Delta 7 requesting an explanation on the shots fired, over.”
Distraction is what he needs. He knows exactly where to find one, too. He looks back up at Castiel, who is watching Mark walk away with a nurse. Dean surveys the miserable look on his face as he tilts his head until Mark is out of sight. Damn, he’s pretty. Even with a frown on his face and something deeper behind his bright blue eyes, he’s simply pretty. There is no other way to put it.
For a blissful second, they’re not in a sorry excuse for a home, but they’re in the kitchen at Bobby’s. They’re in South Dakota, and Dean is drinking a beer with one hand, rubbing his neck awkwardly with the other. Dean is still kind. Rash, but soft spoken when he can afford it. His little brother is only a room over, and he’s not a meatsuit for the devil. Cas looks away from him. Suddenly, they need something stronger than weed.
Castiel ponders the certainty that he would die in the raid. It’s a suicide mission, and both of them know it. He looks at Cas, but there’s nothing in his gaze that suggests he won’t be following Dean to the ends of the Earth.
“I prayed to you, Cas, every night,” Dean is saying. Benny stops himself from adding ‘and some mornings, too.’
Cas stops him with a hand on his arm, thinking about the tiny body from the morning, about the dried blood that he pretends doesn’t bother him, about the long showers where he scrubs his skin until it’s raw.
“Castiel,” he repeats. Cas frowns. Before he can respond Dean continues, “Winchester. Castiel Winchester.” Then, impossibly, his grin widens. “That’s sexy.”
“No, thank you.” He waits for Sam to stand up and practically rip the credit card from Dean’s outstretched hand before he takes the vacant seat. Almost immediately, Castiel picks up the papers and clicks the pen a few times. “Do you currently wear glasses?” Dean stares at him, eyebrows raised. Castiel looks up, and it takes him a second to realize why Dean isn’t responding. “Right, obviously not.” He smiles, not even a little bit embarrassed, and looks back down at the paper. “Have you ever had surgery?”
His feet slam into solid ground and despite his working grace, the only thing that keeps him from stumbling into the asphalt is Dean’s hand on his arm. Dean. His Dean.
Dean isn’t going to let the angel go now that they’ve found him. He knows that. The angel knows that. So, he doesn’t fight it too much when Dean has him explain the plan to Cas. He knows the guy well enough to know he would never win that battle. But that doesn’t mean he has to like him, has to forgive him for letting Dean suffer for a year. He doesn’t understand how Dean moves past it so quickly, as though he didn’t spend his nights crying and cursing Cas for disappearing on him.
“Huh?” He can practically hear the frown in Dean’s voice. “Oh.” His hands go still. Cas drops his gaze to his feet, hating the warmth of his cheeks and the fit his insides are throwing.
“Couple months,” he mutters, his gut wrenching with the confession. Whereas his face feels like it’s on fire, his stomach feels like ice. He’s overwhelmed with emotions that he doesn’t recognize at all, which frustrates him. Frustration. He knows that one pretty well too. “Before you proposed.”
“No,” Dean mutters, his eyes opening slowly. He blinks in the stale light of the Emergency Room and scratches his leg absentmindedly. Cas is holding the papers out to him and there’s a small smile on his face. A kind smile that makes his eyes crinkle up at the edges and warms Dean from the inside out. Dean takes the papers in his good hand and returns the smile.
“Why aren’t you focused when I’m there?” Cas asks, quieter now. They can have a conversation. It doesn’t have to be an argument every time.
They begin to regret sobering up for the trip. If they’d known all they’d be doing is waiting in the car, they would’ve brought something for the road.
“I’d give anything for you to be here. I’m sorry.” He breaks down again, words lost in breathtaking sobs that barely sound human. Benny rolls over and tries to fall back asleep.
When Cas steps out of the shower Dean is laying on his stomach, head turned to the side so he can stare out the window. He doesn’t react at first to the dip in the bed as Cas lays down, but then there’s a restless sigh and the springs squeak as Cas rolls over.
“I got it,” Cas says. Dean hands them his gun silently, closing his eyes and letting his head fall against the headrest.
“I’ll take a look at it,” Sam mutters, pushing his chair back. Dean stares at Cas, expression unreadable.
Maybe there’s a little bit of angel still in them, or they’re on hyper alert after being sober for longer than they have been in a long time, or it’s just a coincidence, but Cas sees the movement first. They gasp his name, gesturing wildly at the road. Dean slams on the brakes, cranking the wheel hard to the left to avoid the woman in the road.
“It doesn’t look ‘sore.’ It’s at an angle.” he grabs the papers again to the first page, squinting at something. He looks back up at him and sets the papers down for good. “Dean. I’m Castiel, by the way.” I know, Dean wants to say. Castiel seems to know that without Dean needing to say it. “But maybe you already knew that. You were staring at me before.”
“Jo,” Cas says, taking pity on her restlessness, “when was the last time you actually did something fun? Something that someone your age is supposed to do?”
Dean looks at them like he always does nowadays, like he can’t decide whether he feels pitiful or disgusted. And then, to Castiel’s surprise, he steps forward and holds out his hand for the joint. They pass it to him, too high to remember that Dean doesn’t smoke during the day, that he can’t risk being unfocused unless it’s three in the morning and there’s no threat within a hundred square miles.
“What’s up?” Dean’s easy smile slips, replaced by anxiety at the look on Castiel’s face. “Are you okay?”
“Sorry,” Dean mutters, watching the rearview mirror again. Cas doesn’t say anything as he reaches for the radio. “Did I lose anybody? Over.”
“Cas? You’re kinda makin’ me nervous here,” Dean interrupts his thought process. When Cas tries to look at him again, his gaze only makes it to Dean’s hands, where he is twisting the ring once again.
The spell breaks and Cas is muttering something about his sister. Before Dean can respond, he’s standing up and answering the call.
gun loaded,” Cas points out. They sound petulant and immature. Dean shakes his head. “And I know you’re lying. It’s a raid, and I want to come with you.”
“I haven’t gotten away with it yet,” they tell her. “He just doesn’t want to tear me a new one with an audience.”
“Don’t get upset with Chuck and Jo. They didn’t want to bring me. I made them.” Dean doesn’t react. He looks much calmer than he did before. Cas wishes they had a joint. “Pulled my gun and everything.”
Sure, he’s without his little brother for the first time since Sam left for college, but he’d take that over Sam being here. Being dead. Dean makes a mental note to beat the shit out of him if he shows up in anything less than forty years from now.
“Yeah,” Cas says, stilling the hand that was previously skating over Dean’s side. Dean breathes out a laugh, and he’s asleep within minutes.
“Cas,” he says, coming to a stop next to the chair. Cas looks up at him with a sad smile and then he’s on his feet and they’re hugging, holding each other tightly. Dean’s fingers clutch at the fabric of the trench coat he never thought he’d see again, let alone touch.
“You can watch Earth?” Dean says after a long while. Cas nods. “Is that what you were doing when I walked up?” Cas nods again.
If you’re too high to manage to light up again, you’re too high. That’s what Dean told them once, when he found them mindlessly flicking their lighter, not even sure what they’d wanted it for in the first place anymore. Now they heed that advice, not because they give a shit, but because watching their hands shake and fumble still makes Cas taste acid and see red.
“Really?” Cas says distractedly into the phone, still staring at Dean. “That’s awesome, baby.” Dean’s stomach churns. “Listen, I was actually about to hop in the shower. Can I call you back? ...Okay. Yep. I love you too, talk to you later.”
“Cas—” Cas turns on him, stepping away from the door and drawing the attention of the nurse at the front desk, as well as the other people in the waiting room.
That’s when everything fucking explodes. Cas throws their arms over their head and ducks down. They stay down for a long time, waiting for another explosion, but it never comes. Stunned, they shove the door open and stumble onto the hard ground, blinking in the harsh sunlight.
Cas closes his eyes. He feels the minimal grace he has left in him swirling and gathering like a storm cloud, looking for somewhere to go. He pushes it down.
The longer they sit there, the more the constant restlessness in Dean grows. The hunter in him insists that they’ve been static for too long, but every time he shifts and glances around, Cas soothes him back down.
“No,” Cas cuts him off. “No, he needs to live. Or you won’t even make it to this point in his timeline.” Castiel’s fingers fidget. Dean doesn’t yell. He drops his gaze to the table and nods his head a little.
. I mean, sure, we—I guess, we—no. No relationship. Officially. We don’t talk about it.” Their cheeks threaten to go red, so they clear their throat and turn the conversation back to the topic at hand. “He doesn’t go easy on me.”
“You’re threatening me right now?” Chuck says, looking more hurt than scared. Cas feels a little bad. They like Chuck, for the most part. He’s harmless, if not a little doofy.
They’ve never talked about putting a label on it. Maybe Cas has been scared that Dean would get spooked and call the whole thing off. It probably isn’t fair for Dean to refuse to communicate when Cas has enough trouble dealing with simple emotions as it is, but the whole ‘being with a guy’ thing is new to him too.
If Dean recognizes the magnitude behind what he just said, he doesn’t show it. Benny has felt that way before, but never about a friend. He stays up with Dean after that, both of them sitting in silence and watching the sun rise.
They manage to get it reloaded and cocked in a fairly respectable amount of time, but it’s nothing compared to Dean’s speed earlier. They fully unload it again and start over. Outside, they hear the engines on the cars begin to start up.
Somewhere in the real world, where colors don’t swirl with music and Cas isn’t flying, beads jingle and clink together loudly. A floorboard creaks under well worn boots, and someone hovers in the middle of the room.
. Nothing brings them back down to earth like the sound of Dean saying their name. He doesn’t even sound angry. Yet.
“Hannah, hey,” Cas says, pacing back and forth in front of Dean, the napkin still clutched in his hand. Dean sighs, taking another bite of his burger. They had definitely been about to kiss, he’s experienced enough to recognize the vibe when it’s right in front of him. “I’m not sure. He’s been in there forever now, so I think he might be getting stitches.”
Cas is seeing Sam in swirling colors. His soul more than his physical form. It makes him dizzy. Too dizzy to realize that Dean is in the kitchen again and saying something.
“Hello, Dean.” Cas releases him and surveys him closely. “I didn’t expect to see you so soon.” When Dean frowns, confused, Cas continues, “I figured you would visit your parents. Or Jo and Ellen.”
“Just because nobody else ever ignores him doesn’t mean you couldn’t get away with it,” Cas insists stubbornly.
“I said,” Dean draws it out, slow and pronounced, natural belligerence overpowering the nerves now, “you should start going by Winchester.”
“‘s yours,” he says softly. Cas, still staring at him dazedly, doesn’t seem to understand. “Your phone, Cas,” he repeats. Cas shakes his head and digs in his pockets, finally pulling out his phone and staring at the screen.
“I thought maybe you would want to unwind after Winchester undoubtedly tore into you the whole way home,” he says, smiling like he’s been considerate by letting himself in and offering to rescue them. From
Cas hangs up the phone and tosses it on the bed, not taking his eyes off of Dean. His hair is messy; Dean did that. Dean’s hand pushed through the unruly black curls and Dean’s fingers untucked Castiel’s shirt. It’s too much. He turns on his heel and shoves his way out the door.
“I’m going to get this thing straightened out,” he tells him. “Don’t talk to strangers. Also,” he adds, as though it’s an afterthought, “if that guy comes back, give him my number.” Sam rubs at his eyes and sits up in his seat.
“Sure,” Jo allows, shrugging. Cas knows that she’s thinking of Dean, and his strict rules they’re all supposed to follow.
“I mean, you could get away with a little bit more than the rest of us could,” Jo says casually. Cas feels their eyebrows rocket upwards. “And it’s just—nobody wants to put more stress on Dean’s shoulders by fucking around, you know?”
“Very, very close acquaintances.” He catches Cas’s laugh with a kiss, finally, finally slotting their lips together. “Tell me to stop,” he offers, breaking away for a moment. The second between him pulling back and Cas shaking his head feels like torture.
“Do—um, do you want to sleep in mine tonight?” Dean offers. Cas has half a mind to say no. They keep thinking about Chuck and Jo’s slightly condescending agreement that they and Dean aren’t in a relationship. Is that what the rest of the camp thinks, too? But who cares what anyone else thinks?
After a few minutes of driving in silence, Jo turns around as though to size them up. They really like her. She reminds them of Dean when they first met him.
When he returns to the waiting room, his sprained arm in a sling and in a significantly worse mood, Cas is not waiting for him. Sammy, however, is awake and scrolling through his phone. Dean walks over to him gingerly, knocking the phone from his hand with his good arm when Sam doesn’t look up at him.
“It was nothin’. His boyfriends a dick and I stepped over the line by telling him that.” He shrugs, as though he couldn’t care less about the look on Castiel’s face as he walked out the door. Because he doesn’t. He doesn’t care. He doesn’t. “He got his panties in a twist about it, I guess.”
“Dean,” Cas tries again, but he reloads their gun with a snap, practiced hands moving in a blur without having to look down, and it silences them.
“Well, then…Chuck and Jo are better on road trips than you,” Cas replies. “They yell less.” Dean laughs weakly, eyes shifting from the road to the mirror back to Cas. Their gazes catch, and this time Dean forgets to look away.
Dean turns away from the tree before Benny can lay back down, and their eyes meet through the hazy darkness.
“I asked if you’re taking any meds right now.” Sam gestures at the paper, looking a little apprehensive. Dean looks down at his hands and then back at Castiel, who has pulled out his phone. He doesn’t want to answer that. Sam seems to pick up on that. “Or you could just fill it out, I don’t have to--”
Castiel watches from the corner of the room, silent as Dean and Cas speak softly. These two have had seven additional years together compared to him and his Dean, and it shows. Dean leans into Cas’ gentle hand where it rests on his side as they talk, he doesn’t complain about personal space or bitch at Cas about anything. He just nods in agreement at whatever Cas mutters, and turns to Castiel.
“I’m going to run this up to the nurse,” Sam tells them, squinting his eyes suspiciously as Dean nods, distracted by something Cas is saying under his breath. He stomps away without being noticed.
“Right behind you,” Dean says before rolling to the side as he hears the swinging of the weapon. The head of the vampire falls to the ground next to him with a ‘thunk.’ He protests, stumbling to his feet and kicking it as far away as possible.
“What was that?” Cas laughs, a hand coming up to cover his mouth. Dean doesn’t know what to say, instead, he gives in to the laugh that is rising in his own throat. They sit there for a while, laughing together. They draw some attention to themselves from the other people in the room, but they don’t care. In fact, Dean has completely forgotten that there are other people around at all. There’s no telling how long they would’ve sat there, slapping their knees and gasping for breath, because Sam appears in front of them, looking thoroughly nonplussed. Dean wipes at his eyes and takes a few steadying breaths, a couple of final chuckles forcing their way out of him as he looks at his little brother.
“Well—what did you think?” Jo looks at them like they’re crazy. “He’s got a bit of a soft spot for you, Cas. If the whole relationship thing didn’t make that obvious—”
To his surprise, Cas doesn’t bring it up in the car. Or at dinner. Or as the three of them have a drink in the motel bar. By the time they say goodnight and Sam disappears to his room, he’s beginning to wonder if the conversation won’t happen at all. The silence is thick as Dean opens the door to his and Castiel’s room. Someone mentions how cold it is and the other hums in agreement.
“Oh,” Cas says, tipping back in his chair, amusement touching his features. “I’d forgotten. Dean isn’t so kind to you, is he?”
They drive the rest of the way back to camp in silence. Dean and Cas step out in rhythmic unison, years of fighting together matching each of their steps. Cas helps him unload everything from the car, even though their head is starting to pound and they’re itching for a hit.
Here they are, minutes after telling Dean they’d meet him in his room, with a fresh joint and a man pressed up against the wall. They step back immediately, turning their gaze on the man again, who rightfully looks more scared of Dean than them at the moment.
“Naomi sent me here,” Castiel explains. “She wants me to see what the world will become if I continue down the path of rebellion.” Dean and Cas share a look and a silent conversation passes between them. Castiel can’t help but feel envious of the natural intimacy. He’s only seen glimpses of it in his own time, lingering hands and wandering eyes, before Dean shuts down again.
“You’re an asshole. Just let me say what I’m trying to say here.” Dean completely takes the ring off and begins to roll it back and forth along his knuckles without effort. It’s distracting, but Cas spreads his hands in a ‘go ahead’ gesture. “I know that you don’t technically have one. So this shouldn’t be so damn hard for me,” he breaks off, letting out a sharp breath. “And we’re already getting married anyway. It’s not that big of a deal, I guess. I dunno.” Cas stares at him as he talks in a circle, feeling almost as though Dean has forgotten he is there. “I wasn’t going to say anything but then Sam mentioned it and I just hadn’t thought about it all that much…” Dean slips the ring onto his finger again and rubs at the back of his neck.
“If you knew, why did you wait to tell me until we were out of time, Cas? We could’ve—could’ve been together before you died,” Dean chokes on the last word. Cas shakes his head.
Cas tries to bring himself back down to reality, to celebrate this moment with his boyfriend and his best friend, but he can’t. His joy has faded to sour vindictiveness, thinking about every stranger that has glared at them in the street, of family members who would never be invited to the wedding but wouldn’t come even if they were. Then even that fades to triumph. They can get married whenever the hell they want. Just like anybody else.
“I want to get married someday anyway,” he tells him. Spurred on by some invisible force, Cas grips Dean’s hand tighter. “No matter what. No matter what they decide, it doesn’t change that I’m in love with you. We still love each other. No matter what. We’ll just go somewhere else and do it.” Dean frowns slightly, eyes searching his face.
“I’m glad you’re here,” he says. “If I don’t get that job tending that bar, and I don’t get to take Miracle back to that dog park, I’m glad that I get you. If Jack hadn’t pulled you out…” he trails off. “I’m really, really glad that you’re here, Cas.”
“Ah!” Cas watches as Dean jumps to his feet, his hands on the back of his head. “Ah! Oh my god!” Charlie bounds to her feet next, jumping into Dean’s arms to hug him.
Jo and Chuck exchange a look, but Cas stretches their legs out and settles into the seat, setting his gaze on the road. Behind them, people are starting up their engines and calling for Chuck to get moving.
“Aw, hey baby,” he mutters as she roars to life. “Let’s go see Cas.” The car shifts into gear and revs like she‘s as excited as Dean.
“Ouch—Jesus. Just don’t touch it, Castiel,” he grumbles, pushing his hands away. The boy—Castiel—hovers over him anyways, a deep crease in his brow. Dean huffs, shifting in his seat--careful to avoid moving his arm--and rolling his eyes as Castiel brushes a hand through his unruly black hair.
“...total asshole. I don’t know what’s gotten into him.” Cas pauses, clearly listening to something being said on the other side of the line. “No, he isn’t always like this. Hannah—no. You don’t know him.”
In the end, Cas gets the explanation they were looking for. They drive past a crumpled body on the side of the road, sickeningly small but covered in every possible indication of sickness.
“Did you just speak Enochian?” Dean glares at him, eyes narrowing, and damn-if looks could kill. But they can’t, so Cas just bites his tongue.
Dean is looking at him then, with a glint of mischief in his eyes, and Cas sets a hand on his chest to steady them both.
This isn’t the first time they’ve missed a raid; after they broke their leg, they were out for months. Sometimes information comes too last minute and they’re too high to register that the sirens are going off. Those days, all Dean does is poke his head through the beaded curtain before disappearing without saying a word. This
“I swear, we’ve almost found you, Cas. You just hold on for me, okay? I’m coming. I’m going to take you home.”
“I didn’t know until Jack brought me back. Before that, I didn't think you would ever feel that way. But here, I can tune into Earth. I can focus on a person or a place, and watch.” Dean blinks at him. “That sounds creepy,” Cas apologizes. “It’s not, I swear. I would just check in on you, and I saw—I saw enough.” Dean feels his face heat up at what Cas could’ve seen. Maybe Dean standing in the door of the dungeon, staring into the room until Sam came to get him. Or maybe Dean alone in his room, sobbing into Miracle’s fur. “I know, Dean. And it’s okay. You don’t need to have the right words right now. We have all the time in the world.”
If he didn’t know better, if Castiel wasn’t here with his boyfriend, Dean would say that there is definitely a spark here. The air in the room is a little thinner than before, and they’re definitely too close now. Far too close. And Cas isn’t looking at his eyes anymore, because his blue gaze has dropped to Dean’s lips. He can’t help it when they curl into a smile.
The Impala runs smoother than she has in a long time. On Earth, Dean did his best to take care of her, but at a certain point there was nothing he could do about it. Now she purrs like he hasn’t heard in years.
“Yeah, whatever. Y’all were making a scene. What happened to your friend?” Dean changes the subject, half-worried that Castiel will call him out for it. He’s off-puttingly straight forward, and Dean wouldn’t put it past him to call out a stranger. Mercifully, he just raises a single eyebrow and moves on.
“Whatever. Now that you’re up, I’m getting my four.” Dean flops down in the grass and tucks his forearm under his head as a makeshift pillow. “Wake me up if you’re getting attacked or something.” Benny doesn’t dignify that with a response, just flips his blade around in his hand and settles into the spot that Dean left vacant. Dean is asleep, or pretending to be, within minutes. Benny thinks about him telling Cas they would talk again tomorrow and the passing mention of something Dean has explained to Cas before. He must pray to him every night, Benny realizes, or most nights, at the very least.
“For how long?” Dean’s voice is measured. That’s not usually a good thing. Cas cringes, briefly considering flying to Canada and not returning. Maybe he’ll change his name to Geoff and make a living in ice fishing.
The tension snaps. Cas stumbles away and presses a hand to his mouth, eyes wide. The phone continues to ring as they stare at each other. After a moment, Dean pulls his phone out of his pocket. It’s not ringing.
“You think he would’ve let me get away with that?” Jo asks pointedly. Cas stares out the window, digging their nails into the seam of their jeans.
“I’m not going on a raid,” Dean lies, and when Cas looks at him he’s unloading their gun. When did he find that? “Quit sleeping with this loaded, it’s going to go off and kill somebody.”
Sam is smiling, albeit shakily, at the picture he’s holding delicately in his hand. Cas is squinting at the camera, looking a mixture of exasperated and fond in his cowboy hat. Dean took no less than fifteen pictures that day; most of them he gave to Cas, but not this one. The way that Cas was looking at him...he wanted to keep it for himself.
