Then he lifted his long legs over shoulders and with one last look into his eyes pushed in.
He nodded and shoved a few sweaty curls from Sherlock’s forehead and kissed his temple.
Sherlock raised his eyebrows and grabbed Lestrade’s shoulder who flinched in reaction.
“Yes, of course. I just wanted to let you know that I finished my research.”
As soon as he entered it he had a weird feeling. Now he knew that he wasn’t alone and someone was probably watching him. The thought made John shiver.
It was half empty – just a handful of wet tissues and the silhouette of a brownish tampon were resting on the bright green surface of the sack covering the bottom of the bin. Oh, there was also a strange collection of coloured leaves, somehow. And slices of nails all over them.
John frowned and stared at Sherlock, putting all of his willpower into finding a movement.
He took a deep breath and put his finger on the trigger.
Although he knew he couldn’t prevent it, it was still a shock to feel the beginning of his end.
Sherlock needed a moment until he understood what John was meaning.
Then he opened the handcuffs and got water and a cup of tea from John.
He put both on immediately and John had to admit that he looked dashing.
“Oh, Sherlock. I’m so happy that you’re back alive. How do you feel?”
When his features began to sink and so his face disappeared, John screamed internally.
For him, Sherlock was the most fascinating and brilliant living being but above all, he was the most unreachable man in the world.
The Alpha opened his mouth several times but no words came out.
The meeting took several hours but in the end, they all were on the same page.
“John. Go upstairs. I will go downstairs.”
“I love you too.”
Lestrade frowned at the Omega.
It was also…interesting to meet you but if you don’t want to ruin your brother’s birthday any further I would suggest you leave.”
He settled for black jeans, dark pants and a dark blue shirt.
Sherlock sighed defeated and watched as John prepared to go to the police.
Lestrade just narrowed his eyes further until Sherlock sighed.
His whole life passed by in his mind’s eyes and the only scenes that lingered were the ones with John.
“Oh great! Now I’m crying! Are you happy now? I’m crying for the first time for at least twenty-five years! These damn hormones.”
“No, I was just against it because I was afraid that you would change your opinion and then would be stuck with me and would end up hating me. And I… just couldn’t stand that idea of you … looking at me like everyone else always did.”
He had shuddered when he had mentioned his stab wounds, so maybe he didn’t like the thought of what had happened to him.
It showed the man who wasn’t afraid to show emotions.
“Oh, that. At first, I just threw books at the walls and let stuff fall. Later I played scenes from war movies on your laptop.”
“He hasn’t changed a bit. He’s such an…I can’t even say it out loud. But what did I expect? You know what? Whatever! How have you been so far?”
Sherlock couldn’t help but laugh weakly at that.
Sherlock turned to him and stiffened.
The whole time the DI was surprised by Sherlock’s behaviour.
Sherlock looked surprised and John continued.
Sherlock thought he would be enough.
One week later it happened again.
“Yes, I was indeed. I thought that this case would change the way everyone thought about me. I thought that would be my breakthrough and I invented the job, so don’t bother.”
“No! Just no, dad! Rape has nothing to do with someone’s sexuality! I mean, that’s like saying that every woman you see wants to sleep with you because they just can’t help it!”
Which you may give to this lifeless body.
After a while he stood up and went to bed, the gun lying forgotten on the ground.
He froze on the spot and gasped.
Nearly no one believed him that nothing was happening between them.
John crouched down in front of his flatmate thinking while his fingers itched to remove that one rebellious curl that had fallen in front of Sherlock’s eye.
His scar on his back. He just nodded as an answer.
A shiver ran through him at that thought as his phone made him flinch by announcing a text message.
For a moment she looked thoughtful but then she nodded and padded his knee.
Hastily John took his place next to Sherlock and tried to smile at everyone.
“Did you mean it?”
“Useful?!”
He sighed as he noticed that the Alpha was doing the same.
The DizZyDaiSy was a fancy bar, after all.
John took a moment to consider everything and he knew that Sherlock was probably right but as soon as he looked into the ghost’s eyes he knew the decision was made.
“Thank you for telling me all of this. I have a really odd question. How did Sherlock look like?”
John started listening to Sherlock’s chest.
They breathed the same air and Sherlock waited with a wild pounding heart until John closed the gap.
It was just a second.
John couldn’t help but grin a bit.
“He was a soldier and a doctor, and I’m so proud of him. I’m proud that he didn’t become such a wimp like a lot of his old friends, even if he does live in London.He’s really made an independent life for himself. I mean, did you hear what happened to Michael’s son? You wouldn’t believe it, after all the rugby he played growing up! He became a fucking poof!”
“Listen. It meant everything for me and my intentions with you are serious.”
“So… that was my first kiss.”
Seconds before they both reached their orgasms, John reached under Sherlock's stomach to pull him upright.
He smiled.
“But why shouldn’t I say it when it’s true?”
“Oh come on, John! Don’t be so naïve! I wasn’t the nicest human being! I had more enemies than anything else! And now I’ll invite some of them to my house!”
Suddenly he had to stop pacing. He felt something. This alone was really astonishing but his whole body started to prickle – exactly the same feeling as when a limp is asleep and is waking up slowly. Only that is was at his whole body.
“Good evening. I guess you…”
John let a breath go which he didn’t even realise he was holding.
As he settled his bag on the floor, reminding himself mentally to clean it afterwards, one of the three doors opened.
Sherlock smiled back and glanced at his watch, stifling a yawn.
John went to the graveyard and looked for Sherlock’s grave. When he found it he looked for a hiding spot nearby and sat down.
Now Lestrade was crossing his arms.
He was certain it was the most intimate experience he had ever had and they hadn’t even started properly but he didn’t want to wait any longer and so he put some of the lube on his hand to warm it.
A giraffe-like woman stepped toward the sink, washed just her fingers (without wetting her palms) and left without looking around. Her brown eyes and hair lingered for a moment on the mirror before she gently closed the door.
John sighed and grabbed Sherlock.
“You really would do that if it was required wouldn’t you? That’s odd. Why would you do that?”
John knew that he was the one who screwed up.
John’s head snapped up.
His father nodded.
He was a doctor after all. But he hadn’t acted like one.
Sherlock ended a call and looked into the mirror smiling-something he did more often lately than ever before in his life.
“So… what happened?”
He tensed his muscles.
“There is of course also the option that I come along with you.”
“The killer-obviously.”
That seemed interesting to Sherlock but he couldn’t concentrate on that for long because John was removing his shirt.
“You’re unbelievable. What should I tell Harry, if she asks me?”
“But you need it now. Should we change rooms? I mean I could get my stuff into the other room.”
He rocked forth and back.
They were both sticky and John made a move to slip out but Sherlock’s stopped him.
Maybe he could finally live in a flat on his own and prove that he wasn’t just an addict anymore away from his annoying brother.
John’s ears began to ring. If someone had told him that his father would, at some point, accept that his children weren’t heterosexual - well, he would have thought that this person was probably very drunk.
He wondered if this could be his new home and if it would feel like it someday.
“Um…well okay.”
“Me, too.”
Sherlock shrugged. “I don’t really know, without a lab. I think he put the hairs in liquid nitrogen and then crumbled them up and put them in her drinks. I can’t examine the drink or the bar equipment here, so the others will have to analyse the utensils and liquid to see if it matches pandas. It might not have been deliberate - the reaction to something ingested will be a lot more significant than just being around the same allergens in the air.”
“Hm… I like dogs. And you?”
He froze.
John who had worn his best pyjama had fidgeted with the seam of it while coming from the bathroom into the room.
It was like magic.
When they got home Sherlock sat down in his chair, hands folded under his chin and went to his mind palace.
“By burning it? It was a gift from Harry!”
Lestrade was aiming at them with his gun but they moved too fast to make sure to hit the right one.
“And what would they be?”
After a few moments of silence, John had broken it by speaking.
With that, he grabbed Lestrade’s abandoned cup and began to throw it from hand to hand.
Her eyes shone waterily and he tried to speak in a calming voice.
He didn’t cook; he threw himself in danger in every opportunity and he was definitely not submissive.
Sherlock smirked while he lifted his eyebrows disapproving.
“I’m afraid to tell you that he’s no longer working here. He married and moved away a few months ago. I’m detective inspector Lestrade. How can I help you, Dr Watson?”
“Um… I would have to cut me with that dagger and then drop my blood onto your body and also in your mouth. It requires a lot of blood. Oh and while I would be doing that I would have to read the text from the scroll. It was translated in Latin. Good thing that I’m a doctor.”
True to his promise he never mentioned his proposition again to John the next days what didn’t mean that he wasn’t constantly thinking about it.
Five months later, someone rang at their door. Inside the flat,t Sherlock had hidden the doorbell; they heard nothing.Mrs Hudson had to open it.
He wasn’t sure if Sherlock even knew what he was doing.
With that, he stifled a chuckle and sighed defeated.
“You’re welcome.”
With that, he reached with a finger for her hand and she grabbed it laughing.
“No, absolutely not.”
“So… the tea…. Did you make it or did I forget it?”
John started speaking but was cut off by Sherlock with an almost angry look on his face.
“Oh.”
Then they both looked at each other because now they became aware of what would come next.
“We’ll go now. John can give you his statement tomorrow, Lestrade.”
He didn’t look up but Molly kept talking.
As soon as the doorbell rang Sherlock stood up and adjusted his suit. John looked at him while chewing on his lips.
Finally, Sherlock seemed to snap out of his mind and glaring at John who was still waving his hand.
No Alpha’s did that. Never. It was too much a sign of submission. And still, it was happening.
John laughed and gave Sherlock a little push.
He hummed hesitantly and scratched his eyebrow as he extracted Bixie from his bag. A kid at the zoo had called it that way a couple of months before – “the gun that makes lions soft and sleepy.” He wasn’t entirely right: the rifle didn’t contain anaesthetics, just a paralyzing substance to make aggressive animals docile and still and
He had Lestrade’s complete attention.
John’s compliments.
“Whatever. I’m going to make dinner, now.”
When he came home he had about one hour left before his psychologist would come. So he decided to take a shower. After showering he noticed that he forgot to shave and so he decided to do just that.
From that day they avoided that topic and just waited for Lestrade. They talked about everything and nothing. One evening John decided to play a game. He wanted to learn more about Sherlock and so he decided that they could ask each other alternating questions. After a bit of effort at persuasion, Sherlock agreed.
His eyes were closed and John admired the look for a moment.
With quick steps, he stood in front of him.
“No, you don’t understand. I don’t just imagine this stuff! Every night I wake up because of the loud noises and they are definitely not just in my head! And right before you came I saw a man in my bathroom! He was really there!”
The bag was strangely heavy on his shoulder, the marker huge in his hand as he wrote on the green post-it pressed on the cabin door and simultaneously.
to be happy.”
fantasmagorical
“I’m going to kill Mycroft.”
Sherlock nodded but his gaze remained worried.
Sherlock stared at Lestrade, full of expectation.
“Sherlock was murdered. He was murdered in your house in a terrible way.”
He opened and closed random pockets of his bag with his right hand to simulate the sound of sanitary towels and tissues and toilet paper rolling.
“John.”
Only wrapped in his bed sheet he grabbed John on his jumper and kissed him roughly.
“Um okay… but what’s with helping now?”
To his surprise, Sherlock didn’t know what to say to that.
But besides this and his deeper voice, there had been nothing different and so he had thought that the teachers had just tried to scare them all.
John felt a fit of irrational anger in himself. He hadn’t realised how much he had hoped that everything would work.
Sherlock squeezed his shoulder one more time and then went to follow Lestrade. John turned to look for his father.
“Oh, I wish I could have seen that.”
Sherlock looked like he was pouting, which made John laugh. “Believe me, you are good at flirting in general. The gender makes no difference.”
A door squeaked outside and closed hastily.
“Oh my God. How? I mean what in the heavens happened?!”
Everyone seemed comfortable and content. Even his father’s arm lay on his mother’s shoulders. John looked to Sherlock to ask - without words - if he was ready.
“Yes.”
Then he felt John’s growing bulge meeting his own, and quickly redirected  his hands to wander in this area - but as soon as he removed his other hand from John’s neck, John’s hands caught his wrists, and suddenly - inexplicably - John was above him.
John who hadn’t recovered yet just snapped the cup and filled it with tea.
Sherlock watched him for a moment and then joined him.
“Sherlock?”
John cleared his throat. “So…is everything settled with the murder?”
“You want to help me. Why? And how could you help me?”
So far they had almost no clues and even Sherlock seemed a bit wrecked by now which showed itself in bothering to lecture Anderson of all people.
“Usually you aren’t that easy to scare, John. So what’s wrong? Why were you that deep in thought?”
“John. You’re a doctor. You know that nothing of what you told me sounds well. I think that sleeping pills aren’t enough.  I know that you probably don’t want to hear this but I think it would be best if you went to a mental institution and stay there for a while. As soon as you’re feeling better you can come back. Maybe we just underestimated the stress and trauma you experienced.”
They both felt like their scents melted together to become one and after a while, John pulled back to lick the wound so that it could heal.
He sat down on a chair next to the couch where his family was.
She looked unhappy.
He realized he must have been silent longer than intended because Sherlock was now frowning even harder and looking very young.
John frowned for a moment but then nodded. Then they parted ways.
“Of course Mrs Holmes. If you excuse me, I think I have to go. I can’t wait for the ceremony.”
Sherlock felt how John nuzzled at his hair and how his hands were lying protectively on his stomach and he fell asleep like this, smiling.
“It was definitely the best kiss of my life.”
He paced back to John with the now-finished tea, and sat again in his chair. He left John’s on the table, and contemplated his full mug. After he took the first sip of his tea, he decided to just make the suggestion of the second best option.
Then Mrs Hudson spoke.
They both nodded and John apologized once more and then she was gone.
John reflected. He almost immediately felt terrible about the thought. He leaned in the doorway, watching Sherlock work, distantly aware that someone was calling the police.
For a while, they just stood there both caught in each other’s sight.
“Oh for god’s sake! You’re honestly the best-looking man or even person I have ever seen in my entire life!”
Not for longer than a blink of an eye.
This brought no real release in heat but it was still an incredible feeling and he urged John to come to kiss him again.
Francesca might think that he was mentally ill but he wasn’t. He knew that there was a man. A man who saved his life. Although he actually didn’t believe in supernatural stuff he thought about what the mysterious man could be. A ghost? A demon? An angel? Or a hallucination although John didn’t know the man and he wasn’t able to create such a good-looking man in his head.
But he was also very sensitive although he didn’t show it very often. I remember when the family dog died, he cried and cried for hours but after that, he didn’t talk about it anymore.”
John’s scent still lingered there and only a few seconds later the Alpha caught on.
But then even this changed. Very slowly the skin became a normal skin tone-still very pale but John knew that this was Sherlock’s usual skin colour. Then even the lips started becoming pinkish.
“I tried.”
Mr and Mrs Holmes had two sons and after they died the sons stayed there.
“The barkeeper.”
“It seems like it.”
Now John was banging his fist on the table.
“Yes… I mean I would miss so many things if I was…I mean is there anything that you’re missing?”
He held his breath.
Then he turned his head to look at Sherlock and giving him a pointed look.
The danger grounded him.
He grabbed it and went to the chair in the living room again.
It was really tempting. John could just go and live his life as every ordinary man would. But he was never ordinary and that’s why he said what he said next.
He nodded to himself, determined.
John couldn’t help but staring speechlessly at his flatmate.
John had about a thousand flashbacks in his head for a moment and frowned until Harry shook her head.
Now the woman cried even more and almost yelled.
But then he saw him. There was already another one like him, standing across of him, only thirty centimetres away.
He couldn’t help laughing at Sherlock’s angry face.
It had been twenty-five years since Sherlock and John had bonded and five years since they retired.
It was the most beautiful sight Sherlock had ever had in his entire life.
He pretended to adjust the Seven bag on his shoulder and stared at Grace’s long hair as he entered the desert corridor leading to the toilets. She was definitely stomping and the door knob trembled when she slammed the door shut. He wished – he always did – he could make that door disappear, just like Maddie had showed him in that computer game where you can kill people without using any weapons – what was it called?
He didn’t know how long he had sat there like this. Sometimes he heard the birds outside so he opened his eyes.
“Yes, he would never do such a thing. I’m sure. So…where can I find the ritual?”
“I can prove it. You just have to come to my house and see for yourself. There’s a ghost!”
Sherlock grinned.
She waited for an answer but Sherlock just stared at her and then his mouth opened.
Since his bond breaking with his mate he was happily together with Molly who was a beta and he was glad that she accepted his son.
Today was the first day Sherlock had woken about with a clear mind.
Later he wrote down everything he needed to know and went to get everything for Sherlock.
His dad flinched. “Why would you ask me something like that?”
John was glad that only he could hear the heartbeat of the other man which was steady and normal to his relief.
This had made him so angry that he had stormed out of the classroom and avoided this topic at all costs until he could no longer.
“That’s excellent. I also already thought about some tests I could do.”
There was another gunshot.
He chuckled and Sherlock joined him until they were out of breath. “I really can’t believe what my father said about you. I mean, that was really vicious, even for him.”
“Someone speared him with a poker through his stomach. It was so terrible. He didn’t deserve that. He was only twenty-five at the time.”
Sherlock was staring at nothing again and almost whispered in wonder.
It was only moments later when he came with a shout into John’s mouth.
“John, are you aware that only a few metres away of us is lying a dead body?”
John tried to chuckle weakly but Sherlock only gave him a grim look.
He let the suspicious looking inspector in and led him into the living room. They were alone or so it seemed.
“If you’re going I’ll miss you terribly. I don’t know how I’ll…”
Then Sherlock stopped and looked at him.
That put Sherlock completely out of his stride.
“What’s all of this about, Harry?”
“Okay, I think you could help me. But we’ll talk about that tomorrow, you need your sleep.”
“I guess I can just disappear again if you want to.”
“Yes, she always let me see the bodies and gave me stuff to work on at home.”
He didn’t want to hear something about the coming bonding ceremony and his future life with Sebastian.
There was Lestrade, holding a few files.
In an instant, John was back on the bed and tried to look into Sherlock’s eyes while he tried to avoid John’s gaze.
John’s words started hesitatingly, carefully. By the end, they were flowing out of him, voice slightly raised with passion. His father’s head snapped up at the mention of Harry, and now he was looking at John directly.
John desperately wanted to go too, but a hand landed on his arm to stop him.
“Um… are you really that used to ordering people around?”
Sherlock didn’t answer and waited until he was alone. Then he let a breath go he didn’t know he had been holding.
John shrugged. “The things you said to us were very specific, and I just explained to you how Sherlock works.”
After changing into their sleeping clothes they were lying in bed next to each other on their backs like every night but this time there was a tension of unspoken emotions that was almost tangible.
“So… and now…should I bring you to the bedroom?”
“I’m sorry. I shouldn’t have told you my thoughts.”
At the same time, he was glad that John was safe for now because he was smaller and protected by a shadow although it wouldn’t have lasted forever.
Molly nodded and smiled.
“Oh, nonsense. Come in, John. I’m going to make us some tea.”
He took a deep breath and nodded defeated.
First, she looked like she wanted to say something else but she decided against it.
Sherlock now smiled wistfully and John shot him a fond smile.
“How dare you? You’re such an unthankful, disrespectful child! How can you just bond against my will? How will I explain this to Mr Wilkes?”
“I didn’t mean it like that. I mean… I’m really interested in how you became a ghost.”
He couldn’t wait for the future which awaited them as husbands.
He looked into it and there was indeed a really panicked looking Sherlock. His eyes moved wildly like he wanted to look at everything at once.
“Who are you and how did you get into my house?”
Now John frowned.
“No?! Are you really that into sitting here locked up?”
The children had added a dark blue blanket around him which they had arranged so that it looked like a coat.
“When and with whom was your first time?”
“Okay...so…what happened?”
“Your scent hasn’t changed yet.”
“Why did he murder all these people?”
“I think we should get a shower.”
Sherlock nodded too, and went to the kitchen to make tea. He watched John out of the corner of his eye, and cringed as he saw how John was, once again, staring at nothing, lost in thoughts that belonged to the past. He had calculated all the possibilities that they had, and the one he suggested was the safest one - but he worried about John’s mental health.
Harry looked like she was about to cry. “Oh, John. Of course! Thank you!”
When he thought back to his biology lessons in school a tiny smile was creeping into his face.
“That doesn’t mean that you had nothing to do with it.”
“Good night, John and you’re welcome.”
John was at work and so he lay there alone miserably waiting until his cramps went away and the need started.
She narrowed her eyes.
John shrugged.
Sherlock was staring at his mother who was sitting opposite him at the table in a café she wanted to meet.
“Sherlock? You need to show yourself because unless you didn’t notice, I’m in handcuffs. You know what that means right? They didn’t believe me a word and unless you show yourself and prove that I’m not just a crazy person I’ll end in jail.”
“So… food? Do you want some toast?”
“No! Please don’t tell me that you…”
“Sherlock? Please. Please tell me something. I don’t know how I can help you.”
He thought that it might be his awakening but that seemed illogical because he had been really happy to see him alive.
Something was wrong.
Sherlock watched as John’s shoulders sank lower and lower and the pain in his eyes and face became greater and greater.
With every hour, he got closer to Sherlock.
“But how could no one connect that before?”
On that cue Sherlock did indeed come to the kitchen. He placed himself next to John while glaring at his brother.
John pushed himself up and stood beside the bed, offering Sherlock a hand. He took it, and smiled, and they entered the shower together.
It was a really nice way to start the day. They didn’t know that their peace would be disturbed the next day.
John didn’t refuse that.
John looked up to see his father smiling - genuinely - and everyone else positively beaming. Then Sherlock’s voice filled the room.
“What do you think, John? He tried to… let’s say show me my place by raping me.”
If he had been a professional serial killer, he would have called it
Then Sherlock cleared his throat.
Sherlock regarded the other man and saw how uncomfortable he felt but at the same time, he seemed to blush a bit.
“Don’t you worry, Ms Wilkinson. We last met ten years ago. You were my daughter’s teacher till 3° grade, at primary school.”
He was aware that he was standing now in front of John only in his pants and so he tried to force his body under control as John was about to slide his pants down.
“No…we weren’t a thing. If you’re so interested in her you could ask her out!”
This was the moment where the life of Sherlock, the lonely Alpha who would never have a mate, who was weird, who was called a freak or worse truly began.
Then John went to bed and Sherlock lay in his bed, retreating into his mind palace.
“Because of the right reasons.” He confirmed.
He was even more surprised than her when Bixie shot her directly at her ankle. His aiming ability was getting better and better at each murder – that was marvellous and quite unsettling, truth told.
Sherlock stopped talking and looked at John calculating.
“Of course, I do. And now please get me a mirror. I want to see how I look.”
Having arrived there Sherlock started to undress him.
There he found Sherlock standing in the living room playing his violin.
John’s eyes.
Then he opened the scroll and started reading the spell.
After a while, Sherlock came to stand with John. “I texted Lestrade. He’ll be here soon.”
Soon the water was running and John was determined to wait.
And so they could be easily manipulated because they hadn’t had control yet over themselves.
His mother only got his attention back when he noticed that everyone besides Sebastian and him were standing up and leaving the room.
When he opened it there was standing Mrs Hudson who was just looking for something in her purse.
“Thank you, John.”
“I… thought I could go to the police and tell them who the murderer is.”
Meanwhile, his eyes flew open and he almost started hyperventilating.
It was long and dark blue.
“Hello Mrs Hudson, I’m really sorry to disturb you this early but I have a few questions but if you have no time right now I can come another time…”
After that, he didn’t really catch anything his mother or brother said. It didn’t matter anyway.
Sherlock looked now just impatient and so John went on.
John nodded and so Sherlock agreed.
Sherlock sprung around and glared at the Alpha and his next words were nothing more than a hiss.
He couldn’t do anything but nod and with a now shaky voice, he tried once more.
John’s smiles.
“I told them everything.”
He wondered.
Suddenly John laughed.
Then her eyes went wide and she looked like a delighted child who just discovered a treasure full of candies.
“What are you going to do?”
Next to her was sitting Mycroft, looking disinterested in the whole matter.
After that, they only talked about the murder and the murderer got arrested.
“Sherlock? Do you remember me?...I’m John…”
Sherlock grinned and John started to laugh.
Now John was frowning too. He had to swallow before he could ask further.
He shrugged as he ended his speech.
“Damn it!”
Now John felt a bit foolish standing in the door to the living room out of breath and the look which Sherlock gave him didn’t make it better.
Now John looked shocked but Sherlock just carried on.
John froze. He turned around very slowly. There in front of the mantelpiece was Sherlock Holmes. He stood there with an amused look on his face.
“I know. Now please show me everything I’ll need for this.”
“Boyfriend.”
“Don’t be an idiot. I’m talking about sex.”
“As my…?”
“I think I heard enough for now. You’re officially in remand, Dr Watson.”
Then he leaned in and their lips met.
At the moment he couldn’t cry but he was sure that he would also show no emotions if he was human.
Sherlock laughed again while glaring playfully at him.
Sherlock lay right next to her on his stomach and examined everything.
“I… I found some notations of someone who worked on that case.”
“I love you two, you mad man.”
“You? They won’t believe you a single word.”
A thin splashing sound was coming from there. A woman. In the cabin nearby. With her stupid bloody piss.
Sherlock rolled his eyes and sighed.
“No, he texted me earlier that he was able to end his shift earlier and that he would come here. Didn’t he text you too?”
He became more desperate with each minute his Alpha mother just looked at him.
“However, I have to sleep. So… good night.”
Then an equally amused looking Sherlock answered.
John nearly choked on his drink. He excused himself while his father talked more,and hurried to Sherlock.
The sharp tongue of the Omega seemed dissuasive to the most but to John, it was the most brilliant thing in the world to watch how his mind worked.
“But now you have me.”
A shaky whimpering sound was heard in the silence what Sherlock realised had been his own.
Sherlock nodded again.
John put himself between them before Sherlock could deduce something embarrassing about Greg and declare it out loud.
“So… you mean you… have never had…. a relationship?”
His heat had lasted three days and since then John and he were nearly inseparable.
He had to take a breath before continuing.
“Idiot.”
John grinned and gave Sherlock a small kiss, almost just a brush of lips.  Then he grabbed Sherlock’s face and leaned his forehead against his. John closed his eyes and for a moment they just stood like this, each drinking in the comfort of the other’s presence.
Sherlock nodded. “It’s okay.”
“John… you know that there’s a simple solution, so that you wouldn’t be exiled from your family.” John, feeling a cold, sickening sense of realisation, held his breath. Sherlock - ever the logical one - continued, “You could just break up with me. All your problems would be solved.”
John took immediate advantage of that and gently made the kiss into an open-mouthed one.
Still smiling, Sebastian reached one arm out and put his hand on Sherlock’s cheek and his hair.
“It’ll also have consequences of course.”
“So… what else do you want me to buy? Shirts? Shoes? Pants? Socks? “
He laughed at his own thoughts. Then his mind snapped back to the moment where he had felt John’s breath because his face had been right in front of it.
He let his gaze wander through the room until he stopped at the mantelpiece. The stones there looked weird. For a moment he thought he had seen something being reflected by it but it was probably nothing. He finished his tea and went to work.
With ever push John felt his knot growing more and soon he felt like it was difficult to pull it out again after pushing in and so he slipped reluctantly out.
“Oh, sweetheart of course not. This kind of rituals we’re talking about is way older than money. You’ll demand life and that’s what you’ll have to give in return.”
In the meanwhile, Grace Wilkinson’s cheek had crashed against the floor with a wet
“This is your last evening as an unbonded Alpha. It’s your last chance to run if you want.”
Sherlock looked wrecked and a bit more vulnerable than he had ever seen him.
Sherlock turned to grin towards him.
Sherlock just kept laughing and so John stood up and just did a handstand at the wall.
For a while, they both sat there in silence. Then John made himself a second cup of tea.
“I think it’s six feet.”
Soon Sherlock relaxed so that he even could first add a second one and then a third.
Full of round tables and round people and pink security cameras. Except for the toilet, of course.
A pair of white shoes squeaked on the floor when Grace Wilkinson, all messy hair and tight lips, stepped out of the cabin and seemed to look anywhere but in the mirror, till he managed to cross her gaze.
“Yeah,
But their mother didn’t have it.
“I’m proud of you. And these are genuinely good news! Now we can try the food. High-five!”
As soon as John stepped into the police station his muscles tensed from adrenalin.  He asked at the information desk where he could find that detective inspector Dimmock and waited.
He had a bond mate now.
“Go and talk to your father, John.”
A heavy silence filled the room for a few moments while everyone but John looked at his father, breath held. John didn’t dare. He focused instead on the loose thread in the knee of his trousers.
“I love you too, Sherlock.”
“What did he do to you?”
“Okay, I’m sorry, John. I really am. But, you know… now that you’re awake, we could take advantage of the extra time we have before you meet with Mike.”
“Are you really sure? I mean we can stop any time.”
Head snapping up, Sherlock regarded Lestrade with glinting eyes.
A crack on the stairs pulled him back, he hadn’t registered that it was already morning.
“Well… I think we should plan now how you could go to the police.”
He lifted one hand to show it Lestrade demonstrative and then with an apologizing look put it through John’s head.
“Logic lies in the eyes of the beholder, John.”
He really had to talk to Sherlock about this.
“Good morning, Doctor Watson.”
“Yes, he deduces. He can figure out more or less everything about  you with just one look. When we first met, the first thing he said to me was ‘Afghanistan or Iraq?’”
John was frozen. He didn’t know what to do. Hesitantly he lifted two fingers to put them on the neck to feel if there was a pulse. His fingers were shaking. That was embarrassing.
instead.”
He was crying.
Then he heard yelling voices and finally a shot.
“What?”
“What do you mean, John?” His sister Harry finally spoke.
“For starters… his body has to be intact. Otherwise, you can’t get his soul back in it. You know how long it takes until a body decays?”
“I like you, Sherlock. Really. But bonding isn’t something temporary. It’s for a lifetime.”
(See the end of the chapter for
He watched spellbound how the eyes of the Omega swept over him.
Both of their scents, now one.
“Okay. What did he try to do you?”
“Okay. Good.”
But he could remember it clearly. They seemed to be a couple now- a real couple.
When he came home he went straight to his bedroom and checked everything.
Sherlock didn’t seem to be back from his mind and so John who couldn’t touch him waved in front of his face.
“Where has this all come from?” John asked, unable to hide his suspicion.
Now Lestrade was laughing a humourless laugh.
Sherlock just shrugged.
John also acted as it had never happened; he smiled as often as before and didn’t stop praising Sherlock for almost every deduction.
His senses were clearly in overdrive modus and his muscles and skin were new that’s why they were this bad.
“You’re a ghost. I’m living with a ghost.”
“I am not crazy!”
“But being a ghost is that too.”
. He felt she was unable to react – she could just feel the pain in her legs and the cold humid surface of the toilet floor.
He watched it in his hand like it was the most fascinating thing.
John just shrugged. “I know it’s terrible, and I’m sorry too, but it isn’t an excuse for treating his children like that.”
He raised both eyebrows, waiting, but John’s father avoided their gazes and said nothing.
“What do you mean?”
“Yes, right here.”
Now he had to suppress a shudder because of the cruel things that were about to come.
“I want to apologise.”
John knew that it was unfair but he couldn’t do anything about this.
He rummaged in his bag to check his phone and read again the address he had noted in his digital agenda. Where that annoying, self-proclaimed detective lived.
“You heard me.”
John stood up and put his cup into the sink, and then he hesitated. He had a presumption why Sherlock had reacted this frustrated earlier. He thought a moment about how he could approach that subject again but then he decided that it would be the best just to say it. If he was wrong then… he didn’t want to think about this possibility.
Sherlock grabbed his own cup without a word and they spent the first minutes of the day in silence.
All of them had traded the laughs for concerned looks when he had finished high school and had left for college- still without any sympathy for the ridiculous behaviour of all the Alphas and Omegas he had met so far.
John couldn’t help but laugh at this, startling Lestrade.
“You know I think it’s rather suspicious that you suddenly come here, talk to me about a cold case and try to tell me who the murderer is. Is someone feeling a bit guilty?”
Now Sherlock was fidgeting and shifting a bit uncomfortable.
In front of him was Sherlock whose face was redder than anything else with an erection.
It was like he had lost something he didn’t know he had.
John glared good-naturedly at Sherlock, so he pushed himself up on his elbows, giving his best contrite look.
“Isn’t here somewhere the point where you were stabbed?”
John couldn’t stop smiling.
He slid his eyes back to John’s and John ducked his chin to catch his gaze properly..
After one week John decided he could go to work without the possibility that Sherlock would be gone when he would come back.
Half an hour later the blond man came back with a wheelbarrow. He stepped back into the grave only to notice that nothing had changed.
Instead, he was holding said coat with one hand with much more force than necessary.
“Oh come on. Just hypothetically. “
When he woke up, the first thing he noticed was that Sherlock was playing his violin..He watched, fascinated, until Sherlock noticed that he was awake and stopped playing. He put the violin gently down, laying the bow beside it, and sat in his chair across from John. He waited expectantly.
“Yes, yes I am.”
John raised his eyebrows. “Such men?”
Suddenly there was a thought.
He stood next to John’s bed and just watched the man.
“So… what do you think? Do you want to dig my body up to splatter it with your blood and then to revive it?”
“What?”
Sherlock raised both eyebrows and shot him an unbelieving look.
He could of course just do what his mother had said but this would mean that he would have to concede everything he was.
“Okay.”
“Okay, John. Look, I don’t know how you haven’t noticed yet, but I don’t think that he’s like us.”
John hummed approvingly and after a while, he put his hand from Sherlock’s cheek into his hair.
Sherlock just smiled sadly. John leaned against Sherlock with his shoulder,  and Sherlock took the hint, putting his arm around loosely around John’s shoulders. They stayed in this position even when the police herded them away, around the corner, out of sight of the body. They stayed in this position until a very angry Lestrade arrived.
He couldn’t believe it.
John’s head snapped towards him again as he had been looking into the distance during his speech.
“See! It’s ridiculous! I mean I know since I was a teenager that I’m also attracted to men but that doesn’t mean that I want to shag every man I see! In fact, Sherlock is the first man I have ever been  intimate with! And oh yes! Another great example! Sherlock! He’s gay and I’m his first boyfriend! He’d never ever even kissed anyone properly until he met me, so there you have it!”
He brought the tea back, smiling.
“Sherlock…you asked for the wrong reasons you know that right?”
Sherlock and John had both been successful in pushing the subject aside.
When he dragged his bag in front of the sink and closed the cabin door behind him, he hummed and patted a piece of paper on the white wood over the knob. The relief of being finished with his murders made him sigh and shiver at the same time.
“You had no sex in ages and you would have never used your blood for the ritual if there had been even the slightest chance of you being infected.”
But he didn’t really pay attention to what he was reading because of a thought that befell him at night.
As Sherlock didn’t answer, he leaned forward and sniffed along his neck and that’s where Sherlock had enough.
John sobbed. He had now his third glass of scotch.
When he was twenty his older brother sent him into rehab and after that he was clean but things still didn’t go well.
“What? Why?”
Sherlock was lost in his own thoughts now.
Finally, he could touch those incredible curls and he grabbed them hard which made Sherlock gasp in response.
Now John almost looked sad again.
“Okay, but I could do that too.”
Mrs Hudson eyes now darted between these two who just looked at each other.
“Listen, dad. I’m sorry. I shouldn’t have told you about Sherlock like this, and  I shouldn’t have yelled at you.”
His father frowned, but did not appear to want to continue the conversation. He turned  to talk to some of the other people on the table until they were interrupted by the toasts and speeches, and then the dance floor opened. Everyone stood up, and moved around the room to mix with other guests; a surprising number started to dance. One of the women who gave Sherlock her number asked him to dance with her, and he accepted, with John watching bemusedly from his position propped against the wall. He could see how hard the woman was trying to flirt with Sherlock, but he just looked like he was internally screaming.
Sherlock only smiled fondly at her and thought for the thousandth time:
“Um…what do you want to do? How sore is your skin? Do you think that you could take a bath or something like that?”
Sherlock smiled back and continued.
Henceforward there was no need to speak anymore.
He went back to his room and sat down on his bed. He put his head in his hands. He stayed in this position until it was time to go to work.
“They have him.”
So that's it- that's the end of this journey ;) I hope you enjoyed it as much as I did while writing it :)
Then John cleared his throat, scratching his neck.
They would be so ashamed. They expected him to marry a nice woman and would become a dad while working in surgery of his own.
John’s whole body tensed up.
Sherlock looked apologetic, but he couldn’t repress a grin, and shook his head. He bent down to take a closer look at the body while a woman screamed in the distance as the other guests started to notice the body.
With a lot of wild gestured the smell of the detective was brought to him and the Alpha wasn’t comfortable to notice that Sherlock was distressed.
John was afraid. Sherlock understood that. John had told him everything about his family ages ago.
To his left was John lying on his stomach, sleeping peacefully.
“Maybe. But you got one.”
This was the reason why Sherlock just had had to see him again.
“Is everything alright? Are you hurt?”
“Ha! I thought so much. This is also your blood type right? Before I died I had A positive.”
Aqua, id cum Scientia adspira!
“I meant ‘please’.”
“Obviously. And a silk dressing gown - this is important! But please only buy normal colours, like blue and purple and white.”
When he was near enough Sherlock seemed to smell him turned around and stared at him.
He laughed a humourless laugh.
The woman had dark long hair which hung loosely on her back. Her lips which were currently formed into a smile were painted in a colour that could only be described as blood red. She wore a black dress which left nothing to the imagination. It was skin tight and ended just above her knees. Her shoes looked almost dangerous and had ridiculously high heels.
With that he let one hand wander to the waistband of Sherlock’s trousers which caused Sherlock to feel like this wasn’t happening.
John went through his calendar.
John stood up with more speed than he thought himself capable of.
She sniffed.
Sherlock smirked.
When he reached the kitchen he started to prepare the tea and breakfast while standing with his back to the living room.
Nothing happened and John had an unbidden painful thought. What if this was Sherlock’s plan all along? So it was easy to get rid of him.
“Admit it; you only did it to save your life.”
He turned more fully onto his left side, so he was face to face with Sherlock, and smiled.
“Okay, but if you ever change your mind-just tell me. And by the way, I thought you lived here with your parents… why are there just two bedrooms?”
The taste of it hit him without warning.
“Oh, that is what Mrs Hudson meant. Your deductions.”
John chuckled while Sherlock continued, smirking himself.
He knew it would be too much to actually go inside so he only opened the door so it was a crack open so he could smell John clearly and sit down on the floor.
This had been a word that had never been associated with Sherlock.
Sherlock had never been happier.
Sherlock nodded.
Then silence.
“Yeah.” John expelled a humourless laugh.
Now Sherlock looked annoyed and John was the one who was shocked.
She cut him off again with a frown. “This toilet is for ladies.”
Before John could say something Sherlock had vanished. John sighed. He understood that it must be painful for him.
John looked up and saw that Sherlock let his gaze wander over John’s body like looking for something and after a while, it seemed like he had found it.
“Oh, that’s true. Um… I could give you something of mine? I mean they would be too short but better than nothing right?”
Lestrade pursed his lips and just looked at John suppressing his anger. Then he stood up to go right out of the room, leaving John once more alone.
John agreed while looking uncomfortable at the ground.
He needed help, he knew that. He wasn’t able to stand alone, let alone walk. With all of his power he spoke.
Suddenly he made a decision.
Sherlock was now looking around the room and John was on alert immediately because at the moment it was only the three of them in the house.
“You could always still date betas. I won’t be in your way.”
Nothing had changed and still, something was different.
“You forgot.”
Sherlock sipped happily at his tea while closing his eyes.
Sherlock looked concerned.
Her eyes wandered up and she stared at said man which she had known since he was a boy.
Lestrade frowned and so John hastily talked further.
This made John sigh and a bit of tension left his shoulders.
“Of course. My apologies for disturbing you. It was a pleasure to meet you, Dr Watson and Sherlock?”
There was a significant silence after that.Mr Watson raised his eyebrows and looked at Mrs Hudson, who gestured with her hands that they should wait - and they did, until they heard a low chuckle.
“The game is never really over”.
Then John stood up gesturing to Sherlock to wait in the living room and opened the door.
As soon as he reached his home he was determined to not let anything of what had happened to be seen on his face.
There was clearly the scent of an aroused unbonded Alpha and what was even more important there was the scent of a frightened Sherlock.
John groaned and put the bags on the floor so he could kneel next to the still unconscious woman.
“I love you too, John.”
Sherlock stopped breathing.
He stood frozen with shaking hands beside John and was staring at Sherlock who answered.
“Enough! I just wanted to help you! But if that’s how you want to thank me then no! I’ll just go to bed. Good night!”
Sherlock wrinkled his nose but nodded.
So it was up to Sherlock who loosened his belt and ran to them only to use his belt as a loop.
“Thank you.”
John looked at him nervously before asking him if he had a girlfriend.
John’s whole body tensed. He wanted to say something back but Sherlock was faster.
The next few days went by pretty fast. Lestrade called on Wednesday that they could work with him and so they went to the crime scene.
Omnes haec tui beneficium deserviunt. ”
But his skin was still burning like hell. He wondered when John would come or if he would even come back.
John clenched his fists, took a deep breath and just glared at her.
John had no idea how he should bring Sherlock home now.
John sighed and went to the door and opened it. He looked at Lestrade expectantly.
“But wait. It’ll only take five minutes. He can just-“
“Why did you stop flirting with me?”
“I feel fantastic. What about you?”
“Okay. I have to be honest- I hope that you won’t leave after the case.”
It had been a different kind of kiss than they had shared before.
John felt sorry for him and had to urge to comfort him. In an instinct move he reached out to touch his hand but then he remembered that he couldn’t and took it back.
He stared at a coat that was in the window.
They spent their first day  sight-seeing, and when they returned to the hotel they each went to their separate room to shower. Neither enjoyed the solitude, and exactly one hour later Sherlock sneaked into John’s room and latched onto him like he was afraid that he would just disappear if he wasn’t careful.
Sherlock’s wrists were still pinned in John’s hands, and he loosened his grip, smiling and shaking his head. His thumbs smoothed Sherlock’s skin as he admitted, almost shyly, “I love you so much.”
“Oh- so there are things that you don’t know already?”
“I only refused it because I have feelings for you and I didn’t just want to be a solution to a problem.”
The next day they both acted like nothing was going to happen, they talked about meaningless stuff and avoided the topic.
Now Sherlock was taking steps towards his brother while speaking and glaring dangerously at him.
“And why is he still here then?”
“I was thinking… and I want to help you.”
“And…how would you perform this ritual?”
“Yes, sure. Just a little family drama. And right when Sherlock and I wanted to storm off, just to add insult to injury we stumbled over the body of a family member.” ”
“Yes, it is indeed unfair. But I don’t think that you want to start a fight at a wedding, do you? And as far as can I see, you really want me to come along. I believe this is the only way to make it possible.”
“John.”
Sherlock promised him to be still there but he still had the urge to see him with his own eyes.
And then, Sherlock also added a distraction. “What did I deduce about Ember when we were sitting at the bar?”
Then they both giggled, and the sound echoed past their as yet unannounced guests. Mrs Hudson signalled to Mr Watson that they could enter now.
“You wanted to make us breakfast but I think you should first remove the fragments of the cup that you dropped.”
“Oh, yes. Pain is the privilege of the living ones.”
John laughed and led him into the kitchen where he gave him a cup of tea and explained what had happened.
“Piss off.”
The woman coughed.
“You mean consulting detective.”
Sherlock shrugged and eyed John with raised eyebrows.
“Yes, but only after you checked the other rooms.”
“It’s good to see you again, Sherlock. I mean after all this time…”
“John, this means obviously that I’m now ready.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes but nodded and sat down next to her.
John took the dagger in his left hand and slowly cut himself in his right hand so that his dominant hand wasn’t damaged.
“Yes.”
Now the corners of her mouth dropped.
Another bang.
“Hello, Greg. Please come in, I’m sure that he would be happy to help you.”
Beside of that, he was the most beautiful human being he had ever seen in his entire life. His dark wild curls framed his face which had very prominent cheekbones.
If anyone else would act like this, he would be sure that this person had feelings for him.
“Sherlock Holmes. He was working as a consulting detective.”
Now John looked angry, every muscle in his body tense.
“Um… I guess not. Okay… um… is there something else you want to do?”
Sherlock stayed.
How it was possible to look even better than before, John didn’t know.
And this point had been when his schoolmates had begun to present, one after one.
For a moment John was silent after this and Sherlock was brave enough to look at his flatmate.
With surprise, he saw how the children began to build another one across of him.
He didn’t miss Sherlock’s sad gaze resting on him while he spoke with the clinic.
John smiled.
After a few seconds, he recovered just as John reached the stairs.
It wasn’t the thought of children that made the imagination that horrifying, it was Sebastian. He knew him.
John choked on his tea.
John raised his eyebrows.
“And then? I think that was the moment I knew that I was screwed. I had never met someone like him before.”
“Thanks. But no I would never stop working. Although I had to promise John that I wouldn’t bring myself into life-threatening situations until the baby is here.”
John only shrugged and looked at Lestrade but the DI didn’t miss how the Omega was beaming at his Alpha.
“Yes, but that’s it. Don’t you think that there were a lot of people that wanted me exactly because of that? Because of my look? But as soon as I spoke they realised how I’m and they vanished faster than you can imagine. After I discovered that I decided to never ever try that again. I mean flirting etcetera.”
Sherlock grinned.
“How are you feeling?”
Sherlock looked up in his mate’s hopeful face and smiled and then nodded.
Sherlock frowned.
“You didn’t vanish.”
It felt like he was finding something he didn’t know he had lost.
“Great. Everything seems to be alright. Now… tell me what tests did you have in mind?”
“Actually…there’s something else.”
After an instant, he bent down again while The Woman Nearby was preoccupied with unlocking the door. As the water began to flow in the sink out there, Grace Wilkinson was suddenly gone without changing her features.
She really is perfect.
His own distracted answer that this wasn’t his area.
“You wear something different than usual. How is that possible?”
He was smirking. And it wasn’t a normal smirking. It seemed smug.
“I know that you see that differently but I want to bond because of love and have children and not because it’s convenient. I’m sorry that this will happen to you but I can’t help and I would appreciate it if you would never ask me that again okay?”
He basically hanged on Sherlock’s lips. Something that John could relate to. When Sherlock finished, Lestrade looked exhausted.
“Bloody hell, Sherlock! You know very well that I’m not responsible in this area!”
“Why are you staring at me? I know it doesn’t look that well like a suit would but-“
He was getting an erection. He was just back in life and wished he could die again.
Cody’s yellow cheeks turned purple and then white as a lorry passed by catching the insignificant shining of the street lights nearby.
He had presented earlier before everyone else and when it had happened he clearly hadn’t understood the fuss.
Two days later the time had come. John had bought everything he would need and was packing himself a backpack with water and snacks.
“So… when should we do it?”
He felt confident. Now everything would be fine.
Sherlock opened his eyes and smirked at John.
“What do you mean?”
So when John announced that he was going to shower and then go to bed he nodded absently although he felt the panic arising again.
When both were only in their pants, John decided to take charge. He started to slowly kiss his partner without any hurry.
“For God’s sake Sherlock! You can’t just scare me like that.”
Then there were steps nearing the bedroom.
Sherlock smiled but didn’t answer.
Sherlock looked confused and didn’t answer until John was upstairs.
This alarmed him immensely because usually he only got tons of texts from him so he hurried to a quiet corner and answered it.
One, he had been completely depending on John.
“I know the perfect title for the book.”
“Yes, indeed. And imagine, I made it up the stairs all by myself. And I put the t-shirt back on.”
He had hated feeling so different.
One day later she came to him and he told her everything.
That night he dreamed about soldiers. Soldiers who were bleeding and dying. He couldn’t help them anymore. He tried but he failed. There were gunshots everywhere. He couldn’t get away fast enough. One bullet hit him.
With one final sigh, he grabbed a blanket, put it over Sherlock and then get one for himself while he was sitting down in his chair that he turned so that he could watch Sherlock.
“It’s six am, John. Why are you awake? It’s Sunday.”
Eventually, Lestrade interfered.
“That’s really good. I’m glad. Do you want to change your clothes?”
He waited for a few moments and then Sherlock slowly opened his eyes again and opened his mouth. The words that came out of it were nothing more than a whisper-his voice rough.
“So…to be clear… you fell in love with a ghost? And what do you want from me now?”
Sherlock could only stare at his brother and then nod.
“Pregnant, yes. I was just about to tell you when they arrived.”
The Alpha never tried anything and always spent the days of Sherlock’s heat at Harry’s.
“I just asked you if Lestrade called you on your phone but you didn’t answer.”
Then John’s breath was caught in his throat from the hunger he saw in the other man’s eyes.
“You can’t be serious.”
With that Mycroft shot one meaningful look at Sherlock who nodded in return and then he was gone.
“I don’t know what happened to you that you have such a bad opinion on every homosexual human, but I couldn’t let you say something like that about Sherlock. I just couldn’t.  He’s the most brilliant and most human and loving person I have ever met, and I love him so much…and if you now decide that no one is allowed to talk to me, just like you did with Harry… then fine. Because if you force me to choose between you and Sherlock, it will always be Sherlock. Always.”
Flamma, id vapora!
Then they both watched Sherlock who was reading the files.
After that Sherlock went into his thinking pose in his chair and John didn’t dare to leave the house.
“Alright, then. So…boyfriend, right? Today is your day. What do you want to do?”
“Don’t make me say it.”
The detective looked to the ground and let his shoulders drop.
“So it’s just about us.”
“I can tell you who the murderer is.”
The other man was beaming at him.
Sherlock nodded. “Yes, like Lestrade said…he’s already confessed everything. I was right about the liquid nitrogen. The police here were not that unreasonable, they were happy to listen to me and so everything went smoothly. What about you two? Is everything settled between you?”
He grabbed his hair with his hands. Suddenly the door opened and a serious looking Lestrade came in.
They both looked at each other questioningly.
It didn’t get less confusing when they entered their flat.
There he had met John. His John.
“ Mater natura,
Finally, John grabbed his face and kissed him on his mouth passionate.
Later, they made their way back to London. As soon as they opened their flat door, John felt like he could relax and breathe for the first time since the invitation had arrived.They unpacked their belongings, chatting about everything but the wedding, and ordered a take away. They settled quickly back into livingd their life together - the life they both loved - and tried to avoid the topic of the wedding, and the lack of family that John felt as a keen loneliness only Sherlock could eclipse.
Sherlock nodded.
Sherlock didn’t like that one bit. When John didn’t answer, he tried again.
He made himself a cup of tea and waited for Sherlock.
“So…how did this happen?”
“John. Obviously, my insufferable brother and I had to chare a room until our parents died. Since then Mycroft slept in their old room.”
After a few minutes, he really slipped out and the other man winced at this.
He smiled to himself while taking two steps into the dark living room.
John smiled a reassuring smile but Sherlock just pressed his lips into a line and frowned.
After a silent while, John broke it.
“You look incredibly well. In fact it’s… just wow. Breath-taking.”
With that forty- eight four hours began that seemed like an eternity.
and get a diploma in chemistry and become
Shooting him a worried look, John saw the longing in the other man’s eyes and so he gave in.
Sherlock made a frustrated groan.
John hit Sherlock’s prostate again and again, hands dancing over his straining length,, until his lover screamed his release with his name on his lips. Sherlock came all of a sudden, shuddering, spilling  himself overJohn’s stomach and his own. Only a few thrusts later, John followed, and filled Sherlock with his come.
“I promise, John.”
With long, fast steps he came to him and looked him up and down.
John with a gaze full of fascination while the gaze of the other man was grim and almost angry.
He opened his eyes only to stare disbelieving down where he could see John’s head moving up and down.
“I haven't finished actually.  You have a sister with a drinking problem whose phone calls you never answer and by the way your psychologist Francesca? She’s flirting with you.”
A few minutes later a grey-haired man came to John and shook his hand.
“Convinced?”
Sebastian took a sip from his cup while still smiling at Sherlock.
Taking the few steps left separating him Sherlock was suddenly in front of him and took his hand.
“Mrs Hudson.”
“Me? Um… I had a few dates and a few girlfriends when I came back, but nothing worked out.  I’m also very busy, so…” He shrugged and hoped that he sounded more convincing than he thought.
However, the DI was less thrilled and so he tried to stop him.
The first thing had been a text to Lestrade to not disturb him for this time without telling him a reason.
John was on an instant checking Sherlock’s vitals and looking for other damage.
“What are you doing here?” John demanded to know, standing as still as a soldier.
The DI actually looked disappointed for losing the help.
John cleared his throat.
After two weeks of really little sleep while having a lot of work at the surgery he was working at, John decided to make an appointment with his psychologist.
“I don’t want to just lie here and stare at the ceiling. And what if everything fails and I die again? I have too little data to know what will happen. I can’t just rest. My brain wouldn’t allow it.”
His semen landed all over their chests and bellies and seeing that as well as Sherlock’s lips forming a perfect ‘o’ did it for John.
“I’m a doctor you know. And thank you by the way, for saving my life.”
“There’s no way that we’re leaving now, right?” He asked, desperately hoping for a miracle.
When they reached the kitchen John started making tea while Sherlock sat at the kitchen table.
“Oh come one, Mr Watson. This isn’t real. You know that if I hadn’t cornered him, he would have never bonded with you. This isn’t more than a foul compromise. You deserve better than him, he won’t make you happy. Right now he seems content because of the bonding pheromones that are still in his body. He’ll grow bored of you soon enough and then you won’t be chained to him till death.”
“You like me?”
He couldn’t stand to face his parents and tell them what had become of their son.
“I like the sound of that. I don’t want anything to do. I don’t want this moment to end.”
Preferably right now.
“I don’t need a guardian, John.”
She was small but strong and just as short-tempered than him.
“It’s just you’re such a typical Briton! Just like out of a textbook!”
His mate did really believe this himself.
“Will you promise me something?”
He would never admit any of this, of course.
Sherlock let his eyes wander from John’s back where the blanket ended towards his head.
He listened to the steady beat of the raindrops on the roof until he noticed it.
When John got back with a heavy bag full of supplies he finally found Sherlock sitting in his usual chair.
There he opened carefully his mouth and let his blood drop into it.
John chuckled and began to gently caress Sherlock’s scalp through his hair which made him almost purr in reaction.
At the touch, Sherlock’s eyelids quivered. He opened his eyes, stretching and sighing..
Sherlock was watching John who was now wiping his eyes with the sleeves of his jumper.
Mostly it was expected that Omegas stayed at home and only cared for their children and made the household.
Now John leaned a bit back and looked searching into Sherlock’s eyes.
They both knew that the other one was just wearing a facade of fake cheeriness. They both felt depressed but neither of them wanted to show it.
“You mean it?”
Sherlock raised both of his eyebrows.
He suddenly stood in front of John, shielding him from his brother.
Where once their two snowmen had stood, there were now two small puddles, which slowly began to merge into one big one.
“You were an army soldier. How do I know? Your hair, tan and posture tell me, soldier. Your advice to Mrs Hudson tells me, doctor. You were wounded- shot in your left shoulder. I saw you often enough without a t-shirt so let’s not talk about that.”
“It was in your closet.”
“Excuse me?”
Sherlock just smiled and drank his tea happily.
John frowned and put the gifts he carried on the ground. Then he stepped forward towards Sherlock and put his hand on his arm. He waited until their eyes met.
This man brought him back and liked him for inexplicable reasons. For him he would fight against the pain, he decided. He took a deep breath and forced his body to sit.
Epilogue
That was the only thing he had learned back then in The Clinic, in group therapy, seven months after Maddie’s death.
“How can I help you? What is it that you truly desire?”
His father showed no reaction at all, so John took a deep breath and decided that it was his turn to start talking.
“Listen. You have no proof besides your word.”
Hurt, pity, sadness and anger. In the end, he just looked grim.
He never expected to have something like that somewhere along the line.
He was breathing as he had been too long underwater.
They had decided to bond that evening.
“Listen, I’m sorry. I know that this isn’t true. I was just a lame attempt of being funny. Please forgive me?”
Lana Del Rey began to moan pitifully in the bar when Grace Wilkinson closed the tap and turned toward the man standing beside her.
John snorted.
“The only reason why I even tried this ritual and wanted to be here again was John. So… I see no point of me being alive if he is dead so I see no problem there.”
So he asked as softly as he could.
Then Sherlock did something which he would normally never do.
John nodded and let everyone in. After that, he closed the door and went back to the living room where he was greeted with a really thick silence.
“It’s the truth.”
“You won’t break the bond. Only over my dead body.”
John startled and almost fell out of the chair.
John nodded again but stayed where he was and looked at Sherlock with worry.
“I choose to go naked, thanks.”
Sherlock winced at the words like in pain and squinted his eyes.
Arriving he put Sherlock onto the backseat and drove home where he dropped him onto the couch.
On Monday John took Sherlock with him to work to make the blood test and the ECG.
It was only two months later when John got a call from Sherlock while being at work.
“How are you feeling? I mean it was your first time after all.”
Sherlock was now trembling with anger and a bit of fear which he tried to ignore.
“Yes.”
“Hey, Sherlock where’s John?”
“Oh now?”
Sherlock’s voice dropped a few octaves when he said next.
Then he searched for spiritual books and items and after an hour of internet research, he finally found a shop that had such things.
“Is it the age gap? Ten years isn’t that much and technically it’s just nine years now. Or is it because I’m no longer mysterious enough? I mean surprise, surprise I’m an actual human being! Or is it because you’ve met someone else? No, wait this isn’t it, I would have noticed that. What is your problem? Is it because I’m that inexperienced compared to you? I apologize for not sleeping with anyone who was interested in me! I mean we even sleep in the same bed and I admit that I don’t really have any experience in the friendship-area but even I know that this isn’t perfectly normal behaviour of two friends when there are other beds available. So what is your problem?!”
John could see Sherlock’s face in the window.
John raised the gun and held it to his right temple.
John’s father turned his face away. John swallowed, feeling that pinch of pain in his chest again, a sad ache and a burning anger at the cause of his father’s issues. He was shocked by his sudden outburst; his father was usually a reserved man. For a moment he didn’t even know what - or if - he should respond.
“I wanted to bond with you so badly because I couldn’t stand the image of someone else getting you, believe me. But at the same time, I knew the possible consequences and so I let you free. But never ever doubt my intentions, John.”
Sherlock actually looked a bit sheepishly when he answered.
He even had to stifle the urge to scent the man when he entered the yard which was beyond embarrassing.
Sherlock looked frustrated.
Sherlock couldn’t stand this anymore and pressed himself between the two so that he was facing his mother.
“I’m sorry about what happened to your father.”
“Me neither and I am a ghost.”
“I’m…sorry?”
Still, in thoughts he sat down in his chair. John sat there a while still thinking when he suddenly heard his name in an annoyed tone which implied that he had already been called a few times.
He had kissed John.
“Ah here. You were right.”
He sat on the floor.
“Um…there are a few things indeed. I miss my violin. I miss cigarettes. I miss London. I mean I wish I could wander through the city, see everything, feel everything, the pulse of it. I even miss tea … and even if that sounds weird I somehow miss breathing, sniffing, freezing and sweating. I always said that my body is only transport… I mean when I was alive… but even now I would give everything to have this transport. I mean I rarely slept back then…but now I would give everything to just feel exhausted. Wow… all of that sound so unlike me. I would deny it but John really, Sherlock Holmes misses being alive.”
When he had his breath back Sherlock asked the one thing he wished more than anything else.
Sherlock sighed sadly.
“Mummy, I encouraged you in finding a suitable Alpha for Sherlock and not a monster as Sebastian Wilkes and so I’m happy that Sherlock finally noticed his feelings for Dr Watson and so for me this matter is finished.”
“Why?”
When he finally picked them up again he took a deep breath.
“By the way, I think it would be best to bring a ladder… I mean in the best case, I’ll have to get you also up. Oh and I’ll need a portable electric drill to open the coffin.”
John nodded and let himself be guided by Sherlock, pulled through the complex and through the other guests until they were in Sherlock’s room.
“Nothing.”
Water, have it infused with knowledge!
Everyone in the room was staring at him but John was the one who finally spoke while crouching down in front of him.
John chuckled softly and then cleared his throat. “So… dad. How are we dealing with it?”
“So… homeless network? And I would love to hear you play.”
That it didn’t seem to affect him in any way frustrated Sherlock excessively.
John just stared at her clenching his fists.
John looked up to look in his boyfriend’s face. “Yeah, sure. I mean, I just told my whole family that I like to shag you, but besides that…”
But he had been so wrong and was glad because of it.
With that John stood up and walked to the living room to sit in his chair, arms crossed.
Then he pressed a hard kiss on John’s mouth and straightened himself up, offering John one hand.
“He had black curly hair and he was very skinny but tall. Why?”
Sherlock looked uncomfortable and a bit like a deer that was caught in car light.  He was fidgeting with his hands when he took a breath to speak.
John couldn’t help but grin back while he waited for Sherlock’s answer.
“I know that. But I’m living in his old house and he’s still there. He…. he…. he is a ghost now.”
“Fantastic.”
The animals he was used to paralyzing at work didn’t look any different, truth to say. Saliva was dripping out of the corners of her mouth. He felt the effort she could only make inside – the effort to clean her cheeks up, to put the seam of her skirt down to its regular position, to kick that man who was hovering over her. He felt her
Sherlock’s eyes widened.
Sebastian stumbled a few metres back but then his eyes became murderous and he growled.
“Didn’t you forget something?”
The look on the Omegas’ face didn’t help much either.
He leaned heavily on his cane while walking to the address which was written at the paper in his hand. He knocked on the door and waited until a warmly smiling elder lady opened it.
That night he slept well and dreamed of eyes in a really unusual colour.
John noticed and went to stand between him and his mother.
“I’m going to give you a prescription for some sleeping pills. That will help you. I promise.”
John took a deep breath.
Sherlock slowly bent down to smell John.
To distract him he accepted every client and case that was offered, even if these couldn’t be rated as eights.
But the woman surprised him.
Sherlock pointed to three different girls, still grinning. “I suppose I’m better at these things than I thought I was. Or do you think it is due to gender? Maybe I’m just bad at flirting with men. What a shame. Why am I only good at something that’s so useless to me?”
“Oh, really? That must have been one of my first classes.”
There in the living room was a man standing with an umbrella in his hand which looked ridiculous to John.
A few moments later his lips became a straight line and he snapped back into reality.
His father chuckled, but John didn’t find it amusing.
He laughed bitterly at that thought and drank a bit of scotch with his now always shaking hand.
But he was sure.
“I must be crazy.”
The blue scarf that was wound around his neck suggested that much too because it usually belonged to the father of these children.
John was walking down the stairs and rubbing his eyes while doing that.
too much info, John.”
Sherlock remembered the day he was made perfectly clear. It was the end of November, the snow was two metres high and it seemed like it was never going to stop snowing.
“You know that you’ll render yourself liable to prosecution for digging a body out of his grave?”
“I’m pregnant.”
(See the end of the chapter for
The last thought he had was that he would never be able to tell the people that he had solved the case.
“Uh- that bad? Okay… you don’t have to talk about it. I’ll make us some tea and I think we could order some food- maybe Thai?”
He frowned but kept making dinner.
John wiggled with his eyebrows and Sherlock snorted and clapped his hand against John’s.
His whole body was sore from his treatment during his captivity.
He avoided John’s gaze and clenched his teeth.
“You’re an idiot. I would be still dead. This is fantastic. I’m alive, John! Listen to me! I’m alive! I think I have never been that happy to be in pain!”
“Um…right. Sherlock, I’m really sorry. I understand now that you would never harm my son.”
John smiled and told Sherlock about the shop and Irene. After he finished Sherlock who hadn’t once interrupted him finally spoke.
John was perplexed.
Sherlock looked for a moment if he was calculating something then he fixed his gaze at John.
“Oh come on, look at the way he speaks and how he’s dressed and his whole body language. I mean, look how he dances with that woman!  All of him basically screams poof.”
John smiled.
They both turned to look at Lestrade whom they had completely forgotten.
“I’m going to kiss you. That’ll be flirting.”
John’s shoulders dropped as the realisation crashed over him that this was the end. This trainwreck of a wedding, this murder scene, was probably the last time he would be able to see his family.
“You scared every renter before me away and you also tried that with me because you wanted me to move out. Right?”
Although she was as clever as Sherlock she had absolutely John’s stature.
They sat in their chairs and John began with a cup of tea in his hand.
His phrasing at this moment was also something that kept being stuck in his mind.
So...that's it :) I hope you enjoyed reading it as much as we enjoyed writing it ;)
The blond man glanced at him when he walked to the mantle to get his coat.
“Or what do you think? Should I already take a taste of you? I mean I’ll have you either way so…”
Warning for attempted rate in this chapter
He had seen the pain in his eyes when they talked about it and he wouldn’t want to get his hopes up only to crush them again eventually.
Momentarily he appeared next to John who flinched.
It was surprising how tall he was when he thought about how small these children were. Surely, they had had help from their parents.
Sherlock rolled his eyes.
It should be mentioned that exactly such brooding had been the thing that had led to drugs in the past.
You have nothing to be ashamed of!”
Sherlock held his breath.
The day after Lestrade called, he visited them to tell them what was going to happen.
Sherlock frowned at him, feeling the beginning of some irritation building, but as he opened his mouth to reply, John cut him off. He was always faster.
Something he complied with happily.
“You heard me perfectly.”
“Where was his brother?”
“But… what? No! I don’t talk to you because I feel obligated to! I talk to you because I’m really interested in you.”
He just nodded. “I’m fine. You can go. I’ll catch up later.”
Sherlock blushed but nodded and John grinned at that sight.
“I went to Mrs Hudson. She told me everything about the family that lived here. She also told me that someone was killed here or better that you were killed here. I think that you’re still here, Sherlock. I also think that you scared the entire previous renters away and that you also tried that with me. You were almost successful as you know.”
“I’ll never delete anything of John! Now go!”
Of Sherlock were only a few centimetres left and so John smiled internally when the sharp pain began.
“Where can I touch you? I mean I don’t want to hurt you.”
He made it clear on the day they met that he wasn’t interested in bonding or in relationships in general and so John had accepted that it was a lost cause.
“Sorry to interrupt, but they found the barkeeper and he confessed everything.  He didn’t expect that someone would find out that it was him.”
Then he leaned forward to kiss Sherlock, slowly and tenderly, while at the same time stroking his lover’s length. Sherlock moaned his partner’s name into the kiss.
John thought it matched his personality perfectly.
Sherlock smiled and nodded.
“I’m going to kill him! This fucking bastard! I’ll!”
He knew somehow that the other one was really watching him and that he hadn’t just imagined it.
His family, who didn’t know that he was bisexual, let alone that he was in a relationship with a man. His family, who was so homophobic that they made Harry’s life hell after her coming out. His family who always said that John was their good child, the one who would never disappoint them and who would give them grandchildren.
After work, he made himself dinner while humming and after watching a bit of crap telly he went to bed.
Sherlock frowned but lifted his arms and gestured John to pull which he did.
“Look, I saw you two together and I understand that you love each other. No one could overlook that, and I won’t try to force you to leave him. I also understand now that not all homosexual men are like I thought.”
After a while, John continued.
John spilt his tea in shock and almost choked on it.
“Well… it was biology and sport. Yours?”
“Of course, Ms.
“So, you and my son are… flatmates?”
He stared at his mother as she closed the door behind her with widening eyes.
John watched it for a moment grinning. Then he cleared his throat to get his attention.
Soon John could feel Sherlock’s muscles tighten and then the detective came saying John’s name.
At this Sherlock was practically clawing at John’s back which would definitely leave marks but John didn’t mind in the slightest.
John really didn’t know what to do. He didn’t know if he could touch him. So he tried again.
He woke up screaming.
Sherlock made a dismissive gesture with his hand.
Still holding her hand with one hand he passed her a tissue with the other one.
The way John wiped his eyes was so precious.
“I can ensure you that I’m completely honest but as I said before I don’t want to rush anything with you, so I didn’t plan on telling you this right away.”
In terms of me leaving Sherlock… I have no intentions to leave him. I mean ever. I was never happier than I’m right now and that’s thanks to him.
Another bang.
The next few nights nothing happened. John was always on edge, always ready. He didn’t get much sleep because of that.
He lunged at the Omega and Sherlock knew immediately what a stupid move it had been to punch an Alpha when he was alone.
He was cut off by Sherlock who was looking shocked.
Sherlock wasn’t a good choice.
Sherlock shot John a questioning look and the Alpha only shrugged and whispered an answer.
Just when he wanted to say something the doorbell rang.
“I’ll get her some water… please watch her.”
“Um… I guess. I mean he worked before with the police so I think it shouldn’t be a problem to get him in again. If… that’s what he wants.”
“Why should I?”
John frowned.
Fire, make it warm!
He took the few missing steps to the bed.
But his parents had been outraged.
John made tea and ordered the food and for a few hours, Sherlock could forget his cruel fate.
He nodded. “It’s alright. Go and do your thing.”
He knitted his brows and shrugged.
“Okay… if it works at all and I really awake again… but with no memories… I trust myself enough to make the right deductions at that moment. I mean… I would be in a coffin, wearing a suit that had seen better days with a filthy blond man with a shovel looming over me. Oh and I would have blood all over me and even worse… in my mouth.”
“John, what’s up with that Sherlock? He seems like a very strange man.  I don’t think you should live with him. Why don’t you look for another flat? I’ll give you the money if you haven’t enough.”
Mycroft actually looked slightly apologetic as their mother stormed into the flat but wasn’t fast enough to speak before she did.
John nearly jumped because of the sudden sound. With one last glance at Sherlock, he answered it.
“Oh.”
“I thought about the clothes situation.”
“What does that mean?”
When he had sat down Sherlock continued with his pacing.
“Oh don’t worry; one bite will be enough to trigger your heat.”
Sherlock nodded but had his fingers under his chin and frowned.
Sherlock nodded.
“Besides I somehow enjoy your company and that’s not just because you’re the first person I have talked with in ten months. You’re interesting and until now you never bored me but we have only known each other for about three days so… don’t interpret too much in it.”
“Now I’ll be on your side and so no one will dare to be mean to you.”
In the shop it was almost dark. The lights were dim and John wondered for a moment how people should properly read in here. He wandered through the shop and saw magic candles, clothes, weapons and books. John had no idea where to start. He went to the books and sighed overstrained. Then suddenly there was a hand on his shoulder. He looked at it to see dark red polished nails. John’s eyes followed the nails to the arm and finally to the face of a woman.
This had been a kiss full of love and a life that had yet to come.
But it was a mistake and John couldn’t stop thinking about it.
Their pyjama trousers and underwear soon followed.
He narrowed his eyes while fixating John with his gaze.
John’s eyes widened.
He just stayed there, standing in front of John and smiled at him. They both smiled at each other for a moment until suddenly the phone rang.
“Okay… then I suggest that we wait until the case is closed. Then we’ll know if that was the thing that was holding me here. If I’m still here after it…I would… agree to try the ritual.”
“Now I’m touching you. That’s flirting.”
Sherlock was jumped up from his chair with a glint in his eyes.
Then they looked at each other both smiling silly but incredibly happy.
He sprung from his bed.
Then John locked his eyes with his partner’s.
Sherlock forced a neutral look on his face before he answered.
“You haven’t used your cane once John.”
Sherlock started laughing.
. Lovely girl, my Maddie. And unfortunately dead, but…” He straightened up Bixie at his hip and placed it horizontally in a casual movement. “…you know.”
Sherlock shrugged although he winced at the pain.
Sherlock looked like he was trying to hold of a laugh but John was just relieved.
“Yes, now you can walk faster.”
Sherlock looked into the far distance and his mouth was pinched into a hard line.
“Very well brother. So… I had an extremely interesting conversation with a certain Miss Adler. She told me everything about this so-called ritual Dr Watson performed.”
Unbonded Alphas didn’t just touch unbonded Omegas and they never really never scent them without being at least engaged.
He started at his feet and worked his way to his face.
When they arrived, Harry was already there. She hugged John. “Merry Christmas. I’m so glad to see you, I want to tell you something.”
“And… how … I mean when… did you become a ghost?”
“I… tried to find a way out of the house but nothing worked and in the end, the bookshelf fell on me and I was… stuck.”
When he finally got it, John raised his eyebrows and then beamed at his mate who had now a smug smile on his face.
Another bang.
With his past experiences with relationships to other humans, he always thought that they were right. He wasn’t normal- he had never been like other kids or teenagers or later even adults.
“Obviously as your straight flatmate. Don’t be so thick, John.”
John sat down at his one and cleared his throat.
“And you’re armed and I’m not.”
He was quite proud of himself and judging the look on John’s face he was just relieved.
After a while, John found his breath again and Sherlock continued.
Sherlock just waited expectantly.
He knew that it was ridiculous but for him, John was the most beautiful thing he had ever seen and he wished that he could stop the time so that they could stand there for eternity.
“Oh yes, and the name of his older brother was Mycroft.”
“So, when and with whom was your first kiss?”
Besides all this scenting was a really intimate act.
He was intended to let Sherlock do whatever he wanted so he stood still while his partner started to caress his chest and shoulders with his hands.
He helped Sherlock into a cab and they drove to the inner city.
“No, you’re not. But I really want to sleep with you.”
Sherlock just couldn’t figure out what.
In front of him, there was the man he saw in the mirror. He stared at him and for a moment John was lost in his eyes.
“So…you changed your blood type? Or better the ritual changed it?”
Grinning like a soppy teenager he crawled back into the bed and lay down on his side watching Sherlock who seemed boneless.
The end
Sherlock smiled first but then frowned.
Since their bonding, they had only told Mrs Hudson of the change of their relationship and Sherlock had refused any cases because he didn’t want to end this little bubble they had created just for them.
“Yes, oh! I had to make the autopsy at you! Do you have any idea how I felt?”
He was such a curious child. He wanted to know anything about everything.
The whole day at work he thought about what had happened. This couldn’t all just be in his head. He decided to check where the bangs came from when he would be home.
“What?”
He also was proud of himself that he had managed to climb the stairs without help although he was exhausted and shaking everything he did it.
With a determined look on his face, Sherlock started taking his t-shirt off.
No fluids from Sherlock because he was everything else but aroused.
For a moment the DI only stared at them but then he snapped.
Finally, he sighed.
“I’ll do it. It’s worth a try.”
He took a few steps until he stood in front of him and then he looked helpless at the other man.
When he was twenty-seven years old, he had been already used to the pitying looks he had gotten from anyone because he had been unbonded.
But this couldn’t be true. He wondered what was happening to him.
He felt tears prickle behind his eyes, but he refused to let them fall. Then he felt Sherlock’s hand in his, which made him look his in the face. He saw Sherlock register his tears, and felt him squeeze his hand.
He put them on Sherlock’s skin and tried not to think about the fact that he was now touching Sherlock for the first time except for when he had opened his mouth.
“What happened?”
This time John gently urged Sherlock towards the bed until his knees met it and they both fell.
Sherlock looked seriously worried- that was new.
Sherlock nodded.
They always acted like a mirror.
“Hormones? What hormones, Sherlock? I mean do you want to tell me that you’re…”
He refused to sit next to the Alpha who looked at him with a predatory look which let Sherlock stiffen even more.
Sherlock agreed.
Meanwhile in the living room sat a really dumfound looking ghost with a gaping mouth.
“That’s interesting. I wonder if there’s a matching one on my back.”
John navigated them both so that they were lying on their sides to make the time until the knot would swell up more comfortable.
This couldn’t be true. Such things happen to other people- to normal people but not to him.
Now it seemed like he was smiling widely at Sherlock.
“Okay. Then tell me everything I need to know.”
“Hey. I know it’s unfair, but it’s more than I ever dared hope for. I thought they would disown me, or something like that. So can we please just be grateful for the fact that they’re trying really hard?”
“No?”
The thought alone let him shudder.
cheek
When he sat down he just watched Sherlock who was blowing impatiently at the hot fluid until he could drink it.
“You won’t do any tests without my surveillance.”
“John? Are you alright?”
“Good morning.”
When the family of the house came into their front yard that day, they were very sad.
When they sobered Sherlock stood up and grabbed one bag and went behind a corner to change.
Sherlock looked like he was about to sulk but he nodded.
Then he leaned forward and started kissing Sherlock while slowly entering his hole with one finger.
“Chemistry and music. Your turn.”
John would ask questions and he couldn’t deal with that just now. He needed time to think, time to make a plan and to be honest, he was looking forward to a quiet evening with John.
Sherlock thought back to the first dinner at Angelo’s they shared.
At John’s tone, Sherlock let his gaze wander over the other man. He seemed distressed.
Before he could realise what was happening he had a crying John on him.
“Who?”
With a sigh, he turned back to the mirror.
“No, my dear. He ensured it.”
Lestrade chewed on his lips for a few moments.
Every time Peyton told them about a special exciting case, they would come and “help” or just spending time with her since she didn’t really need their help anymore.
Every Alpha could easily claim the Omega by biting his neck in such a position.
“No, I don’t. You see, my work is really time-consuming. I don’t really have the time to go out and meet people that aren’t already dead.”
That night Sherlock went again upstairs to look at John. He pressed his lips together into a line and just stared at him.
“But actually I just want to thank you. You saved my life. You didn’t need to do that but you did. I mean you were though the reason why I thought I was mentally ill but I think that you didn’t calculate that I would kill myself instead of moving out. So I forgive you and I’m just truly thankful that you saved me. I …okay that was all I wanted to say. Okay.”
John smiling while his pregnant Omega, which would probably be a blond woman with blond curls was standing next to him snuggling into his side while he had the arm around her shoulders.
“Right.”
Suddenly, his father gripped his arm, leaning in to speak to him in a low voice.
John pressed his lips together. After a moment he sighed.
John looked really unhappy, but he thought about it.
When he was able to speak again he raised his eyebrows.
John smiled back.
“You know… such things aren’t easy… and it definitely could only happen under certain requirements.”
He flushed the water again and looked down at the body he had had to destroy to make this graceless world Grace-less.
The detective swirled around and stared at the older man.
He shrugged. Maybe he simply had forgotten it.
He had been happy nevertheless. Or at least that had been what he had been saying to himself.
“I hope you would punch him in the face, because that’s what he would deserve!”
John’s whole family will be there, even his father.
“Um…John Watson… Doctor John Watson.”
They heard his calm answer. “It was an accident, John.”
It didn’t matter how advanced the society nowadays was or seemed, the rules were still the same for many years, especially for Omegas.
Sherlock nodded, grateful for the fact that John knew when he didn’t want to talk about something.
“Hi, John. I wondered if Sherlock could look at these. We really stuck at them and I thought that he’s maybe bored and so…”
For John, they had put a wool blanket around him which made him look like he was wearing a wool jumper.
She turned, and Mr Watson followed her upstairs. As soon as they stood in front of the door they could hear John yelling at Sherlock.
Mrs Hudson was a little bit surprised to see him when she opened the door.
“Oh, Sherlock darling, does Mycroft know? Or when will you tell him?”
She hugged him hard, squeezing the air out of him. Then his parents began to ask questions about the wedding, and John entwined his fingers with Sherlock’s and relaxed.
He didn’t have the strength to manage the stairs again after such a short time.
They felt a sudden need to comfort them but the DI repressed that because he didn’t want to create the impression that he was interested in Sherlock.
“Just to sleep.”
After one hour suddenly the doorbell rang. Sherlock considered not going but the ringing didn’t stop and so he forced himself to the door.
John raised his eyebrows, too surprised to reply immediately. Then, he saw an opening, and started speaking slowly.
Everything was in his place and there was no human or animal. He checked every room and saw if he had locked the door but everything was fine. Maybe the crash was really just in his dreams; he thought and went to bed again.
He was cut off by Lestrade.
Sherlock actually smiled at that.
“Are you sure?”
And then she passed out.
She had seen his dead body; she had spoken at his funeral. She met the unusual coloured eyes and then she heard his distinctive voice.
John liked the house. The furniture was old but cosy.
Sherlock searched in John’s face for signs that would show if he was lying but he found nothing.
Sherlock rubbed himself dry as far as he could and then eyed the clothes. It was a sleeping shirt and pyjama trousers – both in blue. He smiled at that, remembering the conversation they had had about their favourite colours.
He had to swallow loudly. Before he could answer she spoke again, now looking concentrated.
“I have a day off on Friday… you know how absurd this situation is?”
“Not well. I mean I already told you. My muscles are clearly cramping and my skin is sore. And everything is too bright, too loud and smells too much. It’s obvious that my senses are overloaded.”
“Oh God, yes.”
John went to work and felt more peaceful than he did for a long time. He joked with some colleagues and he felt sanguine.
When he was ready he went to Sherlock who looked just genuinely anxious.
Sherlock just looked at him without answering.
“Just one moment.”
The man cleared his throat a little nervously. “Yes, hello ma’am.. I think I’m at the wrong door. I’m looking for John Watson.”
The next day started quite uneventfully with John making his breakfast. They both waited for a call from Lestrade. Then John decided to shop some groceries. He told Sherlock but he only made an acknowledging sound while he was sitting at his chair, still reading some papers from the last day.
With just a few metres left to the door, John’s father caught up with them - and shouted after them so loudly that John doubted there was anyone in the room who couldn’t hear him.
The kiss turned passionately fast and John slowly removed first Sherlock’s pants and then his own.
He still stood in place and so Sherlock frowned.
“Of course.”
Terra, id defendi!
“How?”
While he was waiting for the closing of the graveyard John thought about what he was about to do.
“Are you mad? No. You’re unarmed.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes.
“I mean you died and now you’re forced to live here with a stranger…”
John suppressed a laugh and only raised his eyebrows.
“No, no. That was the right thing. I’m just so confused now. I don’t know whether that's an excuse to behave like he has been. Should I still be angry with him?”
“So… was Molly your…girlfriend?”
Sherlock’s right hand grasped at the napkin which was nearly completely destroyed by now.
“You are the only one who could seriously let a crime scene appear like a romantic scene from a movie.”
He went pale. He didn’t remember making it.
“This is what has always happened. No renter wanted to stay longer than a week. I’m surprised that you made it this long.”
It was unusual for him to lose control of himself and he didn’t know why it happened.
“Oh.”
“Yes?”
Why did he say “future Alpha” and not just “Alpha”?
After that life couldn’t have been better for him.
But although some people he knew would say differently, he didn’t have the desire to die.
“No. Why are you so shocked about that fact?”
Sherlock groaned and rolled his eyes.
“That was
John looked pained while pressing the words out.
Sherlock smiled.
It had been no surprise that she had been way cleverer than an average kid should be but it was indeed a surprise as she declared that she wanted to take over Sherlock’s job.
“Theoretically it’s his right because I belong to him or as good as. We’re engaged.”
“So you really love me?”
The knob was still warm when he held it in his gloved fist for a second. He had held it several times when he had followed Grace there to figure out how and where to keep her heartbeat from disturbing the world disorder. After each Arsenal indoor match, Grace and Cody usually spent an insufferable amount of time drinking chocolate and chattering about football, school plans, trains (they seemed to be obsessed with them), and other shades of nonsense leaning over those round tables.
Air, let it breathe!
He punched him as hard as he could, which wasn’t that hard because he was an Omega and he hadn’t eaten for a few days.
He was close.
She let him not really a choice and so everything was settled. In two weeks he was going to move to a mental institution.
“And to my knowledge, I will never bond.”
John was frozen and had no idea what to say to that so he remained silent.
As soon as he stood the eyes of the other man widened in shock and he vanished.
Suddenly former unpopular pupils who had been bullied had become interesting. Or at least to the others. They had fought for their attention. All of this had seemed rather suspect and disgusting to Sherlock
Suddenly all events of the last day rushed back to him. His pulse fastened. He wanted to kill himself, he remembered. There was a man who hit the gun from his hand. A man who vanished right after it happened.
“That was brilliant, as always,” John complimented softly. Sherlock just shrugged and made a vacant gesture with his hand. John laughed at that and grabbed his sleeve to pull him closer. “Oh come on. Don’t act like you don’t know how amazing you are.”
“I don’t sleep, John. And… I heard my name.”
“Really, John? Did you buy me jeans? I don’t wear jeans.”
“Okay. I think it would be best if you go alone to the wedding, and I’ll stay here. No lying, no truth either.”
John laughed wholeheartedly and got Sherlock the mirror. He studied himself for a long while.
When it had been time to go to bed, Sherlock had gone first to the bathroom and lay down, awkwardly waiting for John.
“He was on a journey for his work. He arrived a few hours later and found him. That was the only time I saw him showing emotions. He trembled and held his brother. It was heart-breaking.
Sam Lestrade smiled at his mate whose dark long hairs were in a messy bun and leaned forward to kiss her cheek.
“What was your big case about?”
“Oh yes, I’m sure that he’ll be devastated.”
Letting go his breath he felt himself relaxing.
“It’s a wonder that a freak like you could produce something that cute. But we’ll see maybe she will be exactly as freakish as you when she’s older.”
He absentmindedly pulled her in the second cabin and tried to sit her on the closet lid, but she didn’t seem to be able to sit upright and slid awkwardly between the wall and the WC.
John laughed.
He gestured at Sherlock’s whole feature.
“Oh, I think that was a compliment for my tea. Thank you. But wait…it’s now my job to make you tea all the time right?”
Now John had the nerve to wink at Sherlock and he was in that moment more than grateful as ever that he wasn’t able to blush.
The Alpha placed kisses on Sherlock everywhere he could reach while the Omega laughed.
“I think we answered enough questions for today.”
The curls, that were just beginning to grey while his hair had been completely grey for a few years, which was terribly unfair, were tickling his nose while his mate studied his screen.
There was nothing left of the somehow grinning, tall and the most beautiful thing in the world for John.
“But-“
Sherlock cut her off.
As John walked through the shop he watched the other people talking, laughing and some even fighting. He saw an exhausted mother with her crying child who didn’t get what it wanted. There was also a teenage girl who was just looking at her phone while her father talked about apparently boring stuff. John let his gaze wander over everyone and suddenly he felt a huge pain in his chest when he thought about the fact that Sherlock would never be able to do something like that again. He would never amber through the supermarket. He would never be annoyed by the incredible long waiting line or the incapable staff.
John had to hide a fond smile at that sight behind his cup while drinking.
John’s scent.
John smiled at that and Sherlock smiled a bit back but frowned soon after.
“What’s so funny?”
She opened her eyes and after her gaze found Sherlock she just stared at him.
“Think about it. As soon as you’ll move out the next renter will be here. Another person I’ll need to get rid of.”
“John?”
He looked at the rocks which framed the mantelpiece.
“John. It’s obvious that you feel obligated to talk to me. You want to be polite. Just...don’t.”
With that, he circled John until he could hug him from behind.
“Yes?”
“Mhm-mhm.”
He swallowed, cleared his throat and answered.
The words were out before Sherlock could stop them.
“It had no use. I didn’t need it.”
Aer, id aspirandi cura!
They both went inside and Sherlock got the coat and a matching scarf.
Finally, Sherlock slammed his fist into the mattress. “John! Enough! I’m ready! Please, oh, just…please!”
“We don’t have to walk far. Just get a cab and let’s walk in the city a few steps.”
The next day John’s heat had started and everything from these three days was kind of blurry.
“Oh of course! I would be glad to show it to you. And don’t worry- I’ll make you an affordable price. What’s your name, my dear?”
“What do you want?”
Sherlock froze and just looked helpless at John who looked uncomfortable himself.
The Omega frowned.
John could only stare at the beautiful man in front of him while he was opening his belt and trousers which didn’t hide his interest even a bit but John was pleased to see that Sherlock was in the very same state.
They were currently walking on a case involving a drug ring that was actually just a cover for a facility that held Alphas captured and used them as involuntary sperm donators and he was honestly tired to the bone.
There were also other differences between them.
They had kissed each other and now he was cuddled against John.
He was frozen on his spot and didn’t even have any words to answer. As his mother noticed that, she released a dose of dominant Alpha pheromones.
“Good night, John.”
“Yes. And after that, I told you who her ex was.”
The talk had burned itself into his mind palace and was playing in an infinite loop and it always caused the same empty cold feeling in his chest as before although he didn’t know why.
John grabbed the shovel and started digging again. He dug something like a talus out of the hole.
Sherlock just calmly pushed himself upright  from the wall he was leaning on, and waited until Lestrade stood directly in front of him.
Sherlock nodded and looked thoughtful.
John was stunned. He just stared at Sherlock for a moment until his head snapped up and he lifted one questioning eyebrow.
Sherlock was now standing in front of John who was just looking at him with watery eyes and tried not to be too ashamed because of the scene he caused.
John turned around to see that Sherlock was now standing arms crossed and frowning.
“Are you serious Mycroft? We can’t just let this happen! You were on my side!”
He groaned, and turned his face towards the owner of the hand. The soft black curls, haphazard in sleep above porcelain skin, the closed eyes, even breaths. Sherlock was sleeping like a rock. It was a rare scene, because Sherlock slept so seldom - but when he did finally give in, he slept like a dead man, and threw his limbs around ruthlessly.
John frowned.
John sighed.
“Oh, Sherlock. You don’t even believe it yourself do you?”
He was dressed in a grey pyjama bottom and a blue t-shirt, his blue satin dressing gown which wasn’t closed, hung lose over everything.
dawned on her.
John sighed and slid the heavy hand from his face onto the mattress, watching carefully for any sign of the man beside him waking. Sherlock laid on his stomach with his face towards John. The sight in front of him put a smile on his face.
“Well… the day I found the last missing piece of the case I was so happy that I didn’t observe my surroundings enough and so… when I came home the killer of the victims of the case was already here and before I could do something against it, he killed me.”
He couldn’t talk further. His voice had broken at the end and now he was fighting against the upcoming sobs in his throat.
“Blood- of course. It’ll require your blood. But now comes the tricky part.”
He was clinging at the arms of the chair.
Then they heard a third voice next to them.
That’s the reason why he always thought that he would be doomed to be alone forever and he didn’t really care about that for most of the time.
Just for one moment he foolishly thought that he might have changed his mind about bondings and that he maybe had discovered that he had feelings for him.
Slowly he moved in front of the detective and sit down on the bed but he got no reaction from his friend.
“You really want that, right?”
Sherlock frowned but kept quiet and so John grinned triumphal.
“I know that. But I thought you could talk to the police officers here so that they’ll make less fuss in relation to working with me.”
He had never thought that he would ever bond or have children and now that he was this happy he wouldn’t have ruled out to have more children in the future.
“John. I really don’t think that you should do that. There’s no way that they will believe you. In the best case they’ll just think that you’re crazy and laugh but in the worst case they will lock you up.”
Sherlock cleared his throat and avoided John’s eyes.
Greg grinned and mock-whispered to him the next.
Since then, they shared a flat and solved crime together.
Due to the stress of the prior days, Sherlock’s heat came two days later.
“No, it’s okay. I’ll survive sleeping in his room.”
“I love you, too.”
His pulse rate sped dangerously up in a mixture of anticipation and panic.
“John isn’t a stranger.”
“John. Wake up.”
With these words, he said goodbye to a very confused looking landlady.
As soon as John was brought to Scotland Yard to give his statement he was surrounded by the smell of a really upset Sherlock.
Then John noticed how late it was.
He looked up from the newspaper he was currently reading while drinking his coffee.
John cocked his head.
The Alpha always told him what he would do to him if he was his Omega and that he needed to be shown where his place was.
Currently, he was working on his book about their daughter, who was the reason why they could retire peacefully.
“Okay.”
And then there had been this one case.
Sherlock had shaken his head while taking John’s hand to kiss every knuckle.
“Hey! I like beige! I often wear it!”
“Okay. You’re right. That’s for the best.”
It was simple biology, Alphas didn’t like it when Omegas were in distress or upset.
“Wow. That… sounds logical. But this is a cold case. So I have to open it up again and talk with everyone who was involved back then. I would say that as soon as I have someone who could give us more information, I would bring them here, so you could talk to them. I mean your deductions seem helpful. Would that be okay?”
“Yes, and I think I found the best solution. When I was alive- the first time- I always wore suits. They were of course tailored but if I went to my tailor he would inform Mycroft immediately and I don’t want that. So… I’ll write down my measurements for you and you’ll go with them to him and get me some clothes.”
“So…you were close to them?”
“What do you mean, he’s not like us?”
Sherlock beamed at him.
“Oh, now you’re lying, John. You only wore it once and you said that it itched, so I did you a favour.”
Mycroft hadn’t even flinched at his brother’s yelling and now he sighed disappointed.
Sherlock just shrugged but gestured to John to keep going. “So… first of all of this happened next to a body that lay on the street. Not romantic, but very us. Then you were really brilliant. You were suddenly shouting deductions at a speed that I thought no human was capable of. That’s why I proposed to you in the middle of a crime scene - because I couldn’t wait any longer. I had planned to propose to you on that evening during dinner - much more romantic, but more boring too. And then you didn’t answer for about ten minutes and just stared at nothing - at least, it felt like at least ten minutes. It was terrifying. But then you said finally yes and hugged me and half the police were laughing and cheering.
John clenched his fists but took breathing calm before he spoke again.
When they entered the Yard one week later all heads turned towards them.
“Girlfriend? No… that’s …really not my area.”
“Hm… and you had never the chance to tell them who the murder was?”
John woke up with a start. His alarm bell had put an end to the dream but his body wasn’t finished yet. He groaned and went to the shower to deal with it.
John swallowed and nodded.
John took a few calming breaths and then he answered.
“Okay. Well, I thought that I should probably move out if you want that. I mean I already looked for apartments and flats in the newspaper but at the moment it seems like there are none that I could afford. So… if you give me a few weeks I could…”
For a while, only their synchronic panting was to be heard until John’s knot swelled completely and united them.
But he had been incredibly bored and so he had taken it.
“I asked you what your big case was about.”
He clenched his fists, stepped in front of his father and stared him in the eyes.
“What do you mean? He’s at the clinic, working. Where should he be?”
John came in and lay down next to him.
After drinking it he looked into Sherlock’s eyes.
He pressed himself at John and embraced him like a crazy octopus in fear he could leave him.
When they entered the room Lestrade gestured John to sit down.  Then he left the room.
But this would be easy because it was John and John liked him and was his friend.
If you had asked his former schoolmates - no one.
Sherlock felt that the warm water was helping for his cramping muscles. They started to hurt less.
With that, he had turned his whole body away and you could hear that his breathing had been shaky.
Sherlock nodded and Lestrade turned, gesturing for Sherlock to follow.
Someone was still here while he was coming home.
He looked to Sherlock, who was watching him with so much love in his eyes and so much fondness in his expression that he had to force himself to move his gaze to his family. They all looked back at him with warm smiles on their faces.
“It’s very important to find out if my organs work properly to I think I should drink and eat something.”
“I think you should know that I had also a few boyfriends in my life. I mean it was nothing serious. But none of my previous relationships were. I mean I never loved someone. Not really. I mean…okay… that’s it… I think. Good night.”
Each of them drifted into the living room after dinner, and settled themselves on cosy sofas with glasses of punch, while the fire in the chimney gave the room a cosy orange glow.
Sherlock sighed and nodded.
“But now you’re here. That’s all that matters. Come in, I’ll take you to them.”
“John.”
John had seriously the nerve to chuckle at that but he stopped abruptly as Sherlock was sitting up and grabbing the Alpha’s length.
After a while, Sherlock broke the spell by speaking.
First, he thought that he had just dreamed the noise during his usual nightmares about war but no there was definitely a loud crash. Slowly he stirred to get out of his bed and tried to make as little noise as possible. He looked at his bedside cabinet where his gun lay in a drawer.
Sherlock was frowning now and John immediately regretted his joke.
Or that was what John hoped anyway. He didn’t want him to know that he was going to do some research to find out if there was any way to bring him back.
He couldn’t stand the thought of coming home only to find it empty with no hope of seeing his ghost again.
“And John? What about you?”
“No… I didn’t fake my death. I was really dead. I just came back yesterday.”
“Sherlock?”
“Who’s Greg?”
“Don’t act so arrogant. It’s clear that this is the thing that holds you here. You weren’t able to get the murderer and so you became a ghost.”
When he kicked Grace Wilkinson’s half-clothed legs to shut the cabin door, he had the strange impression he was forgetting something important.
the end of the story.”
“Look, do you trust me?”
He knew what to do. He had killed people during the war. This wasn’t different.
Only mates do that.
“What? No! No. This is definitely not the case. Why would you think that?”
Wonderful, completely perfect John-he still couldn’t believe it and now he even had gotten his first kiss from him.
Obviously encouraged by this, Sherlock started to open his own shirt. Then he also removed his trousers and started to work at John’s belt.
After a while, John knew that he wouldn’t make it far longer and so he started to stroke Sherlock’s length in the same rhythm as his thrusts.
When Sherlock came back to the living room, John held his breath.
“It’s okay.”
“Don’t be ridiculous. No, of course not. That would be scientifically impossible.”
“Don’t mess with me! I told you that he’s dead!”
John’s hurt look when he told him the reasons to bond with him.
John found a job at the surgery and his colleagues welcomed him.
So this would defiantly be too risky.
Lestrade told him that Liam got a life-sentence.  John gave that information to Sherlock who just nodded.
“To my knowledge, you are registered as an Alpha.”
“Oh, he was a bad man and Sherlock helped me when he was supposed to be executed.”
The other man nodded and hurriedly obeyed.
His mother laughed a dry laugh and looked at him like he was once more a young child.
Then John put the tray away and crawled to Sherlock whom he after that pulled in his arms.
He then collapsed breathless on Sherlock although he supported most of his weight with his arms.
John was gaping at him but Sherlock didn’t even pause to give him a chance to answer.
Lestrade patted him on the shoulder. “Come. Let’s see what your detective found.”
He got one in two days and he was looking forward to telling her what had happened.
John smiled at him and he felt himself smiling back.
John looked really sad and a bit shocked because Sherlock acted this untouched.
Sherlock answered before his dad could. “He started to see a therapist and obviously it’s working.”
It had also been the first time that John had stayed overnight, which had been an experience.
John was now just standing there in a white t-shirt which Sherlock also removed quickly.
“Oh, you’re just jealous, Greg.”
The blonde man’s pupils were full blown and Sherlock felt his face getting warm.
John considered taking it but he decided against it because he thought it was probably too exaggerated. He went to the stairs to go downstairs without switching the lights on. As soon as he reached the living room he had to admit that there was absolutely nothing.
He avoided Sherlock’s gaze and nodded and turned around as fast as he could. He almost ran to his room.
He didn’t know what this answer meant and so he also went upstairs and changed into his pyjamas which went almost without any pain and then he laid down under the covers.
There was John, still asleep but still holding Sherlock with his arm.
John only laughed at that and after a bit of scrolling, he found her real name. It was Irene Adler and it was an ordinary name which made John only shake his head.
He took a shaky breath before he continued.
Nevertheless, his features showed a sharpness that took his breath away. It was as if he had known everything about John or maybe about everything in general.
She was reaching her hand for soap when the realization
Sherlock shook his head.
Mother Nature,
It took him longer to realize what had happened.
Sherlock shrugged.
On that occasion, they always made sure to visit Lestrade and Molly and even Mycroft.
It took a while but he managed it.
The Omega was taken aback.
“How do you know that this isn’t just a fraud?”
Just when he pushed Mr Bowtie’s fuzzy head in her mouth, he realized what kind of triumph had spread on her face (if she could have moved her facial muscles, of course).
“Yes, it’s me.”
“What?”
He took off his jacket and went to the living room. There he stood in the middle of the room, his hands on his hips.
The older man laughed at that logic.
John felt he needed to intercept.
“Um… there was an instruction which said that I have to destroy it as soon as I read it.”
“I know that. But I want you with me. Is that so hard to believe?”
“What? I’m not looking like… It’s just… I’m sorry. I mean if I hadn’t brought you back you wouldn’t have this pain and stuff.”
John was just enjoying himself, leaning at the kitchen counter and sipping at his tea when Sherlock suddenly yelled at him from John’s chair in the living room while glaring at him.
So they both waited and waited one day at a time.
“After that, I deduced that the barkeeper was also working at the zoo. Later, I overheard that Ember told someone that she - quote -  ‘was so happy when they arrived’ and that she ‘was so sad that she couldn’t work with them because they’re so cute but who would have thought that she was allergic to them?’
“I’m sorry that you had to make such bad experiences but not everyone is like that. And to be honest I think if someone didn’t like your character then this person is an idiot. I mean I told you so many times that you’re brilliant and amazing and I mean it. Your look is just the cherry on the cake.”
“Better. My skin barely hurts anymore and my muscles are…on their way to become normal again.”
“Um… okay…oh, I know one… your favourite food?”
Forcing himself to relax, he nodded and let John pull him upstairs.
It was the movement of a child and so it should make John look weaker but it did the opposite.
Sherlock scannedJohn’s face intently for a long moment, like he was looking for something. After some time, he seemed satisfied that he’d discovered it.
John had come after all very often to visit him but only they had known that this time wouldn’t be like the others.
John laughed at that, and leaned in to give him a small kiss. As soon as their lips met, he tried to pour all his love into it, and he felt Sherlock pulling one of his hands free, snaking it up and placing it on John’s neck instead to hold him in place.
At that moment, Lana Del Rey began to whine fiercely by loudspeakers far away.
None of this could have been honest. And dishonesty seriously still repelled him until this day.
That didn’t help at all and so he looked like he might faint. John, always the doctor, looked pointedly at Sherlock and then urged Lestrade to sit down.
“I think it’s obvious that you’re in greater need of a cleaning than me. And don’t look at me like that. I’m fine. You can take a shower and come back and I’ll still be fine. So go.”
“Now explain to me why she’s laying in front of our stairs.”
“Sorry, I didn’t want to wake you. I just tripped and let my stuff fall.  Anyway, I got what I found. I looked for something to check you.”
Disappointed he had to notice that it was dry there.
Sherlock raised his eyebrows and waited for John to explain.
“Why?! How can you even ask that? He tried to rape you God damn it!”
“You mean Mycroft’s room.”
“I guess my stomach disagrees with us. So…I think I have to go and make breakfast. But don’t worry. You don’t have to leave this bed. I’ll bring everything upstairs.”
“You know we could just break this bond here.”
“How?”
He looked at John and Sherlock, nervous and insecure in a way John had never seen his father act before, and waited.
He swallowed past the lump in his throat and tried one more time, well aware how hurt he sounded.
Before the food appeared, the talk was light and civil. The meal passed with compliments on outfits, discussion of the food, and cheerful reflection on the ceremony - but as soon as the dinner was finished, John’s father began the questioning.
Francesca just frowned and made a few notes. After a few moments of silence, she looked up and sighed.
“So I want to apologise, and hope that you would still talk to me.”
“Oh come one which doctor insists on being called by her first name? Please.”
They walked a bit and made a bit window shopping.
“Okay…usually, I would ask something like the first kiss and stuff… but we already talked about that. So…favourite animal?”
“Do you really think so?”
He would be lying if he would say that he had never imagined himself with Sherlock as his Omega.
But what could he do? He could flee, leave the country.
John knew instantly that this must be “The woman” – the owner of the shop. Her smile made him feel uneasy- it was the smile of a predator who just found its next victim. He looked back at her hand which was still on his shoulder and then back at her. She took the hint and let the hand drop. Then she spoke with a smooth voice that matched her smile.
“No, don’t worry.”
“I did it.”
It was now two weeks after Lestrade had left.
He stared into nothing and didn’t seem to notice anything anymore from the world outside his head.
The two of them standing in front of a house with a garden, in front of them two more children of them playing something.
John had sighed and also turned his head towards him.
For a moment John froze because he had seriously forgotten about that.
Liam Bellamy was guilty in eight cases of death. His court trial would be in two days.
“You have to know that I was working on my first big case as a consulting detective at that moment and I was confident of victory. Maybe too much. I was acting too careless.”
“Yes, men who want to shag other men. He always said that they want every guy and as soon as you aren’t careful enough, they will get you, because they aren’t able to stop themselves.”
By that time the bathtub was full so John shut it off and then locked his eyes with the man in front of him. He wanted to make sure that it was truly okay for him and so he waited until the other one nodded again.
This fact made the detective a bit sad although he would never admit it.
In this chapter is a very small Doctor Who reference- congratulation to everyone who finds it :D
The door of the cabin nearby was being locked again. Someone was there. A rescuer?
Sherlock frowned.
It almost seemed like he was smiling.
“Not yet.”
“Hey! They weren’t awkward! They were trying to be nice after all that happened at the wedding.”
John woke with a start when a heavy hand landed directly on his face. He blinked his suddenly wide eyes, and squinted, noting that the sun was barely filling the room. He turned his head to look at his watch.
The cup John had been holding landed on the floor crashing while he spun around.
“Okay… actually that’s way too expensive for me but… okay. I’ll buy it. See it as an early birthday present alright?”
“She did know everything about us without me telling one thing!”
“Ready? Ready for what?”
“It was ever only you, John. And it probably ever will be you.”
Sherlock couldn’t bear seeing John like this and so he had turned himself on his side and moved closer until his chest had touched John’s back.
He pulled his fingers out, hurriedly coating lube onto his already leaking hard on.
“But… from where? I checked everything. There was no laptop.”
Sherlock smirked a bit.
He was getting angry now but he couldn’t stop himself.
John stopped, a devilish smirk gradually slipping into a soft smile, and met his lover’s eyes. Sherlock’s pupils were full-blown.
With that they ended the call and John got back to work.
John nodded.
A murder in a school – barely even a five for Sherlock.
“Oh don’t be such a fun killer. It’s not my fault that you’re an open book. You wear every emotion right on your face. It’s not that hard.”
“Oh, thank God, you made tea. You know I also tried making it while you were gone but I just didn’t get the taste how you make it and so I didn’t like it.”
Sherlock wiggled impatiently under him and John made little hush sounds while leaving kisses over his chest on his way down.
) lit her eyes as she stared at the teddy-bear he was holding in his hand and recognized the murderer she had heard of on telly.
Sherlock gave her a fake smile in return but she didn’t seem to notice.
“Then I guess congratulations are in order,  to both of you. And let us know when the event is. This time hopefully without a murder, right?”
John's eyes widened before he replied.
John chuckled weakly.
The older brother worked for the government but was always so reserved so that I don’t know more about him.
“Okay, wait, wait.”
As soon as John came downstairs after another sleepless night, their gazes full of infinite sadness met. They just looked at each other for a few minutes, neither of them in need of words. When John’s eyes became watery and he had to swallow hard, he broke the gaze and went to the kitchen to make himself breakfast. Sherlock’s eyes followed him the whole time.
He sighed and drank his tea. Then he called her and made an appointment on Friday.
“What? Why? This isn’t his field of responsibility.”
John leaned into the touch and smiled fondly.
He had never seen him acting like that before.
“Why would I do that?”
It became clear quite quickly that John showed no intentions of continuing their actions, and Sherlock’s stare morphed into a pronounced pout.
“If you really wanted to get rid of me that bad you just had to ask me to move out! I even asked you if I should go and you said no! This is a really grotty way to do it! I never thought you would do something like that! After everything that…”
Anderson and Sally weren’t that happy to see him alive again but Molly cried many happy tears and actually tried to hug Sherlock who shunned her.
“It’s almost morning, John! It’s four am! How can you expect me to sleep now?”
“Well… I loved sweet stuff. Like biscuits.”
There was no answer and so he slowly opened the door only to find his flatmate sitting on his bed in his dressing gown with his hands around his knees staring into nothing.
It certainly didn’t help that he was living together with an unbonded Omega.
“I want to breathe London.”
He pulled back and pushed in again and again until Sherlock cried,  “Harder, John!”
“Don’t worry. It won’t happen again.”
He also tried to move everything and it went easier than before.
He looked expectantly at Sherlock who just looked at John.
She looked unbelieving.
Then he slowly pushed in, until his whole length disappeared inside Sherlock.
“Okay…I assume you want easy questions at first. So… what was your favourite subject at school?”
It went the same way.
Sherlock nodded and explained his network. Then John took a deep breath.
John frowned but nodded.
He wore a dark tailored suit with a white shirt underneath and everything suited him like a second skin and showed how skinny he was.
The other man shrugged again.
He didn’t know if he should kiss him or say something to him.
A man with dark curls in a dark suit, looking straight at him.
“Which case do you mean?”
He offered him his hand and he took it, shaking it eagerly.
“I can understand why. Some weird stuff happens in this house. That’s why I want to know what happened there.”
“So, his name was Sherlock?”
Then John started to make dinner and went to bed afterwards. They barely talked to each other, both lost in their own thoughts.
John opened his eyes and looked into Sherlock’s which were full with actual fear.
“Um… no he doesn’t know yet and I don’t intend to tell him. But I guess that he just visits my grave on my birthday… which will be next week and then he’ll figure it out by himself. Until then… I’ll live in peace.”
When John woke up the next day, Sherlock was nowhere to be seen again. He remembered that he had to call the mental hospital on some point to let them know that he wouldn’t come. So he did just that and then made himself tea and breakfast and went to get a cab for visiting the shop.
.” He stressed her surname expectantly.
John’s eyes widened and he froze. In the background, he could vaguely see an open-mouthed Lestrade who seemed uncomfortable being there.
John glanced up at Sherlock’s face. He was frowning, and John was suddenly worried that he’d sounded too harsh. He really didn’t want to upset Sherlock, too..
After a few moments he cleared his throat.
A while later John first stirred and then slowly woke up.
He was cut off by a well-known baritone which sounded a bit shaky himself.
With one last pull, he dropped him into the wheelbarrow.
“You are the one who fell down the stairs and you’re asking me if I’m hurt?”
John groaned.
“I would give you a glass of water but I think my hands are tied.”
He waited for a reply while eating a few biscuits.
“Happy birthday. And don’t worry I’ll settle all the paperwork concerning your death. Oh and I let your stuff be delivered tomorrow.”
He dared to slowly open his eyes.
“How do you think they are going to take it?“ John asked, tucking his arms into his jacket.
Then his doorbell rang. His psychologist was there.
John sighed.
Then he came impossibly close so that John could almost feel his body heat.
“Check me?”
Someone who wasn’t Mycroft.
“Mrs Hudson? Can you hear me? I’m so sorry.”
There had to be a solution. What did he miss?
With that he placed a kiss in Sherlock’s wild curls and said man had a serious blackout and didn’t react at all which made – to Sherlock’s irritation- John laugh.
His whole body was shaking.
“But luckily I feel the same so you have no reason to worry.”
“Then help me downstairs so that I can start.”
John was sitting in his chair, sleeping. He was full of dirt and sweat and Sherlock could genuinely say that he never saw someone who was more beautiful.
“Can you touch me?”
He was a puddle.
“Goodnight, John.”
He opened his mouth to say something but closed it again. John understood.
As he came back into the living room he found Sherlock indeed exactly where he had left him which only showed how badly he could move.
It was Lestrade. He was back -with Liam.
The detective went downstairs only to find an extremely ugly room which had been apparently mostly used for a collection of ancient dolls.
He only knew that he couldn’t let John out of his sight at the moment or God knows what would happen.
John raised his eyebrows and laughed.
He was tall, way taller than John which he could see although he was still sitting.
He made a decision.
The brothers didn’t really talk to each other. It was like two strangers living together. I remember when they were little, they played often together and deduced people together.”
Sherlock smiled back.
“I think I know what happened but I don’t know if you should hear it.”
“You’re still here.”
Lestrade leaned now on the doorframe on the room where Sherlock stood in front of a few plants that were possible sources of the new drug.
She smiled at him in return but not for long.
“Um…nothing will happen now at night right? I mean now that I know that it’s you?”
“I’m not the only one you owe an apology to, dad,” John pointed out bitterly.
“Can he also work with you?”
John stared at the mirror for a long time, trying to see what definitely wasn’t there.
“I know it was just a joke. You’re not that cruel to say and mean such things. But I need you to know that I did that because I love you.”
John decided to go there the next day. Just as he grabbed the phone to order some food it rang which nearly caused John to let it fall.
“I don’t know actually… I love fish and chips.”
And that had been really a new thing.
John looked happy in his sleep, it seemed like he had no nightmare this night.
He took a few breaths and stood up while supporting himself on the bed.
Now her voice broke and a few tears were falling down her face.
John laughed and shook his head while he shot Sherlock, who was grinning while drinking, a fond look.
Sherlock just continued glaring at him.
“We need to change positions so that I can bite you. Can you do that for me?”
There was of course still the opportunity to try to get some poison pills that would definitely ruin his fertility if they wouldn’t kill him- no one wanted a broken Omega.
“Interesting.”
“Um… so will you stay?”
So John let his gaze wander over the man.
Sherlock sighed but smiled.
John just laughed.
“Um… I guess. Now let me help you up.”
They both laughed and John clapped a hand of the DI’s shoulder.
They breathed the same air.
Sherlock lifted his fingers and looked at them but nothing looked different. Then the prickling got worse. It felt like about a million ants were crawling over his whole body. This was getting uncomfortable. Suddenly he realized that he couldn’t move anymore. He was paralysed. He could only move his eyes. Then there was a feeling that he hadn’t felt for a long time. Fear.
“Are you sure? Or wait we’ll talk about this when I’m home okay?”
The remaining hours seemed to be in slow motion.
Suddenly the detective sprung onto his feet.
just to mark the undeniably pleasant part of it. But as widowed husband and mourning father – not to mention ex-long-term asylum guest – Liam Bellamy was a bit suspicious when it came to pleasure.
John sighed and then yelled.
“You can’t just-“
“I’m sorry, do we…” She narrowed her eyes thoughtfully. “Do we know each other?”
He went to the kitchen and put the kettle on. Then he flinched as he heard the baritone.
Sherlock guided him to the bed and just waited until he was ready to talk.
“Are you able to do a handstand?”
“Oh but Sherlock is, right?”
“No. I didn’t even know which of them it was - and even if I knew, I wouldn’t have.e I was too ashamed of it.”
“So… everything seems to be fine. That’s great.”
Sherlock forced what he hoped was a polite-looking smile onto his face, while John clenched his glass like he was trying to smash it. He hated how rude his father could be. He also knew that his father didn’t like it when you give clever answers, and he could see that Sherlock was teetering on the edge of bursting into loud deductions.
That was confusing for Sherlock because he thought that John didn’t want to sleep in the bed again but if he didn’t want that, why did he even ask.
“What does that mean? Did you have to go to the toilet?”
Then he pulled at Sherlock.
John tried to remember, and he was surprised that Sherlock even gave him the time when he already knew the answer. John knew he only let him think about it because he was trying to distract him, and that thought in itself was a beautiful distraction. It caused  a smile to sneak to John’s lips.
“I wasn’t frustrated! I-“
When it was time, he looked carefully around to make sure that he was definitely alone. Then he walked to the grave and started digging.
“Sherlock? What happened?”
The DI lifted his hands in defeat and John only looked puzzled at his flatmate while he was dragged to a cab.
Sherlock woke up from a few clashing sounds. He groaned as he realized that he had slept for six hours.
He decided not to mention it and grabbed Sherlock and guided him into the bathtub. When he was covered with water he turned to leave him alone.
Sherlock smirked at that and even Lestrade laughed a bit. After a while, he seemed to relax a bit.
He cupped Sherlock’s face with both of his hands and forced him to look at him.
He cleared his throat once more and focused on Harry.
It was just unfair that he couldn’t stop thinking about it.
“Wait. I thought we expect that my last case is holding me here. So…when the case is closed… according to this theory, I should see ‘the light’ and go into the afterworld. What’s then?”
“Why didn’t you… I don’t know call them or write them an e-mail?”
He opened the bathroom door and was just about to tell John what he had learned on the phone when the doorbell rang.
John nodded into nothing full with emotion. He let his gaze wander through the whole room but he was alone. He nodded once, accepting that he wouldn’t see him again. He turned around to go to his room when he heard a voice.
Sherlock shrugged.
“Nothing. I just got a glimpse of my future.”
John grinned.
“That’s all?”
Suddenly the doorbell rang and they jumped separating.
He could remember it like it had been yesterday.
“Let’s go home.”
He was a man of science and a genius. He could handle that.
A poker came through his stomach before he could do something about it.
Sherlock’s eyes widened and for a while, he didn’t answer at all so that John slightly considered just going to his room but then he spoke.
He let Sherlock’s gaze swallow him completely. It helped him calm down. It was as if the two of them lived alone in their own safe bubble, where no one could ever harm them.
Sherlock freed his left hand only to replace it with his right one while turning on his side, looking at John.
“Um… no sorry. He didn’t.”
“Are you okay?”
John heard the drop of the files which landed on the floor without needing to see the source.
“That’s one of the moments where I want to take your hands so badly.”
John stood up cursing and he punched the wall with his fist which made Sherlock flinch.
This wasn’t supposed to happen. Reluctantly he followed him and sat down across of him.
“Really well observed, John.”
She made a dismissing gesture with her hand.
As soon as he arrived at the Holmes estate he was feeling something similar to fear- something he wasn’t used to.
His mother sounded seriously amused at the scene in front of her which made his blood run cold.
Sherlock hoped that he wasn’t about to get sick or worse: He hoped that his heat wouldn’t decide to come way too early due to the stress the last few days.
That was almost too much for Sherlock’s brain to progress.
Second, he would never want to change that fact.
Mouth going dry he just stared at him.
Sherlock shrugged, reaching for some of the gifts and stacking them into John’s arms, and taking the rest of them himself.
Sherlock placed his hand on John’s left arm and he almost whispered the next bit.
John’s eyes had gone wide during his speech and then he had put a hand on his neck, pulling him down, while pushing himself up to kiss him.
John sighed.
“Oh, that’s cute. A doctor who not only helps the living but also the dead.”
“Oh- you can’t deduce that?”
So maybe it was him being in pain. But that also seemed ridiculous because of the fact that he was fine.
“I know someone who could tell you everything that you need to lock Mr Bellamy up.”
“Oh forget it I was only teasing.”
John was still on his knees when suddenly something started happening.
After that, they got called for dinner, which went pretty smoothly.  His father told everyone some stories of his youth, and his mum told them the newest gossip about their neighbours.
Then he fell onto his knees and just let the tears come.
John groaned when he woke up because of his alarm clock. He was surprised. It was the sixth day now that he slept through the whole night. He smiled. Maybe Francesca was right and it was just the stress and now everything would be fine.
“Now now, will you two please wait until you’re bonded before you descend on each other?”
He liked her when she didn’t speak. He liked everyone, as long as no word was spoken. So, when he collected his things and followed her in the ladies toilet, he did it out of pure curiosity.
“He’s still here.”
Sherlock was already completely gone by now.
“How do you feel in general?”
“So…you really think that before I died I created a projection of me, pretending to be here?”
He was one part of an item.
He packed everything in his backpack and started to push the wheelbarrow to his car that he had wisely rented.
“They should have seen that coming.”
Soon he was laid back on the bed while John was tearing his clothes away.
The next day Lestrade called them to let them know that he would visit them later with a Sargent, a forensic scientist and the specialist registrar of the morgue.
Mrs Hudson laughed warmly.
He left his hand on Sherlock’s face and leaned his forehead against Sherlock’s.
John made it and he took a few bits of it.
John looked impressed and then frowned.
“Is this clear, honey?”
The men made sure that they always let a noticeable space between them and that they never touched each other. They wandered through the guests, and John introduced Sherlock to everyone they had to talk to. Finally,  they split, and John went to his parents, while Sherlock went to the bar.
“Oh, that would have been very reliable. Genius, John.”
This spark was soon crushed as the detective told him his reasons.
Sherlock was full of his usual energy when there was a murder, but this time he hesitated and looked at John.
Now all hope left John.
Sherlock just nodded and Lestrade said his farewells while he shot John a worried look.
“Mummy, I think our presence here is no longer needed.”
After a few minutes, John leaned back, reached for the tube once more, put more lube on his hands, and finally teased Sherlock’s entrance.
“No… of course not. Think about it- I said it won’t be easy. You’ll need the essence of life.”
It shows trust on both sides but especially on the Omegas one.
“Obviously, John, but he has to talk to the police to explain me. So that they’ll causeless trouble about working with me.”
“What is your point? Or are you just here to annoy me?”
“Good morning.”
He was unusually quiet that evening but he wouldn’t push it and so John couldn’t do anything than go to bed.
“And what would that be?”
John grabbed Sherlock’s left hand with his right one in the middle of them.
Sherlock frowned but looked interested.
After a while, Sherlock cleared his throat.
Now Lestrade looked interested.
Sherlock just nodded.
He shook his head. “No, no. I don’t even know if I’ll be welcome.”
But there was a smell that he had never smelled before. Tea, a really intense smell of tea. And another new smell. The smell of another human- John.
“No, I’m not. But I really want this murderer to be locked up.”
“So… what can you tell me?”
“Did he prevent it?”
He could feel Sherlock’s smile.
He ran up the stairs only to see John fighting with the killer. They were both bleeding and it was obvious that they both had fallen down the stairs.
They didn’t have to wait long.
Now Sherlock was smiling a little smile that John would consider as adorable. He looked like he never met someone who liked him and that concerned John more than he would ever admit.
The older brother shot him now a disapproving look.
He wrote down the address and this said name and put it in the pocket of his jeans. That was the best place where Sherlock wouldn’t accidentally find it.
John also nodded and then left to do the shopping while Sherlock was sitting in his chair speechless.
John took the offered hand, and they walked together to their bedroom to pack for the trip, full of dread for the days to come.
He looked so peaceful in his sleep and John figured that he had to be the one who opened the door.
“My mother had chosen an Alpha for me with whom I have to bond with. I can’t do that for many reasons.
John nodded and chuckled.
“Do you remember how I used to tell you that someday you’ll be begging for me to fuck you? If my nose isn’t wrong I would say that this will be the case very soon.”
On New Year’s Eve, the fireworks exploded over their heads and he could marvel at the colours that were shining on his partner’s face.
He would no longer work, his only duty would be serving his Alpha and care for his children.
Everyone knew what happens if an Alpha bites an Omega outside of heat. It forces the body to go into heat within hours which is painful and very stressful.
Askiss turned into something more heated, John pulled away, and they pressed their foreheads together, both panting.
“What? No, no, no, no!”
“John!”
Bar feed and with his curls, in a greater mess than usual, the Omega seemed much younger and less untouchable.
That’s the reason why Sherlock often was the centre of attention when they were among Alphas although that stopped almost immediately as soon as he began to speak.
Then it was his turn to check the injuries and he looked at everything closely and put one hand to John’s face while doing that.
“Why do you want to help me?”
“Yes, I know. But this doesn’t mean that you don’t have a favourite food.”
“Um… okay here’re the terms. You drink something and then you’ll wait if you have to go to the toilet. And then if this happens you can try to eat something. Deal?”
“I don’t know. I guess I felt a bit guilty and wanted to cheer you up.”
Sherlock had said that so fast that John had to concentrate to keep up with it but he did and now he couldn’t stop his big smile that was now on his face.
They both laughed and John sighed.
They both didn’t know what to say, so John helped him out of the bathtub in silence.
His mother looked around in exasperation, crossing briefly the gaze of the man who was standing at the bar door. “Oh, Cody – can I
There he made everything as quick as possible which wasn’t hard for him because it was still in his habits from his army days.
“Look, John here’s no one beside you and me. You told me that you had a lot of nightmares and sometimes they can linger after we woke up. Furthermore, you had a really eventful time and you have a stressful job and not a lot of sleep. So it’s perfectly normal that you start to hallucinate.”
John could hear his own heartbeat being this near to Sherlock.
“Yes, sir. I’m a consulting detective -  the only one in the world, actually. You can look me up.”
Then he vanished without doing anything.
There would be another one like him. This time the father couldn’t help so this one would be noticeably smaller than him.
Bixie was the best part of it, anyway – even better than Mr Bowtie.
“So… now listen. It’s been one week now, John. One week! I think it is safe to say that there won’t be a light or something similarly ridiculous for me. So… I started to think about the thing you mentioned… the ritual.  However I still think that you’re crazy for wanting it but so I have to admit that I’m even madder than you are because I want it to.”
This was a blunt lie. Sherlock had lived there alone for many years before he met John - but John didn’t even think about correcting him.
It was also clear that Sherlock had no real smile. His mouth was only shaped like something that could be vaguely counted as a grin.
“That isn’t what people usually said.”
And again.
John took a deep breath, and started telling Sherlock everything he had learned about his father. It was messy, illogical, but Sherlock followed it without comment until John had run out of information to pass on and feelings to express, and they sat there in silence. Only their breathing could be heard.
“Call me when you need help or when you want out. I’m going to get some clothes for you.”
John was curious about what was going on in that man’s head.
thanks for reading! Kudos and comments mean everything to me! <3
“Oh is that so?”
Sherlock smirked and leaned himself closer to John. “Do I know that?”
The other kids had chuckled at this and Mrs Hamshire only became angrier.
Sherlock grinned while taking a sip of his tea.
In the end, they were able to get John who had only mild bruises and one contusion to one rib.
“I’m not even tired.”
That evening they had been dancing around each other both being too nervous about what had been about to come.
“What do you mean ‘and’? You can’t live with someone like that! I bet he’s into you, and that’s why he didn’t tell you that he’s one of them!”
“It’s his room. You were sleeping in my room.”
There were a few moments of silence.
Sherlock could almost picture such a family looking like it came right of a picture book.
“I would only help you if John was also allowed to come.”
Sherlock adjusted for what felt like the hundredth time his suit while looking into the mirror.
“You’re way heavier than you look.”
“Oh, so you’re back? “
Later that night when John was fast asleep, Sherlock allowed himself to climb the stairs himself.
Grace Wilkinson’s red hair cut the air sharply as she ignored her child and turned away like the weak, trembling waste of flesh that she was.
“But…it’s not even in my heat, mummy…”
She glared at Sherlock deadly.
Sherlock watched him expectantly, knowing something was coming, and just waited until John wanted to talk. It didn’t take long.
“Oh God, no. That poor girl.”
“I did it wrong, didn’t I? I screwed up.”
He stopped his pacing and stayed standing in front of John staring at him with a glimmer in his eyes that had never been there before.
His whole body seemed to cramp and he knew because of the symptoms that he was having a panic attack but that wasn’t what he didn’t understand.
He turned his alarm clock off and went downstairs to get ready for work.
“You mean this was some sort of test?! That’s crazy.”
“I already thought about that. I’ll go to the graveyard at four and they close it at five… so until then I’ll just wait until it’s dark and then I’ll start. I have to dig until I reach you… only then I can start the ritual. This will be exhausting. I mean how deep will that be?”
“Do you think that it would be somehow possible to… make you alive again?”
“I can feel it. Wait… you have a spiritual aura. You currently met a spiritual creature… oh, wait… you have feelings for this creature… oh, …oh…you’re in love with it.”
With shaking hands, he opened the coffin. He had to swallow hard. There was Sherlock.
John slept undisturbed and woke up due to the sound of his alarm clock.
“Because I was obviously too weak to carry her farther and so I just carried her far enough for closing the door. And I put a pillow under her head, so she’s comfortable. You could at least give me credit for that.”
Obviously, this didn’t make any sense because the Alpha could protect himself and was usually the caretaker but it seemed like some invisible switch had been pressed which caused him to act as he acted.
“How did you do it? The noises…the noises at night.”
Lestrade nodded numbly and just looked at John with a lost gaze on his eyes.
“Right… I think I’m going to bed. We should do that again. That was fun.”
After they sat down on her kitchen table, both with a cup of teas in front of them and biscuits in the middle of them, John took a deep breath.
“You know…” (embarrassed laugh) “I’m a bit short seeing and I’m not used to wearing my glasses when I go out. So I’m sorry if I…” She trailed off and continued rubbing her soaped hands together, seemingly trapped in her own thoughts all of a sudden.
“You want me to flirt? Fine. Here I’m holding eye contact with you. This is flirting.”
Who would have thought that something like that could happen to him?
He wished he was here right now.
“But I know.”
“Yes, I mean the important tests I can only make on Monday like blood tests and an ECG. But I have my stethoscope and my blood pressure monitor.”
“It was definitely the best sex of my life and I had never felt that close to anybody.”
“Okay… but just assuming that it would work… wouldn’t that be what you want?”
“So?”
He woke to the typical cramps and the feeling that his whole body was burning.
“You…. you’re a… a ghost.”
He leeched on the kitchen counter and stared at the tea. He knew that he had to talk to Francesca about everything.
He nodded.
At first, it hurt but soon there was only pure happiness streaming through the Omega.
“Yes, and it makes absolute sense. I’m depending on you and your life and you gave your blood as a sacrifice during the ritual… so it’s not really surprising. I suspected that much but it was nice to have it confirmed.”
They stared at each other for what felt like an eternity, until Sherlock slowly reached out to kiss John.
“An accident? You expect me to believe that? This was my favourite jumper, Sherlock!”
John couldn’t stop.
“Is everything okay? I’ve found some clothes for you.”
Fixating Sherlock’s parted lips with his eyes; John lifted his free hand and put it on Sherlock’s left cheek.
He was sure of it. It was indeed a miracle.
A trait of that Sherlock envied him.
It was about one year and a few months later when they were invited to the Christmas party in the yard.
“Afghanistan or Iraq?”
“Well,” he mumbled and kept his voice high-pitched as he cried out. “You’re the worst mother ever!”
With that Lestrade turned around and left the room, while at the same time at home a wreck called Sherlock was pacing in the living room sick with worry.
John had to suppress a moan at hearing such words from him but he had to make sure.
A man- barely visible in the dark.
Sherlock looked at him sadly for a few moments then he sighed defeated.
“No, but someone else could have done it.”
“But…but we’re… that’s unfair. I don’t want that. I want everyone to know that you belong to me.”
“No. I don’t want you to move out.”
“We could wait a few moments until you’re ready to walk?”
Sherlock had never been a usual Alpha.
Now Lestrade narrowed his eyes and John froze.
This made Sherlock smile.
He didn’t have to wait long until he finally felt John’s lips on his.
“Yes, hello Missis. I heard about a house that you want to rent. I mean it’s probably silly that I even ask because how could I even afford a house but I met my friend Mike the other day and he…he told me that it wasn’t that expensive and that it was still available and well, to be honest, it is kind of my last hope.” He scratched on his neck and felt himself blush because he felt so foolish even asking.
Lestrade joined them.
“I could but I think that you want to tell me.”
“I love you.”
He looked for a long moment into Sherlock’s eyes, silently arguing, silently begging him to back down and let him follow. Sherlock didn’t budge. John eventually nodded.
“Sure.”
Sherlock looked terrified, confronted with a crying woman in front of him.
Then he had put his hand on John’s and his head on John’s shoulder.
Peyton had dark straight hair and Sherlock’s eyes but had clearly John’s facial features.
“Yes.”
He grabbed Mr Bowtie and pushed it further in Grace Wilkinson’s throat. He felt her internally squirm and silently cry like a puppy.
Sherlock just snorted at that and so John rolled his eyes but went to help him.
He was still staring into nothing but John asked further.
“No, no I meant your deductions. They were brilliant.”
This thought made Sherlock feel something he didn’t know or he didn’t have a name for.
The next nights nothing happened but he didn’t trust the peace. He didn’t sleep at all.
“Are you flirting with me, John Watson?”
“I would never do that.”
Sherlock had never felt something like that before.
that he couldn’t explain till he saw a little puddle of water under the sink. Her cheek looked fleshy and swollen pressed against the floor.
John knew better than to ask what had happened and so he tried everything to make the detective comfortable.
When Lestrade had left, John and Sherlock just looked at each other; neither of them knew what to say.
“Why would they hate you?”
John put his hand on Sherlock’s cheek, slowly tracing his cheekbone with his thumb.
At one shop Sherlock suddenly didn’t want to walk away.
Only when he added his mouth to it and started to kiss and suck at every place he could find while surrounding him, John couldn’t stand it any longer, threw his head back and moaned while closing his eyes.
Sherlock just raised one eyebrow.
Then on one day, John had kissed him.
Then suddenly his eyes fixed on John’s so that he felt a bit anxious.
“Then everything will be fine. Now I have to go and you- enjoy your last hours as a ghost.”
He closed his eyes and noticed for the first time that he was shaking. Sherlock just held him for what felt like hours, until he fell asleep.
Sherlock made a desperate sound to that and tried to hold John where he was but he only shook his head.
“Okay, let’s pack our stuff and go home,” he said decidedly. Sherlock’s eyes followed him out of the door.
As soon as the door was closed, he couldn’t hold the tears back any longer. They ran down his face and he heard himself making an embarrassing sobbing sound, but it didn’t matter. Before he could think of something to say, and force the words out between his sobs, long arms embraced him, and he let himself be comforted by Sherlock again. One of Sherlock’s hands started stroking his back, and they stood this way until his tears ebbed away.
cheese
John watched in agony how Sherlock began to melt.
Then his gaze settled on John. He stared at him with wide eyes.
“Just be aware, John. One night he’ll sneak into your room and try to fuck your ass. I warned you, so when it happens, I don’t want you to come running home to me!”
“Ah, right.”
Sherlock looked  shocked and disoriented, but John hada wide grin on his face.
He was staring at nothing, his left hand curled into a fist while his other one was clutching at a card - an invitation? A cup of untouched tea stood right before him. It looked to be stone cold.
“Yes, John. She was a really poor girl. However, she had a teddy bear with a red bow-tie which she always carried with her and he was also with her when she died.”
Sherlock just looked up and met his eyes with a curious gaze.
John laughed a bit.
“Um…you will still be here tomorrow, right? I mean I will be able to see you right? You won’t disappear again?”
John’s mind went blank. He couldn’t think of a single thing to say. So he lost it and started giggling.
John smiled back.
Sherlock chuckled softly. “Then why aren’t you moving?”
“Um… about your question. Yes, I was single and there was never a time in that I wasn’t single.”
He also tried to make tea but somehow his tea didn’t taste that well as John’s had which was odd to him but he decided to wait for him until he would drink more of it.
They arrived at the hotel early, and collected their keys to their separate rooms. Their rooms were next to each other, which was a blessing, because Sherlock insisted that he would sneak into John’s room every night anyway. He slept well, and willingly, when John was in bed with him.
“You’re ridiculous.”
“Really, John. Now would you please?”
It almost seemed like Sherlock wanted to make sure that he was okay.
The Alpha turned around disbelieving.
“So…it’s your turn.”
John was unsure but the other man gave him a pointed look and so he went to the shower.
“What the hell is it John?”
“I would never leave you. For anything in the world, and definitely not for narrow-minded people I happen to be related to. Do you hear me? You’re everything for me, don’t ever doubt that. I love you.”
Sherlock stood up still glaring at John and stepped closer.
“What?”
At that moment, Lana Del Rey seemed to choke on her spit in her song.
“That really wasn’t necessary, Sherlock. You know I have a job.”
He decided to dare the next step. Moving. He forced his head to turn. He gritted his teeth at the pain. But in the end, it was definitely worth it.  There was John.
John was staring at Sherlock and tried to process what had just happened.
Sherlock could only stare at him and then slowly John was leaning closer until their lips were only inched apart.
John couldn’t concentrate on his work anymore and his boss suggested he took a time out. He took it.
Sherlock was pacing in the living room.
“Oi, do we have a case?”
Mr Watson looked at them bot0h, and then at the floor. John frowned and looked at Sherlock, who looked surprised but content; they waited in silence until he finally spoke.
As soon as he was on his front, John grabbed his hips and pushed back home without hesitation.
“Yeah, right. Why do you think I’m awake? You’re the genius of the two of us.”
Sherlock was still frowning but seemed perplexed.
“Oh shut up, Anderson! My goddaughter is the cutest baby in the world.”
He could almost hear the smile in his voice when John spoke.
One second later Sherlock was standing next to the table.
Sherlock nodded once.
“Hey…I wouldn’t be doing it if I didn’t want to. I love you. And to be honest… I knew that I would never let you go no matter what was the day you kissed me for the first time. So…”
His eyes were wide and he a bit red like he had been crying.
John was gaping at Mycroft open-mouthed but Sherlock was moving very fast.
He shoved Bixie in his bag and dragged it in the second cabin.
Sherlock was still standing in front of the kitchen counter so he couldn’t ignore him any longer and so he bit his lips and let his gaze wander until he looked into Sherlock’s face.
Then he stood up and walked towards Sherlock who also stood up because there was no way that he wanted to seem smaller than him.
“Wait, that’s not necessary, it would be okay if-“
Sherlock couldn’t find anything of interest and was just in the process of judging the taste of the woman when he heard a loud rumble.
Harry seemed giddy, and her smile seemed bigger than her face - so wide that John couldn’t suppress a smile either.
The Omega made a frustrated sound that was interrupted when suddenly a wet heat closed around his painfully erect penis.
“I wanted to comfort you but I guess I just forgot for a moment that you’re a ghost and that I can’t touch you.”
She waited until John could breathe again.
Their guests formed one unit who stood across from Sherlock who looked at them with narrowed eyes.
Slowly he dared to step closer to the coffin where Sherlock was still lying.
After a bit of hesitation at the atmosphere in the room, Lestrade began.
John raised his eyebrows.
Mycroft had been an easy affair. He had already seen that coming after watching them for so long.
Now Sherlock was completely in his element.
John chuckled.
“Why?”
When she left he went into the living room and grabbed the scotch bottle. He poured it in a glass while thinking about his situation.
It seemed like time had stopped.
Now John definitely did choke on his tea. He was coughing wildly while Sherlock began to drink the rest of his cup greedily.
This was interesting. He would have never anticipated that. But it was clear.
John felt like he was going to faint. That was embarrassing. He looked apologetically at Sherlock who just winked at him. His breath was caught.
He grabbed both of Sherlock’s hands and placed several kisses on them while speaking.
Lestrade sighed frustrated.
“Everything sounds fine.”
Sherlock sighed.
After a while, John decided to make himself dinner while Sherlock just sat into one of the chairs. Both stayed quiet, equally deep in thought.
When Sherlock saw the tea he grabbed it hurriedly.
John cleared his throat.
The next morning John had little hope that Sherlock had slept at all but to he prepared dutifully their breakfast when the Omega came from his bedroom.
“Um… Sherlock?”
“Now I’m invading your personal space. That is flirting.”
As if he could read his mind Sherlock was suddenly sitting across of John in what was apparently now officially his chair.
John was an Alpha. That was it. There was his solution.
John grinned and nodded.
Sherlock narrowed his eyes but answered.
“Ashamed? Of what? He drugged you and then raped you! That’s a crime, because it happens
“Yeah, just…” Cody’s eyes widened in an attempt to look adorable. He failed. “As you’re going to the bar, buy me a Mars bar first.”
With that, there was nothing left to say and Sherlock happily obliged when John grabbed his neck and pulled him towards him to kiss him once more.
This didn’t mean that all families allowed it their Omegas but it was a step in the right direction.
John eyed the black coffin while he wiped the sweat off his forehead. He drank a bit of water and then grabbed his backpack and the ladder.
He knew that John was a romantic. But to be honest he had never even considered that he would be that determined.
“But your body needs rest. So try to relax and please call me if anything happens or if you need any help.”
Sherlock refused to answer which wasn’t something unusual.
The night went on and Sherlock was still sitting rooted to his chair.
Lestrade nodded and then listened to Sherlock’s story.
If it was reverted it would be terribly embarrassing because he felt his own pulse quicken being this close to Sherlock.
He placed himself on his knees in front of Sherlock whose usually pale skin was pinkish and covered in sweat, which John thought, was the most attractive thing he had ever seen. It let him look so alive and knowing that he was the reason for it, made his head spin. After a few calming breaths he put some lube on himself and slowly pushed inside.
He had been different than anyone he had ever met so far.
When Sherlock came home it was clear to John that something was wrong.
“Good evening!” She spoke with the unsettling enthusiasm of someone who hadn’t recognized her interlocutor at all. He felt his facial muscles contract, so he bit his upper lip to suppress the tender smile – or the grimace – that was trying to spread on his face.
