Steve turned to her, giving her a smile. Though Clint liked to make fun of him for the fondness in his eyes whenever he looked at her, he could- would not change it, and at the moment, he wished Toni could see that. "I'm not going anywhere, Shell head," he replied. "Just want to get this uniform off."
With the energy of a child, Gary closed the door quickly—almost slamming it-, but his goofy smile died slightly as he looked at her, her messy state. "And where is the good Cap? Is he outside?" He repeated as he looked toward the door. How could he leave you? Someone amazing as you! He should be treating you like his queen. I would never let you out of my sight if I was him."
So in case you wonder why I skip certain scenes, I don't like giving you movie quotes if nothing is changing- nothing major. Why give you scenes that you already seen in the movies? That seems like something to add to the word count and not the story.
"Tones," Jim called from the entryway of the boat's cabin. He was unsteady on his feet as strong waves rocked the boat, but he didn't let that stop him. He was on a mission.
"I-" Steve started, but stopped, feeling a tug on his shirt. "Toni?" he asked, looking down at the woman in his arms. "What's wrong?" Just like that he lost the Captain's voice, his voice turning soft. "Are you okay? Need something? Whatever it is, I'll do it."
Toni's legs felt like jello beneath her, and she couldn't stay on her feet, even with the man behind her holding her up. She closed her eyes again, trying to catch her breath. She just needed rest, but she couldn't. Not here. She needed to get back to her tower. Back to her suit. "k-k," she muttered, forcing her eyes open.
the AI was to her, as he was one of the few things that would always be there. JARVIS would be there for her no matter what she did or happened, and that couldn't be said about anyone else…well besides Jarvis, the namesake of the AI.
I was a Farmhand. There're parts of animals that you should never see or put your hands in." She let out a playful shudder. "Just to name a few."
He waited for her to say something, but when she didn't, he spoke, "Tell me what's going on in that head of yours."
That was Steve's fear, but if that was the case, he needed to know, so he could move on. "And what about you?"
Tony's insecurities are a curse, filling his head with doubt, and he doesn't know if he should believe them. "You left me alone," he says softly, almost too soft to hear. "You two would rather sleep together than with me." He knows his pain is visible in his face.
Did she have to go? Toni would admit there was a battle inside of her, pondering if she should refuse. There was no reason for her to. Besides, she didn't trust SHIELD. It was built on lies and secrets, and that was all it could be. "Well, an hour of my time is going to cost SHIELD a pretty penny."
"The hell he did," she stated. It was always when someone meant no harm did he caused the most harm.
"Come on. Talk to me, Toni," he asked, almost begging. Even with her struggling, Steve tucked her head under his chin and held her tight. "No, you aren't," he said, strongly. "When is the last time you slept?" he asked into her hairline.
Steve stood a few feet from her, not moving, as he stared at her. His eyes were drilling into her, and it was unnerving to no end. To make things worse, he wasn't speaking.
Steve had to admit that Toni was adorable when she was like this. He also didn't mind how clingy she got when she was like this. She was a squid, as she wrapped herself around him, refusing to let go for anything. "Did either Clint or Natasha asked you to?" It wasn't exactly fair to ask her these questions, when she had no filter, but he had to know. He didn't need their pity. He didn't need her pity.
The Captain shook his head. "Agent?" he asked, noticing his firm hand shake. A hand shake told a lot about a person, and this was no different. The Agent's strong grip was telling, and he wasn't nervous at all, which was unusual. Most people nowadays got star struck around him.
His eyes flicked. "Toni," he muttered as he opened his eyes. "Are you okay?" He pushed himself up into a hitting position and it was clear by his stiffness that his back hurt. "Toni," he stated as he reached for her. To both of their surprises, she let him put a hand on her shoulder.
Slowly opening her eyes, Toni played with the idea that this whole time traveling thing was just a nightmare, but she knew that wasn't the case. As soon as she opened her eyes, she knew she was still living in this nightmare. Yes, she considered this situation to be a total nightmare. She wouldn't call this her worst fear, but it was one of her fears. She was totally alone with no idea of how to get back. For once in her life, her brain was letting her down.
"That's it! Barton sleeps outside tonight, and if he get struck by lightning, so be it," the Robotic Voice of Iron Man said as the door opened. The Iron Man Suit was dripping wet as Toni stepped into the room. "On the-"
Fighting back her panic, Toni peeped out from the corners of her eyes toward the stranger, though unable to make out his face through her messy, fallen hair. The men's voice was weird, yet almost familiar, but the genius couldn't place it. "Sure," she croaked, though she knew she shouldn't take water from a stranger. Knowing today's world and who wanted her dead, this could be a kidnapping, though Toni doubted she was very useful in her current state unless he wanted to kill her. She could literally be knocked over with a stick...
The words 'their room' echoes in Tony's head, and he feels like he has been shot. It feels like someone has ripped his heart from his chest. It makes him wonder if any of this is real; it makes him wonder if he has been lying to himself the whole time. Did Barnes and Rogers ever care for him? Probably not. If so, they wouldn't have abandoned him so
Howard picked up the damaged shield that Rogers had been using. "I hear you're uh...kinda attached?"
Steve paused and glanced back to Clint, wondering if he should fight him on this. However, that thought only lasted for a few short seconds as he was going to need all the help that he could get. "Fine, but you better keep up," he replied, coldly. Today was one of those times that he wished Bucky was alive. That man would follow him to the end of the line, and he would do the same for Bucky. There was no doubt that they had each other's back, having a level of trust that no one else had.
Toni didn't know how Harley did it, but the boy talked her down…Maybe, it was due to his innocence and/or his inability to see anything wrong with her, but he did something. Sure, the boy had rose colored glasses when it came to the genius, but he didn't judge her like. He believed in her, even if she didn't deserve it or believe in herself, and she didn't know how to handle that. Granted, she didn't know how to handle a lot of things, but right, she was trying. Yet, it felt like she had to reprogram herself at times, like old computers, which was harder than she expected.
With a deep breath, he followed after her, giving her some space to run, as she needed the space, though he wouldn't let her get to far away. He would catch up with her in no time once she stopped, and he would approach her again and get her to tell the truth. He would get her to talk about whatever was haunting her. He could tell by the looks in her eyes that this ran deeper than just him, and judging from where he found her, he knew it had to do with her father.
"Oh, Maria, Howard will be so happy." Peggy uttered, turning to Toni. If it wasn't clear that Peggy had disappeared into her own head, it was now. This had happened a lot when Toni visited Peggy, and those times were the worst. Toni hated playing the part of her mother, hated playing a woman she only had a short time with. She
She closed her eyes for a second as her hand went to the dog tags around her neck. Squeezing them, her mind went to the letter that her father had written to her. He had never blamed her for anything and had begged her not to blame herself for his death or anyone's death. He wanted her to promise him that, and that promise stopped her cold. She had disobeyed him in so many different ways growing up, and she wasn't sure she could disobeyed him with this. How could she spit on his grave like that?
The AI didn't answer right away; it was like JARVIS was pausing for affect. "If I may, Miss, you are Toni Stark. You do not do subtle."
Peggy and Toni struggled on the floor as they were trying to overpower the other. The gun was a good foot away from them and no matter how hard Toni reached for the gun, she couldn't grasp it. "I just need the device! That's it," Toni protested as she tried to knock out the Agent.
Right now, he was willing to risk it all and he didn't know why. He had no idea why he was pissed, deadly pissed at the thought her being hurt, but he was. Someone had fired on his Brunette—her own damn fault, but that didn't matter to him-, and now, she was missing. For that, the Asset would kill, and he wouldn't let his handlers stop him. He also wouldn't stop until he found the Brunette, because there was a good chance that she was in trouble….
Seeing her reach for the device, he set it down on the table. "About you," he stated, staring at her. "When was the last time you got some sleep?"
"You know him. He was making jokes about it the whole time," he said, smiling. "He saw nothing wrong with it."
Toni's eyes twitched. Why did everyone keep telling her that? She had enough matters, thank you very much. "Listen, Buddy. I am not in the mood, so why don't you get going," she said. "Or stay and I kick your ass."
"Better be careful, Stark. It might bite," she stated, noticing him reach a metal arm toward the core. Before continuing down the steps, she took a deep breath, and it wasn't until she was at the bottom of the stairs that she spoke again. "You might hurt yourself." She stood a good few feet back. There was no doubt that thing would bite if it was made from the Tesseract.
Did she shoot someone's puppy? Kill someone's pet? "So…" Toni started, feeling like she had did something wrong besides the usually. She rolled to her right side to look at Rhodes and Pepper.
Toni let out another groan as she started to count the number she had been taken. If Clint ever found out, he really would have a field day. "Rub it in why don't you," she said, annoyed.
Vous êtes instruit, contrairement au reste de ces hommes : You're educated unlike the rest of these men.
For a few seconds, she just stared at him. She studied the mixture of emotions on his face, and each was something she didn't know how to handle. "Just thinking," she said with a deep breath. "You know me."
The word cute came to her mind when she thought about Rogers. She couldn't understand how he could be so innocent when he was who he was. Sure, he wasn't the Famous Captain yet and he hadn't faced any traumatic experiences yet, but he was like this in the future as well. Though she couldn't be sure, she believed it wasn't because of the time he grew up in. "How did you come up with the nickname Bucky?" That a part that she was curious about and she would like to hear that story.
"You have to be reasonable, Steve," Peggy stated, who was also in the tent. "We need someone to hack Hydra's system and we only have two people who can currently do that: Mr. Stark and Corporal Sark."
Toni smiled evilly as she linked arms with Steve, ignoring the twitch in Barnes' eye. She wasn't doing this to make him jealous, not that she would use Steve for that because he would never be attracted to her. "You wouldn't want to know yours, Cap. C'mon. Walk me to Salty," she ordered as she pulled on his arm. "We can talk about your love life." She almost died of laugher at the sight of both of their faces. "You need some help!"
Taking a page out of Steve's book, Toni decided to go for a run when she couldn't force herself to sleep. The second time she tried going to sleep, it only lasted for 20 minutes before she bolted up and out of bed in a cold sweat. She was shaking so badly that she had to do something. So in the middle of the night in the cold evening air, Toni put on a pair of running shoes, pants and a hoodie. She didn't care that it was past midnight or that there were shady people out, as she just needed to get out. She needed air.
With the biggest smile that Gary could muster, he exclaimed, "I knew you were still alive! Does Captain America know?! He must know! Is he around here something?" He asked, as he went to look out the van.
Steve's smile grew as he closed the distance between them. He softly cupped her face as he kissed her. It was a soft, quick, but it was filled with love. "Oh, you love it."
"Why?" Barton asked. Toni heard a slap and wondered who in the hell got slapped. She hoped it was Rogers, but she knew it most likely wouldn't have been him. "Why did you hit me?" Barton asked, answering her question.
"Hell, no! The little guy from Brooklyn who was too dumb not to run away from a fight. I'm following him. But you're keeping the outfit, right?" Barnes stated as his hand left Toni's knee, leaving an empty feeling.
He couldn't believe he just did that; he just called her by her first name, which he knew she didn't like. First names were for people whom knew each other; first names were earned with her. They were an honor, which he had earned in the past but not now. Why did he mess up like that? Now, she would never like him.
However, she could tell that they were winning. With the increasing ally forces, Schmidt and Madame Hydra were chased out of the room, as they headed toward an escape route. In this madness, Rogers made his way toward Toni, who was still struggling in her chains, and she couldn't hold back her smile. She thought she was going to watch him die.
It started to make sense to Toni. A military man. She should've guessed that, because he reminded her of Rhodes, though Jim was one of a kind. He was her rock. "I told him it was a boring name. He didn't listen. Shame on him."
In the next Chapter, we shall see where Toni ends up and whether she had done any damage to the time line.
Pierce unfolded the picture, staring at it for a few seconds before showing it to the Asset. "Because we have him. We have a ghost. She won't know what's going on."
The next thing she knew she was being pulled from the hot water and thrown to the ground. Though she was dazed and confused, her body shook, and she coughed painfully as she tried to fill her lungs with air. She choked up the water in her lungs, but she couldn't catch her breath. However, she wasn't able to understand that yet. Her brain didn't start to focus until the Hydra Soldier picked her up and slammed her down on a table, and she couldn't truly understand what was happening until she was strapped.
Toni felt a tremor run through her as she leaned back against the gravestone. How could three little words affect her so much? Why did he have to say
It was Toni who snapped him out of his daze, saying, "Now there's that guy, and he's…some guy." Her tone changed slightly as if she was flirting.
Why did all the bad guys get all the awesome abilities? She would kill to have that power… Maybe, not kill but you get the idea. However, she could add something like that to the Iron Man suit, and it was totally possible. There wasn't anything that she couldn't do. Even if with the world exploding around her, a smile appeared on her face just thinking about it. She looked devilish as Steve got to his feet and turned to her. With her genius mind spinning, she totally forgot that she was mad at the man for daring to show his pretty face.
and doesn't that just hurt? Besides, he isn't in the right mindset for a battle right now. His emotions are all over the place, and there's no telling what riskless thing he might do in battle.
She gave him a look, her eyes drilling into him. "No, Rogers. You stop this. Why do you think there's something between us?" she asked. "There's
However, this place was not the place for that, even if she had nothing against office sex. Instead, she was okay with just dominating him, even if that was what he wanted to do. The kiss was a battle for control that each side was happy to play, though they both knew to keep it rated PG-13. "You talk too much, Doll Face," Steve said, breaking away from Toni after a few minutes.
She groaned, not understanding why they felt the need to force Rogers and her together. Seeing him was the last thing she wanted. She didn't want see his face, his understanding….his…love, though she doubted he could ever truly love her. How could anyone? She didn't think she could take it, even if he did. How could she explain to him that she let his best friend die? That she allowed her father to die? And on top of that, she left him frozen in ice for over 70 years instead of returning him to his rightful time to his rightful person.
"I think I grew on you enough for that not to happen." Toni wanted to laugh, but she couldn't as it didn't feel right to laugh, not after everything that had happened, but why was it so hard not to?
Toni chuckled. "I already think you're crazy – the curse of being an inventor and all that," she smiled, fighting her exhaustion. "So tell me your theory." She went back to resting her head on her hands, trying to keep herself awake.
Steve gently set Toni on her bed before he closed the door to the room. One of the towels had fallen to the ground as he had carried her, but no one made a move to retrieve it. He kept an eye on Toni while he removed his shield, setting it against the wall. His eyes didn't leave her as he pulled off his combat gloves. Toni was curled up on the bed, holding the towel on her back closed, and she looked so small. So weak in her wet clothes, and it took everything in Steve's power to step away from her. He hated seeing her like this, and he hated it was a restless night that brought her to this state. A restless night that he wasn't here for.
Toni glanced at him sideways, studying him. He was up to something as he knew better than to get this close to her. She narrowed her eyes at her filthy father, who was covered from head to toe in some kind of Hydraulic fluid. He also looked like he hadn't been sleeping, which worried her slightly. Just Slightly. It wasn't because she cared; she just didn't want him to work himself to death. He needed to be alive to meet her mother. "When the last time you slept or took a shower?" she asked. "You smell."
With a deep sigh, Steve slowly took the long walk to his door. He needed to get out of his own head, because he didn't like where his mind was going. He loved Toni and didn't fault her for this. She was just taking her a time, and he just wanted to be with her. God, he loved that woman. Loved her more than he thought possible. Just being around her could lift his spirits, even if she drove him crazy. She was a ball of spunky, and he loved it.
"A minute," Toni begged as she stepped toward Steve. "Just one thing, Cap." She took a deep breath. "If I want to talk, you'll be the first. Don't you forget that," she stated. She didn't like that he was the person she would turn to, but he was and there was no denying that, though she totally would if someone asked.
Not allowing a good look at the articles, Steve crossed to her, pulling her away from the monitors. "We both can wear the pants," he said into her hair line. "Now, let's get going."
That frightened Bruce. He knew Toni had programmed Jarvis to have some emotion, but Bruce had not witness them so strongly before now. "What are the chances her reactor survives that?" he asked, looking over the blue prints again.
Natasha waved at Toni, rolling her eyes. "Okay, enough of this. We got to get going. Now hands of my car."
However, before he could reach her, his handler had collected him, and it took all that he had not to kill him. He was Hydra's Asset, but he wanted nothing but her, even if he didn't know why. He had no idea why this woman meant so much to him, and after another painful treatment, he completely forgot her again. She was nothing but a name to him. A name that his handler did not like.
She hated that voice and Pepper knew it, which was why she used it often. It was why she could hardly say no to Pepper. "I'll be up in a few." Both of them knew what that meant: maybe in an hour, but Pepper wasn't going to call her out on it. Calling her out wouldn't help, and she did get Toni to agree, which meant she would be up at some point. She just didn't know when.
Steve's smile falls as he looks down at the stilled Tony and the untouched food. He doesn't say anything for a few seconds before he kneels down at Tony's side. "Is everything okay?" Tony doesn't say anything, only poking at the food on the plate. "Come on, Tony. Please talk to me." His voice is soft and sad. "Please."
"Stop it, Toni." Toni yelled at herself, as she jogged past a few drunk people. They might've said something to her, but the genius wasn't paying any attention. Her mind was a war zone, and it was struggle to focus on anything besides that nightmare crossing over into reality. This was where she wished that Steve was here, as he could always talk her down, even if all she did was throw insults at him. She was either nasty or a cry baby when she was like this, but he dealt with it all like the saint that he was. He was here for it all, protecting. Saving her… He really was a saint.
He gave her his signature smile. "Off putting my affairs in order." He had a way about him, which could calm anyone.
The last time he saw Toni (besides the fight in the Lab on the day she disappeared) was when he saved her from the Red Skull. His memories had cleared from that time, and he could no longer remember it without Toni. It was like she had always been there, and he didn't give it another thought of her not being there. However, the only thing he could think about was Toni being tied to a chair as Schmidt stood over her with a torture device in his hand. It was the last time he had seen her, and it killed him that he refused to talk to her when he went down. He hated to think what she thought of him.
Feeling the sting in her entire body, her hand flew to her face, gently touching the spot where he hit her. It was like time had stop, as Toni was in a daze, seeing stars. It wasn't like she expected the man to treat her with any kind of respect, but it had been years since someone had slapped her like that. She had expected it in the past with that mouth of hers, but this was the first time someone had hit her like that. And this was much more than that. It was a clear sign that Rollins was not a friendly, not that he ever was. On the other hand, she got to rub this crap in Steve's face. She was right and he was wrong. However, now was not the time to gloat.
Knowing what he felt for the woman, the Asset could understand the urge to go after the Brunette-as she was his. No, that didn't make sense. How was she his? Sure, she caused a flop in his chest, and he had an uncontrollable, incomprehensible urge to protect her, but he had no right to claim her as his own. He was the Asset, and he did not have things. He was not allowed to have things, but yet, these things in his chest made him want to claim her. But what? Why did he want her? What purpose would she serve? What kind of service could she provide for him? How could she help him be a better Asset? He wasn't sure, but he also didn't know if he cared or not.
someone out there. This person had been watching her as she tested the Mark 42, and Toni was going to find out who the hell this person thought he was. "JARVIS, give me the Mark 7," she said, pushing pieces of the Mark 42 armor away. She eyed the shadow as it vanished into the darkness behind it.
"I think you'll tell her, which will probably be as soon as you see her again, and then you probably won't let her out of your sight again, which will just annoyed the hell out of her and she'll probably slap you for it." They both chuckled at that as they knew she would.
Clint glared at the ceiling, not knowing where to glare. It was annoying not having anything physical to yell at, when he was pissed, and he was pissed. "What the hell happened?"
"Didn't say that," Rhodes responded. "I think you two will work out, so I'm not worried; however, if you do hurt her, I'll hurt you. I won't kill you. Can't kill a National idol, but nothing wrong with maiming you. I won't touch your pretty face."
to obtain that. Toni didn't know what was going through Aldrich's head, but only one idea came to mind when she thought of a super soldier army, and that was world domination.
However, before she could even attempt to do anything, yelling broke out in the room. She could hear Steve shouting. She didn't know what he was saying, but he was angry, refusing to listen to whatever they were saying. Trying to catch her breath, Toni tuned into the room, as she needed something to hold onto. She needed something to focus on, because she was losing her mind. Everything was crashing down around her, and she didn't know what to do. She tried to focus on Steve's voice, which grew silent suddenly. Toni felt her dread grow inside of her at the thought of the silence. She couldn't handle it as she would rather hearing fighting, because it meant she wasn't alone. It would mean that she wasn't—
When Steve first called requested to speak with Peggy, Toni tried not to feel jealous, but it was hard, and now it was really difficult. She didn't understand why he was rejecting her help. Was it something that Schmidt had said? Did he not trust her?
I am sorry for the random Bold-ed words as this doc thing was randomly bolding things. No idea as to why.
"And you have a health ego," he replied as the waitress placed two glasses in front of them. "Give us a few minutes. We have a friend joining."
The computerized, accented voice was calming to the Genius, and she focused on it as he spoke. She wasn't sure what the AI was saying, but she listened to the pitches in this tones. She listened to JARVIS as he rambled off possible remedies for her shortness of breath. When this continued, the AI started to tell Toni stories, trying to snap her back to the reality. "JARVIS," she groaned, as she finally seemed to catch her breath after a few long minutes.
He was going to ask the egoist Stark, the last resort, for help only to find that she had disappeared without a trace, and that didn't sit well with him. Sure, he knew she was working on something and the Avengers blamed her disappearance on that Device, but he wasn't so sure. It couldn't have been a coincidence that she disappeared on the same day that one of the SHIELD's bases was broken into. He would get to the bottom of this.
"I know your mother didn't rise you like that," Toni said, giving the man a once over. She spotted two guns on him—one on his hip and the another in his boot-, and knowing he was a part of the Strike force, those probably weren't his only weapons. As a soldier, he probably had a few more guns and knives hidden away on his person somewhere. And he could probably use any of those to take her out at any moment. Without her suit, he could kill her easily, but that didn't mean she was going to lay down and die. Though, if he was going to kill her, why was she still alive? Wouldn't he have killed her already and save himself the trouble? Why subject himself to her mouth when he didn't have to? He had to be taking her somewhere for some sick purpose , right?
Taking a deep breath, Toni opened her eyes as if she had heard something. She scanned the dark room, trying to see if anything was out there, but she couldn't make anything out in the darkness. She closed her eyes and leaned her head back, thinking about a new Iron Man Design. It was the suit that kept her sane. She thought about all the ways she could improve it. And if she wanted a break from the Iron Man armor, her mind would wander to the unnamed device and ways that she could power it.
"Now, leave Rogers alone. He needs to prepare for the next hydra base, and you need to get your ass in here," He stated as he crossed back to the tent. "And I mean now," he ordered as he entered his tent.
At sound of Rogers' name, Toni's heart started to race, and she had to take a few deep breaths to slow it down. She knew JARVIS would detect the change in her heart beat and alert Bruce like the traitor the AI was if she did not slow it down. She didn't need that, and she especially didn't want him to know it was because he said a certain Super Soldier's name. "Just tags," Toni replied, calmly.
Toni let out a loud rolling chuckle, leaning back against the wall for support. "Oh, your face," she sniggered.
"Sergeant Barnes said that Hydra shipped all the parts to another facility that isn't on this map." Toni's eye twitch in annoyance at the sound at Rogers' voice, which seemed to carry on for miles. What was it about his voice that did this? It was so loud and annoying.
For Toni, that meant as soon as she saved the president, she would disappear, because she didn't want to talk about whatever she was seeing. She had already let Steve in, and she couldn't handle letting anyone else in more so than she already did. That would make it real, and she couldn't face that right now. It was too much, and to make matters worse, Maya's death was now replaying in her head. Her eyes, her regrets were forever engraved in Toni's head. Unlike with Bucky, Toni had seen the panic in her eyes when Maya knew her death was near.
After zipping up his coat, he crossed to the closet for a better pair of shoes. The ones he was wearing now were falling apart. "Is she stupid? Why couldn't she just wait?"
Putting the magazine down, she reached for her cold beverage and took a slip. Her eye twitched as she tasted the lemonade, which seemed to be missing something. She took another slip and swirled it around in her mouth as to figure out what was missing. "Where's the alcohol?" she asked annoyed. She glared and whirled the glass, spilling some of the liquid on her. "J.A.R.V.I.S." she yelled, annoyed. She wanted alcohol, damn it. "Hello, J.A.R.V.I.S." She yelled again, when he didn't answer her. Why didn't that stupid AI answer her?
"That meant I've done my job!" She cheered as she jumped to her feet. "Thanks, Salty!" She turned to leave, but before she could move a step, he called her back.
"We haven't labelled it…" The agent said, slowly as if she was hesitant to speak about it in front of Toni.
Toni stepped away from the mirror to a duffle, and after making sure it was packed, she headed to the door. She had to meet Peggy, but she didn't have to go too far to find her as the agent was waiting outside the room. A few feet down, Peggy, who sported a frown, was leaning against the wall.
Jim narrowed his eyes at the genius. There was something dangerous behind those eyes that Toni couldn't read. "There have been nine bombings. The public only knows about three." He paused for a second, hesitating for a second. "Here's the thing, nobody can ID a device. There's no bomb casings," he said, slowly.
Bruce glanced down at her, worry clearly presented in his voice. "Are you going to tell me what happened? How you got back?" he asked. "But more importantly, are you hurt?"
Once more, she could hear Steve call her name as he took a seat next to him. She heard him whisper something in her ear as he pulled her closer to him, surrounding her with his arms. She knew what he was doing, trying to calm her. Trying to comfort her, but that wasn't possible, not when she overthought everything. Not when she was running on no sleep. Though she was used to little sleep, she had a hard time function like this. It was like the whole world was flying pass her and she couldn't keep up. Again, it was like she was on auto pilot.
Toni didn't know how she had lost the man, when she had followed him down an alley way before she lost him. "Shit," she cursed. "Now, that bastard got me lost." She looked around, trembling from the cold. She had forgotten to pick up the coat as she bolted out the dinner. Even if she did, Barnes would've notice and she didn't want to explain why she was chasing after some stranger.
"Okay, Tony," Steve says, slowly with a deep breath. His eyes wonder over Tony's form, hesitation present in his expression, as he gets to his feet. "I'll…I'll get more popcorn," he sighs as he turns away. There's a heaviness in his shoulders, and it looks like he has been slapped across the face. He looks like a kicked puppy.
Toni stood up and started to pace. "I don't want to talk about my father!" She yelled. "So just go away."
Finally able to take a deep breath, Toni decided to head back before she lost her mind completely…though the question was whether she had already lost it. She was jumping at every sound, every movement, waiting for something. She didn't know that this something was. At this point, she wasn't sure if she was making things up or was in fact seeing it. Either way, Toni knew it was best that she return—no, not home. Home was where the heart was, but her heart wasn't there. She wasn't sure where home was.
"Oh, how I missed thee," Clint whined as he stepped to the sofa and face planted into it. He didn't move an inch once he was face first in the cushions. He just laid there.
, feeling a distance in her body. What was wrong with her? Sure, she was hit on the back on her head, but it was more than that. "Never."
Toni froze and didn't answer right away. "What I put you through? You act like I did that on purpose. Trust me, Rogers, that experience was the fucken last thing that I wanted. Not surprised that you think that, because you think me a sadist… Maybe I am, but screw you and your belief that I can never do anything right," she uttered. "Mr. Perfect. Fuck you."
She glared. "You're just jealous. Besides I don't need help falling on my ass." She paused. "I do that enough on my own."
"There are a lot of things you don't about me," Fury replied, forcing a smile to his face. "And we were quite happy in our lives until recently."
Needing to breathe, Tony breaks away, and he's grinning. "I should have let you two kiss me sooner, Geez."
After putting on the white undergarments, she slipped her arms through the off-white blouse and buttoned it. Before putting on the skirt, she put on a slip, an article of clothing she didn't understand the point of. After tucking her blouse in the skirt, she took a seat and put on a pair of kitten heels, another article she didn't understand. Standing up, she wandered back to the mirror and glared at her reflection.
Her fists balled at her side as she thought about all of the pain that she had caused. It was sickening to think of how many people she could've saved, while she did nothing and allowed them to die. She had allowed Bucky to die, without even warning him. How could she do that to a supposed friend?
Jim gave her a hard look, a clear sign that he wasn't backing down. "No, I can't go into battle with someone I can't trust."
Natasha wasn't a science genius, but she knew her way around a computer. She had helped Bruce for a few hours before leaving with Clint to see Director Fury, who might be able to locate Toni. Director Fury had an uncanny ability to find anyone though no one had any idea of how that was, but the Avengers weren't going to complain now. They needed to find one of their own.
Toni glanced up to the Commander, who stood directly in front of her and reached a hand toward her. She couldn't lie this time; this female Commander scared her more than the Red Skull, and Toni visibly flinched when she grabbed a piece of Toni's messy, dark black hair.
Tasha is still giving him a look, eyeing every twitch in the Genius. "So do something, because if you don't, I will, and I doubt you want that," she states.
Steve's eye twitched as his shield slammed back into his hand, after being thrown at a few enemy combatants. "She didn't say no," he replied for the hundredth time, not even sure why he was answering him. He tried to keep his face blank but failing. Ever since Barton learned of the proposal being a spy that he was, he hadn't stopped bugging Steve about it like a child whining about opening gifts, and the Captain was getting annoyed.
Said genius jumped when she felt a hand on her shoulder. Her heartbeat raced as she glanced up to see Peggy, trying to offer some kind of support. It shocked Toni how comforting the Agent was, when she was in so much pain after losing the Captain, a man that she loved. "I'm fine," she replied, stepping out of Peggy's hand.
"Just as long as I get to go home," she replied, realizing that she kept saying home. Before the avengers, she never thought she would consider any place home. "And away from you people."
"Well, that's no fun," he stated as he stepped toward her and leaned against the table a foot away from her.
Toni didn't know what they meant by a Share Crop, but it had to be an insult, if she was to judge by the looks. There were so many looks that it drove her up the wall. Why didn't Peggy get all of these looks? Why was it just her? Peggy was a woman too, though she didn't act like her which was what the asshole had told her. Guys thought she was promiscuous, a tease, and that angered her, even if it wasn't entirely false. She had slept with a fair number of guys, but she wasn't a slut. She was just a woman, who was proud of her sexuality. She was proud of who she was, even if some thought she was promiscuous. What did it matter who she slept with? Why did it matter to anyone? She wasn't hurting anyone. It was her own damn body. She really hated this time, because a woman couldn't do anything without being called a slut. If a woman wasn't married by now, she must be a lesbian or a failure as a woman.
"No," She replied, turning back to the device. She tried to stop her mind from drifting back to the Captain and her father. Why did he want to talk to her? Did he want to talk about her father? Or was it because she wouldn't leave her lab?
"Who the hell are you?" the asshole asked as he dusted himself off. "Why don't you mind your business?" The crowd just watched the three of them.
him living in DC. Hate it. Now, I don't want him glue to my side every second. I would probably kick him out a window." She wanted her space, but man, she wanted to go upstairs and see him.
Seeing where he was heading, she jumped in front of him. "Not the whole, 'if you don't know, then there's no point' argument. We need to get this out." She stated. "Now spill."
"Hold on," she said as she stepped to the door and closed it. She caught a few people eyeing her, though she should have expected that. It probably didn't look too innocent.
"Jim," she uttered, taken back by his tone. He was extremely angry, which wasn't something that she was expecting.
Steve held her tighter. "Toni, it wasn't by choice," he said, recalling what Dum Dum had told him back in the nursing home. After the time traveling, Howard had been a proud father, which he could tell from Dugan's many stories.
him. The very sight of him annoyed her, but here she was, loving the feeling of being in his arm. She loved listening to his voice, his reassurances. "Are you sure you will last that long?" she asked.
having a good day, though he could say that he wasn't good week. He was having a horrible week, and he may deny it to anyone who would dare say it, but he was grumpy, angry and bitter. He was tired both of the violence and cruelness of these modern day criminals, who made him sick to his stomach. He had seen
Though he wanted to say some smart back, Steve couldn't as Bucky did have a point. "There's always something I can do. I can't sit and do nothing."
"Steve," she asked, touching her own lips, which felt funny. Did he really just kiss her? They fought nonstop about everything. Though he wasn't as much as an asshole as he was in the future, he was still that man, who told her what to do. Clint would have a field day if he found out how much she enjoyed it. "Where's Barnes?"
She asked herself. It shouldn't matter to her what they were doing, because once she was back in the future, none of this would matter. It wouldn't matter what they said or did, or whether they making out. None of it would matter, so why did she care? She shouldn't care. She really shouldn't.
The agent didn't have time to answer as two heavy armed men came rushed into the room from the door behind the woman. He stared at them for a few seconds, unsure of what was going on. These men looked strange, wearing full blacks, and their uniform looked like nothing he had seen before. Even the HYDRA uniform didn't look like that.
"You know I still don't have a nickname," Barnes whined, eyeing Toni's hand on Steve's shoulder. "I feel left out."
And he blamed himself. If he wasn't gone for long period of times, and if he wasn't so stupid, Toni would be ali—No. Toni
"I'm not sure yet. I'm pondering what I want to do with her," he stated. "Did Stark figure out any of those devices yet? Any idea on that chest piece?"
"Well, I am the only one who could." He took a step toward her. If he was whole, their chests would be touching. "And I wouldn't miss an opportunity to see such a beauty." His smile weirded her out. "You know, once we get out of our respected cells, we should make the beast with two backs."
After making sure her back was dry, Steve shifted as he lowed himself back down to his knees. His pants were made for combat, and there wasn't much room in the groin area, which he was learning. No matter how much he shifted, he couldn't get comfortable. He wasn't sure if Toni noticed as her eyes were closed, and her breathing was soft. Her expression was relax.
"But she doesn't need an arc reactor, right? I remember her once telling me she was once hooked up to a car battery." Bruce took a seat as he tried to figure out if there was a way he could save her.
A nasty resentment built inside of Toni for a second, and she had to bite her tongue to keep back the insult.
Toni shook her head. "No, I can take care of myself, besides JARVIS will sound the alarm or something. Trust me, he is worse than a big brother, which was something I never wanted," she said with a smile.
Barnes let her go and gave her smile. "I will hold you to that." He stood up and walked to the door for his bags. "And I expect my bed to be nice and warm when I get back." He gave her a wink that could get any girl hot at the knees, including her. "I hate a cold bed."
Toni picked up the paper. "These are enlistment papers," she stated, as she glanced them over. These papers belonged to Barnes, which wasn't all too surprising. Though the Captain didn't speak about it, she knew Barnes had enlisted and died in the war. It was the push that Rogers needed, but she wouldn't wish that on anyone. "You know you can change that," she said to herself. She had the power to rewrite history. Sighing, she knew she couldn't do that, and she put the paper down.
In her exhaustion, his words stared to blend together, and it was getting hard to understand what he had said. His fuzzy shape started to fade into the complete darkness and the feeling of his hand started to disappear. She wasn't sure if it was because he removed his hand from her face or if she was losing feeling of her face. She was voting the latter, because she was fading quickly, and that worried her. Was she dying?
Toni didn't know what was worse: this boy's nonstop mouth, or the way that he was looking at her. "Maybe. Can you stop?!" She could feel
"Not the time. Not ever the time." Romanoff commented, giving him a nasty look. She flipped to her feet and turned to her next opponent.
To make things worse, she hated the name Sark with a passion, and she couldn't wait to be herself again. "No."
As if he didn't hear Steve, Zola continued, "HYDRA created a world so chaotic that humanity is finally ready to sacrifice its freedom to gain its security. Once the purification process is complete, HYDRA's new world order will arise. We won, Captain. Your death amounts to the same as your Life; a zero sum, unlike Ms. Stark."
lives? No. Do I like how interested the world is in our sex life? No, I really don't, but I don't care as long as I have you," he said, placing another kiss to the top of her head. "On the plus side, we do get little things like these ornaments, and I like the feeling that it gives me when I see it."
was, but he had to hide it, to keep it safe, which would keep her safe, and it was what he did for years.
After a few long moments of struggling, Toni finally settled in his arms, burying her face in his chest. "You smell like America," she uttered.
"NO," she said, interrupting him. "Are you really going to say Steve should be here instead of saving the world?" she snapped. That surprised the genius as she would've thought that Rhodes, being a soldier, would placing saving the world above her.
His hand travel to her cheek, cupping it. His finger caressed her skin, so lightly it tickled. "Won't be an issue, though it might be difficult for the second one." There was nothing he would rather do.
"You know it was all an act, right? Me like you? You're pathetic. Do you know that? I gave you a bone, and you went crazy. It's sad. It really was." She was angry. "However, I will say it again. There was nothing ever between us.
"I saw how you bolted." He eyed her as she didn't answer. "Why don't we go back in? I'll order you another drink."
Something in her mind snapped and she slapped him. "If I need a friend, you will not be it." Why in the hell did he think she would want to be friends with him?
Toni was practically falling asleep in the car as Steve drove the Audi back to the tower. It was a battle in and of itself to allow Steve to drive her finely tuned vehicle back, but after stumbling a few steps, she knew he was right. She was too exhausted to drive or pilot-even with JARVIS as her co-pilot. "So you ran the whole way to the cemetery?" she asked tiredly.
Steve's heart was pounding in his ears, breaking his cool. He failed Toni, failed her when she needed him the most. God, he didn't deserve her.
He left out a chuckle. "I think you know the answer to that," he said as he followed after her. "You know it might be best to put on shoes when walking around the lab. We don't need a pretty dame getting hurt."
Jim's expression hardened just a bit. "We have to do this now, because I can't have you freezing on me. With everything going on, I need to make sure-"
He, also, needs to tell them those three little words every day for the foreseeable future, and he doesn't care if that makes him weak. He doesn't care if his father is rolling in his grave as he says them. He doesn't care if his father would be unhappy with his choices. He doesn't care anymore along as if he keeps feeling this way. He loves this feeling whenever he sees these men. Love isn't a curse; it is a cure. It is everything, and he sees that now. He sees it all.
Urgh, she thought. She didn't want to deal with anyone right now. "Tell them no," she answered, trying to listen to her song. It was playing too softly. "And please turn the music back up."
"What do you think?" the Captain asked, not responding to Toni who was now sporting a playful frown.
Steve stared down at the genius, who was leaning heavily on him. He could practically feel her exhaustion, but he could also feel how happy she was now compare to before. It brought a bigger smile to his face, because she wasn't fight anymore. She was going to let this happen. She was going to let this grow. Yes, he knew they had lot to work on, her nightmares being one of them, but she wasn't going through this alone. He was going to be there. She was going to let him be here.
With a deep breath, she met his glare with her own, though that was harder to do than she expected. She hated the look he was giving her. With his glare, it was hard to imagine him as her shrimp, a guy that she had spent nights talking to. It was hard to see him like this, as at one point, she played his wingman, a friend, but she had no one to blame to herself.
If it was possible, the genius exploded as her rage came out in folds. "Let me?" she said. "Let me? You wouldn't stand a chance."
Unable to take it anymore, Toni shot up into a sitting position with tears rolling down her cheek, staining her pale face. Not remembering the last time she slept, she blamed her exhaustion for this, causing her to hear things in her fatigue. Though knowing that this was all in her head, she still couldn't take
Rhodes glances up, glaring at the ceiling. "Good for you, but you can do that to everyone but me! I'm the best friend!" he says, strengthening himself out. "Geez, did not sign up to fight Skynet."
After he was sure that Toni wouldn't try to get up, Howard released his grip on her. "In the infirmary," he answered, not stepping back from the bed. "Do you need something?"
Howard shifted his weight to another knee. "You know it was something you said, which got me thinking. I wouldn't have given this theory any thought if it wasn't for you, but once I opened my mind, I saw the clues. When the 107 was captured, you didn't seem all too shock. Like you knew what would happen."
He hates how these two make him believe that love is possible, when he knows it isn't. He wants to go back in time before he knows how amazing love feels. He wants to forget how much he likes it, because this heart ache is too much. Shaking his head, he turns away from the Brooklyn Twins and hides his face between Rhodey and the couch. He can't bear to see the rejection on their faces. He can't bear to see them hate him. He just can't. "Jim," he utters soft and shaky.
"We will," she said, annoyed that they were talking about this. Why did he keep trying to get her to like him?
, she yelled at herself. She needed to stop with this self-doubt crap. It was getting old. She was Toni Stark for crying out loud. She could kick ass for breakfast, lunch and dinner. "Well, no one looks good in shit. Just saying."
"I guess," she stated, not really liking the name. She wanted her name, and there was no way in hell that she would give up her name by choice. If she ever got married (no chance in hell she would), her spouse would take her last name. That was not up for debate.
"I know, I know." Bruce stated as he waved him off. He knew he needed to rest, and it would only hurt Toni in the end. She needed him at his best and this was not his best. Closing his eyes, he knew he was tired and his mental functions weren't slipping. "I'll go rest."
Toni eyed Peggy as she inched her way toward Rogers. Why in the hell was she trying to comfort him? He was being a total dick. He didn't need that. "Skully got lucky before," she muttered. Besides, she knew they were going to be caught, but she couldn't tell them that.
The Good Captain gave her a look before glancing down at her ankle. His eyes widened as if he remembered her ankle, and before she could say another word, he scooped her up in his arms. "I'm sorry, Toni. How's your ankle?" he asked, concern in his voice.
Steve let out a huff as he looked down at her. "Of course, they would," he said, a hint of jealous in his voice. "But in the end, you are my
That wasn't what caught the reader's attention; it was the stains on both the letter and the photo. Besides the yellowing, there were dark spots on both. There was no pattern to these darken spots, but it was clear to what they were. The writer had cried as he wrote the letter; he had exposed himself in the letter, to the reader. He had given all that he had to write the letter.
"After the war, SHIELD was founded, and I was recruited. The new HYDRA grew. A beautiful parasite inside SHIELD. For seventy years, HYDRA has been secretly feeding crisis, reaping war. And when history did not cooperate, history was changed." Zola continued.
With a deep sigh, Toni opened her eyes, put her foot against the petal and took off without a second thought. She couldn't spend another second in this tower, and she didn't care if her body felt heavy. She had to get out of here, and there was only one place she could think of.
she told herself. She shouldn't be angry at him for getting in her way as he didn't know she was following someone, but it was hard, very hard. "I'm fine," she said harshly.
Toni's hand dropped to Steve's knees. "You can't believe that. If you do, I'll beat you," she threatened as she lifted up her arms.
"Go or else." She ordered, unsure of what to make of that kiss. Did she really want it? She wasn't sure, though she did know that it would only make matters worse for everyone, especially for her. She couldn't fall for a guy, for a dead man. That says wonders about me. Can only fall for guys I can't have.
Bruce looked back to his work desk, knowing he would do anything possible to get Toni back. "JARVIS, are Barton and Romanoff back yet?" he asked.
Steve turned his head ever so slowly, giving him a cold, calculating look. "Not now. We have to find Toni, before something happens."
"You got it bad, Stark," she told herself as she hid the flask back in the desk. She glanced at Pepper's assistant, making sure the tattletale hadn't seen her drink it. The older, precise woman had been keeping a close eye on the Acting-CEO, making sure Toni behaved, which was an impossible task; however, she was doing a decent hob, following Pepper's every order. That woman had thought of everything, refusing to let Toni off the chain even when she wasn't there.
"No, I need to protect you from all of those delinquents, and let me tell you, this camp is full of them," he replied.
The woman with little hand to hand training didn't think it would land, but it embedded into his right shoulder, drawing blood. The man didn't react. He just looked at her—though it was hard to tell what he was looking at in that mask of his. As if it was nothing, he glanced at the wound before looking back at her. "You got to be kidding me? Nothing?" she asked, her panic returning.
After pulling away, James doesn't wait a second before pulling Tony in for a kiss. It isn't as wet as the kiss with Steve was, but it's just as passionate. It's a slow kiss as it seems like Bucky is making up for lost time. He's exploring every inch of Tony's mouth with his tongue, and he's doing it with complete dominance. His hand travels under Tony's shirt, caress his soft skin, and Tony can't help but moan.
Tony disappears for a few weeks, not letting anyone but Rhodey and Pepper know where he went. He just needs time to himself to try to figure out what he wants. He knows what he thinks he wants, which is Barnes and Rogers, but that isn't possible. They are together, and they are happy without him. They don't need him to bring them down, and he doesn't need the heartbreak.
As soon as Barnes got some distance away, Toni grabbed Steve by his arm and pulled him back. This would be the last time that she saw any of them and she wanted to give Steve some words of advice. "Steve."
The first thing on Toni's mind was finding a place where she could use her device. She had to pick a place that would be safe. If this time was anything like the last time, it would be a painful experience for her and anything or one around her. She needed a place far away from people, and this base wasn't the answer.
"Runs in my family," she stated as she thought back to her father. He was the most stubborn man that she had ever met, and even now, he was one of the most stubborn person she had ever met and that included Barnes and Rogers.
Remaining silence, Toni refused to talk to him about her father. Even if she wanted to, she couldn't talk to anyone about her father. There were times she had wanted to speak with Pepper or Rhodey about it, but each time she opened her mouth, nothing had come out.
She picked up her head, hearing something. Deciding it was none of her concern, she turned back to her stupid device, which just teased her. It made her life a living hell. It was like it had a mind of its own, and its life goal was to make her go crazy. "Stupid-"
"Deal with it," Clint says, taking a seat next to Wanda and Natasha, who don't waste time resting her head against him.
She took the back off the phone and pulled the battery out. Using the flat head, she pried the black hard covering off the phone to reveal the motherboard. She studied it, trying to see how badly damaged it was. To her luck, she could fix it. She also knew she could convert the camera into a scanner, and depending on her father's system, she might be able to hack his system using a radio frequency; however, she doubted his system worked on some kind of frequencies in this time. If she had some kind of hook up on this scanner, that might work.
And he would do anything to keep these feelings, which meant tracking Toni down to wherever the genius went. It also meant that he would kill anyone who dared to keep him from Toni, and this included his handlers. Though his kills were myths- stories told to create panic, he had no doubt that his handlers would find him, but they would have a fight on their hands. A deadly fight. He was the Winter Soldier, the ultimate assassin, and there wasn't a target or assignment that he couldn't kill. He was the assassin of the ages, an unstoppable force.
"Yes, Sassy. My name for you," Toni explained as she walked pass the agent. "If you're not going to answer, I'm leaving."
"I thought you died days ago, Stark," Barton states as he closes the refrigerator's door. "You seem like it."
With each passing second, she was getting angrier. Though being a Stark made her who she was, she wondered what it would have been like if she wasn't raised by an ass, who was hardly around in the first place. Seriously, he liked to pawn her off whenever he could. No, she
He looked at her with a serious look. "No." She glared. "Don't give me that look. You aren't testing it." His voice had a parenting tone to it, and she didn't like it. "It's too dangerous."
"A quick bite to eat and then we are off to London," she answered, very bitterly. "I assume you know you're coming with us? The Colonel wants to keep an eye on you."
"Are you okay?" Dugan asked. "What got you so scared?" He followed her glance into the tents, trying to figure out what she was looking at that scared her so much.
Sharon let out a soft chuckle. "Nope, you're safe," she said, as she got to her feet with ease. With a smile, she reached out a hand to the genius. "It's the original Series. Now, I'm Next Generation fan, but the Original Series is golden."
Cho gives him a look. "True, more like their mate," she says with a chuckle. "They might piss on you."
Hearing her froze him, making him forget where he was and what the mission was. Hearing her voice made him want to drop everything and hold her tight. It made him lose all focus. Shaking his head, he turned back to Loki, who was smirking at Toni. Steve tried to tell himself that there was nothing behind that look of Loki's, but there was something more to it… heat. He wanted to yell at Loki, telling him not look at Toni that way, but he held his tongue.
"I know," he replied, turning to stare out at the calming ocean. There was a struggle on his face as he turned to Toni. "I need you to be honest with me at all times."
There wasn't really a way to describe the overwhelming dread that soaked through her like a heavy rain storm. She was saturated in it. Maybe, on a good day, she would've been able to calm herself or think clearly. However, it almost felt like she had lost IQ points, like he genius had betrayed her. Her mind was in a fog, and her body was protesting on every level. "Just do it," she hissed, pushing herself up onto her knees. Her arms were pins and needles. "Just kill me."
He narrowed his eyes. "You were found trespassing on private property, where it looked like a small bomb went off."
Tony doesn't know when the Brooklyn Twins had brought him back to his room, but he can recall them crawling into bed with him and pinning him between them. He recalls feeling completely warm and safe laying between them, and he can't help but sleep a whole 8 hours, which hadn't happen in years. It's total heaven sleeping between those two, and he has no interest in sleeping anywhere else for the near future.
The left side of her shirt hung lower than the right side, as it was not correctly button. She released whatever she held and tucked it in her shirt. "Oh, wait. I forgot that it's my fault. Always my fault," she snapped, turning back to the door.
She glanced back at the monitor, catching sight of the image of her in Steve's arms. She looked crappy in her tan cargo pants, but she was glowing in Steve's arms. She knew it was visible to anyone looking, and the media would be talking about it for a while. Who wouldn't be talking about Captain America and Iron Man locking lips? Who wouldn't be interested? She knew people would have lots to say, good and bad. Most bad when referring to her. "Let's go." She knew she would be scanning the articles later, reading it all obsessing over the bad.
With a smile as large of the moon, she turned to the rest of the class. "Thank for letting me join your class together." She was met with a round of cheers, which only got louder when she said she would fund their next project. She also included those with their faces plastered against the glass, looking like idiots. After she said, it was near impossible for to get out of there, especially when they all wanted to pose for pictures. And man, did she pose for pictures! She had lost count; however, she did remember the internal freak out she had, when she realized her dog tags and Steve's ring were visible. With something so personal, she didn't want it on show. That was for her, not the rest of the world.
Toni had decided to take another look at Stark's security before heading home from work, which was annoying as ever. She really couldn't stand the sexist attitudes of the assholes who walked by. Did they really think they were going to get in her pants that easy? Really? Were they stupid? Why in earth would she want to sleep with anyone of them when they kept insulting her because she was a woman? Just because she was female, it didn't mean that she was stupid or obedient to man. Just because she was a working girl, it did not mean she would spread her legs for anyone. Yes, she had a reputation of being a slut (one that she had started to regret), but that did not mean anything. She was not easy.
The room was silent at hearing that, and it was a few seconds later that Natasha spoke. "Fury thought it would be best if you sit out this time." She stepped next to him. "You need to rest. Stay behind with Banner. He should be back soon."
"Who are you? Where's Toni?" he asked. If she knew he was alive, she would be here with him like she always was when he needed her. She would be here, telling him what was going on.
"Nicknames are for friends," she replied, looking back to the device. It was his order to put her under, and for that, she was mad at him. He didn't care about her nightmares, that she couldn't sleep, or that she was haunted by the death of everyone around her. He just didn't care. He didn't care what he had done to her.
She closed her eyes, as she took a deep breath. "If it makes you feel better, I can take the Iron Man suit and go a few rounds with you. I won't easy on you. I promise. But let's face it, I'm awesome, and I wasn't lying when I say I would end the idiot who could to dare to lay on hand on me." With a deep breath, she forced out the image of Barnes' face.
Savin narrowed his eyes at her, as a smirk appeared on his face. "Smart guys, always thinking they're ahead, when they are the ass."
Rogers was the last name she wanted to hear, and she would do anything not to see him. She wouldn't be able to take the look in his eyes. "Is he in the tower?" She asked, hoping he wasn't.
With Steve's proposal in her head, she wasn't sure if that was true anymore. No, she knew that she didn't feel the same about marriage, but that didn't mean she knew how to answer him, or what she wanted. And, she hated that. She hated that she felt like a Lifetime movie. Hated the look on his face when he realized she wasn't going to say yes. She had never wanted to pouch herself more in her life than right there. She wanted to say yes just to get
"Really? You're belittling me to the female stereotype?" she snapped at him with a glare and a sharp edge to her words. She kicked the chair back and stood. "This isn't about them. It's about me and the fact that I shouldn't be here."
Steve leaned back in his old pine chair that didn't match the desk, which wasn't surprising. Nothing really matched in the apartment besides the ugly kitchen chairs. "Yes."
"Oh, tell me how you really feel about me!" Toni playfully whined, as her worry started to eat her on the inside.
Her shaky hands went straight for her ankle, as she rolled to her back. She fought back her groan as the rain pelted her in the face, forcing her eyes closed. "Fuck me," she cursed, as she laid there for a few seconds. "Just fuck me." Her whole body ached, and she just laid there, unable to will herself to move. Her whole body felt like it was on fire, and laying on her back did nothing to soothe it. During her last sparing/training match, the Black Willow had kicked her ass, though she was holding back. Toni had fibbed saying she was fine when Natasha had knocked hard into the wall, but she wasn't, and now, there was a huge bruise covering half of her back.
For a few long seconds, she just stared at the super soldier, recalling a few choice looks that Phillips and Rogers were giving each other while Howard held her. "What? You backed off because of Phillips?" she asked, and for a second, Toni didn't hate anyone more than him.
"If this doesn't work? What else is there?" Steve asked. He closed his eyes as he tried to recall a memory of Toni. He couldn't remember anything past that one. He didn't even know if the memory doctor had brought her back. Would any of this be worth it?
Toni almost tripped over feet, hearing a familiar cruel voice. "Oh, god no," she uttered, her voice breaking. When she was already feeling like crap, she didn't—couldn't deal with James Barnes right now. She couldn't take his angry words. not when all she wanted to do was give up.
Again, she knew her singing sucked, but no one else was allowed to say. "I tried," Toni teased, as she studied him. Though she was unsure of the time-lapse since she last saw Salty, he looked older. "Did something happen, Salty?"
"Do you believe these lies you tell yourself?" She asked as she reached for the gun in Toni's hand. "Just fooling yourself." No amount of struggle from Toni could keep the gun in her hand when the commander pried it from her.
Ignoring the judging looks and whispers, she kept her focus on Steve's door, as she reached into her pocket, pretending to look for a key. Only being at his apartment once, she was ashamed to say she didn't have key to her boyfriend's apartment. What did that say about her? Was she a horrible person? A horrible girlfriend? Was she good enough? Okay, she knew that she wasn't good enough.
Pepper glanced toward Barton as he poured himself a drink. "I'm good." She wasn't in the mood to talk to any of them, because in her mind, they all were at fault for whatever happened to Toni. As soon as she could, she was taking Toni and bringing her back to Malibu no matter what the brunette said. She couldn't let her stay here anymore.
The first thing first was getting her arm back, which she hoped would be in a few weeks. She was pushing it, but she couldn't help it. She really couldn't stand the cast and she wanted to take a saw to it, but she knew better. Toni took a big breath as she knew she couldn't wait for her arm, so the first thing really was to study the security for holes. That would take a few long days of watching, but she had to do that. After she figured that out, she would need to get her hand on a badge. "I could tail an employee and swipe his card," she thought to herself. "However, he could notice it's gone and report it's missing. A stolen badge would get me caught."
Ouch, Toni thought as she wanted to leap out the bed and attack the unnamed nurse. No one insulted Toni Stark and got away with it, but…right now, she had no choice. She had to take it as she was handcuffed to the bed…and no, it wasn't as fun as the last time she was handcuffed to a bed.
was making a difference. He was finally doing what he wanted to do: saving people. So why was he so angry? He shouldn't be this angry. He had no right to be angry.
That had Toni laughing because she hadn't been quiet about her distaste for the city. Granted, it could be because she was sleeping
"Lady!" she heard him call for her, and she could heard more than one voice, but she didn't have time to think about who else it could have been as she had blacked out.
Salty looked very uncomfortable when he stepped back to her. "You need to distant yourself from Rogers."
Fighting back her tears, she recognized her father's handwriting on the back. She felt her anger drain as her hands started to shake. It took everything she had to keep her grip on the letter. She couldn't believe how his handwriting turned her into this shaky baby. "You probably think this is funny," she replied as she opened the letter. It wasn't until a second later that Toni felt her heart stop.
If one more man slapped her ass, Toni was going to rip off his arm, slap him with it, and then shove it up his ass. She didn't care that she had a broken arm, which was feeling better with each passing day, or that she only weighed 100 pounds, she was going to beat each one of those assholes, who touched her ass. She didn't care that she was sex on legs as they had no right to touch her without her permission, and believe her, none of them had her permission.
"Captain, Mr. Banner is on his way up to speak with you," JARVIS stated after a few seconds of silence. That was one of the few things Steve liked about JARVIS as no one could sneak up on him, though it was hard to sneak up on him these days.
Not caring if Rhodes was still on the line or not, Steve took off the headset, handed it to Natasha, and gave Rumlow a harsh look. He did trust the man, unlike Toni, but he had to admit that there was something off about the man. "Just drop me off. You don't need me for the debrief," he replied.
Toni didn't respond again as JARVIS took over. Her mind state was too chaotic, and her exhaustion made it all so much worst. Maybe, if she could sleep, it would be better… but sleep was impossible for her. It was something that she would never be able to reach. Maybe, she was cursed. Just destined to fall into insanity like the Stark Way.
For one, the Super Soldier is currently dating the other Super Soldier in the tower, which comes to no surprise to the genius, as he knows the rumors well enough. Growing up, he had heard a few things about the two, which his dear old dad didn't like. Howard bit off the head of anyone who suggested that Rogers had a thing with Barnes, and no one, even Peggy, was safe from it. Tony was surprised that Howard hadn't killed anyone over it, as he bitched, making sure everyone knew that Rogers was straight. Tony wonders what his father would do now if he knew.
At first, Toni made herself small at the meeting, hiding in the corner—not that anyone can hide next to Steve. He was a neon sign that said: 'Look at me.' His arms were all that anyone needed, and it didn't help that he looked like a million bucks. Why did he have to look so good? It was unfair. It really was, but she wouldn't consider herself to be crop liver either. There was a reason why she had an army of fans.
Pepper pulled back slightly but kept Toni in her reach. "Don't ever do that to me again!" she yelled.
He flipped to Toni's article and read it as he had done many before. He smiled at Toni's smartass comments and thought about all of the times she had been snarky with him and how he wanted to ring her neck. Her nonstop comments were anything but funny, and they annoyed the hell out of him. He had no idea of how he fell for the spunky brunette, when all she did was insult him, but there was something wild about her, something special. He could see it the second she had decided to fly into the warm hole. It hit Steve hard that someone like Toni would sacrifice her life without hesitation. It was then that he saw her and not her snarky, smartass comments. He could see her compassion.
There was something in her voice that Steve couldn't read, but he didn't like it. Sure, Toni and Natasha got along for the most part—better if Toni didn't push Natasha's buttons for fun, but the spy wasn't so sure of the relationship between Toni and Steve, which annoyed him. Sure, Toni didn't have the best track record with relationships, and she was terrified of commitment, but this was different. It felt different. "Yes," he said, smoothly, as he slowly got to his feet.
Plus, what did he have to be mad about? He saved a heck ton of soldiers, including his best friend. He should be on top of the world because
Her words were dripping with emotions, but Steve still could not get a read on her. "Don't turn this on me. You did that yourself," he replied, turning to her.
"Mute," she ordered, knowing she had been muting JARVIS more than she had ever done before. She had been cutting the AI off, stopping him from doing his job. She knew she was being stupid, but she couldn't allow herself to fall apart now. If she did, it would be the end for her. No coming back. If she had to pretend everything was okay to be okay, then she would do it. "I don't have time for this."
Anyhow, I was thinking to doing another One Shot (if I can control myself and limit my words) or a short story (if I can't... probably). However, I am not sure what I would want to do if I did. So if you have anything that you would like to see, let me know!.
Toni's eye twitched as there were a few things that she never wanted to know or think about. Her father's sex life was at the top, followed by Fury's sex life. However, if she thought about, she wouldn't want to know about Romanoff and Clint's either…or Bruce's with anyone. "Can I go home?" she asked, rubbing her forehead. "So don't want to hear this."
"Just got it off." Toni waved her arm in the air. "I can move it! It feels so great." She paused as she noticed his smile, which seemed to take up his whole face. "Anyhow, I need to get to work."
Just like he suspected, Pierce wanted to know why Fury was in his apartment, which was something that Steve wanted to know himself. He didn't have an answer for the man... No, he did, but he wasn't quite sure of it just yet. Could he go off what Nick told him? To trust no one? He would have to trust the man. Granted, the idea that he couldn't trust the organization and team that he fought alongside was unnerving. He put his life in these people. "He told me not to trust anyone.
Something in Schmidt snapped, and he shoved her head back, tiling the chair with her. Only thing keeping the chair up was his bruising grip on her face. "Maybe, once I break you, you will shut your mouth," he sneered.
"Yea, different that I'm not afraid to kick your ass!" She so wished that she could punch or kick him in the face. It was so unfair that she couldn't beat the shit out of him.
Steve didn't answer right away, placing a soft kissed to her clothed shoulder. His fingers softly caressed her forearms as his legs tangled into hers. He was careful not to hit her bad ankle. "You need to rest."
Refusing to look at her hands—apart of her belief system that if she didn't acknowledge it, it wasn't happening-, she knew she was getting frost bit (or something very closed to it). She also knew if she didn't get out of this extreme weather or get a jacket of some kind, she would be in trouble. Though she could tell what the exact temperature was (not without JARVIS. She wasn't a weather nut), she could tell it was butt-ass cold, which was the only thing she needed to know in her opinion, and with the snow falling heavily around her, anyone could confirm. It would become deadly if she didn't find shelter or something soon. This she knew very well, but she had no hope that she would be able to build a fire or shelter; she was not a girl scout.
"However, I would prefer you don't do that," Rhodes said, awkwardly, as he stepped into the room. He had a pained look on her face, as he eyed Toni. "…I don't want to…know…when and how often you and Toni…do…
Fury, who was staring intensely out of the room, turned to see Agent Hill walk into the room. She wasn't his biggest fan, but she respected him, which was all that he needed. "I had, but there wasn't much he could do himself. He had no idea of how portals work, even though he uses one to get here." He took a deep breath. "I didn't think there was anything he could do in the first place."
"What do you think?" Jim snapped back. "She's smells of whiskey and covered in bruises. She isn't sleeping, Rogers!" He sneered. "To make things worse, she's seeing things according to JARVIS. So how do you think she is? Think she's coping? No!" Rhodes paused for a second, taking a few deep breaths. "And where the hell are you during this? Gone. Abandoned her. Which works out for you, as I don't care that you're an American Icon. I'll beat your ass regardless."
she yelled at herself. She still felt a little raw from the night below. This woman saw her in a full-on freak out, but there wasn't ounce of judgment in Sharon's eyes. There was this softness in his voice. Just like there was in Sam's eyes. It was weird. Toni wasn't used to this kindness without someone wanting something in returned… well, unless it was Steve. He was sweet. He was brave. Steve was everything.
Jones chuckled as he stepped toward the end of the bed. "Hey, now," he said, also unsteady on his feet. "I was quite a catch back in the day."
Can Toni and Steve's relationship survives the events of Iron Man 3? Can you all survive of Iron Man 3? And if so, then how they survive a certain Winter Soldier that comes to town?
Nope. Nope. Never going to happen. Tony refuses to think about it as he walks pass the super soldiers. "Yea, so not interested in being that third wheel," he says with a wink. Yea, he had imagined the three of them together, but that's in his dream, where it's prefect. There's no fighting. There's no one picking the other over him, but it can't be like that in the real world. He's just the second choice here, if he's a choice in the first place. "Have fun you two. Don't stay out too late. I don't wanna ground you." He says, waving his hand at her. "But I will!"
"Why is that?" she hissed as she gripped her smart phone in her hand. They had given her everything back except the thing she wanted and needed. "Why give me back everything else but that?"
"How did you know I was here? I didn't take out a flyer," she replied. Her eyes shift to Steve for a second as he approached her.
Toni started to step to her father, and she could see everyone's shock around her. She could see the looks in their eyes telling her to stop. She would see their worries look, but she didn't let those looks get to her. "Howard," she yelled, feeling her exhaustion creep on her again. It felt like her energy start to disappear as the device powered up.
Toni gave the boy another one of her smirks before closing the window and speeding off. She eyed Harley in her rearview mirror for a few seconds before turning her focus forward. With the deep sigh, she headed out of town and away from her suit, which was a struggle in itself. She had a mission to complete, and nothing was going to stop her from completing it. However, the moving shadows might. With her eyes on the road in front of her, she caught someone or maybe rather something a mere feet from the road near a lone light pole.
The Super Soldier turned back and gave Clint a look. "You and what army?" he asked in his Captain voice.
Bruce reached to one of the touch screens monitors and started a few calculations. He needed to how much power this device needed to run.
Toni pulled slightly away from Howard's chest and tried to open her eyes again. She was only able to open them enough to make out fuzzy shapes.
, there's no way that Rogers and he would work. Again, Rogers would have to like him first, which he does not and will not, and the second something would go wrong (and it will), the super soldier will go running back to the other super soldier. Then, once again, he'll have two angry soldiers coming at him again, ready to kill him, and he cannot take that again. Not again.
"Come on. Stop being Stubborn. Breath, you fool!" This was a different voice, and this voice annoyed her in less than two seconds. She was no fool and she would prove it.
Smelling something burning, Toni responded—adding very dramatically, "Are you burning my pancakes? Steve, not my pancakes! I love pancakes, especially if they have chocolate chips in them."
"When used often, the body tends to build up a natural defense foreign substance. The effectiveness of the medicines will decrease over time." The AI replied.
"Oh, I don't doubt it," the nameless scarred woman replied, giving the genius a look. There was a judgement in her eyes that annoyed Toni. "Well, have a good evening." She added, putting on a smile.
Toni turned and stared at the clock, sitting on a tall table across the room. "What are you talking about? I just adjusted it to the right time." Thanks to the malfunctioning device, she had to keep fixing the clock to the right time, because each time the device fuzzed, the clock would jump backward. She didn't know how the clock kept jumping back as it was out of the 10 foot range, but she couldn't really predict the effect of the nonworking device.
Toni turned back, looking at the shields. Though she wasn't a fan of the shield, she knew it had its pros; however, she knew Rogers wouldn't pick any of those ugly shields. They were all too fancy for him.
Not allowing Toni's comment to get to her, Maya adds, "A lots happened, Toni, but I'm close. Extremis is practically stable."
Toni took a deep breath. "I don't know if I would call myself that." Yes, she would call herself that to anyone who would listen, but she didn't need James Barnes to tell her that. She knew already. She had countless IQ tests done on her since she was small. She had been putting mainframes together since she was four, but they didn't need to know that.
"He's Rogers again?" Peggy asked, eyeing her. Toni took a deep breath as she slipped off the bed and onto her feet. "It makes things easier," she replied. It would've been simpler if she had followed her rules in the first place and hadn't gotten close to them.
She rubbed her temple. She would need to copy the badge, but that would be difficult. It all depended on type of security system that her father had. "Fuck," she muttered. A card cloner wasn't a problem as she could build a machine to hack her father's system. She had done it before. However, she didn't have the materials to build it. Yes, the hardware store gave her access to tools but she would need some computers parts, which was all but impossible to get in this decade.
"I know which time period she is in," Steve answered, explaining everything that he knew, which wasn't all that much. As he watched Banner's face change, he became worried that he would have to fight the Hulk. That was one fight he didn't know if he would win.
Steve flashed back that café where he always found himself at in New York. It was where he sat and stretched Toni; however, they did not need to know that. "The Stark Tower? That big ugly..." He paused for a second as he eyed Toni glaring at him again. "…building in New York?" He knew was digging himself a hole with Toni.
"Well, if he helps us, it helps his sentence," Clint responded. "But yea, he could be playing us all, but at the same time, he might not."
"Erskine's going to pick Steve Rogers for the Super Soldier Project," she revealed, not knowing what else she could do. She knew she was risking everything, but she needed him to believe her.
Directory Fury was still pissed, but there was hardly a time that he wasn't pissed. However, he hadn't calmed down since he had learned that someone had stolen from SHIELD,
He watched from behind the glass as the Doctor spoke with her. Erskine had a way about that him that could get anyone to trust him, even without the accent. He wasn't skillful in interrogations as he had a bleeding heart, which wasn't a good thing; however, it seemed to be working. Toni was speaking with him, which was something Phillips wasn't able to get her to do. She was letting her shield down with him.
Erskine looked down at the blue prints. "It protects her heart, and we now know how. The rector is keeping something out of her heart and I don't think she will admit what or why." He took a deep breath. "That's what's worrying me."
Toni eyed Bruce, her heart beat racing. Her mind started to pay a bad game of what ifs, and she couldn't help but wonder if Bruce would try to sedate her? He wouldn't, would he? Would he? The thought of it freaked her out, and it sent shock waves through her body. She didn't know how to handle that fear, but she refused to show it. She would not break down in the open. Taking deep breaths, the genius tried to force back her panic attack that was coming on.
Steve didn't answer at first and just smiled at the man. The friendship with Sam had been an accident, something that he wasn't expecting. Toni, with her playdates, would laugh at this friendship, but Steve would not deny how much he wanted this friendship. He had thought it would just be a 'On your left' kind of thing and never grow beyond that, but now, he didn't know what he would've done if Sam wasn't here. "Thanks, Sam," he replied, getting to his feet. He glanced back at Natasha who still looked shaken. "You okay?"
On the other hand, he did not like the media. Sure, he liked how easy it was to obtain and share information, but he didn't like how the media hounded on certain stories, which spiral and grow out of control. That was what Steve didn't like about the media. For example, he didn't like how this 'engagement' story grew and how many different narratives came from it. He had lost count to how many theories spouted, and he grew tired of it. Why did they have to talk about things that they have no idea on?
Steve let out a big huff and took a step away from her. "I bet you knew Fury hired the pirates, didn't you?"
"Enough," Steve ordered as he motioned to the sofa. He gave a warning look to Barnes before looking at Toni. "You shouldn't be up."
Toni was silence for a few long moments, a horrible sign. This woman loved to talk, and she would speak just to listen to her own voice. She cracked insults like a game, but now, she was silent, deadly silent. In complete stillness, her eyes were drilling into him, looking for something, while her right hand dropped from her side and worked its way up to the dog tags. However, it was the tears that were forming in her eyes that caught his attention.
The look on Steve's face fell slightly as he got down on his knees and settled next to her. "There's a bigger tree at the tower," he said with a smile as large as his face. He paused for a second, allowing the smile to reach his eyes. "And there is snow in New York. A few feet I hear. Enough to jump in. Want to make snow angels?"
Breathing heavily, Toni slowly broke the kiss to take a few deep breaths. The hunger in his kiss was almost overwhelming, and she would be lying if she said it didn't raise red flags. "Excited, are you?" she asked, eyeing him.
"I thought Thor sent you back to help me. Why must I promise anything to you?" she snapped. She wouldn't give this murderer anything besides a bullet to the head.
Yup, she was totally setting up a play date for these two. What did you think to grown man do on those things? Did she need snacks? Drinks? Did she need to block a room at a laser tag place or something?
Drifting off again, Steve couldn't help but notice the glow in her eyes. She wasn't smiling like she was a few seconds ago, but he could tell she was in her element. He couldn't help but stare as she looked absolutely beautiful. To him, she was already breathtaking even with stupid jokes. "Does Loki need any particular kind of power source?" he said, barely recalling saying it.
"Oh, you could've told me at any time, but no! You let me die. You let me fall to my death. Just admit it."
Things felt better now that Toni had settle things with Steve, though things were still weird with Peggy. She wasn't her mean self at the moment; sure, she still told her what to do, but she was kind of nice about it and that stuck Toni as odd. She wasn't sure if this was a trick or whether Peggy was turning a page. Was she calling a cease fire? She hoped so, because she did not have energy to fight anymore. She had other thing to do like stealing a core from her annoying father. However, that was turning out to be a bigger challenge than she expected. She should've expected that since her father could always outsmart her.
"You know you shouldn't be so mean," Phillips said as Peggy brought over a chair. He glanced at the doorway that Rogers disappeared through.
After a quite look to insure Toni was okay, Steve jumped over the chair in one leap. "You have to do better than that, Doll." He teased, as his old accent started to break through.
She stared at him wondering why she thought of Rogers before Barnes. "I know," she said as she followed him out of the bushes. "Plus, I'll be harder to catch this time." She forced a smile.
Even if no one thought it was possible, she knew when to shut up—she just didn't do it. She was silent though as she wasn't stupid, especially when she was on the ground and unable to stand. With the intensity and length of the fight, her legs felt like jello and she was unable to put any weight on them. Having jumped from suit to suit, she had pushed herself to her limits. Toni wasn't out of shape, but she wasn't a soldier. She wasn't trained like Barton or Rogers. She wore herself out fast, especially when she had to jump from suit to suit to avoid getting killed.
However, at the same time, he didn't want her to suffer the same way that he did. He wanted to save and protect her from that. Again, he didn't understand why or what these feelings were, but his stomach flopped at the thought of her hurt. It made him want to learn so much more why she was special. Why did she cause these feelings in his chest? Why did she had this pull on him? Whatever the reason was, he had no idea who she was, as the Handlers wouldn't tell him as much, only giving him what was mission sensitive. Her name was not mission sensitive. Was there a reason for that? Did his handlers know something?
Toni didn't know what he was saying, but she was pretty sure he was mocking her. "Well, not my fault you have super muscles. Totally unfair," she replied, though she was not sure why she bothered. "You got to give a girl-" Toni paused, her mind spinning. He may be super, but he was a man and all men have the same weakness, right? Without wasting any time, she kicked him as hard as she could between the legs. At first, Toni didn't know what to expect or how he would react. She had never kicked Steve there, so she didn't know how much it would hurt a super soldier.
Toni glared at him as she shoved him hard, and in his shock, she was able to dash by him. "I'm fine," she yelled as she ran out of the room. To her luck, she wasn't wearing a hospital grown, but she wasn't wearing any shoes. However, she wasn't going to let that stop her. She needed to get out of here, and Salty calling her name wasn't going to stop.
His eye twitches, knowing that he has to be careful, but he doesn't slow down. "That's exactly what it is. Don't confuse it with anything else."
Then there was Bruce, a close friend. Did he just let Toni leave to? Did anyone try to stop her? Pepper wasn't sure why she left and no one stopped her, but she was going to get some answers. She needed answers.
In all her years, Toni never wanted to take over the world…Okay, she had thought about it a few times, thinking how easy it would be, and heck, it really was if she put any effort into it. Genius and all…but you can't blame her! Who didn't dream about taking over the world? At some point in their lives, world domination was on everyone child's mind, and Toni's mind was no exception, especially with a father like Howard. With Howard, nothing was off limit, and every possibility should be studied and examined. Though Howard had his issues, there was one thing he didn't take from her: her dreams. Even in his drunken stage, there was nothing she couldn't do, even if she did annoy the hell out of him toward the end of line.
However, as she stared at Barnes' forehead, she couldn't help but feel like her heart shatter. In another life, it could've been Bucky instead of Steve that she loved. She could feel it deep in her chest, boiling just beneath the surface. If Bucky didn't die (if she forgone the whole-time traveling thing), he could've been the one that she had fallen in love with. He could have been
Hearing his first name, he froze and glanced back. "Toni," he muttered. He didn't move; he just watched her run to him. He stepped forward as he noticed her stumble.
Startled at Steve's question, he didn't answer right away. "I'm not thinking of leaving. Toni is one of the few people, who I can be myself around, and I wouldn't give up that friendship."
His back was toward her and she could see how stressed he was. "So where's Barnes?" she asked. Though she never saw him leave, she knew he wasn't here. She would've seen him by now.
Toni was beginning to wonder why she wanted to come back to these people. All they did was tease and her. "Hey, can you blame me? I can only handle you people for so long."
"I kind of put that together." He said, waving at the two. "Must've freaked you out coming home after the whole defrosting thing," he replied, taking his hand.
All that side, the sight of what Clint assumed to be Toni's blood pissed him the hell off. Forcing himself to take a few deep breaths, he touched it with his ungloved hand. The idea would probably disgust others, but it was a useful tool to the archer, as it could tell him a few things. "Mother fucker," he cursed. He hoped he wasn't this far behind, but he was at least an hour or so behind. The blood was almost dry with only a tact to it. "If this was where the fucker grabbed her, where did he go?" he asked, his anger breaking through his voice. It was like the kidnapper had vanished after he had taken the genius, as there were no other footsteps.
However, Tony is willing to look past this, because he knows he's being crazy. He knows it's his insecurities talking, and if he listens to them, he knows he'll lose it. He knows he'll push everything he has away, and he knows he'll lose the Super Soldiers, which is the last thing that he wants. Besides, he knows he's overreacting, and waking up alone isn't the worst thing ever. It isn't the end of the world, and he shouldn't read too much into it.
That had been one of Toni's fears, which was why she hadn't tried it yet. What would she do if it didn't work? "How did you come to that idea? You have no idea of what I'm trying to do," she replied.
Though she had noticed that Loki had disappeared, that wasn't important. She had to speak to Phillips about her accompanying the 107. "Yes, myself. You know I'm crazy," she stated as she kicked the journal under the bed. "I got to go," She stated as she dashed out of the tent.
"I want that ankle looked at," he said, eyeing his uniform. There was a twitch in his hand, as it looked like he was trying to decide something.
Recognizing the voice, Toni glanced up with a glare. "Mr. Stark," she greeted, trying to keep back her anger.
So before Toni could even come up with the idea, he shot her down as gently as he could. He played up his non-relationship with Peggy, which wasn't fair to Peggy. At first, he thought he had imagined the pain in Toni's eyes as it disappeared in a blink of an eye but later he could see how crushed she was. It completely crushed him to see her like that, but it had to be done. She was in enough pain; she couldn't handle anything else. It also wouldn't have been right. She was his best friend's dame, even if he saw her first.
Not wasting another second, he stepped forward, signaling the doors to open automatically, and as he stepped in, Bruce stepped to the side, wiping his hands on something. When Toni swung her legs over the side of the exam table, Steve couldn't stop the blush that was forming in his cheeks. His cheeks felt warm to the touch. Her blouse was unbuttoned with her chest exposed, and it was battle to keep his eyes off her chest. She was beautiful. Breathtaking. Perfect.
"Fury must've missed one," he said while huffing. Maybe, he did it on purpose, but why would he do that? Maybe, Fury knew how affected he would be by it; however, that didn't make sense. No one knew how he felt about her. No one besides Philips. If he did know, Steve didn't know what the reason would be, but he would ask the Director about it.
Phillips kept back his snort in annoyance as Erskine was able to get her. "Figures," he muttered to himself. "Though, it seems like the silence is getting to her." He knew she would because the silence was maddening.
And with the nicknames for Barnes, I was thinking Toni might give him to depending on how close she gets to him.
That wasn't the question she was expecting from him, but she had an answer: she wasn't crazy…well not yet anyhow. However, she wasn't able to voice it as her brain was going into overdrive. It was hard to think pass the small person in front of her. He must've been teased so much, she thought, sadly. She wasn't aware of his life before he became an America's icon, but as he didn't speak about it, she was sure it wasn't good. She didn't blame him on that one, because she didn't want to talk about her messed up childhood as well.
"Is there something going on? I'd seen you jump before," he said as he covered her with his huge uniform jacket. "You shouldn't be out in the cold. You're freezing. We need you healthy for tomorrow." He watched her like she was something fragile, about to break.
Without another thought, Toni swung her fist and decked him in the face, sending him back. "Find your fun elsewhere, Fucker," she hissed. "I'm not opening my legs for you."
Her eye twitched. "I don't make weapons." She never really got along with any of the soldiers she worked alongside with as she couldn't keep her mouth shut, but it was difficult with these idiots. Future Rogers and even past Barnes had told her that her I-don't-care-about-others personality would make people dislike her, but she couldn't bring herself to stop.
hit the asshole who called her that. Salty was the exception to that rule though, as hitting him would land her in a cell. However, maybe she could glue him to a chair… That might still land her in a cell.
He put on a smirk. "Once you get dressed, report to Agent Carter. You two will be spending lots of time together, as she'll be keeping an eye on you."
"I am afraid I have been stalling, Captain." Zola uttered. "Admit it, it's better this way. This way you won't have to see Stark in her new role. Oh, I am sad that I will miss it."
He shifted again, trying to look into her eyes. He was trying to read her facial expression and Toni wasn't going to let him. "You seemed all too comfortable and confidence, which sold it for me."
Howard stuck out his left hand and showed them. It was burnt. "I'm starting to think it has a mind of its own and it hates me, which is impressive as no one or thing hates me."
"Who said I wasn't?" she asked. Keeping the gun trained on him, she shifted her body. She wasn't a good shot, but she knew she couldn't miss from this distance.
Toni narrowed her eyes, trying to soak in as much as she could about the man. It felt like he was hardly taken out of box with that wild hair of his. When was the last time that thing was cut? Now, she couldn't see his face due to a large black mask that covered his entire face, which fit the hired assassin look. With that metal arm of his, it was hard to believe that he was human. Who the hell was the man?
"Hey," Steve said again. "Look at me, Toni." He waited a second, waiting for her to pick up her head. "Toni." He called against softly, when she didn't answer. "There we go," he said, when she slowly picked up her head and looked at him. "I'm here. I'm not going anywhere."
: he's going out. He's going find some chick…maybe two…or maybe, not. He's pushing his luck with more than one. He is not a teenager in more ways than one.
"Wait, you're really leaving?" Toni asked surprised. She wasn't expecting him to leave so easy, and she kind of didn't want him to leave. She had been sitting in a room alone enough and she wanted something to do even if it was just staring at someone.
Thanks to her converses, she was able to make out it of the building in record time, just as she found it almost impossible to breath. Even with her legs shaking beneath her, she made it to the Mark 7 armor before anyone could stop her. She wasn't sure if she was imagining the hot flashes, but she was focused on getting into the Iron Man Suit. Even if she wasn't sure that she had a home, this suit was where she felt the safest. It was where she felt free, strong. It was everything.
"Why thank you." She paused as she put on a smile. "You don't. It's a shame, isn't it? Picking on someone smaller than yourself?" she mocked. She glanced toward Steve, who was looking intensely at the ground.
"Me careful?" She laughed. "You're funny." She pushed him away slightly so she could look up at him. She was worried about him being this close and noticing the glow, but she realized that he wasn't anywhere else but her eyes. "There's no fun in that..." She could feel the heat buildup in her cheeks.
"There's also the fact that you were found with two unknown devices. Very interesting devices I must say," Erskine stated. "It's fascinating that you would intergrade the device into your chest."
She was getting really sick of being treated like some weakling because she had a damn vagina. "Does this has to do with me being a fucken woman?" she demanded as she got into his face. "I thought you were different." She couldn't believe Barnes was a sexist pig like Phillips.
"We couldn't have known that. If that base was half as full as it could've been, we would've been screwed," Rogers argued.
Toni wasn't sure what she was doing, but she needed to get out of the city and out of the city quickly. She needed to get out into open air, trying to feel free. So, she could breathe. She needed to separate herself from the distractions of the world, to separate herself from the noise of the city that threaten to overwhelm her. With a deep breath, she zoomed out of the city in her Iron Suit, heading toward the open water at top speed. Making past the bay in seconds, she narrowed the distance between her and the water.
Steve laughed, knowing to what she was referring to, but, now was not the time for that, even though his pants were suddenly extremely tight. He needed to get Toni to bed, seeing the exhaustion in her eyes. He could see how tired she was. She needed to sleep, more than she needed sex. "No, I am not."
It took everything Steve had to not say anything when it was nonstop. Bucky would've insulted them and pouched them for even thinking like that about Toni. However, Steve, being the peaceful person that he was, didn't say a word. They would have to shut up? He forced himself to take a few deep breaths, focusing on how amazing it felt to have Toni in his arms. He focused how wonderful it felt to be with her and how he wouldn't let her go, even if she didn't want to get married.
This was when Toni stepped back and away from Peggy, who was breaking in front of the genius. "Please, don't do this. We have time. We can work it out," the Agent begged.
"You bitch," he hollered as the car jerked to the left and off the road. It tremored violently, as it drifted onto a dirt, rocky path at high speeds.
He was still smiling at her with that cheesy smile of his, refusing to give up. "This is inside my head. It's a…It's a live feed. Come on up, I'll prove it to you," he said, still grinning with that stupid face of his. Not waiting for Toni to respond, he stepped onto the glass coffee table, not caring if it broke underneath him. He ducked under the hologram as if to avoid hitting it. "Come on," he said as he held out his hand to her again. "Don't be afraid, Toni. It won't bite."
"Don't tell me what to do!" she snapped. Toni watched him leave before she turned back to her lab. "JARVIS, I do not want any other interruptions." She returned to her chair. "Turn the music up loud. I don't want to hear myself think." The AI did as she wished this time and turned the High Way to Hell up so loud that Toni knew they would hear it upstairs, but she didn't care.
The jack landed in the corner just as the doors to the elevator opened. "Home sweet home," Toni cheered as she stepped out of the elevator.
Because of that, he did his tasks assigned to him without question. He didn't care who he killed or hurt. He didn't care if he was hurt. It was all about the mission, all about completing his goal. It was about pleasing his handlers. His pleasure or happiness weren't a factor or important, and it was killed the second he showed any interest besides killing. They were taken before they could grow, leaving him feeling empty. Empty all the time.
Natasha, narrowing her eyes, gave him a calculating look before taking the phone and putting it on speaker phone. "Romanoff." She said, her hard expression still planted firmly on her face.
Barnes doesn't say a word as he breaks away from Steve and essentially jumps over the bed to get Tony. For a second, Tony forgets his feelings and just stares at the man as his shirt—which seems to be a size too small- stretches against his chest. It seems like the both of them have the bad habit of wearing tight shirts that stick to every part of their bodies, leaving nothing to the imagination. Tony curses that part of his brain that stares, and he hates himself even more.
"Didn't know what we would find," he replied, as he looked up and glanced around. "Have to be ready for anything."
He was on a mission, and he wouldn't let anyone stop her. As soon as he got back on the motorcycle, Steve raced out of there, looking for her.
With a small laugh, she stared at his red face, not sure where he was going, but she wasn't going to try and figure out. She had to care to find out and she didn't care. "Okay," she said, turning from him. "And don't tell her that."
Now didn't that sound special? On one hand, SHIELD would have the tools she needed, but on the hand, they were all snakes in the grass.
Out of habit, Toni took a look around, looking for her stalker. It made sense that her stalker was working with Hydra, but something was still off. How could Hydra know anything about her? There could be a mole inside of Salty's operation, but that didn't make sense either. If there was, Hydra wouldn't need a mission to get her as they could get her while she was alone. That Commander was also shocked to see her there, and if there was a spy, they would've known that.
"Then there're the calls from the reporters," Pepper added. "They're like sharks who smell blood in the water. A warning would've been nice!"
"You better behave, Stark, or follow us," Natasha ordered, giving her a knowing look, before she sped off. The tires squealed as dust was kicked up into the air.
Toni raised her eyebrow to that, wondering if Madame Hydra was the Female Commander that she loved so much. She had to be, because Toni doubted there were a lot of female soldiers in Hydra. "What kind of name is Madame Hydra? She couldn't think of a better name?" she joked.
However, Steve was so darn good at kissing that he was stole her breath. He stole her ability to think, and that was something she wanted. She wanted to forget all of her problems. She wanted to forget her guilt and shame, though this was much more than that. Sure, this was a happy side effect, and she had used sex for this very purpose of forgetting the past even if it was for a few hours. No, this time, it was something more, and it started with this strong feeling in her chest. It started with this deep desire in her heart for Steve and his happiness.
Toni glared. "Listen, Bucky. I almost got it. You don't need to baby sit me. I'm pretty tough," she said while flexing. "And if you don't, I'll hurt you." She couldn't let anyone get hurt while they were protecting her.
Rogers laughed. "Why shouldn't I? My asthma alone makes me ineligible." He stood up and crossed to the window. "And let's not forget my color blindness."
Clint chuckled as he turned to the door. "I better leave you two idiots alone before I see something I don't want to see." When he stepped into the doorway, he paused and stared at the Super Soldier. "Don't you hurt her, Rogers," he threatened, his voice turning serious. "You'll find some arrows in some painful places, if you do. Painful
"You would not be wrong, Miss," the AI replied. "Captain Rogers took it exceptionally hard as well as Miss. Potters."
"Nothing." Toni eyed him. She held her breath as she watched his eyes drifted down to her chest. For a second, she thought he was looking at her boobs again, but he was looking at the spot where the reactor was located. "You're looking at my chest again and there's nothing to see. I'm not showing anything." Her shirt was hiding her chest.
"Toni, fine, be stupid," Pepper yelled in frustration. "I'm not going to try then." She turned away and walked up the steps. It hurt to see Pepper work away, but Toni knew this was what she wanted.
"I think you're jealous," Toni stated as she tried to walk away, but the unnamed guy stepped in front of her. "Is there a problem, Private?"
Steve took a deep breath as he turned away from the window. "The devices stolen from Black Hawk were there but they were moved. We missed them by an hour or so, but the mission wasn't total waste. We did find something." Knowing that it would not get him drunk, he stepped to the bar. "Do you really think these devices can help?"
"I cannot allow that, Miss. Potts," the AI stated. No one could get use to the disembodied voice as it came out of nowhere.
Pepper crossed back to the closet and pulled an article of clothing off the hanger. She folded it as she walked back to the suitcase on the ground. "There's nothing to talk about," she replied, quickly. "We're leaving now. Do hear me, Toni?"
"Movie night. You've missed the last few, and the team's getting annoyed. Again, they would be down here themselves if it wasn't for Skynet," he says with a smile. "So here I am. So let's go. I'm not taking no for an answer."
Steve looked back over his shoulder at them. "It sure seems like it," he muttered as he stormed out of the room. He didn't want to listen or talk about this anymore, as it just pissed him off. Seriously, how could they trust Loki? He murdered half the city and countless more, and they were trusting Toni to him? How could they do that?
She tried to laugh but it just sounded like a frog, when it came out. "I won't tell you anything." She paused. "Besides, you can't kill me until I talk and I won't," Toni stated with her voice almost nonexistent. She just had to hold out until Rogers came and saved the day. She knew he was coming; she just have to last that long. She knew she could because they wouldn't kill her…Or maybe, they would…But would it matter if they did?
Rogers, Barton, and Romanoff stepped into the Tower just before 3 am, shortly before it started to rain—No, downpour. It was a complete downpour. The city became a burry mess as the thick rain ran down the long windows of the tower. With the light dimming, it was hard to see anything besides water, not that anyone cared for the view for the moment. The gang had arrived back early by a few days, and they just wanted to crawl into bed and sleep for days. It was nice to be back after a ruff few weeks, and no one was complaining about the lack of view or the horrible weather.
However, it pulled at her heartbeat race at the same time, as Toni watched the head piece of her Mark 42 suit burn and melted (Yes, it was that hot). Though her suits were just metal, they were her babies—her greatest creations. They were what made her special, more than that spoiled rich bitch. They made her a hero (some might fight on the degree, but they could shut their face) and gave her meaning. It made her a better person. So, watching her suit, her baby, burn was a shot to the chest. It felt like someone had cut her open. It was like she was bleeding.
Toni almost choked twice on that one sentence. One: did he just say fonduing? Two, did he just infer that Peggy and her father had this thing? The first one was funny, but the second wasn't. She didn't like that idea at all. Was her mother right? Did her father cheat? She wouldn't put it pass him.
Wanda pushes herself up on the sofa, wearing a slight smile as she looks up at the Archer. Clint is one of her favorite Avenger, and her mood is always better when he's around. "What about a Disney movie?" she asks, her accent thick. Even with the amount of times she spends with them, her accent has not disappeared.
When Steve finally pulled away, he was beaming at her. It was almost sickening how happy he was. "You have no idea of how much that means to me."
"If I mean nothing to you, why are you wearing my dog tags?" he asked, his eyes drilling into her. "And I want an honest answer for once."
Not even a second later, a voice echoed through the guinnjet. "I am sorry, Agent Barton and Romanoff, but I am in need of Captain Rogers."
Once Steve arrived at the left side of the bed, he pulled the sheets back and lifted his leg to climb in, but before he could get in, Toni pushed up slightly. "Stevie, I have a rule. No socks in bed," she chuckled. "So take those bad boys off."
Toni shifted on the couch so she could look at Barnes. She could see the tension in his shoulders and she knew he was going to tell Rogers the truth. She did not want to be here for that. "Hey, Barnes," she stated as she stood up. "Where have you been?" she asked.
Phillips stared at him for a second, wondering about that tone of his. He didn't like it too much; it had a command tone that he couldn't understand as Rogers had no authority even if he had the title of Captain. "You don't get to give me orders, Son."
Steve lets out a painful sigh as he looks at Bucky. He eyes the pain expression on his boyfriend's face before he turns back to Tony. "Come on, Tony…" He starts but is only met with silence. He takes a deep breath, waiting for Tony to speak, and when he doesn't, he adds, "He's right. You have to talk to us. I know there's something wrong."
She growled which made him laugh harder. She threw the other fist in annoyance, but that wasn't too smart as he was able to grab it as well. "Ass," she muttered.
This man was getting on her nerve and she was this close to letting Barnes beat the shit out of this man, but she doubted Rogers would be happy about that. Why did she have to be the reasonable one? Did no one understand why that was a very bad idea? She didn't know what reasonable was. "Look, that's one thing we can agree with," she smiled evilly. "I can handle this dog on my own. Not his fault that he's a teeny weeny goon and can't get a hot dame. And let me tell you, I'm too hot for this dog."
At first, Steve expected the team to drop him off and leave, but Natasha and Clint followed him off the jet and into Toni's Mansion. Even though they looked calmed, they were worried about their genius and wanted to check on her before they and the STRIKE team took off for DC. Though Toni might not see it, she meant a lot to this team, and they would do whatever it took to keep her safe. Anything.
She wasn't sure what to say to him, as she knew the future. She could tell him to keep trying and that he would make it through, but how could she say that? No sane military recruiter would take Rogers. He had asthma, he was anemia, and there were other countless things wrong with him. However, she didn't want to kill his dream, because he needed his dream. It was the reason why he became Captain America, and this country needed that. "Are you going to keep trying?"
The assassin's eyes twitched. "Don't call me Tashie," she glared. "And Christmas decorations. Cap here wants to fancy up the place."
However, on a night like this, she wished he was here. Here to tell her that her dreams were only nightmares. Dreams that she could control, but he wasn't here. He wasn't here to tell her that everything was okay. He was on some mission, and she was here
With her stomach growling in her ear, Toni ordered a meal fit for two, which had Steve guessing her second guessing her sanity. He gave her once over. Granted, she could say that she was guessing his sanity, as he ordered less than her. When she teased him—asking him if that was enough, he responded saying that he would just eat hers. "OH, hells no, Rogers. That's how fingers get eaten." She countered, putting away from him.
Toni, whose eyesight was foggy, glanced up at her torturer. His face was blank as if his mind had been wiped and some kind of operating system had been put in its place. It frightened her to think about how he got like that. What kind of thing would do that to another human being and it was that idea that got her scared again. She struggled weakly with the restrains, but her strength was gone. She was unable to anything except to look into the blank face of the soldier, who was checking the restrains.
"Steve?" Came the foggy cry. "That's h-hurts. Stop it." Her eyes were still closed as she tried to fight him off.
So no matter what the AI said, nothing would stop the panicking genius from going over the edge. Toni Stark could feel her heart race as she asked, "W-what's questionable about electricity?" Her hands were shaking as she tried to control her breath and failing. "…Alright, it's my suit and I can't…I'm not gonna…I don't wanna…" Toni started having another panic attack, as she couldn't catch her breath, and she rushed out of the car, letting the door to bang loudly. Only getting a foot away, she fell to the ground and puked.
Though he looked like he wanted to fight her, he put on a small smile and walked to his room. "I will hold you to that," he stated as he disappeared into his room.
The genius doesn't have an issue with the Enhanced. He really doesn't, but he doesn't feel comfortable around
"Going to scare her into hailing Hydra?" Rumlow mocked as he looked away. "Not sure how that's going to work, if he disobeys at the sight of her."
Why couldn't he understand that she didn't want to talk? She was tired of talking? She tired of feeling things…
Schmidt dragged Toni behind him as he stepped toward Zola. "The Americans cannot compete with this!" He stated.
"We don't need to be friends," Peggy replied. "It's not my job to friendly." This was where Toni toned them out.
"Don't," she warned, softly, as she twisted away from Jim. She shoved away his hand and scooted the chair away from him. All of the sudden, it felt really warm in Pepper's office as everything came rushing back to her. The room felt like it was on fire, and she felt like she was going to die as she struggled to breath. The room felt like it was closing in on her, and she needed to get out. She needed to get away, before she lost it.
Before Toni knew what happened, she felt his presence behind her. She felt his breath on her neck again and it sent chills up her spin.
Sharon was determined and didn't let the conversion dropped. "That's not an answer. Do you love him?"
"My former boss, Mr. Litt, didn't believe Mr. Stark when he came to him. How would he know where his teenage daughter would be in a decade or so? However, it seems like he did. Your father was an interesting man."
"If I may interrupt you, Colonel Rhodes," JARVIS said, "Miss Potts does not have the authority to revoke access to the Mark 7 or any other mobile armor."
"You should stop talking about yourself," she replied with a heavy breath. "That isn't very nice." As soon as he let her go, she ran; however, she had only made it a few feet before he came to his senses. He had grabbed her from the back of her neck and ram her into the brick wall. Her face smashed into the wall and she was completely helpless. She couldn't even open her eyes.
Though her left eye was useless making it difficult to make anything out, she was able to see that this man was not Barnes or Rogers. It worried her at first, because she had no idea of who this was or the where the hell Barnes or Rogers were. Why would they leave her alone with someone she didn't know? She tried to glance around but the muscles in her neck hurt and she couldn't muster it through the pain.
to be in her head. It just had to be, and if she thought it through, it made sense. You brain couldn't function without sleep, and she hadn't been sleeping. Anyone with half a brain could see that. Barton made comments about her sleeping habits all the time. With her lethargic brain playing tricks on her, there was no doubt that she was seeing things. "No."
"You two know each other?" Steve asked, his eyes narrowing at Rumlow. His tone changed slightly as he took in the Rumlow stance.
Steve already knew that as Colonel Phillips had a hard time with her. "And you're all about style, aren't you?" he asked. At the moment as he stared at her, he had a hard time believing this was the same woman that he had lived with for a short time. How was this the woman who held ice to his face when he came home beaten up?
Granted, i might have gotten this out sooner if it wasn't for all of the stories popping up in my head. I have so many ideas that keep playing in my heads. If I don't get them out, they distract me! Which is why i probably have so many unfinished, non published stories on my computer. Writing just gets them out. Haha
She didn't know what to expect from the Rogers of this time, but she wasn't expecting a messy as hell apartment from Rogers, who never had a hair out of place. He was as neat as they came. "No, girlfriend to help clean?" she asked, knowing that he didn't have an important other. He was innocent as they came to love, and she wasn't even sure he ever kissed a girl before.
"So? There are poly relationships." She says it as if he should already know this. She says this like this is the most normal thing on the planet. She talks about like it is easy. "Go for it."
Giving him a smile, she responded, "Now, I don't give autographs this early in the morning, especially without five cups of coffee." She paused for a second. "Make that six. Totally not a morning person…Or afternoon person."
"I was Stark's secretary at one point. It was my job to know everything about her," Romanoff, who always sounded annoyed, stated more irritated than usually.
Toni stared at him, breathing deeply, as she tried to control her breathing. "Let it go. Why don't you go find Carter and bother her?" She hated that he kissed Peggy, even if she shouldn't care.
She knew Steve had a point, and she wanted to believe that, but Barnes' ghost wouldn't leave her alone. "But he-"
At least, Peggy had a great life, loved by many, which was the most anyone could ask for. It just felt horrible remembering the good days, the days where she could remember her name. They were painful reminders of how far Peggy had fallen. Like a curse, memories played like a movie in Toni's head, pausing in place. Under a mountain of blankets, a young Toni was glued to Peggy's arm as the woman told stories of her war days. At times, her mother was on the other side of her, boxing her in. Those days were heaven, especially when her father popped in and added random funny pieces to the story. God, she loved those times. "Well, I had to make sure you didn't burn the bacon."
"Yea, Tony, we're sorry," Rogers says, shifting slightly to look at his face. "We should've realized."
Toni looked around, and if the hallway was used to judge, that apartment wasn't going to be a million bucks apartment, but she wasn't going to complain. She was out of the cold and she was very thankful for that. Maybe, she could sleep in the lobby instead of a shelter. "This seems like a nice building," she said, forcing out the words.
Bruce turned back to the device, which hated him. He didn't usually projected emotions on objects like Toni did, but he was willing to make an exception for this. This device hated him. He didn't know how Toni was even able to get it to hold power for a second. Jarvis had showed him a few clips of Toni working on it, but it could only help so much. The two devices may look the same but he couldn't get his to work. He looked at the picture. "Even if we could get it working, we would need a lot of power." He looked at the blue prints, trying to look for any clue how she did it. "How did she power this?" he asked.
Looking away from the Captain, Rhodes glanced down at the genius in his arms and his expression soften at the sight of her. He loosened his hold on her but kept her close. "Sorry, Tones, but I've been so worried," he said, tenderly. "Though, I have a bone to pick with you. You revoked my access to the Mark 7, while in combat, Toni."
Peggy glanced back at the use of the word Salty. "He still does, but Dr. Erskine doesn't think so. He believes you are no threat."
As if she had been burnt, Toni pushed off the man's hand and rolled away from him. "Stranger Danger," she yelled, as she pressed her back against the wall and scanned the room. "I repeat! Stranger Danger," she yelled, as she tried to get her legs to any anything. The only thing she felt was numbing pain, and no matter what she did, her legs felt dead.
Rogers looked at her before turning away and staring at the wall. He stayed like that for a few minutes before he turned back. "Where did you go that night of the expo?" he asked, stepping to her. "You disappeared with no good bye."
Toni broke from the kiss first, but she didn't go far as she was smiling against his lips. "I can get use to this."
Toni breathed in sharply. This was nothing new, having heard this speech many times after becoming Iron Man. Before she hadn't been scared to hear it, but now, it scared her, as it sounded like she meant it this time. "This sounds…" Toni asked, drifting off.
The Commander looked away from Toni to the monitors and glared, not liking something. Her look could frighten young children, though it also scared her. She looked like she could skin someone alive. With a sickening scowl, she looked back to Toni, which told her that someone was coming and it wasn't Hydra. That lit Toni up and kept her fighting, but it didn't last for long. Before anyone could arrive, the fuming, irritated Commander picked her up and threw over her shoulder to carry her out. Fear rose up inside of her, knowing she was going to be tortured again, but at least, she was able to download everything into that device or so she hoped.
Toni shook her head, as she let out a loud sigh. Why couldn't this guy leave her alone like the rest of crazies? Was he attracted to her crazy? She supposed it was her fault for being out this late. "Take a hint, and leave me alone," she snapped, stopping and turning around.
"What? You knew about that?" she asked, stepping to Steve. Standing a mere feet from the Super soldier, her hand closest to him twitched at her side.
Bucky replies. He sounds like he has been caught in the headlights, but he also sounds relieved like he has finally gotten the thing he always wanted.
Toni tried her best to suppress her flinch, but she jumped at the voice. She knew who it was before she turned around; however, his presence still surprised her, even though she expected this. He was after something after all. She wished the murderer would just leave her alone as she wasn't going to give in, even if she went crazy. "Anyone would," she replied as she turned around to face him.
"He will, and he will be the only Super Soldier that Erskine will produce." Toni stared at him, knowing that she was saying too much already. She could already be risking the future.
"No, he wouldn't." Peggy pushed herself off the wall and looked Toni over. "Was that why you were in there awhile?"
"Who decided it was a good idea to let Stark fly?" Barton asked in her ear. "She's like a dog off a chain, jumping and barking at everything. She's going crazy, Rogers." He chuckled.
He rounded the lab table with his eyes on the device. "Why don't you tell me what this thing does besides sucking out power?"
Rocking her and talking to her softly, Steve didn't know how much time had passed, but the genius had since fallen asleep in his arms. His heart warmed at the sight of the brunette resting in his arms, sign how much she trusted, and he couldn't help but smile as there was no one else that he wanted in his arms, no one else that he was willing to die for. Yes, he would give up his life for the greater good, but with Toni, it was more. He would do
Tony almost runs into the door as he slides the rest of the way down the hallway and into the medical bay. If it isn't for the auto sliding doors, he would've ran right into the glass doors. However, that wouldn't have mattered to him as he is focused on finding Rogers and Barnes. He needs to see them, and he needs to check them out for himself.
Without much thought, she swung her good arm, but he caught it easy and pinned it above her head. "It won't be that easy." There was a hint of laugher in his voice. "No lady can best me."
"Good for her." That man could lie as easily as he can breathe. Though she knew to doubt everything he said, his lies blended so well with the truth that it was impossible to tell them apart. No lie detector could best him, even the ones that SHIELD had invented. Toni would be impressed if she didn't think ninjas were going to drop from the ceiling. She had to force herself to look at Fury instead of ceilings.
"Like how to drive in style?" she asked, pressing herself into the back of the seat. "This is not my style. I can't afford to be seen in this. What would people say?"
With a look of defeat, Steve glanced up from the pan, sparing her a quick look before looking back down. "You know what? Me, you. We're going out to get breakfast. There's this nice dinner a few blocks down."
He wasn't wrong about that as Toni would do more than just pinch him. She would punch in the face or the nuts—most likely the nuts. He was pushing all of her buttons, though that wasn't hard to do in her current state. "Why don't you use that hand of yours instead? You probably use it a lot, isn't that right? Hard to find that special person."
Phillips let out another sigh as he shook his head. "No, you need to rest." He stared at her, giving one of his famous looks. "You won't like this, but we're going to have to sedate you." He turned to the nurse and waved her forward.
He, with his ears to the ground, had been touching base with Sharon Carter every few hours, comparing notes. Sharon, though not Toni's biggest fan, was also pissed that had taken her and was also searching for her, and if they were both looking for Toni, they might as well work together. Clint, who hadn't been quiet about it, had never been a fan of the whole creepy neighbor thing that Fury had set up, but he didn't hold it against the woman, who was simply doing her job even if the whole thing stunk like shit. Anyhow, after speaking Agent Carter and hearing her take on what was happening within SHIELD, Clint knew who had taken Stark. Well, he knew who physically took the genius; before, he only thought something was off. Now, he knew that the Strike Force was dirty. He also knew that Rollins was getting two arrows in each knee. Rumlow will get two in each knee as well.
"Stay out my head," he snaps. Tony does not need or want her in his head, and it doesn't take genius to know how much damage she can do.
"And is Nancy your nurse as well?" Toni asked, sliding to the end of the bed. She eyed his cane, watching for any sudden movements. She was too tired to block or avoid the hit, and she didn't want another bruise on her shins.
"P.S., the answer is still no, but you can so let me go," Toni said, eyeing the device in his hand. Then Toni wondered if she should let him know that she knew he was behind this. If she played dumb and not alert him that she knew, she might learn something. She might be able to trick him into giving her something that she could use.
The idea that Hydra was back was a punch to the gut, as the consequences were substantial. It meant that he left Toni in Hydra's hand. It meant that everything he had worked for and lost meant nothing. Bucky flashed in his mind. "Prove it."
To make things worse, she was suddenly flooded with more memories, though some seemed more like nightmares. Nonstop nightmares that Toni couldn't control. Some were painful memories, while others were repeated nightmares she had. She kept seeing the bloody deaths of her loved ones, and with each image, she felt like she was drowning. She felt her breath escape her as the imagines sped up, and she was unable to catch it back. Each time she thought she would, she saw bloody bodies, and though she couldn't make out faces, she told herself that it was Barnes, her father, and everyone else she cared for. Even after everything, she kept telling herself it was her fault.
Gabe let out a laugh. "We have to be careful. We have a mission tomorrow, which means we can't drink too much."
When Steve first met Toni (excluding the time traveling), he wasn't allowed anywhere hear the lab, not trusting him in her safe haven. As time went on and with baby steps, he was slowly allowed into her lab for a growing amount of time, and though they didn't speak much in the lab, he had never felt closer to the brunette. Watching her work, he learned who she was, understanding the kind of person she was. Even if she wore a mask most of the time, he could see how much she cared, how much she was willing to risk to help others. He saw how much she worried about the world around her. How could he not fall for a woman, who was so selfless?
He looked back toward her. "With Thor's help, he should be able to transport an illusion to Stark using the Bifrost." He could tell she wasn't too sure of the plan.
Barnes sighed as he put the gun away and offered his hand to Toni. "I would never. You're too spunky for that." She glared at his extended hand. "There's nothing wrong with accepting a helping hand." He let out another chuckle at his pun.
Her father kneed in front of her again. "Are you okay?" he asked, ignoring her question. "You don't look well." He reached a hand to her, trying to check her temperature, but she slapped his arm away. "Toni."
Rogers was wearing a long sleeve dress shirt, which didn't seem to provide him with any warmth. "I'm not going to let a lady freeze." He smiled his innocent cute smile. "And we almost at my apartment. I'm fine."
Toni Stark, refusing to be known as anything else, made her way to the Science Station so she could go back to being herself, back to the future. She didn't belong here, where she felt like a fool and a pretender. She wanted to be herself, where she could be an asshole and not have to worry about anyone else but herself.
Both of them looked at her, as if they couldn't believe she was playing this game; however, it was Steve who spoke, "You're pregnant, Toni."
"What power does that bitch have over you?" Rollins asked, eyeing the assassin. "We should have killed her."
"Let it go," he stated, getting to his knees next to the sleeping Toni. He picked her up and held her close to his body. There was a chill in her body, which he didn't like. "One of these days, you're going to get yourself killed by taking on someone too big."
Toni smiled. "Oh, so much work." Before she knew it, she was pinned to the wall while laughing her ass off. Steve, the Strong, Loyal, Serious Captain America, was tickling her, and it didn't seem like he had any interest in stopping. "I-if I…pee m-my pa-nts, I-m kic-king y-your…ass," she said, struggling to get it out of his hands.
Her face turned bright red. "N-No…You know… Urgh." She paused for a few seconds. "…Yes, I like Steve."
He tried to fight the images of her naked out of his mind, but it was failing. He also couldn't keep the blush from his cheeks either. He really was screwed, wasn't he?
Her eye twitched, but she couldn't throw the wrench at him. Phillips wouldn't like that, and she couldn't make him mad again. She had already gotten him angry. "Where's my device?" she asked, changing the subject. The wretch was still dangling from her hand.
Clint turned quickly and glared at her. "I have already, and I think Director Fury is an idiot. And don't try to make me see reason, because of right now, one of our teammate is in danger because of him. If anyone happens to Toni because of Fury, I will never return to SHIELD," he snapped, turning away. "And then he can really count me of an enemy, as I will be coming for him." He tightened his grip on the metal suitcase.
Tony finches slightly at hearing the voice at the door. With a deep breath, he turns to the door and eyes James Freaking Barnes, leaning against the door frame. His jaw locks in place as he looks over the former assassin. If anyone says Barnes isn't one of the hottest people on the planet, he or she is fooling themselves. In his dark jeans and navy suit jacket (over a skin tight shirt), Tony isn't afraid—though not aloud. Never aloud—to say it… Just to himself. "Geez, Barnes, you look like shit. Just saying."
Steve exhaled as he stared at the center fold of the magazine. The picture was of Toni, but she wasn't in one of her suits; instead, she was in a simple pink bikini that left nothing to the imagination, even the arc reactor was visible. Her pose was seductive; Toni was laid out on a white chaise lounge (Steve was surprise he knew what that was called). One arm was draped across her stomach, while the other one laid above her head. One leg was out stretched while the other one was bend up. She had a look in her eyes that could draw anyone in, including Captain America.
"Not the time," he muttered to himself, as he followed the tracks. Clint wasn't the best tracker—that title went to Nat-, but he followed these tracks like he was reading a map. Toni, clearly sporting an injury, took off into the woods as fast as she could with a heavy limp. Her footprints were anything but graceful; there was no doubt that she had fallen a few times, landing hard. Her pursuer had no such issue and followed her like he was taking a walk in the park. Though it was hard to tell from the tracks, the- Okay, Barton didn't know what to call him as he refused to call him an agent- faker had caught up with Toni easily and played with her like a cat toy. The Archer could tell this due to how the footprint changed after a few yards. At times, the man had walked sideways and walked cycles around her, which struck Clint as odd. Why in the hell would the man play with her? She was a hostage that caused an accident and took off. If they wanted Stark, why not just take her? This did not make any sense, unless... they were trying to break her.
It didn't take long to arrive at the tent, and it only took a few seconds for the two soldier stationed there to notice her. At the sight of her, one got up and handled her a clip board for the inventory, which infuriated her as they always expected her to do it, before he left. It was like they couldn't count or something, granted she could calculate the number of rounds faster than they could. "You guys so need to go back to elementary school," she stated as she took a seat in front of the many boxes.
Reaching for Steve, Toni stepped forward and placed a hand on his biceps as if to tell him to stand down. If it was just Rhodes and Pepper, she could handle them. "It's fine, Steve."
"Yep. It seems like my grandfather knows everyone. Iron Man. Captain America." Trip smiled. "So grandpa, are you going to introduce me to the Dallas Cheerleaders now?"
Toni could almost feel a weight lifted off her chest as she stared at her device. It was an amazing feeling to know that she would be home soon, and she couldn't wait to take a nice long warm shower in her full body wash. She also couldn't wait for some actual food and not this military crap that they were trying to pass as food. However, she had to remind herself that she mustn't get her hopes up. This could still blow up in her face or she would end up somewhere she didn't want to be.
"You would say that!" Sharon laughed as she directed the Toni into her apartment. "After you, then. I wouldn't want your fiancé to think I left you on the floor." Before she joined Toni or before Toni could say a word, Sharon crossed to Steve's apartment and closed the door, though not before taking a long suspicious look inside. There was a puzzled look on the woman's face, but she didn't say another word as she walked back to her apartment.
Shaking her head, she started her long walk to the apartment, and she almost jumped five feet in the air when she noticed someone leaning against a building. She couldn't see his face as it was covered in shadows and Toni readied herself to reach in her bag for the hammer in case she needed to bang someone's face in. "Who's there?" she asked, trying to hide her nerviness.
I have no words. I have been working on this chapter for months... Yes, Say it with me. Months. I have spent countless nights on this one chapter. So it goes without saying that I'm not completely happy with this chapter. However, I wanted to get this chapter out- had tried to get this out a few days but system issues.
It seemed like it was Colonel's mission in life to piss her the hell off. "Why would Barnes tell you shit?" Granted he was really just a stranger to her, she couldn't take it if he was one of Salty's man.
He smiled at her with an annoying grin. "We meet again." Toni raised her eyebrow. "I guess… the first time didn't count as you were unconscious."
Letting out a sigh, Toni reached for the phone. She ignored the quiver in her hand as she recognized the photo. It was taken recently at that small café Steve brought her to moments after she had pressed herself into his side. Toni could identify the 'look' in her eyes, as she glanced up at Steve. Her heart pounded in her chest, as something clicked in her head. She had seen that 'look' before in other people. She remembered dreaming about that 'look' when she was younger. Before she became jagged, she had dreamed of finding that.
It all was because of that dark hair Brunette. Right now, he wanted to be in Florida, wanted to be in Florida with that
"Why would I believe you?" he hissed as he ripped up the card. "And why don't you just shut up? I had enough of your lies" Letting the pieces fall to the ground, he pulled out a knife from his belt. It was a long skinning combat knife with a blade perfect for cutting the muscle from the bone. With a cruel smile, his expression turned deadly, as he started to play with the blade between his fingers.
"Not long," he said making his way over to Steve. "I think I might make me a sandwich as well." The meat, lettuce, bread, and tomatoes were still on the counter.
"I thought you…were…someone…else." She said slowly. She didn't want to admit that she was afraid and that someone was stalking her.
Toni tiled her head slightly to watch him as he traced the bruise with his fingers. She could see the worried look on his face as he tried to hide his anger. "Training," she answered softly. "Romanoff kicked my ass."
Tony groans loudly, cutting off the AI, as U places a shady looking smoothie in front of him. "So let me put everything in prospective: one crazy robot, who thinks he's a guard dog, and another insane bot, trying to kill me with poisoned smoothies," he says, slowly, as he rubs his chin. Just when he doesn't think anything can get worse, it does.
After reading through the file, she sat completely still. She knew Rogers blamed himself for Bucky's death but, according to the files, it wasn't. Bucky was doing what he was trained to and it wasn't anyone's fault but that HYDRA's soldier who fired at Barnes who was foolish enough to block using Rogers' shield. She knew Rogers felt guilty because he felt that he could've done better to save Barnes' life. Toni didn't blame him for it at all.
"Whatever you say," Steve said, chuckling. Here he was only in his shorts and she was complaining about his socks.
sweet." He paused for a second as if he had a tooth ache. "By the way, Marvin Gaye, 1972, 'Trouble Man' soundtrack. Everything you've missed jammed into one album."
Toni didn't respond as she was too busy trying to keep up with him. He was dragging her faster than she could keep up with, and she kept tripping over her own feet. He didn't say anything but she did catch him looking at her from the corner of his eyes and she could have sworn that he was laughing at her.
It was during this yelling match with every eye on Steve that Toni disappeared. She could lie and say that she couldn't handle the yelling, but that wasn't the case. Growing up a Stark, she had gotten use to yelling echoing the halls of wherever she was; the real reason was that there were so many things Toni didn't want to tell Fury. There were things that she wanted to keep to herself, things that she would rather forget. One, the knowledge that her Father knew of his death, because she couldn't deal with that. It just
Toni watched them leave, not knowing if she would see Barnes again before he died. She felt a rush of guilty and she felt sick to her stomach.
Before Toni could respond, the door to the hotel room jolted open, startling her, and before she could react or speak, two elderly men walked in. "Watch it, Trip. She's the Cap's girl," one of the older man replied.
After a few seconds, Toni broke the kiss and pulled back slightly. His kiss was able to wipe her mind completely, and she couldn't help the smile that formed on her face, never thinking that Rogers would be this touchy. Seriously, who would've thought? "Geez, Rogers. Never knew you had it."
Phillips wondered why he was showing Rogers this folder as it would just make him want to go more. Maybe, that was what Phillips was trying to do, though he wasn't sure why he was doing that. He just couldn't help but think this was Toni's plan to begin with. "I just thought you would like to know. I thought someone would want to know," he answered as he glanced to the letter on the typewriter. "I'm not sure who I should address her letter to. She doesn't seem to have anyone."
your daughter." She snapped. She had no idea of what to say or how to deny it. "I think Rogers' death had shot you over the edge." Toni shoved Howard's hand off her and pushed away from him. "You're wrong. I'm not from the future," she replied harshly.
It made Toni feel somewhat salty, but she didn't say sorry, like she never did. She wasn't really sorry for anything, well besides leaving the shrimp Rogers without a good bye. She glanced up at Phillip saying something to Peggy, who nodded and stepped away. Toni knew what this meant. He wanted to talk. "What, Salty?" she asked softly, as he wouldn't want to hear them.
She shook her head as she didn't believe him. He was up to something. "I'm fine," she snapped. "What do you want?"
Once on the other side of the fence, Toni laid flat on the ground, trying to make herself as small as possible. A guard, that she was expecting, stepped a few feet from her. The guard, who was heavy armed, looked around, and after a few seconds, he walked away. Toni waited a few more seconds to make sure that he was gone before she pushed herself off the ground. It was then that she proceeded to quietly freak out.
"You just want to use it for your military, which I will not condone. I do not create weapons," Toni stated. She was retired from the weapons business and she refused to return, even if the unnamed device could be used as a weapon (if it worked like it was supposed to) and she upgraded/designed better weapons for the Avengers. She would not create massive weapons anymore; Stark Industries was no longer making weapons. Howard Stark be damned.
He smirked as he turned and stepped back to her. "Quiet now?" he chuckled. "And here I want you to open your mouth."
, and there wasn't anyone who could beat her on her best day, well besides herself. She could destroy herself in seconds, she was doing lately. "No, she isn't dead, and I'm not giving up on her."
she yelled at herself. Sure, you couldn't trust a spy with the truth, but to assume the worse? SHIELD was supposed to protect people. "Why don't you pull over for a second? I want to call Steve."
So the only thing in her mind that she could do was call her secure servers, which was the only thing Toni trusted right now. She just hoped Steve was smart enough to look there, though knowing him it was a long shot. However, she waited nonetheless until she heard the beep, and as she waited, her heart raced, almost popping out of her chest at points. Until the call connected, everything inside of her was telling her it wasn't going to, and she was close to falling apart. And when she heard: "Now transferring to all known receivers," she relaxed, though it wasn't for long.
"You don't have to," she objected. "You were having fun." She didn't want to take him away when he was having fun, enjoying himself. She also didn't need an escort even if it made her feel better.
"And what about the Red Skull? He wants her alive," the stalker said, trying to reason with her. Toni glanced toward her stalker, realizing that he was a part of the third party that this freak commander was speaking about before, but it left her with questions.
"So how are Steve and Bucky doing up there? Cuddling fine without me, FRIDAY?" he asks, not really wanting to know the answer. They probably don't notice he isn't there. They probably don't care.
Phillips eyed the pill bottle that Toni had refused to touch. That told him a lot about the woman, who no one knew anything about. It showed that she didn't trust people, granted he understood her situation. He wouldn't trust anyone either if he was handcuffed to a table in a locked room, but there was something else there. He could see that in her eyes. He doubted she truly trusted anyone in her life, which stroked him as odd as even a spy needed trust. She must have seen or been through something in her life.
Oh, hell no, did he just say that?! Who the hell did this think this man was? Stepping away from the window, she turned to Fury and shoot him the dirtiest glare. She, not caring if Steve was staring at her, was going to kill Fury herself. "And you're just horrible. No wonder your wife left you."
She so did not like his tone. She didn't understand why he was acting like this; it wasn't just because he was Captain Ass. It was like he was really mad at her, which annoyed her. He needed to get over 'this' thing. "Fine," she stated as he walked away. She followed him of course.
"Does it matter? They won't want to eat you anyways," Clint replies. "You probably don't taste good."
"Then what?" He gazed over her face, stopping at the bruise. It was such an eye catching injury. "I don't have time to play games. Why did you leave?"
He gave her a look as he pushed himself up onto one knee. He stared into her eyes, just staring, as if he was trying to read her mind. "Tell me about your nightmares," he said, calmly. It sounded almost like an order, but it didn't have that edge that Captain America had when he gave orders.
Why couldn't this kid just shut up? Did he not understand that she needed him to shut up? Why did he have to keep going on? "No," she replied, quickly. She couldn't have PTSD. She wasn't a soldier. She was an engineer, a mechanic. She didn't get PTSD. Starks didn't get PTSD, though it made sense…NO! She didn't have it, though she did wake in a cold sweat almost every night and saw blood every time she closed her eyes.
Howard seemed almost shocked that she agreed to go with him. "Good," he said, picking up a coat from the table and crossing to her. "Put this on." He held it out to her.
And second, Look only 15 days to update this! I was in a writing mood lately. :) So you don't have to wait so ling.
That name was familiar to her. They were with the Howling Commandos, which meant that Barnes and Rogers were back. That also meant that she wouldn't be bored anymore, though Salty would rather she be bored. "And you're okay with people calling you Dum Dum?" She asked eyeing him. She would not be okay if someone called her that. She might have to kill someone over that.
Twitching in pain, Toni struggled in her restraints again, as she tried to pull her hair away from the crazy bitch. It wasn't until a few seconds later that the commander let go, and Toni let out the breath she was holding. After a deep breath, she turned to the Captain. She couldn't let this happen to Rogers… No, she couldn't let anything happen to Steve, her shrimp even if he wasn't her shrimp anymore. This was all her fault, and she couldn't let him die for her, but what could she do? She was tied to a chair, but she had her brain which was all she needed.
"But I might hurt you." It was raw as it came out. Toni wasn't afraid of him hurting her. She was afraid of hurting him.
"Okay over there, Cap?" Clint asked from the pilot seat. His eyes were focused forward, but his attention was on Rogers.
Toni's eyes go large, noticing Steve and Sam looking at her with a certain look. "Steve." When did Sam get this close?
to. He probably knew first-hand what she was going through. He probably spent many nights unable to sleep…like she did. If he was, he was doing a better job of hiding it.
Why did everyone have to bring it up? Maybe, he asked too soon. Okay, yes. He did, and maybe, he was an idiot. "I don't know what you're talking about?"
Toni wasn't sure what to make of Rogers and his outburst, but she didn't care for it. However, after taking a deep breath to calm down and think, she knew where he was coming from and she felt ashamed. She was never any good with understanding how to deal with her emotions or how to act. Was it okay to laugh? Was it okay to talk about him?
"Wait, what does Trip do? Maybe, he could take Rogers." Jones and Dugan gave her a look. "Geez, can none of you take a joke?" she said, letting out a sigh.
"And I know she'll go for it. I can see it in her eyes," Phillips started. "Once she's caught, she won't be able to talk her way out of it."
The music stopped, but it didn't remain silent. An earsplitting alarm sounded through the whole tower. Blinking yellow lights, which came out of nowhere, lit up the whole room.
Now, that surprised Toni, as he and her fathers were friends. Howard couldn't stop talking about the famous Captain America and how he had stopped the war. Don't get her wrong, he was impressive, and she was a fan girl of him when she was younger, but she was sick of hearing about it all of the time. I thought he knew. She would have thought that Rogers would have wanted to know what happened to his friends. Maybe, their lives after him weren't important to Rogers. Maybe, he was the selfish one.
Upon hearing him, Barnes went for the Private again, but Toni wouldn't let him. She pushed the Private, who was very unstable on his feet, back and stepped toward Barnes, putting her arms up to block him. "Barnes, stop. I don't need you to defend my honor," she snapped. "Now calm down."
Toni's eyes widened as she never expected him to be in the robotic lab. He was not an engineer in any sense of the word, and there were other labs that he would've liked better. "Good, I need to see him."
The four walked in and each one of their hearts stopped at the sight of the lab. There in the middle of the lab, where Toni's desk was supposed to be, was a big hole in the floor in a perfect circle. Nothing else in the lab was disturbed, and it wasn't for the big hole in the ground, no one would ever know something was wrong.
With a heavy heart, Steve released her and allowed her to slip out of his arms. He kept his eyes on her, unsure of what to do or say. Did he let her run again? He wasn't sure he could handle that, granted he doubted Natasha would let her get to far from them. "Toni, talk to me."
…No, that wasn't wrong. He was sure one thing: he was a weapon, a tool. He was a killing machine. Nothing less, nothing more.
