“Is that a raw chicken on your chair?” He asks. Which… is very different from anything Castiel might have expected, but he follows Dean’s line of sight to see Tybalt curled up in his favorite armchair.
“You… smelled me?”
It’s the first time Dean has given up a long-sleeved layer. There are scars on his arms, some in shades of red, others silvery-pale. Where the freckles stop just past his wrist, the scars start to appear, and there’s an ache at the sight of them, but it’s tempered by the knowledge that Dean no longer feels the need to swelter through August keeping them hidden under layers of flannel. That they’ve healed this much.
takes a lot of pressure off of Cas in theory, when it comes to farm work, but they’re both going to need to step back, and once the babies actually come, they’ll have their hands full… He supposes they could open it up as a work opportunity for others in Dean’s former position-- anyone looking to do a little work and get paid, in a safe environment where the only alphas present are ones willing to offer comfort and safety. It wouldn’t be a bad plan, he does think it would make Gabriel happy to be able to give that to anyone else he might take under his wing at the center. It just won’t be the same for him, now that Dean’s spoiled him for anyone else.
“Your place.” Dean squeezes them both, butting his head gently into Sam’s, before he pushes him away so that he can kiss Cas on the cheek. “Sam’ll be right next door. We could have dinner together any night we want…”
“Told you?”
“Try part of the course. I mean… I figure, no way in hell I could do the whole thing, but I could do some of it, right? So… you show me the parts you can still do, and I’ll give it a shot.”
And then boy howdy, but if Heaven is anything other than reliving this kiss for eternity, he doesn’t want any part of it.
of the world to save.”
Dean’s really focused on not giggling. He’s never been with someone who could just… pick him up and hold him-- carry him, even, as Cas seems determined to do-- and combined with all the heavy emotions and the sudden sharp relief, he’s a little giddy.
He wants to turn to him, or reach out to him, but he’s pretty sure that the whole reason Dean chose the truck to spill his guts in is that Cas has one hand on the wheel, one holding his burrito, and both eyes on the road.
“Did you ever think life could be like this? Happy?” Dean asks, from where he’s cuddled down against Cas’ shoulder.
Morning breaks, plans are made and argued, and the nature of Cas' current state is examined.
“Is that more pleasurable?” Cas asks, as the chick in the porno goes to fucking
Like, for not being a mouth-on-mouth thing, it’s kind of sexy. He still doesn’t think that’s the intent behind it, but it helps take his mind off his dreams.
“Tell me about what you got.”
“Do you want to talk?” Sam finally asks. They’ve been sitting alone in silence… Dean doesn’t know how long.
“... What?”
Is that love?
“Cas is
Dean gives Jack a few movies to choose between, as they get settled in. The Dean-cave has changed, in the years they’ve made the bunker home-- become more of a family den, with the addition of Jack to their lives, the two recliners swapped out for a couch, a couple plush ottomans. It’s not the retreat of manly relaxation he’d once envisioned… but aside from the lack of a beautiful ultra-hi-def TV, the things that aren’t as he once envisioned are better. And if he’s honest, the old clunker they have now is just fine for watching movies made before ultra-hi-def was a thing.
, did you know who I was? When I came in, did you know who I was?”
“So are you. So am I. So is Jack. We’re all just normal humans now, but if we can’t do this, then what’s the point? What are we living for if we can’t pull off one last win?”
They’ll have to work something out with someone, if Dean means to break into a new career now-- having Gabriel and Rowena right
“Hey… Cas?”
“Okay. Look… look, why don’t you get some rest now, and… and I’ll think about the next step, and we’ll talk after you’ve had a little time.”
Cas lets out a breath, sinking into his chair, still trying to work out why he’d felt so tense, trying to chalk it up to the fact that Dean had already suffered one small upset, making meeting another new alpha more of a challenge. It’s the only thing that makes sense, but something about the explanation falls flat.
“Billie.” Dean jumps in. “I already struck the killing blow, so she gave up and told us. Course, she planned on taking us with her. Didn’t work out that way.”
“Then I have just the strapping young lad for you.”
“But he did love you.” Sam says, like it’s fucking normal, like it doesn’t surprise him for a second. Maybe it’s not-- maybe Sam’s thinking he just means the way he and Dean love each other, or the way Cas loves anything, or… or anything other than what Dean knows is true and can’t bear to think this much about.
After they finish in the garden, they have lunch, and Gabriel doesn’t push the conversation back into difficult territory throughout the rest of the visit. He doesn’t even bring up the center until he’s heading for the door.
“Mm-hm, but I’m
“Yes.”
“Hm?”
“Do you think you’d like more apple trees?” Rowena asks, as they pack back up at the end of Monday’s market.
“When I went in your room. It was like… like being out in a rainstorm, but sweet. And, um… I dunno, it kinda hit me, man. That, you know, maybe… maybe it would be okay.”
“We could even get another chair.” Cas adds drily, though the idea of Dean becoming a regular part of his Mondays is sweet and bubbly.
“What makes you think you’re going to?”
. “Dean… I want to be close to you… I want us to be comfortable if I hold you all night, I want you to be the last thing I see, and hear, and smell, every night. I… I know there are a lot of parts we’ll need to figure out. There are stories I want to be able to tell you, about my own past, and there are questions I still have about what my ‘normal’ is, and… I think those are things we can’t do all at once, it would be too much. But… for as long as we’ve known each other, we’ve learned how to trust each other with pieces of ourselves… I adore you. I want… I just want to make you happy.”
“About training or just life in general?” He turns, though not enough to actually see Cas, raising an eyebrow. “Tired. Tired on both counts.”
“Yeah, sweet dreams.”
They also get to do a little more than just talk.
“Oh, it’s a pretty big deal.” Donna argues, slicing up the pie. “So far, Bal and Jody’re the closest to matching it, but
On Saturday, Dean walks Cas through making a couple of ham-cheese-and-spinach omelettes that don’t end in disaster, and they eat them out on the porch while watching the birds and the bees.
“Nice.” He withdraws his hand, leaning in to kiss Cas’ cheek, his jaw, his chin. Soft and chaste and loving, giving Cas the option to come in for a little lips-on-lips action if he’s up for it, or to wait a minute first if it might be too much. He’s into kissing, but Dean still tries to be aware of his limits when things get hot and heavy.
“I want good things for you, too. Picket fence things, or… something close to it. We’re gonna get her back, we’re gonna figure it out. It’s gonna be you and me, though. Whatever you need me to do, I will do it, but Cas stays here. Maybe Jack can… look out for him. Maybe if we die trying, they can look out for each other. In an empty world… forever… Nah, we gotta fix this.”
“He’s very into it, yes. He’s fine, he just likes the smell, he won’t do anything.”
“Because.” Another raised brow. “Your brother knows what you’re like-- and he knows you know what he’s like. Would you have listened, if he’d offered to send a pretty young omega lad ‘round to your place to do some work?”
Dean takes a deep, shaky breath. “It took him… it took him because of
“Yeah.” Sam confirms. “You and I have to draw him out, offer him what he wants and draw out the bargaining to keep him distracted… and then Cas takes him out when he’s focused on us.”
“Yes, absolutely.”
. I measured you against heaven and made my choice. I think it possible we have both set the bar rather high. But… I believe we will be good.”
“That was unexpectedly rapid. Humans don’t normally heal over cuts so quickly.” It’s almost a question, despite all his experience with humans and as one.
want to seen as anything but an omega. The journey towards personal healing is one thing-- being perceived by strangers out in public is something else.
Cas kisses him nice and deep, ‘til it makes his toes curl, and he only pulls away so that he can start peeling clothes off. To the waist for now, like they’re used to, but with Dean’s encouragement, he lets his kisses spread a little further down, peppering Dean’s chest.
, he thinks, ruined beyond repair by what was done to him or just born without the right instincts in place.
“Right. No-- sorry, right. Um… It looked like maybe…”
“I don’t want to intrude…” He frowns, peering past Dean’s shoulder.
“I thought you were dead.” Sam’s close on his heels and in full lecture mode, and he really doesn’t appreciate the hollow, aching laugh those words inspire. “Oh, you think that’s funny? Everyone else, everyone else disintegrated, and you can’t pick up the phone, what am I supposed to think? It’s just me and Jack and I couldn’t reach you, do you know how worried I was? I thought you were dead.”
“Yeah. Yeah, you’re right. I’d never forgive myself if I just… if I let him think I was dead just ‘cause I punked out like a little bitch. Or if I let him think it’s that I don’t want to see him.”
Gabriel raises an eyebrow at him, and steals one of the honey lollipops from its display.
“Sammy?” Dean’s voice cracks. He slides out of his seat, comes to kneel beside Cas, one hand gripping the leg of his slacks tight. “My Sam, he’s here? He… he’s a lawyer? He found you, he came here? What-- what is he like?”
“Yeah. Yeah, I guess. You wanna watch Tales From the Hive again after a couple bloody ones? Wind down with something not so scary?” He smiles.
“You’re not in any shape to--”
“Yeah.” Garth smiles at him, nodding a little. “They work, even if it might not look exactly traditional. There are a lot of ways to protect someone. You’re used to being one kind of protector, but you said yourself, you don’t want to be in the kind of position your last raid put you in-- finding other ways of feeding that inner alpha’s need to protect is going to be real good for you. I know right now you don’t have all that figured out, but we can work on it together. And I bet you could think of something. Something you already do that makes the people in  your life-- not just omegas-- feel safe and protected. That’s homework, okay? You don’t have to have an answer right now, but the next time we talk, I really hope you’ll be able to bring me a list of the ways you’re a good alpha.”
“Let’s try not to get him disbarred, though.”
“I hear that.” Dean snorts. “Dunno where I’d be… it’s… yeah. Ain’t a whole lot of options for guys like me. But I’ll figure it out, I mean, she’s doing me a real solid and once I’m, once I’ve got that GED under my belt, I’ll figure it out. I’ll find something and… I’ll work it out.”
“I’ll take Jack. We’ll… we’ll make some soup, or something.” Sam says, though they don’t leave without handing Dean the towels, one wetted through with the hot water.
“That’s all I want, you know? It’s always been-- and I never should have made you go. I never should have… when you’re all I want. I just never thought… you know? I just never thought.”
“And what if I don’t? Deserve?” He stops, flagging. Cas might be a hell of a turn-on, but this… trying to assess his
Dean complies, lifts his hips so that Cas can roll his panties down to bunch around his thighs and keep them together. Closes his eyes and feels the soft kiss of feathers just brushing against reddened skin, and then the literal kisses from Cas’ lips, as he works over every inch of that handprint, slow and sweet.
“Hey, man, I get that. Ugh… sorry, it’s weird that I just called you ‘man’ in the middle of making out, isn’t it? I just mean, you know… who needs a preference? Guys can be hot, girls can be hot… cosmic entities who don’t have a human sense for gender can be hot.”
“Cas, I--”
He doesn’t hear Dean’s response, beyond a soft and anxious mumble. Too much choice? He pours them each a glass of lemonade, going by the earlier ‘whatever you’re having’, and pours some potato chips out onto each plate. Dean finally snaps out of the moment he’d been having when Castiel starts bringing things to the table, hurrying to help him, and once Castiel sits, Dean does as well.
“I’m afraid I can’t do that.”
All Dean can say for sure is that he needs him, that he doesn’t know how to carry on without him. There’s a profound emptiness at the idea of Cas so fully beyond his reach, a hurt he knows is going to keep hurting as long as he lives, which is at least probably not that long, the way things are going. What’s left to save in the world, if they could? He wants to be there for Sam, or he recognizes that that’s something he would want, but Cas has hollowed him out with goodbye.
“Yes, Rowena had me practice her crust last night to make mince pastries.”
“You can stay anywhere you feel comfortable.” Cas promises, heart soaring at the thought of providing that kind of sense of security-- and at the way Dean ducks down to kiss his chin before nuzzling down into his neck. Maybe he could see fit to not block his scent when he isn’t going into the center, if it makes Dean feel safer rather than less so…
“He took a hit for you, it’s not the same--”
And he’ll stay an unmated alpha, perhaps forever, because there’s an omega out there for him, but… well, who wants a crippled alpha? And that’s increasingly his life, no point pretending it isn’t.
“Good. Donna talked about being the only omega who works with the strike team, and how the kind of ‘detective team’ that tracks cases of omegas who go missing, you know, that a lot of that work is omegas helping omegas. Plus the doc talked about going to med school as an omega, and balancing that with having a family. There’s a table with pamphlets and shit, you know. Places that have learn-on-the-job programs for omegas needing a new start. Stuff like that. Garth loves pamphlets. Almost as much as he loves puppets.”
“Yes.” He wipes gently at Dean’s tears, feels a couple of his own slip free. Finds himself grinning when Dean reaches up to return the favor. “I never dared hope, that I could find my way back to you. Even with the chaos in the Empty, I… Oh,
“The way you like it?”
loved
He’s just sorry Dean didn’t have anyone to do the same for him, back when it might have made all the difference.
And what do they do when he does? He’s still working on convincing himself there’s even a point, and the best he can come up with now is that he’d be throwing Cas’ life away twice if he didn’t try something. But what? He doesn’t have a whole lot of fight left in him… he doesn’t know how he’s still living.
Before Jack. What Cas was saying, that knowing Dean taught him to love the world, humanity, other people… he had to have had those feelings before Jack. Which means he knew he loved Dean before he made that deal for Jack’s life. And he just… he just took it for granted that Dean wouldn’t want him the same way, that he wouldn’t really be happy, so he made it? So he said okay, because he thought happiness was out of his grasp? He thought the love he had, friendship and brotherhood and becoming an adopted dad, that as good as that was, he would never get the last little piece of the puzzle that would make him truly happy?
Sam hauls him off the floor without a word, and walks him to his room, doesn’t say a thing even as he brings Dean to the bed where Cas is laid out.
“Okay, okay, hang on.” Sam drops his phone into his pocket on his way to the door, a little cautious after the last time, but… Jack put everything else right, and even before then, Lucifer got out of the Empty. Of course, if Lucifer got out of the Empty once… But Jack’s basically God now, and why wouldn’t he save his preferred father figure?
Cas laughs weakly, and kisses Dean’s neck, chaste but fervent, one arm around him, his other hand stroking Tybalt’s side until he settles.
Dean spreads his legs once he’s naked, moves Cas’ hands to his thighs to help keep him spread.
“Shh…” And Cas kisses his cheeks again, kisses away fresh tears. Any other time those might have embarrassed him, but the two of them are really past that, now, aren’t they? “
“If you think your scars could change how pretty a picture you are, you are sorely mistaken.” Cas tells him, with the serious little frown that furrows a line between his eyebrows. “You look good, Dean.”
“And he’ll learn he can’t just have two pieces if he ‘accidentally’ gets something I hate. Clever.”
There’s not enough time in the world-- definitely literally now-- for Dean to move past this, but he nods and waves Sam off, because he hasn’t got the strength to do anything else, he hasn’t got it in him to move, and he just wants to cry alone. He can’t hold it off any longer, the terrible understanding of all that he’s lost, and he doesn’t want to do this in front of Sam. There’s something almost physically painful in crying in front of someone, and it’s not always unbearable, if that someone is Sam. There are pains and griefs he could let his brother carry him through. This isn’t one of them.
banner is hanging correctly. “Jody brought him over a couple days ago, yeah?”
They head for his room, his hand at the small of Cas’ back for most of the walk
“Still don’t know what I’m gonna
At long last, the slow burn comes to an end, but Cas and Dean have a bright future to look forward to together.
“You can’t understand. He’s gone, okay, and if it wasn’t for me, he wouldn’t be.”
“Good. You seen any more movies?”
“Okay.”
“Cas actually… believed I was worth something. And now…”
“Of course.”
He has his own card now, on the pack’s shared account-- instead of drawing a paycheck from Cas, he does his share of work at home, and now with the center, and if he wants to do a grocery run or buy himself clothes, or if he wants to go down to the record store with Gabe after a driving lesson, well… he puts in and he’s allowed to take out. So he’s got pajama pants with little hot dogs on them, and fun socks, and band tees, though he’s kept all the stuff Jody once picked out, too, all the stuff that fits after putting on weight and muscle.
Dean casts an anxious look over to Sam and Jack, and realizes he’s cupping Cas’ face in his hand, Cas holding his wrist, and there are only so many ways to explain any of this.
Tybalt meows again, one arm stretching out to pap gently at his cheek twice.
He almost blows his wad right there.
“Alistair.” Castiel growls. “I swear, if I were still in the field, if I got my hands on that sick bastard…”
“This is real food, Dean.” Sam and Cas say in unison, in the same flatly unamused but helplessly fond tone. Their eyes meet across the table for an awkward beat, before they go back to eating.
“I don’t wanna stop.” Dean sighs, pulling Cas in tight.
“This is really great, thanks.” He mumbles.
“You’re bringing your wee friend along, then?” Rowena coos, pausing in the truck-loading efforts to scratch behind his ears. “Oh, let us take him.”
“Peace. You deserve that. I should like to experience it with you.”
“You’re your own man, Cas. I’m just glad to be a part of that.”
“Okay. Okay, cool.” Dean says, rolls over with his back to Cas and waits for the feel of an arm around him. He’s not sure it is cool, really, isn’t sure he can relax without holding onto Cas, without being able to turn on a light and see him and know he’s back, but then he feels the full length of Cas’ body settle against his back, feels the softest brush of lips against the back of his neck, a little rasp of a stubbly chin, warm breath stirring his hair as Cas nuzzles the back of his head, and the firmness of that arm wrapped around him, that hand spread over his heart, and he relaxes.
“No, c’mon. It’s my turn to. Besides… you know what I’m like. If we need to kick into high gear first thing in the morning, I’m…”
Cas shakes his head. “Is it good?”
“Fair enough.” He levers himself up out of his chair, grinning over at Cas. “Sense of smell’s getting real sensitive, I do have to clear out when she works her magic.”
“Uh-huh.” He steals a glance, chokes a little on nothing at all seeing how
, Sam--”
“I… helped. Summon it. Maybe I couldn’t have stopped him, maybe it would’ve been enough, but I don’t know that. I just know…”
Dean turns his back on Sam, arms crossed tight across his chest, and leans against the table rather than picking his chair back up. Cas pulls his own chair over, sits with his legs bracketing Dean’s. He places his hands on Dean’s thighs, just above the knee, his thumbs moving in slow, calming sweeps.
“I am not familiar with human sexual desire. Though I take it my earthly form is adequate to the task. I have no more understanding than I did when I began my research, but I am experiencing an involuntary response. It… seems to be not unlike the pizza man.” Instead of turning the porno off, Cas indicates the guy’s cock, like he traces a circle around it on the screen with one finger, and this is not what Dean needed.
“Thank you.” Cas whispers, resting his hand against Dean’s brow, feeling the furrow relax.
“Across the way over there is one of Rowena’s favorite booths.” Cas points out the gem and mineral booth. “There’s one she and Gabriel both like, towards the back, fudge and shortbread. The artisanal butchery has a trailer back there as well, they’re the ones who sent the meat and eggs over.”
“Hey, uh… Shit, this is a bad time.”
“Tell me?” The muscles in his abdomen jerk and heave with the enormity of it, even when that light touch no longer raises goosebumps in its wake.
.” He admits. “I mean… you can always count on me to come help out. I figure if I get a job maybe I come over and just… you know, do some work as a friend, and then we watch a movie or something, and maybe it’ll have to be my day off and we change up our schedule, but… I really
And yet, for how different everything about their traumas was, he gets it. Cas was locked in a room where his body was no longer his own, and he was young and he was scared. Shit, he gets that.
“Dean…”
If he’s ever gone to pick out clothes of his own, his tastes fall in line with Jody’s, sturdy and practical. But the denim and flannel is familiar and it feels like Dean.
“Dean…”
“So that he can watch you die. Something I cannot allow.”
“I’m terribly sorry, I’m filling in for my brother.” He apologizes, when someone else is admitted and he doesn’t have a resume in front of him. “It looks like he didn’t get me your papers, but please have a seat, I’ll find them.”
“Your sweetie’s gonna be real impressed.” She promises, opening up the camera.
“Because you like slasher movies when you’ve had a hard day. And I admit, they do allow you to… turn off the part of your brain that thinks too much about everything. You just respond emotionally to danger you aren’t in. It’s a safe way of experiencing adrenaline, when you feel fatigued. And the familiarity and predictability is something you find comforting.”
“Young. Big.” He reaches out, preemptively wiping at Dean’s cheek with his thumb, just beneath where tears are still only threatening to fall. “Big enough you’d actually look like an omega next to him. Big enough I’d look like an omega next to him.”
And so he prods at the hurt of that loss, he digs two fingers into the open wound of Cas’ absence and asks himself what he would do, and what he could feel.
“I hope you find something.” Cas nods. A place that could be theirs… it could be a good investment, and they’d have the privacy that apartment living lacks, especially if they were in his area, where properties tend to be separated by swathes of land and curtains of trees. He might only have so much to call his own, but his neighbors to either side are set well away.
“You gave up… like, a
He could have loved him. He could have… he wouldn’t have accepted that about himself, when they met, but they’ve known each other eleven damn years and at some point… at some point before now, couldn’t he have?
“It’s a nice little set-up.” Gabriel promises Sam, over lunch in his and Rowena’s eat-in kitchen. “Safe, secure, he’ll have a bed and a bath and a TV, and if anything about it gets distressing, all he has to do is pick up the phone in the room, he’ll have a direct line to see his doctor or talk to his therapist. They’re gonna make sure he gets his meals, gonna make sure he gets all the clean sheets and towels he needs, it’s really going to be okay.”
“I grow herbs. I can usually smell them before I take a bite of something.”
And if he wanted more, could Dean give it?
“Pretty?” Cas whispers low.
“On your furniture?” Dean asks, wincing immediately. “Shit, I mean-- Yeah, of course, on the… Like on a chair, or in the kitchen or--?”
Cas never hears the end of whatever Dean’s begun saying-- someone bumps into the table, a couple of booths down, there’s the sound of breaking glass and a few surprised shouts, and the sour scent of beer and upset wafts over and Dean is balled up on the ground between their chairs.
The whole thing goes smoothly, from loading the truck to making the drive to setting up the stall. Dean is just as capable of taking direction without relying on too much managing as he is in the garden-- when it comes to getting the pergola set up, he doesn’t actually need much direction.
Not that he and Dean have discussed children, in so many words, but… well, they’ve both fallen captive to the charms of the pack’s newest additions, and they’ve both discovered that they enjoy the kinds of activities that could potentially lead to a child, if they wanted to try. Not all the time, they both have things that grind the party to a halt and times when they need something other than sex, but… well, it’s not off the table. If they need to keep the guest room open for Bobby’s visits, his home office could always be converted into a nursery, there’s nothing to keep him getting his work done at the table, or going in and using Gabriel’s office at the center even when Gabriel’s no longer on parental leave.
to know if it isn’t Jack, because that means it’s Chuck, which they are woefully unprepared to deal with.
“I’m glad. It’s… Thank you.”
“Yes.” He shrugs, his hand trailing down to Dean’s belly, then up-- across his chest, to his shoulder, it fits to his shoulder. He used to be branded there and he wants to be again. “Tell me about your day?”
, but uh… he ain’t the whole reason a broken beer bottle had me hitting the deck. I’ve been unpacking some shit lately. I’m not always gonna be-- it’s not gonna be close to the surface all the time, it’s just… Ten years of my life, I had a bad friggin’ hand getting my ass handed to me for the slightest thing, or for no thing at all except I was… I was the one it was okay to beat on. And during that time, I didn’t have to
He grabs a tray, used to the careful balance of transporting things on days he’s using the cane around the house. It had been frustrating once, but now he doesn’t think about it. He might not have company often, beyond Gabriel and Rowena-- who are both comfortable helping themselves-- but when he does, he likes to think he’s a good enough host.
“So this is your ride, huh?”
“Do you mean literally, or biblically?”
“What’s setting you off?”
He walks Cas to the kitchen, and they work around each other to make breakfast, because Dean’s pretty sure Sam hasn’t thought about breakfast and he wouldn’t be surprised if Jack hasn’t asked him about it. Before Sam can bitch at him again about how much time he’s taking, he shoves a plate at him, eggs and toast and bacon.
“Not exactly Patrick Swayze, I know.”
He looks up at Sam again, unable to work words around the feeling that floods him at that. Is Sam comparing them on purpose? Comparing whatever flirtation they have to the bond Dean and Cas share? It’s not right and it’s not fair, but hell if Dean knows what direction to tell him he’s wrong in. Because he and Cas aren’t-- he and Cas don’t-- They weren’t like Sam with Eileen. They never teetered on the brink of a romance. Did they? He can’t even begin to think about that part, of what Cas told him when he said goodbye, it’s too enormous and it hurts too much to take it apart without Cas
? Look, no tricks, no stabby-stabby, I’m here offering to kill my own brother, or-- or be killed, or whatever it is you
“Okay, look, Star Wars is… shit, no… Okay, next time I’m gonna bring over the original trilogy so you can borrow ‘em and watch ‘em.”
“Yeah, okay.”
“My previous experiences were… It took me some time to develop a sense for gender, in the human sense of it. I did not initially have a preference.”
“Love it.” Dean melts into his grip, the way he so often does, and Cas steers him to the bed and lays him out. “Love you.”
“Not at all.” Cas shakes his head, looking up to meet Dean’s eyes. “Dean… he’s Sam. Sam Winchester, and when he was twelve, he went to live with Bobby. And now he’s here.”
“Hey. Thanks, for showing.” He glances down at the shuffle of his own feet. “Didn’t know who else to ask, but um…”
“I get that.” Garth nods. “There are conversations that you can’t have with just anybody. There’s not one single ‘right’ way to embrace what being an alpha means for you. Some things are more or less universal, but even then, they can mean different things to different people. Let’s start back at the beginning-- I’m going to go out on a limb and say most of your family members wouldn’t categorize themselves as vicious sadists. Aside from Lucifer, they weren’t the type of alphas that you would have encountered in the line of duty?”
“It’s how we met.” He nods.
He’d thought the maintenance position was the last one, but apparently somewhere along the line, he didn’t receive all the paperwork.
His lips land on Cas’ neck when he leans over. He does sweat, but it doesn’t taste earthly. It tastes like a thunderstorm ready to break. It tastes like something sweeter than the Heaven he knows is out there waiting.
. You should let someone revere and adore you. In the way that you deserve…”
Dean.
“But you know.” Dean says, and Cas does. “You know what being a brother feels like. It means… throwing the Scrabble board. And it means doing anything to protect him, no matter who cheats at what games.”
take someone in if we needed to. Figured I’d let you know.”
“Yeah. Yeah, I’m sure it is. He’s just been… agitated, I guess. I can’t blame him. It’s not something we’ve really talked about, or… wanted to.”  Sam shrugs, wincing.
“My family believed there are two types of movies-- movies where God-fearing omegas learn to love a life of obediently rearing a dozen children for a properly authoritative alpha male, and movies that lead to moral decay.” He rolls his eyes. “I wish I was exaggerating.”
Okay, Dean has opinions about dicks, Dean has strong opinions about dicks. Dicks other than his own. Lots of them.
“Of course.” Cas’ smile widens, and his thumb sweeps in gentle arcs. “I bought a jar of honey. Sam picked out several vegetables. I got you some good pie apples. And we let Jack pick out some things he’ll want to show you… I bought some potted herbs I wanted to try growing in our kitchen, Sam promised to pick up a sun lamp for them while he and Jack are out… Just a couple, to see how they do. Basil and thyme. And I bought some candles, since we never know when we’ll need candles… and I bought you some fudge.”
“How?”
“I’ll give you some privacy-- let me grab your robe. And I’ll be right here when you want me.” He says, and then…
“Where’d he get money?”
He laughs weakly. “I do recall you describing him as… what was it, ‘a whole bag of dicks’? No, just… I’m very glad that I was able to find you when I did. I hate that I’m the only one who went after you… but I’m glad that he was thrown out, and I’m glad that… I’m glad we’re here.”
“Yes. Sort of. I watched Koyaanisqatsi yesterday.”
“We got the house. It backs onto yours, room to expand the farm. Close enough to be a proper pack. What do you think?”
“He’s nearly six and a half feet tall.”
“Logically, maybe. I mean… I know many alphas who would never hurt an omega, in their care or otherwise. But I don’t… I don’t know what an ‘inner alpha’ even means, I never had the chance to develop a healthy sense for it. I know what my family thinks, and I know that’s wrong, but… I don’t-- I’ve never had anyone to talk to about what… what’s healthy.”
Cas shrugs. He’s not sure if that’s embarrassing or not. “I had to pick something I could remember.”
“They just went in the ground. I’ll make sure you get your pick of the first harvest.” Cas smiles. “Anything in particular you would recommend this week?”
“You sure? He won’t hurt you?”
“Is this job a weekly thing?”
Cas knows a lot, more than anyone, but this… He’s working up to it. They’ve only been together a couple months, they’ve barely started talking about kink. Cas has been great about it, in the general sense, they’ve tested out a little, just playing with dominance and submission, no gear or anything, nothing super formal. He’s promised Dean could ask him for anything, and Dean thinks he really means it, it’s just…
, Dean.” The frustration’s back full force, he tugs at his hair and blows out a sigh. “You know, I just saw our friends disappear, I know how bad things look, but the two of us are the last ones in this fight and if there’s any chance of doing something about it, then it’s up to us. Isn’t that how it’s always been? Isn’t that how you’ve always sold it to me? The two of us, saving people?”
“You are my sun.”
“Yeah. Not since… well. You know. He’s gonna be thrilled. He’s gonna be thrilled to have you back.”
“Yeah, you’re a cat.” He must reach over to pet him, Cas can feel the way Tybalt shifts in response.
is prepared for any of this.”
“Other than the very reasonable things to be troubled by? Not much.”
“I will celebrate
He’s a little afraid to open his eyes again. Afraid something will be different, afraid nothing will be. Afraid he’s been a fool to hope, and who does he think he is spitting in the face of god anyway?
Dean manages to win-- for all his brother’s natural size and strength, he’s lived an academic life, and when it comes to the sprints, he runs like he’s pushing himself a little harder through a morning jog. Dean runs like it’s for his life. It’s the only kind of running he’s done… and he never used to get very far when he tried. Now, though, it can be something fun. Even if he doesn’t enjoy the activity of running, he enjoys crowing over his victory, and Sam looks thrilled to indulge him now that he has him back.
“Yeah. Getting out there and doing part of that obstacle course, and everything Donna’s said about what it’s like being an omega on the strike team… dunno. Makes me feel like maybe I could do it. Like I could go in and do for some other omega what you guys did for me. Protecting someone else let me start to feel like myself again after I thought that part of me was gone, and… and you guys make me feel like that’s my future. That’s what I’m supposed to be doing.”
it now.
“I feared for his
“Okay. Cool. Well… it matters to me that you’re you. All the stuff I could have liked or not liked, if my life was different… right now all that matters is, you’re a good guy. You take care of me, and… you let me take care of you. And you-- you are ridiculously hot. Which I didn’t think I could even care about anymore, but uh… it’s nice. It’s nice to feel good about noticing you. But I think if you give me a second chance, I can do better at that kissing thing.”
“You can keep the pants, too.” He says instead. “Since we’re probably not going clothes shopping any time soon.”
“Sorry.”
“And then things will be right back to normal-- or what passes for it around here.” Rowena nods. “He’ll come ‘round for supper once he’s feeling up to it, we’ll have the first apple pie of the year. I do hear tell that’s a favorite.”
“Dean. I’m not sure-- I never tended to him when he came here, so I don’t know when… I know he had it rough. He had a lot to work through, and he’s come a long way. But he’s kept himself shut away, where he hasn’t had to speak to anyone who wasn’t a…”
“I… had forgotten, tasting. Enjoying. It appears now that my body requires food, I find the process very enjoyable.”
When the shoppers begin to arrive and the market comes to life, Rowena tucks her knitting away again, and slips a small bill into Gabriel’s shirt pocket.
“You’re Dean’s family.” He waves off Sam’s gratitude. “Besides, if I might be entirely selfish with you, Samsquatch, in a few months’ time, having a spare strapping young alpha around who owes me a favor…”
“Pointers?” He looks confused, which shouldn’t be adorable, and then he licks his lips and Dean’s just, he’s
“Go on, then. I see the fudge stall’s set up.” She says, giving his backside a pat as he gets up to move around her on his way out of their little booth. “Pick one and get enough to share.”
“Oh shit…” Dean squeezes at the base of his dick, but the rest of him is twitching in sympathy now, the muscles along his inner thighs tightening and his leg bouncing harder and his abs jumping, his whole body protesting holding off now. “Um, that’s-- I mean, yeah, just-- that’s not something friends
that. Maybe we don’t know what’s in the book, but we know that. So it has to be him.”
“Want you to mark me again.” He begs. Kisses at Cas’ jaw, at the little cleft of his chin, waits to be kissed back. “Want your handprint on me.”
“No, it’s-- It’s hardly your fault I’m… indisposed.”
“You’re no fun. Dean, tell him he’s no fun.” She stops short of grabbing Dean’s arm, but he allows her to enter his space.
“I really don’t.”
Dean joins him, quiet as the car pulls out and onto the street. It’s not until they hit the light that he speaks up.
“Yeah. Yeah.” He releases Cas with a slap to the back. “God, it’s… Yeah, things are… Like, a big weight is off my chest. Chuck’s gone, everyone’s back… I kinda can’t wait to see the look on my brother’s face when he wakes up and you’re here.”
“I’d say he’s lucky enough now.” Rowena digs her knitting out of her bag and beckons him back over to the chair beside her own, where she can wind her skein of yarn around his hands. “He’s safe now, and he couldn’t have better help in getting back to who he’s meant to be. It’s a bad lot that befell him once, but Jody says he’s made
“Tastes perfect.” He confirms.
“Yeah. It was that night. Her first night there. Got the everloving
“All right, well I’ll see you at closing time.” Benny gives them both a wink and a wave, before heading off.
“This week, our two all-time bestsellers, the roasted garlic, and the roasted red pepper. Baba ganoush. Avocado. Herb and lemon is a new recipe, I think we’ve got it right this week.” He points each one out in turn. “See what you like and I can make sure to reserve a tub for you.”
“I’m good. Just… yeah. Yeah.”
Cas has a couple scars, faint ones, from before the strike team had body armor. First time Dean had seen him, he hadn’t even registered them, not until much later. His thumb had found one, during their second or third round of feeling each other up-- not making out, still, not really feeling super sexy. Arousal had been kind of… not on-and-off, exactly, but up-and-down, and never so up that they had to stop and talk about what to do about it. It was that same night, when they’d gone to bed together in nothing but boxer shorts, when they’d touched each other everywhere those boxers didn’t cover, under the blankets, when they’d laughed softly between gentle pecks and lazy, directionless conversation… his thumb had been rubbing over the spot and he felt it, when he hadn’t really seen it, and Cas had told him the story of the first time a guy had pulled a knife on him. How he’d been grazed a little, that everything from that fight had faded except the one that actually sank in, but how it hadn’t really hurt until he was getting stitches and his adrenaline had gone back down.
“Oh yeah, what’s it about?”
“I didn’t know anything about life.” He murmurs, lips against Dean’s hairline. “Or happiness. Until you.”
happy
Cas’ shower has a built-in bench seat, and one of those detachable showerheads, they can sit side by side until Dean’s legs don’t feel so much like jelly,  take turns holding the showerhead or the loofah for the two of them… They shuffle to the bathroom together, clingy and weak-kneed and grinning like teenagers discovering sex for the first time.
“Well, no, but I have to be there, I’m-- I mean, I do, right?”
Cas stares. He’d expected ‘guest bedroom’, ‘home office’, maybe ‘craft room’, but Gabriel is describing a nursery, and for once, he’s not joking.
“Can I?” He chuckles, and gives the other side a little squeeze. “Lie down on the bed. As much as I like these, I’m going to take them down for a while.”
“Half an hour?” Cas frowns. He’s literally still hard and judging by the look on his face, ready for round two.
“That’s not good enough.”
“It’s not stupid.” He insists, fumbling blindly to pat at Dean’s arm and finding his knee instead.
“Now you’re talking.” Jody nods approvingly, which helps settle the anxiety. “So, you got a favorite character yet?”
Dean’s scent-blockers work to keep his own distress private-- as private as it can be, with him on the ground, but no one’s really looking their way. He’d been all but completely silent in it, and the tablecloths on the tables block much of the view of him. Cas risks placing a hand on his shoulder, and though Dean lets out a soft keening sound, he doesn’t flinch away from Cas’ touch-- he leans in a little. He’s still trembling, when he uncurls enough to look up at Cas, and there’s a certain haze over his vision for a moment, a sense of his still being elsewhere, in his mind. A moment more and he breaks eye contact, curling in on himself once more even as he rises, trading chairs with Cas.
“You still got your…” Dean wiggles his fingers. “Aura-reading emotion powers?”
“I don’t have pajamas.”
“Alastair had dogs.” It’s a realization, more than a question. Raids were usually carried out when the trafficked omegas were being moved, Cas hadn’t dealt with guard dogs the times that he’d led the strike team into temporary waystations, but the main facilities, the places they’ve never been able to break into, there would have been guard dogs there, ready to do serious damage to any runners.
They’re closed, Cas’ lips brush over his eyelids. The bridge of his nose, the apples of his cheeks, he slowly works his way down, bypassing his lips and ending with his chin.
They fall into a comfortable enough silence, enjoying the lull. Even with the crowd thinned out as most people gravitate towards the food trucks and the tables set up for eating at, Cas sells a few candles-- he ought to keep a sample burning every week, apparently it does a good job of attracting people. He looks up from rearranging the remaining candles when he feels Dean tense again, moving closer.
“I’ll text Sam to keep Jack out a little longer.” He promises, and being wrapped in those wings makes up for the loss of one of Cas’ hands on him as he does so. “He already knows he’s on dinner duty.”
They both nod at that, and then Dean splits off to walk with Cas, stopping when they reach his own door-- catching Cas’ hand to stop him as well.
He lies down before making the call, welcoming Tybalt to come curl up against his hip, purring and kneading at the bed as Cas absently rubs his ears.
“I can see why this is your usual.” Dean says, around his last bite, chipmunk-cheeked around it. “Hell, I don’t think I ever had a burrito this good
“Yeah. It, uh, hit him hard.”
Sam bites at his lip, and looks around at the walls of Gabriel’s office, his eyes landing on the wall of photographs. Years of building up their mission, years of celebrations and repairing families, or building new ones.
Dean nods. “In a minute. I-- There’s something I need to say to him first.”
For a moment, Dean doesn’t act, just looking down at the shears in his hand, but he shakes himself out of his thoughts, holding the bucket beneath and trimming away the segment Castiel has presented him with.
Cas isn’t a woman. Cas isn’t really a man, either. Cas isn’t anything like anything else, he’s not like other people and he’s definitely not like other angels, and Dean wishes, he
of my life not living under a rock. I just haven’t seen the movies.”
God, what he wouldn’t give for just an hour more to say goodbye in. To hold him-- to
Sam rolls his eyes. “I’m sure you’ll get to eat them if you come around often enough.”
“My handprint?” His lips brush Dean’s ear, his voice sends something sweet and hot coursing through his veins. “Oh, Beloved… Lie down, here in my lap. You’re… so lovely, and so good. I would grant you anything you wished of me.”
“I want to.” Cas nods, though he doesn’t say it in a come-on kind of a way, and Dean doubts he meant it to mean anything sexy. Cas is a cuddler, he loves long hugs and good-morning nuzzles, and to fall asleep with their bodies pressed close. Sometimes they roll apart-- usually they roll back together. The bed’s big enough to give them space the times that one of them needs it, but most of the time they both find touch comforting, at least when it’s them.
Cas is in the center the next day, as well, assisting Gabriel-- and helping to get Sam settled in.
“I’m, uh, ready.”
And the skin between them is smooth, and the flesh beneath is firm… but there’s some give, there are places where he can squeeze and feel the yield of him, where a little softness now protects the muscle beneath. His body has changed, since Cas once reconstructed him, once lovingly reknit bone and sinew and muscle and skin to house a righteous soul… how wonderful that he should be able to seek out surprises in this body he once knew to the atom. What a gift to be able to discover him anew.
.” Feathers brush over the skin again, making Dean jump a little, sparking a gasp and a low, happy sigh. Cas’ hand runs through Dean’s hair, squeezes the back of his neck, his shoulder. “Get up, Dean. Look in the mirror.”
“You could have fucking fooled me, Cas.”
“He was in Nevada, Dean. Probably hit the jackpot for exactly once in his life. Told Bobby it was so I’d have a college fund, so I could make something of myself… even with the scholarship, it was helpful, cost of living and everything. I mean… for a couple days, I think we were waiting to hear he robbed a bank or something, but knowing dad…”
“I mean… I meant for Bobby’s. When do you two leave?”
“It’s pretty good for the guy getting blown.” Dean shrugs. “She’s faking it, though.”
“A small dog, or the
“Yeah, well, I hate to break it to you, Cas, but it ain’t exactly ‘love’ when you want a stranger in a biker bar to bend you over the pool table and you want him to leave the cowboy boots on.”
, he became a toy for the real sadists, scarring no longer off the table. And then for a while he became Alastair’s favorite canvas… but even when he’d been his favorite, the only teeth he lived in fear of belonged to the dogs.
“Yeah, that. She and Donna told us about the whole thing. The obstacle course sounds pretty cool. You used to do that, right?”
“I do. If it doesn’t, there’s a guest bed… we can work things out. You can sleep in my bed and I can sleep in the other room if you want the scent of me but aren’t ready to have another body in bed with you all night. If we try sleeping in separate rooms and that doesn’t work, either, we can try moving the beds around so we’re in the same room. Close but not touching, or pushed together so it feels like one bed but gives us more space... we have time and we have options. If our first night together isn’t perfect, we’ll learn how to make other nights perfect.”
Cas does not-- he feels like he’s missed something. Like some vital step in the conversation must have passed while he was focused too much on Dean’s hands, how diligently and carefully they work to massage the balm into his skin, how the warmth of his touch helps with the loosening of stressed and strained muscle. He gives a hum that he hopes says ‘I know what you mean and am definitely paying the correct amount of attention to you and not too little and definitely not too much’, and not ‘I’m sorry, but having you touch me seems to have made me stupid, so you’ll have to run that by me again’.
“You’re aroused…” Cas’ words are half-muffled against Dean’s lips, and his hands pause, but they don’t fall away. “Is this good, or do you want to stop?”
He touches Dean’s face, fixing him with a look, unreadable but so familiar.
“I mean where do you go now that you don’t come out to the center?”
.” Cas presses, and Dean realizes he hasn’t actually answered the question, too distracted by finally getting a hand up under Cas’ shirt to grope at the solid flesh of one pec, a little soft give over that steely muscle, but somehow that only makes it better. More touchable, but exuding just as much strength. Comfort and sex appeal all rolled up in one perfect package.
“Mm. Well… I used a salve Rowena gave me. They’d already faded some by then. It nearly erased the lesser ones-- you can only see them in the right light. The stab wound… is what it is, but it used to pull and itch sometimes, and using the salve, now I hardly notice it the way I used to..”
“I was hoping we’d get this place. Wanted you to be around for the kiddos, you know? Call me soppy and hypocritically old-fashioned, but if I’m gonna be the one who’s preggers, I’m gonna want  another alpha around.”
“Dunno about that.” He shrugs, cheeks going a little pink.
“No. I’m here. I’m here. I tried to call you…”
…” He croaks, squeezing the angel hard, face buried against his shoulder.
“Thanks, Cas. You’re a good alpha.” Dean sags against him, and then un-balls, squirming around until he’s lying on the couch, his legs dangling off, his head on Cas’ thigh.
“We’re going to have to. We’re going to have to figure out how to do this without any other hunters--”
And yet, he’s not terrified.
He skips the arnica gel, when Dean whines at the thought of the handprint vanishing too quickly, and lays another kiss to the center of the handprint’s palm.
Dean accepts the sample, licking his lips just thinking it over.
“Cool.” Dean nods. “Um… next week-- just if you want, you know… I’m an okay cook.”
When Jody and Donna get back to work and Garth bids everyone goodbye so that he can head home, the two pairs of brothers gravitate towards different spots, so that Sam and Dean can have a little privacy. They flop down in the grass together, scent each other before relaxing and just looking up at the clouds, making contact but no longer clinging tight.
“Oh, isn’t that wonderful!” Rowena says brightly, leaning in. “We’ll be sure to, and Castiel can take it over to Jody, she runs the little foster operation, getting people back on their feet, she’ll be thrilled.”
“When Jack… restored me, so to speak. I called--”
“I didn’t say I wouldn’t be seen in it. And it’s not ‘pimp mobile’ it’s just… pimpmobile.”
“Would it be more pleasurable if I did this for you?”
Things are very much not all right with Dean. And the last thing Sam expects is for Cas to come and fix it.
“Well.” He shrugs, face heating. “Once that’s done, I’ll show you how to deadhead the roses.”
They know how they communicate. On the surface, maybe they seem pretty different. On a good day, Dean’s expressive and charming, and Cas tends to come across as flat to anyone who hasn’t learned the intricate nuances of him. Dean can’t string more than three sentences together without referencing a band from the seventies or a movie from the eighties, and his speech is peppered with regional slang picked up from a life on the road. Cas can’t use slang without doing finger quotes and he hasn’t quite mastered a pop culture vocabulary despite expanding his knowledge base. But underneath all of that, there are ways that their brains work the same. Cas might need clarification on Dean’s references sometimes, but he knows how to read between the lines for all the important stuff. Dean might not get all the science documentary trivia Cas busts out with, but he knows what it means when it happens, and he knows how Cas’ mood is doing based on the topics he brings up-- space stuff when he’s getting philosophical and maybe a little melancholy, landmarks and world wonders when he’s worked up in a good way, medical science when he’s anxious, and bees when he’s firmly in his comfort zone-- or actively working to put himself back there. And he talks about food when he’s feeling affectionate-- about growing food or learning to make it, or some piece of science or trivia around it, like even when he’s not feeding Dean he wants to feed him.
On Saturday, he collapses.
“It sounds perfect.”
“Then it’s just the two of us.”
Jack and Sam come knocking eventually, to find him sitting over Cas, silently crying-- tears he wipes away hastily before letting them in, but he’s pretty sure he’s not fooling anyone.
“Always.” Cas promises him. “Dean, always.”
“Well put.”
“That’s some spicy blasphemy.” Dean bobs his eyebrows. “First I dethroned god, now I’m about to get myself touched by an angel, I’m having a real week.”
“So how long have you known each other?” Sam asks, giving Cas a look. Earlier, he was barely processing, now he’s putting together a timeline and battling suspicion.
“Oh.” Something warm rises up in his chest, apple forgotten in his other hand. “Um-- yes. I mean… it’s good to hear yours, too.”
“He’s got his sunscreen on, so if he needs to take a walk around, he’ll be all right. I’m going to grab his basket and then we can go.”
When Monday rolls around, Gabriel and Rowena roll in with it, right on schedule to help him load the back of his truck.
. The whole time the needle buzzes against his shoulder, Cas is holding his hand and fussing over him, murmuring his litany of soft praises. He strokes Dean’s brow with the backs of his knuckles, to avoid staining his face with ink.
“I don’t know what I want, Cas. Sure as hell don’t know what’s best for anyone.” He says at last, his voice rough and muffled. “What if he doesn’t want me?”
They eventually make small talk with others-- Dean gets along with Charlie immediately, asking her about the work she does and nodding along as she explains, even the parts that are clearly beyond him. He eventually admits that one of the teenage girls at Jody’s house has had to teach him everything h knows about modern technology, but that doesn’t dim Charlie’s enthusiasm at all. She just asks Cas if she can offer an internship to any teenage girls tech-savvy enough to get their fellow rescued omegas caught up.
“This is wonderful.” He says, and his voice is quiet, but the moan under it is still…
“Been saving it ever since.” Dean grins. “You didn’t count on that when you grabbed me.”
“Indifferent, thus far. Maybe I’ll discover a fondness for them.”
“This is one hell of a cruel dream, if--”
“Huh? Oh-- um, yes. No. Dean, this is David. David, Dean. Someone Gabriel recommended to  me, he’s been helping with some of the heavy work in the garden, and now with this. Though I’m sure Gabriel and Rowena will be along later. I know my brother is always happy to abuse your generous sample policy.”
. Well there goes any admiration Dean might have felt in watching him on Thursday, because clearly he’s not capable of even that much now, without… without completely falling apart, without forcing a healing omega going through a very emotional time into the position of having to care for him. Dean has the physical strength to haul him in to the couch, but he’s still fragile in some ways, he still relies on those around him to provide a sense of security as he’s healing, and Cas was one of those people. Now?
“Yeah, you’re not doing that. You’re… We don’t have that kind of time, if you’re healing like a mortal person now. Rest, okay? I’ll let Jack know you’re up.” He bends down, kissing Cas’ forehead. “I’ve got to get to work, but… when this is all over, you know you can-- you can get what you want. Maybe… we both get to be happy?”
“Uh-uh. Nope. Not fucking doing that again. I don’t know how many times I gotta tell you, Cas, you don’t get to die on me.”
“Trust me, feeding people is worth some thanks. The Omegas at Jody’s place are-- some of them are eating well for the first time in a long time. When you first move into the house you’re still on kind of a weird diet just so your body gets used to eating meals at all, right now is when her girls can eat whatever they want, so…”
“Yes.” Cas sits on the edge of Dean’s bed, and rests a hand on his shoulder. “I had not realized, how painful it would be for him… but there was no other way. I did not intend… I did not know. Nor did I know I would be able to return, it… it pained me, in the Empty, to think of the pain I had caused him, to think I would never be able to…”
Everything’s a sweet haze, Cas fussing over him and the buzz of the needle, and the pain-not-pain. Finally, he’s done, and the artist holds up a mirror.
“Your soul shines… so much brighter than any other I have ever witnessed. You
, because it hasn’t been about that this time, but he’s filling out the front of his panties just a little more than he used to be, even if the difference is slight. And he sees Cas’ hands, big square hands, skimming gently up his thigh, past his hip to his waist and back down, and it makes him feel delicate, special.
. I promise we won’t start a global thermonuclear war.”
“Mm. He never got to finish secondary school, I believe? He’s staying with Jody right now. I’ll have her send him over on Saturday next.”  Rowena leans forward to set her teacup down, before turning a wicked smile back to him. “Now, when you do decide you’re looking for hanky-panky, you must let me know, I have some very interesting people I could introduce you to. When you’re ready, of course.”
“You’re fine. Just getting some groceries home and getting a casserole thrown in the oven before Donna brings the girls back. Everything okay?”
“It’s a paste made primarily of chickpeas. They do different flavors, different vegetables and things mixed in.”
“Right here?”
“I am.”
“Sure. There’s a line out the door, I’ll just start the free-for-all. Ladies, come and get a piece. Hell, fellas, too. Why not?”
“Not that part.”
“What about you, you good?”
“I’d be honored.”
of a possibility of him being useful he’ll do it, but he
When they drop down to the next platform, there’s another set of ropes to rappel down the final wall they have to deal with, and Garth seems relieved to get to follow that up with a sprint. This is the part where Cas knows his performance is going to suffer-- where Garth sprints to the next obstacle at his top speed, Cas has to settle for an only-slightly lopsided power walk, and when he does reach the crawl, his face heats as he realizes he needs to ask Garth for a hand getting down to the ground. He used to drop to his belly straight out of the sprint, and spring right back up… But Garth is happy to get the chance to offer his assistance, when Cas had helped him with his first climb, and once Cas is down, pulling himself forward with his elbows is something he can still do. He makes up some of his time there, even if it just means once he gets free of the low-slung netting, he has to wait for Garth to help him back up.
“I wouldn’t have bugged you, but… yeah.” Dean nods, drifting from standing at Garth’s elbow to standing at his.
“Look… we really need to have a war meeting here about our next move. Come join me in a minute?”
“Dean!” Sam shouts again from the doorway.
“Perfect.” Cas cuts him off, reaching up to pluck one little blossom from Dean’s shoulder. “You’re perfect.”
They head back in, where Garth is cleaning up, and Cas waves him down.
happened to me. For a long time, I think, I was just in this hospital suite… I was in bad shape. Practically feral, for a while there, forgot how to talk… then the doc brought Krissy in to see me. And, uh… then I met Gabe. Garth. Jody and Donna. Got to be okay enough to stay in a house. Couple of the others were there at first, but they… Lot of people had families nearer by, weren’t locked up for as long as I was, it was easier for ‘em to move on and get, uh, normal. Close enough to it. And I just wasn’t ready, man. I mean I thought about you… all the time, I thought about you. But you gotta understand, I was protecting you, too. I thought I was. I… I still sometimes believe a lot of shit about myself that people keep telling me isn’t true.”
“Well, thank you. What I mean is… I’m glad we’re friends.”
, that Cas can say the word ‘bottom’-- just meaning the body part and not the guy who takes it-- and have it come out sounding hotter and filthier than someone else saying ‘ass’.
That’s fair-- Michael had broken with Lucifer, once, but even though it was over the time Lucifer tried to sell Gabriel, it wasn’t really to take Gabriel’s side… and ever since, Michael and Raphael have been difficult at best. And after Naomi… well, Castiel and Gabriel both have enough reason not to go back.
Cas smiles, at that, looks back to Dean. His hand moves from Dean’s shoulder to his cheek.
“Isn’t it?”
“I don’t sound like that! And that’s not what I was saying.” Sam says, though he blushes and looks off to the side like maybe Dean isn’t far enough off for how he’d like to think of himself.
“I got the ball rolling. I can’t take credit for… so much of what it is now.”
Team Free Will takes on Chuck.
, Dean can’t figure how he puts out so much warmth now that he’s just a guy, without angelic grace. He turns his head, nuzzles into Cas’ hair.
“It’s not just Gabe and Rowena giving me baby fever. I mean, that’s probably part of it. It’s not like I lied about it, doc did tell me sometimes being close with another omega and having ‘em go through baby stuff could help kickstart shit, but… but the other part is, uh, having an alpha. I mean, one who makes you feel safe.”
“Sure. I hear that.” Dean follows him in, and through to the back garden, pausing to rub Tybalt’s ear. “Your raw chicken’s got a sweater?”
“Hey, I’m married, not buried. No, I kid, I kid-- definitely not coming onto an employee. Just wondering if you’re a farmers’ market kind of guy.”
“Safe. When you spoke about him before, I had a suspicion… I didn’t want to speak too soon, but it would have been an extraordinary coincidence, if the Dean I knew wasn’t your brother. Dean has been in our recovery program for a while now--”
“Ate on the way here.” Gabriel waves him off. “Ro and I have got it.”
“It was… harsh. Everything felt raw. It… I know there’s supposed to be an upside, but it… there wasn’t a pleasurable moment in it for me. I masturbate, normally-- I mean, not as often as I expect is the norm for any designation, but… I do it regularly and I don’t normally find it upsetting. It keeps nocturnal emissions from being a problem, so… I take care of it, the same way I take care of physical therapy or brushing my teeth, just… less often. I know it’s possible for it to feel good. But during the rut, it… it never did. No matter what I did, it just… it was bad. That wasn’t the last time they sent me to her, but it was the only time they did that to me. And I still remember everything about that room.”
to him, and that…
“That was… the superior experience.” He sighs.
Dean goes to the farmers' market. Cas comes to a realization.
“Come.” He says, quiet and steady, and Dean would follow him into Hell, what’s he going to do, refuse to follow him through the bunker?
“Sam.” Cas looks up at him. “Your happiness is very important to your brother, you know that. He didn’t want you to leave him to drink in secret, he wanted you to spend time with the love you feared you had lost, and had returned to you. Although… likely he did wish to grieve without troubling you. I have removed it from his system. And… healed a small amount of damage. But he does need the rest, it seems he has not had natural sleep in some time.”
“Wouldn’t have thought he’d bother.”
At least Gabriel’s always known himself well enough that there’s no doubt in Cas’ mind he’d have hated the gilded cage. He can never know, for himself… but he knows Gabriel would have been miserable at best, that maybe the way things happened for the two of them was the best way, because it got them out. Because no one had his brother long enough to break him.
, the world can be a dangerous place, and there are bad people out there. It’s normal to worry about your family when you’ve had to rescue Gabriel from that already. So… don’t tell yourself you’re being stupid or silly or illogical. Instead, I want you to say there are still scary things in the world,
The first time Cas set a salad in front of him when they’d stopped for lunch, he’d thought he would hate it but he was hungry enough to eat it anyway, but he hadn’t hated it. The greens are still his least favorite part, he doesn’t think he’ll ever truly like uncooked spinach or kale. But… he’s learned that he likes spinach when it’s in a lasagna or an omelette, when there’s enough cheese and maybe some meat. He’s learned that he likes kale when it’s crisped up and hit with garlic salt, even though he refuses to admit it in front of Sam and puts on a show of complaining that kale chips aren’t chips and they only have them because he’s such a good and caring big brother.
“It is… hazy.” He admits, one hand still cupping Dean’s face, the other raking through his hair. “But it’s coming back to me. I was able to separate myself from my grace. The Empty kept that, and I was… ejected. Weak… changed. Into what… I am less certain.”
“We’ll have to, won’t we? We’ve promised something.” His lips grace Dean’s forehead, feather-light. The center, mirroring the kiss Dean left him with when he was resting up before, and then just over one eyebrow, then at the hairline… tiny kisses that spread out patternless from that center point like he means to cover every inch. “And until then… Close your eyes…”
“I appreciate that.”
, he would take him in his arms, hold onto him so tight, he’d kiss him. Maybe it wouldn’t work out great, maybe it would be awkward, maybe he’d try it and realize it’s not right, it’s not him, but
Sam is fretting right along with Cas, when Jody lets them know Dean’s down at the center taking up one of their heat rooms.
“Hello, Dean.”
“More… more good? Than this?” He pants, his brow furrows, it’s not funny and it’s not fair how much Dean is aching to kiss him.
“Mm-- yeah… yeah, or-- you can… I…” Dean blinks, struggles his way towards the surface, and Cas eases up a little to allow him to think clearer. “I don’t want you to, um, stick your fingers in me or anything, yet, but… you can touch me everywhere, ‘kay? Like… around the outside.”
“You don’t have to protect me now, Dean. You can just… be. There’s nothing to save me from, and if there was, I’m a big boy now. And I… I can look out for you, too, now. I want to.”
“Oh. Cool, cool.” Dean swallows, his tone very un-cool. The poor, dear man, he still doesn’t really believe that he deserves this love… this devotion.
“Didn’t want to get your hopes up, or jinx it.” Gabriel shrugs, opening the door onto what Cas suspects was a child’s room, judging by the baby blue paint, and the little height marks on the doorframe.
“You are a good man, Dean. And love is never wrong.”
“I thought-- you said no one was supposed to die, and you were carrying a guy out and the guard grabbed him back… and then you couldn’t talk about it, you were really shaken up just remembering it.”
“I believe I am
pitch in, they’re affable like that-- and they work out of a trailer, it doesn’t take them the same kind of work to get set up as his booth does. He
“Should’ve thought of that before you stuffed me.” Dean groans, but Cas knows it’s not a no. He knows how much Dean likes it this way, sated and sleepy blowjobs after an evening of slow and easy foreplay.
“Yeah, well… hate to say I told you so.” He shrugs, and takes the soup, and sits back down on the edge of the bed.
There’s too much emotion, at that. Emotions Dean can’t put names to or sort out. All he can do is take Cas by the waist, feel the warmth of his body through the borrowed tee shirt,
a mate. But that’s who Cas is, he can feel it, and it’s not something to be afraid or ashamed of, he’s not uncertain about making it happen… it’s just figuring out the timing. He’s pretty sure they should talk about it when he’s not half-dressed and already wet, something they should discuss all clear-headed. But he knows that even without a claim carved into his skin, he’s Cas’ mate, and Cas is his.
It’s a
His hand rakes against Cas’ upper back and there’s a
“Yes?”
“Yeah. It’s kind of… I just want his mark on me.” He smiles up at Cas, winks at him because no matter how take-charge and sure Cas gets when they’re alone and he’s in Dom-mode, he still goes all cute about it when Dean winks at him. “Kind of a… reminder, of when we met.”
Castiel forgets to reply, too lost in the question of whether Dean drinks deep with such gusto because water, too, was a luxury in his old life, or if it’s simply that now that he’s free and healing, he wants to wring the full enjoyment out of even the smallest things, wants to gorge himself on each experience of a normal life. Wants to find all the pleasure to be had in dirt and sunshine, in food and water, in the exertion of working and in relaxing in the wake of a job well done… Maybe it’s both. Maybe that’s the natural response to making it through so much pain and fear, to look for joy.
“Hm? Oh, well… it’s not really-- Yes, thank you. It’s… Some days I need it and some days I don’t-- sometimes I have it just in case. When you met me, I was in a flare-up, but… I’m afraid my recovery isn’t linear.”
Not that Dean is… No. He can’t think about him like that, like he’s a part of this unit, like the two of them have this future where children… But, if Gabriel is going to be pregnant right when they expand the farm, then Dean is going to be around helping out with more. It’s natural to take that into consideration, isn’t it? It doesn’t mean he’s letting himself get unrealistic.
“The stew is perfect as it is.” He repeats instead, reaching up to cup Dean’s face. “And so are you.”
“Yeah? I didn’t, um, I didn’t know he had a car.”
“Hey, you made it! Come on in, hey, everything’s off to a really great start.” Garth beams, gesturing to the poster tacked up to the signboard.
for you.” His hands cover Cas’, guide them in moving over his chest, through the worn henley. It’s a soft green, it brings out his eyes… hugs him, thin and close-fitting. Not tight, just… close. “Do you know how long it’s been since I even looked at anyone else?”
“Yeah… doc told me there were options, but… dunno. Think I shut down when he talked about, uh, ‘excising damaged tissue to encourage a cleaner healing’, or whatever. Anything after that was just noise, you know?”
“What? How?”
“I can’t, Sam. It’s like you said, I-- I can’t right now. Because once I start, that’s all I’m gonna be. And I can’t-- I couldn’t… Not in front of Jack.”
“I don’t know any bands.” Castiel blurts out, before Dean can get started.
“Oh.”
“No, not-- Well… yeah. I mean, it’s more of a ‘tradition’ than a ‘rule’, but...”
“I’d like that. You could stay a little later again, to watch it with me. I mean, if you-- if you’d both like to?”
“Rowena…” Castiel says warningly. “If this is an attempt at setting me up…”
“Incredible.” Dean groans.
“We’ll take care of it.” Jody’s voice is firm, and kind. “Dean has a lot of friends here, if Sam wants to work for the center, this is going to be a good thing. A way for him to see how the whole process works, from the training for rescues to the full support system a recovering omega gets, and at the same time, he gets his brother back. And Dean gets Sam.”
small, far less elegantly-wrapped brown paper package.
He’ll build two, if he has enough time. It seems like it ought to be, but if a rough spell hits him… He’ll build two. He’ll find a way, he’ll set up some kind of accommodations for himself to get the work done in time, no matter how many bad days come along the way.
“Well… she’s got her old nest egg, and… the apartment’s been fine, you know, but you’ve got neighbors banging around and it’s not too cramped for two, but there’s not a lot of room for entertaining, or… I don’t know if we’d ever really take on the kind of work Jody does, you know, but… a little more space, something we could really call ours. Figured we might, uh, hunt around your neighborhood. We’d be close for Monday market and the occasional family dinner, we’d actually be able to have you over instead of always crashing your space… and it would just be good to know we
Dean looks at the back of his own hand a long moment, before pointing out a freckle there to Cas.
“After this, you wanna nest up in front of the TV with some popcorn?”
Dean is there, when Cas gets home, helps him to lie facedown on his bed.
“We haven’t seen you at the center lately. Just figured I’d check in…”
Sam walks in through the other doorway and Cas flits off, leaving Dean standing there, aware that his brother is staring. Which is absolutely unfair, because Dean’s not the one who was hanging frigging mistletoe in the bunker.
Cas chuckles weakly and bends to kiss the side of his head, warmth radiating between them.
“Very. Dean… another time, could we try that other thing?”
, the-- with a ‘u’-- If I am Icarus. You are the point I strive to reach, and the thing that will burn my wings away, and the love I will die for, and that is the story.”
“I could still try.” Jack offers.
“Dean…”
“You don’t have to do that, Dean.”
“This is really disappointing.” Chuck clicks his tongue and shakes his head and telekinetically snatches Cas from ten feet away, swings him around from where he’d been creeping up from behind and slams him to his knees on the ground, between where he stands and where Dean is. “I mean, it’s like you guys think I’m
“Yeah, sure.”
“No, no… of course. No apologies necessary, Dean. I’m only afraid I was not very composed, when Sam first let me in.”
“Castiel!” One of their neighbors waves, coming over to the narrow gap between the stalls, bag in hand. “Oh-- did you bring on a new angel?”
“Dammit, you’re not supposed to agree with me, you’re supposed to… agree with me. I mean, about-- About maybe staying safe for once.”
. He’s gentle until Dean can hardly stand it, until he’s squirming-- squirming even more, when the edges of a few feathers stroke lightly past sensitized skin. He nudges at the panties a little, to expose more cheek, and then finally,
. In all Sam’s history of loss, there’s not a single one Dean honestly thinks he could hold up against Cas, say ‘I understand’, and be right.
“Sounds like a pretty good hire. What’s wrong? You get a bad vibe off him or something?”
“Yeah. It was good.”
“Would I do such a thing?” Her hand flutters to her breast.  Her lashes flutter as well. The whole display does not a picture of innocence paint. “Well, would I be so artless about it? No, nothing like that, he’s just very handy at jobs Gabriel doesn’t manage to finish. Your brother’s his sponsor, you might say-- he’s been helping him settle in, throwing him odd jobs while he focuses on his education. That sort of thing.”
, it’s for my future niece or nephew.” Cas scowls, but he wraps an arm around Gabriel just the same.
Jody laughs, immediately setting to the task of getting plates made for Donna and herself.
Tybalt gives a sharp little miaow, and Dean chuckles.
“Jack?” His head snaps up.
“I have learned to speak fluent Winchester.” He shrugs, and takes Dean’s arm. “And I understand how he may feel… had I failed to save you, I would have a very difficult time… I would be unable to rest.”
can’t do this, without
“I love you.” Dean nods. “And you can have me. And… you’ve changed me, too. God, so much more than I could say… So much more. I’m just… I’m just some
“Thanks.” Dean adds, though he remains close to Cas. “For the donation.”
“I’m surprised you want to do this. Didn’t you spend five or six years cutting gym class?” Sam teases Dean gently.
“I like them.” Cas nuzzles into his hair. Kisses at his temple. “Are there others?”
“The human way of doing things is always so
That leaves them with just the final sprint-- or, not a sprint, for Cas, but he thinks that making it to that last wall, slapping a hand against it, it brings a sense of satisfaction, of closure, in a way just standing back up doesn’t. Garth is jumping up and down and pumping his fists in the air once he finishes, and Donna returns his phone to him before rushing back down to the day’s starting point so that she and Jody can make a friendly competition of it.
“I just didn’t want to wait to talk to you, after I spent yesterday with Sam, and with calling Bobby, and with… with really getting things figured out. I just didn’t think that the chance I’d get to talk to you was going to be like this.”
“He knew it was going to take him. The Empty, that he’d be back there, that this time… He knew this was goodbye.”
“That story sucks.”
Where that comes into play, for this story, is that at birth, it's impossible to be certain about whether a child is a beta or not, because betas can have ambiguous genitalia but still wind up IDing as male or female (or not), depending on... well, all the same reasons people in the real world, intersex or not, vibe with their genders. Alpha (cis) males, however, are born with a very UNambiguous set-up. So, Dean spent his childhood hoping to be a beta and have at least a little acceptance if not approval from a father disappointed not to have an alpha male oldest son, and Cas similarly spent his childhood knowing he would be an alpha or a beta, but not an omega.
Gabriel clears his throat meaningfully, but Cas doesn’t go through with asking for help.
? Oh,
“Please. I just… If you’re going to kill god, I just think you should take every available opportunity to… you know. Human stuff. Or-- not exactly human this time stuff. Eat. Sleep. Recover from… dunno, trauma.”
“You said Rowena’s not a fighter, you feel that’s why she and Gabriel have treated you like pack leader. But you think she’s a good alpha for your brother, right?”
“You’re welcome,” Cas said.
“Yes,” Cas said, laughing.  “But I am happy to share this with you.”
“These look awesome,” Dean said.  “Thanks, Cas.”
“Watch,” Dean said, lifting up the potato slicer’s lever and putting a potato in place.
“What would we set as stakes?” Cas asked.
“I think you’re about to lose,” Cas said.
“You never told me,” Sam said, carefully neutral.
“There’s this joint on the corner two blocks from here that’s good,” she said.  “I need to get going.  Excuse me.”
By noon the next day, they were in Chicago dressed as journalists to poke around the restaurant for information on the missing men.  The servers, bartenders, and frequent customers all might have been present while the victims were in contact with the link in the cases, the woman who was seen with each of them.  With luck, they might run into the woman herself since she had yet to break pattern with her hunting ground.
Cas met him in the middle. A sharp pop echoed across the room as Dean uncapped the lid of the shampoo. He squeezed a measure into his palm.
He slid his bookmark into place and stood.
Dean didn’t say anything else, but he didn't leave either.  He could feel Cas’s eyes on him, but Cas didn’t hesitate long before stripping the rest of his clothes off, leaving them in a pile next to the sink perhaps a foot from Dean’s feet, which meant Cas was that close to him.  Naked.  To busy himself with something other than watching Cas walk to a shower stall, Dean picked them up and folded them.  It didn’t help much.  Instead of seeing it, he was imagining the curve of his calves, the way his hips would move, and the firmness of those glutes.  He sat the clothes on the other side of the sink where Cas's clean clothes rested and boosted himself up to sit on another.
“Is not the purpose of dating to get to know someone?  We already know each other.”
Dean pushed off the wall, putting himself back into Cas’s intimate space.  “Sleep with me?” he asked.  “Just sleep.”
“You wanna check it out?” Dean asked.
Cas watched the scenery zip past the window as he thought about his answer.
“Hey, you didn’t. I forgave you for that a long time ago, Cas,” Dean said.
“Travel safe,” Dean said, flicking his fingers out in salute.
“Forever? That’s a mighty long time,” Cas said.
Dean didn’t respond with words, reaching over to take Cas’s hand instead. He threaded their fingers together and brought them to rest atop his thigh. They stayed like that, quietly sipping from their cups of coffee, as they watched the sun sink in the sky, the fading light casting vivid vermillion, electric pink, and pale plum across the clouds.
“One that’s normal for everyone to teach their kids.”
“Pop it in the cart.  We’re almost done,” Dean said.
“Yeah.  It’s about time I give it some attention.”
Cas shrugged one shoulder.  He sucked at the skin between Dean's belly button and his happy trail as he teased his fingers along the insides of Dean's thighs. Dean had expected Cas might hesitate with nerves. Cas didn’t even pause, grasping Dean at the root with his right hand, a pressure that could keep him from coming, pressing his left thumb firmly against Dean's perineum, and closing his lips around the head of Dean's cock. As Cas moved his hand to rub slow circles behind Dean's balls, his fingers caught at Dean's rim. Dean keened and spread his legs wider.
“You and I would not be affected by a Sidhe’s spell because of our relationship,” Cas said.
The sky had gone dark, showing off a sea of glimmering stars above them, but they had eyes only for each other.
“There is a thread binding you to the human.  It is blue as the lakes of my home.  His soul and your…essence are vibrating at the same frequency.  It’s you he loves.”
Dean shrugged.  “It’s complicated.”
Dean wrapped his arms around Cas as he settled sideways in Dean’s lap.  Dean turned Cas’s chin toward him, and kissed Cas languidly, determined to steal five or ten more minutes to share the afterglow together before cleaning up in case Sam came back to the hotel to sleep.
As Dean picked up his keys, Sam saw that Cas had changed into a pair of Dean’s extra jeans and a grey t-shirt topped with an unbuttoned blue, black, and white checkered flannel shirt.  Dean and Cas were pretty similar in size, but Dean’s jeans sagged a tad on Cas’s waist, and his shoulders stretched the fabric of Dean’s shirts in a way that made it obvious Cas would be more comfortable getting his own wardrobe.  Aside from the slight fitting issues, Cas looked stunningly normal, and the blue shirt had clearly been a deliberate choice on Dean’s part.
Cas punctuated his point by crooking his fingertips firmly against Dean’s prostate.  Dean gasped.  He felt aware of the interconnectedness of his body in a way he rarely did in daily life.  It was as if Cas’s fingers inside him had pushed the sound out of his mouth.
Cas leaned over to plant a kiss on Dean’s temple.
“On the count of the three, okay?” Dean said.  “One.  Two.  Three.”
“Do you think you could do it again?”
“I wouldn’t have judged you, you know that, right?”
“Maybe,” Cas said. “Do you promise?”
Cas laughed.  “I’ll have to keep that in mind,” he said.  “Come here.”
“Look, Cas.  I’ve fucked up a lot of things in my life.  I don’t want to mess this up.”
“Cas!” Sam said, slipping behind Dean to shut the door before throwing Cas’s other arm around his shoulders to help get him down to the sleeping quarters.  They stopped in front of the room Cas had stayed in while he was injured, which everyone had understood to be his even without Dean putting things he thought Cas might like inside from time to time.  There were shelves now, a couple of pictures of Dean and Sam, one of them with Bobby too, and now draped over the top of the taller bookcase, a kite in the shape of a phoenix with sculpted wings and three tufted streamers for tail feathers painted orange, red, and yellow.
Dean’s jaw dropped open.  He’d done some research on the model and realized that the Airstream’s previous owners had converted and refurbished some of the furniture, including making the queen bed into twins.  The reupholstered couch was a significant step up.  In spite of those improvements, there had been a lot that Dean had wanted to alter or update, but now every detail he had discussed with Cas was in place.
"Oh, Dean." He huffed in a cranky little grumble, the pressure from his hands surrounding Dean's face as he gently cupped his cheeks. "What happened this time?"
Especially after living on the road (and on the run) his whole life, the cozy embrace of
"After ten years I thought you were gonna take the 'never' road." Sam teased.
Dean was relieved when they finally pulled up to Chuck's house. "Maybe they'll feel better with some good ol' energy."
"I want brown wings like Bobby!" Red whined, and Dean just chuckled as he began to rub his shoulders dry. "
He didn't see but heard Dean slip onto the side of the bed. "What didn't you like, Cas? I mean, don't get me wrong, but that vessel of yours isn't
“Guess we shoulda put that up last night, after all.” Dean said to the ceiling. The smooth skin on his face was shiny with fresh rain. He looked so much younger than he really was, Jack could feel that his soul was so much older.
We had stew for dinner. I have to admit the food the eldest Winchester prepared was actually quite good. At least, when I had a taste of the stuff he made for the rest of the bunker. I knew he still did things like burn food or put too much salt to spite me.
"Cal-" He started, before firing of a sentence in a strange language.
I finally caught a glimpse of a fledgling once, when Castiel walked by the room with a small baby with a shock of red hair and white wings in his arms. But this was all I saw for a long time.
"Go dress the others." Cas said moodily, taking a washcloth and gently scrubbing the mud from Leo's arms. Dean turned around without another word and went to go find Io and Red, wherever they'd gone.
!" He spat, almost in disgust. "Intercourse is supposed to be between two people who love each other, and you have never loved that woman!"
"Dean! I-me and and the other angels don't know what to do, I mean, Chuck..I think he fainted or something, like he fell backwards and hit his head and he's not responding when we're touching him or..shit, I mean, how easily can humans die again?"
Dean pulled over in the red, sprinting to get to the two of them across the busy road. "Cas! You can't just
Red and Tobias pulled each other up to their feet, then roughly shoved each other to get working, their way of telling each other to be careful. Their wings knocked together as they pushed back into the chaos.
Sam's eyes widened and he immediately got up from his chair and chased after the three of them. "
Cas froze, his fingers biting into the sharp corners. He wanted to finish the job. Black circles pounded behind his eyes as he felt a tinny buzzing in his ears. Human red, red, red was spilling quickly and thickly. Cas felt like his mind was halfway there. He felt his face tighten and drain of blood in a cold rush, his mind made things sharp but fuzzy that the same time. His ears buzzed and rang.
Cas took over and moved his limbs, which were much too heavy. He wasn't used to being the one in complete control of Dean's body, he hadn't taken complete control of a body since Jimmy. Cas managed to drag the body to the medical cabin, throwing up a blood-and-bile mixture onto the ground in front of him around halfway there, getting a little bit of it down the front of his jacket. Oh no, he knew this was Dean's favorite jacket.
Dean smiled as he looked down at the little girl sleeping soundly in his arms. "I can't believe I'm taking care of triplet friggin' baby angels. I never expected even one kid, and I just assumed they'd be human."
Dean still kept a small smile on his face. "Baby, stop messing with Chuck."
"What is its
"You know me like a brother, Cas." Dean started up again, clasping his hands together. "There's nothing I like more than pie and women. We've been awesome roomates so far, all I'm asking is for one time with a sock on the door.
Cas gasped and his eyes flew open, his body moving to sheild the egg, scuffling back on the bed and pressing himself against the wall.
"Still not talking." Sam echoed back, his eyes pleaded with Dean to adress the elephant in the room. "Dean-"
Castiel's eyes twitched then folded open, white-blue grace shining within their pupils before fading.
She teasingly stole most of the quilt from him and wrapped it around her own shoulders. He didn't mind her little antics. She'd been one of the angels that had almost died from infection of her wing wounds, and Sol had taken an active part in helping her get back to health. They'd found her feverish and half-dead already, and now she was alive and kicking, just had some pretty large and twisted scars on her back.
Chuck's front yard was littered with tents. People milled about, cooking things in cans over fires. This place looked like it had turned into a gypsy camp overnight.
Cas gently passed his hand over Bobby's light brown hair. They were sitting in Cas's room with the door shut, trying to create a calm atmosphere for Bobby when he was growing out his second set of wings.
"The last demon to consume an angel egg?
Trigger warning for self harm and depression in this chapter. Please don't read if these subjects easily upset you!
. His ceiling fan lazily spinned above him, and he looked at his mounted guns. Damn, it felt good to be in his own room and not any more dingy prisons carved out of the ground below the bunker.
Chuck blushed a little and cleared his throat. "Well, uhm, yes. You can drive him over whenever you'd like. And Dean, there's one more reason I'm calling.."
"I had a nightmare." He whispered, and Chuck crouched down and cupped his hand on his cheek, gently smoothing his thumb over the soft skin. This always seemed to calm them down.
"Sorry. You'll learn how to bathe or shower on your own soon, okay?"
Cas smiled a little. "It's over, baby." He passed his hand over his hair again. Bobby's blue eyes were bright as he kissed Cas on the cheek. "Can I go play wif brothers n' sister now?"
-baha
Dean couldn't quite remember the moment when he'd actually woken up. His eyes were partially open and he squinted through his eyelashes, the only thing in his field of vision was a slowly spinning fan, way up above. One side from the pentagram consisting of several crossing chains had come undone, and the hanging chain was clinking against the slow-spinning fan blade.
"Well, just to be honest, we're deciding what to do with you. And now that the kids have started crawling, we don't want you around anymore." Dean said bitterly.
Hot tears spilled out of his eyes, stinging with how fast they'd started. Jack swiped at his cheek quickly with the back of his hand and sniffed back the trickling feeling from inside his nose. Cas's warm arms surrounded him once again, and Jack pressed his leaking eyes into the tan collar of his trench coat.
, after all?
"Oh-" Cas swallowed, clinging onto his clothes and holding him close. "Dean- you look-"
"The transition was...a little less than smooth, I'll give you that." Chuck laughed nervously, running a hand nervously through his unruly hair. "I'm still a little, ah, rough around the edges, but at least I have one conscious now." Chuck beamed at them, proud of himself.
"Just over a half of a fluid cup." Castiel replied. "The substance, within a body, takes on a liquid form."
Castiel may be new to many human things, but Death was not one of them. It was one of the things new inhaibitants of heaven wouldn't shut up about for weeks after joining them. How, why, what it felt like.
"The angels...Bobby, all the angels are gone. One of the angels, his name is Metatron, he was the one who did it. He cast them all out and stole all their power." He huffed out a frustrated sigh. "There's not an angel except him left in Heaven. And the only ones left are on earth...
He shut off the water and scrambled out, just in time to be hit by another vision. This time, he saw blazing teardrop-shaped comets falling slowly through the purpling clouds, leaving white streaks in the sky as they plummeted toward Earth.
"Think you'll be okay here, Chuck?" Sam asked after they'd been waiting in the kitchen without a word from the man in minutes. He seemed like he would be okay- he was surrounded by his family, after all.
"Are you saying he has an
Sam didn't expect it when Cas ducked his head into his chest, arms wrapping around his midsection and squeezing much tighter than he'd been expecting. Sam's arms hung there for a second in shock before he gently folded them around Cas's upper back. Castiel's back was jumping with hiccups. It took a second of disconnect Sam to realize he was sobbing.
s-say-"
Cas looked speechless for a second. "He...he.." The ex-angel stammered. "
," He managed to say before coughing again, the coughs going so deep they turned into wet retches again. He was glued to one of the toilet stalls in the communal bathroom for hours, puking up his guts and his intestines writhed in pain.
"Night, dad." Jack told Sam before jogging from the room.
Jack tried hard to focus, but it was hard. He had just been so much more in touch with his human side lately... he snuck a peek at Cas, who appeared upside-down to him. Castiel was patient, meditating with his eyes closed as he waited.
"I need this attached." Sam nodded to the arm. His hands were stained with garnet, and trails dripped down to his elbows. "Now."
"Cas, you say that again and I'm wringing your neck." Dean huffed out a sigh. "I want to help them. Bobby, Io, Red, Leo... I was there for everything too. They're my responsibility too now."
He was a magnificent sight to be seen, gigantic from all the centuries he'd spent alive and growing. He had four faces, one for every direction, the one looking at Jack now was heart-shaped like a human's, yet featureless with the exception of a a gigantic pair of cobalt eyes. His other three faces were animals, but they must have been so ancient that Jack couldn't recognize what they were. One looked faintly feline, the other had an elongated snout like the very beginning of an elephant's trunk, similar to a tapir's. Many of the clusters of raven-feathered wings were tucked in close like an anxious dog's tail: slashed, burnt, maimed, and one of his main wings was the charred nub that Jack had spent most of the day trying to capture on paper.
Bobby again looked confused. "So, I already did it? I mean, I was able to? Like, in the future I had done it already?"
Calcifer shrugged. "I dunno. Begging, eating. Sleeping on that thrown out matress out back in the alley." He looked a little weary all of the sudden. "Kinda just taking it day by day."
"Nonverbal communication, as well." Cas elaborated. "But Dean, I don't think you understand the
Jack worked hard at his assignments, and didn't feel like they were for nothing. He was lending a helping hand with Hunt research, and Sam also had a whole course set aside that they were working through about his angel side, and how to harness his powers instead of fear them. After his accident with Mary, it took him a long time to feel comfortable with trying to use his powers again. Practical lessons were all done with Cas, but Sam's information helped him stay calm whenever he practiced.
"Alright. Let me take a little peek." Calcifer gently took the baby from Cas, who seemed overjoyed at the new energy source, letting out tiny coos. Calcifer sat down on the bed and brought the child up to his chest, examining the wings and the long lines of brown feather down that went all the way down his small, pale back.
The angel was extremely unprepared to have a fist impact right in his face, and he stumbled and fell backwards. His hand pressed to his lip, which had split and began to seep an unpleasant iron taste into his mouth. Dean was making a fast break for the door, and the broken chain pentagram above would do nothing to stop him.
Cas tilted his head to the side. "Angels are warriors, Dean." He explained, almost looking ticked off that it seemed Dean had forgotten.
Cas's stomach rumbled loudly. "I will be back for breakfast.." Cas said dejectedly, placing his hand on the little baby carrier as he left the room. Dean puffed out a sigh and flipped the pancake. Cas was a handful alone without throwing the egg into the mix, he was moping around and barely talking.
Jack chewed and swallowed his last glorious bite, and watched Dean watching the sun as he gulped down the last of his own food.
-YOU?! Gave-
flay you alive." Dean sneered.
'Red' was much smaller than 'Bobby' was, possibly because he was only a seraph. Sam pressed him to the open space on Cas's chest, and the ex-angel looked at him. Right now, the smaller fledgling was sleeping, so Cas couldn't see his eyes. But the wispy hair on his head was a bright red, and a floppy bright white wing was just barely in sight.
The collective sigh in the room was incredible. Even though everyone had been dubious at first, Dean thought they liked being reassured by having the presence of an angel in their midst. He just hoped Chuck wasn't going to be running around telling people what had happened. It would be a little weird if everyone found out that he was in love with someone he was sharing a body with.
"I'll try not to." Dean replied softly with a smile, and he ran his hand through the angel's soft hair, letting out a satisfied breath. He'd never exactly had a complete-feeling soul.
Cas again stood up, waiting for Dean to show him where to go. Dean closed the fridge and the pantry, and made his way to the bathroom, Cas following him silently.
Tobias frowned. "Yeah. He's been..getting better. In fact, I gotta get back to him right now." Tobias frowned just thinking about it. He and Red were born first, an even though Red had been a few seconds before him, Tobias had always been the tallest and strongest (being an archangel) and always felt like the oldest of all his siblings, that he always need to take care of the other three.
Bobby slowly came to, he'd been moved to a chair and his head struggled to lift off his chest as his vision swam. "Tobias..?" He asked, and he felt a large hand touch his shoulder.
"Holy sh-oh my god, shut
"Half past midnight, Sam? Really?" Dean scolded, and came up to clap his hand heartily to Jack's shoulder. "C'mon, kid. Curfew."
"What are
Just as Dean had finally started to drift to sleep, he heard a very loud thud from the living room. Grabbing for the shotgun under his pillow, then letting out an audible growl when he realized he couldn't easily turn off the safety, cock it, or even aim with such a shaky and inexperienced hand. He dug around for his demon knife instead. How hard could stabbing something be? God, his head was killing him.
Dean hummed a tune as they packed it up, not saying much as they tried to get it done as quickly as possible. They shoved the haphazardly collapsed tent slick with rain into the boot of the Impala, and Jack climbed into the passenger's seat as Dean took the wheel.
Sam and Jack watched as the light glowing red from within traveled across his chest, past his collarbone, up to pool into his throat. It began to shine at the back of his mouth, behind his teeth. Dean pressed his lips up to the angel's, sharing a part of his grace that he always carried within him, which he so fondly referred to as "the reserves".
"Okay, Chuck. I'll let him know, I guess. See you soon." Dean chuckled and lifted Red by the armpits, the baby's skin wet and slippery, as he pulled him from the tub and transferred him to a fluffy towel, laying him down on his back, drying his shock of red hair and his shiny limbs with a fluffy washcloth. The baby squirmed and kicked his legs impatiently, wailing and making grabby-hands as his soaking white wings twitched underneath him, kicking as Dean tried to dry his chubby club-like foot.
"Okay. Just..." Dean was about to say 'be careful' but decided against it. "Just rest, okay?"
Dean huffed out some air and made a very pitiful excuse for a laugh. "That's..yeah, Cas, that's great. I'm happy for you. Awesome."
"Cas," Dean looked over to the fallen angel, who met his gaze and nodded curtly. The little baby was passed on to Dean's outstretched arms. I noticed the long trail of brown feathers that lined down the fledgling's back, below his wings.
pretty, Bobby!" Io said cheerfully, bobbing up and down on the bed.
"I know. Trust me, I know. I don't want anything to change about this, either. We worked our
"Well, they told me that the car we saw drop Crowley off belonged to the Winchesters, the black Impala with the CNK in the license plate. They've been seeing it around their area. That's not all." The girl pulled a folded piece of paper from her shabby coat pocket. "The map we jacked from those demons we took care of a few weeks ago? Look."
could happen."
"Of course not." Cas insisted grumpily. "Why would you think that?"
"You're probably hungry."
Bobby didn't like the expression on his grandson's face. "I know something's been going on with the angels, but I'm not quite sure what." Bobby lifted an eyebrow. "Tobias..?"
Sam shrugged. "Okay. Sure you don't need us to..uh..." How would he put into polite words
His hands were starting to get clammy curled around the cardboard packaging of a tube of mascara while he waited in line at the drugstore.
The brothers chuckled. "Not at all."
Chuck pinched the bridge of his nose. "I'm a one hundred and ten pound man who lives at home alone with his cat and writes stupid-" His eyes flicked from Sam to Dean's face, and in his usual nervous manner he muttered "no offense"..
"Yeah?"
Cas was still looking out the window, he grunted in response. His eyes scanned over the buildings- a laundromat, a donut shop, a second hand clothing store...
"When's little Eggy gonna crack open?" Dean asked, and Cas smoothed down the shell and seemed to contemplate.
. I didn't think we could do much once we went Yonder."
"You git what you git and you don't throw a fit." Red mumbled, letting Dean go over his bright, wet locks with the towel. He was cute when he was pouty.
Cas dug a pinky finger in his ear in irritation. He held tight to the smooth surface of the egg, his fingers beginning to tremble.
Realization crossed his face. "
,fun,
"Okay. I'll make one for me, too, Kevin, and hell, I guess I better make one for Crowley." He locked his jaw and his hands curled into fists. He hated that he needed to take care of the man that was the reason Sam was so sick.
Dean set Io and Red down on the yellow blanket and scrambled to follow Cas. He knew it wasn't rational, but deep down he was scared that Cas might hurt them, if he was being careless he might put them in harm's way.
Dean's eyes widened. He didn't seem half-asleep now. He whipped his head back into the bunker.
"Cas?" Dean opened the door to the spare bedroom next to Sam's room with a small squeak. He peered inside: just as he'd suspected, he'd needed to sleep. Cas hadn't even climbed under the covers as he was curled around this egg thing, his black hair spilling onto the mattress as his chest rose and fell shallowly.
It was sweet when they came together and helped pour things into the large kettle. They always touched Chuck on the shoulder or back as they added an ingredient, he'd softly mutter a thank you and stir the pot, as angel milled about and brought him salt or peppers or other seasonings. It smelled amazing.
Chuck lifted a finger lazily, his pale eyes following as the bee flew and touched down right on the very tip. "And a stinger, to fight and defend their colony. But even that, it seems trivial to us, doesn't it? Their colony, their reason for living?" Chuck continued to explain.
"So you're all powered down again?" Dean asked, ticking up an eyebrow.
?" Cas bit his teeth together. These were angels for God's sake, not your average southern trailer trash.
"It seems like the only explaination. He's been gone for so long." Cas look sad as he gently stroked Bobby's light brown hair, frowning. The tiny angel squirmed and made little noises, nuzzling closer to the ex-angel.
Chuck wrapped the blanket tighter around his shoulders. "You know I didn't write that stuff. I would at least have had more monster hunting in it." He finally smiled just a little.
! Bobby we have a surprise for you!"
Dean cleared his throat. "Okay. We'll take the stitches out when we get home, then. And clean everything else."
, Castiel repeated the name as a manta to himself once again as he limped on, panting, each footfall kicking up a talcum powder soft cloud of the soot layered thickly on the ground.
" Red practically yelled, and Sam lifted an eyebrow. "Hey. What did I say about that word?"
" Dean hollered after him.
"I just thought there was going to be someone out there who would just
When Dean's vision finally stopped swirling, he made out the angel's worried expression once again.
"-Just got dizzy for a second," Dean mumbled defeatedly, leaning into the soft touch of Cas's hand on the side of his face. God, he felt so weak. He had no idea why Cas was suddenly being so affectionate with him, but he didn't mind at the moment. He felt like shit, and it was kind of helping (not that he'd ever admit to that). " 'M okay."
He reached out and lightly touched his shoulder where skin was still intact, funneling a bit of his grace into healing the skin over, just so he could stop the bleeding for now. The regrowing of the limb could come later, when he'd have more time to concentrate. He tilted his head to the side in confusion and withdrew his hand.
I usually spent my time with my eye to the small crack in the door, watching. Sometimes I saw someone walk by or Kevin spread out his papers and work.
The dark-haired man looked up sleepily. "Yes, Dean?"
"It's called a rattle." Dean explained. "It's a toy. They shake it around, it makes noise. I don't know, babies find it fun I guess."
"Yes. I believed you would be aware of that by now." Cas answered, pulling away and tilting his head a little.
Dean worked his fingers deep into his hair as he felt a little grossed out by the brownish suds that emerged. "It's okay, Cas. It's okay."
Tobias fell back into his chair and crossed his arms. "Uh...it's complicated. I guess my main father is Castiel. But him, Sam, Dean, Kevin, all four of them raised us."
"-Cas!" Dean snapped. "Didn't you hear me? Just let me go upstairs! I'm fine, and I'd
"Shh." The angel's calloused thumb gently smudged the stubble on his cheek. He gazed at Dean, a deep sadness tightening the features of his face. Dean could only peer back with half-hooded eyelids. "I know. I was there when Rowena completed the spell. You are not to blame for this."
Before the stifling silence it had been screams and cries for help and tears and begs for mercy and forgiveness. Then, it all cut off, clean, just like the slice across his neck. And it hurt, like a knife had carved that ability straight out of him, and the invisible appendage was still bleeding.
. Oh.. my head." His very plebeian way of speaking returned once more.
"Be gentle with this arm, okay? No heavy lifting or anything. We don't want it to tear back up." Dean instructed him, patting his wrist gently.
Chapter description: Dean was not meant to be Cas's true vessel. So what happens when the disjointed souls in one body begins to wear it down?
Cas shook his head. "It seems they've created bodies for themselves. They were not like fetuses inside of the egg, but rather..a large, contained amount of grace, or pure creation. Some of it must have been used to make the earthly bodies as well as the souls."
needed to go.
"Hello?" He stepped out of the room to answer it, so that he wouldn't have to disturb Cas.
but shit if it hadn't been a long time since he'd fallen asleep with someone inches away breathing softly in and out, their body warmth spreading over to his side. He'd missed it more than he'd thought. Cas's soft breathing lulled him to sleep, and Dean couldn't remember sleeping deeper.
“There’s something else you should know,” Cas said.  “I’m sorry that I hid my intentions in Purgatory.  I wanted you to be safe, but after Naomi got her hooks in me, that was impossible.  What happened in the crypt—you already know she ordered me to do it, but it wasn’t that simple.  Her reprogramming required her to strip me down to my factory settings so that I would be cold, brutal, and mindless again.  To do that, she had me practice killing you over and over again.  I killed you a thousand different ways, at least, before she was satisfied and sent me after the tablet.  I’m sorry I didn’t trust you.”
“Me and Cas started last night, so you’re not that behind on the times.”
Cas complied, and Dean cupped his hand over Cas’s head, dribbling portions of shampoo in several places. Then Dean sank both hands into Cas’s hair, letting his fingers massage at the scalp and tug tufts into small peaks. He dragged his thumbs down Cas’s neck, pressing in as well as travelling down, before digging into the muscles of his shoulders. Cas groaned.  Dean knew the mix of pleasure and pain in a quality massage, and he’d been told he was good.  He hoped Cas agreed.  After a moment, he let his hands fall to rest on Cas’s shoulders and pulled him back to angle his head under the water.
“Killing the demon will set me free,” the Sidhe said.  “You can follow me tonight.  The demon will come if it thinks I have a new soul.”
“Yeah, be there in a minute.”
He had already mostly forgiven Cas for bailing with the tablet when they last parted, and now there was no room for anger.  He wanted his family to be together and okay.  Everything else seemed unimportant.  So, when Cas joined him with a cup of coffee, he was able to enjoy their silent companionship.  He’d missed that.  Dean got the feeling that they were both taking their time drinking to drag out the moment, but eventually Cas shifted next to him.
“I’m gonna take this to Sam, but I want you to wait here,” Dean said.
“Then maybe you could show me,” Cas said.  “What would help you show me?”
“I dunno,” Cas said, closing his eyes with a contented sigh.  “This is pretty nice.”
“It holds a protection charm effective whenever you have it on your person,” she said.  To Dean and Cas she held out the other shell, a black and white conch.  “This is a blessing for your union.  Put it in a shared space, preferably above your bed.”
“You can take your time, Dean,” Cas said.  “We’re allowed to do that.”
“I’m tired of sleeping alone,” Dean added several moments later. His voice was muffled against Cas’s neck, so close Cas could feel his breath, but he didn’t move away. “I’m tired of pretending that we don’t have feelings for each other, so I’m hoping it’s not gonna seem too wild to ask you to come to bed.”
“Okay, give it a shot,” Sam said.
Dean hummed in acknowledgment and added, “G’night, Sammy.”
“You know what I think?” Dean asked.  “I think you get a kick out of sneaking up on people.  I thought it was just me.”
“I’ll bring your Baby home when we get back,” Cas said.
“Cas,” Dean said, drawing out the end sound with a low moan.
“Do you mean something like this?” Cas asked, opening the door to the RV and gesturing Dean inside.
Cas narrowed his eyes at Dean.  “You’re coming with me, right?” he asked.
Alan gestured toward the motorcycles where Cas was still looking at the gleaming indigo motorcycle Dean had pointed out on the walk up with a quiet remark of how nice Cas would look on it.  “Is that the friend you owe?”
“I’ve become partial to green,” Cas said, picking at the seam of his jeans.  “What’s yours?”
Dean let out a long breath and wiped his palms against his knees.  “I do like kids though even though it’s not realistic for me to have that.  I’m still terrified that Ben is really mine.”
“Oh, no.  We’re gonna drive up to Bobby’s, borrow his truck, and take it back up there so I can work on it in his shop,” Dean said.
“God that was one of the shittiest days of my life.  I was so hungover.  I thought I’d vomited up my whole stomach that morning, but after Bobby told me he knew, I threw up again.  I was so fucking scared.  That he knew.  That he’d tell dad.  I begged him not to.  I was terrified out of my mind.  Bobby didn’t ever tell anybody though.  I never thanked him for that.  I never slept with another dude after Patrick.”
They didn’t talk much as they ate, content to sit with their shoulders brushing. When Cas finished, he set his plate on the concrete ledge behind their backs and rested his forearms on the bar of the guardrail.
“You want to know if the man from the restaurant will need to be in danger for the demon to come,” Seana said.  “The answer is yes, but once a person is under my enchantment, I am in control of the balance of their life.  I understand that you won’t trust me to protect him.  If you feel that he needs rescuing, either of you that are immune to me would be able to save him from drowning.  I can only direct the water deliberately in concentrated bursts, so I do not think I could harm more than one person at once.”
“Totally worth two bucks,” Dean said.
Cas brought his head up again and lifted his fingers to Dean’s face, stroking along the line of each cheekbone.  The delicate touch made Dean’s eyelashes flutter.
Sam went straight for the lake as soon as they finished eating.
“Can I ask why?”
Dean grinned.  “But seriously.  I don’t have a great history of relationships, and you’re important.  I’d like to do this right.  Maybe date you a little.”
“You gonna rebuild the house?” Alan asked, moving behind his desk and rifling around for his receipt book.
Yeah, Dean could handle this.  “I can get you some clean clothes if you want?”
“Come here,” Cas said, urging Dean up.
Streetlights gleamed over her sides, casting a yellowish glow on top of her ebony paint as Dean steered her back onto the main road. In her backseat, Sam and Mary were already drifting to sleep against their respective windows.
Dean stabbed at a piece of bacon, speared it, and plopped it in his mouth to avoid answering for a moment.  When chewing was no longer an excuse, he set down his utensils too.  “Dad was mad as hell when you left.  He felt like you betrayed us, but he wanted you to come back.  He didn’t give you that much shit when you did.  If he ever found out, he would’ve thrown me out too, but he never woulda spoke to me again.”
"I don't think this is going to last long," Dean said.
Cas narrowed his eyes at Dean.  “You’re coming with me, right?” he asked.
“Close your eyes,” Dean said.
Cas eyes were shiny with unshed tears.  “I know,” Cas said.
He shot Dean a small smile before picking up his fork and resuming breakfast.  Dean took his lead, but after one mouthful of egg, he added, “Is there anything else you want to know?  One time offer.”
“I know a guy in Nebraska.  Had her sitting on his lot for years, wasting away,” Dean said.
“I’m a fallen angel,” Cas said.
Cas set them down in the alley next to the building they wanted.  Dean led the way into the store, headed for the bedding.  Colorful rows of jersey knit bundles lined the first section of shelves.
“Fuck, Cas.  Fuck.  A thousand times and you still resisted her?” Dean asked.
They spread the blanket out together and sat down cross-legged, their knees bumping.
“I might,” Dean said, leaning back.  His mouth barely moved, but his eyes shone with a smile.
“May I suggest an alternate vengeance against Sam?” Cas asked.  “Given the results of his meddling, it might be alright to show some leniency.”
Cas straightened his back and squared his shoulders, his eyes locking with Dean’s again.
“Smartass.”  Dean smirked as he stepped into Cas’s space to smooth his coat collar before tipping his chin up.  As Dean brought their faces together, his smile gentled to see Cas’s eyelashes flutter and come to rest against his cheeks.  He rewarded Cas’s anticipation with a sweet, lingering kiss.
“I know my way around,” the woman responded.
“Sure.  You’re all liberal arts college and whatnot.  I just got used to hiding it, and there never was a good reason to drag all that shit up until now.”
“Don’t apologize,” Dean said quietly.  He dropped a kiss on Cas’s forehead, just below his hairline.  “I’m not gonna hide you.”
“Hey, do we have any extra blankets?” Dean asked.
Cas nodded, set down his drink, and followed Dean to the table closest to their booth.  Dean explained the basics of the game as he prepared their pool cues and handed one to Cas.  “You wanna be stripes or solids?”
“Maybe we don’t need a number.  We’ll have to plan dates between cases, and that should give us time to talk about the things we need to.”
“You’re good at this,” Cas said as they stood in the checkout line.
Dean took the opportunity to explain on his own terms.
He shuffled the last few steps into the room and maneuvered Cas onto the bed.  He made sure Cas’s head landed on a pillow before moving to the foot of the bed and pulling off Cas’s shoes.  Cas made a disgruntled noise like a displeased cat, but Dean ignored him in favor of dragging the sheet over Cas.  As his hand fell away, Cas caught his sleeve.
“Do you do this to yourself, Dean?” Cas asked
“That’s okay,” Dean said.  “I’ll show you.”
“I thought you’d like it,” Dean said.
“Why don’t we play for a wager?” Dean suggested.
Dean grinned at the smile toying at Cas’s lips.  Cas leaned back so he was sitting up straight and rested his palms flat on Dean’s thighs.
“Okay.  I’m taking Cas to get basic human stuff, so if you think of anything, text me.”
Cas had drifted to the end of the aisle and held up a bed set for Dean’s examination.  “How’s this?”
Since then, Cas had filled the pages with various things he’d seen from birds and flowers to monsters and people. He was sitting in the library nursing a cup of tea as he fleshed out the wings of a hummingbird they’d watched through the window of a dinner in Oklahoma the day before. A series of previous attempts lay scattered around him on the table.
Dean slotted two of the large tubes of hamburger meat under his arms, grabbed a couple packages of chicken breasts and pork chops, and a few shrink-wrapped packs of bun length hot dogs.  Cas was holding a box of the value version of strawberry
Sam twitched and grunted when Dean’s pillow made contact with his head.
Mary and Sam didn’t stir again until they had pulled into the garage, the sudden loss of the soothing purr of the Impala’s engine drawing them into wakefulness.
“How long is it customary to date before exploring physical intimacy?” Cas asked.
Cas wandered into the library a little over two hours later looking marginally better than when he had arrived but still tired.  His voice was roughened with his weariness to a pitch common only, in Dean’s experience, to chain smoking whisky connoisseurs.  Dean had thought Cas was attractive blazing with power and smiting the wicked, but he was utterly unprepared for the charm of Cas blinking slowly at him under long lashes with his normally ruffled hair even more mussed from laying in bed.
“I was often summoned for that purpose in the past when humans still believed in fae folk and our realms were not so removed from one another,” Seana said.
“You’ll figure it out,” Sam said. “Have you thought about trying out any other things that might interest you?”
“I suppose you want to drop by on our way home?” Dean questioned.
Dean shrugged.  “It’s complicated.”
When Cas looked over at Dean, he was beaming.  “It’s beautiful, Dean,” Cas said.  “Thank you.”
Dean snagged Cas’s free hand and threaded their fingers together.  For a while they simply gazed upwards together, neither feeling the need for conversation.
“Ready?” Cas asked.
Cas sat up a little straighter as he sped up his reading rate to find a stopping place, his hand automatically seeking the bookmark he’d placed next to his coffee.  When Cas looked up at Dean, he had his elbows on the table with his chin propped up on one hand, gazing at Cas attentively.
Dean groaned.  “You’re over thirty.  Why does that still work?”
“Smart boy,” she said, looking toward the bar.  “I think your pal will be next on my list if you don’t leave me be.”
“But—” Sam began.
“Why are there so many different versions of everything?” Cas asked.
“Same here,” Sam said.
“Thank you,” Cas said. “I can’t see to get the green just right.”
“You have an instinct for style,” Cas said.
“I know,” Dean said.
started to play.  Cas made it to Lothlorien before his eyes started to droop.  The deeper he fell into slumber the farther his body canted toward Dean’s heat.  By the time Galadriel started bestowing her parting gifts on the fellowship, Cas’s head had fallen from Dean’s shoulder into his lap.  Dean missed the majority of the battle at the Falls of Rauros for watching Cas’s serene countenance in slumber as he trailed his fingers through Cas’s hair.
“Humans are used to being inundated with choices.  I guess it sort of comes with the territory.  I gotta tell you though big chain stores like this do stress me out.  They’re convenient, but there’s so much bustle,” Dean said.
Dean gave him an incredulous look.  “When I was ten, I think, too young for any part of the situation he had me in but old enough to already understand that I liked girls and boys, we were on a hunt and one of the witnesses was really flamboyant.  When we left, dad called him a faggot and said if he ever had a kid like that he’d knock ‘em into next week.  He said men aren’t supposed to be fairies.  I know he was pissed off because the guy had been difficult with him, but it hurt like hell.”
“But it’s not just that.  You loved Cassie and Patrick and Li—” Sam stopped himself short.  “What I mean to say is that Cas is different,” he continued.
“So,” Dean said, walking back toward the sidewalk.  “Who’s up for celebratory drinks?”
“You and Sam are extraordinary men,” Cas said. “She has no reason to be disappointed with you.”
“Why?  Am I suddenly impervious to the wiles of women because I have feelings for a dude?” Dean asked.
As the sun’s last rays winked below the horizon, Dean shifted, inching closer to Cas and knocking their shoulders together playfully.
“Swim with me!” Sam called from a few feet away.
Castiel hummed his agreement, and grabbed the handle of the shopping cart next to Dean’s hand, which pressed their forearms together.  When they pushed the cart out of the aisle and into the jungle of display racks with hanging pants and bins of folded shirts, some of the tension in Cas’s shoulders had eased.
“There wasn’t a girl,” Dean said.  “Hey, buddy, what’s your name?”
He slotted one leg between Cas’s before rolling his hips. Dean kept up the slow drag of their clothed erections, pulling back teasingly whenever Cas pressed against him insistently, until they were both straining against their zippers. He unfastened Cas’s pants first and pulled his shirt up enough to undo the bottom half of the buttons, leaving Cas’s stomach bare in the opening. When he moved to unzip his own pants, Cas beat him to it.
“Did you pack lube?” Cas asked.
Sam grabbed the group of bags destined for the pantry and started rearranging the cans and boxes already on the shelves to make space.
“Ice cream on the pie, babe,” Dean said. “I enjoy your company all the time. You coming?”
Dean hummed thoughtfully as he dipped his head to kiss Cas’s collarbones, travelling in a Z-shape to flick his tongue across the hardened peaks of Cas’s nipples.  When Dean straightened back up, Cas slid his hands around Dean’s hips, dipping underneath his boxers and digging his fingers into the flesh of Dean’s ass.
Dean felt every centimeter as the blush on his cheeks spread to his chest.  “Yes,” he admitted through clenched teeth.
He picked up their empty coffee cups and took them to the sink. Cas followed him, close as usual, and Dean showed him to the bathroom before going off to find him a change of clothes.
“I would be glad to tell it,” Cas said.
“It’s not over yet,” Dean said before eating the last of his fries.
Sam tried to glare at him, but his sleep-puffy eyes made the gesture comical.
Cas tilted his head, unsure.
“That’s perfect,” the woman said.  “I’ll see you then.”
“Stripes,” Cas said.
The drive to the store passed by quickly as Dean and Cas traded recollections and desires, the only silences between them when one of them needed time to consider their response.
“The girl?  Where’s the girl I was with?” the man asked.
“I was never very good at it,” Sam said, “but Dean picked it up fast.  He caught six fish that first day.”
He turned to Dean and offered his hand.  “Thanks, man,” he said.
“That’s only part of the story,” Sam said.
“I’m just so damn glad you’re here,” Dean said.
“Is there someplace we can give you a ride to, Leon?” Sam asked.
They worked in tandem to shove one another’s pants down far enough to rub together skin to skin. Without needing to speak, they set a slow and deliberate pace as they began thrusting against each other. A rhythm came easily. Precome and sweat eased the way as they found the perfect rocking motion to ensure their cocks lined up just right.
Sam unwrapped a weighted leather bookmark with his initials carved into a pair of matching wood chips dangling from either end, and Dean dug a set of four engraved coasters made from oak wood out of a bag dotted with glittery snowflakes.
Dean led the way into the room, veering away from the bed and heading for the deep, worn leather sofa in front of the television.  With the slight pressure from Dean’s index finger, Castiel flopped onto the couch.  Dean pulled him to the edge of the cushion by the hips, making Cas slouch dramatically, and proceeded to peel Castiel’s boxers off, discard them on the floor, and drop his remaining clothes on top of them.
“Okay,
“Sure.  You’re all liberal arts college and whatnot.  I just got used to hiding it, and there never was a good reason to drag all that shit up until now.”
Cas grinned, kissed Dean quick and wet, and kneeled.
"I know that, Cas. I'm just, you know, uhhh...kind of mother hen-ing you." Dean ran his hand through his hair and lingered at the nape of his neck, his fingers scratching at the bristles there. He didn’t want Cas to feel smothered, but he didn’t want to abandon him.  He definitely didn’t want to beg off and find Cas unconscious on the floor  later because he overtaxed himself, but that would mean...
“Night, Sammy,” Dean said.
Dean ducked his head.  “Thanks, Sam.”
“We’ll probably be able to make it back up here by Friday to pick her up.”
“Waging a splash war against him might be enough,” Cas said.
“I don’t think I’ll ever understand the restrictions humans place on gender,” Cas said.
“I think I’m gonna be coughing for a while, and I don’t remember how I got here,” Leon said.  He sat up, scooting away from the three of them to stand.  “But I’m alright.”
“Good,” Dean said. “What about you? It was a helluva light show when you burnt the dad out. Did that drain you?”
“We’re glad we could work with you,” Sam said.
Cas seemed lost in thought, but he came back when Dean shut off the water.  He turned to Dean, and his expression was nakedly affectionate, ernest in a way Dean had never seen before.
“This is a date, isn’t it?” Cas asked.
Cas rolled his eyes.  “The mojo is mine, and I’ll do with it what I please.”
It was the first time Dean had initiated such contact since Purgatory, and Cas was loath to waste it. He circled his arms around Dean and splayed his hands across Dean’s back. To his surprise, Dean let the embrace linger.
“Oh, huh,” Dean said.  “You’d be useful for those people that go on Cheaters.”
“I do,” Cas said.
“Hmmm,” Cas hummed, only half awake.
“This has to go,” Cas said, bunching the sides of Dean’s shirt in his hands.
“Yeah, but a high thread count is worth the extra money.  You’ve felt my sheets.  Does this compare?” Dean asked.
Sam woke up smelling coffee and bacon.  He glanced at his alarm clock and saw that it was still morning but later than he’d intended to get up.  He had wanted to go for a run to start building up his stamina again after giving up the trials sapped so much out of him.  Oh, well.  He’d aim for a run tomorrow.  He threw off the covers and started casting around for clean clothes.  He knew Dean would be happy to get a full breakfast into him, and he wanted to see how Cas was doing.
“What are you thinking?” Dean asked.
“What happened?” Cas asked.
The wind died down about fifteen minutes later, and the kite coasted toward the ground.  Dean ran underneath it, plucking the kite from the air before it could meet a tragic end with a crash landing.  He held the kite string tight as Cas wound it back up.
Dean shrugged.  “Money probably.  A different company makes something that’s slightly different to try to get more people to buy their product instead of the first company’s stuff.”
Dean watched Cas drift back toward them over Alan’s shoulder.  When he spoke, Alan nearly jumped out of his skin.  “I can understand the aerodynamic advantages, but I suspect your interest was in the color.”
measured series of thunks sounded on the bunker door.  The noise was distant but reached Dean downstairs because he was listening, hoping for it.  He sat straight up, muscles tensed to stand, but paused for a second, wondering if it had only been wishful thinking.  But a second was enough to decide he had to check even if it turned out to be his imagination getting the better of him, and he bounded up the stairs.  Dean wasted no time in wrenching the door open.  He had had every intention of hugging the being standing in front of him, wrapping him in an embrace as tight as the one in Purgatory, and speaking into his ear, saying, “Come home,” as soon as he saw him again, but his intentions proved moot as Castiel collapsed into his arms.
Dean glanced over at Cas and smiled.  “No, that’s my—Cas.”
Dean lifted his head to stare at his brother, mouthing the words
“And his love is true,” Cas said.
“I dunno,” Sam said.  “I’m just happy for you, I guess.  You deserve this.”
Dean kissed Cas again, licking into his mouth as if to follow the words to their source.  He felt a bit breathless when he drew away.
The case they had just finished had been simple enough to figure out, but the grueling work of dispatching three confused, angry spirits, products of a double homicide and suicide  committed by an overwhelmed father who decided death would be preferable to poverty for his wife and toddler, had taken its toll on all of them.
“Let’s go in,” Dean said softly when they drew apart.
“Definitely you,” Dean said.
Sam sat up straighter and set down his fork.  “Well.  How long?”
“Just one more thing,” Cas said.
“I’m happy you’re happy,” Dean said, reaching for the potato slicer he’d picked up at the flea market next to the farmer’s market Sam had found just outside Lebanon.  “Let’s get busy.  Would you slice the tomatoes?”
“It’s all part of my scheme,” he said.
“Seana,” she said.
“Yeah, we can do that,” Sam said.  “In the meantime, you’re coming with us.”
through his head.  Cas was tense in his arms, worried, so Dean made himself go on.  Cas, having been discovered and accepted, relaxed immediately.  Dean smiled as he fit his hands to Cas’s calves, skimming down and lifting his ankles to wash his feet.
He didn’t let go of Cas as he pivoted to rest their weight on Baby again. In the process of moving, their arms loosened a little, which allowed Cas the luxury of studying Dean’s face up close. Dean smiled when their eyes met.
“Here,” Dean said, grabbing one of the oversized throw pillows and helping Cas to position it to support his back.
“So are we,” Cas said.
“Nope,” Dean said.
“Like a picnic?” Sam asked.
“That’s clever,” Cas said.
“So, how do we do this?” Cas asked.
Dean made a small, approving sound in the back of his throat as he slid his hand up Cas’s thigh suggestively, stopping to cup Cas’s cock through his pants. He was half hard already. Dean smirked against Cas’s lips. He loved how easy the angel was for him.
Dean snorted.  “Kinda hard to treat it like a secret when I’m gonna be with a dude-shaped person.  Just don’t try to put a sticker on the car.”
“What shit?”
“You’re right, but I highly doubt a ladies’ man like him has found true love,” she said.
.  There’s a place in downtown Sioux Falls.  Let’s go there first.”
“You’re biased,” Dean said.
“Yeah, I do,” Dean said.
“It’s actually something that I enjoy now that I can, but I still feel guilty about it sometimes because it’s something my dad would have thought was unmanly,” Dean said.
Sam and Dean got Cas a mix of practical items and new supplies to fuel his crafty pursuits, but neither of them had a solid clue about what Cas might be giving them.
With the last major crisis months in the past, no one even felt the need to spike the eggnog before they started exchanging presents.
“You wouldn’t dare,” he said.
“He reeled it in with no problem, but dad always made us take bait our own hooks and take the fish off ourselves.  Throwing the fish back in the water was the part that didn’t go so well.  Dean’s always been a little bit germophobic, so that was never his favorite part.  But he was a trooper about it.  Didn’t want to disappoint dad.  So, he’s got ahold of this fish, which was a pretty good sized bluegill, and it’s wriggling all over the place, not cooperating at all.  Dean, of course, drops it, and the fish starts flopping around.  Dean ended up having to chase it around trying to get it back in the water, which he’d managed to do after scooping it up off the ground and dropping it twice more.  Dad had started to go to help him, but when Dean dropped the fish again, dad started laughing and just couldn’t stop.”
Cas shot Dean a skeptical look.  “Oh, really?”
“Okay,” Sam said.  “I’m happy for you.”
by Vonnegut.  You been down here a while now, Cas.  What’s your favorite place on earth?”
Cas still had one hand on the handle of the cart, and Dean nudged his arm with his elbow.  Dean smirked at the glare Cas shot him.  He leaned over to kiss Cas on the temple.
Cas sent the balls scattering across the table and began to study their layout.
“Because we get to hold hands,” Cas said.
“That sounds like a plan,” Alan said, punctuating the end of his sentence with the shhhrip of the perforations at the top of the page and handing it to Dean.
“Hey, Cas,” Dean said.  “Wanna go for a drive?”
“I love you too, Cas,” Dean said.
Seana looked surprised and a smile crept across her face.
“You make a compelling argument,” Cas said.  “Let’s go before I fall asleep on you again.”
“Cas,” Dean said.  He turned around, already close enough that he didn’t need to step into Cas’s space to curl an arm around his shoulders.  “I love you.”
“These are yours,” Dean said.
“So do these,” Dean said, plucking open the button on Cas’s jeans.
“Yeah.”
“Good eye, Cas,” Sam said.  “I’m gonna see if I can hear what they’re talking about.”
It seemed, suddenly, very stupid that Dean couldn’t be intimate with Cas--look at him for any length of time without feeling shame coil in his chest, touch him, or, if he dared, kiss him--because it wasn’t normal, according to--to who?  John Winchester?  Other hunters? Fundamental Christians?  Besides, if Cas was tired enough to be an immovable object, Dean could be his helpful unstoppable force.  Dean shucked his clothes in seconds and padded silently over to Cas who was leaning fully against the dividing wall, noiseless laughter still shaking his shoulders.  When Cas’s lids fluttered open to meet his gaze, Dean was treated to the full effect of those dark blue, burning hot eyes, which were like a pair of some super-luminous stars, ancient and brimming with otherworldliness.  As Cas tracked the trail of a water droplet down his body, Dean knew he’d made the right decision.
“Yeah.  I’m sorry I couldn’t finish it, but it’s good to be alive.”
Dean let Cas pour over the multitude of cereal selections as he scanned the shelves for the granola bar things Sam likes to eat in the mornings.  Dean  set the box of granola in the cart and put a hand on Cas’s shoulder.
The game plan for the hunt was simple.  Sam and Cas would watch for the demon while Dean ensured the safety of the man unwittingly being used for bait.  Dean had driven Seana back to the restaurant to meet him.  Dean would wait to follow them to the lake, updating Sam and Cas who were already in position, on their ETA.
“Sure thing,” Sam said.
Cas followed without question.  The quiet curiosity in his eyes made Dean’s smile widen. Cas paused when he saw the blanket.
Dean fell silent for a moment and glanced at Cas, finding the former angel’s eyes on him, open and soft.  With his eyes on the road again, Dean said, “My favorite book is easy.
“Beginner’s luck,” Dean interjected.
“Sex is sex, Sam.”
“It’s only angles, mathematics.  It wasn’t difficult.”
“Did you just quote Prince to me?” Dean asked.
“Do the two of you do things like this often?” Cas asked.
“Good,” Cas said.
Sexual content: blow jobs, fingering, dirty talk
“You okay over there, Cas?” Dean asked.
“Yeah.”
Dean rolled his eyes. “I still don’t understand how you say shit like that with a straight face.”
Dean would never have admitted this when Bobby was alive, but his favorite auto salvage shop was owned by a guy named Alan Carson in Nebraska.  He and Bobby had known each other when Karen was alive.  They had been friendly and kept in contact to send parts between their shops when customers had a need for it.  Dean liked Alan’s place because it was well-organized.  The cars were parked in bunches according to make and model, there were separate groupings for motorcycles and other vehicles, and he adjusted his prices depending on the age and rarity of a part as well as whether or not you pulled it yourself or had one of Alan’s workers do it for you.  Dean had gotten most of the parts he needed to repair the Impala over the years through Alan.
“I was not,” Dean said.
Dean and Cas started down the trail through the park with packed waffle cones in their hands.  Cas had decided on trying Chocolate Chip Cookie Dough and Dean got his usual Pecan Pralines and Cream.  Dean finished his ice cream first, deposited his napkin in the next trashcan they passed, and took Cas’s hand in his again.  One of the side paths leading to secluded benches and tables meandered into a wooden deck, the paneling turned grey with age.  Benches, built into the railing, lined each side of the deck, making it an ideal hangout for birdwatchers.  Dean tugged Cas off the main sidewalk when he spotted it.  Cas had finished his ice cream cone by then too, and he threw his tightly folded napkin into the bin next to the opening in the railing.  Dean led him to the convergence of one corner of the deck to sit down, ensuring that their knees would brush.
“Hey, Benny,” Dean said, getting up to follow him to the kitchen.  “I have something to show you.”
It filled Cas with warmth every time Dean entrusted him with the Impala, and the feeling stayed as Dean sidled over to lean against him as he started the car. Dean was asleep on Cas’s shoulder before they made it halfway home.
Cas glanced sideways at her and met Dean’s eyes in the rearview mirror.  Dean gave a tiny shrug as if to say, It’s up to you.
“Fine!” Dean said. “But you’re buying snacks.”
“Who’s the sappy romantic now?” Cas asked.
When he went poking around the bunker trying to find Cas and thank him, he found a note in Sam’s unmistakable scrawl stuck on the fridge.
“At least we have that much going for us,” Dean said. “We should hang out at home for a couple of days. Things have been so non-stop since we got Sam back; we haven’t really had a chance to breathe.”
“By watching movies?” Cas asked.
When Cas left with his new possessions, Dean shouted, “Sam, get your ass in here!”
“I’ll see you guys in the morning,” Sam said.
Cas seemed to feel Dean’s gaze and he looked up, apparently understanding something from Dean’s words that Sam did not.  Sam watched the two of them have a silent conversation.  Between them, the muscles of their arms tensed at the same time, and Sam realized that their hands must be clasped under the table.
or how long since I’ve liked dudes?”
Breaking down and cleaning the guns didn’t take long. Dean’s practiced hands went to the task efficiently while Cas worked slower but no less sure. Together, they breezed through it and were standing side by side at the Impala’s trunk, shifting shotguns, shovels, and salt into their designated spaces less than thirty minutes later.
Dean took Cas’s hand after he pulled onto the street and let their intertwined fingers rest between their thighs on the Impala’s bench seat.
“Hey, man,” Dean said, his voice low and soothing, “you’re okay.  You musta fell in somehow.”
“Watch me,” the Sidhe said.
“Of course,” Dean said.  “It feels like the wind is coming from this way.  You hold the spool, and I’ll try to launch it.”
“Is that a yes?” Sam asked.
“I thought your kind did not remember what they used to be after making that choice,” the Sidhe said.
“What?” Dean asked.
“That’s a good point.” Dean said.
“Yeah,” Benny said.  “Thank you, Dean.  You know, you been good to me too.  Things’ve been easier this time around with the support system.”
The name Seana is pronounced Shay-na the same way Seamus is Shay-mus.
“Yes.  Everything’s fine,” Cas said.
“Dean,” Cas said.
when Dean got back to him.
“Yeah, we got his jeans all wet, and we thought for a minute that we’d pissed him off.  But he just set his pole down and jumped in to join us,” Sam said.
“I dunno,” Dean said. “I can’t read your mind.”
“Dean,” Cas said on a pleasured exhalation.
“You like that?” Dean asked, mouthing at the corner of Cas’s jaw.
“You could come just like this, couldn’t you?” Cas said, more remark than question.  “No stimulation but my fingers.”
“Okay, shut up!” Dean said.  “I was a little bit into Aaron but only because he reminded me of someone else.”
Seana held her hand open before her.  In her palm lay two small shells.  She handed a rusty red and cream-colored Lion’s Paw to Sam.
“You’re stuck with me for the rest of eternity,” Dean said.
“You should have led with that,” Sam said.  “Answer his questions.”
“Come on, Dean.”
When Dean pulled the car off the road at an expanse of land with a clear view of the western sky and a line of trees that shielded the area from passersby, Cas began to have his suspicions about the spontaneity in Dean’s choice of direction.
“Cas, please,” Dean groaned.
“Wait a second,” Dean said.  “There’s another way to hold the cue.  Let me show you, so you can see which you like better.”
“You’re so beautiful, Dean,” Cas said.
“We--” Cas had to stop to yawn.  “Always do,” he finished.
“Okay, let’s go.”
“You better get up quick, Sam,” Dean said, “or I’m gonna eat all of these.”
“You’re incorrigible,” Sam said.
Their faces were close enough that they could feel one another smiling.  Cas brought Dean’s shirt up higher, giving him no other option but to raise his arms and let Cas strip it off him.
Then he started laughing.  Dean couldn’t remember hearing it before.  Cas seemed surprised at the sounds coming out of his mouth, but he couldn’t stop himself.  His head fell back and his eyes crinkled.  He was beautiful.
“You can watch the movie with us.  There would be other people at a movie theatre.  It’s not that weird,” Dean said
He wasted no time before fleeing, practically running toward the Impala.
“I was not attracted to Aaron,” Dean insisted.
over and over, but the damage was already done.  When Dean hazarded a stealthy glance at Cas, the angel was already squinting at him with his head tilted, clearly thinking.  Dean needed to get out of there fast.  He stood abruptly, pointing a threatening finger at Sam.
Dean huffed a laugh.
"Okay then. Do you know how everything works?”
As he rinsed the shampoo out, Dean marveled at how thick and soft Cas’s hair was.  He was pleased by how well he managed to keep the suds out of Cas’s eyes.  He’d had sex in the shower, rushed the morning after, but he had never done this for anyone before.  He let his fingers tease along Cas’s scalp, enjoying the way Cas leaned into it.  When he could feel no more slick residue in Cas’s hair, he let his hands drop and asked for the bottle of soap.
Dean stood obligingly.  Cas circled his fingers around Dean’s wrist and tugged until Dean pressed flush against him.  He kissed Dean slowly, soothing his hands along Dean’s sides.  Dean grazed his hands up from Cas’s hips, along his stomach, and over his pectorals, brushing his thumbs out to tease Cas’s areolae.  Cas threw his head back against the door.
He pulled a slim, square box, about fifteen inches across, out from the drawer of his nightstand. He handed it to Dean without comment.
“You’re doing good,” Dean said.
A tall redhead in a business suit and dangerous heels had picked up Sam and taken him to her place about ten minutes ago.  The bar was quiet as bars go.  Most of the patrons interested in drink sat on the high stools nearest the bartender, a smattering of couples and groups sat in the booths, and one couple, in their mid-twenties, swayed on the dance floor, having queued up a block of Johnny Cash songs on the jukebox tucked in the corner.  The pair of pool tables were free.
Dean’s knuckles were white around the handle of his coffee mug.  Not knowing what to say, Sam watched Dean stare resolutely at the table.
They got back to the bunker in the early hours of the morning.  Dean knew Benny might be awake—vampires do sleep, but they don’t need as much as humans—but he was too exhausted to jump into an emotional scene at the moment.  He and Cas moved silently through the hallways, slipping unnoticed into his room.  Cas didn’t need to sleep at all, but he’d started staying with Dean whenever he could after they had a conversation about how, if he was going to be there anyway, it would erase the creepiness altogether if Cas would just get his ass in the bed.  At least that had been easier for Dean than
“Oh, god,” Dean gulped.
The hopeful urgency Dean could hear in Cas’s voice made him brave.
"Okay," Dean echoed.
Dean and Cas headed toward the garage, and Sam called after them, “You let Cas pick what he likes, Dean!”
When Sam came back from switching into his swimming clothes, Dean had already arranged everything on their table.  Sam insisted Dean and Cas change too before all three of them walked down to the edge of the water to fish for a while.
“Good deal,” Alan said, sticking out his hand.  After they shook on it, Alan lead the way back to the office.  “How are you gonna get that thing out of here?  I know you wouldn’t hurt your girl trying.”
“Yeah, well.  You’re my best customer, Dean, and you’ll be doing me a favor getting it out of here.  It’s been sitting there for how many years?”
“Go ahead,” Cas said.  “You will fail.”
She had already disappeared when Sam turned to run over to Dean, arriving seconds after Cas.
“Both.”
Dean walked into the library after finishing the dishes from dinner to find Cas in his usual spot, waiting for Dean before going to their room. Dean was pleased to see that, instead of sifting through a stack of lore, Cas was reading the Vonnegut book Dean had identified as his favorite in conversation a couple of weeks ago.
Notes: mentions of drowning, discussion of past Dean/Lisa
Cas closed his book and sat up quickly, a smile lighting his face.  “I would love to go on a date with you,” Cas said.  “Where are we going?”
Dean pushed his plate away and sighed.  “Please tell me that’s everything you want to know.”
“After Cassie, I met this guy on a hunt.  Patrick.  He had a ghost problem, so I didn’t have to lie to him.  We weren’t together long, so I don’t know if I...loved him, but we had fun together.  He was a good guy.”  Dean took another drink of coffee.  “I guess.  I guess I did or Bobby wouldn’t have found out.”
“Hey, Cas,” Dean said.  He took both of Cas’s hands in his.  “Come here.”
He finally took a tentative sip of his coffee as Dean tore into one of the Pigs in a Blanket.
Dean scooted closer to Cas and wrapped his arm around Cas’s shoulders.  He didn’t know how long they sat in that verdant haven with only the sounds of rustling tree branches and birds to disturb the quiet.  He had no desire to count the minutes.  When they did get up to go back to the car, they resumed their game of 20 Questions, walking hand in hand once more.
“I’d love to,” Cas said.  “I think I only fell asleep earlier because you were there.”
“You sure?”
.  Then at night, she’d sing
“It’s almost eighty degrees.  The water is just right,” Sam said.  “You’re swimming with me, or I’ll tell Cas about Aaron.”
Castiel was quiet for a moment. "Okay."
“I probably won’t say this as much as I should, but I need you to know it.  I love you, Castiel,” Dean said.
“You know what, Cas?” Dean asked.
“Dean,” Cas said, his voice ragged.
Cas changed the course of his fingers, drawing lower and ghosting over Dean’s hole before picking up the circular motion again.  Dean watched Cas’s rapt gaze, and bit his bottom lip.  Cas’s grip at the base of Dean’s dick was the only thing staving off his orgasm.
“But you fixed her up,” Benny said.
Dean laughed dryly but accepted Benny’s brief, tight hug.
“I just live a couple blocks over,” Leon said.  “I can walk.”
“Yeah,” Dean said.  “Yeah, I did.  I couldn’t help myself.  Hopefully it’s not a sin to fantasize about an angel because fucking shit, Cas.  You’re hot when you’re threatening.”
“Hey, how’s it going?” Dean asked.  “You have enough hangers?”
“I love the way you think,” Dean said, “almost as much as I love you.”
“Shit,” Dean said, savoring the heat of Cas’s skin so near to his for another moment before taking a step back.  The only remaining point of contact between them was Dean’s fingers around Cas’s wrist.  “I’m getting sidetracked.  Come on.”
Dean ducked his head, a pleased grin spreading across his face.
Dean started scooping food onto plates, and Cas brought one to Sam.  As they moved to sit at the table, Sam asked, “How’re you holding up, Cas?”
“Dean?” Cas asked.
“Nah, I was thinking of making burgers for dinner tonight and taking Cas outside to eat,” Dean said.
“And you liked it?”
“I called in a favor from a reaper,” Cas said. “I thought it was appropriate since you kissed me for the first time under one of those trees.”
“Love,” Cas said.  “You cannot enchant a man who has found true love.”
“You’re interested in that honkin’ piece of shit, Winchester?” Alan asked, looking over at the 1986 Airstream 345 Classic towering above the other vehicles in the lot.
“That is a question I will answer if you answer mine,” Cas said.  “Why have you taken these men?  Are they still alive?”
“She’s ready to go home,” Dean said.
The wind sings our name in rebel songs.
"I know that too."
“Your Cas, huh?” Alan’s smile had a teasing edge.
“Oh, no.  I missed it,” Cas said, his voice raspy with sleep.
“Yeah, in my duffle.  Inside pocket,” Dean said.
“Holy shit,” Dean breathed.  He looked up at Cas, wide-eyed.
“This is really nice,” Benny said.  “I don’t know what to say, brother.”
Dean fished out a clip of cash earned in a dozen or so pool halls, flipping back 50’s until he had the right amount, and handed the battered bills over to Alan.  “I dunno.  I’ve thought about it, but I should talk to my brother about it.  The shop’s mostly undamaged though.  I’ve been thinking about expanding it and converting it into a restoration shop to give myself something to do when I’m too old to do the shit I do now.”
”  Before he was able to jolt his thoughts into considering some action other than standing in the doorway with his mouth open, Dean met his eyes over Cas’s shoulder.  Sam saw the burst of fear that lit up Dean’s eyes in an otherwise calm expression.
“Liar, liar pants on fire!” Sam exclaimed incredulously.  “You should have seen your face.  It looked like someone had kicked your puppy.  It’s okay to admit that you were attracted to him, Dean.  We’re not going to judge you.”
“I really don’t have the time—” she began.
“You’ll have to wait and see,” Dean said.
“You know, you’re  supposed to drink it, not make out with it,” he said.
Dean moaned against Cas’s lips. He tangled his fingers in Cas’s hair and tugged, making Cas gasp.
“I hope so,” Dean said.
“Ruthless,” Dean said.
-mentions of past sexual harassment
Cas straightened up and looked at Dean.  Dean had let his pool cue fall against his shoulder as he watched, and he clapped once before breaking out into a grin.  “I’ll be damned.  Cas, you’re a natural.”
“Can you lead us to the demon that trapped you?” Sam asked.  “We can try to set you free and kill the demon.”
Sam glanced at him, surprised.  His mind whirred with questions and curiosities.  It wasn’t often Dean invited personal discussion, and Sam was loath to waste the opportunity.  The first question was obvious and teasing in a brotherly way.  Sam only asked it to make the situation lighter.  “Have you ever--”
“Is that a flirtation?” Cas asked.
Dean didn’t bother with pants before walking over to the small table where Cas had already claimed a chair and buried his nose in his own cup of coffee.  The look of serenity and contentment on his face tugged at Dean’s heart and made a bubbly warmth rise in his chest.  He was glad Cas’s eyes were closed.  The smile he could feel pulling at his lips spoke of a softness he’d been actively wrangling with since Purgatory.  He had yet to decide what to do with it.  Dean forced his expression into submission and flicked at a tuft of Cas’s hair.
“Yes,” Cas breathed.
Cas nodded, and Dean slid the cutting board over to him.
“It was ten years ago when I saw it the first time.”
With the cart now also stocked with a brush, razors, and shaving cream, Dean led the way to the clothing section.
Dean stabbed at a piece of bacon, speared it, and plopped it in his mouth to avoid answering for a moment.  When chewing was no longer an excuse, he set down his utensils too.  “Dad was mad as hell when you left.  He felt like you betrayed us, but he wanted you to come back.  He didn’t give you that much shit when you did.  If he ever found out, he would’ve thrown me out too, but he never woulda spoke to me again.”
Sam caught sight of Dean first, shifting in his seat and making grabby hands toward the mugs Dean carried.
“Yeah.  I’ve got this friend I owe big time, and I was thinking of fixin’ it up for him.”
Dean steered the Impala away from the city. The road led through stretches of farmland and empty fields dotted with copses of oak trees. He took turns seemingly at random. The longer they drove, the narrower the roads became until the lines of trees on both sides of the road met, huddling together to form a protective canopy. The winding blacktop drew the eye along a path that seemed to go on endlessly, creating a tunnel with the frame of branches overhead.
“We’re asking you questions, and we haven’t shot yet,” Sam said.  “Talk to us.”
“There’s this little village in Slovakia where an old woman and her children keep bees at the edge of the forest.  She taught me to collect honey herself when I was, uh, having my mental vacation.  Anyway, since there are so many bees nearby, the clearings in that forest are covered with wildflowers, and there’s this little brook in one of the clearings.  There’s just enough water to get some babbling, as they say, over the rocks.  You can hear the brook, the wind through the trees and the grass, the birds chirping, and the bees buzzing.  Everything else is still.  That’s a nice place,” Cas said.  “You’ve travelled a lot too, Dean.  Is there someplace you’ve never been that you’d like to go to?”
“So, how do we do this?” Cas asked.
“Hey, come here,” Benny said.
"I never expected this to be so pleasant," Cas said.
“Uh, I should probably--” Sam started.
“Nobody,” Dean said.
Cas smiled and kissed the cap of Dean’s knee.  “I can tell,” he said, starting to move the finger he already had buried inside Dean.  “You open so well for me.”
“You should make your burgers for your mother,” Cas said.
“Yeah.  A month, month and a half, after Patrick and I said our goodbyes, Bobby called me about a hunt in the same town.  Patrick was the vic.  I made him give it to someone else.  I couldn’t.  I just couldn’t go back there and pretend to be some cop that didn’t care.  I was pretty fucked up afterwards, and Bobby sussed out his phone call as the start of it.  He got the story out of me eventually with enough whiskey.
He leaned over Cas to pick up a bottle on a ledge to his left. The movement brought their chests centimeters from touching.  The tension between them was unmistakable, and Dean felt relieved and elated.  Cas was so still, hesitating even to breathe.
Castiel, who was wearing an old pair of Dean’s sweats and a faded t-shirt, seemed fine.  He was well enough to have Dean pressed against the counter next to the stove, kissing him, which was what gave Sam pause.  More surprising was Dean’s hand buried in Cas’s hair, holding him in place as Dean kissed him back.  Sam knew he was alone in his shock.  He’d been privy to enough of his brother’s conquests, unfortunately, to know that the soft, slow kisses Dean was exchanging with Cas spoke of familiarity.  Sam’s brain looped around a single question like a scratched record: “
“So, maybe we can let things happen—”
Dean knew that Castiel was close.  The grip Cas had on the back of Dean’s neck tightened and slackened unconsciously, Cas’s thigh muscles felt tense beneath Dean’s hand, and Cas’s breathing had become shallow and fast.
“Yeah, yeah,” Dean yelled back, his smile evident in his voice.
“Don’t you need help?” Cas asked.
The angel wasn’t the only one to leave remnants of his energy to seep into the Impala. In her long life, she had shared in countless joys, sorrows, and rages with the humans who called her home. The impressions of Sam and Dean’s souls had sunk into all the leather and metal and fabric that made her, and the buildup from over the years had lent her a kind of consciousness, not quite sentience but an awareness, that allowed her to be just a little bit more than an average car.
“Hello, Dean,” Cas said.
Dean bit his lip but didn’t look away.  He sighed.
He pulled the edge of a demo curtain with a gold damask design on a navy background.  “See this is too busy for a guy like Benny, but those stripes,” Dean said, pointing behind Cas.  “Those stripes could work.”
“I have the list in my room,” Sam said.  “I’ll be right back.”
The demon appeared by the shore as Seana lead the man into the water and stood, smirking, as he waited for the man to become desperate enough to listen to talk about trading his soul for his life.  Cas pointed to him and Sam crept forward, drawing the Kurdish knife out of his coat to plunge it between his ribs.  In the water, Seana pushed the sputtering man toward Dean so he could drag him back to shore.  Sam hardly blinked before Seana was next to him, her aquatic velocity boggling the mind.
Cas cracked his eyes open open just enough to narrow them at Dean.
“I love you too, Dean,” Cas said.
Then there was nothing else to look at but Cas.  And
“I don’t know about you, man, but I think this is the best Christmas I’ve ever had,” Dean said.
"Hmmm," Cas said. He started peeling off his socks. "You want to stay, Dean. Stay."
“Dude, yes!” he said as he reached for the extra pillow on his bed.
Dean shrugged and ducked his head. He cleared his throat.
“Nothing that can’t wait,” Cas said.  “Do you have something in mind?”
“I am tired,” Dean said. “But there are worse things.”
“Thanks, Cas,” Dean said, drifting back toward the shop while patting his pockets.  “Now where did I put the keys for this thing?”
Sam glanced at Cas and saw his cheeks burning red.  Cas mumbled something to Dean that sounded like an apology, but before he could step away, Dean’s hand caught at his waist.
“Awww, how romantic,” Sam said, his voice mockingly singsong.
“Doesn’t your money come from the same place?” Cas asked.
The base of the wall hanging was a section of a tree limb the color of ashes, a color Dean would know anywhere. It was clearly a portion of a tree from Purgatory.
"Humans do not have the same harness over their own souls like angels do. Well, former angels." Cas started to explain, he was talking with a soft voice so that he wouldn't run out of breath. He tried to take shallow breaths so his ribcage wouldn't move too much when Dean was working on it.
Those were the first words Cas heard as he came to. It was neither Sam nor Dean's voice, but Kevin's. Cas felt his arm had been dressed with bandages wound all around his forearm, and a bag of red was hanging from a little metal pole. He felt stiches in his aching side.
His face was still pale white with an unhealthy yellow, wan look to it, and he had purple smears under his eyes and a flush of veiny violet on his sharp cheekbones and concave cheeks. Believe it or not, he looked a little bit better than "that day".
"Oh, boy." The angel huffed. The Darkness wouldn't let him.
"Don't," Cas said quietly.
Sam was saved from having to respond as Dean came back into the room with Io and Red. Io was wearing her favorite pair of yellow cloth overalls, and Red was wearing that ridiculous "I wuv hugs" shirt that Dean bought in disbelief when he saw that the stores were
"Here," Dean patted the side of the bed next to him and moved over, the bed squeaking slightly. "Sit here. I think I have something in my drawers."
Each breath grated against the back of his throat like steel wool, and the taste of iron coated the back of his tongue.
At the register, Cas tried not to think about how much he was costing Dean as the numbers beeped higher and higher.
To Dean's surprise, Sam's eyes had started to shine with tears. He shook his head, laughing bitterly at the swell of emotions. "I just wish— you could have been
Crowley rolled his eyes. "For
"It's okay," Dean chuckled and reached for his hand, sliding his calloused palms over his skin with a faint shushing noise, feeling up to his elbow and back down before clasping his hand between two of his. "Since you're up there, you'd already know I secretly like it. Not needing to say stuff out loud for you to understand. Well, sometimes."
"You doing alright?" Dean asked, reaching out and letting 'Bobby' wrap his entire hand around one of his fingers. "I hoped you'd feel better once you got to meet them."
, Castiel thought to himself.
"Oh, but Rico's always has the best dumpsters!" She laughed and rested her cheek on Sol's shoulder. "I'm sure we'll find a better place."
Cas shook his head. "You don't understand."
Dean didn't even flinch.
"Hey, behave, you two!" He scolded lightly before leaving the room.
"So, what? Cas has been... br- breastfeeding him or something like that?" Jack didn't have to see Dean's face to imagine the flush on it. "Fine! It's weird! I find it weird! You win! Is that what you wanted to hear?"
"I will protect it with my life." He didn't like how everything was so new, his voice vibrating his throat and humming behind his ears.
"Io? Sweetheart, it's okay." Dean outstretched his arms, willing her to jump/flutter down into them. She had hidden herself well, and as her tiny face peered out at him her cheeks were stained with tears. She sniffled and dragged her hand across her nose.
The crisp, scrubbed-clean, fresh-from-the-rain air lilted and combed through the hair on his head, and chilled the water that was brimming on the edge of his lower eyelids, making his eyeballs feel like tiny balls of ice in his skull.
Cas nodded, and for the first time didn't resist as Dean softly pried the egg from his arms and sat it on the bed. "Alright, come here, I gotcha..." Dean helped to slowly lower him onto his stomach, careful not to move him too much so the cuts wouldn't re-open, and he pulled the blanket up over his bare back up to his shoulders. His bare skin shone a gorgeous, smooth color in the yellow lamplight. Like the rays of the setting sun reflecting off of sun-kissed skin, Dean thought. Cas sighed contently, his eyes fluttering closed.
"I don't know," Jack's voice warbled, and finally brought up the edge of his sleeve to press below his leaky nose and sniffed again. "I was just thinking about... how...
Chuck's cheeks reddened. "Please. I don't want a title."
"Don't overthink it." The angel mumbled very grumpily as Dean began to feel the sensation of Cas next to him fading away. Dean chuckled at how what he had said inadvertantly related to what he'd just been thinking about and he closed his eyes, just feeling his warmth.
"You love humans, it is very plain to me. It all started when you pulled a human who become very special to you from hell. Don't think of this as a flaw, Castiel, because it's exactly what I admire most about you." Chuck's voice flowed on softly. "Bees are much like humans. Humans are shut off in their own little hourglasses of life and can be gone to you and me in the blink of an eye, dedicating their lives to things that seem so trivial to us. But it would not be right for me to squish and kill that little bee."
"Mm." Cas hummed sleepily. Cas was even facing the other way too, it wasn't going to be weird. He just needed someone to watch over him for the night, right? And Dean could use some sleep too. It was just a friend caring for another friend, watching out for him.
The process advanced exponentially. He was coughing one day, the next he was violently sick. Dean threw up on his way to the bathroom behind a tree, stumbled and fell onto his knees in one of the stalls and retched. Yellow half-digested food floated in the water like pond scum. His head was spinning, and he rested it defeatedly on the lid with a pitiful moan.
Cas sighed and pulled the egg closer. "I know what I'm doing, Dean." He shot back.
He hid his face in a blanket and the angel next to him wrapped his arms around him as his shoulders shook up and down.
"You...what?" Dean said in disbelief.
His eyes opened just in time to see a little something pull themselves from the shell of the egg, moving olive-skinned limbs and making tiny noises. The fledgling had silvery wings, still downy and somewhat wet, and Dean gently scooped it into his arms.
"A little," Jack yawned and stretched his arms over his head. "I think I read the same paragraph five or six times, though."
"W-wings." The ex-angel stuttered out. Dean bit down on his teeth. What was he talking about?
He noticed Bobby was not saying anything. "Tobias? Bobby, are you okay?"
Dean looked over to see Cas standing in the middle of the room, his arms limply hanging to his side as his ill-fitting sleeves hung over his hands. He stared intensely at Dean, and Dean breathed a sigh of relief as the details began to fade away and his wings stiffened, drawing together and slipping away.
, earlier, I mean." Sam's hand had clenched into a fist. "He stomped that out of you. Made you hate who you are. Dad— dad was a homophobic asshole, Dean, I know you idolized him, but he was just-
"You're saying I stage a massive revolt by
me, Sam!" Chucked choked out. "I'll I've been doing is sitting on my ass my whole life and writing books!"
The ex-angel crossed his arms over the available space on his chest and frowned. "Did you get this for me as a joke? I am not seeing the humor, Dean." He said moodily.
He'd never realized until Cas possessed him that it felt a lot like he was alone in this huge, empty house. Cas softly breathed next to him and pulled himself up to rest his head on his chest. Dean smiled and snaked his arm around his back, liking that Cas was extremely warm but much lighter than a real human body would be, if it wasn't just the angel manipulating his mind to think someone was there.
