But Dean knows the other side of Cas, too, what he’s like when he trades his fed suit for a hoodie and an old pair of Dean’s sweatpants, how he is when he’s not angling for information but is instead curled up against Dean in their bed with reading glasses and sock feet.
be sure to check out the other fics in this bang! there's a wide variety of source material and ships :)
about it. This peace is better than anything his imagination could have cooked up. Beach vacations are great (and they’ve been on one now, swimming with turtles and digging their toes into the sand) but this, with a garden and a wrap-around porch, is lasting.
They had managed to snag a name from Castiel right before he left to go to the hospital, and that name was...
no air quotes, and then, in a small voice, Cas once added that he thought he himself was more human than angel now.)
And that’s what leaves Cas speechless. It’s not the kissing (although that was pretty damn good) or the sleeping together, it’s this—the bare admission that Dean cares and notices and is
Today’s a Saturday, which means that Dean will be in the kitchen making waffles for everyone when Castiel goes back inside, and Sam will have just come back from a run. Eventually they’ll end up piling into the Impala to go to the farmer’s market, where Dean will make fun of Cas for spending twenty minutes at the beekeeper’s tent before encouraging Cas to buy whatever honey he wants.
“Mmm-hmm.” Cas extended his wings to get more of the sun. It was supposed to rain for a week after this.
Sure, Dean had been nursing a pretty intense crush on his best friend for about three years now, but he had already accepted that how Cas felt and how he himself felt were two different things.
Dean told Cas about the car once, about a year ago, and Cas never asked any more questions about it, because Dean seemed bent up enough about it. Dean’s 1967 Chevy Impala is precious because it’s the car that crashed and gave Dean a reason to go to Grief Group.
“C’mere,” Cas says, and Dean gingerly picks his way across the attic, wondering what could be more important than shingles. “Look,” he adds, pointing, when Dean is next to him.
Sam comes back out and hands Dean a new beer. Dean pops the cap off on the edge of the porch railing and takes a sip before leaning back in his chair.
“Maybe I can just put a tarp over the hole until they’re gone,” Dean suggests, and then that smile is turned towards him, and, well, it’s not like Dean can do anything else now.
“Nope. That stuff is gross.” Dean coughs again. He’s been to hell. He’s stopped the apocalypse a couple of times. He’s defeated
Sam pulls a glossy black-and white picture from his pocket and Cas stares at it blankly until Sam clarifies. “It’s…an ultrasound. From Eileen.”
Dean thinks as he backs out of his parking spot that Cas will probably love to hear about Gloria, but when he gets back to their house, Cas is fast asleep in front of the television, a muted re-run of
“I’ll prove it to you. C’mon.” Elder seizes Castiel’s arm, though not rough enough to hurt him, and pulls him out of his chambers and into the hall.
Cas rolls over as best he can to get a good look at Dean, who grunts slightly but remains peacefully asleep.
Cas stood in his doorway and said with no preamble, “I’m sorry if I made you uncomfortable earlier.”
Before they can leave, though, Cas has to find his shoes (one is next to their bed, the other one is by to a bookshelf that Cas had been organizing this morning) and then the shopping list (it’s actually in Dean’s pocket because he anticipated this happening), and
“They’re outta town right now, but I’ll call Sam,” Dean says. “And….y’know what, Cas and I will definitely come.”
The next day, he runs into Dean in the bathroom. Dean leans against the sink while Castiel washes his hand. “And they’re
) told him there was a drive-in movie theater in Smith Center, Jack’s been begging to go. Tonight there was supposed to be a showing of
“Where’ve you been?” Castiel asks, holding out a bag of tomatoes for Dean to inspect. Dean gives them a nod.
The door swings open moments after Charlie kicked it to reveal Dean with a haggard expression on his face. He’s more well-dressed than usual, probably because of dinner, and it’s a bit jarring, since he normally looks a little bit like a lumberjack.
It was supposed to be a milk run, a standard salt-n-burn that he could have handled by himself (but Sam insisted that Cas needed to come along, to get practice). Instead, they got a nasty ghoul that decided to use Cas as a piñata, and Cas has now locked himself in the motel bathroom with a cut across his face and another down his arm that he won’t let Dean stitch up, because whenever he gets a reminder that his grace is gone, he shuts down.
“Fresh ground coffee is better, Cas.” Dean pours water into the coffee maker and shuts it, turning it on.
When Cas comes into the bathroom a few moments later and kisses Dean on the cheek before turning on the shower, Dean
“I searched that Puccini guy,” Dean says, “He died almost a hundred years ago, Cas. What...are you?”
“I wouldn’t dream of blaming you for anything.” Cas’ eyes are oddly bright, a small, rare smile on his face.
“Yeah,” Dean says, “I’ve got a pickup for Dean Winchester?” He turns around, cranes his head to find Cas, still looking at the socks. “You want me to get yours too, Cas?”
“Tell me, Cas,” Dean has him by the elbow again, is leading him back out of the venue, “What guy do you know that’s shy but nice, has dark hair and blue eyes, has two cats--and the cat’s names are Lily and Marigold?”
“Oh, uh...okay.” Cas had kinda hoped to get to hang out with Dean, but he’s okay on his own. He’s seen enough people today anyways, so it would be nice to catch a break. Right?
"Don't remind me. In the fall he'll be one of the pre-kindergarteners coming to my library." Cas sighed.
What she isn’t prepared for is, after being ushered back to one of the emergency suites, the sight of Dean.
They’re not exactly like his wings, long gone now, along with his angelic nature, but they’re close enough, and then pain of them healing is like finally getting closure on the pain of falling from grace.
(Sam was a little shocked when he walked into the library a few minutes later, but not really. He didn’t need Dean or Cas to tell him what had happened to figure out what had been going on for himself.)
Cas was naked. Completely naked. No boxers or briefs or whatever, just an expanse of lightly tanned skin and...well, it was impressive.
“Mornin’, sunshine,” Dean quipped, trying for jovial even as his heart pounded in his chest at Cas’ proximity. Cas smiled at him, wide and gummy.
“Yeah, buddy, trees.” Dean sets Jack down to actually pay for some broccoli, and by the time he’s finished shoving his change back in his wallet (and blushing profusely, because the farmer running this stand said the picture in it of him, Cas, and Jack was
Dean pushes Cas’s hands above his head, holds them there, and Cas starts to feel an unwelcome panic settling in, not just anxiety but...well, a feeling he doesn’t feel around Dean. He struggles out of Dean’s grasp, but Dean presses his hands down again, and Cas wrenches himself away.
Dean is standing in the kitchen, leaning on the counter, drinking a beer, staring into nothingness, or maybe something only he can see. He’s stiff, shoulders tense.
Dinner is enchiladas, made by Rufus, and Cas is starting to understand how Dean manages to make such good food all the time in their tiny apartment kitchen. If Cas was left to his own devices, he would probably be making bland pasta dishes by following some food blogger’s recipe to a T.
“I’ve come to keep you company,” Elder finally says, the door sliding shut behind him. “My father ordered it.”
Dean swallows and keeps going. “Things are hard without you, man. Jack comes by sometimes, but he’s busy trying to set things in order, doing all that kid-god stuff. And Sam has Eileen. I’m–I’m by myself.”
“You need to go to sleep,” Cas whispers, because he’s terrified, terrified and overjoyed, and maybe if they go to sleep now, this will have never happened.
(It probably helps that Sam calls him on Sunday and forces him to take a break. Sam’s met a girl--her name is Jess and she sounds pretty nice, but Dean knows that his little brother’s a twerp, so he’s keeping Jess in his thoughts. She'll need the support.)
Cas’s moves first, otherwise Dean would have broken Mick’s jaw. As it is, though, Cas’s aim is clumsy, and while blood spurts from Mick’s nose upon contact, Cas’s knuckles throb.
Before he can stop himself, Dean’s taking Cas’ hand in his, bringing their intertwined fingers up to his mouth. Cas stares at him curiously, a small smile forming.
Dean has it all meticulously organized on a color-coded, dry-erase calendar on the fridge, along with a matching one on his phone. Besides his grey thrift-store robe and his old car and his propensity for classic rock, it’s one of those things that just makes Dean
to Cas. As much as he resisted those words, despite what Meg had said this morning, he knew, somehow, in his bones.
later, as cas sinks into the bathwater, dean asks, handing him a washcloth, “how could a former angel be allergic to grass?”
Cas wants to base a character on him. Cas thinks he’s clever. Cas thinks he’s thought and caring. Cas thinks he has lovely eyes.
When he wakes up again, it’s for real, and he manages to sit up, aware of his surroundings. The last thing he remembered before breaking the surface was trying to keep tears from pricking his eyes as the cryo-chambers were sealed.
It’s not that Jack isn’t behaving well–it’s that he’s a bit boisterous, compared to the other kids, and while everyone else quietly colors, he’s practically driving the crayons into his paper.
“Nope,” she replied, pretending to pour more “tea” into his plastic teacup. “Not until he brings out the big guns.”
“Okay, okay.” Dean’s smile is warm as he pulls Cas in and kisses, right in the middle of the foodcourt, in front of the Panda Express and the Pizza Hut and the families with crying toddlers and the high school track teams fresh off a meet.
What had stopped Cas, when he got to the bathroom, was the litter of products across the sinks–Jack’s bubblegum toothpaste and Batman toothbrush (because Dean had convinced him that Batman is the coolest superhero), Dean’s minty mouthwash, half-empty, with green residue underneath it from where it had sloshed, Sam’s aftershave (he’s grown out quite the nice beard), Eileen’s hairbrush (new, because the last one accidentally got dropped in the toilet).
“Alright. Well, don’t make it a big deal, no flowers and streamers and shit. Just tell ‘em how you feel and see what they say.”
“Not in…over two years,” Cas said, pressing his hands flat to the table. “Dean, this is a lot of questions.”
Before doubt and nerves set in, Cas pulls his phone out of his pocket and snaps a picture of the note. He sends it to Dean with the caption
to curse in front of his toddler. Jack had called Emma a “fucking baby” last month and Emma absolutely lost it.
That part leads his fingers to trail down Dean’s neck towards the collar of his shirt, fiddling with the buttons. His nerves are still there, though, and he only manages to make it through two of them before Dean finishes the job and then divests Cas of his shirt, in kind.
It was clear when Cas was still lying in bed, drifting in and out of sleep when he wasn’t being plied with some horrendous herbal tea that Dean had found shoved in the back of the cabinet, at noon that dinner was out of the question. Dean felt panic swirling in his stomach, both for Cas’ well-being and for his proposal plans.
The house is suspiciously quiet when Cas returns home from work. Typically, Dean’s home before him, blasting music, or the TV is playing with Sesame Street while Jack babbles along to it on the couch. But today there’s complete and utter silence.
need patching, and Dean wants to assess if there are any fixes needed inside or if it’s mostly cosmetic.
and now they’re sitting in a pew. Dean tries not to fidget, but he’s never really been in a church except to gank monsters.
Dean follows him and emerges a few minutes later, sans Cas, so Charlie decides to abandon the game of Life that Sam and Benny are trying to start in favor of finding Cas.
exists, but then again, Cas has always gone old-school), and Dean had consented under the conditions that they do something
“Mick.” Cas takes a deep breath and tries to remember not to be a small rug that one puts in front of a door to wipe their shoes on. “I told you that we don’t have alcohol in our apartment.”
Cas doesn’t emerge from his and Dean’s room until after Benny’s arrived with beer and Meg’s brought more board games–Dean has to coax him out. Charlie thinks that Dean was right; things didn’t go well. Cas’s eyes are rimmed red and he’s got an arm around Dean like he might fall over.
was starting to crash down on him, especially the past few months. He’d woken in a cold sweat with the love of his goddamn life curled around him like the world’s grumpiest koala, and instead of just pulling Cas somehow even closer and going back to sleep, he’d been hit with the fact that
“Thought I left you at home,” Dean says. Cas is a children’s book author, so while Dean gets covered in grease and oil at the garage, Cas is in his office at their house, writing stories about talking dogs and magical plants.
“It was alright,” Castiel replies, “I came into the office, of course, to check on some data, since there’s less than two weeks left in the expedition...went to the dog park with Miracle, watched some television…” He shrugs. “Not much.”
It’s still hard to pay attention, though. Sure, they’ve hung out, but it’s always been on campus–in the quad by the fountain, in the library behind the archives, in the union’s food court, talking about Isaac Asimov between bites of fast food lo mein.
He vaguely remembers learning something in high school physics about whiplash. Then he notices that his head hurts.
Security is a breeze, thank god, and then Cas goes to the bathroom and nearly loses Dean because he went in search of snacks and found caramel popcorn. Eventually they make it over to their gate and plop down in two available chairs. Dean starts crunching on his caramel popcorn, jiggling his leg nervously while Cas scrolls through the news on his phone before reaching out a hand and placing it on Dean’s thigh. Dean’s leg stops shaking.
But tonight, as always, his resolve starts to slip. This has happened before–Cas sits too close to him on game night, tangles their feet while they’re studying together in the library, has a little too much to drink at parties and leans heavily on Dean. And Dean lets him, because he doesn’t think he can get anything else.
eats some stale popcorn, and decides to give up and call it a night at about ten pm. For once, he sort of wishes he was with his friends, getting drunk and overanalyzing vapid TV shows.
They take the subway downtown instead of Dean’s car because according to Dean parking is a “bitch,” and he doesn’t want his Baby getting dinged–Cas has always found Dean’s devotion to his ‘67 Chevy Impala both endearing and annoying in turn.
The walk to the restaurant is a quiet one—at least for Cas. Everyone else is talking excitedly about panels they saw and presentations and what the best bars are here in Boston, but Cas is, as per usual, inside his own head.
) over the nearest piece of furniture as soon as they got there, but instead he was exhausted, immediately flopping onto the queen-sized bed.
“Yep.” Cas sits next to Dean, on their porch swing that Dean and Jack spent a memorable Saturday afternoon a couple months ago hanging–Cas got banned from helping because he got sidetracked by the different kinds of tools and has never learned to actually listen to Dean.
When Dean turns to stand next to Cas, slinging an arm around his shoulders (Cas has gotten ridiculously tan, whereas Dean’s freckles have decided to form an army), he sees why Jack dragged him out of the hammock at Cas’s behest.
Cas is suddenly very aware of where he is, aware of the fact that it’s not just a blanket wrapped around him, but Dean, his breathing steady and warm on Cas’s neck, arms loose around Cas’s middle.
Castiel has seen Dean carry this notebook around, doodling in it, writing in it, all the time. At diners, in motel rooms, in the car if, for once, he lets Sam drive–and Castiel has wondered what is in it, because it’s something that didn’t exist before Hell, so he doesn’t know what it contains.
“Thanks,” Dean replies with one of his patented Dean Winchester grins, different from him smiling because there’s less warmth and more spice.
“I--” Cas was still staring. “Oh my god. Just a second.” He pulled his phone out and dialed a number. “Hey, Gabe.” Oh, so he was calling his brother. “Are Dean and I together?” Cas pulled his phone away from his face. “Gabe says we are, and also that we’re both idiots.”
Cas nods. Dean has sleep jammed into the corners of his eyes and his hair, which he’s gotten into the habit of letting grow a little bit longer, is sticking up, and he’s looking at Cas with this small, soft smile, and Cas loves him, loves him, loves him.
Dean’s been watching him work in the garden at their old-new house, has brought him water (Cas often forgets that he has to actually stay hydrated now), has made countless trips to the hardware store and garden center, with and without Cas. He’s listened to Cas rhapsodize about his flowers and other plants, and now, Dean watches as Cas carefully waters his seedlings.
“Normally, I never even celebrate my birthday. I mean, I did at Stanford, but besides that…just didn’t think about it. But now—“ another gulp, “—Now I’m already thinking about next year. Like I know I’m gonna get older.”
There’s a memory, dancing at the edge of Cas’ vision, a memory of standing bloody in a phone booth, dialing Dean’s number by heart, running on empty, running on stolen grace.
“Okay, grumpy. Move over.” Dean throws himself on the couch next to Cas without waiting to see if Cas will actually move.
Cas looks down at the sweatshirt and flannel pants he’s been wearing for the past three days. “Fine.”
Dean eventually stops smelling the coffee to snag Cas by the arm and pull him in. “Thanks, sweetheart,” he says, kissing him on the cheek–Cas moves his head to catch Dean’s lips with his own.
The sunlight dapples the water, and there’s a familiar background buzz, the sound of the water and the trees surrounding it. Dean reels in, casts, reels in, casts, almost gets something but ends up just having to re-bait the hook, and casts again before he hears footsteps behind him. He doesn’t have to turn around to know that it’s Cas.
Cas doesn’t necessarily mark his years by January first anymore, none of them do, but it’s nice to have a reason to celebrate--and the whole world is celebrating tonight.
“Do you like it?” Dean asks softly after a few moments, and Cas doesn’t think he can answer without crying, so he just leans into Dean’s arms and nods against his chest.
“It was either a jilted lover or Natalie herself,” Dean replies, “That’s always how those books go.”
“They’re here,” Cas says, and everyone scrambles to go hide from the windows while Dean and Cas answer the door.
sugar and cinnamon all over the counter. Emma is hard at work rolling the snickerdoodle dough into balls, then into the cinnamon sugar before putting them on the pan. Meanwhile, Claire is attempting to wrangle some of the dirty dishes into the dishwasher.
“Correct me if I’m wrong…” Dean walks in and leans over Cas’s shoulder, “But your paper on this book isn’t due for two weeks.”
“Well, good morning to you too, sunshine. Toast?” Dean offers the side of the plate with the jelly-covered pieces of toast to Cas.
“Better than fine.” Dean turns off the burners at the stove and serves up the spaghetti. He sits down and they eat in silence for a few minutes until he says, “So have you thought about what you want to do tomorrow?”
He wasn’t quite drifting off, because angels don’t need sleep, but he was in a comfortable trance when he heard the familiar sound of boots stomping towards him. Cas didn’t bother to lift his head as he said, “Hello, Dean.”
notes for this epilogue: in NCIS canon, tony and ziva were no longer with team gibbs by the time 2015 rolled around. however. I do what I want, and so they're here. and together because I couldn't *not* have a tiva moment. anyways <3
(Dean was also gaining a pretty awesome sister-in-law, and he couldn’t wait to continue teasing Sam in tandem with her. But they had to get married first.)
“You can hate me later,” Elder says, “when you actually know me.” Unbidden, he sits down next to Castiel on the bed, making the lumpy mattress dip.
But the room was colder than he expected without the tempering power of his grace, and the loneliness was greater, too. Cas longed to be held, to just
“Who is this?” the man asks. His gaze is cold and affronting, and Castiel does his best not to cow underneath it.
Dean falls asleep almost immediately after that, his head lolling forward onto Cas’ chest, but that renders Cas incapable of sleeping, because now Dean is
"Sorry about shoving snow down your shirt," Cas said as he finished scrubbing the grilled cheese pan.
The night of the ball, he finds himself standing in front of his bathroom mirror at his apartment, adjusting his jacket--navy blue with slightly shiny lapels, it had seemed nice at the store--and his best-fitting slacks. He attempts to flatten his dark hair in vain, and then gives up. Castiel makes sure his cats have enough water in their dishes and heads out.
He leans in, kisses the tears away. Dean’s skin is warm and salty and when Cas turns his attention to Dean’s mouth, Dean instantly folds.
Dean always gives more than he takes, even when kissing, and he’s pouring something into Cas right now. His mouth is impossibly soft and warm, and Cas marvels for a moment about how someone like Dean can seem so standoffish but be so gentle, hold Cas so carefully.
he really is, but if he upsets someone, then they might have something to say about it, and Mick has proven himself to be rude, which means--
“Maybe this’ll help.” Cas pulls him into a kiss, still tasting slightly of cinnamon, and Dean quickly forgets the near-fiasco that this night was.
It was a routine hunt. Ghoul, easy. Dean got a couple of scrapes, but he’s had worse. Still, Cas tried to do what he’s always done, reach out a hand to heal, and then he remembered that he can’t do that anymore, not with grace, anyways, and, well.
Cas before. “And not just to…help us or be useful or anything. I need you because you’re my best friend.” Still wrong–or, not false, but not true enough.
Jack talks all the time about monsters–he’s obsessed with them, and says there are people that hunt them, that he wants to be a monster hunter when he grows up.
They get naked a lot faster than Cas anticipated—mostly because there’s something a little bit weird about only wearing dress pants—but then Dean says
Cas lolls his head to face Dean, and he’s close. So close. Too close. Close enough that Dean could push Cas’s hair out of his eyes for him. Cas’s spider lashes blink at him.
Eventually, breakfast is ready, and Jack reveals it with a flourish–a platter of very pink pancakes. “They’re strawberry,” Jack says to the chorus of raised eyebrows.
“Take this,” Dean says, his hand snaking out from under the car again. Cas takes the weird black thing from his hand and then drops it on his lap in surprise.
He’d thought about it, of course, but every time he considered it his father’s face swam in front of him, covered in tears, and then his mother Naomi’s face behind Chuck’s, grim and set.
The air around them feels warm and thick, and Cas has no idea what they’re doing. They keep doing this, and he wants it to mean something (it has to mean something), but he’s too afraid to ask, even as Dean reels him in by his hand, pausing an inch from his face.
He gets out, of course–farmer’s market, grocery store, public library, the park, occasional longer trips to visit other towns (memorably, they once went to a roller rink and Dean fell flat on his ass within ten seconds of putting his skates on. It was hilarious.)
for movie night, and then Cas spends the whole damn movie telling him other facts about the animals that he knows from his time as an angel.
Sam nodded. “Dean...Dean’s a little rough around the edges, but he had to do a lot of taking care of me when we were growing up. He’s friendly and caring, always down for a party or a laugh...and fiercely protective of things he cares about."
Finally, class is over, and everyone starts packing up and chattering. Dean doesn’t say anything at first as he shoves his notebook into his backpack, but then he glances over at Cas. “You don’t have to say yes,” Dean says. “It was just an idea.” His cheeks are red.
“Oh, shit. The bake sale!” Dean springs off the couch before pointing at his eldest daughter. “No swearing.”
She expects to see Commander Winchester’s freckled face peering through the screen, but instead it’s another American astronaut that Charlie somewhat recognizes—Meg Masters.
Dean tries to pilfer one of the finished hashbrowns, and Bobby swats his hand away. “Wash your hands first.” Bobby then turns to Cas. “Sleep okay, Cas?”
Dean snakes an arm around Cas, just as the woman looks up, and her face brightens. “Oh, Cas! You didn’t tell me
—had reminded Dean of how high the stakes were. It wasn’t just about the $80,000 reward—it was also about not getting arrested.
Once they’re in the car, Dean puts the keys in the ignition, but he’s stopped from starting it by Cas’ hand. Cas gives him a searching look and then gently, gently puts his hand on Dean’s cheek and kisses him, soft and slow.
A couple of weeks later, after the move to the new offices has happened and everyone is settled in, Castiel invites Kevin and Charlie over for dinner. Having Dean back in the house clearly makes him more jovial, because he jokes during the invite that he is “already happily in a relationship, so there’s no need to ask,” and Charlie nearly rejects the invite, remembering her faux pas at drinks, but then Kevin reminds her that if they go to their boss’s house, they’ll get to meet Miracle.
The last weekend before finals and then, finally, summer break, everyone else is out at the bars, but Cas doesn’t drink and Dean wants to spend the last Friday night of freshman year with Cas, so they’ve got tickets to the drive-in movie theater on the outskirts of town.
Dean rolls to face Cas, presses a gentle kiss to his forehead. “One day I’m gonna find you a place to live with windows.”
Today is no different–Dean’s arms wrap around Cas’ waist, his chin dropping over Cas’ shoulder, his familiar warmth encircling Cas from behind.
“Stop messing with your tie,” Dean says, reaching out to fix it where Cas has made it askew. “Trust me, you got this.
This morning, though, it had all come to a head. Dean had tried to make a joke at breakfast about something dumb, he couldn’t even remember what it was, and Cas had stomped out of the room (which was kind of depressing to watch, since he was on crutches).
“If I don’t,” Dean says, “He’ll never leave me the fuck alone. And this is the last time, like I said.”
Then the fucker just got up from the table and left, and Dean couldn’t focus on anything for the rest of the afternoon.
“You’ve got something on your face,” Dean says to Jack when he walks into the kitchen with a smear of chocolate across his cheek.
Because if they’re still just best friends whose lives are inexplicably intertwined, then they are…themselves. But if they’re making out in their kitchen, Dean’s hands snaking up Cas’ back, Cas with his hands on Dean’s waist (he’s not really sure how they got there), then there’s a new chance for fracture.
Because Dean isn’t that kind of guy, and never has been. Dean is a thoughtful, conscientious sort of guy. He’s always opening doors for people, doing the most to cheer people up, and he’s even better when no one but Cas can see him. Dean likes to make pancakes on the weekends, play Monopoly because it’s Cas’ favorite game—even if he himself hates it—and delights in letting people know that something reminded him of them.
Dean’s hand dips below the band of his briefs, and the first touch is gentle, with Dean’s mouth still on his jaw. Cas wants to ask for
“Dude, get off your phone.” Dean shoves Cas’s shoulder, but Cas ignores him and continues tapping away at the screen.
“Okay. C'mere, kiddo.” Dean helps Jack climb onto the couch and then pulls the toddler into his lap.
“I’m fine,” Dean grumbles, and Cas wonders if he should press. He knows that he himself likes to be asked when something’s wrong, likes to be able to spill out his emotions. But Dean sometimes withdraws.
Dean twists around in his seat to look–Jack, strapped into his car seat, is fiddling with the clip at the bottom of his frog-shaped sunhat.
“Well, no shit.” There’s no malice in Dena’s tone, though, his fingers sliding over the wide, wing-shaped tattoo on Cas’ back.
“Wow,” Castiel says. He remembers a few years ago, helping Claire out, and how quickly Claire and Dean cottoned onto each other. And stories he’s heard from before he knew the Winchesters (sometimes it’s hard to believe there was a time in his life before them) where kids had been involved on a hunt and Dean saved the day.
Cas’s cock brushes up against Dean’s cheek, and Cas reaches out for Dean, any part of him he can touch.
“Thanks.” Cas took his seat at their minuscule kitchen table, took a sip of his orange juice, and then took a look at his plate before promptly spitting it out.
Just as Dean is turning to walk to the subway station and head back to his apartment, he sees a familiar figure in a black trench coat with dark, messy hair standing by a shop window next to the bar.
Because the answer is yes, right? There’s no way they would be that close otherwise. Sure, Kevin and Charlie are good friends that work together, but they do
“He said he ‘totally knew how I felt because his grandma had been in a fender bender.’” Benny sighs. “And I guess it kind of reminded me why I don’t talk about it, cuz they just try to compare it to something they know.”
By the time Dean is done helping Jo secure some fake dryer fronts to set pieces, everyone else has arrived, including, Dean is pleased to see, Castiel.
“I thought Jackson was going to be more of a main character,” she says, “But it seems like Caleb is taking the reins.”
Cas goes outside, in his pajamas, with the damp grass wetting his feet. The sun has just begun to peek over the horizon, casting soft, golden rays over the landscape, over Cas, were anyone else there to see it.
Cas isn’t in the room, which is, well...not a good sign. Dean’s awake, though, and he isn’t hooked up to any machines.
Cas sighs and burrows deeper into his blanket. They’re on opposite ends of the couch, feet touching, intimate despite the distance. He’s been hiding from this, not because he’s scared, because this was
Cas takes a deep breath and picks up his phone, not even having to look at the numbers to dial. The call picks up on the second ring.
(Dean is always disparaging Cas’ inability to neatly stack freshly laundered towels, but Cas’ theory is that he can find the towels, so it’s not
His calm doesn’t last for long, though; as soon as the plane starts its steady roll down the runway, picking up speed for flight, Dean’s white-knuckling the armrest. Cas holds out his hand, palm-up.
Cas has to think back thousands of years, but he has an answer at the ready. “A long time ago,” he starts, only it’s not quite so long for him, or maybe it is, now that he’s spent so much time on Earth, “I was in a village. Egypt, I think. The geography wasn’t important at the time. And there was a little girl. She was…quite ill. She had been kidnapped and beaten, and when her family got her back, she was alive but didn’t wake up.”
Very quietly, Cas creeps down the hall to see that it’s Jack’s room, and when he peers around the doorway, Jack is sitting on the floor in his cowboy footie pajamas (a Dean purchase), holding his teddy bear tight. Miracle has draped curled herself around him and is snoring.
Cas relegates himself to sitting on the toilet lid, staring at the tub, his towel draped over his lap. It’s--
Dean and Cas exchange a glance. They can’t exactly tell this nice, church-going eighty-five year old woman, with her perfectly coiffed grey curls and little pink cardigan, that Cas pulled Dean out of hell, so Dean goes with the first answer he can think of.
“Dean? Jack?” Cas calls through the house. Dean’s car is still in the driveway, so they probably didn’t go anywhere, and if they walked to the park, surely Dean would shoot Cas a text.
“He’s different in person,” Tony commented as they watched Dean get wheeled in by Castiel, Sam hovering close behind. “More...shrunken?”
“You look like you swallowed a lemon,” Meg comments when Cas sits down next to her at their shared eight am--Intro to Biology, a gen ed course that they both neglected to take until junior year--on Monday.
Dean was woken up far earlier than usual by the sound of Cas next to him in their bed, coughing like he was about to hack up a lung. Dean sat up and rolled over, pressing a hand to his forehead, to discover that Cas was burning up.
They rode as hard and fast as they thought they could get away with—or, as fast as Dean thought they could get away with. Even when they weren’t schlepping contraband beer across the country, Cas was always the more careful driver, and Dean liked to push the limits, like right now. He eyed the Impala’s speedometer and kept his foot on the gas. He’d been in fourth gear for most of the trip, and he didn’t see that changing until they got back to Atlanta.
“Okay, okay.” Dean ditches the snacks and slides across the bench seat to lean his head on Cas’s shoulder. “I’ll just bug the shit out of her in thanks.”
for the first time last week and was just as obsessed as Claire was with it) but it occurred to her that they had been left undisturbed for a weirdly long time. She was just about to suggest to her brother that maybe they
When they got to the lieutenant's hospital room at Sibley Memorial, Dean was sitting up, bags under his eyes and a thin hospital gown on. His face lit up when he saw his brother and partner.
(This was discovered after a semi-traumatizing dentist’s visit, because all of them needed it, but Cas was horrified to have someone put their hands in his mouth.)
He kisses Dean right there, in the middle of the market, and then again in the car, and then again when they get back to the bunker, and then again and again and again.
Dean watches Cas get in the car, but then he grabs the door before Cas can shut it and pulls Cas in by the front of his hoodie, kissing him before letting him go and shutting the door. He waves at Cas as he backs out of the parking spot and doesn’t return to Jo and Charlie until he can’t see the Continental anymore.
(In the middle of the night, Dean wakes up, still on the couch, to the sound of Cas’s even breathing and Jack’s snuffed up sniffles, the TV now playing informercials. He smiles to himself before falling right back asleep.
Cas turned his head to look at Dean, and Dean looked back into those eyes, bluer than blue (how was that color even possible?). “Dean, how many times have we--Sam included--screwed things up?”
(Dean also knows that one of those pictures Eileen takes will probably end up being his screensaver within the next forty-eight hours.)
care. Now if you’ll excuse me, I have things to do.” Sam hears loud footsteps, and then Cas coming into his room next to Sam’s and slamming the door. Then he hears the TV turn on in the living room--classic Dean, watching a western instead of talking it out.
When Gibbs walked into the interrogation room carrying a manilla folder, Daphne was sitting at the cold metal table, her arms crossed and eyes downcast. She looked up as she entered and frowned.
“Hey, hey, no need to apologize to me.” Dean clears his throat. “I shoulda…this one’s on me, okay? I shoulda called someone else to take care of it, or gotten back-up when we realized how many there were.” He takes a deep breath and reaches his hand across the table to Cas’s, gently tangles their fingers together.
“You’re awake,” a voice replies, and Castiel turns to see a woman in a drab grey-and-blue uniform. “Good.”
While Cas scrolls endlessly through Netflix, hoping to find something else that Dean will consent to watch, Dean continues his ongoing, week-long diatribe about the break-up.
Gibbs turned to the doctor, who was hovering in the corner of the room. “Would it be okay to transport him to NCIS? I think he needs to talk to our forensic analyst.”
Breakfast does end up getting cold, because they get sidetracked, but with the coffee on the side and Dean’s arm slung over his shoulder as they eat on the couch, Cas doesn’t mind.
I can't believe that this is the end! I had so much fun writing this fic, and I wanted to thank all of you who followed along for the past couple of months immensely. I didn't expect such an enthusiastic response to Winchester in Love, and it really has meant a lot <3
Dean presses one last kiss to Cas’ mouth before letting him go, and Cas can’t help but smile as he removes the tea bag from his mug and adds in the right proportions of cream and honey, stirring them in.
They walk to the back edge of their property, where it meets the muddy creek that divides them from their neighbors, hand in hand. Cas is holding the mason jar with his grace in his free hand.
also I've been binge re-watching community recently so there are some homages to the show in here xp
about you, honey,” she says, the flowers on her big Easter hat bobbing, and Dean is fairly certain her name is Tracy. “Cas is always talking about his family.”
Dean chooses that moment to come into the kitchen and see why his kinda-kids are having a party at five in the morning. “I’ll see if I can put a good word in,” he says, reaching out to ruffle Jack’s hair.
He hears footsteps behind him and then there’s Dean, with another mug of tea in one hand and blankets draped over his arm.
And that’s that, isn’t it? If Dean’s kid and husband are going, all bets are off, so Dean lets out a laborious sigh. “Fine. I’ll go. But I’m not wearing a suit.”
“To see Abby and the lieutenant, I guess,” Ziva said. “And he’s right, this is the best we’ve got right now.”
For one, it’s too loud, cars honking at each other on the cramped roads, pedestrians talking, people hawking things on the sidewalk. For another, they didn’t drive here, which means that he feels trapped. The only way out is a date and time four days from now printed on his train ticket because like hell was he going to fly.
(Unofficially. Sororities aren’t allowed to host parties as part of their code or something. Meg attempted to explain it to Dean two weeks ago and he completely zoned out.)
“Dude,” Meg says, “The bagel was for you.” Even so, she gets an arm around his neck before rushing off.
Dean crowds Cas against the counter, and Cas kisses him back, even though it sort of seems like a bad idea.
“Oh, I’m gonna,” Dean replies, and they both laugh, and Cas feels weirdly, deliriously happy. He kisses Cas again, and Cas lets himself fall into it until his tiredness catches up to him.
“It’s his car,” Castiel said, in the long-suffering tone that one uses with loved ones that exasperate them, and Abby laughed again before gasping.
aware of his existence. But today is one of those days that Cas drifts until affirmations at the end, and then fully comes up for air when Meg tugs on his arm.
“So what?” Dean frowns at Cas, although it’s difficult, what with the twinkle he can see in the other guy’s eye.
Meg is just walking out of Architecture Hall when her phone rings. It takes her nearly to the last ring to find it, buried at the bottom of her backpack, but once she finally dislodges it from where it’s crammed between two binders, it’s Cas.
At first, Dean doesn’t do anything different--he keeps kissing Cas, their lips sliding together, but then he reaches one of his hands down, trails past Cas’s cock (Cas is starting to understand how badly someone can
Dean is touchy--he always has been, especially with Cas--so it’s hard to tell if he’s being more tactile now or not. But they did
? about the bathroom seven or eight times (and then they all go anyways), these mundane things aren’t the most fun.
And are there not pockets of heaven on earth, as they are right now, while Castiel sits in the back garden of his home (no longer heaven, but instead a two-story house with a wrap-porch and peeling white paint and floorboards that creak and say
“I hope…” Castiel sighs. “I don’t have a choice in the matter. I just hope that this Dean is kind. And caring. That he thinks of others. I might not love him, but then at least we could be friends. Maybe I could be happy.” He shrugs. “But I’m not sure that I deserve to be happy.”
alert Cas to his wakefulness, but he likes having a moment to watch–Cas takes a sip from his water bottle, fiddles with the radio’s volume dial, sticks an arm out the open window, runs a hand through his now-greying hair. After a few minutes, he glances over at Dean, as if he’s been doing it regularly, just to check-in, and a smile tugs at the corner of his lips when he sees that Dean’s awake.
get it. The smile on Cas’ face was worth how much of a fool Dean felt like carrying it around the store.)
The snow was already halfway up to Jack's shins, but Jack didn't seem to mind, throwing himself face-first into the ground and then rolling over, laughing, his cheeks tinged red with cold.
“You’re not big enough to do that yet,” Dean says in what can only be described as a “baby voice,” although he strictly uses it when no one else is watching, which means he hasn’t noticed Cas in the doorway.
Dean clears his throat. Cas is attractive and friendly (in his own way) and--off limits. “Well, how are things at the opera house?”
Their first kiss could be construed as an accident, a one-off--Dean tells Cas he’s heading to the grocery store, does Cas want to go with him? And Cas says no, and then, oddly enough, leans in to kiss Dean on the cheek, and without thinking Dean turns his head to kiss Cas properly.
they have before, except now their whole friend group is watching, and Dean’s stomach clenches, but then everyone scatters, so Dean just grabs Cas by the hoodie sleeve and pulls him to his bedroom.
“Wings? Harp?” Cas replies, using his free hand to mimic some of Dean’s gestures from years passed, getting a laugh out of Dean. “Sometimes. It was nice being able to heal with a touch. To be able to see your soul. To not have to drive to get everywhere”–Dean lightly jerks Cas’s arm and Cas laughs–“but I do like it here.” He squeezes Dean’s hand, and Dean’s stomach untwists.
However, before everyone comes after me with pitchforks, there is one more chapter that posts next Thursday! And maybe, just maybe, things will look up.
Dean’d be lying if he said he wasn’t anticipating this moment, when Cas would decide that he didn’t like being a stupid kinda-human-but-not-an-angel on Earth with Dean when he could be up in Heaven, fully juiced. Dean loves their new house, an easy drive from the bunker for when they need supplies and, unlike the bunker, full of sunshine and possessing a wrap-around porch, but it’s probably not good enough.
They finished washing the dishes in comfortable silence. Once the last plate was balanced on the drying rack next to the sink, Dean turned to Cas. "What do you say we get some rest, too?"
Halfway through grief group on Monday afternoon, Cas starts to wonder if he should really go home with Dean this weekend.
It takes about ten minutes of waiting to get up to the hotel’s front desk, but finally they’re going to get their room keys.
“You didn’t sleep again, did you?” Dean asks, rolling over to be closer to Cas, forcing Cas to release his hand. It’s alright, though, because a moment later the contact comes back in the form of Dean’s arms around him.
“Don’t Ask, Don’t Tell. I know that not all people in the military follow it--some find out and never report it, and it’s not a problem--but it’s hard to be sure, so Dean and I made a point not to tell anyone, just in case.”
She also is accidentally privy to more video calls between the commander and her boss, and it’s at the end of the week, when there are only a couple of days before the expedition 66 team (well, those who aren’t staying on over to expedition 67) return.
Cas ignores them and removes himself from the blanket he’s sharing with Dean. It occurs to him that maybe it
They always do the dishes together–Cas prefers to rinse and dry because he doesn’t like to touch all the food bits–and then it’s off to whatever their day is filled with.
“But you’re gonna.” Dean turns to stage-whisper at Cas. “He’s also the smartest fucking teenager you’ll ever meet.”
Dean’s hand finds his cock again, and it occurs to Cas that if he’s gonna get what he wants, he’ll have to ask for it soon, or else this’ll all be over. And it feels safe to ask, here in Dean’s room, dimly lit, familiar.
“Aren’t orchids hard to grow?” Sam had asked when he saw Cas’s potted plant on Dean and Cas’s kitchen island.
Except one vampire had turned into a nest of vampires, and Cas’s slight wobbliness as a human had turned into him practically bleeding out on the floor of an abandoned house. Dean wasn’t even sure how he’d managed to patch Cas up, besides the fact that he was
because c’mon, it’s just good parenting to show your kids the classics) and Claire, despite her grumpiness, loves to work with Cas in their garden, and they go to the park, or to get ice cream, and Dean always tries to save up vacation days at the auto shop so they can go on a week-long, cross-country road trip each summer.
Claire took a slice of pizza and took a look around at her family. Yeah, the other girls at school probably thought there were “cooler” people to hang out with, but who else would want to have a treehouse slumber party with her
Cas was, of course, still Cas, and so instead of talking more he just took Dean’s hand in his own, interlacing their fingers, and rubbed his thumb slowly over the back of Dean’s hand.
Cas doesn’t answer, just gives Dean time to figure out what he wants to say next. That’s one thing that Cas
Cas lets Dean hang up and sets his phone face-down on the counter. He adds the cream to his coffee and goes to stand out on the front porch as the thunder rolls in.
“They’re so sweet,” Cas says, just about reverently, and Dean stops thinking about fixing the roof to actually look at Cas.
“I told you he would come around,” Dean says, before leaning down to kiss Castiel’s forehead. “I’ll make breakfast.”
, was in Cas’s truck, because it belongs to Cas–he found it at a thrift store a couple weeks after coming back and and bought it for fifty cents.
“Feels like this was longer than three days,” Dean says as they wait for their boarding group to be announced.
(It’s when he finally lets his guard down that he realizes no amount of hiding could have kept him away from the life. It’s when his older brother’s face is over him with a grin after break into his apartment. It’s when the party’s over, when he says
Dean knows he’s just absorbing–apparently the encyclopedic nature of Cas’s mind didn’t leave when his grace did–and that over lunch Cas will gush about whatever they’ve seen. He threads his arm through Cas’s, finds Cas’s hand and holds it, and Cas’s brow softens a little, the corner of his mouth quirking up even though he doesn’t stop reading.
Normally, Cas wakes up to the sound of the coffeemaker and Dean listening to the morning news. Today, though, their apartment is quiet–almost
It’s barely nine in the morning, and he’s already overslept, burnt his breakfast, was late to work and–
“Mmm?” Cas turned toward him, his eyes drooping with tiredness. He was definitely going to need more cough medicine and sleep after this.
“What kind of IPAs do you have?” Castiel asks Max, and for a moment Charlie thinks she might have to hold her jaw shut. Kevin raises an eyebrow at her.
“And now,” Elder says, taking him up one of the Godspeed’s gleaming elevators once again, “the fourth level. If my father catches us up here, I’m never going to hear the end of it.”
Right now, Cas is trying to tell him a story about a zoo trip he took in elementary school, but he keeps stumbling over the word “elephant.”
preferences in the bedroom that don’t include types of blankets or spooning, but Dean’s eating breakfast and if he thinks about
. Dean had requested that he never bring up Jimmy again in their marital bed. It kinda ruined the mood.)
“I bet there’s weed in here!” someone crows, and Dean sighs. His perfect party oasis has been invaded by the….what time is it? He looks at his phone--two am. The two am crowd.
Cas turns and spots Dean with a small smile on his face. He wipes his hands on his jeans as he crosses the room with the big stingray pool.
“Not on purpose!” Charlie rolls her eyes. “You won’t believe what I just heard, though. The commander says he’s
“Cas, I swear you’d lose your head if it wasn’t attached to you,” Dean says, finding the keys to Cas’ truck underneath one of his cookbooks in the bunker’s kitchen for the third time this week.
“Can you remember that?” Dean asked Cas. One of them could have typed it into the notes app on their phone, but he didn’t want to freak anyone out. Cas nodded. Dean flipped through the book again--he had an idea of what they could say when they called Lyman. “Memorize this one, too,” Dean said, reading the number out to Cas.
Dean had stared up at Cas, who seemed to be able to read exactly what he’d seen from his expression (because of course Cas could, Cas knew Dean better than anyone). Cas had snatched his phone back and straight-up left the apartment.
There’s a vast, empty silence in the room as Castiel contemplates what Dean has told him. He wants to ask follow-up questions, figure out what, exactly, Dean means by what he’s said, but it’s rare that Dean is so open and calm about it, and Castiel doesn’t want to break the spell. He wants Dean to, what’s the phrase? Level with him.
“Exactly. So our schedule was a lot different than mission control in Houston, and from bases in the other countries. But generally our days were filled with maintenance, checking the experiments that had been sent up with us, and relaying information to mission control and the science team. We had a little time for fun, though, too.”
Cas checked out the book the movie is based on, by Michael Chabon, from the library over the summer and read it in a couple of hours, feverishly, and then laid on his bed in abject silence for the rest of the day. That’s the only way Cas can read books these days—he has to know if there’s a happy ending, so he finishes it in one sitting.
Outside, a storm rages, rain beating at the eaves of the house, wind ripping through the trees, thunder cracking, the occasional spark of lighting in the sky. Before, when Cas was an angel, he could protect his family if anyone got hurt as a result of the storm. Now, though, he’s human like the rest of them, as susceptible to dying as the man asleep next to him.
If Cas were having this conversation with anyone else, he would feel totally scrambled, but it’s Lorraine, so he marshals a response.
Then he’s watching himself wrap Cas for burial, seeing his stricken face as he lights the pyre on fire. Dean knows what’s coming next, after punching in a door and getting drunker than drunk–he knows what Cas is about to see.
Every time Cas gets hurt these days, it’s like a fucking train wreck. He tries to heal himself, and then he can’t, and he gets all moody and sullen, which, like, Dean can understand, but it doesn’t make it any easier, and to make matters worse today Cas tried to heal
Now, he wakes up every morning in a room (partially) filled with sunshine, next to a grumpy former angel with some serious bedhead. (He and Cas fought over blinds versus curtains, and then sleeping with them open or closed, and eventually compromised–i.e., Dean let Cas decide and then they broke in their new bedroom in style.)
to see? It’s only the best ship in the galaxy.” Elder lets out a laugh, tone full of mirth, and Castiel finds that he wants to follow him.
(Even if he knows he’s about to be subjected to another conversation where he can’t get a word in edgewise.)
Cas is about to protest when Dean’s kissing him again and he can taste himself on Dean’s tongue, salty where Dean’s mouth is sweet.
The reminders of the loss of his grace don’t come as frequently anymore, but there are some nights, after hunts like they had today, where the loss stings.
After that, the party is kind of chaotic, what with the large number of people and how excited everyone is to get to talk to each other. Present-opening takes at least an hour, and then there’s cake (Jack accidentally drops his first slice, which Miracle happily gobbles up), but by the time the sun begins to set, everyone’s just drinking beer and talking.
“Yeah, Houston Rockets versus the Memphis Grizzlies.” Kevin shakes his head. “Grizzlies won, and they’re not even that good.”
Dean doesn’t give Cas time to try and roll off, he just grabs him by the lapels of that damn coat and kisses him, and Cas kisses him back, and Dean thinks he’s gonna cry, but he manages to choke out a, “Me too, Cas,” before the waterworks start, and Cas kisses him again and again and again, until there are no tears left, until Dean is sure that Cas isn’t going to vanish on him, until Dean starts to feel the pain receded.
Cas reaches a hand out to touch Dean’s waist. “She’s still alive because you’re not your father, Dean.”
He ends up with something called a Kern River Citra Double IPA, and they all sip on their drinks in silence (well, as much silence as you can have in a crowded bar). It occurs to Charlie that she’s probably the most outgoing of all of them, and she’s not exactly a world-renowned extrovert.
It’s actually kinda gross, because of all the blood, but Dean’s mind has also stopped working so he doesn’t notice that much. There’s been dozens of times over the years that he’s wanted to do this, more than he can count, and the shock doesn’t recede until Cas is pulling away.
“Then you can call me Dean. Nice tattoos, by the way.” Dean lifted up his arm. “I’ve got one, right here.”
too much, so Dean did the only logical thing and crossed to the table before hauling Cas out of his chair. With Cas’ face mere inches from his and Cas’ pajama shirt balled up in his fist, Dean froze. Cas’ gaze was patient but searching. “I’m glad she told me,” Cas whispered, and that was that--Cas was closing the gap and they were kissing.
Cas turns to, once again, see Daphne. She’s got what looks like Sprite in her cup and she’s wearing yet another long, floral dress.
Dean’s hands grip Cas’s thighs as he runs his tongue up Cas’s cock, a slow, wet drag, before releasing him and shifting to be over Cas again.
On another day, in another time, maybe on a hunt, Dean would be cursing the rain, concerned about the Impala stalling or trudging through a muddy forest toting a shotgun. But those days are in the past.
“Are you still allowed to call me dummy if—” Cas starts, and then cuts himself off, because this is exactly what he was worrying about. What if this was a one-time-only sort of thing? They make out, they have some fun, and then that’s it, that’s enough for Dean.
And maybe it won’t be the best year yet, but Cas is determined: he’s going to be there for every minute of it.
That afternoon, Rufus makes everyone hot cider and they play a rousing game of Monopoly. The game set is apparently from when Mary was in college, and it’s Star Wars themed and missing a few parts, but Cas doesn’t mind. He chooses the Darth Vader playing piece and spends several hours accumulating properties (and watching Dean and Sam fight over Coruscant, which, based on Bobby and Rufus’s facial expressions, is a typical occurrence).
“That’s good.” Cas comes around the couch and sits down next to Dean and Jack. “What movie are you watching?”
“They’ll love you,” Cas had promised a few days ago, when he had sprung on Dean that he’d told the ladies in his knitting circle he was going to bring him.
“Duh. Look, Cas, lemme buy you a drink. You look way too good to be drink-less.” And then Dean grabs Cas by his elbow and drags him to the open bar.
This year, they’d gotten an apartment, and Dean was no longer shielded from Cas in his entirety. Dean had already known that his friend was fairly attractive (messy, dark hair that always looked like he’d just had sex, brilliant blue eyes, a slim but surprisingly strong form), but now that he was seeing Cas’ bare chest every other day...well, Dean’s tiny crush from freshman year was growing.
Dean reads the words, written in Cas’s cramped handwriting, in the front of the notebook the angel always brings on cases. Normally, he wouldn’t be looking through it, but Cas is out getting them coffee, and Dean, well...he had wondered what the angel wrote in the book.
as the chemistry 102 students became erroneously overconfident. Three, there would be a Valentine’s dance, and there would be
Tonight’s spaghetti night. The first thing Dean says when Cas sits down at their kitchen table that evening is, with an empathic spatula-wave, “I will make one rule for tomorrow. You can’t wear those pajamas all day again.”
Charlie is most interested in what Castiel is going to order, because his personality often perplexes her. He also dressed down for drinks, which was an interesting change from his suits—although with his sweater and jeans he looks a little bit like a librarian.
When they get off the bus and walk into the hotel, Dean tries to grab Cas by the wrist to pull him through the spinning door, but Cas jerks away, and that’s when Dean’s silence ends. Once they’re in the hotel lobby, he stops short.
“Don’t worry about ‘em,” Bobby says, gruff but not unkind, jerking Cas back into the moment. “They’ll be fine. John does anything, Rufus’ll tear him a new one. Now hand me that Allen wrench. It’s in the top drawer.”
Cas has been studying the placards like they contain the answer to the ultimate question of life, the universe, and everything (which, as everyone ought to know, is forty-two). Right now he’s reading one about the National Philatelic Collection, which the museum houses and apparently means
This isn’t necessarily a bad thing–over the past few months, he’s started to feel more sure that Dean will come back whenever he leaves.
The crying was starting to lessen, and Cas could hear the rumbling of Dean’s voice but not what he was saying. Dean had a habit of whispering sweet nothings to Jack–
Cas has barely driven five minutes before Dean drifts off again, but he knows that the prospect of lasagna will wake him when they arrive.
Every time with Dean is good, but this is something special--Cas is held gently, and their touches are slow, a gradual build. There is no need for haste, and through it all, Cas feels calm, safe, happy--
“Did you talk to the commander?” Charlie asks before she can stop herself, and she notices Castiel’s cheeks redden slightly.
“It’s like…” Cas sighs, tents his fingers. “I don’t want people to look at me and just see this. Like if I get invested in someone, then I’ll have to tell them about what’s happened to me eventually, right? But if I tell a new person, I worry they’ll only see it, and they won’t see me. Instead of thinking
“Well, it probably wasn’t here in...whatever year we’re in. Come on.” Before Dean could protest, Cas was grabbing him by the wrist again and dragging him off.
“Breakfast,” Dean replies, pressing a kiss to Cas’ forehead. “Thought I would get something special.”
Cas cranes his head so that he can see his back in the mirror--what he sees is a pattern of black ink and raised, red skin. The tattoo artist said with a tattoo this big, it would take a while to heal, but Cas doesn’t mind. He likes being able to see the black wings unfurled over his skin.
(He does not think, however, that this would go over well with Dean as a defense for looking through his things–Castiel could tell Dean all of his deepest secrets and Dean would still call merely touching his duffel bag an invasion of privacy.)
“If you rescued me just to yell at me, I’m going back,” Cas says drily, and it’s his particular, inimitable brand of snark that breaks through the cacophony of emotions Dean’s been trying to get a handle on since Cas died.
with Dean, and, as they’re wont to do, they stay up too late and maybe have one beer too many, and Cas isn’t safe to drive home. He tries to sleep on the couch, but Dean’s nerves are loosened by the alcohol and he offers Cas the other side of his bed, no sweat.
“I asked him out three times,” Daphne replied. “I decided after that he just wasn’t interested--and he started bringing Dean to departmental parties, which somewhat explained it.”
“They call it a reception,” Dr. Moseley tells them as people start to get up and filter out of the room, “But it’s more like a mixer and an excuse to use your drink tickets.” She taps on Cas’ nametag. “Look in the back.”
In a few minutes, their lives will keep moving on, the course of the Earth’s motion pulling them unbidden into a new year.
But part of having a choice, part of having freedom, is realizing how fucked up some of the shit before that freedom was.
They’ve also moved throughout the film--now Cas has slumped from seated to partially lying down, and Dean’s got at least half of his body on top of Cas.
Dean knows that he can’t quite replicate Cas and Jack’s special Saturday mornings together, but he can sure as hell try. The two of them always watch
Dean laughed at Cas’ sour expression. The two of them had met freshman year, when they were in the same Writing 101 class, and had been inseparable ever since. Even though, Cas wasn’t much of a partier, and Dean was always goading his friend to join him on adventures. They weren’t going to be in their early twenties forever. They weren’t
“Well, Chuck certainly didn’t deserve a celebration. Maybe Jack is being secretive because of the holiday.” Dean raises an eyebrow.
“Yeah,” Dean sighs. “It was. Something that the other you said, it just...it hit me. And I couldn’t let that happen to you, and I couldn’t let myself be the guy that made it worse. He said that the only thing you and that Dean had left was each other, that if the other me said it was time to go, then you would follow him. And I tried to talk to the future me about it, ask him why he was willing to put you in harm’s way just because you would follow him. He...he didn’t have an answer.”
Cas cuts Meg off with a glare. “I meant in a more immediate, less cosmic-doom kind of way. Like, this year.”
Half an hour later, Dean’s still moping in the kitchen and contemplating rummaging through the fridge for a beer–he’s pretty sure there are a couple still in there, behind Sam’s kale that he keeps stealing (kale is actually not
“It’s gonna be all good, boss,” Charlie says, trying to be comforting, and it occurs to her that this worry probably has something to do with Dean being in the capsule.
“I helped!” Jack says from the floor, and Dean is half-sure that the pancakes are going to have salt instead of sugar, but he decides to just let the morning happen. He pulls himself away from Cas to get a cup of coffee, and then heads to the breakfast nook.
“What is it?” Dean asks, comprehension dawning on his face moments later when he reads the card. Dean’s gaze turns to Meg. “You did not get him a cake.”
fault), wrestle him in the carseat, and endure twenty minutes of complaining on the drive to the pediatrician.
bad), and Dean found a box of old car maintenance manuals in the basement when they moved into the house.
Once they were out, they both slept for practically half a week, and Cas woke up to Dean looking at him with a worried expression, concern turning to joy as Cas blinked at him.
Night is falling, a sliver of moon becoming more prominent in the deepening sky as Dean looks out over his backyard. He hadn’t realized how awesome it would be to have a porch (
So now their kitchen was full of friends and, well, family—Jody, Donna, and all the girls, Garth and his family, Dean (obviously), and Jack.
He can’t sleep at night because of it–the fact that he’s alive, that he’s here, that he’s getting what he wanted. Because he knows he’s done unforgivable things, to strangers and people he loves dearly alike.
“Is that a trick question? That’s Dean Winchester. He’s my coworker Castiel’s…” Daphne let out a laugh. “Well, he claims roommate, but I suspect differently.”
to another hunt and it turns into the rest of his life, when all of that peace is past, when Jess is gone and Mark turns out to be a demon and he doesn’t stop running.
Dean is watching Cas shave when he finally decides to bring it up, perched on the edge of the bathtub in his pajamas while Cas stands in front of the sink, focusing on his reflection in the mirror.
“Alright.” Less time in front of the television is totally cool with Dean. He sets them up at the kitchen table, rummaging around on the bookshelf next to it until he finds the stack of recycled paper that they use for Jack to color and the box of crayons and markers.
It’s warm and soft, like it’s been washed many times, and it smells like Dean. Cas’s throat suddenly feels awfully tight.
“And I’m not interested either,” Kevin jokes, swooping in to save the day. He finds a way to bring the conversation around to the physics of basketball and what makes it “such a fascinating sport,” and the rest of the evening goes smoothly, although Charlie feels even
“Move over, lovebirds,” Meg says, setting a bowl of freshly-popped popcorn on the coffee table. Dean sticks his tongue out at her.
week building things for it--and Dean is the first to arrive after Charlie, so she’s the first person who grills Dean about the new scenes.
And that kiss had bloomed like hope inside his chest, until Dean started going out with his friends more than he normally did–Dean’s a dedicated student and normally reserves partying for the weekends.
He doesn’t want this to end tomorrow when they go back to St. Louis; he wants to keep being with Dean, like this and more. He wants more game nights, but this time he can sling his arm around Dean instead of just sitting close to him. He wants to grab Dean’s hand when they watch a movie, lean his head against Dean’s shoulder after long nights of researching.
the more relaxed of the two of them, but he’s also got the cogs turning in his brain. Dean is his research partner for a reason—he’s dangerously clever—but he tends to get underestimated and relishes shocking people with his meager upbringing and prodigious scientific talents.
Dean’s had a shit week, so when Cas comes over to watch a movie, Dean pulls out more booze than normal. By the time one am rolls around, they’re both lying in Dean’s bed, with Cas’ feet propped up against the wall, drunker than a pair of skunks while they argue about seventies music.
Castiel manages a wan smile, and then lets out a sigh of his own as the door slides shut behind Elder and the guard, leaving Castiel alone with the remnants of their breakfast.
“Hang on,” Dean says, his brain finally catching up with Cas’ dejected tone, “Don’t you go putting words in my mouth.”
Moments later, there’s a hand on his waist and another on his back, pulling him in close. His face presses against Dean’s shirt, sure to leave a wet spot, and he curls his fingers around the fabric. A gentle press of lips follows the hands–on his forehead, his cheek, the corner of his jaw, his lips, soaking up the tears.
“Nope.” Dean buries his face in Cas’s neck. “M’gonna start sleeping like this so that I know when you wake up.”
Dean tries not to read too much into it, but the whole day, they’re never alone in the same room, and when Dean offers that maybe they could take Miracle on a walk, Cas backs out as soon as Jack volunteers.
It’s exhausting, though, because Cas is massively-gigantically-hugely in love with Dean, and has been for a hot minute, but he has to play the part of supportive friend.
“And what about the other people?” Ms. Simmons assumes the other two stick people must be the tall man and his wife? Girlfriend? Partner?
They’re the only people on the bus when they head back. Even though there’s plenty of room, Dean still sits shoulder-to-shoulder with Cas, and Cas isn’t sure what hurts more—the fact that Dean just spent the whole night flirting with someone else but still wants to be close to Cas, or the fact that Cas still cares about what Dean thinks.
“I mean, you’ve kind of done that,” Abby started, but she was cut off by Dean suddenly leaning forward.
Living in their new farmhouse, sun streaming in through the windows, white curtains in the kitchen and a wide front porch, has been magical. Cas loves waking up in the morning to a warm bed, his husband next to him, their dog jumping on the bed.
Cas knows why Dean’s humoring him, and to be honest, Meg was joking around earlier, but it does feel a little bit like his birthday (which was less than a month ago). Cas doesn’t think he could ever explain to someone aloud, though, why it feels a little bit good to celebrate today, like he’s in control.
The ride up to the room is silent--Cas never really knows what to do on elevators. They’re a weird middle way-space, at least in his mind. Eventually, though, they make it up to the twenty-third floor of the hotel.
He determines a moment later when Dean seizes him by his collar and pulls him all the way down into a kiss that he did not, in fact, miscalculate.
And yeah, Dean does say that, and he watches Cas’s face fall for a fraction of a second before he adds in a rush
“Yeah, because Dean’s an idiot. Look,” Sam stood up, “He’s never gonna say anything himself, and you know that, because you know him just as well as I do. The only way to get him to talk about it is to confront him, and I’m tired of being stuck in the middle.”
It’s the same reason that he scoots closer, hoping he’s not reading things wrong, that Cas gets it too–
if we get some vegetables on it. I can order it.” Cas sets Jack down to pull out his phone, and Jack tugs on Dean’s hand.
the snowball fight." Cas took the opportunity to scoop up some snow and then grab the collar of Dean's coat, shoving the snow down the front of it. "Ack!" Dean shivered. "Rude."
“I also brought snacks,” Cas says. He then drops said snacks when Jack slams into him with a hug. “Eileen helped,” Cas adds, and Jack hugs her, too.
is to be happy, he has to keep things how they are. Cas knows how this works from experience--one little change will rip the rug away.
Dean gets a handful of the collar of Cas’s shirt and buries his face in Cas’s shoulder. “I missed you so much.”
more fun than all the mean girls from school who said that cargo pants were dumb and you couldn’t wear butterfly hair clips anymore or like books. To be fair, Jack was a little gullible and sometimes she
“Well, I was alive in the eighties, you weren't. Well, I mean--you were, but you weren’t down here. If you want to call someone, they’re
And if, when they got back to the car, they ended up making out before heading back to the motel, well...that was his and Cas’ business.
“You got me.” Dean pulls away, revealing red-rimmed eyes and snotty nose and tear tracks down his face, some tears still falling. “Shit.” He wipes his face with the back of one of his hands, and Cas pulls a shop towel out of his pocket, offers it to him.
“Good,” Dean says. “I think Sammy’ll love you. But Bobby and Rufus are grumpy as hell, so good luck.”
Dean shoulders the door open to find Cas sitting on the lid of the toilet seat, his chin in his hands, staring at a random spot on the floor. He doesn’t respond to Dean’s presence at all, so Dean sits down on the edge of the tub, with the first aid kit in his hand.
Cas nods, and then takes another sip of champagne. “I was also thinking we could test out the water pressure of our new shower while we’re here.” He raises one eyebrow.
“Thanks for the geography lesson, babe.” Dean flopps down on the bed next to Cas but keeps his hand on his back. “Why this butterfly?”
Cas has done this enough that he’s finally figured out that if Cas is gone, he’s probably outside, freezing his ass off because he keeps forgetting that he’s
Cas followed Dean into the diner, where they asked the same lady Cas had talked to if they could see a phone book. Dean flipped to the
“Alright, last question,” Cas says, flipping to the next page in Dean’s English textbook, “What’s the symbolism of the letter
is what gets him. Sure, he sleeps in the same bed as Cas and they’ve burned bacon a couple times making out like teenagers while making breakfast and they hold hands at the grocery store, but it’s a bunch of flowers that really gets him.
Reluctantly, Cas extracts himself from his blanket nest, shivering as he’s exposed to the air. Even in a sweatshirt and a pair of Dean’s sweatpants, he’s freezing. He stands up slowly, his body aching, and then Dean is draping the new blankets around him, wrapping them tight.
Cas has been looking at him with this wide open expression since he came back, like all he needs is to just be able to
Dean sighs. “It’s your funeral.” He picks up where Claire left off with the dishwasher, and is trying to remember if Cas said wooden spoons could go in it when he notices that Jack isn’t crying anymore. Instead, he’s got his tiny hands fisted in Claire’s shirt as she bounces him around the kitchen, his breathing slowing. Now, the only sound is Emma’s cookie scoop scraping against the mixing bowl and the
Cas can feel his face turning scarlet under the older man’s warm gaze, and he’s relieved when he hears the truck stop and then the slamming of two doors and footsteps. Rufus comes in first, taking Bobby by the arm and pulling him into the house through the garage. Cas doesn’t have much time to dwell on it, though, because there’s suddenly a warm body slamming into him.
Cas rolls out of bed and out of their room, grabbing his phone off the nightstand and shoving it into his pocket. The house is dim, sky outside grey, fog rolling in. Cas remembers Dean complaining about the weather forecast last night while they were getting ready for bed, brushing their teeth in tandem in the tiny bathroom adjacent to their room.
When Eileen comes into the kitchen, she doesn’t get rebuffed like Dean and Cas, who have been relegated to the breakfast nook in the kitchen with Sam. She’s been teaching Jack sign language, and sans Cas who knows all languages, Jack is the best at it of all of them, so their conversation by the stove is a flurry of concealed hands.
“Yes. Since...” Sam thinks back. “Since your junior year of high school, when you took Meg Masters to prom. The two of you were originally planning on going solo but buying the tickets together to save money, and then she asked you, and you said yes. Dean sort of lost it.”
“Could go to the beach,” Dean adds. “Warm sand, one of those silly cocktails with the umbrella in it, and–”
“You’re pretty good at all this healing stuff. Must be all the practice.” Dean raises an eyebrow. “Although I think I could use more.”
“Thought all of that stuff was crap.” Dean takes his coffee from Cas, takes a sip. It’s just as bad going down as he expected.
“I couldn’t sleep,” Jack replies, his round face inches from Dean’s, and Dean sighs, scooting over because Cas, spread-eagle on the other side of the bed and fully unperturbed by the appearance of their adult-sized toddler, is unlikely to move.
The presentation is, as Dean predicts, fine. They practiced it for one of their classes before they left, and Cas had noticed then how their speaking styles were different but fit together well. Cas can remember the data without looking at it, so he can go a little more in depth, but Dean is funny and makes things interesting.
“How do you feel about marrying this guy if you don’t know him?” Elder asks, showing more concern than Castiel expected.
“We’ve still got boxes to unpack,” Cas says, pulling back, but Dean grabs a handful of his shirt and keeps him close.
“You were given other options,” she says after a silence. “Someone else’s bathroom, or a sponge bath, but you chose to take the bath anyway. Why do you think that is?”
But that’s the sort of thing that makes Cas like him, that makes Cas feel lucky that Dean chose to sit next to him on the first day of class, chose to nudge Cas with one of his work boots and ask in a low whisper, “Did you also forget to bring a pen?”
“That’s alright,” Dean says, leaning back in now that he knows Cas is okay, “I already knew that it wasn’t due until tomorrow.”
When Cas wakes up the next morning, things are somehow worse (or better, depending on your perspective). He and Dean had fallen asleep facing each other, but now, after about six hours, Dean is wrapped around Cas like a koala, rendering Cas completely incapable of getting up.
“Hello, Dean,” Cas replies, a little more cheery. He was up earlier, reading on the front porch, enjoying the chill of the morning air against his bare feet while he turned the pages. “Cinnamon toast for breakfast?”
Dean’s a physical person, a fan of the casual slinging of an arm around a shoulder, not afraid to sit close or brush palms. But this is different than Dean’s usual grazing touches--he leans his full weight into Cas, forcing Cas to hold him.
Eventually, he sees something in the distance, although that’s a relative term, because nothing looks different here, just a swath of inky blackness. Within minutes, he recognizes the something as a familiar tan trench coat, and that’s when he breaks into a run. The Empty puts up a resistance, trying to stop him from gulping air, from pushing through to Cas, but eventually Dean makes it and collapses next to him, trying to catch his breath.
a little odd to share a blanket with your best friend, but he and Dean have the same favorite blanket.
Cas hasn’t said it, but Dean knows. It’s all been falling together these past few weeks since they got rid of the mark, the way that Cas was so desperate to help and so stubborn. The way that he’s
(The last time they brought her with them to lunch, she escaped and Cas had to chase her across campus in a suit.)
“Look, Cas, I gotta go,” Winchester says with his familiar midwestern twang that the team has become accustomed to hearing.
“Are you going to bring a date?” Castiel asks. A lot of people like to--he’s heard some interesting stories about post-ball hook-ups.
his years after sleeping on the ground all night. He climbs out of the sleeping bag, still warm from the other body that was in it, and eases out of the tent. Every morning of this trip, he’s regretted agreeing to camping, but it’s not all so bad.
Dean shakes his head. “I know you, Cas. Once you get into study mode, you forget your phone exists.”
“Every time,” Charlie’s voice is soft, “Someone says who they are, the world becomes a better and more interesting place.” She pulls back. “And you, Castiel Milton, are fucking awesome.”
For some reason, Cas feels like he should look away as Dean tears the packet open and puts the condom on, despite the fact that, hopefully, very soon Dean’s going to be
“In the room,” Cas says, though he’s wanted this for a while—even if he hadn’t realized that until two nights ago, with Dean’s forehead pressed to his chest.
“Benny and Meg said they’re coming, too,” Charlie says by way of greeting, and Dean responds to that with a weak smile.
(Dean once tried to compare himself to one of Cas’s dying plants and briefly thought he was going to end up sleeping in one of the armchairs in the Deancave for a week until Cas smothered him in affection instead of berating him.)
“I’ll be in my office if you need me,” Castiel adds. “Although if you need Kevin, he’ll probably be in the lab.”
. What are we supposed to do?” Dean stood up and stretched, looking in the direction of the cemetery’s parking lot. “The Impala is gone!”
. It had been an accident–Dean had asked Cas about the schedule for the trip they were going on this weekend with friends, and Cas said he had a screenshot of it, so Dean had opened his phone, a normal occurrence, since they were best friends. They both knew each other’s passcodes and there were no secrets between them. Or so Dean had thought.
watched you die.” Before the rebar flayed him apart, it was almost all he saw, images of those final moments pressed black and white into his eyelids whenever he shut them.
The natural history museum is bigger than Cas remembers, and he forgot that it has a library on the ground floor. He half-expects Dean to ditch him in favor of sitting on a bench and listening to music, but Dean just follows him around, making fun of the scientific names of all the bugs and other animals, or comparing his hand size to the prehistoric dragonflies, or prodding Cas and pointing at something he thinks Cas would find interesting.
“I’ll be back,” Meg says, and she darts off. They have a routine when they go out (which is, admittedly, not often)—Meg gets their drinks, does the sorting through all the alcohol, since none of them drink and Dean can’t look at the stuff.
Dean feels a hand on his shoulder, and he turns at the touch with a jolt and finds himself staring into Cas’s face. He can tell from the sad droop of Cas’s mouth, the pinch of his eyebrows, that it’s really Cas, and not the Empty.
Cas laughs and eats another pretzel before looking back at their gate’s screen, which has all the flight information--
There’s clapping, and Cas realized he didn’t take notes for this person, either. He nudges Dean to shelve the conversation so that neither of them fail their critiques.
As it turns out, though, Sam’s not the one making breakfast–Jack is, standing at the stove with a cookbook in front of him and a bowl of batter (and, Cas notices, splatters of batter all over the counter).
Dr. Moseley is looking at Dean, too. “He didn’t sustain any major injuries,” she says. “Just a minor concussion. But we’ve looked at his medical file, and--”
of the bunker was a decision that seemed like it was a long time coming but also happened suddenly. It was like no one wanted to talk about the possibility until it erupted over breakfast. And somehow that conversation led to where Dean is right now: lying on the stairs of his new house, trapped under a mattress.
They stay like that, trading soft touches in the nighttime quiet of their bed, until Cas goes, “Dean, do you know how a mortgage works?”
“Okay, we’re going.” Dean pulls back onto the highway for real this time, although he takes one hand off the wheel and finds Cas’s free hand on the seat.
“Good.” Dean wishes he could bottle the expression on Cas’s face, put the warmth radiating from him up for sale. “Now let’s go home.”
“They’re very friendly.” Cas finds Dean’s hand, tangling their fingers together, and Dean decides not to complain about potential stingray germs. “I wondered if I would still be able to talk to them.”
Sure enough, as soon as the Impala and their big rig powered past the service station, a whole row of cars and trucks started turning out after them. Dean wasn’t sure how many vehicles got between them and Chuck, but it didn’t matter--they were gonna be home free.
Twenty minutes later, minus the racks of cooling cookies on the bar, it’s nearly impossible to tell that anything happened in the kitchen, and Dean has even coerced Emma into putting on her pajamas after she tried a cookie and declared them “perfect, Daddy.”
.” Dean rolls himself over to grab his phone, and then shoves it into Cas’s face. It’s open to the calendar app page for today’s date.
They lay there in silence until Dean finally pulls himself off of Cas, the sticky mess drying between them suddenly colder with his absence. He presses a kiss to Cas’s forehead and departs to the bathroom, coming back a few moments later with a wet washcloth.
Castiel considers the dusty floors. The engine room’s grime is a far cry from the gleaming facade of the rest of the Godspeed, and clanging noises happening somewhere in a far corner. It’s not exactly the prettiest thing that Castiel has ever seen, but appearances can be deceiving, he supposes.
decided on is their bedroom. Dean’s about to ask Cas what color he’s thinking about, but Cas is deep in the trenches of deciding between
It keeps happening. It’s always happened, but now Cas is noticing it, realizing it for what it really is. Dean’s not just looking, he’s saying something, and it’s big, big enough that it doesn’t need words.
Cas watches as Michael Douglas as Grady Tripp, the English professor, narrates his journey to rescue one of his students: “
Castiel loses himself in the round, ripe tomatoes at one tent and then the honey at another before he realizes Dean isn’t with him anymore. He looks around, scanning the crowd, before seeing Dean walking toward him, holding something behind his back.
For a brief moment, as he tries to keep up with Dean as they push their way through something that resembles a trail if you squint but is mostly trees and rocks, Cas considers finding a way to go back in time to when he moved to Lawrence, Kansas four years ago, fresh out of grad school. Maybe he would have bought a different house where Dean Winchester wouldn’t be his neighbor, or maybe he would have rejected the cherry pie Dean brought as a housewarming gift, or maybe he wouldn’t have sent Dean a thank-you note on his bee-themed stationary.
bad if it weren’t for the events of this past Sunday night, when, no alcohol involved, they’d kissed.
“Sammy is the most polite fucking teenager you’ll ever meet,” Dean says. “He’s gonna charm the ladies at Stanford next year.”
Dean and Cas stood shoulder-to-shoulder over the open hood of the Impala. He heard Dean explaining to Cas, “This one? With the plus sign? A Phillips. And the other one?” He waved a screwdriver around, “A flathead. Got it?”
It’s hard to fully focus on freaking out, though, in this position. Cas is breathing his air, grasping for purchase on the back of Dean’s t-shirt.
“Cas.” Meg turns to fully face him. “My whole childhood, my dad would make my mom coffee. Every single morning. He always had it ready before she got up, just the way she liked it. He--” she pauses here, takes a deep breath. “He would even do it when he got sick. As long as Dad could still get to the kitchen himself, he would make her coffee. All the way until the end. You know who else does that?”
The first full day of the conference is a whirlwind. Cas takes notes at each session, which is good, because otherwise all of the information would go in one ear and out the other.
“Sorry,” the guy says, his voice deep and sun-warmed. Dean steps back, extending his hands as if to say
“My--Dean’s not, I mean--” Cas stammers, frozen as he tries to stand up. Bobby takes one look at him and laughs.
“You’re annoying.” Dean slides off of Cas but lets one of his hands linger on Cas’s collarbone. “Sleep okay?”
“Why not?” Cas dried his hands on his shorts (which were...distracting, to say the least) and took the proffered beer.
“What a weird thing to say to someone,” Kevin says, and Charlie elbows him before knocking on the office door.
In between, he has several more conversations with Dean that make him feel like a piece of gum stuck to the bottom of someone’s spoon, and Dean tells him more about the mystery girl he’s planning on asking to the ball.
For most couples, the six month anniversary means that you’re still in the honeymoon phase, that you don’t mind picking their socks up off the floor yet, that you’re still trying to figure out how to use that salad spinner someone got you because it was the cheapest thing on your registry, that you’re going to go on a nice date with flowers and be sappy.
Cas rolls over into him, mumbling something (the discovery that now-human Cas talks in his sleep has been both hilarious and mildly terrifying–Dean has a video of full-REM-sleep Cas telling him how to make gravy that Cas
But Cas doesn’t really feel like getting out of bed, so instead he just sits up and switches on the little lamp on his nightstand and starts reading–when he’s not reading his bird book, it’s usually trashy mystery novels.
Instead of a head-meets-desk moment, he’s having a head-meets-door jamb moment as soon as he gets into the house as someone pushes past him into the inner sanctum. Dean’s drinking tonight, so he tosses his keys in the keybowl and manages to escape the entry crowd into the kitchen.
Earlier, when Cas had been yanked out of the Empty by a portal in a seemingly nondescript barn in Pontiac, Illinois, Dean had instantly pulled him into a hug, wrapped his arms tight around Cas, leaned back and put a hand to Cas’ cheek. Cas had found himself chasing into the contact, even when Dean’s hand left and all that remained was Dean’s broad smile and a
. Well that’s not very helpful, is it? But I would say that spearmint is your best bet. It’s what most people have growing in their yards, so I’m guessing that’s what the recipe wants.”
This shouldn’t even be allowed, something this chaste to feel this intimate. If someone calls right now, like last time, Cas is going to be seriously upset.
In the morning, the storm will be forgotten, sans a few tree branches that’ll have to be picked up in the yard and the relief that nothing fell on the Impala, but for now, Dean settles in and tries to ride it out.
Cas pads across the room and turns the music down before setting the mugs on the table. “I brought hot chocolate. I thought you could take a break.”
When Dean climbs back in bed and draws the quilt up over them, he’s looking at Cas again like he’s the only thing in the world, and Cas decides not to say a thing, because he likes Dean looking at him like that, and he doesn’t want it to stop.
When Dean finishes, he sets the razor down on the edge of the tub, runs a hand over the now-smooth skin of Cas’ face. Cas kisses him then, without pretense, because they don’t need pretenses anymore. For a little while, the rest of the world fades out, and all that’s left is soapy hands and soft lips and the sound of the running water.
It’s only when Cas finds himself with his back flat on the bed, being pushed into the mattress, that it occurs to him that this is kind of a lot. The realization must be evident in his body language, because Dean stops kissing him and pulls away. His hair is everywhere, and Cas wants to reach up and run his fingers through it again.
“Yeah, dude, a movie. Film. Piece of cinema.” Dean leans forward to grab their TV remote off the coffee table.
“Zoloft and Lexapro.” Dean turns around again. “Make sure you get the good turkey slices. Not the weird kind.”
It was just after midnight, the first minutes of Dean being forty-two, and although he had fallen asleep to soft kisses after going over the plans for today--a party, everyone was coming in, Jody and Donna and the girls, and Charlie and Stevie, and Eileen basically lived at the bunker (really, in Sam’s room) now, so of course
And now, at this moment, if you look on that dock, you’ll see them, flat on their backs, holding hands and watching the sunset. Cas’ll complain later about his back hurting, but right now the view, the company, is worth it. Right now they’re slowing down. Tomorrow they’ll have people over for dinner and their oasis will be filled with noise, but that’s tomorrow.
And now Cas is enjoying watching his husband again. The scene before him is a pretty tableau: Dean’s laying on the ground in the middle of their living room, with a daytime drama on low volume, next to their son Jack, who is attempting to scale Dean like a mountain.
“Huh.” Dean considers the question, sprawling further on the couch. “I guess not. I wasn’t really enjoying it anymore.”
Maybe we were wrong, Charlie thinks, maybe something’s already going on, and it occurs to her that it would be kind of romantic to fall in love over video calls from space before dismissing the notion.
string him along into capers, but he had the devotion to her that only a four-year-old could have to his big sister.
They’ve been doing this since the second week of class, when one of the students read a piece they wrote about milk as a metaphor for sadness–
Dean finds him standing in front of the sodas about five minutes later. “We have to get Fanta. Also, did you get new insurance?”
Cas lets Dean shake some out into his hand. He knows that once they get back they have nearly a week ahead of them left of break, time to hang out with friends (and each other—Cas definitely thinks a repeat of their time last night could be fun), and also
Cas is alone after that--he’s grateful that Dean knows him so well, because anyone else would continue to hover, but Dean leaves Cas alone in the living room with a book, instead puttering around by himself, first in the kitchen, then in his bedroom.
Outside, the wind is howling, leaves swirling down from the trees, rain starting to fall. Thunder cracks and the rain drips down the motel window.
Cas swallows thickly, tries not to watch Dean too closely as he climbs out of the bed to turn out the lights.
Dean pressed play, and his voice, slightly slurred, filtered out of the phone. “Hey Sammy, can you pick me up? I would call Cas, but I can’t, cuz I'm runnin’ away from him, cuz I love him too much, y’know? You know.” There was a cough on the recording, and then it continued. “I think I'm gonna throw up. This was so stupid. Love is stupid. Bye.”
She shoves some paperwork at him and Dean slumps into the chair next to Jack, who has pulled his Disney Princess sticker book out of his backpack (astronaut-themed, because that was Jack’s obsession back when school started) and is totally ignoring him now.
Dean thought he had the TV turned down low enough, but clearly not, because he hears a pitter patter of feet behind the couch. About three seconds later, Jack emerges, dragging his blanket along beside him.
Dean’s never much had an occasion to celebrate the Fourth of July. He didn’t ever really got around to being patriotic, and as a kid he seldom knew what the date was. There was once or twice–one of these memories glimmers at him with the marks of Heaven–where he found a way to sneak some sparklers for Sam, but other than that, Dean’s been dead, a demon, possessed by an archangel, or otherwise indisposed on the holiday.
“She says,” Claire adopts the air-quotes that Cas is so fond of, “Daddy has to help me with the cookies!”
who pretends to like Led Zeppelin for Dean’s benefit, who drives the most fuck-ugly gold vintage car on the planet, who never, ever,
And Dean is scared shitless of losing Cas, especially now that he’s so much more susceptible to permanently dying.
“What about the girl you were going to ask to the ball?” Castiel asks, tilting his head questioningly.
“Gross.” But Dean’s telling the truth–Cas doesn’t detect any alcohol on his breath, only the faint smell of nachos–
He’s always been able to see color because the person who made him see it has always been right here all along.
“I know.” Dean considers the options available to them. There aren’t many games that are fun with two people, they can’t bake anything because he used the last of the eggs making the cake for Benny’s birthday party four days ago, and if he does any more homework he thinks his eyes’ll bleed. “Let’s watch a movie,” he suggests.
“I’m terrified,” Dean says to the circle, making one of his hands into a fist and covering it with the other one, a gesture Cas recognizes as one of Dean’s go-tos in stress, “Things are okay now, but that’s what I thought when--when my mom and brother died. And then they were gone. So if I keep track of the people I care about--” his eyes dart up to meet Cas’s, “--then I know they’re safe.”
It took Dean about five seconds to process what Cas had said, and then he suddenly pulled his car to the side of the road, breaking so hard that Cas’ head almost slammed into the dashboard.
“You wanna watch something?” Dean asks. “Or we can just go to sleep. I know we have our presentation tomorrow.”
That explains why Castiel couldn’t heal him, then, since the food, not something with Sam, was the problem.
If, on a blustery day in September over a decade ago, someone had said to Dean Winchester, fresh (or not-so-fresh) from digging himself out of his own grave, that he would be here, he would have stabbed them the same way he stabbed the angel who raised him to that grave.
“I’m not done, Cas. You do all of these things, and sure it bugs the shit out of me, but I like you. A lot. I might even love you. And maybe you leave shit laying around but you also always make me coffee in the mornings if you get up first. And you let me choose the movie, even if we watch the same thing over and over. And you let me win at card games.” Dean takes a deep breath. “You’re my best friend, Cas. I’m not gonna—I’m
(Moving into a house all together seems like a great idea sometimes and a terrible one other times. Right now is a little bit of both.)
Charlie’s got a stack of paperwork for Castiel to sign, as always, when she hears her boss’s voice through the door and just knows he’s talking to Dean.
“Definitely.” Cas’ sureness took Dean slightly aback, but once again, Cas was like that sometimes–convicted.
