Kevin's ears perked up at that, the omega having already learned about his sweet tooth. "I mean, we could totally check. I'd hate for them to go to waste."
Gabriel and Lucifer reached the room on Dean's final word, the two archangels exchanging a charged glance as they entered the cell. Sam moved to the side as Gabriel carefully sat down on the mattress beside Dean, gently touching his fingers to Cas's forehead. "Michael's burned him almost to death. I don't know how he's even holding on right now."
"Pink. Orange. It was a lake, I think, though I have never seen colors like that before. It was dusk . . . the sun had almost set. And there was something . . . someone there? I caught a scent, a wretched, miserable, dejected one . . . but there were too many smells mixed together for me to identify the owner."
Balthazar pointed at the fourth position in the circle, the place where Maggie traditionally stood. "Maggie, the omega who stood with you last year is pregnant and won't be attending, correct? Do you mind taking Samandriel?"
encouraged us to accept them.” From the way Gadreel phrased it, Sam could tell that it wouldn’t have been much of a choice. “He couldn’t force us to mate against our will, but he limited our options to the point where he might as well have. Some of the alphas were not bad options, to be fair. The two unmated alphas from the Southern Pack were always kind to us while we were training there, and I could have tolerated the alpha from the Eastern Pack, but the alphas in the Western Pack were unacceptable.”
Dean nodded, resting his chin against Cas's. "I'm okay with that, sweetheart. Just not when you're in heat; my wolf wouldn't tolerate it."
"I can't wait," Ruby replied dryly, already stripped down to her wolf fur undergarments as she and Meg patiently waited for the Celestial to shift.
"Oh," he managed. "Thank you." He walked past the captain, all hopes of a future with the man crushed, but he knew better than to let his disappointment color his scent. He tucked Dick's sword into his sash as Khan climbed the stairs, easily mounting his horse even in omega robes. He patted the stallion's neck gently, taking the reins in one hand. "Khan, let's go home." He had seen a mapmaker's shop along the main street during the parade; he would stop there for a moment and see if there was an easier route home around the south of the mountains since his own village was half a day's ride south of Crystal Lake Camp so he might not have to go through the snow alone. The horse, always in tune with his rider, whinnied in agreement as he spun around and leapt down the first set if stairs, trotting across the landing toward the second one as the crowd cheered below.
"And the sooner you will be able to understand your visions," Rowena added softly. She knew the real reasons behind her apprentice's actions.
"Uh, figures, by the lake. It's hard to see them, because they are silhouetted against the water, but I think there are four of them, huddled together. They look . . . dejected, wretched . . . and I can smell intense misery. Something terrible happened to them, but I don't know what."
"You know you love it." Sam froze as he realized what he had inadvertently implied with his words, but Gabe's soft smile and sweetening scent informed him that the omega wasn't upset.
"It's amazing but it can also be incredibly dangerous. I'm guessing you're asking because you experienced it with Dean recently."
"One thing I can tell you, I am not made for the snow. I won't be happy until we get out of these mountains for good."
"I don't think we'll be in town that long," Patience murmured, trying to clear up the dark spots in her vision. "Less than two weeks, I believe."
Dean turned to the side, astounded jade green meeting sheepish azure. "That fanfic thing was on purpose? You
Sam jerked in shock, pulling away from Gabriel as the archangel turned to face him. “That was Dean! How the hell did he broadcast on angel radio?”
"Thank you, Castiel," John whispered, a thread of joy leaking into his tightly controlled scent. He had known the young alpha since he was a pup, so the prince allowed such informality from the war veteran. John cleared his throat and returned to the more formal address as he reached back and gently nudged his older son forward a few steps. "Highness, I do hereby present my son Dean, a male omega, for your inspection as a potential concubine for your harem."
Castiel looked up in concern as Dean shivered in the chill of the abandoned station, valiantly trying to resist the urge so he could continue to hold his angel. “Dean, you are cold.”
"Kale and avocado are both delicious, but we are currently out. I'll make you one with ham, turkey, and roast beef if you want."
"Awesome," Dean replied, tying his shirt closed before slipping into his shoes and heading for the training ground. "I am so ready to leave this place."
Balthazar whined and glanced up at Crowley, the red-striped black alpha backing away as Ruby pushed the omega onto the road. Finally accepting the inevitable, Balthazar spun on his back legs and loped forward, Meg and Mshindi in front of him as Ruby nipped at his flank and barked a warning. Meg jumped into a run in front of him, and a shoulder against his hip encouraged him to match her pace. Too emotionally strung out to fight back and knowing better than to resist, Balthazar ran off after her, tears soaking his white fur as he called for Crowley in his mind. Relentless, Ruby pushed him onward, knowing that they had to get away from the city before one or both of the wolves changed their minds, before either one decided that they would ignore Rowena's instructions.
It was louder than the omega expected, but he resisted his instinct to shy away from the sound and hide. He was determined to prove to Dean that he could be around a lot of people without issue, so he swallowed his fear, calmed his scent, and entered the kitchen. Dean found the pies instantly, of course, offering Cas one as he swallowed the first in two bites. He poured some fruity punch into two plastic cups, offering one to his omega before leading the teen further into the house.
Benny laughed at that, reaching over to run his fingers through Gadreel's light brown hair. "He calls everyone in the Pack either brother or sister. You'll learn soon enough that he has a number of quirks, though most of them adorable"
Dean took a deep breath and let it out slowly, feeling his irritability from that morning lessened somewhat. "Is there an alpha equivalent to this omega safe feeling?"
Ezekiel, a Sophomore beta, paused to nuzzle Maggie under the chin as he passed by, clearly accepting her protection and support. His younger sister was an omega, and she joined a tall, stunning redheaded alpha at the table, tucking up against Abaddon's side.
Cas turned the book over, glancing at the other dragon books piled neatly on the table beside him. "This is science fiction? Dragons are more of a fantasy genre."
“And how to survive in the wild,” Gadreel added. “Not that we did very well our first time on our own, as you can see, but we knew enough to get through the mountains in one piece. Then we went into our first heat the day after Mother and Father left, and we knew that our time was limited. Michael told us that he had some suggestions for mates, and he
Dean cleared his throat and glanced at his feet sheepishly. "I don't know, all of the ones under five thousand words, I guess. And that really long one about the angels falling. That's all."
Sam nodded, reaching up to run his fingers through his hair. As an alpha, he had been taught from a young age to control his feelings, to always project an aura of calm, but he had never hidden anything from Dean. And now, feeling a single tear track down his cheek, he needed his brother to understand his heart.
The two alphas hadn't anticipated this rage, and they quickly retreated after exchanging a few blows with the big omega, though Bartholomew and Benny jumped Dean as soon as they moved away. Dean roared his fury, sounding exactly like the alpha he had been playing for two weeks, falling backwards and burying an elbow into Benny's side as he slammed the alpha to the ground, wrapping his legs around Bart's chest in the same motion. Benny grunted and tried to roll away as Bart screamed, the sound of his ribs breaking encouraging the other combatants to retreat to the safety of their tents. Benny managed to get free as Dean used the martial arts skills he had learned in camp to toss Bart, watching unsympathetically as the alpha landed wrong on his left wrist and twisted it painfully to the side. Balthazar grabbed Bart and pulled him away from the growling omega, snapping his teeth in an ineffectual threat display as all of the alphas and betas retreated.
He flared his grace as the trees in front of them exploded, protecting the hunters from any shrapnel while he prepared to face the angel he knew was coming. He felt his grace fade slightly as a greater force pushed against him, a tall form appearing in the shadows. He shook his head in disbelief as a pair of furious glowing eyes met his, the eyes he had last seen consumed by Holy Fire. “Michael,” he whispered.
Dean turned to face the energetic redhead, one eyebrow raised. "I thought there was something between you and Jo. I'm surprised she let you come talk to me alone." As soon as he said it, Dean realized how bad his words sounded, but Charlie had been his friend long enough to know that he didn't mean any harm or insult.
Dean nodded, running his fingers through the black feathers and eliciting a sleepy, involuntary moan from his partner. As Sam stared at the huge wings, he realized that the dark feathers were actually blue on the tips. Cas unconsciously cuddled closer to his hunter, Dean smiling as he helped him settle into his new position. "Is something wrong, Sammy?" There was a hint of the normal protective warrior tone in Dean's soft voice, but also an undercurrent of exhaustion that hinted that he would rather not have to deal with any apocalypses right now. Seeing as it had only been a couple of hours since Dean woke up on the couch under Cas's trench coat, Sam could only imagine how intense their lovemaking session had been.
It took a long moment for the old beta to look up from his scrolls, slowly placing his quill back in its stand before turning to face his alpha. Long ago, when he was a younger scribe, the beta had served Chuck faithfully in the capital city, penning treaties and negotiating border disputes with the Head Alpha. When Chuck's first omega twins were born, Gabriel and Gadreel, he had told Metatron that he would leave before the boys went into heat, recommending that the scribe find a new, safer home for his retirement. Malachi had been glad to take him in, respecting him for the work he had done under Chuck even as some of the nobles cursed his name. Metatron would be the first to admit that the treaties he worked on had not always been favorable to the Celestials, but they had been fair, and just, and there had been an uneasy stalemate between the three lands in part thanks to his advice. He was content with his past, but he hoped that he could still contribute to his pack's future.
Cas nodded, twitching every now and then as a trace of that fire flared up inside him. “It is a most effective punishment for disobedience. Long before Naomi began reprogramming errant angels, punishment was left in the hands of the two archangels, Michael and Raphael. This was before Gabriel left Heaven or Lucifer was banished, though neither of them ever approved of or participated in the reprimands. They would burn the edges of our grace as punishment for any infraction or disobedience.” Castiel rolled his shoulders and shuddered. “One visit to Michael was usually enough to deter any relapse.”
Dean chuckled as he rubbed his neck against one of the smaller pillows before tossing it on the couch. "Only for the males?"
Dean nodded gratefully, glad that someone had given him directions. "I'll do that, thanks." He felt Kevin peek out of the back of his armor again, probably checking out the betas and alphas standing in front of him, and clearly Khan took it as a challenge. The horse nickered something that sounded uncomplimentary, lunging at the dragon and snapping his teeth on thin air as Dean stumbled forward and lost his grip on the reins. His horse reared and swung his head, hitting the edge of the table just outside the food tent, kicking back in shock when he felt something touch him. Dean grabbed for his horse, but it was too late. He, along with the four soldiers he had barely met, watched helplessly as the table fell over, spilling the huge pot of rice on the ground as hundreds of plates clattered into the dirt at their feet.
Gerald's eyes had darkened with hatred, a sinister malevolence coloring his scent. He grabbed Balthazar's arm and threw him against the nearest tree, grinning as the omega yelped in pain. "You stupid little pup. You thought we would allow some arrogant little Celestial to mate our Head Alpha? I've been watching you with him over the past few days, and it makes me sick. Crowley sent me here to escort you back to the castle, but I promise that you will never see it again." He lunged for the omega, but Balthazar had been anticipating the attack and dodged away a moment before the alpha grabbed for him.
"I don't see why not," Mary interjected. "Maybe you should try out? If the coach sees some of what you just did today, he'd take you on for sure."
"Wilderness pack doesn't have that rule. They actually have laws that prohibit any influence on an omega's inherent right to choose. I told John my desires, and he said that he would never stand in my way if an omega chose me, though I have only courted beta females so far. Until we saved you, I've never met an omega that I would have said 'yes' to."
, and I'm going to make you pay for every sneaky, underhanded thing you have ever done to me. And I'll remind you that you put me on a game show where they slammed a ball into my nuts."
"You've spent your whole life as a cloistered omega; you've never been allowed to make any friends other than omegas who were expected to be good examples for you. This is the first time in your life you've been allowed to pick your own companions."
The rest of the pack switched back, Kevin quickly handing out clothes as Maggie moved closer to the den, reaching out with her empathic abilities and touching the terrified mind within. "He is lost to his wolf," she whispered. "I can sense the collar that Gerald put on him, so he can't shift forms, but he managed to pull his wolf out, anyway. I don't believe I've ever seen that ability in a mundane before."
noise, something that the angel clearly enjoyed. The grey one walked carefully down Cas's arm and settled down, one foot disappearing into its feathers as it turned one insanely white eye toward Dean, only a pinprick of black in the center, and made an almost groaning
"Oh, believe me, I get it," Dean replied harshly, the venom in his voice almost forcing Cas back. "Blah, blah, Raphael, right?"
Sam nudged Benny, waiting until the bulky red-striped black wolf turned to him before nodding at Dean. The mahogany male was staring into the wind, his raised tail slowly wagging.
"No, but Sam read over the syllabus and he said that he likes a lot of the authors we're reading and is familiar with the politicians we're studying, so I think he'll enjoy it. I know that he's gone to a lot of effort to make sure I'm not alone, and I really appreciate it."
Dean was in the middle of a meeting with Asa when the omegas returned from their training session, the last light of the sun fading from the sky. He saw them from the study's window, but he couldn't leave to greet Cas for almost an hour. Once his meeting with Asa was complete, the alpha returned to his bedroom, not surprised to find the raven-haired omega waiting for him. What was a surprise was the small bag Cas had packed and placed in the middle of the bed.
"Male lions are the greatest population control that lions have. Every time a new male takes over a pride, though normally two or three will take one over together, they kill off the young cubs of the previous male and chase off the adolescent males. In this pride, the young cubs are not killed by new males and the adolescents can stay longer until they are better hunters and more likely to survive in small bachelor prides. Prides are always led by the lead female, or queen, and the queen of this pride has decided that she doesn't want to deal with those males anymore."
"No, not yet. Cas is pretty good with flowers, so I think he'll be able to identify it once he gets over his first heat. I hope it's something sweet."
"I'm reading your voice, Benny. Something about your past is preventing you from wanting to court me. It's why I haven't asked you, even though I could see that you want me to. Tell me, Benny, please."
Gabriel rolled his eyes and slipped out of Sam's lap, taking a few steps away from the bed before fluffing his feathers and flapping his wings a few times. He folded them neatly back into place before rolling his shoulders and turning back to Sam. "What?"
They heard Metatron first, his voice as judgmental and sanctimonious as usual. "You think your troops are ready to fight? Hah! They would not last a minute against the Huns." Dean frowned at that; he thought they had done really well for three weeks of training.
Chuck looked up from his coffee at that, the faintest hint of anger peppering his scent. "Are you talking back to me, boy?"
Crowley was silent for a long moment, clearly processing that information. Unlike Balthazar, he knew how to keep his thoughts silent when he wasn't actively transmitting.
"Cas, it looks like you've developed a type of conditioned response to the scent of other omegas in heat. In the mountains, it was your brothers' scents, but here you seem to react to Max and his friends, as well. Your body learned that the smell of an omega in heat meant that you wouldn't get food, so it goes into starvation mode. You aren't hungry right now because your body has just gotten used to not being hungry."
Jo chuckled. "I agree. We'll have to redo the teams for swords, so Sam and Gabriel against me and Gadreel with Benny as referee."
"My shaman knows. There are six males and one female, all omegas. My shaman had problems seeing the female, most likely because the images are distorted by the presence of a psychic or seer, but I am sure that I will meet her at some point."
"I don't think that's true. The gods are often capricious and cruel, so thank them for those things that are good and helpful, and beg them to change the parts of life that are unfair. Do you think I ran a campaign for ten years, led an army against the worst that the Parthians could throw at us, and hold my dying soldiers in my arms without railing against Mars for failing to help? Do you think I did not beg Vejovis to keep them in the mortal realm just a little longer? My words, in both directions, must have swayed the gods, because we did win, and I lost a very small number of my men in comparison with the generals of other legions. Your prayers, however you made them and whomever you made them to, brought you to me. I can't give you pups, and I don't even know what god you should curse for that, but I can give you affection and I'm definitely willing to buy into the breeding fantasy when I go into rut."
Mary shrugged, checking to make sure that Dean was keeping a close eye on Adam before returning her attention to the commotion. "I think that's Metatron, the Emperor's scribe. I don't know what he would be doing so far from the mountains, without guards, especially since he hates riding horses."
Jo chuckled, the sound shifting to a purr as she pulled the omega closer. "By the Ancestors, I thought you'd never ask."
Charlie rolled her eyes as she sorted out the canteens. "I hope they get out here soon so I can check their bags. I want to make sure we're ready to go at first light."
"Invite me back for the presentation of your first pup. Ceremonies up here are so much more extravagant than the ones we have back home, so I can't imagine what that party will look like. Knowing Crowley, the celebrations could last for a whole month."
"I don't know. Michael burned his grace and there's barely a spark left. Without Michael to heal him, there's no way he'll survive."
Sam connected the dots first, his hazel eyes widening. "They were starved when we met them, and Cas was worse off than his brothers. Somehow, he has associated the scent of an omega in heat with starvation, so his body suppresses his hunger when he smells it."
They both looked up as Alfie's howl sounded through the door to his room, Kevin chuckling as he reached out and poured himself some water. "That boy has the loudest orgasms, I swear. I pity the beta who eventually mates him and has to put up with that."
Balthazar, who had managed to slip behind Dean, held out his hand, forestalling any further retreat. Swallowing hard, the omega paused, standing still in the chest-deep water as he tried to plan his escape. "Come back here. I know we were jerks to you before, so let's start over." Balthazar held out his unnaturally long right arm and smiled his face generally welcoming. "Hi, I'm Balthazar."
"It went well, Excellency, thank you for asking." John, a grizzled alpha with bright blue eyes and a beard that was more gray than brown now, pulled his gangly younger son forward, the boy's mop of messy brown hair covering his eyes. Castiel hated this part of politics, the useless banter back and forth before cutting to the chase. Obviously Sam had survived his rut as he was standing
Mary smiled and nodded. "Only because the teacher is a prude. Maybe this year I'll volunteer to expand on the course in a more neutral location, and open the curriculum to middle school students. Pups are hitting their presentation earlier and earlier now, and even beta females are capable of having pups well before their teen years. They could use some extra guidance, and their parents are not always comfortable talking about 'the birds and the bees', so to speak."
Mshindi shrugged. "They train themselves. All of our children are taught self-control and we all pride ourselves on being able to ignore our biological urges when required. Omegas also learn not to react to alphas' scent during their heats, which is something I think you two will excel at. Come, I will show you what I mean." The Nomad pushed himself to his feet, clad in a borrowed cream skirt and top, wearing gray woolen pants under the skirt to protect his legs from the late winter chill, a matching vest hanging loosely around his lean chest. The clothes were Alfie's, but they fit the slender Nomad relatively well, Mshindi having requested something to wear that would be more appropriate for winter than his red robe. He had also borrowed a pair of boots, which he found confining but much warmer than his hide sandals.
Gabriel didn't move, didn't blink, having no way to communicate with this woman. He didn't recognize her accent, but the power pulsing off of her slender form was palpable. Her purple eyes bore into his, and he felt his wolf retreat, his fur and wings fading and just leaving
Crowley wrapped one arm around Balthazar's back, slipping the other under his legs as he stood from the table, the omega's blanket forgotten in a pile on the floor. "I'm going to take him to bed, and I imagine that he will sleep through the night. You boys are welcome to join if you feel like you need to."
Benny, who had climbed to the top of the outcropping of rock just offshore, crossed his arms over his hairy chest and grunting proudly from his new position, catching his fellow recruits' attention. Dean felt the faintest blush warm his cheeks and he looked down, ordering his body not to react to the sight of a reasonably attractive, big male alpha with a not unimpressive . . . he mentally slapped himself at the thought, knowing that alphas and dominant betas frequently bathed together and they certainly never reacted to the sight of their fellows naked. Omegas were kept apart, protected from the raunchy activities of the more aggressive subgenders, and Dean was struggling to keep himself under control. He wasn't even sure if he was actually attracted to Benny, but his omega had become somewhat confused after three weeks of muted scents and being suppressed to allow for Dean's more aggressive side to come forward.
As soon as Crowley saw every face that he expected to, he carefully stood from his throne, hands clasped behind his back as his eyes glowed, ever so slightly, with his power. "Thank you all for responding to my emergency summons. I know that I rarely use it, so I am grateful that you were all able to gather so quickly."
Cas woke slowly, the late afternoon sun too annoying to ignore. He shifted his weight and froze as the omega stretched across his chest started to purr, clearly a protest of the movement. Betas couldn't purr, and an alpha's purr was really just a low growl, but an omega's purr was soothing, able to portray contentment and, if Donna could be believed, perhaps even speed the healing of wounds. Right now, it was being used to lull the alpha back to sleep, to maintain the peaceful tableau a little longer. Cas chuckled at the ploy, raising his arm to run his fingers through Dean's hair, the purr intensifying as the omega woke up. "Aren't you hungry, little one?"
Partway around the lake, Gabriel nudged Sam and nodded at their brothers. "They're perfectly matched, you know. Cassie thinks that we don't know, but he partnered with dozens, perhaps more than a hundred submissive betas and omegas. I don't think he let more than a few male betas mount him since he had his first heat, and he hated the attraction he had to alphas while he was in the throes of it."
The car fell into a companionable silence after that, Sam staring out the window again as he considered everything that Castiel had confirmed. How had he known all of that about the four archangels and their seraph friend? His hazel eyes widened in shock as he realized that if the information had actually come from Gabriel, there was no way that trickster could have known about Cas becoming a seraph since he died before that happened.
Dean shrugged as he stared at the titles. "We normally only have me and Sammy. Cas, do you have a preference?"
Meg shrugged. "Her new mate seems fine with her. He's noble and thankfully lives very far away from here."
Cas hadn't wanted to admit that he didn't know what a '67 Impala was or why Dean sounded so proud of it, but he couldn't stifle his gasp of shock when he saw the car. It was beautiful, shining black in the afternoon sun and clearly much more well-loved than anything else in the parking lot. From the shape of the car, even he could tell it was old, but there wasn't a dent, scratch, or speck on rust anywhere to be found.
"His three brothers have iridescent fur, also," Tasha offered helpfully, waiting for Elvis to shift forms so she could strap the supplies to his side. "It's quite a remarkable color, isn't it?"
He half-expected the alpha to offer him a ride; surely this self-assured mayor's son had a car of his own and alphas had often offered to drive him places in an attempt to grope him or worse. Dean's reply was nothing like he had expected. "Hey, buddy, I get that. Look, if your brothers say you can stay a bit longer, come find me; otherwise we'll try it some other time." Clearly he understood that Cas's brothers were older, more dominant, or both, and that the young omega would have to clear his plans with them.
Kevin dropped his grin and sighed, staring at his reflection for a moment before speaking again. "The truth is, we're both frauds. Your ancestors never sent me, they don't even like me. I mean, you risked your life to help the people you love. I risked your life to help myself. At least you had good intentions." Dean offered the dragon a slight smile at that, too tired and broken to be upset that Kevin had lied to him for weeks. It hardly mattered; Dean had needed help to get into the army and stay on track and the dragon had provided everything he needed. It little mattered now if the Ancestors liked either one of them.
"Store room," Ash replied absently. "They brought in a huge supply of honey from the south today and he had to rearrange things to fit it all in there."
"It's certainly not on April's list," Meg added, rejoining the pair with a bowl of food from the street vendor in each hand. One of the guards—Cas thought his name was Cole—held another, bowing to the prince as he handed it over, Dean taking one from his fellow concubine. Bobby and Rufus had returned to their stall, having some gemstones to offload before starting their trip to Cyrenaica, so the trio ate their midday meal alone.
The first spirit to speak was an old woman, pins in her hair holding it in a heavy bun. She had been an omega in life, a woman who bore a three alpha and a dozen omega pups, living long enough to see them all happily mated. "I knew it, I knew it! That Dean was a troublemaker from the start."
Rowena smiled and tilted her head. "The prophet told me that Balthazar was the one for him. Why do you think I sent him back with Ruby and Meg?"
"Much, but I can feel that burning already returning. I'll have another episode before supper, I'm sure." Alfie reached for his own cup of water, taking a sip before speaking again. "What were you talking about before I interrupted?"
"Of course. Your boys are welcome to join, of course. I'll see you at lunch." Alfie and Kevin joined their mother at the table, digging into the food with more enthusiasm than normal. Crowley led Balthazar to his private study where they would share breakfast with his first meeting of the day, as usual.
Gabriel shook his head, accepting the reassurance but still not completely happy with the news. He squeezed Sam's wrist again. "Oh, you want to know why? Sorry, of course. Tasha is going to send a message to one of her old friends in the Spellbound pack, one who may be able to help you. Alphas are not allowed to cross the border, and Benny is too close to the Head Alpha of Wilderness pack, so your brothers were the only ones who could go along with the party. All of them wanted to, but only Balthazar could."
A few of the other alphas who had been involved in the brawl moved forward, their eyes flashing as they angled for a piece of the action. Anna watched curiously, not motivated to stop the coming violence but curious why the newest soldier was still standing so calmly, only a faint hint of anger burning along his cinnamon scent and no red in his eyes. What kind of alpha didn't rage out when faced with a fight?
When they returned to the Winchester mansion that night, many of the Pack members staying over to play video games with the birthday boy, though Alfie cuddled close to his side the entire time. Even when he was yawning, too tired to hold the controller anymore, the young omega refused to go to bed, dozing with his head resting on Adam's shoulder.
"I helped a little. Mom and Auntie Arlene did most of it. She's not really my aunt, she's mated to my cousin, but we all just call her that. Everyone seemed to enjoy it."
Dean reached across the table and touched his brother's hand, smiling softly in an effort to calm the younger Winchester son. "Sammy, you shouldn't have to go. You're only sixteen."
They ran through the day and into the night, only stopping for quick water breaks before taking off again. Sam wouldn’t let them slow down, a deep fear building inside him the closer they got to the eastern compound. He could sense that there was something wrong with the omega in his arms, some weakening of the grip around his neck or a slight dullness in those gold eyes, but when he looked harder everything seemed fine. A couple of hours after night fell, Sam finally nudged Dean’s side with his knee, asking him to call for a break. They had covered a lot of ground and should be able to make it to the splinter pack before sunset the next day.
"Hey," Sam protested, narrowing his hazel eyes at the cocky omega that had taken up residence in his lap. "I am more than a vessel to provide you food."
Dean chuckled and shook his head, loosening up the more time he spent with the alpha. "I think that could be an exaggeration. I mean, in an army, with all of that sweat and leather and alpha musk, you think I could smell a pricked finger?"
Cas tilted his head and met Dean’s eyes in the rearview mirror. “Would you prefer that I lie? Dean, he hates you for refusing to be his vessel, he hates me for that Holy Fire Molotov, and he hates Sam for overcoming Lucifer long enough to throw both of them into the Cage. If angels had hit lists, we would be on his. We would
between them had been gone while Cas wore that collar. Cas seemed to know what Michael was planning, and Dean was suddenly very afraid that the seraph hadn’t told him everything about the punishments that he used to receive at the malicious hands of the archangel.
John's blue eyes widened in shock, nodding slowly at the omega teen. "You read his book? I didn't know it was taught in schools outside of Kansas. Dean says you're from Illinois."
before placing it carefully on the table and pushing himself to his feet. He always felt more confident when he was towering over people, and this was one person he truly dwarfed. “Look, you might as well show yourself. I know you’re there.”
"Charlie is coming with me," Rowena announced, "and you two will take Balthazar back with you to visit our castle."
pairing. Since the release of seasons four through eleven, a new pairing has taken over the fandom and makes up fully a third of fics on the two main websites."
height. The hunters gathered around Sam were patiently watching the brothers decimate the ranks of Seraphs and lesser Angels, their weapons held at the ready but generally useless in this kind of melee. Except for Sam, Jody, and Donna, none of them possessed an angel blade and could not have been much help at all. In all fairness, Sam didn’t want to interrupt the two, content to watch the beautiful blonde as he took out the last angel.
"This would not be the first time Lucifer used you to release one of my concubines. Ones that he desired himself. I thought I made it clear to you before I left that I intend to keep Dean."
The blonde archangel rested his head on Sam's shoulder, one eye still glued to the screen. "I do believe this is the first time that I've featured in one of your stories."
completely naked even though Gadreel had clearly been provided with suitable clothing. He opened his mouth to protest this treatment, freezing as he realized that he couldn’t speak, his voice stuck in his throat. He couldn’t even whimper.
"Yes, Father." Cas offered Claire a comforting shoulder squeeze before mounting his horse and trotting to the side, watching as Steve moved the cannon cart to the front and grabbed his supply roll from inside. Each of the soldiers traveling with Cas tied their supplies to their saddles as well as a small pouch of food, checking their steeds and moving into line near the cannon wagon. Most of their tack was already wrapped in cloth to protect the horses from the cold metal, but everyone checked for anything that might make noise during their march.
Sam sat down on the bed beside Gabriel, a pair of servants having already cleared the remains of their breakfast. The alpha smiled and wrapped his arm around Gabriel's shoulders, pulling him against his side. The blonde didn't resist; this was the part of spending time with Sam that he would never tire of. He inhaled the bigger man's scent, letting it silence the voice in his head for a moment. "What are you thinking about?"
"Third. You have it second, right? I'm sure you can speak to your counselor about rearranging your schedule, especially since they tend to be pretty lenient for pack-related reasons."
Crowley tilted his head curiously. "You have two alpha brothers, Castiel. How can you not know? Dean had to stay away from you because he was starting a rut. He didn't want to risk endangering you, especially since you're too young to help him."
"I know," Anna replied slowly, "but he'd walk with the rest of the caravan without help. It's almost like he's afraid of getting too far away from the cart."
Charlie grinned as she loosened her armor, the other three quickly following suite. Dean was already dressed only in his pants and top, leaving his armor on Khan with most of his supplies, so he headed to the small building and grabbed enough clothes for everyone. They were quick to rub lotion over their major scent glands, Dean giving them each a quick coating of white face makeup, eyeshadow, and lipstick that should match what the concubines would wear in public. Anna, who had seen her half-siblings' dams all of her life, was able to help everyone perfect their outfits, even handing out fans that had been tucked in with the washing. They moved over to the columns, each of them pulling out a long silk scarf to use as a rope to climb, Dean looking over at a quick tap on his shoulder. Cas, who hadn't changed out of his armor or put on any scent blockers, untied his cape and wrapped it around the column, smiling as he waited for Dean's signal. The omega smiled warmly at his captain before turning back to his column and pulling his sash taut, beginning his climb to the top. The other five followed.
If Dean thought there was a chance his training would get better, he was sorely disappointed over the next week. He was terrible at staff fighting, as most of the alphas would gang up on him and prevent him from finishing the day's training, though Castiel never seemed to catch them. Claire tried to chase them off in the beginning, but Benny and Balthazar egged the rest of the soldiers on and she wasn't big enough to protect him. Castiel taught them archery, frowning at the lack of prowess among his recruits, though Dean could get an arrow on the right tree from time to time. The martial arts training, part of which required him to balance a bucket of water on his head and deflect rocks that his fellow recruits lobbed at him, was a little easier for the omega, as he did have a natural grace that took the alphas longer to master.
Well, at least that was one question he could answer honestly, even if Balthazar was referring to John's oldest son and not the younger ones that Den was actually protecting. "Yeah, I do."
At night, the wolves would curl up around the campfire, one of them on watch at all times while the other three cuddled as close as they could to share their body heat. It reminded Balthazar of the hectic trip south through the mountains, though at the time he had been a great deal hungrier and gripped in the thralls of his heat, so he had not enjoyed it nearly as much.
Dean reached out and ran a finger down one of the covert feathers near the elbow joint of his left wing, tracing the barbs as they changed from the shiny midnight-blue color to a lighter azure shade at the tips. He gently wrapped his hand around the leading edge of Cas's wing, feeling the stretch of the skin under his palm as he moved down to the feathers of his alula and past his wrist to the great primary feathers. The angel helpfully folded his wing so Dean could run his hand down the length of his longest primary feather, happy to watch the human so entranced with his wings.
"Sorry," Dean answered instinctively, his back bowing slightly as he started to offer his neck to the alpha. Kevin's admonishment that alphas did not submit to anyone flashed through his mind, and he made a conscious effort to stand taller and look up into Castiel's eyes. "I mean, sorry that got out of hand. We were just, uh, messing around. You know, alpha stuff."
Gadreel crossed his arms over his chest, working his jaw in that strange way that meant he was thinking something over. "I'm going to assume that you have no more for us than that."
"Cas, the blockers only work for twelve hours or so. Why don't I keep them in my locker and you can stop by every morning? You're going to join the track team, so you'll have practice every afternoon and you'll sweat or shower the remainder of them off. By the time you see your dad that night, you'll smell normal again."
Sighing, Cas threw his blankets back and slipped out of bed, straightening his borrowed pajamas and running a hand through his sleep-tousled hair. He slipped out of his room and padded to the bathroom to take care of his suddenly protesting bladder. After washing his hands, he sighed and turned toward the alpha bedroom wing of the house, hoping that Dean would not mind an early morning visitor.
It was too much to ask Dean to contain his reaction a second time, the white paint on his face concealing the red mark from Crowley's hand but doing nothing to dull the pain. He leaned forward and growled, narrowing his eyes as he snapped his teeth at the older man. Crowley stepped back in shock, his cheeks turning red under the faint while powder he wore. Dean realized his mistake, backing down instantly, but it was too late to placate the Matchmaker.
Mary cleared her throat from the table near the throne, pointing at the pile of neatly and messily wrapped gifts in every color of birthday paper the stores sold. "Dean, we're never going to get to presents if you keep monopolizing him."
"That was all Jo. She's the best tracker I have ever met. She said that red deer come into the forests during the winter and she knew the kind of places they would bed down. Benny and Gadreel helped kill them and carry them back."
Ruby straightened and stepped forward, glaring at the alpha who had questioned her. "Where is Crowley? You said he would meet us here." She outranked him among the overall Spellbound pack, a member of Crowley's inner circle, so defying her wouldn't end well for the alpha guard.
"You're not the omega I want right now," Dean whispered, digging his fingers into the loamy soil at the edge of the water. Winter was truly fading now, with most of the snow melted and no clouds in the sky. Spring was only a week or so away.
"Yes. They used to be more common, of course. In the old days, winged wolves served as scouts and messengers, enforcing peace through the Three Lands under Chuck's rule. Most of them were omegas, since no one of any tribe would dare harm them, and even now the wings are more common with omega pups. They will show up when the omega is in heat, usually three to five years after their first one. Our theory was that the wings appeared when the wolves were grown enough to serve."
She followed the trail for almost two hours, sniffing every broken twig and torn leaf, examining tracks in the dirt and marks on the rough bark of trees. She found where Gerald had given chase relatively quickly, dismissing his scent and marks as she led the group to the edge of a small stream. Linda sniffed the bare ice, scratching at the uncertain surface and testing her weight before leading the group across it and deeper into the dark forest.
Sam's hazel eyes widened, the green in them darkening. "You didn't say anything about mating; you just asked for a kiss."
Balthazar squeezed his hand, grateful for the closure that Crowley had offered him. It would take a while for him to be able to spend time with strange alphas without fear, but at least he knew that Gerald would never be a problem again.
“Over in the back corner, past the snake breeders.” She leaned forward, the kitten still tucked safely against her chest and pointed helpfully. “Talk to the breeders and they can tell you what kind of parrots would be best for your lifestyle.”
Balthazar looked around the small bedroom in amazement. It was sparsely furnished, with only a bed, a table, and a single chair, but he could see the gardens out of the window and he didn't have to share with anyone. Never in his life had the omega slept alone; his mother had only allotted one bedroom suite to each set of twins. Even in Asa's home he had shared a room with Castiel and Gadreel, one of them always sleeping in the hospital wing at Gabriel's side during his long recovery. For the next two months, at least, he would finally have some privacy. Even though he missed his brothers, and especially his twin, Balthazar was glad to have a room to himself. For the first time since crossing the border into Spellbound lands, the young omega silently thanked Rowena for insisting that he undertake this pilgrimage. He was going to enjoy the chance to grow into his own wolf.
Linda apparently owned a small wing of the imposing castle, on the third floor looking north toward the city's gardens. She assigned Balthazar the bedroom next to Samandriel's, though they all shared a common living and dining area. Since he hadn't brought any supplies at all, the two boys offered Balthazar some simple clothes from their own wardrobes to tide him over until Linda could have him something made in town.
"I don't understand," Dean growled, shoving his clothes into his bag as Kevin helpfully tied his sleeping roll. There was a team bringing down the tents in an hour, so he had to be packed up and ready to move by then. The omega carefully packed his oils and herbs into a padded bag, one small enough that he could carry it on his person. The march would be long and hard, so the last thing he needed was to sweat off his fake scent. No one would notice the small bag among all of his other supplies.
"His eyes are gold normally," Sam snarled, puffing out his chest as he whirled on the lean alpha, his entire posture threatening violence. "It doesn't mean he's interested in your sleazy brother."
Are you out of your damned mind? Sammy, she is the mother of the head alpha of Spellbound pack and we are the pups of the head alpha of Wilderness. We have been at war for three generations, maybe longer! She won't help him. I wouldn't help her."
Cas bucked up into him, whining as Dean took him in his mouth, managing to swallow him most of the way down before he hit his gag reflex. He was going to have to work on that, the hunter mused to himself. Cas didn't seem to mind at all, if the twitching of his wings and bucking of his hips were any indication. Dean hadn't given a blowjob in a long time, and he had rarely enjoyed the action in the past, but he had never wanted to suck someone off so much in his life. He could already taste the angel's precum, so he backed off and raised his eyes to meet Cas's brilliant blue.
“Yes, but you also told me to ‘make myself at home’ in my bedroom, so I purchased some things that I could not find in storage here.” That was actually the truth, since the mattresses in the store room were old and uncomfortable, the sheets that the boys had not already used were threadbare, and there was a distinct lack of extra tables and shelving in the bunker. Dean, accepting that explanation and happy that his friend was finally “nesting”, reached into his pocket and pulled out his wallet, glancing through the credit cards before finding one that he hadn’t remembered using yet. It was from some bank in New England.
"Fish is very healthy on its own," Cas interjected. "I think it's a great idea to cook over a fire."
"You just gave away our position!" Cas flung his arm in the direction of the open pass, his scent and stance radiating fury. "Now we're—" An arrow flew in from the north, striking Cas in the armor over his shoulder with enough force to knock him from his horse. Struggling to catch his breath from the sudden impact with the ground, Cas ripped the arrow free and threw it away, staring at the sky as it darkened with the next volley. "Get out of range!"
The alpha shook his head, squeezing Balthazar's hand gently. "This is my line. I'm not willing to risk your sanity when I'm not allowed to ask if you'll let me court you."
“They’re younger. I don’t sell unweaned babies unless you’re very experienced, so you would be better off with babies that are already six months old or so. Macaws, Cockatoos, and Greys are a bit more work and tend to have more emotional problems for inexperienced owners, but Caiques, Ringnecks, and Quakers would be options for you.”
Dean was staring at a picture of Gabriel's Horn on his laptop, one of the many weapons that had been named after an angel who had never seen it or cared about its use. He drained a glass of whiskey and stared at the picture, his voice gravelly as he began to pray. "Castiel? Hello? Possible loose nuke down here, angelic weapon. Kinda your department." He closed the laptop and dropped it on the bed. "You hear that, Cas?" As he stood and walked around the bed, he found himself face-to-face with the seraph, who was looking a little worse for the wear after a yearlong war in Heaven that he was currently losing.
"I know, and I appreciate it. Maybe . . . maybe Benny could talk to Mike and Luci. I haven't seen both of them together since Lucifer's birthday on December First, and I really don't want them to move out and forget us."
"And now there are four archangels again," Sam mused. "Although one is really new to his powers and one is certifiably insane and mostly homicidal."
, splashing Kevin where he stood on shore. Cri-Kee barely missed being drowned, chirping something that was probably very unkind.
"About time," the cook grumbled, tapping Gadreel's shoulder and nodding toward the stalls ahead of them. "Your Highness, this is the section of the market for Maghreb traders." Benny was one of Cas's close friends and allowed to use his name, but in public he would refer to the prince formally.
Kevin, ear pressed against the tent fabric, clenched his tiny fists. "Oh no you don't. I've worked too hard to get Dean into this war." He kept his voice low, knowing that Dean, at just over six feet tall, wouldn't be able to hear him. He turned to Cri-Kee, who had finished his treat and was staring at the tent with twitching antennae. "This guy's messing with my plan."
"Of course! I'm travel-sized for your convenience. If I was my real size, your cow here would die of fright." Khan, clearly deciding that this tiny dragon was a threat, snapped his teeth at him, trying to chase him off of Dean's arm. Kevin raised one paw and glared at the horse, snorting a puff of smoke at the huge beast. "Down, Bessie." He turned back to Dean, grinning at the tall omega. "My powers are beyond your mortal imagination. For instance, my eyes can see straight through your armor."
Cas blushed and ducked his head. "I should have thought of that. I knew that you were a demon, I mean I could see it, but it never occurred to me that you had all of the strengths that came along with that. Why didn't you tell me sooner?"
Crowley had joined Linda sometime after the wolves had flown away, his red eyes following Balthazar as the wolf turned to the side, silently asking for someone to help Mshindi dismount. The Nomad detached his buckles and slid off of Balthazar's back, helping Linda remove the harness so the other omega could shift back and slip into his clothes.
Alfie turned to his plate and dug into the food, watching Adam do the same out of the corner of his eye. They were alone at their end of the table, close enough to speak to the other youngsters if they wanted to, but with some small amount of privacy. Alfie studied this older alpha, trying to determine his age as he tore into the mashed potatoes. His own sense of smell was still weak and it would be until he got nearer his first heat, but he could easily tell that Adam hadn't had his first rut yet. He was in Cas's High School, though, so he must be around fourteen years old, only two older than Alfie. "It's very fun," the omega finally answered. "I've never played in one of those bouncy castles before but I've always wanted to. And the games were fun, too. Did you plan any of this, Adam?"
Cas shrugged and leaned back in his camping chair, staring at the water where his fishing line was waiting patiently for something to bite. He hadn't ever considered that he would like this fishing thing, waking up before dawn to catch the fish before the day warmed up too much, but really anything he did with Dean was enjoyable. The weather was too warm for mid-December, so the fish weren't really that interested in biting, but the pair still visited the lake on Saturday morning as usual. It was something John suggested during Cas's recovery from his attack, so Dean had taken him to the lake at least once a week since then.
beat me, Steve the alpha son of John Winchester. Let's see." He picked up his empty bowl and stalked away at that, his challenge clear to the camp. They were just recruits, and Castiel was a captain with fifteen or so years of experience in the Imperial Army; there was no way Steve was ever going to beat him in anything. They weren't averse to seeing him try, however.
"Just for moral support," Gabriel replied. "And Dad would have a coronary if we stayed after school on our own."
They reached the Matchmaker's house exactly two hours after dawn, the seven omegas kneeling on the cobblestones in front of Crowley's porch, heads bowed and shoulders tucked forward in submission. Dean had heard that in some towns, more rural ones farther from the Emperor's city, the Matchmaker would make the omegas, male or female, kneel for hours in front of their house before finally emerging to hear their cases. Fergus Crowley was demanding and could be cruel, but he had never been that malicious.
The hunter chuckled, remembering the bags of Skittles that he had bought for Cas more than a week earlier. "How did she get that name?"
Castiel smiled and dropped his gaze to their entwined fingers. "I wish you would have. I found you very attractive."
"WHAT?!" Cas lunged forward, Dean grabbing him around the waist as he reached for Rowena, desperate to hear the conversation for himself. Fear for his brother overrode all sense of self-preservation, because no one in their right mind would want to touch an irate witch crackling with that much power.
He found the concubine-robed omega helping the red-cloaked warrior wake up, the warrior pushing the concubine away as he rose to his knees and drew a pitiful knife. "You," he growled as he kicked the knife away, dragging the tall captain to his feet by the knot of his cloak. He had no idea where the concubine had gone, but he was too consumed with his desire for revenge to care. "You took away my victory!"
"Yeah, he did. It did something horrible to her and she took her own life not long after. Mother attacked Crowley, accused him of cowardice, and ran away from the pack. Not long after that, Crowley challenged Abaddon a second time and defeated her, forcing her to help him chase Cain and his children to the northern reaches of Spellbound lands. She's been loyal to him ever since, but Mother has never really forgiven Crowley for not saving her friend. What you saw today was probably the most civil they've been in decades."
He remembered back to Cas kissing Meg and that flash of jealousy that he had quickly buried, something he never thought about again after the demon died. He had refused to acknowledge his feelings back then, but after spending a year in purgatory trying to find his angel and get them both out, it seemed ridiculous to deny them now. Besides, Cas was incredibly responsive, struggling to pull Dean as close as possible as he tugged at the hunter's shirt with his free hand.
"Dean, it's good to see you out of the harem suite. Did you enjoy your trip to the market with Cas this morning?"
Dean wondered if the four were related. The black male looked as worried about the golden one’s wounds as Dean would be if Sam was injured. The dark red wolf stepped forward to offer his assistance, jumping back as the black male whirled and snapped his teeth. Dean responded with an instinctive growl, hackles raised as he jumped in, looking for an opening. The black male jumped on his back and sunk his claws into Dean’s shoulder, turning his jaws for a deadly bite. Dean twisted around and slammed his head into the black male’s side, throwing him off but earning the mahogany male a set of claw marks on his left shoulder.
"Of course. They are very intelligent. The book taught me how." He reached up to the blue parrot on his shoulder, asking her to step up before reaching out and holding her over the trash can near his bed. In his most authoritative Angel Garrison General voice, he gave her the command "hurry up," and the boys watched in amazement as the 90-gram bird obediently squatted down. As soon as she was done she stood up as far as she could and offered what was clearly the correct reply,
"He barely touched me, Sam," Gabe soothed, running his hand up and down the alpha's arm. "I'm alright, I promise."
"Trust me, Dean! It'll help." He tucked the cage under the right outer skirt "leg", hooking it to the sash holding Dean's pants and grinning. "Crowley won't even see it."
Ellen chuckled as she scored her loaf to create eight evenly sized slices after it was baked. "A new charity case for you, eh, Benny?"
Charlie watched Jo for a long moment before she decided to speak. "So, how long have you been running with the Winchester brothers?"
"As long as Dad doesn't flip when we tell him." Michael and Lucifer had both earned a number of small scholarships, some based on need and some on merit, that covered their school tuition with just enough left over for second-hand books. They hadn't been able to afford to live on campus, but they spent as many nights on their friends' couches as they could. This job would give them an opportunity to rent a small, one-bedroom apartment not far from school. They would still have to share a bedroom, as they had done their whole lives, but they would have more space and their siblings could spread out a bit more at their house.
Gabriel nodded, reaching down to adjust his blanket as Sam grabbed the handles on the back of his wheelchair and pushed him back into the compound. They were met by Max and one of the healers, the two omegas shooing them into the medical wing so they could check Gabriel's bandages. Sam helped the blonde settle onto his bed, taking a nearby chair as Max removed the bandages under the strict supervision of the older healer. Max had been born with impressive magical abilities, but he still had to learn the mundane, every day healing skills his mother relied on to care for her patients.
"She sees a possible future," Rowena interjected, reaching out to rest a hand on her protégé's shoulder. "But, yes, you should be perfectly capable of having children together. You may have a few more unsuccessful heats than an alpha/omega pair would, but clearly Charlie sees pups in your future. You don't have anything to worry about."
"I agree." Sam tapped the screen on his computer, switching back to the webpage he had been reading before Dean entered the room. "You'll be happy to know that Wincest is no longer the top
Meg shrugged. "The usual. Abbadon's still nipping at Crowley's heels, Ruby has been in a funk since our last skirmish with Cain's pack, and Rowena had to break up a particularly bad alpha fight between a few of the town teenagers. Mating season isn't even here yet and they're getting restless. Oh, Linda came back to the city."
"Crowley calls him Moose, actually," Dean pointed out, green eyes dancing at the bitch face his brother threw his way. "It's was kinda hilarious; Kevin is crazy good with martial arts, and he managed to get on Sam's back and almost choke him out. Sam doesn't tap out easily, so he tried to slam Kevin into the floor and ended up hitting his elbow on the edge of a couch instead. Bam, dislocated! It took weeks to heal."
Dean fell back and dropped his flint as an arrow from one of the surviving Hun archers flew right in front of him, barely missing its target. Frantic, Dean started to dig around in the snow, hoping that the archer wouldn't dare fire a second time with Dick so close. Far behind him, on the small ridge, Charlie, Anna, Benny, and Balthazar realized that Dean might not make it in time and the last thing they wanted was to watch their friend die while they were too far away to do anything. Even Castiel, their captain, had run after Dean, though it looked like he was going to be too late, too. Benny raised his sword and glanced at his friends, nodding toward Dean. "C'mon, we've gotta help." Nodding, the other three charged after him, swords held high as they offered their own battle cry to the approaching Hun army.
The omega shrugged, finishing his snack and returning the water skin to Mshindi. "Once in a while, yeah. You'd be surprised how rarely that happens." He sat up taller in Crowley's lap, resting his head on the alpha's shoulder and watching the omega brothers sit close to the alpha without any overt reaction to his scent. They were both still on edge, though, and they would probably need some time alone with their new toys when they returned to the room.
Gabriel reached across Sam and grabbed his brother's hand, offering Castiel some measure of support and comfort. "Rowena, who is the new King? Michael?"
"I don't like my little brothers smelling like cinnamon," Michael argued, the sullen grimace slowly fading from his face. "So, when do we get to meet this alpha of yours?"
Cas whined, leaning away from his brother's soothing touch, but he knew that he really didn't have a choice. He
The boy had a point; Cas did still trust him, and he knew that Dean wouldn't have risked coming to the Imperial City unless something had happened on that mountain. Maybe he was right, maybe the Huns really were here, but Cas had seen the avalanche. Certainly nothing had survived that. He forced his face into a mask of indifference and rode around Dean's horse, refusing to meet his eyes again as he returned to the parade.
“Fine.  I have a new fake ID for Jack in my bag somewhere that he can use when they card him.  While you’re in there, find yourself some jeans and a tshirt and my backup jacket.”
Balthazar shook his head, his blue eyes worried. "Not . . . not now. I have had them before . . . back in Celestial lands. I don't think it's the same cause, though. It wouldn't have lasted for almost two days if it was. I mean, I don't think it would."
Dean sighed in anticipation as he shed his training clothes, this set at least somewhat clean. He had spent the morning washing pretty much everything else he owned, all of it hanging on a line near his tent to dry in the afternoon sun. He had spent the afternoon relaxing, reading strategy scrolls near the training field with his new friends, finally leaving them and heading for a much-needed bath in the calm lake.
The blonde watched his alpha caretaker in silence, a plan brewing behind his golden eyes. He hadn't lost his feelings for Sam at all, but he wanted to be free of the restrictions that the alpha made him live under. He knew that they were for his own good, so he could heal and walk properly again, but sometimes he just wanted to be alone. Between his brothers and the four wolves who had taken them in, he never got a single moment to himself and it had been a long few weeks.
"I, uh, I can sell all of those hotels and mortgage these three properties and I think I will have enough." Gabe pouted as he passed the plastic pieces to Cas, unwilling to deal with Sam as banker while he was losing to the moose. Cas carefully counted out the money and passed it back, watching as his brother sadly handed the wad over to Sam.
"This is ridiculous," Dean growled, tightening his grip around Khan's lead. "How is anyone expected to walk like this all the time?"
"I'm going to miss you over the next week," Balthazar whispered, leaning close enough to rest his head in the crook of Crowley's neck, nuzzling the alpha's scent gland and letting the smell calm his wolf. He had no idea how fast he could fall for someone, but here he was, close to tears at the thought of spending a week away from his alpha.
“These are pretty deep. I have some salve here that will prevent infection, but I really think these need stitches. Your shoulder wound isn’t as bad, but I’m still worried about it.”
"Okay guys, let's kill the games for a while and grab some grub." Benny helped Gadreel to his feet, Charlie grumbling as she put the controller down and joined them. Kevin, who was one of the redhead's best friends and one of the few students at Lawrence High as nerdy as her, glanced up from his Surface and looked around the room, clearly only just realizing that he was hungry.
"What?" The burnet glanced at the golden wolf sitting by his side, his mouth slowly opening in shock. "Ancestors, I heard you. How did I hear you?"
Dean nodded and followed the big alpha into his tent, watching Castiel tie the flap shut. It made a decent seal and would keep out most of the wind, the tent clearly made by fine artisans in the Imperial City. The shelter had a center partition which Castiel pushed through, Dean following silently in his wake.
"Certainly, I can do that. I will also try to work with any female omegas who are in town before I leave, though I do not think I will still be here when they go into heat."
Khan tossed his head, clearly irritated at the dragon's tone, but Dean soothed the war horse before taking his reins and leading him down the mountain. What choice did he have but to follow the creature and try to bluff his way into the camp?
Kevin and Cri-Kee dove back into Dean's shirt as the omega reached the open courtyard, raising his head to meet the red-tinged eyes of his captain. "You're not suited for the rage of war, no matter how excellent your lineage," Castiel growled, throwing a tied scroll at Dean's feet. He recognized it as his conscription notice; returning it was a clear dismissal from the training program. "Pack up your things and go home; you're done here. After today, I don't see how I could make a warrior out of you." With that, the raven-haired alpha spun on one heel and stalked away, returning to his tent as Dean stood in the center of the open courtyard, alone.
"I thought you might want something nice to wear to your party today. Luci and I stopped by that Plato's on 23rd and found you guys something new. Well, newer, anyway."
Balthazar felt ice fill his frame as Crowley's words sunk in. Messengers. The alpha was talking about messengers.
"Good." Chuck polished off his coffee and headed for the sink to deposit his mug, blue eyes narrowing as he glanced at Cas's backpack. "I expect you to return those scent blockers to your friend today. They aren't cheap, you know, and he shouldn't be wasting his money on silly frivolities like that for people who don't need them."
Gabriel shrugged, ducking to the side as a tight cluster of alpha jocks rushed past them. They all wore their letterman jackets with the school's colorful logo on the upper left side, their last names embroidered on the back. They had only been at the school for a couple of weeks, so Cas didn't recognize any of them, but one of the stragglers managed to "accidentally" stumble into him as he rushed to catch up with his friends. Cas growled, but it was too late; the alpha's slimy scent was all over his arm. He would wash it off as soon as he could, but he knew that he would suffer with that metallic, acrid smell all day. "Great."
He kept banging on his gong, feeling the strange magic in it reaching out for the huge statue but not getting any response. He climbed up to the statue's ear, growling in annoyance at the extra effort as he banged his gong again, louder, and yelled into the stone ear. Nothing happened.
"You had better hope he doesn't do it at school. There are hundreds of presented alphas and dominant betas who wouldn't bother to hold themselves back from someone who smells like he does, and Alastair will be the least of your problems. We've done a pretty good job of teaching Pack members to control their urges around heats and ruts, but you might want to go over that again with your leaders. Put them on alert."
Dean settled back onto the ground, placing one hand over Charlie's where it still rested on his arm. "He has his brothers, Max, and the other omegas in that wing to help him," Dean realized, his voice soft and contemplative.
Offering his brother a supportive smile, Dean relented. "What do you want me to do? Tasha said that she can't heal a mind."
Kevin threw his arms down, tearing his paper wings away to reveal a huge rocket-shaped firework tied to his back. "I am ready, baby!" Kevin breathed a quick burst of fire on a stick he had taken from the fireworks pavilion, holding it to the cricket standing on one of the rocket fins. "Light me!"
"Cas," Dean teased softly, looking up at the unyielding wood of his door, "are you asking me to date you?"
"Dean can teach you," John offered as he entered the room, laden with platters with Benny on his heels. "He's a great cook, takes after his dad."
"We can't tell her," Alicia added, glancing up the hill at their home. "It's hard to carry twins to term, and she will be terrified about losing them. The midwife will inform her when it's too late her own concerns to threaten her chances of getting pregnant."
Benny stripped out of his clothes and shifted, following Sam out across the plain and vanishing into the tall grasses almost instantly. A few moments later, much sooner than Gabriel had been expecting, he heard a quick growl and a
Cas grinned and hurried to finish his serving, Dean's excitement infectious. He still couldn't believe that he had only known the alpha for a few days; this was the most
Linda nodded and pulled off her shirt, quickly stripping down to her wolf-fur undergarments as her sons followed suit. Maggie handed her the bag, packing her own clothes in side as her mate followed suit, Ruby and Meg waiting patiently for orders. Crowley stripped out of his clothes and handed them to Linda, nodding toward the two women who had brought Balthazar to him. "Do you want to come with us? It's your choice."
"We were trained by a Celestial peacekeeper, but he is nowhere near the warrior that Wilderness pack can produce. Rowena told us that we are weapons, and we want to be good ones." Cas smiled and lightly punched Dean's shoulder. "She said you're a weapon, too. We're the same, just from different lands."
fan art that pervaded the site, but he wasn't sure if risqué pictures of the hunter and the angel or insightful philosophical analyses of the nature of the Destiel relationship would help him at all. So, he settled on his third instinct, which was to treat Dean like a frightened animal just looking for any way out of whatever cage he locked his deepest emotions inside.
“What is the meaning of this, Fergus? You sent an angel to fetch me and force me to do your bidding? Is that any way to treat your mother?”
"Gabe, it's fine. I know now why he sent me away. At the time, he told me that the angels would find me if I stayed; they knew that I would return to Dean no matter what, and he didn't want me to go any more than I wanted to. He gave me some money and suggested some places I could try for work before driving me to the bus station."
"Okay, all right, that's enough," Kevin growled, shaking himself to get rid of most of the water before drying himself with the corner of Dean's hanging towel. "Now, c'mon, get out before you get all pruny and stuff."
“Cas, you don’t sing along to any of my music in the car, and I’m pretty sure you only even know the names of, like, thirteen songs.  What would you even sing?  Can you sing?”
The two angels standing over Sam exploded, the remaining angels facing the other hunters suffering a similar fate as Gabriel’s flash of rage overrode the limitations of his vessel. Sam remembered Lucifer dispatching Castiel with a snap of his fingers when he had been the Devil’s vessel, but Gabriel had told him that he had never been able to do that. Apparently he just needed the right provocation.
"Besides, Cas was worried you might freeze to death if left to your own devices," Hannah added, reaching over to clasp Dean's hand kindly.
"They would have been content with their lives if they had just accepted their fates," Zachariah shot back, the rotund old alpha furious at the loss of the omega his pack was promised. He was the oldest of the pack alphas, grey and balding, and he was hardly intimidating in either form. No one had any idea why Uriel, Ishim, or Bartholomew hadn't challenged him for the pack yet, though the loss of the omegas might push them over the edge.
"Is that what we are, messengers?" Castiel's cobalt eyes eagerly searched Rowena's face for some hint of his purpose in life, for the reason he had sprouted wings at twenty years old.
"No. Jody offered her a place, but she's a beta, and Jo really wanted to follow a strong alpha. There aren't many female alphas in my pack—Jo is the only one among the nobles—and she has some identity issues trying to find her place. She's gotten a lot better over the years."
Mary would never admit to being nervous as she walked into a room full of teenagers, a bundle of pamphlets in her arms with a laptop and book on top. She placed her supplies on the desk in the front of the room, grabbing a black marker and heading to the glass board on the wall behind her. "Good morning, class. As all of you know, I am Mary Winchester, wife of the Mayor, currently the District Attorney of Lawrence. I am here to teach a sexual education class that was approved by the School Board and follows national guidelines for a comprehensive sexuality education course at Level 4, approved for adolescents aged 15 through 18. I know that many of you have spoken to your parents about this topic, especially as some of you have already passed your presentation and may be sexually active. We will be going over six topics today, all of which will be covered in more detail in this pamphlets and in the online resources that I will give you links for: human development, relationships, personal skills, sexual behavior, sexual health, and society and culture. Please ask any questions you have as we go." She wrote the six topics on the left, outside of the area the projector would light.
"No, Crowley," Mshindi murmured, his eyes thoughtful. "You need to stay. They need this test as much as you do."
Dean shrugged. "I kinda liked it. He really liked it. Besides, the other way would be too risky. I'm not stupid."
"He wanted to surprise you. Your alpha also swapped into my Spanish and English classes. Sam moved his Chem class to seventh with me and dropped one of his electives to take Omega Studies fourth period."
The bites on his shoulder only took a few stitches, Sam dabbing away the remaining blood as he took the poultice Jo offered. The green mixture would prevent infection and promote healing, often with the added side-effect of pain relief. He slathered a thin layer over each wound, taking a thick cotton pad and placing it over top of each, covering that with a long piece of heavier cloth to keep it from moving. He wrapped another long, narrow strip of cloth around Gabriel’s leg just above his knee, continuing to cover every inch of skin to the inside of his upper thigh, using the last of the roll to wrap it a couple of times around his waist before securing it in place.
The tall alpha sighed and ran his fingers through his raven hair, closing his blue eyes and letting his sister's words sink in. Anna had always been amazed that young Castiel looked so much like Michael, but the two brothers couldn't be any different. "Fine, it makes sense. Get the envoys ready and we'll send them out when the weather is better."
Crowley shrugged. "We've measured your speed during your flying training; we both know you have the endurance to fly for three or four hours without stopping. By my calculations, the post is less than three hours' flight from here, so you should be able to make it there and back by lunch without any problems."
Sam nodded sharply, glaring at the orange in his hands as he carefully peeled it. "I'm sure you remember those weird brothers from Sweden? The ones who are all somehow in the same grade because one failed sixth grade and one skipped forward?"
Slipping his angel blade into the pocket of his jacket, Sam stepped forward and carefully wrapped his arms around Gabriel from behind, resting one hand on the mark that made him a guardian angel. “Gabe, you can do this. Cas is smart. He knows I’m looking for him and he’s going to guess that I found angelic help. He’s calling out on angel radio, you just need to push through that static and
Kevin snorted. "You don't want to know. Alright, Cas, since I'm guessing you've never played before, let me give you a quick rundown."
"White Russia," the angel replied, looking around, making sure that no one had followed his teleport. It seemed that Atropos had not noticed his interference yet.
Sam had his gun out in a second before he even consciously registered that there was another person in the bunker with him. He stared down the barrel of his pistol into a pair of insanely gold eyes much lower than he thought they should be, topped by a head of swept-back dark blonde hair. Sam slowly holstered his gun, staring in shock at the youngest of the archangels and one who was most certainly dead. He reached into his pocket and found a small pack of salt, pouring it into his palm and gingerly tossing it on the smaller man. Gabriel frowned in a really impressive imitation of Sam’s Bitchface #27, the one he used when Dean was doing something that was both incredibly stupid and excessively childish. “I’m not a ghost, Samsquatch, and salt doesn’t deter angels.”
"It's iridescent white," the Celestial confirmed. "My brothers and I all have unusual colored coats. And yes, my wolf form is rather large for an omega, bigger even than most of the other non-alpha Celestials I know. In general, it seems that Celestials are taller than wolves from other lands, and we have deeper chests to accommodate the greater lung capacity that allows us to breathe in the mountains. Maybe I can teach you two about fighting as wolves if you help me hone my weapon skills."
"Well, go unpack your supplies in one of the empty tents in the back and bring your wonderful steed back to me. I'll stable him with the rest of the herd until we get to mounted combat."
The omega grinned as he started to strip out of his clothes, Kevin and Alfie helping him fold them neatly and pack them away. He still hadn't mastered changing forms with clothes on, though Alfie could now manage cotton pants, but he left his beaded necklace on so he could continue to practice as they traveled. Mshindi, who of course could change with his heavy winter clothes and small supply bag, waited in human form for as long as he could, knowing that his short-furred desert-adapted wolf form wouldn't be immune to the lingering winter chill. "I can't wait for you to see Cas. He's bigger than most
"Yes, ma'am," the girl replied, placing her brush neatly back on the dresser. She followed Mary out of the room, bare feet padding on the dark hardwood floors toward the dining room. "Do you need help getting Alfie out of bed? He can be stubborn."
The blond beta did the math in his head quickly, glancing at Mary's squares on the board. "The chance that I would produce a 4-O pup with an omega is pretty high, isn't it?"
Kevin's eyes widened in shock, the alpha raising a hand to his heart and falling dramatically to the ground. "You've killed me, Winchester. How could you deny me your mother's wonderful cooking when you know what I have to eat without it?"
"Food should be enjoyable, not barely palatable," Balthazar argued, having only taken a small ration of porridge that morning before scoring some fruit. He looked around for a moment, nodding at the few recruits he was related to before nudging Benny with his foot. "Hey, our new friend has finally arrived for breakfast."
Sam shrugged. “The head alpha owes his life to our mother; he considers it at debt he can never repay, so he would not refuse us. And, like Dean said earlier, you four are under our protection. No harm will come to you, I swear it.”
"It was Gabe's idea," Cas explained, smiling as that now-familiar cinnamon and leather scent washed over him. He didn't notice Maggie's sudden urgent glance over her shoulder, or the shrug thrown in reply by the tallest alpha in her Pack.
Lucifer reached for the tie roped around Cas's wings, releasing the knot and letting it fall to the floor. "How long did that take you?"
"You know, my first time sleeping in a . . . cuddle pile, as some of my family members like to call it, was pretty embarrassing for me." Dean looked up slightly, still not meeting Balthazar's eyes but listening. "It was all my friends and siblings, of course, but I'd never curled up with omegas before, and I was still really young. Just out of my first rut, with all of these scents I could finally smell, I had a pretty erotic dream." Dean did look up at that, his eyes a clear, if pale, green as curiosity threaded its way into his scent. "I woke with my morning wood pressed against the ass of Michael's future mate, and he was not happy. He wanted to tear me to pieces, brother or not, but Cas protected me. He understands that our bodies can react in ways that we would not allow if we were awake, and sleeping with so many others for the first time is a strange enough situation that our minds need to find a way to work through it."
“You have been on edge all day,” Jo replied, gingerly touching near the poisoned skin, moving closer systematically until Gabe groaned and tried to pull away. “It’s spreading rapidly.”
Kevin had no idea why the words of a visitor from the south they had just met calmed him so much, but he felt a tightness in his chest start to fade. Worries he had not known he carried bled away, washed clean by this newcomer's words. "Thank you," he whispered, hoping that his words conveyed his relief. "Tell us about your home, Mshindi."
Dean nodded in agreement. Sam was technically old enough to visit the Matchmaker, but as he had not earned any honor of his own yet it would be better if he waited a few years. John would want the boy to serve in the army before settling down, but Dean was determined to keep that from happening. There must be some omega out there who would be happy to have a scholar for a mate, even if he was an alpha. "I've visited the Matchmaker, but I don't think I'll find what I want in my village. Dad offered to take me to the Imperial City . . . before the summons came, that is. Now . . . now I don't know if that could ever happen."
Sam chuckled and let the omega cuddle under his arm as he leaned back against the tree. "You play pretty well, you know. Despite being half the size of most of the other players."
Cas took a deep, steadying breath and offered Sam a weak smile. “Thank you, for everything you did. Bringing him here, getting him help; I couldn’t have done that.”
Sam grunted as his blow missed and he overbalanced, Dean taking the opportunity to slam the fist wrapped around his blade into his brother's stomach. Sam groaned and dropped to his knees, Cas moving to defend him and push Dean back. Benny and Jo appeared on either side of the omega, Gabriel body-slamming the blonde woman as Cas turned on the burly beta and
Gabriel pulled his wings close to his body, not bothering to tuck them away in case he needed to fly again. He had no idea how he had made it across the lake, especially since he hadn't flown more than a few feet before, but despair and fear urged him onwards. He didn't know where he was going, flinching from every branch that whipped him and every root he tripped over, but he pushed himself faster in a desperate rush to
Charlie sighed and nodded, walking over to settle in the pillows against the wall beside Jo, resting her head on the alpha's shoulder. "I know. I just . . . I
"It wasn't a partner," Cas finally answered. "I've never been courted before Dean accepted my request, and my sexual companionships were incredibly short-term. Michael wouldn't allow me to form any attachments that would threaten his plans for me."
The huge family had just moved from Illinois to Kansas, and the teenage pups were having a hard time fitting into a new school, a much larger one than the one they had left. Michael and Lucifer had both transferred to the University of Kansas, three of their younger siblings in Lawrence High School, and the two youngest at Lawrence West Middle School. It was a tough transition, especially for the three teenagers, since the high school they came from had fewer than two hundred students and this one had almost two thousand. Was it any wonder, then, that Gabe had gone looking for a pack?
, a too-tall, runaway Celestial omega with wings and a prophecy of destruction hanging around his neck. He barely felt the next few blows land on his face and chest as he retreated further and further into his mind, trying to protect himself and screaming for his wolf to take control. His searching fingers brushed across a rock, and he grabbed it without thinking, swinging it at his attacker. A satisfying
Dean snorted, tugging on Cas's hair in a soft rebuke. "Cheeky today. You're too young to be saying things like that. You have been hanging out with the wrong parts of our pack recently."
Rowena placed her empty cup back on the table, opening her arms wide as she smiled at the gathered wolves. "Alright, Fergus said that you had some questions. Let me hear them."
"Make sure your brother takes him up on that. I'm sure he can get some better prospects from her list than from a village Matchmaker or even the people that your Dad knows personally. If it helps, I'll talk to her and ask her to take the meeting."
Crowley pulled out of the kiss, pressing his lips against the base of Balthazar's neck as his wolf growled. The urge to bite down, to claim this omega for his own, was almost overwhelming, but he managed to pull away and reclaim Balthazar's lips. He felt the omega's hips jerk forward as he desperately searched for some sort of relief, and Crowley was happy to oblige. He pushed against Balthazar, rubbing harder and faster as a voice screamed in the back of his mind that dry-humping an omega in his own room was
They had decided to perform the healing in the hospital room that Gabriel had occupied for the past few weeks, Rowena hoping that a familiar setting filled with the omega's own scent would keep him calm. Dean, Cas, and Jo sat on one of the beds that had been pushed against the wall, Benny and Gadreel on another with Tasha and Max taking a third. Charlie sat down inside the circle near the bowl of ingredients, waiting for Rowena to join her before lighting the candles.
"I think I'm beginning to," Gabriel whispered, leaning close enough to nuzzle Sam under his chin. They pulled apart a moment later, knowing that the Chemistry teacher did not appreciate PDA in his classroom, but the alpha's blush let him know that his gesture was appreciated.
"He shouldn't have tried two flights with passengers so close together," Crowley replied, holding Balthazar while Kevin helped him take a drink and forced the bread into his hands. "He may be large for an omega, but this was a lot for his first try."
Mary helped him into a pair of gold-embroidered white slippers while one of the omegas began to brush white powder onto his face and line his eyes with black charcoal. Garth took it upon himself to brush out Dean's normally unruly hair, using a few strategically placed braids to contain the shorter strands as he twisted most of it in a knot on top of his head. Dean had spent most of his life outside, working on the farm with his father, and his skin was tanned to a similar shade. Omegas were meant to be gentle, docile, indoor creatures, so they were encouraged to wear white makeup in public to maintain this illusion. They smudged a dark powder over his eyes and clipped golden cuffs over the outside edges of his ears, settling a red crown-like hat on his light brown hair and using a trio of golden combs to hold it in place.
Dean tilted his head, already warming to the teen. This girl was probably the only noble even close to his assumed age, so he was grateful that she, at least, didn't seem to want to fight. It seemed that every other alpha here watched him with red-ringed eyes all the time, and that was quite a bit beyond what he would have expected after their first-day fiasco. "I'm surprised your dad isn't mated yet. Isn't he thirty already? That's a bit older than the alphas in my village are when they head to the Matchmaker's hut."
"No, he wasn't, but scent bonding isn't something you can control. You're not old enough to do that yet, so all I can say is that if you like Alfie, just spend time with him like you have been doing. Love and True Mates . . . all of that stuff comes later."
"Can the preference change?" Balthazar, tucked against Crowley's side with the alpha's arm around his waist protectively, was clearly worried about the answer to his query. "We don't really study the nuances of mating and scents in the north; in my home it was expected that we would not spend much time with our future mates until the proscribed one-month courtship began, and certainly they would never be near us in heat until we were mated. We have never had the opportunity to study attraction and scents during heats since we always sequester our omegas, but you don't do that in the south."
Dean looked away at that, remembering his conversation with his dad about being sold to some noble as a concubine. Claire's mother seemed manipulative and vicious, though the emperor himself had multiple concubines of his own that he apparently cared for very much. He hoped that his hesitation would be covered by the rice he was still powering through. "I have a younger half-brother by my father's concubine. Mom didn't like her much, so we sent her away, but he stayed with us. I hope he's never felt like he wasn't one of us."
Sam snorted and finished putting away the groceries. “He’ll probably never tell us which one he likes the best.”
“Cain’s pack broke off decades ago, Benny,” Sam argued. “Rowena is part of the main pack, and I have heard that they don’t get along with the splinter pack very well. Maybe she’ll help Gabe, omega to omega.”
Gabriel shrugged and rested his head on Sam's chest. "You can carry me around any time you want, Sammykins."
"Maybe I can go sometime and see you," Cas murmured, ducking his head slightly. "It would be cool to see you guys in costume and stuff."
Gabriel laughed, but his smile didn't quite reach his eyes. The constant harassment was starting to get to him.
“I work out,” Cas replied cheekily, his eyes sparkling at the joke. Dean chuckled as he looked at the angel’s arms hidden under that dark suit jacket, realizing that he must be quite fit. It had been some time since he had seen the man without a shirt on, but he seemed to remember a pleasing amount of
"So you have time this morning? And I am friends with Benny, but it's just that. He's not interested in any kind of romance."
The burly alpha chuckled and rubbed his beard. "Donna accepted my visit because of my close friendship with the Imperial Family. I asked her for an omega who was tall enough and brave enough to look me in the eye. I'd like it if he would enjoy cooking as much as I do, and I do prefer omegas so I can have a family one day."
Chuck led the other kids to the car, already worried that he could be a few minutes late for work with two drop-offs. Cas and Gabe grabbed their bookbags and headed out the door, locking it behind them. Thankfully, neither of them had taken books home the night before, since they had finished all of their homework at school and left everything there. Cas did clip the straps on his backpack's arm straps, ensuring that the bag stayed in place, even though it was nearly empty. He always did that when he walked between classes, having dealt with bullies in the past that liked to try to rip bookbags off of omegas' backs when they walked through the halls. Gabe snorted, but copied his brother, settling the bag in preparation for their long walk.
Gabriel nodded, smiling up at the tall healer. “I know that now. I trust you, Sam, even if my youngest brother does not.”
Gabriel shrugged, having stowed his blade somewhere in his leather jacket. “We may. But right now we need to get Dean and Castiel out of Michael’s clutches and contain our errant brother. I may be better at tricks than you now, but you are still stronger. I need your help to stop Michael. And, yeah, after that we might have to figure out what to do about the Darkness, since dear old Dad doesn’t seem to care, but I would rather do that
Cas blushed at the compliment, not really used to receiving them, and tucked himself against Dean's side. "I'm Cas," he replied softly, not raising his eyes to meet the alpha's. All of his instincts told him that this man was another highly ranked alpha, maybe even a Head Alpha or Second, but not from Dean's pack. His omega was worried about being caught in an altercation between the two.
"I'm sorry I lost my grace and couldn't heal Sam," Cas sobbed, unable to control his emotions now that they had been let free. "If I had, you wouldn't have needed Gadreel."
Dean stared at his younger brother for a long time, the silence between them deafening. "He asked you to court him."
"I will," Crowley promised, leading his guest back to the top of the garden and the two piles of discarded clothes on the benches there. "Come inside and we can talk."
The teen, his light blue eyes rising to meet Alfie's hazelnut brown, offered a quick smile and held out his hand. "I'm Adam Winchester. You must be Cas and Gabe's younger brother."
Linda nodded. "Alright, thank you, Clea. Balthy, can you watch the boys for a while? I have to go talk to Crowley about this."
Castiel resisted the urge to growl at the old beta, squaring his shoulders and puffing out his chest as he strode forward. "Soldiers!"
Dean, on the other hand, was dressed in a black sleeveless tunic, the edges frayed and torn, crimson runes sparkling against the fabric. He wasn't sure where his mother had found such a fabric, but he kinda liked it. His belt was red to match the runes, while his pants were black to match the horns, bat-like wings, and tail that marked him as a demon. The contacts were a little weird; in order to be fully black they restricted his sight somewhat, but he was still able to drive the short distance to Benny's house. "So Benny's parties tend to be a little crazy. I know you're kinda shy, but I'm here for you."
"You told me that no one could, Gad," Benny hissed, still watching Dean warily from the corner of his eye. "Donna thinks you are a beta."
hard enough with his nails to raise a line of red welts. He knew that the alpha's wolf would react to the marking, and he could feel his future mate fighting against every instinct in order to keep himself calm. "I'm in control, Dean. That was the point of my time away.
"That part is not necessary, pet." Crowley, though he had a Scottish name, spoke with a British accent, and Cas wondered if he affected it on purpose to ensure that he was easily understood. He knew that it was pretty common among the Scottish actors on Dr. Who, which he loved to watch on his aunt's Netflix when they had the chance to visit her, so it was very likely. Cas sensed his beta brother's rosemary-mint scent brighten at the voice, sighing as he remembered that Balthy had a bit of an accent kink and was certainly planning to find a way to introduce himself to Crowley at the earliest opportunity.
"I don't know," Dean answered honestly. "I don't know what's going to happen. But, to be honest, two of Rowena's options kinda suck, so I'm going to try for the third."
Dean, who had actually grabbed at the hem of his tunic at the forcefulness of her request, paused. "Why? What do you need my shirt for?"
"You jog further than that at practice most nights and I've hiked much longer distances for fun. Also, exercising outside is better for marathon training than only using the old elliptical in the laundry room. It's not that cold today, so we should be fine."
Crowley glanced back and forth between the two omegas, clearly not understanding most of their conversation, but the part about messengers he could follow. "Mshindi, how do you know how many messengers there are?"
Mary entered the kitchen looking for her husband, both of them still dressed from the party at the mayor's office. Clearly they had returned only a few minutes before their oldest son. Dean sighed and leaned against the counter, pointing at the celery and not speaking until the omega started eating. "A couple of college alphas spiked the punch a few hours after we arrived and tricked Cas into having a few cups. It wasn't that strong, thankfully, but he did have quite a bit. They convinced him not to tell me about it, but we did and Benny had them thrown out. He doesn't have any of the common symptoms of alcohol poisoning but I was going to watch him overnight just to be sure."
"The situation is unique. I'll ask Charlie to explain it to you, but she'll be creating a kind of rogue pack that doesn't owe allegiance to anyone. I think she will look to Crowley ultimately for protection, but she and the other omega in her band will live outside of the normal pack political structure. She needs a legacy to protect them when that doesn't work, and it doesn't hurt that I care for her quite a bit. It surprised me a little, to be honest."
Cas hated when Dean yelled at him. He knew that it was because he did so many things wrong, because he messed up time and again, but he had been at war that year. He had been on year two of a war, one that lasted much longer in Heaven than it did on Earth. Cas tried to stay calm, to explain himself, not wanting to see such anger in those green eyes he had come to care about so deeply. "You asked me to be here, and I came. I—"
Charlie shook her head, frowning as she squeezed her eyes as tightly shut as she could. "No, the ones in front of me are crying, but they are pretty quiet. The voices are behind me . . . one deeper male voice, and two females. The male . . . I think I am smelling him. It's an alpha. I can't smell the females at all, so they are probably betas or omegas. I can't hear what they're saying but it doesn't sound aggressive."
"Depends on the nights we work and how good the tips are. Including the money we were saving up in Illinois, maybe a month." Michael slowed the car to a stop and parked it, stepping out as he spotted his younger siblings waiting nearby. Lucifer followed his lead, staying a step behind his older brother as he acknowledged Michael's authority as the older alpha, nostrils flaring as he caught the overwhelming scent of cinnamon in the air. Damn, this green-eyed alpha of his brothers' school pack really was one of
him with every touch. Add to that the blonde clenching around him with every thrust, and it was easily the best sex Sam had ever had.
"Zar says that they have to be big enough to carry him. Alfie and Kevin have slightly smaller wings, though they are sufficient for omegas of their size." At Crowley's words, the two young males shifted forms, opening their own wings and comparing them to their friend's. "He wants to know if you are ready to fly, Linda."
Gabriel gasped as the needle punctured his skin, Balthazar moving to block his black brother from interfering. Dean, sensing that the omega was too worried to adequately control his wolf, moved away from Sam and crawled over to the black Celestial, raising his nose to nuzzle him under the chin. It was a method he had seen other alphas use to calm their omega mates when they were caught up in an emotional situation, and he was glad that it seemed to work on this strange black male. Slowly, his brother rubbing against his side and Dean licking his chin, the Celestial male let himself be calmed, lowering himself to the ground and resting his head on his paws. He was still tense, his scent worried, but that frantic terror was gone, and his growl was silent. Dean and Balthazar stretched out beside him, offering this omega who acted like an alpha whatever support he needed.
"Of course we weren't," Sleipnir replied suavely, still tucked in the corner between the locker bank and the door. "My brother was just introducing himself, and the omega gave him that come-hither look. Look at how bright his eyes are!"
"Ok, Dad," Claire murmured, "but you can't keep me from fighting. I'm presented and I have the right. Granddad is okay with it."
April nodded at the observation. "Good point. We have some etiquette scrolls you can read, and I do expect you to practice silence the whole time. Daphne will fetch them for you, and you will memorize. Until then, Dean, you stay here."
"I saw you and Cas walking across a plain I did not recognize, unfamiliar purple and blue grasses in the background. There were tents nearby, likely the homes of rogues or otherwise nomadic people, and I sensed that your pack mates were nearby. In the vision, I could smell Cas's heat, and I could also tell that you were not in rut. You were calm around him, controlled, in a way that I have rarely seen in an alpha."
The soldiers returned to their horses and carts, some of them looking back at Dean kneeling in the snow staring at his father's sword but most of them unwilling to turn around. The omega had been one of them, a fine soldier, and he had single-handedly taken out the entire Hun army and now they had to shun him as dishonored, leave him behind to make his own way out of the mountains. Cas's alpha growled and scratched and howled in the back of his mind, but he kept facing forward as he swung himself onto his stallion and pulled Claire up behind him. The girl did look back as the group rode away, wanting nothing more than to go comfort her friend, no matter his designation, but she knew that her father had no choice. At least Cas hadn't killed the boy; Claire wasn't sure she would have been able to look her father in the eye after that.
Balthazar raised Crowley's hand to his cheek, smiling as it curled around the back of his neck and the alpha half-turned to face him. "You don't seem to be going into rut at the scent of two young, unclaimed omegas in heat," he murmured.
Castiel reached his own locker, sighing at the alpha scent wafting off of it. "Yeah, let me grab my book. When do we go to 'apply' for this pack of yours?"
Crowley shrugged. "He probably didn't know how. You can't smell a rut yet, and he may have hoped that you would buy the sick thing. I'm sure he wants to protect you from all of the heat and rut nonsense until you're actually presented."
"Yeah, I think you might be. I don't think Michael would venture this far south, and Rowena seems to think that Crowley would not see this as a threat, but I can't promise you anything."
Balthazar nodded in agreement, glancing back at the scroll he had been trying to read for the past hour before placing it to the side. "How will that work, anyway? I mean, there haven't been any messengers in the past hundred years except Crowley's father, and I don't really understand how the inheritance works. I was hoping you might know."
Sam sighed and ran his hands over his face, struggling to compose himself before he spoke. "He's always had so much energy . . . I know it sounds ridiculous since I've only known him for a short time, but he's, I don't know, dimmer. He's trying so hard to be happy for his brothers' sakes, but I'm so worried about him."
"Hey, Cas, I gotta run if I'm going to make it to my class on time, but you let me know if anyone else causes you any problems. I'm gonna watch out for you."
"God you guys are too sweet." Dean buried the fire and returned all of the supplies to the pack, fishing out a set of clothes for each omega and gesturing for them to dress. "I remember the Samshine one from before, but where did Samoose come from?"
Gabe reeled his line in and checked the bait, casting it out again and watching as it plopped into the water a satisfying distance away. "You really think the fish care if I'm grumpy, Dean-o?"
"I do," Dean whispered, reaching out and pulling Cas into a bruising hug. He sank to the ground with the sobbing omega in his arms, nuzzling him and purring words of comfort in Cas's ear. "Who told you that omegas can't fight, can't have scars?"
Sam watched as Fenrir and his brothers were loaded into the back of two of the police cars, Don explaining what he had seen to one of the officers. Gabe, still shaking but significantly calmer, had joined the group as soon as the three alphas were handcuffed and dragged away, all of them bruised and a bit bloody from minor altercations with the Pack alphas. Gabe tucked himself against Sam's side, Balthazar hovering nearby to support his brother if needed. One of the officers headed for them, recognizing Sam's dominance among the teens and hoping that he could get more information from the rangy alpha. They all looked north at the sound of another police siren, the two officers on the street turning their heads toward their radios to see who was headed for them.
“Dean,” the angel whispered softly, “don’t. I’ll be fine, I promise.” He scooted closer to the bars, still lying in a prone position, reaching through the bars and finding Dean’s fingers. “What you said about me, did you mean it?”
Alone with the four omegas, Sam turned to the tall black wolf and tilted his head, offering a hospitable smile. “You’re welcome to join us out of form. Unfortunately, I can’t talk to you in this form and I’d like to get to know you better.”
"Nonsense, you're doing great," Kevin replied, using a small cloth to clean soot from the boy's face. "We have faith in you, and we know that you'll make it through training and become the best warrior China has ever seen! It was bound to be hard at first, you just need to push through it. What's the challenge for tomorrow?"
And in that moment, Dean broke. He had tried so hard to be strong, to face this terror defiantly as he had faced every other, but it was just too much. Watching Michael holding Cas by the back of the neck and burning him like he was
Balthazar nodded and turned toward his bag, a sudden icy shock shooting down his spine. He sensed the alpha move closer before he could respond to that sudden terror, the cold bite of a metal collar snapping around his neck.
Kevin glanced away and did the math in his head, eyes wide as he turned back to his temporary brother. His dark eyes were sprinkled with white, the tiny spots growing as he spoke.
Dean glanced at the clock on his bedside table, clenching his fingers in his blankets before throwing them back. "Well, I'm not gonna be ready to get up for some time yet, so you're welcome to stay but you'd better at least pretend to sleep."
Crowley snorted, pushing himself to his feet before helping the omega up. "Clearly you've never been with an alpha. I'm guessing all of your partners were betas and omegas?"
"Preening you, I believe," Cas replied, the hint of a smile twitching at the edge of his mouth. "He doesn't like my hair, but he seems to enjoy chewing on yours."
"Yeah, has been for a while. She was apprenticed under Rowena, who stepped down and took a position in a rural village some sixteen years ago. She's already found suitable matches for Michael and Lucifer, as well as our few half-siblings who have asked."
Akobel stood on a rise overlooking the southern mountains, one hand raised to block the glare from the morning sun on the last of the winter snow. "Looks passable."
"Thank you," Cas breathed, already slipping out of his flannel pants. He had worn dresses from time to time when he was younger, but now he pretty much was relegated to his alpha brothers' hand-me-downs and Lucifer and Michael would never be caught dead in a dress. Mary helped him slip into the bodice, which she had padded with a soft lining to keep his skin from chafing. Pretty was often uncomfortable, and she wanted to make sure that the teen enjoyed his party. The skirt was easier, though Cas had to let Mary handle hooking it to his bodice as he could barely feel the tiny connection points. "How did you know my size?"
Dean slammed into the motel room, tossing his bag on the table as he took a quick inventory of the furniture.  They had two queen beds, a desk, a small table between the beds, a television, a small fridge, a decent-sized couch, and a closet.  It was actually one of the nicer places they had stayed, thanks to Sam’s newly acquired proficiency with online booking websites.  The carpets and blankets were clean, the walls were painted a pleasantly neutral color, and the drapes over the window added an agreeably homey touch rather than simply darkening the room.
Dean nodded approvingly at that. "You need to tell Jody about that. She'd like the idea of the Valkyries, might even consider renaming her pack."
The hunter shrugged. “The floor’s made of cement and these bars aren’t much better. I guess you can’t feel it, as an angel.”
"That's ridiculous," Gabe scoffed. "His body doesn't just shut down because he smells omegas in heat. Gad and I aren't affected, and I doubt Balthy is, either."
"Why?" Sam shook his head, brown hair falling to cover his face. Gabriel reached up and pushed the strands back, golden eyes meeting dark hazel. "Why?"
I'll add more relationships/tags as I get to them, but I don't want to spoil anything. I thought Mulan might be a fun story to tell as ABO so let me know what you think.
"Shh, there's no one outside right now. Besides, I wouldn't care if they did. You're going to be mine one day, and I want everyone to know it."
"Sam, you're teasing me," Gabriel whined, hands resting on Sam's shoulders as he thrust his hips forward. The position was awkward and he couldn't get any leverage, but he tried.
Dean had only known Gabriel and Castiel for a couple of weeks, but one thing that was glaringly obvious was how touch-starved the young omegas were. Their beta brother Balthazar seemed fine, having initiated a number of relationships in the two years since his presentation age, and he never lacked for companionship. He was utterly devoted to Crowley, and most of the members of the dark-haired omega's branch of the pack cuddled with their leader and his current crush whenever they could.
Dean glanced around the table, two eager faces and one suspiciously calm one watching him.  “Okay fine.  Bring us four Irish Car Bombs please.”
"Metatron? You have got to be kidding me." Dean shook his head and turned away, clearly remembering his less-than-pleasant time with the ex-angel scribe.
Balthazar chuckled and shook his head. "Let's stick to Zar, okay? I can only handle one of your nicknames at a time."
Cas smiled as his eyes met Tasha's, the younger omega reaching out to hug the witch. "Thank you, Tasha. Dean says it, but he loves me. It means a lot, coming from you."
Crowley shook his head and dropped a kiss in Balthazar's palm. "I wouldn't have traded today for anything. It has been a
"How are you, Cas? It looks like you got hit pretty hard. That's going to be a pretty nifty scar when it heals."
, but there was no actual law preventing him from wearing a man's tunic. "I think maybe it's natural to have a preference in some sense. I believe that there are people who are equally happy with any partner, but to force everyone in society to act like they are can't be healthy. Charlie prefers female, alphas or betas, and you prefer male alphas. There's no shame in having a preference."
Dean slipped under the blanket and extinguished the lamp on his side of the bed, Cas doing the same until they could only see each other in the moonlight. "Cas, he escorts
Crowley turned toward the small, secret door behind his throne that allowed servants to enter the chamber without disturbing court. Mark, standing there attentively as usual, caught his alpha's eye and nodded, vanishing into the shadows as he headed for the kitchen to order breakfast. Alfie and Kevin settled into their normal chairs, looking half-dead as Ruby brought them each a cup of heavily caffeinated tea, smiling gently at the boys.
Dean led the ground-locked portion of his small pack in a series of fighting drills, first in human form and then as wolves, tearing up the ground with their claws as they ran under the flying omegas and playfully tried to jump and catch them.
Fish- and bird-shaped kites flew overhead in the light dusk breeze as dancers, musicians, and a group of very serious drummers led an impromptu parade down the main street of the Imperial City. Citizens crowded along the edges of the road, having heard of the great heroes who had defeated the Huns in the mountains, all of them eager for a good look at these brave alphas and betas. Anyone with a teenage pup, especially an omega without strong offers, eyed the soldiers like desserts at a buffet, wondering which ones they might be able to approach with a marriage contract offer. The soldiers themselves, most of them on foot now with Castiel still riding his stallion in front of his soldiers, were not interested in a party.
"Yes, ignoring that," Dean scoffed, having read the details of that strange situation in one of Chuck's books years ago. "He also told us how to trap Lucifer, something only an archangel would have known. Without his information, we could never have put Satan back in his Cage." Dean nodded to himself, finishing the last bit of his third slice of pie. "Okay, I can accept him into the family, I guess. Just, do me a favor and keep an eye on him. I don't want a repeat of TV Land if I can help it."
"Let me try Fergus," Rowena offered, smiling gently at the Celestial. "I'm sure my son will know where your brother is." She touched her own tattoo, whispering the Head Alpha's name as her eyes glowed. She tried two more times before shaking her head. "He's blocking me, too, but I know that some members of my coven reached the city recently and one of them will answer."
"Of course." Castiel approached the young omega slowly, stopping just close enough to touch as he raised his hands to Dean's arms. The boy was still, but not afraid, and the sour notes were gone from his scent. Castiel leaned closer, burying his nose in the scent gland at the base of Dean's neck, taking a few deep lungfuls of sweet apple blossom and cinnamon aroma. He was very fond of apples and frequently visited orchards in nearby towns when he had free time, and the prince often used cinnamon in his wine or to season dried fruit. It was quite a lovely scent.
"I work a lot and I rely on Michael and Lucifer to help me watch the younger pups. You must think I'm a terrible parent, letting my son get hurt like this. I was more concerned with getting to work on time than making sure that Cas and Gabe made it to school safely. I even forgot to check to see if they called when they arrived."
Cas glanced over at Gabriel standing inside the protective circle of Sam's arms, and he slowly nodded. His twin was healthy, and his safety had been guaranteed by the mother of the Head Alpha of Spellbound, but Gabriel would die without her help. Two months without his twin was a small price to pay to save injured brother. Nodding again, Cas moved to follow the group out of the forest, all of them opting to stay in human form for Gabriel's sake.
Sam grinned and slipped his arm around Gabriel's shoulder, leading the archangel to the table and offering him a beer, taking one for himself before he answered. "That would be your brother losing control of his Voice."
Gabriel placed his hand on Cas's shoulder, ruffling his golden wings as they disappeared. "You need some peace and quiet to get used to your drastically increased power level. Come with me; I know just the place." Gabriel vanished with a rustle of feathers, Castiel opening his wings and flapping once to follow. They had never seen the actual action of the wings flapping, only heard the sound, and both hunters were glad they finally got to experience it.
“I’ve done everything I can. Max and I are powerful witches as far as the Wilderness Pack goes, but a mental disability is beyond our skills.”
“I don’t know, honestly. Every one of Asmodeus’s omegas were poisoned for days, and they were not treated at all. It’s possible that Gabriel will wake up and be fine.”
Cas smiled and raised Dean's hand to his lips, kissing the back of it. "The only thing I have ever wanted in my life is
Chuck nodded as he reached for his water. "You have my blessing to get the jobs. We'll have to figure out the car situation before you move out."
Cas tightened his arm around Dean's waist, blue eyes distant and unfocused. "I just . . . I needed to make you happy. To obey. Suddenly everything you were doing seemed right, and I wanted it more than anything."
The four men slid along the wall for almost ten minutes until they reached the shadow of one of the hills that overlooked the city. They were able to move into the darkness easily, Linda's sons knowing the one blind spot along the city wall. The four waited until they reached the other side of the hill before shedding their clothes in preparation for the shift to wolf form, thankful for the unseasonably warm night.
"In a way, yes. You are meant to be messengers, but the four of you are more than that. There is a prophecy that you are the harbingers of a grand destiny, one that will destroy the three packs."
Cas could almost feel Balthazar kiss his forehead like he used to do when they were pups and Michael or Raphael had been particularly abusive. His heart ached to have his twin by his side again, but this was the closest they'd been able to get for a month.
“Yeah, Tasha, he is. We also think he has approximately thirty other angels helping him guard the town where he has set up shop, and we’re going to have to get through all of them before we have a chance to face Michael.”
"Awesome," the preteen grinned, turning toward the driveway as Michael pulled their father's car in. "He asked me out on a date next Saturday, to watch a baseball game. He said we could have hotdogs. You'll let me go, right?"
Gadreel, who perfectly understood his twin's pain, reached out to squeeze his shoulder. "Max is right, Gabe; I've never seen Cas look so forlorn."
A loud exclamation from the doorway shocked them both, the archangel too focused on his hunter to have noticed the bright flare of grace approaching from the main bunker. Gabriel slipped out of Sam's arms and turned to face his younger brother, golden wings spread wide and held high in a challenge. Cas stood taller and opened his own, smaller wings, grace glowing in his eyes as he pushed Dean behind him. "Cas, what the hell are you doing? Is that
Cas nodded. "He put a stop to it, even before Gabe and I joined the Pack. I'm grateful for what he did for a stranger."
"Yes. When she was trying to tempt me to rebel from Heaven, to Fall like she did. Anna told me of the many advantages to being human, and how you had taught her about sex."
He had heard that omegas liked to nest, to have a space of their own, but sharing a room with his brother in his dad's house made that difficult. This bookcase would be the first piece of furniture that he alone would own, the first mark of his own, personal nest. Cas couldn't wait to build it.
"Well, let's get back to Tasha's palace and see what we can do." Rowena waved at Tasha, asking her to take the lead as she rejoined the other redheaded omega, introducing her as Charlie, the witch's apprentice.
Crowley spread his hands in an apology. “I didn’t know he was out. We haven’t detected a change in the Cage, so he must have forced his way through a crack that my demons thought was too small for an escape.”
"I'm glad to help them if they want. I actually think I have some wings around here somewhere that you can use. Dean, what lackluster costume have you settled on this year? Lumberjack?"
All words faded as an arrow whistled down and sunk itself into the ground at his feet, the metal tip making a satisfying
"I can't do anything myself to grow our family, but I can ensure that you will have the chance. Please, Sam, promise that you won't cause a scene at the palace today. Promise me that you will stay with Dad and be a good son, take a mate as soon as you find someone worthy, and that you will protect our family name."
"Yeah, of course." Rowena carefully rose to her feet, smoothing her hands down her simple purple dress before moving to join Tasha and Dean near the door. The Wilderness omega took her arm and led her out of the room, Max at their heels as the women talked about the spell the witch had just cast.
