“Ohhhh.” He breathed. “Brilliant! Elegant!” Sherlock’s eyes positively sparkled and he clapped his hands together gleefully.
“No. That’s a no, Sherlock. This one is too sensitive and you’re not — you know how you are. You’re not good at these sorts of cases.”
“And what is it, exactly, that you want me to do?”
“Or by someone else.” John suggested grimly.
“Well done, Captain. We knew you could do it.”
John hissed at Sherlock, though there was no one to hear them since they were alone in the lift.
“Tell me, will you two be staying the night? We’re nearly booked, but I think we can make an exception for a pair of celebrities. We owe you both so much. Our popularity has boomed since the Hounds case. People coming from all over just to walk the moors and hypothesize about government conspiracies in droves more than ever before! Can sure bet those Baskerville folk have had a whole load more attention, but so have we, so no complaints here, aye Billy?”
She vanished and he heaved another sigh.
“Yeah. That's the one. I think you'd be good for each other. I'll call him this morning. You can run him a bit, see if he's a good fit.”
now. “Here, use min
year.”
“John,” Sherlock hesitated, and the uncharacteristicness of that pause caused John to look up from his mug, to set it none-too-gently on his side table, next to the novel he’d been trying to finish reading for at least a month. Sherlock drew in a breath, his chest and throat constricting suddenly.
“Yeah, go on, then. Don't be tedious. And bring me some sweetener with my tea!"
John grunted and followed suit, still feeling apprehensive, but also surprisingly touched.
“Yes. Brittney Hill, aged twenty-six. From Yorkshire.”
Originally, the prototype had been introduced as a means for professionals to practice their skills in a virtual setting; surgeons could perform intricate surgeries without the stress of a real human life in danger, composers could rehearse their symphonies with an entire virtual orchestra without the fear of germ crossing, police and forensic units could hone their skills, military could practise new tactics, athletes their plays. Only a few hundred of the prototypes had been released before the first bombs had fallen, signifying the start of a bloody and never-ending battle that would span the next three years and destroy most of the capital in its wake.
“‘Should’ve?’ According to whose schedule, hm? You do know that holidays are supposed to be for relaxing? Taking it easy?”
“The tigers? Where are they?”
“Awfully small for a life savings…”
+ + +
, save him!”
Maddening man. “I thought maybe you were just learning or something and I’d be subjected to hours upon hours of screeching. But this… this is quite nice.”
“Since I first met you. You’ve heard bits of it throughout the years. But it’s… it’s finished now. Not because we’ve reached an end, but rather… well I’d like this to be a beginning of sorts. I’d like… I’d
The prototype had had a sudden resurgence in the aftermath of the war and the Hypernet Algorithmic Virtual Entertainment Network — the H.A.V.E.N for short — was born, a virtual world of pleasure and entertainment, an escape from the horrors of war-torn London.
“Let me.” John took the phone from the clip on the dash, squinting at the map. “What’s the name of the — wait, remembered? Somewhere you’ve been, then? What, does your family own some country pile? ‘The Holmes Manor’?”
“Yes, alright. But why here?”
Then today, I found
“Molly’s invited us to her house for dinner tonight. Real casual, she said. She’s even got a new boyfriend! Said she tried texting you a few days ago, but when you didn’t answer, she thought to try me. Dunno why she didn’t just text me first. I told her we could be there by half-six, if we hurry. It’s already after five. I’m just going to pop into the shower and — Sherlock. Have you heard a single word I’ve said?”
“So. This guy hired a sex worker, things got rough— too rough this time, and she died. He panicked. He got her dressed, snuck her in here through that back fence, wrapped in a sheet or something. He must have a car— no way to have gone unnoticed hauling a body through Regent’s Park otherwise.” He pointed at a forensics minion at random. “You. There were tyre tracks outside the Reptile House. Identify the car make. I don’t think it will match that of any official zoo vehicle. We found a few fibres caught in the fence between the Bird Safari and the Tiger habitat.” He motioned with a flap of his hand and John held up the evidence bag. “Look specifically in that high fence to see if there are any others. They'll be a perfect match for our killer's home linens, I'm sure of it. Go!”
Sherlock tipped his head, his smile surprised and wide.
“I’ll smash the whole system to bits if you’re not out of here in the next five minutes. Don’t fucking test me.”
“Well he sucks at that. And besides, I
“Loved it. Love
John’s hand went immediately to the waistband of his jeans as the lift came to a smooth stop. The doors opened, but both men paused, listening.
“For the guest rooms. All original doors. Pa thought the old keys added a bit of extra charm. I ‘ave to go see to the front desk. You can work in ‘ere and I’ll come check on you in a bit. You’ve got the pictures. Feel free to move around the grounds if you need.”
“Sorry, luv. Not my thing. Got a missus at home that isn’t… keen.”
it sounds like a jaguar dipped in melted chocolate and
“Private. Bite this. Hard. It’s gonna hurt like fuck until this—” John jabbed a syringe into his thigh, right in the muscle. “—kicks in. But if you lose any more blood, you’ll die.” The kid’s eyes went wide and he paled but he nodded, biting down hard on the rag in his mouth. John pulled out his suture kit and got to work, hands steady as a rock. Several soldiers had gathered around their makeshift medical tent, and the gunfire was moving away, for now at least.
John laughed at that. After all these years, he couldn’t believe there were things about Sherlock that still surprised him, and yet. Sherlock was a Queen fan. Who knew?
But Greg wasn't done. He straightened, hands on hips. He was in no mood for this crap this morning. He hadn't even had any caffeine yet.
With his pocket knife, he pried open the lid, and was mildly amused to see that its contents included only a single key. Tied to the key with fraying ribbon was a tag printed with the number four. Sherlock pulled the key from the box, tucking it into his pocket and replacing the dirt in the hole he’d made.
? Doesn’t everyone?”
"What's all this then, Sherlock? I thought you solved it, but it sure looks like you're hunting and pecking like the rest of us." Greg interjected, but he was ignored.
“I remember there was a bit of a fork, and I believe we must take a left…” Sherlock murmured to himself, flicking the map on his phone with one finger.
Almost as lovely as when you make that sound…you know the one.
he thought his head would explode.
“Get to save some quid, Boss. Freak’s not drinking. Don’t know why you ever bother inviting him.” The woman replied tetchily, rolling her eyes.
John levelled a gaze at him, cool and steady. “And if I did?” Sherlock’s eyes widened slightly, his tongue unconsciously darting out to lick his lips.
Another shift at the clinic … the cycle was endless, tedious, so
Sherlock quirked an eyebrow.
Sherlock rolled his eyes, his mouth forming a little amused vee. “Yes. Well. There may have been some… brotherly coercion involved.”
"Anderson, obviously. He's a terrible assistant. What is his purpose, exactly? All he does is follow me around, takes forever to get any results. If you ask me, he should be canned."
“Thank you, Captain. You saved my life.” Tears shone in the young private’s eyes and John sniffed gruffly.
from feeling too much. He swallowed, and it sounded horribly loud to his own ears.
“Yes!” Rosie chimed in, toddling over to Sherlock and grabbing hold of his trouser leg. “Up! Yes! Peees!”
Lestrade hurried from the room. If he was lucky, he could save her a world of embarrassment. As it was, Sherlock didn’t look terribly interested in flaying open her personal life and displaying it, as he was known to do when he was feeling vicious. He looked like a man on a mission and Lestrade hustled to cut him off at the front door before he could cause a scene.
John grinned at the affronted look on Sherlock’s face before he turned and sauntered away, calling cheekily over his shoulder:
Billy clapped them both on the shoulders, his grin matching his partner’s.
Sherlock nodded again before creeping away silently, his head swivelling. John pressed send on his mobile, watching as Sherlock disappeared around a corner. The dispatcher answered and John gave the address, speaking quickly as his anxiety rose. The security guard groaned, coming round. John leaned over him, assuring the dispatcher that he was trained in first aid and could handle keeping an eye on until the paramedics arrived before disconnecting. He didn’t give his real name or profession, though he knew he could easily be tracked here because of his phone.
“Gents, there’s a woman lying dead here. The faster you can tell me how and why, the faster you can go home to do… whatever.” Lestrade waved his hand, somehow managing to look simultaneously exasperated and amused.
“Okay good. ‘Cause I know how you get when I’ve been gone all day. Sometimes you forget to start listening to other humans again. I’ll just—”
John let the door to the clinic slam, a squat building that had been shoddily built in the aftermath of the war to help assuage the seemingly nonstop waves of injury and disease in a country whose entire infrastructure had crumbled to bits. Only the extremely wealthy had been able to move away, to the mostly-safe countryside or out of the UK altogether. The middle class had scrambled —were scrambling still— to scrape together what minimal resources they could in order to rebuild their lives in the devastating aftermath of a city torn to bits by bombs and political discourse. The result was a heaving mass of once-comfortable middle class living off of crumbs. And the poor… they were barely clinging to life. Orphans wandered the streets, dirty and hungry. Tent cities popped up on the side of the streets or on the barren stretches of trodden dirt that had once been beautiful parks. Buildings that had survived the worst of the bomb attacks were left standing, sometimes in barely operational states of disarray, their occupants too poor or wounded or no longer living to continue to maintain them.
Lestrade made his way over and John spent a few minutes chatting before realising that Sherlock had been gone a while. He craned his neck to see if he could see him — the crowd was thinning a bit now, the younger crowd moving on to wilder clubs and the older crowd winding down for the night. The next song cued up on the machine and someone started singing:
“Liked it?”
“He’s breathing, but he’s gonna need an ambulance. You stay with him. I’ll go look for whoever did this.” Sherlock’s voice was equally quiet, though it carried with it a note of anxiety. This was not part of the plan. John scowled and shook his head.
Cheeky bastard.
“Tea?” John asked quietly, coming up behind Sherlock and wrapping his arms around Sherlock’s trim waist. Sherlock kissed the top of his head, and then Rosie’s matching blonde one, contentment settling around him like a wam afghan. His life felt complete, whole.
, he rationed.
Sherlock scoffed.
Sherlock shook his head and swiped quickly through his phone before holding it up to show John. His voice was low, barely above a whisper. “I recognise her. She’s the catalyst for Lady Smallwood’s blackmail. Decided to take matters into her own hands. This no longer concerns us and the paramedics will be here any moment.”
But Sherlock didn’t answer, already scrambling down into the enclosure by way of the steep cement wall.
“Oooh! I want to go! Yes, Dad. I finished my homework. It was just maths. Boring. Can I have more milk?”
“Nothing the matter at all, in fact. Gary here was
But John held up a hand. "No, Greg, it's fine. He's not wrong, in fact he's spot on." At Lestrade's raised eyebrows, he nodded. "All of it. But that's exactly what I'd expect from someone who gets his kicks by getting into arguments with people on the internet. Genius needs an audience, doesn't it? It feels good to be the most intelligent person in whatever space you're occupying, yeah? That's why you suffer through working with the likes of this lot. You can prove you're clever, that you're above all of them. Hold everyone at arms' length, strike on the offense so you don't have to live your life on the defense. I bet you are perfectly comfortable using some sort of self-diagnosis as a talisman. Let's see, someone of your intelligence, practised exaggerated lack of social skills, posh suits, that perfectly imperfect coiffed hair and the barest hint of makeup? Psycho- nah, sociopath, is it?"
“Yeah, pretty much. Do we have time for dinner before our covert rendezvous? I hope so, cause I’m famished.”
Sherlock nodded, his eyes narrowed.
Composing himself, Sherlock pushed away the last of his residual anxiety and adrenaline and focussed on the data before him. There was sweat beading at John’s hairline and upper lip. There were damp patches in the underarms of his t-shirt. His breathing was ragged, his fists were clenched in the sheets, and his forehead was scrunched like it always was when John was upset about something. Sherlock had seen it many times, often in connection to a particularly helpless victim.
He marvelled briefly at the realistic way her avatar seemed to perfectly nail the permanent loathing etched into her features. Features that he had once thought beautiful, soft, feminine.
John? Are you sure I can’t see you this morning?
"So... you'll find me an assistant. Someone that will work with me. And by that, obviously I mean, someone who won't scowl or eyeroll or refuse to do my bidding."
His heart sang through his fingers and he
"You're a doctor. Military. Fought until you were injured. Married your nurse." The man rolled his eyes. "Charming."
“Off exhibit. Won’t be back for a few weeks. Holiday in the Hamptons, I think I heard one say.” Lestrade grinned at his own joke and took off toward where Sherlock was crouched next to the victim, running his hands above her body without touching her, his mouth moving silently. She was dressed provocatively; short skirt, high heels, tightly-fitted top. Her wrists and ankles were bound with a heavy rope, her arms pulled behind her back. John squatted next to her and Sherlock handed him a pair of gloves.
They’re terrible. A semi colon does not turn me on.
Except it wasn’t. He never published it, but used that information to try and get my attention. And he did, I came and I rescued you. He should’ve made some sort of attempt to contact me by now, I’d think.
Sherlock blinked rapidly, looking for all the world as though he was rebooting his massive brain.
Sherlock turned away, his back to John as the emotional words filled his head, spoke the secrets of his heart.
that we are no longer obligated to participate in it? Please say yes.”
Oh you know, just a little Fem!Sherlock and Fem!John given to me by the prompt we found on Tumblr this morning. :)
“What was that all about?” John demanded, though there wasn’t much heat behind the words.
“You’ll have to be my dirty little secret. But I bet you go in for that sort of thing, don’t you? You like it rough and naughty.” He pressed her back against the wall as he spoke, dropping his voice to a near-growl as he dipped his head to that enticing cleavage. She tipped her head up and he lavished her neck and chest, dimly aware that the storm had stopped.
“Quite right.” John could hear Sherlock’s pleased grin even as he navigated the dim staircase. They walked into the enclosure to find that the number of officers had doubled since they left — forensics and homicide experts milled about, collecting evidence and preparing to remove the body. Sherlock lifted his arm over his head and let out a sharp, attention-grabbing whistle with his other hand.
“Yesss, oh yes. You were so brave.” She smiled up at him before he captured her mouth with his own. It was quick and heated and filthy. He fondled one perky tit as he lifted her up and onto his already hard cock. It was easy here. He thrust four, five, six times and then he was coming, arching into her while she screamed in ecstasy and threw her head back against the wall.
A hand clamped suddenly over his mouth and a long, lean body pressed up behind him. John’s first instinct was to throw his head back into his assailant’s teeth but his name hissed in his ear stopped him up short. He whirled around, the hand over his mouth releasing him and raising into the air to join the other.
His mind whirled, a rocket tearing itself to pieces on the launch pad, his heart rate rising rapidly despite himself. He needed a distraction, something with which to calm his inner engine and let him rest. His mind palace beckoned enticingly, but he could scarcely make it through the front hall, as it was so crammed with scraps of new information that he hadn’t had time or energy lately to organise properly. He shut the door firmly and searched for something else. Something light and mindless, something he could lose himself in and drift off for just a few hours, to rest his weary body even if he didn’t fully lose consciousness, the gnawing ache in his back and knees evidence that he was approaching forty at a rapid pace and that this lifestyle had an even more quickly approaching expiration day.
A shout from outside interrupted his train of thought, and he realised he was still standing in the office, awkwardly close to the forensic officer he'd instructed to go through the paperwork on the desk.
“I’d love some, thank you.”
With that he straightened up, grabbed the untouched glass of ale off of the table and took a large gulp, wiping his mouth with the back of his hand. He tossed a wave over his shoulder and sauntered away, depositing the empty glass on a nearby table.
The first few tinny notes of the next badly-sung karaoke song started. John knew this one and hummed along, pausing to shout his drink order at the finally-free bartender.
Sent 16:52
Without bothering to turn off the lamp again, Sherlock collected the paper and made for the outside once more. The sun had dipped below the level of the house and the back of the grounds were growing dark and cooler in the early evening. Sherlock flipped his collar out and walked toward the back of the garden, where he could see a towering oak. The riddle referred to this old beauty as a starting place. Once there, he turned in a circle, then paced out steps, counting aloud.
Sherlock’s eyes slid over to him and he gave a small nod. “I’m not sure either. A fish oil of some sort, maybe something used here at the zoo, but I would expect that near the aquatic animals, rather than the tigers…” He trailed off, pulling at the woman’s clothing and murmuring to himself. John leaned in to see what he’d found. The white skirt had flecks of blood and dirt on it, but more than that, it was on backwards, the tag against her stomach.
John nodded, his eyes twinkling with mischief.
"Greg? Oh." His eyes shifted to Lestrade and he looked surprised. "Is that really your name?" He muttered something then, that sounded to John like
The door swung inwardly, and the room was exactly as Sherlock expected: a four-poster bed with an expensive looking brocade quilt and a ridiculous number of pillows took up the majority of the floor space. There was an antique — probably actually antique, rather than some reproduction — desk beneath the window, and to his right —
When they didn’t hear a sound, Sherlock motioned with his head for John to go first. He walked out, sliding the pistol out and clicking off the safety with practised movements. At first glance, the spacious reception area appeared to be empty, but something to John’s right caught his eye. He turned, but Sherlock was quicker, already moving toward the dark shape partially hidden by a large plant. It was a man, wearing a discreet uniform that John assumed to be security. There was a largish pool of blood around his head, and a wet floor sign propped open a metre from his feet.
, even John joined in at the chorus.
"What, pray tell, is a 'Watson'"?
Greg rode the lift to the subfloor where his cruiser was parked. They wouldn’t need an entire team for this one. Straight forward case of domestic violence. Woman breaks up with man, man gets angry and now there’s a body and the homicide division is called in to clean up the mess. Witnesses saw the man enter the building. Friends attested to their abusive relationship. Hardly a mystery for Sherlock Holmes to waste his time with. Plus… the woman was the daughter of a parliamentarian. Sensitivity and tact were of the utmost importance with this one if they didn’t want to end up in the news again for their “unusual practices”. That hadn’t gone over well with the superintendent last time. Lestrade winced as he started the car, imagining how many ways this case could go wrong if he’d let Sherlock spew the vitriol that always seemed to be the prelude to any deduction. Offence as his best defence, he supposed.
“John,” Sherlock called from somewhere behind him, his head behind a bush or something by the muffled sound of his voice. John tilted his ear in Sherlock’s direction but continued his examination. “Did you notice—”
He mouthed, and slipped away, still graceful though John didn’t miss the bit of wobble as he wove his way through the crowd.
But today, he couldn’t handle any more of the sights or smells of the half-alive, barely functional survivors. The smoggy, grey sky didn't offer much in the way of fresh air, but it was less cramped at least. His day had been filled with cases of cholera, mumps, dysentery — once-eradicated diseases now making their triumphant comeback, broken bones, and a horrifically infected toenail that would most likely cause the patient —a young woman barely into adulthood— to lose her foot.  Medication was hard to come by – other countries stopped trading with Britain after the collapse of the monarchy and the abysmal living conditions of most people meant that even clean drinking water and proper nutrition were rare commodities. He couldn't do much for most of his patients other than offer some general suggestions and confirmation that it wouldn't result in immediate death. Not everyone was as lucky. He’d held a three-year-old child as he’d clung to life, struggling with every breath until he no longer had to struggle. Though it had certainly not been the first, and would not be the last death he had seen, the wails of the mother echoed still in his head, joining in with the others in a symphony of grief that haunted his every waking moment and served as a soundtrack to his dreams.
When he awoke, it was to a dreary and wet dusk, the last vestiges of filtered spring light making the raindrops glitter on the windscreen. John sat up, rubbing his eyes blearily.
“Doctor!” She was breathless and he knew without turning his head that her chest would be heaving, making her tits bounce attractively. He whirled around, sweeping one arm around her tiny waist and crowding her up against a nearby wall. The bricks scratched at his hand as he pressed in against her but she didn’t complain, merely gasped and arched into his touch.
“They associated the smell with something negative, like you said. He could’ve been the one to regularly distribute the medicine? Or maybe he was just a shit zookeeper and the animals haven’t forgot yet. They say tigers have memories that rival elephants.”
John has a shit day, drowns it in some shitty synthetic whisky, and meets someone.
“The fire, John. Remember Guy Fawkes night? I have been trying to work out who’s behind it for weeks.” He waved his hand at the wall behind the sofa, decorated with its usual web of photos, string, scraps of paper. Sherlock’s brain in physical form. “Who knew that I was back? Who would know to use you to get at me? Well that one’s easy, apparently. It’s everyone. No don’t look at me like that, I know. But who knew to come here to find you? If they’d been watching, they’d have known you weren’t living here. Unless they got lucky and
had been his high praise after Sam’s quick thinking and even quicker research skills had helped Sherlock find key information in their latest case. John handed Sherlock his drink and sat down, leaning in to orient himself in their conversation. Sherlock took a sip and clinked their glasses together in thanks, before launching back into a heated debate with the sergeant over carpet colour.
Sherlock shook his head, his eyebrows nearly at his hairline. For a self-proclaimed genius, he sure was bad at remembering things. He once told Greg he simply "deleted" unimportant information. Somehow, Greg had a hunch John Watson may be a lingering memory in that big brain of his.
"How... how could you
“I’m no expert, but that doesn’t look like the usual BDSM-type binding. Heavy duty, industrial. Looks practical and hasty rather than any sort of safe sex play. Surely someone who worked in the industry would know the difference.”
He felt tired suddenly, and wondered how long they were obligated to stay in order to not hurt Lestrade’s feelings. When he’d agreed to go, he’d envisioned a much quieter atmosphere where they could catch up socially with Lestrade, buy him a few drinks and wish him well. He shook his head at himself. Christ, he was old. But he told himself he’d try and have fun for a bit longer for Lestrade’s sake. And Sherlock’s as well. It had seemed really important to him that they come tonight. John could admit that he was at least having fun ogling Sherlock and was enjoying his company — they so rarely had time together to just relax and have fun these days.
“Alright, Sherlock?” John was looking at him with concern, now, and Sherlock wondered how this must look, how
It was a Tuesday, completely unremarkable.
“I thought… well I just thought maybe it would be nice to rewrite some of those memories.” Sherlock shrugged. “I can’t imagine you have very many pleasant ones from this trip. Nor do I, though there were highlights. So maybe… we can make new ones.” He waggled his eyebrows theatrically, before grabbing the door handle and sliding out, all graceful elegance in six feet of long limbs.
And mine is yours.
Sherlock nodded as he sat on the edge of the sofa and laced his shoes. “Something like that. He requested my assistance. I acquiesced.”
John’s gaze drifted back to the table of police officers, wondering idly who her acidic comments were about. Clearly someone she disliked strongly. It didn’t take him long to figure it out. Tucked in the furthest, darkest corner, nearly too far away from the rest of the group to even be considered included in the festivities of the police officers, a man in a suit sat, rigid and uncomfortable. John watched the man discreetly while Greg told him about their latest case – something about bank-robbing clowns.
Is that your idea of a good time — ha ha, let’s make John relive some of his most terrible memories! What’s next, a lovely scenic view from the rooftop of Bart—” He clamped his mouth shut as Sherlock’s eyes widened slightly, though they never left the road.
He turned to look at John.
Gregson came trotting back and Sherlock whirled on him before he’d even got his breath back.
“Oh? We’ll see about that.” Sherlock’s voice had the same cool edge to it that it always did, but John noticed the way his eyes lit up. After so many years working together, John knew Sherlock could count on Greg to come through on the “good” cases; the ones with a puzzle that let Sherlock show off his brilliant mind and leave others dizzy in his wake. “Where?”
He lifted his bow, setting it gently on the strings, and began to play. The piece had been a work in progress for years, since he’d first met John, his greatest muse. He added to it occasionally, never composing formally, the melody existing solely in his head and heart. He let the music fill him, let the strings articulate what his words had failed to do.
“John, I love you.” Those words slipped out naturally, effortlessly, and finally Sherlock was able to breathe properly again. He could do this. He fought criminals regularly. He’d leapt from a building and survived. This was his John. John nodded, the crease of his forehead softening.
Sherlock clapped his hands together once.
“Christ, you must be getting ill. You realise what I’ve just said? It’s a do. With people. For a birthday. A birthday do. At a pub, I think. I’d have to check. But with
“A dirty whore in a filthy alley, John? Tut tut. That’s a new low, even for you
“That was for me, wasn’t it? That was… us.”
Another fight with Mary and even those lacked the passion and enthusiasm that they used to.
“Anderson, look the other way, your face is putting me off.”
I love you, John.
“What do you mean, you
“Fancy a road trip this weekend? Ro, eat your salad, too. Rolls are not a complete dinner.”
Sent 16:51
“Billy! Sherlock Holmes and Doctor Watson! We weren’t wrong when they came last, we were just too
“Got a good one for you today.” Sherlock and John had scarcely stepped into the homicide division corridor of NSY when Lestrade appeared, sliding his arms into his jacket and ushering them back toward the lift.
“I thought we could both use a few days off.” Had been the only explanation. So John had packed a bag (“bring something warm for the evenings, but otherwise the climate is exactly the same”) and made sure to bring his laptop and appropriate chargers. At the last moment, he had also packed his unloaded gun, because one could just never be too sure while in the company of Sherlock Holmes. Criminals just seemed to be drawn to him like a magnet sometimes.
, Greg thought,
He inhaled, placing a squirming Rosie on the floor and picking up his violin once more, injecting every note of the simplistic melody with as much adoration as possible, spilling unchecked from his every pore.
“Who cleaned it up?” Sherlock demanded, spinning in place as if he could spot the guilty party, still with mop and cleaning rag in hand.
Sherlock thought a moment, his eyes narrowing as he mentally flipped through his hefty catalogue of concertos, waltzes, and sonatas before finally arriving at Kreisler.
"You're right."
“Don’t say? I grew up in an old home near Birmingham. Quite the sprawling place, from my recollection as well. Plenty of corridors for me to run in.” Sherlock patted the arms of his chairs as he pushed himself to his feet, ushering the man out onto the landing as he spoke. “Now, I must get on with my day, but leave your mobile number with me and I’ll let you know if I’ll take the case. Need to consult with my uh… assistant. If your brother does anything else interesting, like disappear, or find buried treasure with that mysterious map of his, let me know. Good morning.”
Sherlock laid in bed
“Your mobile is plugged into the charger in our bedroom. I found it in the cupboard this morning, completely dead.”
no one noticed or minded, as the entire crowd was now on their feet, swaying and sloppily belting out the lyrics. Sherlock looked every bit the part of the adored rock star up there on his stage - his hair was damp now, pushed back from his forehead, and his eyes were closed. The hand not holding the microphone was waving about, making swishy motions no heterosexual man could ever pull off. John didn’t think he’d ever been more in love and wondered if he looked like that emoji, the one with the heart eyes. He found that he didn’t care.
“Good work. Any vehicles registered to him?”
“Cause of death?”
“Sherlock!” Gary boomed as he came through the swinging door that led to the back storerooms. “The great Sherlock Holmes, back again!” He surged forward, dropping his voice conspiratorially. “Is it another case?”
“Alright, John? Good to see you too. What’s it been? Seven or eight years, I’d reckon.” Greg shook the hand offered, his grip warm and firm. “I’d offer to buy you a drink, but it looks like you’ve got a head start already.”
“A Lady Alicia Smallwood. Says she’s an acquaintance of Mycroft’s. I checked, she’s legit. She’s being blackmailed by this Magnussen creep and she wants me to help. I think it’s a trap, John! I think he’s using her, knowing her connection to me, to entice me again. I’ve set up a meeting with her for Sunday, but of course I won’t attend, because I’ll have already met with Magnussen. I’ve already arranged a meeting in another part of Magnussen Towers tonight. We’ll sneak in and… what? Why are you looking at me like that? Have I got—
“That was incredible.”
With that, he was gone, leaving Sherlock standing in a sparsely furnished room. There was a plain wooden rolltop desk in one corner, and a pair of mismatched easy chairs in the other. A lamp wobbled precariously next to a bookshelf stuffed overfull with books. Sherlock went to the bookshelf first, running a finger over the shelf at eye height. His finger came away with a layer of dust.
Sherlock pinched the bridge of his nose with his fingers, letting out a gusty sigh. He opened his mouth to cut off the stream of blather, but John was quicker, choosing that perfect moment to return from the loo. In a rare form of public affection, he slid his arm round Sherlock’s waist, giving it a gentle squeeze.
You are quite lovely when you do that, you know.
. What a
“I’m always ready to be impressed by you.” John nudged Sherlock’s shoulder with his own as he opened the secret rock-wall door and motioned Sherlock inside. “You solved this one so quickly, we might make it home in time for Rosie’s bedtime tonight.”
Dammit, John.
“Work it out! Is that what Nathan’s doing? Or did ‘e get ‘isself mixed up in something darker ‘n more dangerous?”
“No, the paramedics can’t suspect anything or Magnussen will be notified. Might be already. I have to hurry while there’s still time to take him by surprise.”
Especially when I tell you you’re gorgeous and charming
When her body went limp beneath his and sagged against the wall, he pulled out and tucked himself back into his fatigues.
“It’s just up here… yeah, go to the left at the fork. Right there. And then I think… yeah, okay. You’ve got it now.” John's voice was subdued, and he didn't say anything else until they arrived at their destination, the primitive and quaint Cross Key's Inn exactly how he remembered it.
“Dressed in a hurry?”
He raised a sardonic eyebrow, gesturing to the tulle abomination she had selected to wear. There was even a veil, billowing out behind her as she came to a halt, hands on her hips, glaring.
“God, you’re really gonna just… leave? Looking like this?” He murmured against Sherlock’s lips. “N’fair.”
"John Watson. The man who eviscerated you at the pub. After the Waters case." Greg chuckled again at the memory. "Oh yeah. This is gonna be good."
I can’t believe you buy into these archaic traditions.
Maybe we could leave the mind palace spring cleaning for a few minutes and first get our daughter to school?”
“You can stop that now. I’ve solved it already, of course.”
“Lestrade. There’s a green ladder. Call the brother-in-law. It wasn't the boyfriend.”
With a sharp nod in her direction, John spun on his heel and strode out of the tent, counting silently in his head. He hadn’t even made it to thirty before quick footsteps sounded behind him. He grinned and slowed his pace. The rumble of heavy artillery had given way to thunder, low and still far out on the horizon, with only the occasional accompanying flash of lightning. He ignored it.
Billy flew from somewhere in the building, coming to stand behind John and Sherlock. John had already dropped his arm, but was standing close to Sherlock, their body’s touching in multiple places. Sherlock found it very distracting and prayed to the gods of gay innkeepers that these two would speed up all their squawking and just
The man glanced up then and John was surprised by features he could only describe as
“I’d like to arrive before dark.” Was all the response John received. He settled back against the seat, content to let Sherlock lead the way. John didn’t know where they were going, but he found he didn’t mind much. Sherlock had asked him after work a few days prior if John could take a long weekend off from the clinic. John hadn’t questioned it, but assumed it was for a case, though they rarely ever received so much notice. It wasn’t until last night when he had asked Sherlock for the details of the case and received a blank look in return that he learned that Sherlock was taking him on a
He winked at John, who waved him off, still looking rather shocked, and hurried down the stairs, buoyed now by the promise of an evening out with John.
shown to anyone.
Sent 16:54
“Thanks Robert! You were great.” John waved as he closed the door behind a befuddled and blinking Sherlock. The final deduction clicked into place as Sherlock continued to gape at a bemused John.
“Mm-hmm. That bloke at the door this morning.”
John trudged down the pavement, in the opposite direction of home. Normally, he’d take the Tube home, crammed in amongst the crowds of disgruntled, dejected, exhausted leftover citizens, holding on to their humanity by a delicate thread.
“Boys!” Mrs Hudson huffed up the stairs, her floral dress tangling about her knees as she stuck her head in the sitting room. John glanced behind him from his chair where he was attempting to coerce a wiggly Rosie into sitting still so he could tie up her hair.
John. Stop it. I’m
we get that when we go out, Billy ‘n me. Been together so long I think we’re starting to look alike but people just see two blokes, having a gay old time together.”
The “e” at the end of “mine” looks more like an epsilon
“Sorry. Sorry. That was… that was a low blow. I know you wouldn’t… sorry, Sherlock.”
After thirty minutes, he found himself wishing Sherlock hadn't listened to him. He'd spent the entire time scratching his head right along with everyone else as the missing woman’s house turned up more questions than answers.
“Oi! There’s stairs, you don’t have to…” Greg trailed off, shaking his head and making his way for a door concealed in the side of the rock. John followed him, but only after he watched to ensure Sherlock had made it safely to the bottom. No need to add to the body count.
“I hate when you do that!” He called from the bedroom, but it lacked any real heat. Sherlock heard the ding as his phone was disconnected from the charger.
John raised an eyebrow but before he could speak, Sherlock jumped in.
It’s true, you know.
Sherlock grinned down at his daughter, bending to pick her up. He gave her another kiss to her cheek. “Yes, please, Daddy. Don’t make us do the thing. Please.” He twisted his wrist to check the time as Rosie squirmed in his arms, wanting to get down. “I have to go. Quicker I get this over with, the quicker I can get on with not helping Mycroft pick out a birthday present for Mum again until
Sherlock made his way through the kitchen and out into a much quieter, carpeted corridor. He closed his eyes, picturing the layout of the exterior of the house. Two storeys, staircases likely on either side, or perhaps a grand staircase in the middle. Dining room, or perhaps two, if they converted a previous parlour into one. Most likely, the guest rooms would all be upstairs, so Sherlock headed to the centre of the main part of the building. He passed several other people, though none of them yielded any clues as to the whereabouts of either of the men in question. He allowed a small sigh of relief. Surely a gunshot or other form of violence would have elicited some panic in the guests and staff — someone would have heard a scream, at the very least.
I love you too, Sherlock.
They both were, in a word,
Quite beautifully, too. ;-)
“Not very exotic, that.”
John propped his head on his fist, feeling relaxed and loose-limbed in a way he hadn’t in a long time. He felt Sherlock’s knee press against his under the table and he pressed back, squinting a bit as he tried to hear the rest of Molly’s story. There was a cat — maybe her cat? Was her cat named Tory? Toby? Tomy? — and what sounded like a whole lot of mud and maybe a jumper involved…? Molly was gesturing now, her elbow coming dangerously close to knocking over her drink.
* * * * * *
“Recognise… how would I? Oh.
I heard the gun, I thought for sure…
“Pray tell, Lestrade. What are
With an echoed shrug in Lestrade’s direction, John followed Sherlock from the room and down the stairs, the same twisting staircase that he’d run up so frantically the night before. His lips were pressed together to keep his laughter in as they waved to Janine. Sherlock paused and leaned over her desk, murmuring words too quietly for John to hear. The corner of her mouth quirked up, but otherwise she appeared to be engrossed in her work, tapping at her computer screen. Sherlock straightened and John caught the quick wink he tossed in Janine’s direction before he spun on his heel and strode to the lift.
“Catherine Rose, sit
Wake up, John!
There's something about meeting your new neighbour for the first time that makes it so you want to take them out to lunch. Or is that just Sherlock and John? ;)
“Rosie! Put your shoes on! We’re going to be late! That berk over there is the one you want. The one with the headphones in, pretending he can’t hear his family and probably forgetting he even has one. Sherlock! We’re leaving! Goodbye!”
“Not exactly. It smells… salty, a bit fishy?”
Sherlock dusted off his hands, rising fluidly to his feet. “Not enough data to be certain, but it looks to be a suicide.”
“Well? Do you have something?”
“It’s true. Absolutely awful.”
“Where the bloody hell are you taking me?”
Sherlock rolled his eyes and nodded. “Yes, John. I know what a birthday entails. I think it would be… good. For us, I mean. To be… social.” He grimaced, already sure he was going to regret this. He set Rosie on the floor, handing her a block from the bin. “Text me the details. We just need to find someone to watch Rosie. I’ll hurry home. And I’ll even keep on this shirt.”
“Most likely.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes and waved his hand before cramming the rest of the pastry in his mouth. He dabbed daintily at the corner of his mouth and then continued, his voice measured and calm.
“Yes. Your face. Shut up. And since I’m certain you have not yet scanned the telly remote in the guest bedroom for prints, why don’t you make yourself useful and do that now. I think we’ll both find that you missed something rather important there.”
"Tomah-toes, tomay-toes. It's all semantics with you lot, isn't it? The truth remains..."
And Sherlock found that he missed John. Sure they spent most of their time in one another’s presence, but it had been a long time since they had been just John and Sherlock, rather than John-and-Sherlock, parents of Rosie or Sherlock Holmes and John Watson, consulting detectives.
“‘Scuse me. Robert or Nathan? Have you seen either one?” He asked a short woman with dark, curly hair tucked under a hair net. She shook her head, eyeing his suit and leather oxfords with some disdain before hurrying off, a tea towel slung over her shoulder.
He was unprepared for the sight of John, in an old RAMC t-shirt and boxer shorts, asleep on his back in the middle of the bed. His duvet was on the floor and his sheet was tangled around his bare legs.
“Oh, I like you.” She drawled, running a fingertip down his cheek. She was perfectly put back together, lips shining and red, dark hair curling softly around her face. He smirked, pressing his tongue against the inside of his cheek.
Sent 16:53
John returned, walking slowly, his tongue peeking out of the corner of his mouth as he concentrated on the text he was typing. He didn’t answer.
Sherlock was already getting to his feet, pressing his finger to his lips and glancing around.
“No kissy!” Rosie yelled from the floor, not even looking up from her destruction. John chuckled and pulled Sherlock in for another, a bit longer and less chaste this time.
“Are you into Carryover?” Her voice was dripping honey, enticing and seductive. She knew exactly what she wanted and how to get it. She’d done this before. He shook his head.
“Nonsense. Like I said, we owe you both. Will change that right away for you gentlemen. Oh god, I hope that didn’t cause any tension last time, we just assumed, never should.
Later though…
Sherlock glanced around, waiting for someone to acknowledge this directive. The newest Sergeant, Detective Gregson, nodded and ducked into the dark of the staircase, his phone already raised to his ear. Sherlock gave a quick nod and continued, the corners of his mouth tipping up in a smile. John watched with an equally anticipatory smile.
“When she said
“Nope. No messages. No news is good news, right?” He smiled at Sherlock, who returned it without hesitation.
Lestrade frowned, the lines of his forehead deepening. “But what about the security guard? You don’t honestly think he slipped, do you?”
should. Just as bad as being assumed to be straight…
"Watson."
"Sir?" A man with an earpiece came hustling through the door, summoning Lestrade's presence at the perimeter of the scene.
I didn’t of course.
John finally got a glimpse of the singer, but even a double-triple check didn’t quite convince him that what he was seeing was real.
“Thought this would tickle you. Got an idea then, already?” Greg looked amused.
Sherlock gave a nod, watching out of the dirty window as a massive house came into view, completely out of place nestled among a residential tree-lined area that didn’t look nearly old enough to have a four hundred year old home in its midst. Robert drove right up to the circle drive, pulling out of the way of the main area. He motioned with his hand to the impressive front of the house — mansion, really.
“No one in their right mind would ever describe Tchaikovsky’s Violin Concerto as ‘
“Strangulation, I think. Bruises on her neck.”
“I’ve played since I was four.”
"Who— how'd you get in my office? It— I thought it was locked." Greg sighed.  "And that's my doughnut, you bastard. Get out." This was said completely without heat, resigned as Greg was to these sorts of shenanigans by the man.
“Mooo-wah!” A small voice demanded, her little hands clapping in delight. “Moooo-wah, Daddy! Yay!”
“What’s that? Zoo’s been closed for the day, marked off as a crime scene. Far as I know, no one’s been inside. This is just how they found her this morning.”
Another day, another session, another anonymous fuck, another warzone, a desperate plea and another eventual saved “life”. No real lives were ever at stake, no real lives saved. Virtual admiration for virtual bravery.
“It’s old. Four, five ‘undred years old. There was a fire in the east wing and the owner died. Old fella. ‘ouse got put in auction and pa got it. Kept it going by renting out rooms. But ‘e died and now my brother and me are trying to keep it afloat so it don’t go under. I’d ‘eard, back when pa was alive, through the people that came through, they talk, and they said that there’s supposedly something buried ‘ere. Said the old man never trusted a bank, never wanted to put his money nowhere, just have it with ‘im all the time. Story says he buried it on the property, but no one never found nuffin. I think that’s what Nathan’s been doing. ‘oping to find buried treasure, like a pirate or summat.”
“Ya know, when you said you played the violin… you made it sound like a bad thing.” John mused aloud and Sherlock didn’t even have to turn around to know that John would have that ridiculous half-smile on his face, the one he seemed to reserve only for when Sherlock was being particularly…
John grabbed Sherlock by the head none-too-gently and pressed a kiss to his mouth, taking care to be as quiet as possible. It was frantic, a desperate confirmation that Sherlock really was okay. Sherlock cut it short after only a moment, but his eyes were apologetic. He leaned forward to put his mouth close to John’s ear.
“Time to quit playing the
John made an appropriately disgusted face and nodded sympathetically. There wasn’t much else he could do. The pub was loud, large groups like theirs packed in every corner and occupying every table. People were packed around the bartop tightly, waiting to shout their drink orders at the harried-looking bartenders. Molly smiled, turning to regale someone else with her maybe-cat-and-skunk story.
“Careful, my darling”, he murmured when she stumbled. She regained her balance easily, running to him and throwing her arms around his leg. John returned from the bedroom, an easy smile lighting up his face at the comfortable domestic scene that greeted him in the sitting room. Sherlock had swapped the violin in his arms for a feisty three year old, and was speaking seriously with her about their plans for the day as he carried her to the window.
Billy continued his mutterings as Gary poured them two pints, as well as two smaller glasses for him and Billy. He distributed them, raising his for a toast.
Billy interrupted him, nudging him in the ribs with his elbow. “He said ‘we’, I was just about to ask him if ‘we’ meant he brought his partner— ooh, sorry. Your er, detective partner, I mean. Not your partner-
"No. It cannot. None of this can be arranged because I don't work for you and you don't work here and even though you are, admittedly... useful... I am not—"
Instead, Gary leaned his arms on the bar, beaming.
“Do they, John? Hmm. Didn’t know that.”
“Billy, if you don’t mind, we’d love to—” Sherlock untangled himself from Billy’s grasp and pressed his forefinger to his lips. “We’re just hoping for some peace and qu—”
With well-practised movements, he navigated the crowded streets of a London that would never exist again. The pavement was clean and solid beneath his boots as he walked. He could feel the eyes of other people on him as he strode with his head held high, a purpose to his steps. All around him, brightly lit signs flashed enticing promises:
Sherlock looked up then with a smile on his face. John smiled back, nodding as he turned toward the loo.
“Recognize it?” Sherlock’s voice was close again as he squatted next to John. He slid his hands under the woman’s body, feeling around and ‘hmm-ing’ quietly to himself.
John! Are you awake?
“Hmm?
The rest of Mycroft’s sentence was drowned out by the sound of Sherlock’s harshly screeching bow — purposefully done — and dissonant notes.
Sleep! I didn’t sleep. Of course I was alone.
“I’ll call, but I’m coming with you.”
Which you are, of course. The most gorgeous human.
. They hadn’t figured it out yet, but look at them! Now they have!”
“It’s rather sad, isn’t it?”
“You’re nicely dressed. Off to see the Queen?”
John had been one of the beta testers for the prototype, but had scarcely got a chance to try it before he’d been recruited to the battlefield. He’d thrived on the frontlines; patching up the injured, saving lives of the severely wounded, comforting the comrades of the fallen… until a rogue bullet had ricocheted off of a nearby pile of rubble and lodged itself in his shoulder. He’d spent the remainder of the war in a rehabilitation hospital, tucked away in the countryside, safe and sound from all the action, and bored out of his mind. One of the nurses had paid him extra attention. He was lonely and depressed, with nothing to lose, and no prospect of a future, so he had followed her back to London once the all clear was given. They’d hurried to marry and start a family, dreams of hers that she feared would never be possible in the post-war dystopia. He’d gone along, mostly because he couldn’t think of anything better to do.
Sherlock feigned a sigh, brandishing his bow with a flourish as he launched into yet another rendition of “Twinkle Twinkle Little Star”, the popular children’s version of the French classic folk song he’d learned to play as one of his first violin pieces, when he was not much older than Rosie was now. He smiled at her delight as she twirled around the sitting room, her ‘fancy dress’ swirling from her tiny hips in a rainbow of colours.
Sherlock held up a hand. “Gary, that won’t be necessary.”
He turned to wash his hands in a basin at the foot of the cot and the small crowd burst into applause, patting him on the back and giving their congratulations. The pretty nurse flashed a broad smile at him as she finished up with the patient, making him as comfortable as possible.
John leaned back against the headrest of his chair, that same soft, small smile on his face. He looked perfectly content and Sherlock wanted to capture this moment forever. He closed his eyes, committing every detail to memory, shelved in the special room of his mind palace reserved only for John.
He follows you around because you have a reputation for being insufferable to the forensics team in particular and because more than once, you have pilfered evidence from the crime scene. Which he was blamed for. So, yeah, I imagine he doesn't feel particularly warm and fuzzy toward you because you are arrogant and rude, and often solve the cases much quicker than him and his entire team could ever dream of. But he's still a forensics specialist. And not your assistant by any stretch of the imagination."
“Now what? Does he need us to draw him a nappy-changing diagram? Oh I do hope she’s saved up a good poo for him.” Sherlock’s voice in his ear was deep and shockingly seductive, considering the subject. His breath was warm on John’s cheek and smelled faintly of tequila. John chuckled and held up his mobile as Sherlock slid back into his seat.
Sherlock looked the man over as he finished talking. He was pacing the floor, nervously twisting his ratty hat between his hands. His fingernails were dirty — not dirty,
It wasn’t even ten, but John was yawning, his limbs heavy now. Sherlock squeezed his shoulder and gave him a tiny smile.
, most of it drowned out in the ambient noise.
The music poured forth, his deepest darkest secrets and desires laid bare at John’s feet. He did not look at John, though he wanted to, was desperate to, to gauge the effect that this particular piece had on John. John was not musically trained, but he was empathetic, attuned to Sherlock in a nearly supernatural way. Sherlock felt as though every errant thought he’d ever had about his flatmate and friend could be read in the shape of the notes as they filled the sitting room; the mournful
John laughed and lifted his now empty glass to join in.
Sherlock merged onto the motorway and headed southwest. They’d barely cleared the city before John’s eyelids began to droop, the extra hours of working at the clinic and on cases catching up to him. He wasn’t as young as he used to be, that was certain.
“At ease, comrades. What have you got for me today?”
Sent 16:51
John!
All I’ve been hitting are dead ends, again and again. Mycroft came today and while he was blathering on about some ‘national emergency’, it hit me. Somewhere in the Diogenes Club — the only place I’d been before I was set to meet you here — there’s a leak. Charles Magnussen— surely you’ve heard of him? Newspaper mogul, owns nearly every media—”
Obvious.
"The truth remains, Sherlock, that you are not employed here. Anderson, annoying as he may be,
Still grumbling, John followed Sherlock down the stairs and out to the kerb, where the rental car was idling. He loaded his beat-up duffle in next to Sherlock’s much posher suitcase and slammed the back door shut. Sherlock had rented a Land Rover, citing that he liked them especially for the leg room. John didn’t necessarily need extra leg room, but he appreciated the spaciousness all the same as he slid into the passenger seat. The interior was clean, and smelled like air freshener, though John didn’t notice one dangling from the rear mirror.
I didn’t sleep much either. Greg’s couch leaves a lot to be desired.
Sent 16:58
“2001 Ford Fiesta. A team has been dispatched to his current residence.”
Sherlock glanced up at John, his fingers never missing a note, but shifted his gaze so he was looking over John’s left shoulder. John was like the sun, Sherlock’s personal sun. He was warm, and necessary for survival, but it hurt to look right at him for too long. Just as man would never touch the burning star at the center of the universe, so too had Sherlock resigned himself to never being able to get too close to the center of his universe without burning up.
Sherlock Holmes, long coat billowing behind him, was striding across the immaculate lawn, much to the chagrin of whatever officer had been securing the premise as discreetly as possible. He could hear the plainclothes’ shout and then her hurried footsteps as she chased after him.
John, that’s a disaster. You mustn’t let her go to school like that, she’ll be teased! You go get the door, I’ll fix up Rosie’s hair.”
John pulled away gently, the lingering taste of Sherlock warm and comfortable on his lips. It had been a chaste kiss, and it had served its purpose.
“Clinic over on Harley. But it’s just not the same, mate. Not like back when we were at Barnet.” John heaved a morose sigh. “I miss those days. Sounds trite, sure, but at least the injuries and illnesses were interesting. Now it’s all the same shit, different day. I treated four cases of dysentery and three paediatric cases of rickets this week. At least there used to be variety and… some fucking
Sherlock smiled. “Yes.”
His soul ached with longing; for his room at home,
Lestrade directed this last question at the room at large, though none of the officers milling about seemed to notice. Sherlock took the opportunity of his distraction to brush past him and enter the house.
. Lead the way, partner in crime.”
was a favourite of his, with its wildly swinging key signature, a tangle of flats and sharps matching his equally wildly swinging emotions. He hummed a few bars of the main theme to himself, quietly, the notes carried on the breeze of his breath into the stuffy air of the shoddy room.
Sherlock hummed thoughtfully as the trio made their way to Lestrade’s cruiser. John slid into the back, letting Sherlock and his long limbs (and aversion to the back of police cars. John hadn’t ever worked up the nerve to ask about it) claim the passenger seat. As they pulled out of the car park and headed toward the zoo, Sherlock rubbed his finger against his bottom lip.
“What back?” Sherlock asked distractedly.
Sherlock didn’t need much sleep so he often went to St Bart’s to work in the lab enjoying the peace and quiet that came along with being the only one there late at night, surrounded by microscopes and test tubes. He’d realized that Watson was there before he’d even opened the doors and was slightly nonplussed by it.
“Just be careful,” John admonished.
“What? Do you have spies watching me or something?” John laughed.
“Do you have an ulcer? Espresso and ulcers don’t go together very well. You drink coffee daily, though so I figured that you didn’t. Has this ever happened before?” Sebastian asked in a solicitous manner.
“You said that we’d talk about it in the morning so we’ll talk about it in the morning. I feel quite confident in my ability to recreate the results tomorrow so your attention isn’t urgent. I’ve been practicing for over a month and today I finally perfected it. I was just flush with success and wanted to share it with you. No worries. Go to bed, John.”
“P-p-please, John!” Sherlock stuttered. “Beat me again. Harder! Please!”
“Hamish, after your father, and John after mine.” Elizabeth said with a bright smile.
“Stand up. What are you doing on the floor anyhow?” John pushed at the door again.
- MH”
“I’m slightly above average in looks, John. My brain is my true gift,” Sherlock said matter of factly.
Dear heart,
“What is this, some kind of reunion?” Moran opened the door to see three people dressed in black who were clearly government agents.
“No. Not my body. Not my problem. I’m out of the body business. Either apologize properly and without the sarcasm this time or you’re on your own.” John said smugly.
“Valley of the Dolls. Oh John. You scamp! I haven’t read this in years! Good trash choice,” Becca said, fanning the pages of the book while she set herself down next to a peacefully sleeping Sherlock. She patted him on the shoulder.
“Oh, John tried to take Lawrence’s toy away. John pushed him. John made fun of him. Lawrence was just defending himself.”
“Lay down, please. I don’t have all night to do this. Well, I do but I don’t think you’d like picking up a corpse if you don’t behave. Now. Lay. Down.” Becca patted the bed.
“That’s ridiculous! We have a position open right now where I work and we’ve been trying to fill it for the past six months…but…” Mike trailed off.
“John.” Came the familiar voice.
“Anything for you, my sweet,” John said as he pounded into Sherlock roughly. “Anything…”
“Oh, don’t forget this.” Becca said and threw her car keys underhanded, hitting Sebastian directly in the middle of his back.
“If you could keep any patrons from leaving until we’re able to interview them, it’d be greatly appreciated.” Although it was phrased as a request, they all knew that it was quite obviously not a suggestion. Lestrade had a way about him that put everyone at ease. People following orders without realizing that it hadn’t been their idea in the first place. Except for that damned Sherlock Holmes.
“Good morning.”
“Fisting? So I fight you off and you dominate me. We’ve wrestled before. Honestly, John. You’re being childish.”
“Harriet. It’s John,” he said softly.
“Please. I just need to see him. I can’t have my last image be of his broken body laying at the bottom of the staircase while he lost the baby. Please?”
“Good, good,” John said, grazing his sharpened canines against Sherlock’s inner thigh ending with with a kiss.
“”John takes Sherlock over his knee, pulls down his silk pajama bottoms and spanks him…””
“Why would I name my penis?” Sherlock asked, pausing the motion of both hands, awaiting John’s response.
“You could just ask me where he is. I might be feeling generous. You never know.
“Well, if you’re sure,” Mrs Watson capitulated easily, relieved.
“Tell me a story.”
“It’s fine. Don’t ruin the moment. Isn’t this romantic? The water rushing by, you leaning against the railing, me…behind you.” John pressed his erection between the cleft of Sherlock’s buttocks, placed a hand on either hip he pulled Sherlock against him.
“Doctor, please take my temperature?” Sherlock asked coyly.
“It’s been three minutes. I still have time. What does that mean? ’No conscience?’”
“Less talk, more foreplay,” John said, reaching a hand out and pulling Sherlock down beside him.
“It’s fine. I’ve got it. Now, lean back, shut your eyes AND your mouth, and let me do my job! I’m starting to have performance anxiety over this. It’s a matter of pride at this point. We’re not leaving until you come!”
Sherlock suddenly poked his head in the door and said;
“Sherlock! You thought it was an old woman and still didn’t stop?!”
“You have no choice,” Sherlock stated.
“It’s just pretend, Sherlock. Who would know? This one is audio only.”
“Not interested.”
“What’s he gone and done now? Quit school? Typical.”
“Nothin’s wrong wiff ma voicth. Sthis sthupid stube s’stuck on ma tongue and I can’th pull it off.” Jim made as if to pull the tubing off of his tongue but Sebastian took care of it for him in order to hold what little blood John had left, inside of him.
“Well?”
“Nothing. I was just thinking about the odds of a body showing up in front of building full of medical staff.”
"Yes, sir," Sherlock said, his voice lowered in that silky whisper that he was so good at. I felt my cock twitch again.
“Yeah?” He asked, opening the door a crack to find Sherlock standing on his front stoop.
John removed his kerchief from his morning suit and used it to gently wipe the tears away from Sherlock’s eyes.
Saturday 1:30am
“Ok but only for a few minutes. He won’t be awake at all tonight. Perhaps leaving Mr Watson and your daughter at home when it comes to visiting, might be a good idea,” the doctor said gently.
“Think of it as more of a suggestion. A very strong suggestion.”
“God. You feel amazing. I’ve never wanted anyone in my life as much as I want you.”
Sherlock set about hanging up his jacket and rolling up his shirt sleeves. Kicking off his shoes but keeping his socks on, he said,
Becca arrives to save the day.
“Ah. I see.”
“And my hand on your cock,” Sherlock said smugly.
“Time to find that iPad.” John searched the bathroom from top to bottom; no iPad. He went back to Sherlock’s bedside, and looked down at him.
“What’s wrong with your brother?”
“Well, too bad! Now shut up while I jerk you off!”
It definitely cut down on time wasted trading insults with Anderson and Donovan. Although he did indulge in trading barbs with them on those occasions when a case wasn’t interesting enough to hold his attention. A bored Sherlock was a dangerous, borderline malicious Sherlock.
“I found my brother doped to the gills and your name was all over it - literally.”
Sherlock was openly sobbing now.
“Wrong. I’m looking right at the page and it doesn’t say that at all,” John tightened his grip.
“Where do you think you’re going?” John asked as Sherlock began to get up.
“Oh, where are my manners. Need to scrub up first,” she said with a smile.
“What? No. The pictures should already be on my computer and I’d like your expertise on cause of death.”
Pulling back John’s shirt collar, Sebastian opened the small packet in his hand and used the slip of gauze saturated in alcohol to wipe a spot on John’s shoulder with it.
“Sebastian?” Catching Moran just as he was closing the door.
“John. It gets dark early in the winter. Why won’t you listen to me? You’re not safe. Not anymore.” Sherlock said to the now empty room.
“Remain calm?! My balls!!!”
“No. It’s the first time I’ve met him but apparently he’s been watching me for quite some time and finally decided to start leaving notes to get my attention…”
“‘Is that all’?” That’s a big deal to me. That’s my final frontier. You might even say that I’m a virgin.”
“Yeah. That’s what we’re doing right now, in fact. Hey. Thanks for listening. Sorry to dump all of this on you. I don’t usually do this sort of thing.” John apologized.
I knew that would hold them for a bit but that their egos wouldn’t let them keep that score to themselves for long. Criminals always think that they’re smarter than everyone else. Each thought that they could get the rest to keep the secret and I’d never find out. So I added a little glamor for insurance using their egos against them. They were more than happy and smug to have something that the others hadn’t. As each one died, they’d come to me cry the entire time that I was blowing them. I probably would have spread the killings out over a longer period of time if I hadn’t become angrier with each meeting. They sickened me and I couldn’t wait for it to be over.”
“Consulting Detective, remember? Were you shot in the head as well? Bad memory?” Sherlock said, tapping his index finger to his forehead.
“Where is this person then?”
“Who told you?” She whispered so softly that he barely heard her.
“Sherlock! Sherlock, wait!” Lestrade caught sight of the man on the ground at the last minute and was able to avoid him.
John laughed at that image, then said, “Well, that’s worrisome.”
“Examination gloves…”
“This really didn’t require full nudity, Sherlock,” John said, amused in spite of himself.
“…nothing…” Sebastian finished lamely.
John stumbled a bit when he realized that Sebastian had been whistling Don’t Fear The Reaper by Blue Oyster Cult. ‘Sebastian certainly had a macabre sense of humor,’ John thought with a laugh. John was at the door to his building without remembering most of the trip. He went inside without giving Sebastian or that song another thought. Tomorrow was going to be a good day. He just knew it.
“This might be a little confusing so pay attention; I don’t want to have to repeat myself. I despise repeating myself.”
"Am not," John said, smiling as he began to slowly slide his fingers in and out of Sherlock's hole.
He’d hitched a ride with Lestrade back to the hospital who’d dropped him off at the door assuming that John was just going in to make sure that the body was stored properly so that he could begin examining it after he’d had some sleep. But John had no intention of going home. What for? It’s not like he had anything better to do or that he was able to sleep for more than an hour at a time anyway, so he just followed the med techs as they wheeled the body into the morgue and placed it on the table.
“Towel…” Sherlock finished lamely.
“About what? What could that murderer possibly want to talk to you about?” John asked, anger clear in his voice.
“God! Fine. I’m sorry that I ran into you in a place where you shouldn’t have been in the first place. Supposedly re-injured your already injured shoulder which seems to have been miraculously cured, by the way. And now you require an infantile apology rather than assist on a murder case where the victim is only getting colder by the minute. How’s that? Does that satisfy your delicate sensibilities.”
"Yeah, well," John said, reaching down to squeeze Sherlock's already stiff member, "Your cock doesn't seem to mind."
“Insufferable arse.”
All of John’s anger quickly drained out of him as he took a good look at Sherlock realizing how pale he was and the grimace of pain on his face and instantly put on his doctor persona.
“What did you say?” Sebastian said, allowing some of his anger to escape now that Becca was doing her job.
“Just wait a minute, dammit! You can’t casually ask to have penetrative sex with someone who, up until they met you, was a heterosexual male.”
“Haven’t you had enough whiskey to dull the pain yet? You’re clearly not drunk so you’re used to drinking but you’re also holding your glass with your left hand now so you’re obviously feeling better. Come with me to look at the body. It’ll be fun.”
“The hell you say! He doesn’t know you. He’s just been stalking you! Leaving you love notes on…on the people he’s killed! You sound almost flattered by this!” John exclaimed.
“Punching you in the face would never be a waste of time. I might cut myself on those cheekbones…”
Wednesday 8:15
“Yep. And then I’m off for the week.”
“Fine. What else?”
“Well, uh…oh…that’s nice…” John sighed, eyes still closed.
“I killed a cabby for you. Same thing only the flower is much better looking.”
“S’ok. Harder!”
“Well, it seems that old houses need to have the floors maintained or the floorboards begin to separate with random pieces popping up. You hid the cigarettes under the bed, Mrs Hudson surprised me causing me to pull myself from beneath said bed so that she wouldn’t catch me and…” Sherlock waved his hand halfheartedly. “This is the result.”
“Just a few more. Does Doctor Watson work here full time or does he have a day job as a surgeon?”
“The fuck, Sherlock? First of all, let’s talk about his spying on us.”
John hadn’t seen him in two days, and had been enjoying Sherlock’s quiet sulk when suddenly; eggs. No apologies. No greeting. He’d just launched into that hard boiled egg nonsense. Sherlock was up to something. He was playing one of his bait and switch games where he suggested the most ridiculous thing that he could think of and then acted as if he’d given in to John and “settled” for asking him to do whatever crazy thing it was that he’d wanted in the beginning. The goal being that the first thing was so outrageous that the real request seemed reasonable in comparison.
“You mean that you ‘used to be’ a surgeon until that pesky rifle shot to the left shoulder in…Iraq? Afghanistan? Took that ability away from you. Tragic loss for a leftie,” Sherlock said sarcastically, watching in satisfaction as John’s face suffused with red.
“You’re not even trying to hide it from me! Don’t you care about your health?!” John demanded.
“So I’m stuck with him? WE’RE stuck together? Forever? There’s no way out of this? At all? I find that difficult to believe.”
John held his palm to Sherlock’s face. He sucked on John’s fingers first, and then put all of his effort into getting John’s palm nice and slick.
“Sorry but, no. I’d need to get to know you a bit better and from what I’ve seen so far, there’s not enough time in the world to make me want to get into your bed.”
“Ah,  here we are. Do close your mouth John.”
John gulped.
“It’s uncomfortable,” Sherlock replied, clearly NOT enjoying himself.
“MRS HUDSON WON’T APPRECIATE IT IF YOU BREAK ANOTHER DOOR, JOHN!” Sherlock yelled as John ran down the stairs.
Saturday 2:30am
“What on earth are you talking about?” Sherlock asked, slightly puzzled.
Sherlock looked down at what he was wearing, then looked back at John’s face and burst out laughing.
“Thank you, John. I’ll keep that in mind,” Sherlock gave a little laugh.
“I could easily get to your brother - if he wasn’t surrounded by so many body guards. Clever man. And he’s very serious about his vetting process. Oh, I could eventually get past all that but why bother when you’re the one that I really want and you have absolutely no protection.”
“I’m not worried! Why do you keep saying that?!”
“Not yet. I really want to talk about this last color, ‘pila’…” John said, giving Sherlock a knowing glance.
“Well, on the first one, I’ll leave that to Sherlock to…convince you, however, you have no control over being, as you say, “stalked.” I care about my brother very much, Doctor Watson. I won’t allow you to hurt him. If he wants you, he shall have you.”
Sherlock tried following John’s scent through both doors and although he could smell John, he couldn’t tell if he’d used either door recently. Even the vampire scent was deeply embedded here as if it came here every day as well.
“I do but…I’m embarrassed.”
“God, Sherlock. What’s wrong?” Lestrade had been enjoying making him uncomfortable but he was clearly in pain now.
Sherlock turned and gave Mycroft his undivided attention.
“Um, that’s ok.” Was this that Moriarty character that Sherlock had warned him about? Pretty ballsy to try and pick him up right at the entrance of St Bart’s.
“Yes, John. I love you too,” Sherlock said, nuzzling into John’s chest.
“Oh, so you want the murder to be a surprise? Well, I wouldn’t have thought that you were one for surprises but have it your way.” Moriarty laughed.
‘And just what the hell was taking John so long?’ Sherlock thought. He felt like John was avoiding him which was fairly insulting given the fact that Sherlock had promised not to walk him home anymore. John’s lack of trust in Sherlock was very irritating, completely oblivious to the irony that he was only ‘technically’ doing as John had requested. Sherlock wasn’t the most self-aware person in the world. Self-centered? Absolutely. Self-aware? No.
“Did he? Interesting. And did he wonder what that was all about?”
“I’m not telling you that, John.” Sherlock stated firmly.
“Please accept my sincere apologies.”
“Fine. If you’re coming in, come in,” John said, pulling the shower curtain open wide enough so that they could both fit inside.
“Fine. Judging by the small amount of blood, I’d say that his foot was taken off postmortem, with…chicken shears by the look of it. Ew.”
"Fine but this is the last extension. I'm not doing five out of seven. When you lose this time. It's over and you pay what you owe.”
“Great! Thanks! You won’t regret it.”
“I see that your attitude hasn’t been improved by the pain. You’re still as big a jerk as usual, albeit it, a bit more subdued.” John said, pulling his small kit of scalpels.
There was a sudden banging at his door and Moran took his time getting out of the chair before answering it.
“What was that? Can’t hear you. My goodness, you’re thirstier than I thought,” John said, tipping the bottle up to empty the rest of the water into Sherlock’s mouth.
“Well, yes. That’s an accurate summary but did you get a look at any of the specifics?”
“He assured me that he was just having you on,” Sherlock said, hoping that John wouldn’t ask to read the message.
“That’s it. I’ve heard enough of this bullshit. I’m leaving now. Never contact me again,” John said, turning to get his coat and leave.
“You’re being ridiculous.”
“Goodnight, John.”
“It’s ok, John. I was a medic in the military and I’m more than qualified to give injections. I’ve also performed surgery in the field which will come in handy today.” Sebastian said, now running his fingers through John’s hair.
‘Well, she’ll be gone for hours,’ Sherlock thought, getting gingerly on his hands and knees to retrieve his prize. As he began to stand up, he felt a sharp stabbing pain in his back and decided that he should probably see what that was about and then he could open a window in the living room and smoke to his heart’s content.
“Wow! You really ARE prepared!” John laughed loudly then winced.
“Don’t you have some baking to do? Some ginger nuts would be lovely!” Sherlock said, grimacing.
“That’s a lovely waterfall they’ve created here.” John remarked casually.
“You’re absolutely sure? There’s nothing? Nothing I can do to change your mind?” Sherlock rocked his cock against John’s arse while picking up the speed of his strokes.
“And I can trust you to stay where you are if I untie you?”
“Don’t worry. I’ll make sure you’re ready.”
“You don’t mean that. You’re just in a lot of pain right now and…”
“You need a pompous git that badly? Bad enough to put up with the condescension and the insults?”
“Where is he? Don’t make me ask again.”
“Obviously,” Mycroft replied.
“Well?” John asked with a smirk.
John picked it up and read;
“No, it’s not.”
“That’s too bad. Could have been fun,” John said, opening the front of Sherlock’s coat and sliding his hands around his waist.
“‘Well’ what?”
“”Tide,” eh?” John laughed. “How dramatic.”
“Sherlock. Sherlock, wait!” John panted as he ran to catch up.
“Ok. Ok. Good. I’ll see you soon,” Sherlock disconnected the call without waiting for a reply from Mycroft. He needed to pull himself together. He was swamped by emotions and he didn’t know how to deal with them or even recognize what exactly he was feeling. All but one: anger. When he found John, he was going to dice Moriarty into little pieces, and ensure that he lived long enough to regret ever having taken John and Sherlock knew several ways to ensure that that happened.
“You’ll never know until you’ve tried,” Sherlock said, finishing by sucking on John’s earlobe.
“Baby cakes! You know I’m here for you! I’ll be right over. Blow job when I get there? My treat. Mycroft. Mycroft?” Becca looked at Irene who was rolling around on the bed laughing.
“Ah HAH! You admit it!”
“Well, silly secret knocks are usually followed by silly secret handshakes. I was just wondering if you two children had progressed that far in your paranoia.”
John twitched at that particular choice of words.
“Da! You can’t mean to hurt John!” She reached out and pulled one of his hands off of John’s collar who then lost his balance and fell in what seemed like slow motion, down the stairs. John hit the floor with a sickening thud and lay still.
“Don’t worry. Becca’s handling it,” Irene answer blithely.
“Which was?”
I could feel Sherlock grin and he said, "Oh, don't apologize. It was completely worth it."
“Just get on with it,” John grumbled.
“Like what you see?” John asked when he caught Sherlock staring open mouthed.
“Busy week?” Sebastian asked.
“Especially when it’s been drugged.”
“I said I’m going to bed.”
Monday Evening
He could hear Sebastian rummaging through lab containers until he found what he was looking for: a body bag. John’s eyes widened.
“I assume that you’ve been informed of my request?”
“No. You’re not. You’re relieved. Let’s not kid ourselves.”
One day he’d been cutting through the park to see his therapist (Ella), head down, trying not to make eye contact with anyone, as usual. He’d been reduced to his old self - timid and trying to remain hidden in plain sight.
““Got tired of waiting, Sherlock. Yours, JM””
John felt the faint brush of lips against his cheek and the scent of vanilla extract that she’d used making the scones.
“Yes.”
“His number. It’s a little disconcerting that he puts his name at the end of his texts. I really don’t want to get in the middle of a family squabble.”
“About Soul Mates…,” John began.
“Greg. Irene just called and told me where John is and that he’ll need an ambulance. Can you handle that for me? Here’s the address. I’m going to kill that woman.”
“Well, before we get started, again,” Lestrade said, reaching into a pocket and pulling out a bottle of paracetamol. He tapped two into his palm and handed them to John.
“Standing is fine. I don’t expect to be kept waiting for long.”
"Out of curiosity, what did Sherlock just lose?" Lestrade asked, just then noticing the bottle of lube sitting on the coffee table. Given the fact that they were both naked...he was positive that he didn't want to know.
“Well, why did you play along then?!” John shouted.
John lifted his right arm and Sherlock immediately snuggled in. John wrapped his arm about Sherlock.
“He can bring a client off in under five minutes. They leave singing his praises saying that it was better than intercourse and that they’d never let anyone else suck their cock again because no one could ever compare to Doctor Watson.”
Sherlock was quiet for a few moments then disconnected.
“Me? What about me?”
“You’re such a cock sometimes.”
“OH! John. Why didn’t you just say that in the first place? I don’t care about all of this Alpha/Omega business. I just want John. It doesn’t matter what he is.”
“And how did he accomplish this amazing feat of taming the offenders?”
“You’re taking this rather well…oof!”
“Not sick, eh?” John said, pulling Sherlock close to stroke his hair.
“I need to bite you, Sherlock. I want to drink down your excitement. Would you like it if I bit you here?” John asked, placing a kiss on Sherlock’s femoral artery on his inner thigh.
Moran was packing up to head out to Bart’s when Moriarty stopped him with a hand gently placed on his shoulder then moved his hand up until he could twirl Sebastian’s hair at the back of his neck. Looking up at Moran through lowered lashes in a flirty manner, Jim said;
“I hope so.”
“Fine. Never. Still. You have to admit that it’s interesting.”
“Ok. Ok. Enough,” Irene said, laughter in her voice and a smile on her lips.
“No! No kissy!” She protested anyway, swatting at Sherlock as he smoothed down her hair on the back of her head. It was wild, as it usually was, sticking up in random clumps, often with bits of food stuck in it.
John slid his mobile out of his pocket to check the time and his messages. There had been a flurry of texts from Mycroft shortly after they’d arrived, seeming shockingly inept at the care of a toddler. Sherlock had been worried for Rosie, John could tell, but he’d handled his brother (mostly) gracefully and it had sorted itself out. Now, John can’t help being the one worrying a bit, wondering if they were getting on okay or if Rosie was spending the whole time missing her daddies.
Sherlock gave a short nod, and his lips tightened at the corners, but he said nothing.
With his right hand, John worked a makeshift suction device and with his left, he stitched the hole back together with perfect, precise stitches. The patient was quiet , his jaw working occasionally, making his smooth skin —  scarcely even a shadow of facial hair — wrinkle. He kept his eyes open, tracking John’s every movement as he tied off the sutures. He reached into his kit and pulled out a roll of gauze, bandaging the area carefully before straightening up and glancing around the tent.
"Sherlock, I swear — what?"
“Greg. It’s good to see you.”
“Brilliant.” John breathed, for Sherlock’s ears only as several people scuttled to follow these directions. Out of the corner of his eye, he saw Sherlock flush slightly.
“Wait. Just. A moment. I want to…” John tilted his head quizzically but he remained sitting. “John. I love you and I love our life together. I want to… I want to play something for you.”
Sherlock’s mouth tilted into the little ‘vee’ that always made John a bit weak in the knees with endearing love.
“Oh, our anniversary, that's right…”
Sherlock’s nostrils flared, though he maintained his composure, tipping down his chin and pulling himself up to his full height, which was not as impressive as he seemed to think. Bit over six feet, barely ten stone, he wasn’t terribly fearsome in stature. Lestrade had seen him soaked to the skin, dripping Thames water and blue from cold, and without the extra height from those riotous curls or the bulk of that great bloody coat, he looked mostly like an angry, hissing cat.
in my email.” Sherlock thrusts his mobile at John.
“Did we just become accessories to murder?”
The sun was setting, casting a warm orange glow over the streets, making the buildings look as though they were being burned from an internal inferno.
“Another drink?” Sherlock held up his nearly-empty glass for inspection before nodding. John hopped down from his stool and wove his way, much less gracefully than Sherlock had, to the bar to join the jostling throng.
“Boys! There’s someone at the door, did you not hear the bell? Honestly, in my age, I can’t be managing the stairs so many times, you really ought to install a louder bell if you can’t hear it over all this racket, you know it’s never for me. Anyone who calls on me does it properly, doesn’t just buzz that bell incessantly— oh
Robert picked up on the third ring, directing Sherlock to a beat up silver Nissan left idling outside the train station. He shoved Sherlock’s case in the backseat, and then slid into the driver’s side, navigating the rush hour traffic effortlessly. While he drove, he excitedly told Sherlock that earlier that day, he’d managed to sneak into his brother’s bedroom while he was in the shower and take a picture of the map he’d seen Nathan with earlier in the week. He also found some other papers — the original deed to the house, and what sounded like a list of instructions, in riddle form. Sherlock held out his hand, demanding to see the photos. He scrolled through rapidly before sending them to his own mobile.
He thought wryly.
What is?
With a sigh, John watched as the lovely arse hurried away, shooting an apprehensive look at the monster in the wedding dress before she disappeared round the corner.
He stood, brushing debris from his trouser legs and wondering idly where Robert had gotten off to. It had been hours since he’d seen the man. A sudden thought stopped him in his tracks. What if Nathan had solved the riddle already and had planted the key in the box? The key matched the ones Sherlock had seen on Robert's key ring, the ones to the guest rooms. Sherlock took off at a run, a sudden burst of adrenaline pumping in his veins. Nathan could be waiting in the room now for his brother, perhaps even armed. Sherlock hesitated, though his steps never slowed. Maybe he should call John. He could practically hear John’s voice in his head, scolding him that charging into a strange building, armed only with a skeleton key and a dangly numbered keychain was the height of stupidity. As he ran, he swivelled his head, looking for any signs of Nathan or Robert. But the grounds were quiet, dusk settling over everything with a hushed reverence. Past the house, traffic whizzed by; people headed out to enjoy their Friday evening. Sherlock shivered as he pulled open a side door, relieved that it was unlocked. It was warm inside the house, the smells of cooking inviting. Sherlock poked his head around the door, realising he had walked into the back of the kitchen. The staff were busy preparing meals for the guests and paid him no mind.
You’ve got me, Sherlock. All of me, forever.
“... it was in my hair, even! Do you know how hard that is to get out? I didn’t even know we had skunks in London! I thought they were like, one of those… umm… myth— no— urban legends!”
Though Lestrade was nowhere near that level of comfortable living, he was thankful for his career, as it kept him busy and fed. He found himself often thankful even for his recent divorce, tough as it was. It left him free of obligations, of guilt, of the responsibility or worry for anyone else. It was selfish of him, he knew — and Laura hadn't missed a single opportunity to remind him of that, in case he ever forgot — but he could barely manage to care for himself on a good day. Thank goodness they hadn't had any children.
includes you. It so rarely does when it comes to pop culture.”
“To new beginnings with old friends! Iechyd da.”
“Easy as pie.”
had just the right amount of operatic melodrama to appeal to his partner. And from the first line or so, this guy sounded promising. Probably one of those people paid to keep the excitement going. John shimmied his chair over to get a better look, just as Lestrade leaned down and shouted over the cheering crowd.
“Sh— oh my
He shook his head and moved to the window, leaving her to the desk. The sight through the perfectly clean glass elicited another heavy sigh.
Sherlock folded his arms across his chest, turning his head to stare out the window at the blurring buildings, seeing none of it. Not exactly a drive in the countryside, but even this would’ve been remarkably more fun with John by his side. When was the last time they took a case out of the city limits of London? Sherlock couldn’t recall.
“Mm-hmm. I agree.”
“The smell? Yeah.” John sniffed, leaning over the woman. Her dark hair had clearly been styled, but now the top of it was plastered to the sides of her head, slick and wet with some substance that had a very slight odor. John touched a gloved finger to her skin— it slid. “She’s covered in… something.”
“No, Sherlock will get the door, I have to scrounge up something for Rosie’s lunch.
Sherlock flashed an appreciative look in his direction. “Well done, John. My thoughts exactly.”
Sent 16:52
, I thought she meant show him a funny YouTube video, not kill him.” John whispered through clenched teeth. He was tense, his head swivelling as Sherlock crouched next to the man. “Made it look like a plausible accident though.”
To his credit, Anderson left the room with nothing more than a sniff, though Greg was certain he heard some muttering as the man walked down the corridor to the guest bedroom. He couldn’t blame him, though he didn’t feel an ounce of pity. Sherlock had always been particularly scathing towards the weaselly man and while Lestrade couldn’t say that the man deserved it, he definitely thought it. Anderson was a right prat.
The door opened out into a large area with grass, tall tree trunks and large rocks. John glanced around quickly.
“Tchaikovsky.”
John nodded, squinting into the midday sun as he looked around. “Yeah, she’d love that, I think. We need to get her that bigger pushchair first though. She’s outgrown this one.” They’d walked past the zoo entrance a few times on their occasional trips to the park with Rosie, but John hadn’t ever been inside. “She’d love those big Galapagos tortoises.”
Sherlock may be a diva and a drama queen, John thought on the excruciatingly long cab ride home, but he was
“Yes. Aaron Willis. Former employee. Worked with the big cats, specifically. Fired in 2011 for mistreating the animals in his care. Was arrested in 2012 and 2013 for battery.”
John caught up to Sherlock as he strode toward the exit at the opposite end of the park, waving to Lestrade as they passed.
“Nah. That’s ok. I’m good. My flat is within walking distance. I think I’m going to head home now,” John said standing up.
“Yes?”
Sherlock
“In the crime. Not you. He. Doesn’t. Know. You.”
“And the red that’s on his hands is a symbol of passion and fertility. I’m guessing that the victim might have been having an affair with the murderer’s significant other.”
Grabbing a pillow from the headboard, John lifted Sherlock up and placed it under his hips so that he’d have easier access to his prize. And a prize it was, indeed.
They were almost at John’s flat and Sherlock was beginning to feel a bit…he had no idea what but he didn’t like it. His heart was pounding so fast that it felt like it was about to jump out of his chest. He was also nervous which was ridiculous. Sherlock Holmes was never nervous. He had perfect control over his emotions at all times.
Sherlock turned his head to glare at John.
“Isn’t that better?” John asked, running his hands up and down Sherlock’s flanks.
“No time,” Becca said, not looking at Moran and waving him on.
“Yesh,” Sherlock said, spitting a curl out of his mouth.
Spreading Sherlock’s cheeks again, John slowly eased the closed speculum inside of his rectum until it was firmly seated against his anus and could go no further.
“Ooh. What that woman does to me! Yummy!” Becca said as Moran entered the room sans secret knock, the blood warmer hidden under his shirt. It really was bubblegum pink and he’d be damned if he’d walk around carrying something like that in public. Well, if there was anyone about.
16 Years Later
“When you said that you’d do anything for me…” Sherlock began.
•	Time administered: 10pm
“You know, you’ve been talking to me for the past 20 minutes and you still haven’t met my gaze. I’d appreciate it if you’d look me in the eye when you’re talking to me. It’s just proper manners.”
“Can you escape now? I’ll wait,” John said, letting his legs give out and sitting on the floor next to Sherlock to watch.
“I happened to them. I drank their blood until I heard their heartbeat begin to stutter, then I drank the rest until their hearts finally gave out. I couldn’t leave teeth marks on the bodies so I tore their necks apart to ensure that Scotland Yard wouldn’t be able to find me by dental x-rays. No one believe in vampires anyhow so it was easy.
“He’s in recovery right now and not really up to visitors. He’s also on a lot of pain killers. You could come back tonight or tomorrow during visiting hours.”
“That speed reading thing is going to be the death of you one day, Sherlock. Try again and this time, pay attention.” Moriarty pushed the file back over to Sherlock who opened it again with a put upon sigh.
As John mercilessly continued pounding Sherlock, he could feel Sherlock’s orgasm approaching. His muscles were tightening up around, his cock throbbing in time with each thrust.
Sherlock coughed abruptly and looked away again. This wouldn’t do. He was a grown man, this conversation shouldn’t feel so uncomfortable yet here he was, blushing to the roots of his hair. Sometimes it was a curse being this fair skinned.
“True. You’re very important to me.”
“And what did it mean?”
“Right. Right. Sorry. I’ll be right back.”
“Watson. Elizabeth Watson. How is Harriet?”
Mycroft nodded in the direction of the staircase where a slightly disheveled John and Sherlock were making their way to the exit.
Placing the packet between his teeth, John ripped it open in one smooth pull and applied a generous amount lube to Sherlock’s cock.
I had fun writing this one.
“Listen, you pompous prig…” Anderson began.
“I already knew that.”
Thursday - 10:30pm
No. It would have only drawn negative attention to Irene’s business and cost people their jobs. The wrong people would get hurt - again. I pushed my anger down deep and carried on, business as usual. I’d taken care of the staff; no one was getting hurt anymore; I thought I could ignore what had been done. Well, not ignore it but…try not to dwell on it. That didn’t last long.”
I walked up to him and pulled down my sweatpants freeing my erection which I then proceeded to slide between his buttocks. We both sighed and I pressed harder, listening to Sherlock's breathing pick up.
“It’ll be over before you know it,” Sebastian assured him.
Saturday, 8pm
“I’m not a rapist and don’t take advantage of unconscious people!” Sherlock all but yelled.
“Yes, yes?”
They hadn’t left any evidence of what type of surgery they’d performed on John but Sherlock thought that they must have given him the morphine so that he didn’t feel any pain and would remain quiet while they’d moved to an unknown location. It appeared that the blood loss was minor; not life threatening - for now. Sherlock didn’t expect that to continue; Dhamphir blood was more addictive to vampires than heroine was for humans. Moriarty would drain John dry if they didn’t find him in time.
“Don’t worry. You won’t feel a thing,” John said as he began slowly fingering Sherlock open.
“Don’t you want to have sex? Don’t I smell good to you?” Sherlock pressed John against the door and slid his hard cock against John’s equally hard cock.
When there was no answer from Sherlock, he added a second finger causing a quick intake of breath from Sherlock.
"You know you love me."
John had delayed leaving the lab for as long as possible, dreading that he might find Sherlock out there waiting for him, despite having been warned off. If John knew that Sherlock had considered himself as being patient until now, there would never have been a question of moving into Baker Street. The answer would have been an immediate and emphatic ‘NO!’
"Times haven't changed, Mycroft. People are still out there murdering each other when if they'd just wait, nature would take care of that for them."
Sherlock huffed and pushed the button keeping the doors to the lift open.
Sherlock ran his hands through John’s hair and moaned in pleasure. If John’s enthusiasm was anything to go by, this was shaping up to be the best blow job he’d ever had, he thought.
"Look who's my little bitch," John said under his breath.
"Ok?" I asked.
John looked down at his cup, braced himself and did the same. Blech! Still awful, only bitter AND sweet now.
“No. You can’t have your mobile…”
“I’m off duty, not that it’s any of your business, and I knew better than to leave you alone with Sally.”
I’m speechless. However did you find what is clearly and antique, well loved doctor’s bag. The one that I had was indeed ratty so this gift was fortuitous in it’s arrival.
“Have they left yet?” Lestrade asked.
“You’re under a glamor and you’re still embarrassed? You’re a very interesting man with incredible will power. I might have to keep you. Would you like that, Sherlock?”
Mycroft informs John of the changes to his lifestyle. John doesn't take it well.
“Someone must really like you, Sherlock. Petroleum jelly is notoriously difficulty to remove from skin so it’s unlikely that you’ll care about being fucked without any further lubricant. There will be plenty left by the time I’ve done with the speculum.”
“It’s not really ‘hitting’ you with my fist so much as…entering you,” John looked at Sherlock expectantly hoping that he’d get it so that he didn’t have to go into detail.
As I said, I'm no expert. If I've gotten anything wrong, it was completely unintentional and I apologize.
“You could shower here,” Sherlock offered, licking the puncture wounds he’d made in John’s neck. He tasted even better than Sherlock had thought he would.
“I never beg.”
“Don’t be coy. My name is Sherlock Holmes and I’m a Consulting Detective, the only one in the world, and you’ll find that I don’t have a sense of humor so kindly remove yourself from that body before I remove you myself,” Sherlock said calmly but with deadly sincerity.
“Sorry to disappoint you but I am NOT attracted to you…” John began.
Becca, who had picked up the butterfly IV needle, just gave Sherlock a serious look and continued. After flushing the line, and finished hooking everything up, she hung the IV bag over the bedpost and opened the stop cock to let the drug start slowly flowing into Sherlock. He was going to be really angry about this news and she wasn’t looking forward to telling him.
“If I know Jim, and I do, he’ll all but killed out poor Doctor Watson and I can’t have Sherlock broken like that. I’m not sure he could live without that man and I just heard of him,” Irene finished.
— GL”
“I’ll be back as soon as possible,” Becca said, pulling on jeans, a tank top and sandals.
“Ah hah!” Sebastian crowed, holding up a small IV bag and showing it to John before he ran some fluid through the line to make sure that there weren’t any air bubbles or anything blocking the flow of the liquid. He then attached the connector to the Port installed in John’s chest, uncurled the connected catheter and lay the bag on John’s lap. It was filled with a clear substance and labeled but the print was too fine for John to read, especially in his current condition.
Wednesday - 2am
“Wasting time?! Wasting time?! Arranging for the safety of my Mate is NOT a waste of time, Mycroft! And you’d understand that had you a mate of your own; if not only to watch your weight for you. Especially since you’re clearly  incapable of doing so yourself.” Sherlock said antagonistically.
John withdrew from Sherlock and removed a handkerchief from his pocket, wiping his hands off and then putting the soiled material back in his pocket.
“That was a shot of morphine. The pain in your chest should already be receding. How are you?”
“Let’s see…pink is ‘gulabi’ and represents caring and compassion. Again, I’m probably misremembering and mispronouncing these so bear with me…
“You know, smirking doesn’t really suit you, John,” Sherlock said close to John’s right ear causing him to jump slightly. He hadn’t even heard the man move.
Sherlock closed the door behind him and left John to sleep it off. Sherlock predicted that he’d be confronted by an angry John Watson within the next eight to ten hours. He found himself surprised that he was looking forward to it. The anticipation itself was exciting. Sherlock smiled and waited…
“It’ll be ok, John. Just do what the boss says and I won’t have to hurt you. Oh, and thanks for letting me know about all of the empty morgue drawers. That was the inspiration that I needed to get you out of here under Sherlock’s very nose, as it were.” Sebastian smiled. It wasn’t a friendly smile.
“I slipped! Let me go!”
“No,” Sherlock said.
“As you can see, I am NOT drunk and you’re not carrying me anywhere. In fact, it’d be in your best interest not to touch me. You’ve had your warning, if you ignore it, I won’t be responsible for the consequences,” John said, gulping down another glass of scotch only to immediately pour another one.
Ever vigilant,
No. Having a reputation as being someone who’s able to keep secrets combined with amazing skills in the bedroom is a bit more lucrative.”
Another shot rang out, this one even closer than the last. Suddenly, the sound of helicopter blades could be heard and with the exception of Private Sturges, all five excitedly but carefully waved them in.
I tugged at his robe.
“Yes, Lestrade. That’s what I said. The butler did it. How should I know. Your lot identified the body. The master of the house obviously said one insulting thing too many and the butler snapped. Use your brain. The weapon is an ice pick which I’m sure a well trained butler would have cleaned and placed it back from whence it came. No. No paperwork. Why not? I gave you the murderer. The murder weapon. The reason for the murder. Time for you to do some of the work yourself.” Sherlock disconnected the call.
“I actually more worried now.”
TWACK!
"I wish you'd stop smiling so much. It's grating on my nerves!"
Monday
“Do you have anyone out front in the waiting room who would like to see the baby?” The nurse asked, trying to remain calm but her forced cheerfulness was starting to crack around the edges.
“I intend to taste you later so you’d better rest while you can.
“So I kept practicing until I was able to achieve the same result with ease. I’d had a very successful day and had been waiting for you to come home to share in the celebration.”
“Enough to last a lifetime,” John replied still continuing his work.
“As your lover, I’ll be right back with the petroleum jelly and thermometer.”
“The first three men seemed fine with the arrangement,” Sherlock said.
Getting on the bed, John straddled Sherlock’s hips and eased his way down the back of his thighs and stopping at Sherlock’s knees.
Once Sherlock had put himself into the requested position, John lay behind him and rocked his cock against Sherlock’s arse once, twice, three times then slid his cock down until the head was just at Sherlock’s hole.
“It’s…I think it’s Mycroft. I think that he accidentally butt-dialed me. He yelled something about Greg waiting for him and now it’s just a bunch of moaning and groaning.”
“Sherlock led me to believe that you were looking for a flat share.”
“John. Your jacket…” Sherlock began.
“Ow!”
"Fine. I'll just leave these over here. I'm sure you'll be hungry afterwards," Mrs Hudson said, walking into the room and setting the plate down on the coffee table next to where Sherlock's head now hung. He was panting desperately, sweat causing his curls to arrange themselves in adorable patterns on his forehead.
Moriarty has decided to stop waiting for Sherlock to find him so he sets up a meeting at the local diner in the middle of the night. A disagreement ensues - as you'd expect.
“I can be very convincing, Sherlock.”
“Well, the thing about ‘pila’ is,” and here John caught Sherlock’s eye and giving him a triumphant grin, “that it’s the color of knowledge and learning. It symbolizes happiness, meditation, and peace. That sounds like something you’d be interested in, doesn’t it, Sherlock?” John asked, one brow raised.
Treading lightly up the 17 stairs, she put a hand out, grabbed the doorknob, took a deep breath and went inside.
“My…how do you know about that.”
Combining these things created a fully formed virtual image that he could access at any time via his Mind Palace thus creating a crime scene that Sherlock could manipulate at will. Yes. A very useful tool.
“It’s just us.”
“What makes him so…special?” Sherlock asked, the tips of his ears turning red.
Using his fingertips, he began to lightly stroke the head of Sherlock’s cock through the fabric which elicited a deep moan from his partner.
“Never mind…” Moran mumbled.
“I do hope that Mycroft shows up before I leave. What fun!”
“She’d had to have been exceptionally tall. The victim is well over six foot.” John said.
After the obligatory argument about letting Sherlock into his flat, that is. John might have said ‘yes’ on occasion but more often than not, by the time they’d gotten to the door to his building, he was so irritated by Sherlock’s constant complaining that he just wanted him gone. And this night was shaping up to be worse than the rest.
“Nah…nothing…oh god!”
“How can you be so sure?”
“I know how to protect myself. I have military training,” John muttered.
“No. I won’t be discussing this with Scotland Yard,” Sherlock said, annoyed. One mention of the Yard and his erection began deflating almost immediately. Thank god.
“Your shoulder must be feeling better.”
“There’s no one there,” John said as he walked back to Sherlock. He slid his hand under Sherlock’s coat and inside trousers and pants, cupping his bottom.
“Now who’s spoiling dead men’s wet dreams?”
“Had enough?” John asked.
“So what? People who aren’t Soul Mates join together all the time.” Moriarty said, annoyed at Sherlock for being deliberately obtuse.
“It’s business. He’ll get over it. As if I’d let John die. My precious Sherlock’s heart couldn’t stand it!”
Sherlock looked up; he hadn’t realized that he’d said that last bit aloud.
“I’m not an idiot! And stop calling me ‘Moron.’ You know damned well that this is Jim’s doing. Not mine. There are more bags of blood in the refrigerator,” Sebastian huffed, stalked to the front door and slammed it quietly. It was evening after all and it wouldn’t do to draw attention to their secret hideout…oh god, it DID sound stupid!
My dearest John,
John reached down and grabbed the script out of the box and smacked Sherlock on the back with it then shoved it at him.
“No. No. But there’s a first time for everything. An antacid wouldn’t go amiss right about now but everything’s closed.”
“Good point! The case is over so Mycroft and I will just be going.” Lestrade tugged a Mycroft’s suit coat trying to get his attention.
They heard quick fumbling and the surprisingly loud sound of a zip being pulled up.
“You mean pensioned off…,”
“Beg me to shove my fist into you. Make it more believable than that last bullshit you gave me. Do it!” John flicked the speculum’s handle and Sherlock moaned.
A month later, he’d woken up in a hospital on the coast, the doctors telling him that they’d done as much for him as they possibly could but he would no longer be capable of performing surgeries due to the intermittent and uncontrollable tremor in his left hand. And that fast, his career as a soldier in the military was over. Then he was shipped back to London like so much worthless freight to begin both physical and PTSD therapy.
“Only mostly.” Becca said, both she and Irene chuckling.
Sherlock leaped from the bed and was immediately hit by a sudden wave of dizziness. He clutched at John.
Pulling down Sherlock’s pajama bottoms, the iPad was tucked firmly against his backside. John laughed and reached out to take the now very warm device leaving Sherlock’s pale, pert arse exposed.
“No. For all I know you’ve cut a two meter slab out of my back!”
“I want you to fuck me so hard that I’ll barely be able to sit down for days.”
“John. I’m so sorry about the espresso. Had I known that you would have had this type of reaction, I would have chosen a different type of drink to drug you with.” Sebastian said, pushing John’s damp hair off of his forehead.
“MOLLY?! You talked to Molly about this? Sherlock!” John exclaimed in mortification.
“Oh, yes. You’ve really outdone yourself this time! This is my favorite flavor! You remembered!”
•	Attending Physician: Dr Becca Grant
"Just a minute, love," John said with a condescending pat to Sherlock's plump backside with his clean hand.
Today’s delivery person had held his hand out which John just stared out waiting to see if there were more items to be handed over. The man had snatched his hand back, made a disgusted noise, turned around and stomped back the way he’d come, slamming the door behind him. That was different.
“That’s the scariest part!”
‘Sherlock…please…help…,’ John thought and then he was gone.
Examining the bottle, Sherlock said, “You’ve already almost finished this bottle. Are you filling these tumblers to the top now?”
“Fuck! I told you, I scanned it! I don’t remember seeing anything like this at all!”
“He could smell you on me. He knew from my scent that we were Soul Mates. He didn’t take it well.”
Removing his thigh from John’s hip, Sherlock pulled him tightly against their now messy stomachs and kissed him loudly upon his lips then looked at John intently.
“Holmes started it,” said Anderson.
“And about this afternoon…” Lestrade started.
“How can I be yours? We’ve only just met. Not to mention the fact that we’re not Soul Mates.”
It was late, well after midnight; a tall man stood in the shadow of an alleyway keeping lookout while his boss finished the snack he’d picked up on their way to the pub.
“It’s obvious.”
“You should be,” John said in a whisper.
“And do you have any dialogue here?”
“Please,” Sherlock panted.
“Fine. Have you ever heard of Soul Mates?”
Two exhausted and bloody men sat on the floor leaning against the wall. Both smiling. Both content. John stood up, back aching, and walked into the exam room coming back with paper towels dampened with warm water.
"Ooh. That one's particularly enjoyable."
“The hunt, John. The hunt. Of course they can always grab someone off the street but they enjoy the element of seducing their victim. Not to mention the fact that they do have to make a living in this world to be anywhere near comfortable. It wouldn’t do to draw attention to themselves by leaving a swath of dead bodies in their wake.”
“Goodnight, Sherlock.”
“I am!” Sherlock growled.
“Fine. You can keep him but make sure he stays out of trouble. I don’t want to have him…dealt with like the last one.
“Ask something else,” Sherlock said.
“It’s a bit different,” Sherlock said with a smile.
“I don’t.”
Thank you so much for the feast that you sent me today. It fed not only myself but the entire team. We’re all very grateful for your generosity. In case you’re wondering; I put aside a sandwich for lunch tomorrow too. Now that I’ve eaten something during the day, I’m afraid that it’s going to be a hard habit to break
Tea at the coffee shop at 2pm today?
“And what’s that, my girl?”
“So, what? This really is my life now? My freedom is gone and that’s it? I wish I’d never met Sherlock Holmes!”
“Fine. But you owe me,” Becca said, giving Irene Adler’s nipple a pinch before getting out of bed.
“John! Of course it does!”
The doctor didn’t think that John was in any shape to go home right now. He trusted the mother - for the most part but she obviously hadn’t been able to protect John and honestly, the daughter was kind of sketchy and was looking way too pleased with herself.
“It’s ok. I’ll take it slow, go in, lower the table and lay down while you go on that reconnaissance mission,” John said, trying to laugh.
The chauffeur had gotten out of the car and opened the door so that Mycroft and John could enter. The door closed behind them and John turned to Mycroft and asked;
"Well, I thought that you might protest a little longer. This is quite the capitulation, John." Sherlock leaned his forehead against the door and gave a stuttering sigh.
Elizabeth beamed up at Bob, knowing in her heart that with Bob’s acceptance of John Hamish Watson, things were going to be alright.
Setting the syringe down on the tray next to John, Moran turned to leave only stopping when Jim called out to him.
Sherlock’s mobile buzzed again. Looking at it, he read;
“Since when have you cared what people thought?”
It seems like forever since last we saw each other. Dinner?
“Or death.”
“No!” Mrs Watson said.
“It’s Twister,” replied John. “This nutter wanted to play nude Twister now here we are. Get off me!” John said, finally able to shove Sherlock’s surprisingly heavy form off of his own.
“You know that’s all I really want, right?”
“Yes.”
John,
“What are you doing, brother mine?” Mycroft asked seriously.
“Oh, uh. My hands are dirty.”
“It is,” Lestrade said with a sigh. “Sherlock just like to needle people. Don’t you, Sherlock.” Statement. Not a question. Interesting, thought John. Sherlock didn’t deny it. Even more interesting.
“I hope you’re right.”
“Oh there's definitely preparation. It specifies lube for that one.”
"I don't know who this ‘bat man' is but I wish you'd quit bringing him up. We can't fly so the comparison makes absolutely no sense. The man is obviously delusional"
John lay there feeling his heartbeat throbbing in his shoulder. It was a wonder it couldn’t be heard by a passersby. He needed to get up before this Lestrade person came round the same corner and trampled him while he was down…too late.
John, finally catching up and, trying not to laugh, asked, “Problem?”
“John, you know how much I despise repeating myself but I’ll say it again: Is that all? I prefer to, as you say, ‘take it up the arse’ so you’re getting excited over nothing.”
Sebastian wasn’t fooled by that pout for one minute. It was the calm before the storm. When Jim wanted something, he wouldn’t be denied. Still, Moran thought he’d give it one more try.
By some miracle, Sherlock knew better than to complain about this to John - until tonight. Sherlock was apparently in what Molly called, the “wooing stage” of the relationship. How tedious and unnecessary. John was already his Mate and mates lived together.
“Where is it, you arse,” John said rhetorically, giving Sherlock a pat on his bum. His hand met something firm but definitely not Sherlock’s arse.
“Sherlock, anyone who’s met you can suss that one out.”
“Aye. That’ll work, one way or another. Let’s head home. You’ve done good my smart girl.”
“Stop following me,” John said without turning around.
Lestrade sighed. “Why are you back here, Sherlock?”
“But nothing,” John said, placing a hand on Sherlock’s hip and pushing him back against the wall.
“Ok. You’re the last one! Up you go!” John said, still shouting.
“You bastard!” Anderson yelled, holding his injured arm to his side.
“Harriet. Use your mobile and call emergency services.  I think that John’s losing the baby! He’s hemorrhaging!”
“I’m an extremely good judge of character and I never misjudge a person. You’re attracted to me. I’m attracted to you. Plus, we’ve already bypassed the courtship phase. You’ve already had my cock in your mouth and fucked me ruthlessly up the arse. Well?”
“Get Mycroft to send a car?”
John placed the head of his cock against Sherlock’s hole again and began slowly pressing inward until he was completely sheathed in Sherlock’s tight arse.
“Wonderful!” Sherlock said, eyes sparkling with excitement. “Now, watch this!”
“When I lick your nipples, like this?” John said, bending forward and tickled Sherlock’s nipple with the tip of his tongue causing Sherlock to groan.
Staring pointedly at the script, Sherlock said brusquely, “I don’t know. It depends on how this bloody script ends.”
“Yes, but I never get tired of hearing it. Say it.”
Yours,
“Not as much fun being the subject of scientific study, eh?” John said smugly.
“Of course,” John said, gazing down at Sherlock fondly.
“What time do you think you’ll go to bed tonight?” Sherlock asked, not meeting John’s eyes.
“Not too bright, remember?” John said, tapping his temple.
“No,” Sherlock said staring at the ceiling.
“Good. I’m going to run to the admin’s office and steal a few of the pillows off of her couch. Do you think that you’ll need help walking?” Sebastian asked.
“Oh, that’s a good one. My birth certificate would seem to disagree,”
"Would you mind putting those on the kitchen table, Mrs Hudson?" John asked without a pause in fingering Sherlock.
“Are we done here?”
His cock throbbed painfully and his balls ached. John checked the time and was shocked to find that he’d preparing Sherlock for the better part of an hour. John hadn’t been paying attention to anything other than himself and it was at this point that John finally realized that Sherlock hadn’t uttered a sound the entire time. There was some moaning and groaning to do. Time to move this along.
“There’s no risk of your losing then. Is that a yes, John?” Sherlock asked, giving John’s cock another squeeze.
“Please. Please, John. Fuck me up the arse. Be as brutal as you want. I want it. I need it.” Sherlock gasped.
“Well, I think there has to be. We’re bonded but we don’t have to stay together if we don’t want to so I don’t feel forced into a relationship with you, whether I wanted one or not. That was one of my main concerns.” John said, reaching up and watching as a silky curl wrapped around his finger as if trying to pull him closer.
Saturday 1am
“Good. We’re done here. Hopefully Doctor Watson has learned not to frequent street corners looking for…comfort, one assumes.” Sherlock stood up and hurriedly exited the pub.
John pulled back. “What? Violin experiments? I don’t think I heard that quite right.”
“You know I like it rough, don’t you,” Becca said with a throaty sigh.
“What is it?” Sherlock asked.
“Ugh. What is this?” Moriarty asked after taking a deeper drink from John’s IV.
“How could he not know? He tricked me.”
“That wasn’t a challenge. It was a fact.”
“Luck?”
"I'm not sure."
“I’m taking you to bed,” John said, grasping Sherlock’s right hand with his left, “Off you go,” he said following that up with a gentle tug.
“Ok. Well. You know that Moriarty has John. Of course you do! That’s why I’m here. Well, Jim might have sipped a teensy, tiny bit more than he ought to, of John’s blood.” Becca let a little more of the drug flow.
“John. John? John, are you alright?”
“This. THIS is your fetish. Not the rest. Why haven’t you ever mentioned it before?”
— GL”
“I know. I know. I’m not going to let him bleed out. I just wanted to get some clean blood closer to his heart. I mean, honestly, you have no idea how nasty this stuff is. It’s almost enough to put me off drinking Dhamphir blood completely,” Moriarty said with a laugh.
“Well? Is it Mycroft again?”
“No punching? Not my mouth? What’s left?” Sherlock asked, well and truly puzzled.
Yours truly,
“It’s fine,” John said, pushing Sherlock’s head down until it touched the back of the chair.
“It’s fine. Please!’
“Thank you for all of your help, I truly couldn’t have done it without you!” He leaned over, placed a soft kiss on Mrs Hudson’s powdery cheek and followed Sherlock up the stairs; one at a time.
