Tony didn’t know silence could be awkward, and painful at the same time. He kept his eyes trained on his lap, avoiding looking at Steve’s face because he was a coward. He didn’t want to see the disappointment or the disdain or the rejection in Steve’s face when he realized his beautiful Natasha was reincarnated as a man on the wrong side of forty whose emotional baggage has its own emotional baggage.
“I never realized how dopey you would look when you’re in love,” Peter commented.
“The fuck? Did he just put us on hold?” Tony asked indignantly.
“You know, everyone that works here is a suspect.” Phil continued, ignoring Loki’s ridiculous Irish accent, “I’m working with a murderer.”
Tony maintained that the fetus was female, an Omega just knew these things. Plus since before 10 weeks there was no gender assignment yet, he felt it was within his right to decide that the fetus would be female. He and Steve decided to name her Sarah Marie Stark Rogers, after both of their mothers, and made a flower wreath with a metal plaque containing her name and the date she was conceived and the date Tony miscarried. Steve, Tony, Ulysses, Joe and Peter placed the wreath in the river and watched it float alongside the small boat.
It all started when Tony noticed his propensity for getting headaches when he stared at his holographic projections, or any LED screens, for too long. At first he chalked it up to his blood pressure acting up again, or maybe he needed to change the prescription of his reading glasses. But after consulting JARVIS and the A.I told him that his blood pressure was within the normal range and that his glasses prescription was up to date, he started to suspect something else was up.
“Oi! don’t knock on the prosthetics! This thing is a piece of art, okay. It has pneumatic sensors, amazing neural connection that lets me feel the things I touch and makes me look jacked as hell. Check this out.” Bucky flexed his metal arm, willing Steve to feel the smoothness of the metal.
“I didn’t scream! I yelped.” Bruce denied.
True to form, the three of them did beat the hell out of each other decimating the better part of the forests surrounding the Avengers facility upstate.
“Perhaps because the murderer sussed me out as, you know, the type of fellow who’d be smart enough to get rid of it.” In unison, the two knelt down to peer at the gun that Bruce placed back in its initial location at the bottom of the speaker amongst the mess of wires within. “Obviously, he didn’t expect you to be here when I discovered it.”
“Right.” Steve nodded, knowing exactly what Wilson’s brother intended to talk to him about, “Uh, Clint, why don’t you play another song for Tony here? He seemed to enjoy it.” Steve touched Tony’s shoulder as he walked away from the stage, following Wilson’s lead. Tony was oblivious to the situation, wrapped up in the music while Thor followed with intelligent and sharp eyes as his boss walked to the back doors. Knowing that nothing good was going to happen from Wilson leading Steve out through the backdoor, he decided to follow his boss.
Peter gave him one of his
Just as he slipped his jacket on and pocketed the keycard, the front door opened. Steve became alert, body stiffening up in defense at the perceived threat. Then, Tony’s scent hit him and Steve felt his body relax with relief. His elation morphed to dejection when he saw Tony’s slumped shoulder and defeated posture. Tony looked defeated, eyes red rimmed with unshed tears. Steve ached to go to him and hold him close. Even in the beginning when they were at odds with each other, when Tony was at his most powerful encased in a titanium-gold alloy suit, Steve’s protective instinct flared the strongest around him. He didn’t used to feel this way about Peggy, only admiration and awe. With Tony, those feelings were amplified. Admiration, awe, love, affection, and protectiveness. He should have realized it was his body’s way of telling him that he had found his intended mate. The right partner.
“You don’t know that, Bruce. What if-- what if this was the one thing the serum can’t fix? You saw him earlier. He--” Tony gasped, “oh God, please Bruce, I have to get out of here. I have to be with him, please. Even if it’s just at the observation room, I have to be there, please.” Tony pleaded again with his friend, “he’s my life.”
“More than,” Tony stretched languorously, his movement limited by the knot in him. He grinned satisfactorily, thinking he probably looked like a cat that got the whole gallon of cream. Well, judging by how he feel down there, a gallon of cream is probably not that far from the truth.
They were silent for a moment as Tony laid his head on Steve’s shoulder, watching the band set up on their center stage.
Tony took a sip of his coffee and said, “Well, after this nomination, no matter what happens with his presidency next we’ll feel the effects for years.”
“A body was found at your bar.” Detective Carter announced, drawing both Steve and Tony’s attention to her.
Jamie was looking at him with wide eyes, speechless at Peter’s exclamation. “Wait, Joe is-- he said that? Peter, did he say that?”
“You get that from a phone pic?”
Once finished, Clint turned his attention to Ulysses who was blowing spit bubbles over Tony’s shoulder. “Hi, baby boy!” he greeted, “Look at you! Look at those bug eyes!” Clint cooed at him, “Did you have breakfast yet?”
They put Steve and Wilson’s brother in the same interrogation room, at a safe distance from each other, and handcuffed to the bottom of the table. Steve knew Bucky and his partner were watching from behind the two-way mirror of the interrogation room.
“Yes, Your Majesty.” Tony sighed and put away the tablet to start eating. Delicious, as usual.
“Brucie!” Tony greeted, ecstatic that his good friend was finally out of jail, “they let you out.”
“No, Captain. While Master Stark and Agent Barton had a slight disagreement earlier today in the kitchen, nothing seems to be in disrepair.”
Steve surreptitiously tried to catch Tony’s eyes, asking silently with his glance if he missed anything when he was recovering. Tony shook his head, signaling to his mate that he’d tell him about the whole thing later.
Meanwhile, Joe rewrapped The Sixth Sense DVD and placed in the place where Steve would have hidden it as a birthday present. Then he went to the shed and retrieved the newest copy of the Honolulu Star, dated October 13th of last year and placed it on the front porch for Steve to retrieve the next morning. Then, he and Bucky would head to the workshop and took a picture of the mural depicting Brooklyn that Steve had painted earlier in the day and together they repainted the walls white for Steve to paint it again tomorrow.
” Peter sputtered in embarrassment, shooting a glare at Joe who was smirking unapologetically back at him, “she’s no one.” Peter tried in vain to hide the blush that he was pretty sure was creeping up his skin right now. Dang it, why couldn’t he have inherited Babbo’s olive-toned skin considering that the gene carrying that trait would be more dominant compared to Papa’s Irish skin gene?
“Who found the body?” Steve asked.
“Oh come on, Brucie. Anything but that. I guarantee you this movie night will end in disaster.” Tony told him.
“Creepy guy trespassing around our bar during the night? I know what I’d do if I caught him.” Thor put his right hand on his neck and slowly ran his finger down his neck to mimic strangulation.
“Not that I know of. Listen, ‘Tasha, you know the napkin you drew for Rumlow?”
“But I think it’ll be healthy for you, Tones,” Clint interjected, “you haven’t allowed yourself to connect with another human being in a long time.”
“There doesn’t seem to be any problems with your reflexes. I surmised other than some light bruising to your person that can be resolved with ibuprofen, the damage to your pride was greater, yes?”
“Kinda.”
Okay, third time’s the charm. It had to be. That’s what everyone said. But of course nothing in Steve’s life would ever be that easy. Steve must have used up all his luck for surviving the super serum infusion, that was it. Because nobody was this bad at proposing to someone.
Sue seemed to take this in stride, as if it’s not the first time she heard Steve complimented her on her haircut, but made an effort to return the compliment, “Mahalo, Steve.”
“Great!” Tony clapped, then noticing his mistake when he heard a whine from the bassinet. “Oops. Great,” he lowered his voice, “now you’re in charge of making sure he goes to MIT if anything happens to me and Steve.”
“You’re too close to the project. It happens sometimes, the most obvious solutions become unthinkable when emotions are involved.” Tony grinned, thrilled at having the chance to have a conversation.
Anthony was rooted to the spot as he watched the whole battle unfold. It was amazing, it was glorious. He had never seen such a fight before. Steven’s moves were economical, fast-paced and simple, yet each strike of a fist, each blow he landed seemed to exert maximum damage at its intended target. Anthony could see that Cetus was getting overwhelmed by the assault Steven levied upon him. It was only a matter of time before the monster succumbed to its injuries. But before that could happen, Steven decided to end the fight when Cetus misguidedly decided to try and eat Steven again. Anticipating the move, the man grabbed the beast’s broad jaw in both hands, stopping its advances. There was a struggle when the monster tried to escape from Steven’s firm grip of its mouth and Steven managed to kept it in close proximity. Anthony could feel his own pulse thundering in his own ears, anxious and eager to see what happened next, and fervently hoping for Steven’s victory. Steven shifted his hold on the monster, holding it up vertically with each sides of its mouth trapped in Steven’s hands and quick as a lightning strike, tore open the beast from mouth to belly, resulting in its demise.
They nodded, seemingly placated at knowing Tony wasn’t gonna be gone forever.
“I suppose,” Steve nodded. Then he thrust out his hand to shake Tony’s hand, “I’m Steve. Steve Rogers. Nice to meet you.”
“No, no. Although now that you mention it, you do smell like banana,” Steve paused consideringly, “It feels like I’ve smelled this scent on you before.” Steve let up from his position on top of Tony, pulling Tony up with him to sit up. Tony stared at him expectantly and Steve was starting to realize that Tony was hiding something from him.
“Everybody knows Pierce. He’s around the whole time. Alexander Pierce was upset that he didn’t get his facilitator’s fee after he helped Cap and Stark expedite the rezoning process so the bar can have live entertainment.”
At this point, the two particles should be at sufficient speed to fall into each other and fuse into one. “Initiate nuclear fusion, J.”
“Don’t worry, Peter, your secret’s safe with me.” Jamie solemnly promised him, “the apple doesn’t fall far from the trees, does it?”
“Have you thought of a middle name?” Steve asked him.
” then Ulysses started smacking his cheek with his small hands in an effort to make Steve smile. Steve helplessly laughed at his son’s antics, taking the hand repeatedly smacking his face in his own and pressing a kiss on the baby’s palm.
Steven privately thought that Anthony’s father was right when he asserted that his son was more beautiful than the Nereids, but wisely kept that thought to himself. “But you were trying to escape from the chains earlier when I first saw you. I’m guessing you have a plan to kill the monster?”
Steve came to sit down next to Tony, a napkin in his hand to wipe Ulysses’ face, who was sitting up on Clint’s lap bouncing up and down, his happy squeals amusing everyone.
“Remember all those wooden matches around the body?”
The past six months felt like a dream to Steve. Some days, he felt like he was still waking up from the ice and he still expect to hear that fake baseball game over the radio, feeling the dread and hopelessness of his whole situation. But then he would open his eyes and the first thing he would see would be Tony’s face, peaceful and slack in slumber or the abstract painting of the tower Steve had done months ago hanging across from the bed and Steve knew that everything was real. That he really did found his love again, seventy years later, reborn in this wonderful, amazing, smart, handsome and funny man that opened his heart and his home to an old shell-shocked soldier with more issues than Time. He and Tony had settled in their life together without much fanfare. It was as if all these years they’ve made a space for the other in their own lives for the other to occupy it when the time came. And occupy they did.
“You know I wouldn’t say no to that, hot stuff. Definitely not gonna say no if you want to wear the Stealth suit to bed. Especially now that I’ve overhauled your whole catalog. The suits are doing your ass justice. ”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Up yours, Stark. It’s too early for your mothering.” Clint mumbled, not taking his eyes off the television.
“I’d feel it if the energy was bad between the two of us.” Steve lifted up Tony’s hands, kissing the knuckles, “I’d know. The same way that you would know I couldn’t murder someone.”
It was as close to heaven as Steve could hope for.
“No, you get it.”
Honestly, Clint actually found himself suggesting different food pairings to Tony and if Steve was away on a short term mission, accompanying the genius on his jaunts to obscure food carts around the city when the cravings hit. It worked out well for both of them. Clint got to post viral snapchats of a pregnant Tony Stark demolishing a Halal Guys gyro platter and Tony got his gyro platter and an excuse to yell at him without actually going through with the various threats to do bodily harm to Clint’s person. Win-win solution.
“Sure. We can go inside the lobby right? I wanna take pictures of the statue. I heard it’s pretty.” Brianna assented.
Alarm bells started ringing in Tony’s head. Thor not being hungry was a rarity on the scale of a Halley’s comet orbiting around the Earth.
Downstairs, Tony was running like a bat out of hell to the Institute, rushing to get to Steve. When the concierge stopped him to ask what his business here was and whether he has an appointment he could only stammer.
And what else could Steve say about that?
“Ah!” Tony cried out.
Omg you guys. I can't believe this story has been viewed more than 700 times since I first published it. I'm so grateful to everyone who took a chance on this novice writer and took the time to read and comment on the story. I'm eternally grateful <3
------
Tony was speechless. He knew that the prosthetics he created helped people, but to hear it straight from the horse’s mouth, so to speak, that was the last thing he expected. “Thanks, Steve. It’s good to hear that. And anytime your buddy needs a tune up on the ole prosthetic, just let me know. You guys can come by the house.”
“There’s nowhere else I’d rather be.”
“Night. Love you, Stevie.” Bucky said. Once Steve disappeared up the stairs, Bucky and Joe turned to each other and sighed. The real work has just began.
“I know who did it.”
Steve sighed loudly and got off the couch, marching downstairs towards Tony’s workshop.
Tony smirked and turned to the side where his mate was standing by, taking measure of the situation.
“I’m Blossom. Duh! I’m the commander and the leader.” Ulysses stood up on his chair, planting his hands on his hips.
“Well here we are, in this fantastical, floating island just the two of us. You’re the one who intend for us to get to know each other better, to court. So now, ask me questions. Get to know me so I can get to know you.”
“I’m Tony.”
“Yeah, I’m fine. Thank you so much, Spiderman,” the lady said, “I was so afraid of what would happen. He had a knife and I left my pepper spray in my other purse. Thank God for you, Spiderman.”
Foodie!Steve has always been a personal headcanon of mine :p
“I’m sorry I haven’t been around much. Bucky being here...I know it’s not ideal, Tony. But I can’t turn him away when he needed help. Now that he’s better, I could help him find a place to stay somewhere near.”
“Isn’t it?” Tony said again, and Steve just had to kiss that sly smile off his face and let Tony feel how happy and content he made Steve just by being with him and being by his side. Tony continued to make his dreams come true, and there was nothing in this world or the next would ever come between them.
Tony sobbed harder, moaning and crying. He distantly register the man standing up and leaving their booth. Quill then turned to him in bewilderment, “Dude, what the hell? What’s going on?”
“Nah, I don’t think so. What do you think, Steve, honey?” Babbo smirked impishly at Papa, and Papa’s gleaming eyes as he smirked back spelled trouble for Joe.
Steve would be okay. They would still get to have their fearless, stubborn, irreplaceable pack leader.
“You do now, Tony. Two months ago your blood pressure was 135 over 80, but now you’re well over 140/90. We checked your blood pressure when you were admitted and earlier this morning. Both showed the same measurements. We checked the protein content in your urine and we found elevated levels of protein being secreted. All signs point to pre-eclampsia. I’m so sorry, Tony.”
“I can’t believe it.” Steve exclaimed, walking to the stairs, “Bruce Willis was a ghost. This whole time, he was the ghost. I didn’t see it coming. Did you…?”
Tony was silent over the comm, and Steve heard the tell-tale beep that the line between him and Tony had been switched to a private one, “Save the rest for return, J. I’m sorry, Steve. I wish there was another way.”
“What crew?”
) stuck in suspended animation just to find him again. And when you found him, you grab on tight with both hands and never let go no matter what happens. No matter what. And there ain’t nothing on this life or the next that can separate you.
“Oh, I eavesdropped on the cops.”  Jarvis started unscrewing the back of one of the speakers that was set up for the stage. He turned off the speaker last night because of unexpected feedback problems and now he wanted to check whether any of the wires within were loose. “Also, they’re looking for something that was used to muffle the sound of the shot.” Once the back cover was opened, Jarvis moved to prop the piece of board against the wall nearest to the stage. Unknowingly, Jarvis uncovered the murder weapon’s hiding place.
“Masters Ulysses, Joe and Peter awake, Sir. Along with Agent Barton and Master Sergeant Wilson. Everyone is gathered in the kitchen.”
“What do you mean?” Steve moved closer to Tony, trepidation coloring his words.
“Nonsense, Bruce. My appetite, and my whole day for that matter, would be ruined if I don’t get to consume these blueberry toaster strudels first thing in the morning.”
“Congratulations, brother. And good to meet you, Anthony. Welcome to the family.” Natasha, the more calm and placid of the twins, a small smile on her face.
Tony’s eyes snapped open and he looked at her bright green eyes. There was happiness there, but also an understated sadness that came from knowing she would never experience what Tony had. During the course of Tony’s pregnancy, he and Natasha had unexpectedly bonded. While he and Clint bonded over weird cravings and food combinations, he and Natasha shared an affinity for designer clothing. Natasha needed clothes, more than any of them because even though she was an Alpha she was also a woman. And as a woman she was subjected to the double standard that paparazzi and the media placed on a woman no matter what her standing. Every single thing she wore or didn’t wear became a subject of scrutiny.
“Papa,” he gasped out.
“Feel better soon, Buck.” Steve told him, then awkwardly patted his back before leaving the room. On his way back, Thor found him and asked him to take Aurora for the night.
“Pardon?” Peter squeaked, only highlighting just how young he was, “I mean, pardon?" Peter purposefully deepened his voice.
“Oh, wow,” it was Peter’s turn to be speechless. “I mean, Joe’s his own person, the only permission you need to ask is his. But yeah, I really think you can make him happy. Make each other happy.” Peter grinned at him.
“I’m sure there are a lot of vegans out there who would disagree with you and tell you all about it condescendingly and loudly. Enough of this moping, come on,” Tony urged him to his feet, “Let’s go to the upstate facility. The three of us can beat the hell out of each other in the forest, just like we did when we first met. Doesn’t that sound like fun to you?”
“Bucky’s fine. He finally agreed to leave the Hulk cage and stay in one of the guest floors. Tony, come on, something’s wrong, I know you.”
Ellie Shahbaz was having the time of her life.
“What? Did I do something wrong? Is it the baby?” Steve immediately rolled off Tony’s body to the side, hands cradling the precious cargo Tony was carrying in his body.
“Oh. I was about to look for you.”
“Because you people have been ruining something important to me with all of your shenanigans.”
One year later, and he was still here in Hawai’i. At first, Tony didn’t expect to stay for more than two weeks. But after his two weeks were up, he found that he was reluctant to leave. Tony seemed to be agreeing with the island way of life. He fully embraced the “island time”, Kona coffee has become part of his bloodstream and Aloha shirts have slowly intermingled with band shirts in his wardrobe. He decided to relocate permanently to Hawai’i, buying a large seaside mansion in Kahala and moving all his boys and some of his cars to his new home. Pepper and Rhodey seemed to approve of the move, seeming to believe that the island is beneficial to Tony’s health. Happy was completely on board with the move. Nowadays, Tony’s bodyguard could be found lounging on the patio, basking in the Hawai’ian sun.
Steve chuckled, “You’re the one who insists on exclusive breastfeeding for a year, Tony.”
Dr. Rosenberg chuckled at their eagerness, “Well then, congrats Dads. You’re going to have another little boy.”
So Steve went to California with Tony. Tony’s Malibu mansion was a wonder, and frankly, it suited Tony to the tee. It’s as if the architect took every aspect of Tony’s personality and created a building out of it. When Steve imagined how people would live in the future, Tony’s Malibu mansion was what he envisioned. The clean, simplistic style with ample lighting and understated luxury screamed future, technological advancement and progress. In short, it was a beautiful house, an extension of Tony and it was clear that Tony loved the house which only made Steve adored the house even more.
“Right.”
If it was just a clump of cells as science told them it was, then why did the loss hurt so bad?
“No, actually it was my boyfriend. He dated me was because his Dad wanted to use our relationship as blackmail material so Howard will sign a business deal with their company,”
“How is this going to affect the baby, doctor?” Steve asked again, reminding Dr. Rosenberg that he had yet to answer one of his questions.
“Knock yourself out.” Tony grinned, slipping his hands in Steve’s warm grasp. Steve brought Tony’s hands closer to his nose and took a deep breath.
“Oh, thank God, you’re back! We tried calling you so many times!”
“Secondly,” Aaron interrupted, “Lover boy over there is looking back at you. And I gotta tell you, he is looking fine today. The Black Sabbath shirt totally brings out the blue in his eyes.”
“You think the day’s over?” Steve asked him, smiling amusedly.
Their breakfast lasted long into brunch then lunch and all the way to early afternoon, which was when the restaurant kicked them out when they stopped serving dim sum and had to close to prepare for dinner. After that, they went to Coney Island, where Ulysses, Joe and Peter rode the cyclone with Bucky and Clint while Steve steered clear from any roller coasters and opted to play shooting games, winning a huge stuffed rabbit for Tony much to the billionaire’s amusement. The highlight of the day was when Thor played the strongman game and in his excitement hit the mallet so hard, the puck came flying off the tower, crashing onto one of the shooting game stands that cheated Sam out of his money. Sam laughed his ass off, claiming it was karma against the carnie, while Tony good naturedly compensated both vendors in exchange for them not suing the Avengers for destruction of civilian properties.
Steve stared silently at his brother. His face probably looked pathetic right now. “This is what happened. They get into a thing. Goes south. Tony figures that it’s not true love, that Killian only wanted him for your bar.” Steve abruptly stood up, he couldn’t listen to this shit. Not from his own brother, the man he trusted with his life as he spouted lies about his mate.
completely transported him to Dublin, he could picture the places and the characters that Joyce described, he could feel what Bloom felt, and he could understand Molly Bloom’s perspective in the last chapter. It was an enjoyable and intense
Sarah passed away the week before Steve graduated high school. They buried her in a cemetery overlooking the blue Hawai’ian ocean because they wanted her to have something beautiful to look at. Sarah was gone, and she took all the light and joy with her. Joe was ashamed to admit it, but he wasn’t the best father to Steve in the months leading up to Sarah’s death and after she was gone. He was absent minded on the best of days. He stopped going to church because he was angry at the God who dared took his wife away from him, and he went deep inside the bottle for days on end.
Tony stared silently at Steve, taking in his words and accepting that Steve never meant to hurt him with his revelations. “I know, Steve. I know why you did it. And even though I’m angry and upset at you, this is a necessary evil.” Tony took a deep breath, bracing himself for what he would say next, “It will take some time for me to get used to this. I will still help you find Barnes, but don’t expect me to forgive him so easily. Don’t expect me to welcome him with open arms when you do find him and bring him back. I can’t. I can’t forgive him just yet.”
“Well,” Tony cleared his throat, “have a good breakfast, Steve.” he let go of Steve’s hand -Steve’s warm and huge hand- and retreated back to his booth.
Clint’s words seemed to shook Steve out of his stupor, as he vaulted over the couch to Tony and started to hysterically fuss over him. “Tony! Your water just broke! Oh my God, should we go to the hospital? What do we do?!”
“Easier said than done.” he grumbled out. Steve knew he must be wearing what Tony dubbed as his “Constipated Face” on. But he couldn’t help being sullen. Everyone else seemed so ready to forget what happened not even three hours ago. Steve guessed it was easier for them. They didn’t see Tony’s eyes rolling to the back of his head and collapsing in Steve’s arms. They didn’t have to see what it would have looked like had Tony died.
“Thank you.”
“Tony!”
“Captain Rogers is in his studio with Young Master Ulysses.”
“I’ll explain later, and I’ll give you a hundred bucks if you make it fast,” Tony said.
“Life. Fucking life. Always had to mess shit up.” Tony grumbled.
“Very good, Sir. Someone will contact you in the near future with more information on the itinerary. Once again, congratulations, Sir.” then the line cut off. There was a few moments of silence where Tony just sat there on their bed
Well, that was new. Tony had to remember to ask Steve to tell him that story sometime soon.
“No, he didn’t.” Steve denied, shaking his head at the notion of his mate somehow being the murder victim’s accomplice.
“Oh my God, you scared us, you asshole!”
Three days later, they finally let Tony and Ulysses leave the hospital. Thank Hawking, because it was getting boring just sitting around in bed, resorting to tapping away on the tablet or watch terrible daytime TV, in between changing Ulysses’ diapers and breastfeeding him. On the one hand, Steve seemed to be the one enjoying his stay at the hospital. The man was starting to get into General Hospital and the Wendy Williams show, for god’s sakes.
“Speaking of love, when do I get to see your beautiful face? I’ve been missing you, fella,” Steve turned to the armor, voice turning low and husky, “I really want to kiss you, Tony.”
Tony paused at his question, he looked up and down at Steve’s body then steeled himself to answer, “You suffered from third degree burns, Steve. The left side of your body, there’s basically no more skin left. The medical team had to graft new skin to your left side. You’re still healing, baby, that’s why you can’t move your arms and your left eye. We didn’t think you would wake up until after the regeneration process was complete. But of course, you always had to prove us wrong, don’t you?” Tony chuckled and pressed a light kiss to his forehead.
“Don’t worry about it, Jarvis. I’ll bail you out.” Steve assured him. From behind him Tony cleared his throat and started massaging his shoulder, “and of course, you too Bruce.” Steve finished, smiling disarmingly.
Apologies for the choppiness of this chapter, but I hope you enjoy it regardless!
“How did you know that?”
“Steve, I-- I need you to understand that I’m not Natasha. Not fully, at least. I-- ugh, how do I explain this?” Tony rubbed his face, Steve patiently waiting him out as he gathered his thoughts, “I have her memories, everything that happened before. Everything with you. But I-- my feelings are my own. I love you on my own terms. I love you as Tony, but, but also as Natasha. Does that make sense?”
“Where were you really last night? Who were you with?” Sharon asked again, unclipping her gun holster to store her weapon in the designated drawer.
Clint watched from his station behind the bar, in shock as Bruce and Jarvis were both lead out of the bar in handcuffs by Detective Carter. Jarvis looked pleadingly at him, as if beseeching him to bust him out right then and there. Loki walked placidly back to the bar, watching the same thing Clint was witnessing yet seemed unaffected by the whole thing.
Tony punched him in the stomach, though he knew Steve wouldn’t be feeling it, “Like you’re one to talk, Mr. I-only-follow-rules-that-suit-me.”
Or maybe Steve just missed Tony.
Dr. Rosenberg stopped by for house calls frequently too. And after he was sworn to secrecy to not disclose JARVIS’ existence to anyone in his field, he was given access to work with JARVIS to monitor Tony’s health. It was on one such visit that Dr. Rosenberg, with JARVIS’ help, told them the news they had been waiting for.
“Right…”
As soon as Steve was out of earshot, Tony said, “JARVIS, prep the Hulk cage.” If Barnes would be here for an extended amount of time, some contingency plans need to be made.
This was it, then. The end of Tony Stark. Killed by his own weapon. Just desserts.
“I don’t know,” Joe placed his hand on Peter’s heart, relieved to feel the twitching of Peter’s pulse on his fingers, “he’s still breathing,” Joe breathed out. “Oh thank God,” he sighed with relief.
“I need-- I gotta change my pants. They’re all bloody…I’m such a mess...” Tony muttered weakly from his seat on the toilet. His brown eyes looked vacant, and it pained Steve even more to see.
At Tony’s question, Steve broke. The fragile dam holding his emotions together broke open at the obvious pain and distress Tony was feeling. Subconsciously, Steve knew he should be strong one. He’s not helping Tony one iota by breaking down and crying in front of him. Steve shouldn’t be the one crying, he wasn’t the one who had to feel the physical pain of losing a child, to feel that bond breaking away and helpless to do anything about it but to just let it happen. And yet, it was him who was crying. It was him who was sobbing big ugly cries, his chest heaving uncontrollably in front of his mate who was miscarrying their fourth child. A little brother or sister for Ulysses, Joe and Peter, who was gone before their brothers ever knew they existed.
“Thank you, Bruce,” Thor responded readily, “It is my favorite. Your butter chicken is better than even the finest meal I ever had in Asgard.”
“We’ll know soon enough, Tony.” Bruce tried to placate him, but his furrowed brow betrayed his conciliatory tone. He was just as anxious and worried as Tony was. “Nat and Clint didn’t specify what type of injury Steve sustained, but they’ll be here soon enough. The tracker estimates 15 minutes.”
“Alexander Pierce likes to say he works for the Grave Digger,” Sharon elaborated, “Makes him look scary.”
Steve cleaned him up, carried him to bed when he had too much to drink. The kid practically run the whole household in Sarah’s stead. Instead of staying at the UH dorms like the other student athletes, he chose to live off-campus with Joe and make the early morning commutes to Manoa for football practice and classes. Joe, deep in the bottles and on extended leave from the Marines, didn’t notice until on one of his sober days, he went to the kitchen to find Steve cooking breakfast.
Tony let out a sound that was a mix of laughter and a cheer. Another boy! They were having another boy! Steve looked floored, looking at Tony with glee and disbelief, “Tony, another boy…”
“The most definitive cure for pre-eclampsia is to deliver the baby and the placenta, as soon as possible.” Dr. Rosenberg said, “obviously, we can’t do that anytime soon as Tony still have about four months to go. Lowering the blood pressure would be the next best thing, Steve. I’ve prescribed anti-hypertensive meds for Tony to take. He would need to take this for the remainder of the pregnancy and well after that as well.”
“That’s what babies do. They grow and change. In fact, that’s what people do. They change when you weren’t paying attention to them.” What the fuck, Tony. That was not how you were supposed to initiate this discussion.
“It was a really big one,” Tony added. Steve nodded and turn on his engine, “Bye.”
“What do you mean ‘the mass is in English now’ ?” Bucky exclaimed as he stood straight. Natasha was helping him put on a tie. She already warned him once that if he moved, she would strangle him with the tie. And while Bucky would be more than willing to engage in breath play with the spy, he wasn’t willing to test her patience right now. “How am I supposed to know when to respond when the priest said something?”
Here's the epilogue!
As Tony sobbed, Clint awkwardly patted his back in a poor attempt to console his friend. Quill was making up some excuse to their guest. “Sorry, sorry. Our friend’s not feeling well. His, uh, dog just died…”
I'm baaaaccckkk!!!
Along with Clint came Natasha Romanov, who also worked at the Aquarium. Natasha was a red-haired Russian woman, beautiful and took shit from no man. Tony tried to proposition her once, and it ended with Natasha threatening to castrate him and threw him in the shark cage. And Tony only need to be told “No” once.
“Yes. Her head is in the knapsack over there. I have to keep it covered, because even in death her powers remain.” Steve gestured to the knapsack laying on the ground, a distance away from them, thank the Gods. Anthony shot a wary glance at the bag on their ground. Sensing his worries, Steven placed an arm around Anthony’s shoulders to comfort him, “don’t worry, Anthony, nothing’s going to happen to you.”
Tony chuckled, “Yeah, he was real proud of them. He was quite the Captain America fan.” Steve smiled deprecatingly.
Steve clutched tighter at the hand in his grasp, drawing strength from Tony’s presence next to him. Tony was right, he wasn’t a burden. They were a family, a pack. They carry each other’s burden and support each other.
“Oh, it might have something to do with carrying her head around.” Steven explained, “I noticed that none of the gods know where to find her, so she might have some power that afforded her the ability to cloak herself from you. Seeing as her powers remain even in death, it makes sense for that ability to be extended to someone who’s been carrying it. To a lesser extent. But truly, I’m fine. No injuries whatsoever.”
“Okay, I admit I was expecting a bit of a fight and a continuation of our “discussion” about how organized religion was a control system designed to suppress humanities’ ability to be free-thinkers.”
“Not you, too.”
“And how would you know that?” Joe asked him, eyebrow quirked up curiously as he realized what Jamie’s words implied.
“Tony, this is murder. Honey, not everything is just so clear to you.”
A guest seemed to be joining them this morning. Tony came in to the room, carrying baby Ulysses in his arms, followed by a tall and lean African American man Bucky had never seen before, but he could guess it was probably James Rhodes, Stark’s best friend and the other namesake for Ulysses.
“Got it in one, J.”
“I can’t believe you got a boyfriend over my wounded body,” Peter whined at him as they walked to their lockers.
murder someone for me. And that you’d lie to me about it to spare me from the burden of knowing you killed someone.” after all these years and somehow Tony could still render Steve speechless with his insights to Steve’s psyche.
“What do you mean you’re moving out?!” Bucky shouted, unsure of what Steve was saying.
“You’re not, Tony. You almost had a miscarriage. You’re on bedrest for now.”
“Shawarma after.” Steve pressed a light kiss on his forehead and helped him stand up.
When the door opened up to admit Sharon and Bucky in, they sat up straighter. Noticing Bucky’s humorless facade and Sharon’s no-nonsense attitude, they all buckled down for the ride. Sharon sat down across from them, holding a cream colored folder that she opened to reveal a mug shot of the murder victim.
Steve’s answering smile was so soft, and beautiful, “I’m not the same person as I was before the ice either, Tony. I don’t expect you to be the same as Natasha was. There’s forty years of your own life journey that shaped you as the person that you are, and that’s okay. I’m looking forward to us getting to know each other again.”
In turn, Tony confided in Steve how lonely his childhood was, while omitting a few key details such as the fact that his house was more of a mansion in the middle Fifth Avenue, and that his nanny was really a butler. He told Steve that he used to be a defense contractor, but a crisis of faith and conscience led him to rethink his whole life’s work.
It was a child’s dream and something he knew he could never have.
“The prize will be disseminated in Stockholm in December. Would you be able to make the travels?”
“I got a soft spot for him.” Steve explained.
Tony used to think being able to spend all day in bed would be the greatest thing in the world. Turned out, it was the most boring thing in the world. He was mandated to stay in bed and not do anything more strenuous than walk the ten feet journey from his bed to the bathroom. There were some noises from Bruce about hooking Tony up to a catheter, but he immediately and prejudicially vetoed that idea. Being on bedrest was one thing, but being hooked up to a catheter was where Tony drew the line.
“You want me to put peanut butter cups in your eggs?”
“Um, excuse you. How do you not know how sensitive their Irish skins are to sunlight? You’re the one who gave it to them.”
Steve peered into the bottom of the speaker, seeing a gun lodged in there. “Ooh. Oh, no.”
------
They were both silent for awhile trying to process the information Dr. Rosenberg was piling on them.
Being the Avengers fan girls that they were, they immediately rushed to the tower. Once inside they saw the many, many tourists that had the same idea as them. There were a crowd of people in front of the Avengers statue, taking pictures and selfies. The appropriately named Avengers Café was packed too. Brianna and Ellie made a beeline for the statue, waiting for their turn to take a picture. From her position in the line, Ellie observed the statue, noting and observing the beauty and grandeur of said statue. The sculptors did an amazing job on this statue. By making the statue in the fashion of the classical Greek statues, they cemented the Avengers’ status as people who were larger than life, heroes and saviors, more legend than fact. A shiver crawled up Ellie’s spine as she gazed at the statue in amazement. It was so different than seeing it from pictures on the internet. If she wasn’t a fan of the Avengers before this, then she definitely was one now.
“So, uh, where did you say Loki was?” he asked Natasha.
“Let the record show that my client is indicating with his head that he does not recognize the man. Just like all my other clients. Next question.” Fury announced to the detectives who looked like they would rather be anywhere else than interviewing Thor. Nick had to admit that Thor made a pretty impressive sight. The sight of the man with his huge arms crossed in front of him, austere face and piercing blue eyes was enough to intimidate even the bravest of men. The bar’s doorman had let his blond hair down from its usual bun, and he looked like a great big lion staring down an antelope who was about to become his lunch.
“Squat?”
Steve kissed him again, heart bursting with happiness and anticipation. Since the beginning, he wished to have another little boy, one that looked like Tony, a mini-Tony for him to spoil and to love to his heart’s content. This time he might finally have his wish granted.
You know how before you did something inadvisable and dangerous in your youth, it would always start with the words “I’m going to regret this later”, insert self-deprecating laughter here. Nobody actually regretted doing whatever it was that they were about to do, so for the longest time Tony wondered what was the point in saying it in the first place.
Tony started. Is Steve asking him out right now? Oh my God, oh my God, oh my God, what do you do!!
“It’s not everyday one wins a bet that made them someone’s future godparents.” she said, a small smile gracing her lips, “
“That is an excellent question. Yes and no. March and I had a scheduling conflict, but fortunately, the Christmas cover was twins. Anything else?”
“Lighten up, Steve.” Tony told him. Steve was still uneasy even after Tony woke up a few hours ago. “Doc says I can go home tomorrow. They just want me to stay overnight for observations.”
“Please don’t hate me.” Tony whispered faintly, “but I don’t think I can do this.”
Sam groaned as he poured himself gingerly on one of the stools, “Okay, that’s it. I’m never sparring with Natasha again. I didn’t know my body could twist and bend the way she made it do.”
“Not at all,” Jamie hefted his little brother up like he weighed nothing, carrying him in a bridal carry towards the car. The casual show of Jamie’s strength temporarily distracted Joe from the urgency of the situation, namely Peter being wounded, and emphasized just how far he had fallen for Jamie.
Sharon paused in her steps and turned to look closer at Tony Stark. This omega was the one who managed to capture the heart of Steve Rogers, Brooklyn’s favorite son, war hero, recipient of the Medal of Honor and countless other commendations. This heartless Omega who cared more about the profits for his bar than solving the murder of another human being.
Well, everything worked out in the end.
“Ugh. You’re right I think I’ll be holding back my gratitude for now.”
Tony got up from the couch to fetch himself something to drink. All the sugar from the orange juice was making him thirsty. As he walked to the kitchen, he could feel something in him shift. Dismissing it as gas (he’d been having a lot of those lately thanks to Ulysses) he continued his trek to the kitchen when a popping sound stopped him in his tracks followed by what could only be described as a waterfall of amniotic fluid gushing out of his nether regions.
“Just one of my many hidden talents,” Tony shrugged, smiling deprecatingly. He stood up to place Ulysses back in the crib for the night. “Good night, baby boy. I love you.” he whispered to the sleeping infant.
They stood on the helipad where the quinjet was waiting for Steve, Clint and Natasha to board. Ulysses looked sullen and upset once he realized that his Papa was leaving soon. Joe was a little bit more unaffected because he didn’t completely understand what was going on. He fell asleep on Steve’s shoulder on their way up, and Steve transferred him to Tony’s arms after one last kiss to his boy’s forehead.
“Come on, little James.” Bucky said, “you want me to teach you how to play poker?”
The footage was proof positive that Bucky was here in the Tower, just fifty stories below. Why has he come back? Steve wondered. What did he want after a year of no contact, no visuals? Does this mean he remembered everything now?
“Steve! Steve! Steve!” the man started shouting, “Okay, I know this is hard for you to understand right now,” he held his hand out imploring Steve to calm down, “but we’ve actually been seeing each other. We’ve been seeing each other for awhile now.”
Three months into his Pepper-enforced hiatus, he got bored laying low in Malibu. He was itching to go out and to have some form of human interaction but the humans of Los Angeles were insipid, vapid and conceited human beings who cared only for their outer looks. Taking the jet to Las Vegas would also be a no-no since he promised Rhodey that he wouldn’t be spending what amounts to someone’s 401k in one craps table. Also he was still banned from Caesar’s Palace and Bellagio for counting cards at Blackjack.
“Wow. Wow I can’t believe this. I’m a Nobel laureate. Oh my God, Steve, do you know what this means?”
“Good business, like a good bonding, is outwardly boring.” Killian said again, “Sorry.” he shrugged as Clint and Loki, once again, fixed him with a hateful stare.
“Language, babe.” Tony snickered at Steve’s annoyance.
------
“Yeah.”
“Depending on how well Tony responded to treatment, we would need to deliver the baby sooner than the forty week mark. They would be a preterm baby and it is very likely that the baby will be born at a lower weight than normal.” the doctor then continued, “from what we have seen so far, Tony’s condition seems to be a milder case of pre-eclampsia, so it would be too hasty to talk about inducing labor right now. I want you to remain on bedrest for the remainder of this pregnancy, Tony. I also want to have a routine monitoring of the fetal heart rate and you need to take the blood pressure meds for the rest of this pregnancy.”
,” Tony murmured to Joe, and kissed the boy’s forehead, “You too, Papa.” Tony gave him a peck on the lips, “Later.” Tony winked.
“He’s not slowing down,” Thor observed, then the God of Thunder started swinging Mjolnir around, preparing for flight. Before he could, however, the Hulk jumped out of nowhere, snagging Iron Man mid fall and crashed onto a building which the Hulk promptly destroyed by sliding down to the ground. As he reached the ground, the Hulk threw Iron Man on the ground and Steve and Thor ran to him. Impatiently, Steve tore off the helmet, needing to see Tony’s face. Several alarms sounded in his head as he saw the brilliant blue light on Tony’s chest was off. Tony, vivacious, full of life, mischievous Tony, always had the blue light on his chest keeping him alive, keeping the shrapnels away from his heart.
“I see how it is. I guess we’ve run our course then after eighteen years,” despite his words, Steve was smiling. He placed his arms on either side of Tony and leaned down, his face inches away from Tony’s smiling one. The love between them was palpable.
But before JARVIS could answer, he spotted Tony in the Iron Man armor sitting on one of the couches in the living room.
Thor.” Tony complained at Steve as they sat on the bar at Sarah’s.
The cook, a heavy set Hawai’ian man named Nick with tattoo on his face, approached him grinning the whole time. “Hey, you like peanut butter cups?”
Thor chuckled, and Tony congratulated himself on a job well done, “You’re right, Tony. Besides being a vegan doesn’t make sense. Why would you purposefully deprive yourself of the joy that is meat?”
Pepper cried when they told her. She knew Tony better than he knew himself, and as such she always knew that for all Tony’s bluster about not needing anyone in his life, she knew that having a family to call his own was Tony’s deepest wish and desires. She hugged them both, and told Tony that under no circumstance should he be working overtime in the workshop and pointedly looked at Steve to make sure he understood and followed her mandate. Steve, for all that he was an Alpha supersoldier, wasn’t immune to the patented Potts stare down and reassured her that Tony would be keeping a more regular sleeping hour.
The deafening silence from his siblings was so satisfying, he couldn’t help the smug little smile that he could feel was forming on his face. Anthony was looking at him with stars in his eyes at Steven’s proclamation, his acknowledgment of their status. He looked so beautiful, Steven couldn’t help but kiss him, just because.
------
“Ulysses James Stark Rogers, do you renounce Satan?”
On the other line, Bucky was being detained and singled out for questioning because his mechanical arm didn’t pass inspection. Ulysses went after him claiming Uncle Bucky needed representation during questioning as was his constitutionally protected right. Steve got into an argument with another TSA agent who wanted to put his shield in the X-ray machine, Joe trying to futilely explained to his Papa that nothing would happen to the vibranium in the shield when subjected to X-ray. Thor had placed Mjolnir on the inspection table and was daring the other TSA agents to pick the hammer up to see if any of them were worthy, while Bruce looked on in exasperation at his mate’s antics, desperately telling him that he was holding up the line and they need to get out of here now. Clint and Sam passed without any fanfare and was laughing at them from the other side.
Natasha sat down in front of him, pointing at a peculiar mark on the floor plan she drew, “Note the “X” at this office. Traditionally “X” marks the spot.”
------
She and her friend, Brianna Wang, were visiting New York City for their winter break. It was a good way to spend break before heading back to school where a mountain of work awaited them. They had booked tickets to go see the Statue of Liberty long before their trip, only to find out that on the day of their reservation, it would be raining the whole day. So they went to Liberty Island in spite of the rain, took pictures under the gloomy clouds and went around the city afterwards, cold, wet and annoyed.
Hill and Fury were interrogating Barnes, asking him about different intel regarding HYDRA and their involvements in different terrorist organizations around the world. Steve sat there, stone faced, impressive arms folded across his chest as he stared down Maria and Nick. Or maybe he was staring down Barnes, Tony had no clue. They’ve been there for weeks, and at this point Tony was starting to get annoyed. Steve being down there meant he wasn’t sleeping in their bed, which meant Tony didn’t have his body pillow with him, which led to bad quality sleep which led to crankiness during the day. Plus, he had to deal with Ulysses being clingy and more prone to crying than usual  because the baby seemed to sense that something was going on in his house and that his family was on edge.
A lot had happened in the interim. Barnes, slowly but surely, integrated into their family unit. After he and Tony talked under the guise of fitting Barnes with a new prosthetic, now he was one of Ulysses’ uncles and designated babysitter, if he wasn’t out for a mission. Just like with Rhodey, he and Steve asked him if he would be willing to be Ulysses’ godfather. He looked so shocked when they asked him, and roughly muttered out an assent. He immediately left the room after they asked him, but Steve assured him it was because he was happy and overwhelmed and needed time to process it.
“While you seem recovered, Captain, I do suggest you still keep with the agility exercises for your fingers and hands. Since you do a lot of hand-to-hand combat, it’s necessary to make sure that the new epidermis has been properly incorporated by the rest of your limbic system.”
“Everything’s gonna be okay, Tony. Everything’s gonna be okay. We’ll be okay.” Steve reassured Tony, still with a panicked look on his face and still unable to absorb the fact that their child was coming soon.
Everyone thought Thor was joking, beta males as a rule didn’t get pregnant, but apparently being mated to Thor, God of Fertility, was enough to defy biology and lo and behold, Bruce and Thor’s daughter, Aurora Jean Banner-Odinson, Princess of Asgard, was born two years ago. Everyone rejoiced, they finally got their long awaited niece.
“That you’re the smartest, most brilliant man on the face of the Earth.”
“Me too,” Steve smiled softly. His eyes lingering at Tony’s feature. His fingers itch for a piece of paper and some charcoal so he can draw Tony’s likeness and keep it close wherever he went.
“Touche.” Tony answered, noting Natasha came down to the workshop with a fresh cup of coffee and set it down on his table, instead of handing it to him. “What do you want? I’m busy.”
” Peter whispered to him as they waited for first period to start in front of Joe’s locker. Joe didn’t have to look up to know who Peter was talking about. The thundering beats of his own heart that Peter undoubtedly would be able to hear because of his newly enhanced senses betrayed the impassive countenance on Joe’s face and broadcasted just how Peter’s words affected him.
Together, they tag teamed the necessary preparations for the day. First, Bucky got rid of the leftover pineapple upside cake that Steve made. Then, Bucky took the gray shirt and jeans Steve had been wearing today and put it in the washing machine. Then he went outside to the locked freezer and retrieved a pineapple for tomorrow’s birthday cake again. Once those were done, he went upstairs to Steve’s bathroom and refilled the shampoo and body wash to the level it had been this morning.
Tony supposed he was just projecting what he himself had in his relationship with Steve. After all, not everyone could be lucky enough to find someone that fit all their broken edges in such a way that complete them. Being with Steve was second nature to Tony, as easy and as necessary as breathing. Some days, it seemed to him like he was born with a Steve-shaped hole that needed to be filled and his life was only complete when an angry, depressed and stubborn Supersoldier mouthed off at him on the Helicarrier all those years ago. There was never a question that they would ever fall in love. In fact, Tony would bet his entire fortune that there’s not an alternate timeline or reality out there where he didn’t love Steve and Steve him. It just wasn’t possible.
“Is that why you picked up the gun?” Tony turned to Bruce, “in case my fingerprints were on it?”
Tony is anxious for Steve to wake up. He wants to see Steve’s blue eyes again. Glittering brightly in the sun. Those blue eyes that when he first met them was full of pain and anguish, mourning for times lost. These days, those blue eyes can shine with happiness too, full of curiosity and wonder for what this new time has to offer. Tony knows Steve has a notebook where he writes down every single thing he feels he needs to catch up on. Tony himself has added suggestions to that growing list of things and enjoys when Steve calls him up and chats about new things he learns in this new century he was acclimatizing himself with.
“Can we pick up where we left off?”
“I wouldn’t do that, babe. There’s a radiation leak downstairs. JARVIS, tell ‘im!”
Or so he thought.
“Oh, so all this time you’ve known about your youngest brother being a masked vigilante that swings about the streets of New York in tights and just what? Forgot to tell us?” Tony exclaimed, hands flailing and gesturing like the angry Italian parent that he was, “You’re the oldest one. You’re supposed to be the most mature one.” Tony told Ulysses, “Unbelievable! Betrayed! By my own flesh and blood! All of you are grounded until the day you die!” Tony yelled out, “Or until the day I die, whichever comes first!”
“Ah! Steve! Oh baby, that feels so good,” he gasped. Tony’s lips were red and swollen, his eyes taking on that glassy and hazy gaze he would always get when in the throes of arousal. Steve continued stroking his mate, relishing in the thought of bringing pleasure to his Omega. Steve could also feel his cock starting to harden and leak at the sight of his mate clearly enjoying himself. Tony’s moans prompted Steve to move his hands lower to the opening behind Tony’s penis. Steve inserted one finger, relishing in how wet Tony already was. Tony moaned as Steve insert his finger, canting his hips forward in an effort to get Steve to insert his finger deeper into him.
“I never told you. But this isn’t the first time I had a miscarriage.”
“What indeed.” Anthony replied. “I’ve always had the same thoughts, I just never voiced them. They punished my father for committing hubris, but aren’t they also committing hubris by claiming that nobody can be more than them? Nobody can be more beautiful or more intelligent or composed better music than them? Then what would be the point of a human’s life? To continuously submit and worship them? That’s not a way to live.”
If Tony’s heart didn’t stop before, then it certainly was now.
“No.” Tony started to say, then seeming to come to a decision he reiterated, “Yes. Steve, I’m not young anymore. I’m not at an age where I should be getting pregnant. We dodged a bullet with Ulysses. What if-- what if it doesn’t work out?”
“It hasn’t passed the first trimester yet. We were waiting. For the right time.”
“He’s been running around the lobby telling people to kiss him because he’s Irish.” Natasha offered from her perch on the stool, “I had to drag him back upstairs before somebody filed a restraining order against him.”
Steve smiled at the mention of Tony’s mother, “So would mine.” he reached for Tony’s hand and entwined their fingers together, “so we agree? Baptize Ulysses now, and let him decide later on if he wants to be confirmed?”
They only noticed when they got to the lobby and there was a distinct lack of blond haired blue eyed baby and promptly panicked, ran back to the elevator but when they got there the baby was not in the elevator anymore.
“Yes.” Steve reached into the bassinet, gently holding Ulysses in his arms. Tony’s breath hitched at the sight of his mate holding their son. There was something beautiful and gentle in the way Steve hold him. “Everyone, I’d like to introduce your new nephew Ulysses James Stark Rogers. Ulysses, these are your aunt and uncles.” then he gently positioned his arms so the gathered Avengers would be able to see Ulysses’ face for the first time. Tony heard a collective gasp from the group and smiled to himself. Yeah, Ulysses has captured their hearts and souls for the rest of his lives. Tony smirked sleepily, his work as a parent here was done.
“Ugh, I know. I feel so gross. My boots feel like sponges.” Brianna made a face. Together, the two friends walked the one block from Fifth avenue to Park Avenue where Avengers Tower was located. When the famous A came into view, they squealed in excitement and started snapping pictures with their phones. Brianna even whipped out her DSLR camera and took several photos of the tower that still managed to look majestic despite the fog blanketing the New York skyline.
“Are they almost done?” Tony gestured to the operating room below them.
“Mom, Mom, where are you?” a frantic voice sounded from their proximity.
-------
“You got your bar back. You’re open for business tonight.” Pierce continued.
“Ugh, what’s with the ‘Doctor’ thing? I don’t have a medical license.” Tony retorted back. “It’s just Mr. Stark. Who are you and what do you want?”
“Oh, right.”
“.38 right? Matches the murder weapon.” Steve observed as he stood next to Tony who was peering into the speaker, looking at the gun.
“Love you, too.” Tony kissed his palm and nuzzled into it. Steve leaned down to rest his body on top of Tony, taking care not to put his whole weight on top of his mate, wanting to be close to him and revel in the intimacy of the moment. Tony started stroking his hair, calloused fingers gently caressing him and Steve focused on feeling his touch and steady beat of his heart. Steve prayed that there never would come a day when he couldn’t hear the beating of Tony’s heart. His only hope was that when that day dawned upon them, Steve’s heart would stop too so he wouldn’t have to bear living in a world without Tony. He felt Tony pressed a kiss on the top his head, soft and loving, and Steve closed his eyes in contentment.
“How long it’s gonna take for his memories to come back?” Clint asked.
.” Tony obligingly unclasped Joe from the stroller and lift him up so he could be closer to eye level with the Captain America statue.
“Wow, I can never look at this statue in the same way anymore.” Clint added.
“So, who’s the godfather for the little squirt?” Sam’s voice broke through his musings. Tony blearily looked up from his position nestled under Steve’s face.
“Steve…” Tony gasped out, helplessly. He could feel a rising wave of panic and anxiety building up inside of him. “Is he--”
“Head cracking, leg breaking, neck snapping, finger snipping. Things like that.” Pierce continued, “it’s possible they sent this guy.”
“Ah!” Joe’s phone beeped, “found him! He’s in...Queens? What on earth is he doing in a back alley in Queens?” Joe wondered aloud.
It was planned to be a subtle and clandestine mission, hence the use of the stealth suit. And they didn’t expect it to be a long mission. Steve loathed to be away from Tony’s side on any normal day, but when Tony was pregnant with their third child, it felt wrong to be away from him for any reason at all. It was taking all of his will and conviction not to just leave the mission in Maria’s capable hand. Steve knew how important taking care of AIM and their twisted philosophy in scientific research and making sure they never experimented on anyone ever again was to Tony. And he was doing on behalf of his mate. If they had to separate for a little while, that was a price both of them were willing to pay no matter how much it grated on their instincts to stay close together.
Tony pouted so prettily at his amusement and Steve just had to kiss it.
“Steve’s actually living at the Institute now.” Joe answered.
Joe squealed sweetly at his parents, his blue eyes shining with glee and he giggled at his parents eliciting fond and loving smiles from the both. “
“Huh. Interesting. So what do you call Apollo’s twin?”
“It was Apollo. And his priestess told your father to sacrifice you to the sea monster to appease Poseidon.”
“Ugh,” Tony rolled his eyes, “screw off,
“I don’t think that matters to him. I mean, Captain America and the Winter Soldier were like us. They were regular blue collar working guys from Brooklyn. Surely he would have taught his kids better than that. It’d be kind of hypocritical to forget where you came from, right?”
“Very well, Sir.”
A couple of minutes passed before JARVIS once more announced, “Approaching Coulomb barrier energy.” Tony held his breath, he didn’t realize he was holding it until JARVIS informed him once again that, “The Coulomb barriers have been surpassed.”
“I checked to make sure Tony has locked up the safe, and I wonder, did somebody taped the door after I checked it? Cause this guy got in somehow.” Thor threw his cigarette away.
“Love you too,” Tony replied. He seemed more relaxed now. Steve was glad to see his previous trepidations and hesitation replaced by acceptance and happiness. “So since you’re psyched that you’re gonna be a dad again, you’re not gonna be too mad if I told you I lost a bet with Clint which makes him and Nat the baby’s godparents, will you?”
I feel it works better this way, no?
“Oh my God, I won’t be able to see him everyday.” Tony moaned, “How the fuck did this happen? Why did I tell him it’s okay to apply to school out of state?”
“When Thor does his sweep, he never checks the Lost and Found,” Clint announced as he led them to the coat closet that also doubled as the Lost and Found counter of the bar.
JR: might maul you tho
They had won. Saved the day and all that jazz. But what was most important to Steve as he walked towards Stark Tower that day was the person walking hand in hand next to him. Tony was here, still here with Steve against all odds. They’d found each other again, as unlikely as it was, but here they were: two souls finding their counterparts in each other, two halves of a whole. And this time, Steve wouldn’t let go.
bar.  “It’s hard to believe that someone was just murdered over there.”
“I can certainly see that.” Tony nodded his assent. Steve still look puzzled until Tony told JARVIS to bring up the 411 on the Powerpuff Girls. Steve studied the cartoon for awhile before asking Ulysses, “So which are you then, Uly?”
“So I just want to say that just because James Barnes and I went on a couple of dates that are clearly not going anywhere, though he refused to admit nor accept it, does not mean I have to go to jail.” she finished, leaving Nick and Sharon floored at the new revelation. They turned to look at Barnes who was standing at the corner rubbing his forehead in annoyance.
JW: where did you go
The man and his kids turned to him with a startled look on their faces, seeming to need a moment to grasp what Tony just said.
“He said he had a headache.” Peter added, much to Steve’s consternation. Seriously, Tony?
“I live vicariously through you! Come on, my life sucks. This way when you have fun, I can pretend that it’s me giving it to them and I can get through one more week of working in this hell-hole. No offense, Candice.” he said, addressing the pregnant walrus waiting patiently for her ultrasound.
“Seriously, who are you?!” Anthony shrieked in Steven’s ears. It wasn’t everyday that one encountered a handsome man who rescued them from the gaping jaws of doom.
“That sounds good, Babbo. Looking forward to it.” Peter nestled further in bed, eyes slipping closed at the gentle ministration of his father’s hand on his hair.
“Steve, it’s nice to meet you too.”
“Trump’s getting ready to pick a new Supreme Court justice since the previous one’s retiring. They just published a short-list of nominees”. Clint answered.
“There’s a bloodstain on the bathroom wall.” Bruce announced as he walked up to Jarvis.
“Well no,” Steve sat down on his work desk, facing him, “I was expecting more resistance from you. This easy agreement is throwing me off, is all.” he said, “Tony, I don’t want you to just agree to go along with it. Ulysses’ upbringing will be our responsibility. Not just mine, but also yours. We get to decide how we want to raise him. I want him to know and have some knowledge of what the Church teaches and to also know science and how it explains how the world works. I don’t think they’re contradictory to each other, rather they complement them. If he could have a well-rounded view and knowledge the world like that, it would greatly benefit him.”
“Tony! Goddamnit!” Steve yelled after him as Tony vanished from view. “Any of you know how to fly one of those planes?”
“Come off it, Tony. You know what you’re doing.”
Steve was about to devour his first slice of the tomato pie when he noticed Tony not making any move to add food to his own plate. “Tony? Is something wrong?” his mate was covering his mouth with a hand, looking a little green. He looked like he was about to throw up.
“I don’t even know what this is supposed to be. What the hell is this?”
...Or at least until Christmas next year when Steve came back from a mission in South America to a giant stuffed rabbit dressed as Captain America, complete with a pin around its neck proclaiming “Merry Christmas Steve” on the front lawn of the Malibu mansion.
“T’ny…” he rasped out, “wha’s goin’ on…” why can’t he talk? His throat hurt like a thousand needles were piercing it at the same time.
Tony shrugged, “Out of Investigation Discovery then. Point is it’s not something that I ever thought would happen to me in a million years, and I build my reputation on being a futurist.”
But anyway, new chapter!
Tony shot him a look, “I’m gonna ignore that, sourpuss. My kid just talked at nine months. He’s leaps and bounds over other babies!”
Tony exhaled heavily, slumping back in his chair. Steve walked up to him and gently placed his hands on either side of Tony’s face, tilting that beloved face back up at him. Tony looked exhausted, there were dark circles under his eyes that belied the fact that he hadn’t slept in seventy two hours. Steve’s heart clenched at the sight of his beloved clearly suffering and mentally he berated himself for not noticing sooner. Tony placed his own hands on top of Steve’s, gripping them desperately as if he was afraid Steve would leave at the first sign of trouble.
That’s the whole bottom line. That’s what the name Stark is all about.” Obie paused to underscore his points, “Tony, your father was a visionary, just like you. And he was a patriot. He knew that this company’s existence was crucial for the continued protection and existence of our country. And for the employees that depended on this company’s success to make a living. Making weapons is our Occam’s razor, Tony.”
Which was when Natasha walked into the lobby with baby Aurora in her arms, looking none the worse for the wear, much to the relief of her parents and uncles were in.
In the midst of all the clusterfuck that was today, Tony totally forgot that Steve had greenlighted Clint and his band of well-meaning idiots to audition to be the live entertainment for the band. So it was with great reluctance that he accompanied Steve as part of the audience. All he wanted was to go home or lay down in his office, but here he was being one half of the united front with his mate.
Tony squeezed his hand gently, his eyes gazing at Steve’s soft and understanding. “Technically, I
Until finally he reached the art room where Steve and his students were all gathered. And there he was, Tony thought, his Steve. Standing in the middle of the room in a blue shirt that accentuated his body perfectly. He looked confused by Tony’s appearance, his brow furrowed in that way that it always did whenever he encountered something he couldn’t figure out.
The pain was so great that Tony had to sit down on the floor just to pull himself together. Soon, he started to feel the dreaded sensation he hoped would never come: a trickle of wet tendrils in his inner thighs and Tony knew what had happened.
So they haven’t been alone for the past two months, which made having sex difficult. And a pregnant Tony has always been a horny Tony. Well, hornier than usual.
“They love us. Especially you. You're who they want to be when they grow up.” Tony stated.
“I agree, Dad. Here, open your present.”
Tony was futilely holding back tears as he listened to Steve’s speech. There was only one answer he would be giving but the emotions welling up inside was making it hard to speak. He just squeezed Steve’s hand in response.
Steve and Tony were optimistic that they would make it to 20 weeks. Then they’d tell the rest of the family then six months later celebrate the birth of their new niece/nephew.
Anthony scoffed,“Oh please, I’m a prodigy. I’m not going to be dumb enough to let someone like you go.” His words brought a flush to Steven’s cheeks. He was unprepared to hear how well Anthony’s opinion of him was, “Is this your way of saying that you’re not interested? Just tell me, Steven. I wouldn’t be upset. Much.” Anthony crossed his arms in front of his chest, looking for all the world like an upset, petulant child. Steven just wanted to cuddle up with him and tell him jokes and funny stories until he smiled and laughed again.
Because you found each other against all odds. And you will stay together through it all.
“Well,” Tony drawled, grinning impishly, “isn’t that the sixty four million dollar question?”
Steve stopped short at that. Was that what Tony thought all this time? Steve naively thought that they were going to relax, get to spend some time together and hopefully Steve could pop the question and they could renew their vows.
“Hey guys,” Joe greeted them, and four pairs of eyes snapped up to meet his own, “did I miss something? Have we been transported to a parallel universe where nerdiness and geekdom are the cool thing to be?”
“Ouch.” Natasha seemed taken aback.
Tony face palmed, “Steve’s gonna have your hide for this.”
” Tony challenged.
“That’s mostly true.”
Steve smiled in response and pressed their foreheads close and tangling their fingers together. Their mating ring clinked softly together, a reminder of their vows to each other, “We stay happy, Tony. We stay together and be happy.”
Tony started to answer, before Steve amended the question, “Scratch that. JARVIS, when was the last time Tony slept?”
Cornered, Steven had no choice but to tell Anthony the truth. His mother had always said that the base of a long lasting marriage or any relationship was open communication. And open communication was what Steven would give to Anthony. “You’re right, Anthony, I’m not the son of a mere fisherman. Like you said, the shield, the boots, the helmet and my own strength would not be things a mere mortal would have. The truth is...I am a son of Zeus.” Steven exhaled out his explanation, watching Anthony’s face intently for his reaction.
It was also the first time he had the visions.
“It’s Stacy,”
“Is this because I used to drink? It is, isn’t it? My unborn child is being punished for the things I did when I was young.” Tony asked, his tone hysterical.
Tony found his way to Steve’s side where he stood by the stove cooking up another batch of pancakes for his family. “Morning, handsome.” he tilted his face up for a kiss which Steve obligingly gave to him.
There was a resounding silence from the room. Everyone was staring blankly at her, including Steve, who apparently had no plans past asking Tony to renew his vows with him.
“Also, how did you get the keys to this place? I’ve been wondering about that, actually.” Bruce said.
“Yeah, alright.” Ulysses grumbled. Maybe being away at school was for the best.
And sitting there on the floor with his mate and his three children, his family cooing at their newest addition, the sounds of people chatting among themselves, taking pictures and videos of them, the siren of the ambulance they called what seemed like years ago approaching the Tower, Steve was complete.
“Oh, boy.” Tony understood now, while Steve looked on in confusion. “What- what’s happening?”
“Steve, I didn’t know you ordered food. But I think we’d need more. Let me just call up room service for more. What do you want, Big Guy? The usual everything on the menu?”
That was a bit not good.
That's it, folks!
“Oh honey, I have a seventeen year old son and you don’t sound a day over fifteen,” Nice Blond Lady smiled indulgently at Peter, “I understand you have a secret identity to keep, so I won’t say anything.” she winked.
Steve sighed longsufferingly looking very put upon, but the small smile that formed on his face betrayed his affections for Tony. He reached in his jacket pocket and felt for the box that was supposed to be in there.
The floating island of Delos was the way the name implied. It floated above the sea, hidden amongst the clouds, free and unanchored from the confines of earth. Mythologically, it was the birthplace of Artemis and Apollo, chosen so because Hera, in her jealousy of Leto’s pregnancy by Zeus, tricked the lands of Greece to shun her, so she was unable to give birth in any island in Greece. Then Leto found the floating island of Delos, unanchored and unmoored from the ocean, thus not considered land, and was able to stay and gave birth to the twin Gods there. For this reason, the island of Delos has always been a sacred place for Apollo and Artemis in addition to Apollo’s temple in Delphi. Anthony didn’t think Delos actually existed, mind you. But after meeting Steven and Groot, he was prepared to change his whole perception on almost anything he thought about the Gods.
“In the workshop, Captain.”
Better Man
“A man was just murdered in the bathroom of your bar, and the only thing you cared about is when you can reopen for business, again.” Sharon squinted her eyes, unwilling to believe an omega, a species whose base instinct was to nurture, could be so callous.
Steve cleared his throat, “Jim? Did you hear what Tony said?”
“I’m sorry that this is all I could do for you. You deserve a better Christmas celebration. Better than flat champagne and some smoked fish from the SSR mess hall.” Steve muttered despondently. He felt Natasha touched her hand, taking the champagne glass out of his hand and placing it on the table next to him.
“That’s a grand idea, Clint!” Thor exclaimed, “An Asgardian funeral to escort my dearly departed niece or nephew to the halls of Valhalla!”
“I guess you’re right. Things have been tense between us, lately. Maybe a reunion will help put things to right. Thank you, Steve.” Thor acknowledged, though the tone of his voice and the small troubled smile still on his face signaled his reservations.
“Right. You know, tell HYDRA that unless they’re willing to kill me, it’s over.” Steve declared, “And one more thing, anything happens to my mate, it’s you I’m coming after.”
Oh...That would ruin the honeymoon.
“Proof enough for ya?” he asked cheekily, letting a little bit of Brooklyn slipped into his words.
Steve Rogers turned around from his position sprawled face down on their bed towards the source of the sound waking him. It was early, but not as early as he’d usually get up when he heard the tell tale sounds of Tony coming home. He felt Tony’s side of the bed dipped signaling another occupant in the bed and turned towards his mate.
Sustainable and renewable energy source was what the planet needed right now. Fossil fuels and coal could only go so far, and with reserves depleted developing a new source of energy was of the utmost importance. While Tony managed to miniaturized the arc reactor and made a functional prototype that powered the Stark Tower back in New York, this current prototype was only viable for 5 years and at the moment was not cost-effective enough for the investors to go gaga over it. His new project then would also include increasing the reactor’s efficiency and hopefully drive down its costs to make it a more attractive investment and not just a cool science project, as Pepper would say.
“I was taken aback. They found him in the men’s room.” Bruce answered. Steve and Tony exchanged a look. There was a dead body at their place, though thankfully it wasn’t one of their employees.
Wahine: Lady, woman
“You’re painting a picture. And you’re doing an excellent job.” Steve smiled encouragingly.
“Yeah, I know who you are,” Steve interrupted, “You’re my brother’s partner.” Bucky was standing behind Detective Carter in his suit jacket, tie askew and collar unkempt. He looked like he hadn’t shaved in days. “She prefers the term “Boss”.” he interjected at Steve, a cheeky grin at his face. He’s probably amused by Steve’s attire this morning. At least someone’s entertained.
“My office.” Tony answered warily. He recognized where this line of questioning was going.
“It was given to me anonymously by someone who drew it for Rumlow last night.”
“How could we be ruining something we didn’t even know existed?” Ulysses piped in.
“Gotcha. Yeah, right.” Loki’s eyes lit up in amusement. It seemed the employees of this place knew one of their own were probably responsible for this man’s murder and were trying to cover it up. How interesting. Loki couldn’t wait to see how this unfolds. “None of us did. Very good. Murder most foul.” he concluded, winking at Coulson. The bartender placidly retrieve his phone back from Loki, wondering what he just got himself into.
“A promise is a promise, Steven.”
“How long…” Steve trailed off, certain Tony knew what he was asking.
“What…” Papa looked like he was about to cry.
A moment passed where they stay silent. Finally Tony broke the silence as he said, “Remember that gala we went to two weeks ago, where we left in the middle because I saw the guy from freshman year?”
They all ended up sleeping in the master bedroom, curled up around each other just the way they used to when the boys were still young and prone to nightmares. It was the best sleep Steve had had in years.
“Was he married?” Steve asked again.
“Oh nonsense, Captain.” The Father waved him off, “better late than never, right?”
Groot neighed again and looked at Anthony. His intelligent brown eyes zeroed in on Anthony, standing there next to Steven still holding his hand, and seemed to be studying him. Today was Anthony experienced a lot of firsts in his life, not the least of which being studied and judged by a flying winged horse. Rhodey would never believe him if he ever told him what happened to him on this day. Groot finally deemed Anthony suitable enough to accompany him and Steven, apparently, for he snorted from his nose and lowered his massive wings to the ground to let them mount him.
Steve’s fears were proven unfounded when he saw both Bruce and Maria waiting for them at the front of the bar. Maria was still in her chefs uniform, sitting on one of the bar stools, a frown lodged firmly on her face. Bruce was nervously wringing his hands together, looking uncomfortable and ready to be anywhere but here. Bruce looked relieved when they saw them walked in though, and greeted them hastily.
“Is that him?” Clint eagerly asked, peering into the bassinet and taking in Ulysses’ sleeping form.
“Okay, help me understand why we’re naming our kid after a novel?” Tony asked again, guiding them to sit on the couch on the far end of the workshop.
“Yay!” Ulysses cheered, and moved to give a sloppy smooch on Steve’s lips, “Love you, Papa!” then ran over to where his Aunty Natasha and Uncle Clint were waiting.
Pierce looked up to him, “the police is the least of your worries. Make the payment.”
Anthony’s words rattled around in Steven’s brains. Steven stared blankly at the prince in his arms, fitting so snugly and perfectly there, with Anthony’s arms around his neck and Steven could see flecks of gold in Anthony’s eyes. If anyone was to have the son of God moniker, it should have been Anthony. Steven had never seen someone so brave and reckless, willing to face a monster yet armed only with a small knife; so generous and kind hearted that he willingly sacrifice himself for the sake of his people; and so beautiful, unlike anybody Steven had ever seen before.
Clint just looked blankly at him. One of his eyebrows quirked up, questioning Tony’s assertion and making him doubt himself. Tony hated how well-versed he was becoming in interpreting Clint’s eyebrow movements.
(See the end of the chapter for
They were silent for awhile, Tony eating his lunch while simultaneously directing JARVIS to work on calibrating the device that he now has a name for. Binarily Augmented Retro-framing device or B.A.R.F.  The acronym probably needed more work, but he was inspired after Ulysses threw up on him one day, so it’s staying. Natasha toppled down another tower block much to Ulysses’ amusement.
Tony blamed Clint for this. First was Guitar Hero, now this. By now, The Avengers were basically just a bunch of overgrown teenage boys. And one badass girl who ruled over them all. These are the people tasked with protecting Earth from alien invasions. How reassuring. “This is very upsetting, you guys!”
“I know, honey. I’m sad too, but Ulysses has to grow up and leave us someday. That’s just the way it is. Children grow up eventually.”
“Are you serious? That thing was damn expensive.” Steve complained cheekily. Tony gave him a look indicating his disapproval at Steve’s priority, “They figured you slammed Rumlow’s head against the wall then I shot him using the coat as a silencer.” Tony took out a new set of dress shirt and slacks from the walk-in closet to change.
“Well, what am I supposed to do?” Steve helplessly pointed at his still very much impressive erection. “I can’t exactly hide them.”
At least, Steve thought ruefully, he could still stand the sight of my face. He heard that when one of his neighbours back in the day was pregnant, the omega couldn’t stand the sight of her Alpha and he had to move back in with parents for the duration of the pregnancy. Which was all sorts of ridiculous.
“That’s just unfortunate of her,” Tony said, “it’s her loss, then, because we’re a group of kickass people, not to mention fly as hell. We’re what people these days called ‘family goals’, amirite?” Tony continued, “‘sides, you don’t wanna be stuck dating a vegan anyway. It’s depressing as hell.”
“Get it.” Tony mumbled from his position on Steve’s chest, nestling further to chase after the comforting scent of his mate.
“I--yes, thank you,” Joe started to dig in to his food, Jamie following suit. Around them the amicable sounds of Peter, Ned and Aaron chatting filled the air around them. Joe could almost believe that this was a regular occurence and not an anomaly. “So what brings you here? I mean, why the sudden change in lunch tables, I thought you have a standing reservation at the jock’s table with the football players and the cheerleaders.”
“Good morning,” Steve greeted him, smiling at the man in his arms.
Peter scrunched up his nose in disbelief at Joe’s exaggeration, “
“And then he threatens Tony. He sends this guy Rumlow on the job. But you don’t see it, because you don’t use your head. You think everything that you feel is true and that the world works the way you wanted it to.”
“Oh, you mean I haven’t?” Tony challenged snarkily.
They all went inside to check in and get settled in their rooms then went out for lunch at a local place where food trucks seemed to congregate, serving a variety of dishes from Thai food to poke. For all their celebrity status and the fact they were all used to eating fine dining from going to various charity galas and dinners, they still preferred eating street food any day of the week. With the combined appetites of Steve, Thor, Bucky and Ulysses, they ended up spending most of the afternoon at the food court, eating some trucks out of business, much to the vendor’s delight. Before leaving they graciously posed for pictures with the other customers and the food truck vendors who were more than happy to have an anecdote about that time the Avengers stopped by and ate their food.
“What are they doing now?” Tony asked as Bruce wheeled him into the room. Everyone’s head whipped around at the sound of his voice and started throwing out questions at him.
Tony, seeming to notice that he was still brandishing a used pregnancy test stick, immediately hid it behind his back. “No. It’s a-- a stick. Something new I’m working on.”
“And the gangbangers make him. They kill him to make a statement.”
“No you’re not. I’m your PA, I know your schedule better than you. You’ve finished the latest prototype of the arc reactor and the new updates for the StarkPhone OS just came online. You’re hiding down here,” Nat answered.
“Seriously, TMI!”
“Don’t go, okay, Steve? Please, don’t go.” Tony muttered to his chest, he sounded so small and unsure of himself. It pained Steve to see him in such obvious distress.
“Kaho’olawe at the Concierge’s desk gave me the keys. It’s his family’s church.” Steve answered curtly.
JW: babe what happened?
Pierce continued as if Steve hadn’t interrupted him, “Maybe if you had remembered to reimburse the people who went out of their way to get you that zoning change--”
“This place had the power before you got here. It’ll have it after you’re gone.” Falcon insisted. “All I want is my piece of the legacy, okay?” he chuckled then started performing a complicated and fancy dance move.
Steven chuckled in response and hugged him tighter, “But still, in a roundabout way Clint brought you to my life. If he didn’t heal my sickness as a child, I would be dead. And if he didn’t direct his priestess and your father to sacrifice you, I might have never met you.”
“We have a lot to talk about, don’t we?” Anthony conceded. Steven didn’t say ‘no’, just ‘not yet’, and Anthony was nothing if not persuasive. And getting to know each other sounded like something fun.
“What? Powerpuff Girls?” Tony laughed at his son’s assertion, “how did you know about the Powerpuff girls, baby?”
writing this chapter killed me
“Yeah, do you feel that?” Sam Wilson, aka DJ Falcon, walked up to the stage at the center of Sarah’s, clad in a white tuxedo and sunglasses. Trailing behind him were Tony and Nick Fury. Steve and Thor, who were already on the stage, discussing logistics and issues that occur from the brief closure of their bar was pulled out of their conversation by the arrival of the newcomer.
“What are we watching?” Tony asked. He had a jar of pickles and a tub of Miracle Whip with him. His cravings have started.
“Hey Boss, how are you doing?”
“Well…” Steven and Anthony looked at each other, neither really thought about when to actually cement their relationship. “How about now?” Steven directed his words to Anthony. The bright smile on his prince’s face told him all he needed to know about Anthony’s answers.
“On it.”
“Stalker!”
“What are we gonna tell the boys?”
“That explains why Tony didn’t hear a gunshot.” Steve reasoned.
“Legally, if it’s with my stuff, can I just claim it as my own and toss it in a volcano?” Jarvis asked him.
Peter had just finished patrolling the neighborhood, rushing back home by swinging from the skyscrapers that littered the island of Manhattan, because he, Uly and Joe were going to go out for a Mets game soon. He made it to Park Avenue where Avengers Tower was located and started scaling up the building to the penthouse where his room was located. Locating the hinge he made outside for easy sneaking in and out, Peter dropped down from the ceiling in his Spiderman costume and stripped his cowl off, intending to change before his brothers could come and fetch him for the game.
.” Steve said, looking down at Tony’s flat stomach but one that would soon grow and swell with their child, “a little baby boy, huh?”
He couldn’t very well explain to his parents and his family that he has this tingling sensation in the back of his head that signaled something bad was happening. That would invite too many questions Peter had no answers to. And he thought he’d try to figure out what was it that was going on first before bringing in the big guns.
“You were great, Shellhead, so great,” Steve complemented, voice low and reverent as he pressed a soft kiss to Tony’s hair.
Steve carried Tony carefully up to their room after Tony told him that the cramps have let up. Tony curled in towards Steve’s body, squeezing him tightly and the slight hitchings of his breath told Steve that his mate was holding back his tears. Tony was in pain, both physically and emotionally. Steve couldn’t even begin to imagine how heartbroken Tony was at this moment. If Steve was reeling from this loss, then Tony’s grief must be a thousand times more devastating than his. Tony was the one who had to feel his own body rejecting their baby. No, it wasn’t a baby. It was a zygote, a fertilized egg with no ability to perceive pain. It hasn’t reached viability.
---” until there was silence from the other end.
Love stinks.
“Should I mark them down as stupid or uncooperative?” Sharon asked to Nick.
“Not gonna blow up anything too big,” Tony teased.
“Hi, sweetheart. Good to see you up and moving. Are you feeling better today?” Papa enveloped him in a hug which Peter readily returned, resting his head on Papa’s chest. He had missed his Papa while he was away, though it was only for a few days. Another peculiar thing happened as he hugged Papa. It was no secret that when they were little, the boys loved to hear the sound of their parents’ heart beats. Often times they would fall asleep to its soothing rhythm. As far as Peter knew, he was the only one of his siblings who would still sought out Papa or Babbo’s heart beats, Joe and Ulysses have both grown out of it. But today, the soothing beats of Papa’s heart morphed into a thunderous one, one that Peter could hear miles away, even without laying his head down on Papa’s chest and Peter flinched away from the hug as the loud sound assaulted his suddenly sensitive eardrums.
“We can call it whatever you want as long as you come back down here and give me some more of that to wake me up.”
As expected Rhodey folded like a wet paper bag. “The honor is mine, Captain. Tony.” he nodded at Tony, grinning like a loon.
IM2 coming up next!
Ulysses excitement was infectious as it prompted Joe to squeal and laugh too, banging his hand repeatedly on the counter top and spraying liquid baby biscuit everywhere.
Bruce took the pregnancy news in stride. Tony tried to make him his primary obstetrician, which was promptly shot down by both Bruce himself and Steve. Really, who would be better equipped than Bruce to handle a superhuman pregnancy? The man has superserum running through his veins too. Granted, it was the fucked up form of superserum that turned him to a green rage monster, but still. The point Tony tried to make was that Bruce would be more than capable of being an OBGYN. But he kept insisting that he still wasn’t that kind of doctor and that Tony should go to an actual OBGYN for his monthly checkups.
“Twitterpated? Really, Babbo?”
“Aldrich Killian?” Bucky asked, confirming he got the correct person from Bruce.
And that was all it took to start them talking about each other's’ lives. Anthony told him everything about his childhood. How his talents for the sciences and his love for engineering and inventing brought him so much joy and how he saw it as a way to finally help his people, to make their lives better. How his father, once considered the brightest minds in the sciences and technology, saw that Anthony’s talents surpassed his and what was once a normal relationship between father and son turned into one filled with jealousy and hatred with Howard resenting his only son for being able to improve his old inventions and fixed Howard’s failed ideas to the point of realization. Anthony also told Steven about how Howard and his closest advisor Obadiah only ever wanted him to focus on weapons, on strengthening the country’s economy by making better weapons to sell to neighboring countries, under the guise of helping keep the peace in the Grecian peninsula. Over the years, Anthony grew weary and disillusioned with his role in the war mongering efforts of his father and advisor. He started to ask his father and Obadiah if he could work on other things for the people, on improving sanitation in the cities, improving the irrigation system for the farmers but they told him to stay in his lane. To keep filling the treasury’s coffers and the noble families’ coffers by making better weapons to sell to their neighbors.
They reached the steps of one of the temples located in the island and sat down on it side by side. The sun shone brightly over them and there was a gentle wind blowing through the island carrying the scents of hyacinth flowers from the flower fields. From their position on the island, they could see the sunlight creating a rainbow that surrounded the waterfall. Groot was happily sleeping beneath the shade of a giant tree, it was as close to heaven as one could get. Anthony laid back on the stairs, feeling the warmth of the sun in his face and enjoying Steven’s presence by his side.
After Ulysses was finally held in Natasha’s arms, busily being cooed at by his uncles and aunt, Steve sat back down at Tony’s bedside, pulling Tony closer to him so he could lean his body on Steve’s. Tony slotted his face in the crook of Steve’s neck, closing his eyes and breathing in the scent of contentment and happiness from his mate.
The words spilled out of Tony’s mouth. It felt like he was the one saying it, but the voice he heard was not his own. It was a woman’s voice.
“Yup,” Peter climbed onto one of the stools and pulled an empty bowl towards himself and started pouring cereal and milk into it. Peter glanced at one of Joe’s holographs and saw that his big brother made a mistake in his calculations, “
“Yeah, that’s what usually happens in prison, Brucie.” Tony smiled slightly at Bruce’s words. The man seemed to take no issue that he went to prison, but was more concerned about his missing shoes, “we’ll buy more for you.”
Hawai’i was not Tony’s first choice for recuperation. After the accident and open heart surgery to fix his heart defect and install a new pacemaker (which he designed himself, thanks very much doubting SI board members), the crisis of conscience and faith that lead to shutting down the weapons manufacturing division of SI, combating the injunction Obie filed against him and gaining back his share of the controlling interests, his well was tapped out. Pepper persuaded him to take a couple of weeks off and relaxed somewhere far away from the hustle and bustle of New York City.
“Steve, what was your father like?” he whispered his question to Steve. They laid in bed together, Tony on his side facing Steve with Steve’s arms around him as he gently rubbed Tony’s lower back. The growing bump that was their second son nestled protectively between them. If Steve closed his eyes and focused, he thought he could feel their baby boy moving against his stomach.
When the call came to relocate to Hawai’i, Sarah took it in stride while Steve, at the tender age of 6, was upset for having to leave Brooklyn behind. Joe assured him that Steve would still get to visit Grandda and Grandma on Summer vacations and that Hawai’i has a lot of fun places to explore during the school year. So they moved, and the Marines gave them a house in Kane’ohe, near the base. During their first years in Hawai’i, Sarah noticed that Steve’s asthma attacks became more infrequent. It seemed the clean Hawai’ian air, free of smog and pollution, was good on their son. As years went by, Steve’s health issues seemed to lessen. He was still skinny and small for his age, but Joe and Sarah were no longer worried that their son wouldn’t live to see 25.
“I really think we should do this, Obie.” Tony said after laying out his case of why Stark Industries should start branching out to other technologies, “it’s gonna help our bottom line.” he added to placate and entice Obie further.
“Cheers. Um, I need to talk.” he said to Steve and Tony, signaling them to follow him to where they store the speakers.
Steven the mysterious demigod was also intelligent. His strategy to disorient the sea serpent to make him vulnerable was working. What the sea serpent lack in mobility and speed, Steven and his flying horse had in spades. They flew back and forth from one side to the next, as quick as a lightning strike, confusing and enraging Cetus who wasn’t used to having a moving target.
“Cap had the strength to bash that guy’s head in against the wall. And you have the--” Coulson trailed off, gesturing to Bruce to continue.
Before Joe could answer that and before Peter could get rid of more damning evidence of his identity as Spiderman, Peter’s door slammed open revealing Ulysses, wearing a Mets baseball jersey on the other side.
Joe’s spine stiffened at Jamie’s words. What did he just imply? Could it be that he figured out Peter’s big secret?
“Julia, that looks great.” Steve complemented one of his students as they attempted to paint a still-life of the flower bouquet and fruit basket display that was set up in front of them. Steve really liked teaching art and seeing how his students channel their unique perspective and life experiences into their art.
“I’m not saying I would never be able to forgive him, Steve. I’m just saying not yet. Logically, I know it wasn’t him, HYDRA had him under control but it was still his hands that pulled the trigger or whatever it was that they made him do. And that’s gonna take some time. I hope you understand.”
“Tony, Cap’s in trouble.” he whispered to the Omega.
“With Clint,” Tony answered with a sigh, “He found out that Ulysses can count cards. They’re playing Blackjack right now.”
Steve was saved from spouting more useless (and possibly detrimental) suggestions when Ulysses ran into the living room, Clint hot on his heels. His blue eyes lit up as he spotted his parents and his uncle sitting on the couch “
“You would kill for me, I know that. But whoever did this knocked him out, then went and got my coat before executing him in cold blood.” Tony explained. Steve was hurriedly rummaging through the desk for a bottle of whiskey he knew Tony kept there. “You would never do that.” Steve got the whiskey, opened it and drank straight from the bottle, “Bucky is different.”
“Okay, what the hell is going on, Steve? You’ve been acting like a dick the whole time we’re here. Are you a skrull?” Clint demanded, his annoyance warranted as he and the rest of the pack were being locked in a church basement, because they had just been kidnapped for the most intense bible study session ever. Steve was looking at all of them with anger and annoyance on his face, his lips pursed and twisted like a petulant child and buff arms crossed in front of his chest.
“Yes, me too. All joking aside, congratulations, Tony. We’re all very excited about the new arrival.”
“No, that’s okay.” Tony shook his head.
“Sorry, Steve. We can’t take the boys after all. This one,” she gestured to Bucky still heaving into the toilet bowl, “would need constant supervision.”
As far as first pregnancies went, Tony’s was pretty much par for the course. He had a mild case of morning sickness which abated once he got past the first trimester. His cravings were few and far in between and nothing too outrageous. Wendy’s Frosties and McDonald’s french fries were the bomb and as far as he was concerned they were the only basic food groups needed to sustain this pregnancy, no matter what Steve, Bruce or his obstetrician said. To appease them, Tony ate his prenatal vitamins, the chicken feet soup and the green vegetables they told him was good for the baby.
Babbo smiled at him and sat down on his bed next to him, “
No matter what happened next, Anthony would be attaching himself to this guy like a barnacle to the side of a ship. Nobody had ever treated him as good as him.
Steve laid his forehead against his, eyes closed and solemn, as if he was committing Tony, Ulysses and Joe’s scent to his brain. As if sensing the gravity of the situation, the boys laid their heads on Steve’s shoulder, their nose tucked into Steve’s neck where his scent was strongest. Tony closed his eyes, reveling in the closeness and intimacy of his little family.
“Wow, what am I? Chopped liver?” Tony quipped, making his presence known.
“That’s Captain I-only-follow-rules-that-suit-me, mister.” Steve grinned, stroking his hand through Tony’s thick dark hair, memorizing his love’s new scent. Some things remained the same, the burnt metal, the smell of grease still clung to him. But there were some new notes like the sweet smell of coconut, musk and amber that seemed to permeate every inch of Tony’s body.
It was as good a day as any for Joseph Rogers’ legacy to live on.
Tony smiled up at him and pressed a soft kiss to his jaw, “Peter it is, then. Peter Stark Rogers.”
“Hmm, I guess,” Ulysses conceded. He seemed comforted by his parents’ and uncle’s advice. “I’ll be okay. Just had to process everything.”
“Steve, join us! We’ve got green beer!” Thor looped his burly arms around his neck, beckoning him to their side of the room where they were drinking green beer and Guinness.
Sharon shrugged, “Why not? If they break up, then I’ll finally be able to get a crack at your brother.”
Billy Mays? Steve mouthed confusedly at Natasha. She just sighed the sigh of a person who was done with everybody’s shit and shook her head minutely.
JW: !!!!!
“I thought we were good together,” Ulysses sullenly continued, “she was nice, and she cared about me. We’re so similar to each other. We have the same goals, the same views. But I guess that wasn’t enough for her. She wants to get to know other people. Meet people who are smarter, better, nicer than me…”
“You seem pretty sure this is the way it played out.” Steve remarked to him. Thor was silent for a moment, weighing whether or not he should tell Steve this new information.
The twin gods seemed mollified by Steven’s explanation and deflated, “Well, I’m just glad you’re okay,” Clint said again then rushed forward to hug Steven along with Natasha. Steven, now with two gods in his arms, patted their backs to comfort them. They might have an unorthodox upbringing and family, but the affection between them was as sincere as any siblings would have.
Tony poked his stomach in retaliation and snuggled up closer to Steve. He breathed in Steve’s scent, seeking comfort and solace after weeks of separation. His fears from before were somewhat abated with Steve by his side. Steve would support him just like he did with Ulysses, Tony wouldn’t have to do this alone.
“Bruce, no...you don’t understand. I have to go to Steve. I have to be with him…” Tony pleaded. Bruce was pushing him back down to the bed, his eyes were bloodshot and red rimmed like he’d been crying.
Steve blinked dumbly. He was pretty sure he heard Tony said his testicles made him nauseous, but that couldn’t possible right?
“Hmm, I don’t know, baby. Which one do you want?”
Tony raised vacant brown eyes up towards him and Steve was scared as he looked to that beloved face. He felt Tony slipping away from him with each silent tears his mate shed as he stared blankly at Steve.
Peter’s family was extraordinary in their capability to love and comfort each other. As far as Peter was concerned, that was the only “remarkable talent” that counted.
A low murmur of disagreement roll through the doe eyed people standing in front of him. “Good, Because all of y’all are suspects.” he declared succinctly. Just then, Detective Carter and a crew of coroners came out of the restroom wheeling out the dead body of their murder victim. Nick moved out of the way to let them pass through the middle of the bar, and as they passed the victims hand slipped through the gurney and remained hanging off the side of it as it was being wheeled out. Thor, Jarvis and Clint watched from the sideline as the covered dead body pass by them. Natasha scrunched up her nose in disgust at the sight, while Maria watched placidly from her perch on the bar stool.
.” she addressed Ulysses, who smile cheerfully at his aunt.
“My father used to say “peace means having a bigger stick than the other guy”. Guess that’s how he justified being in this business. He’s keeping the peace by developing bigger and better guns that the other guy. War deterrent, he said. I used to think the lack of war confused him.” Tony said, once again wishing he could go back in time and ask Howard if he really wanted for SI to be the leading weapons manufacturer. What would he think of Tony’s decision to fire Obadiah and devoted SI completely to green energy technologies.
Tony leaned his body closer to his mate’s. “Another boy. Oh, Steve. This time this one better look like me, or there would be no justice in this world.”
Tony held up his hand to halt Steve’s words. Apologies and consolations were the last things he wanted to hear from Steve, “I don’t need anymore apologies, Steve. But I do have some things I want to say to you.” Tony braced himself, taking a deep breath before starting again, “Thank you for telling me about my parents. It hurts, but it’s better to hurt now than let it fester until it becomes something unsalvageable. Until you lose all courage to tell the truth and it ends up breaking us apart.”
” Joe stepped into the room, and sat gingerly down beside his little brother’s curled up form on the bed, “
“I do renounce them.”
“Guess when you’re as shifty as Alexander here, paranoid is good.” Nick piped in.
“Alright there,
It was the same words he said to Tony the night they found they were pregnant the first time and the night Ulysses was born. “Love you, too,” Tony nuzzled his cheek, inhaling their combined scents, “can’t imagine my life without you. Better together than apart, yes?”
“Who is that?” Tony asked Thor.
“No!” Tony vehemently denied, “there’s nothing to be guilty about, like I told Steve before. Barnes was under HYDRA control. You can’t hold someone accountable for what they’d done under someone’s coercion. I forgave him for that a long time ago.”
“Your suit is destroyed,” Tony murmured softly to his lips, Steve couldn’t stop laying kisses to his sweet, sweet lips, “I worked so hard to get you to agree for a bespoke suit and now it’s ruined.”
“I'm a piping hot mess. It's been going on for a while, I haven't said anything.” Tony whispered, encouraged by the soft caresses from Steve on his cheekbones, “Nothing’s been the same since New York.”
Joe swore under his breath and told JARVIS to change the viscosity constant he was previously using, while Tony asked “Permission slip for what?” and tilting his head to the side trying to remember if Peter ever said anything about a permission slip.
in the original Russian, because Joe wouldn't be caught dead reading the translated version, splayed open on his lap. He must have been doing some light reading and there was a disbelieving expression on his face. To be fair, it wasn’t everyday one found out that one’s little brother was the new superhero on the block everybody was talking about.
“Aloha, Nick,” Adonis -no, Steve- answered absent-mindedly. His voice was deep and cultured, sending shivers down Tony’s spine.
“Thanks.” Steve shrugged, cheeks reddening slightly. Seeing Tony being so appreciative of his baby made him feel happy, for some reason. “I’m really proud of her. I modified her myself to my own liking, and she’s worth every penny of debt I’m going in to.” Steve chuckled, looking like a proud Papa smiling down at his offspring.
“Papa, what exactly did we ruin?” Joe asked, ever the voice of reason and Steve’s most level headed child, “maybe if you tell us what it is we could help you,”
“I’m afraid you have pre-eclampsia, Tony.” Dr. Rosenberg told him and Steve.
Jet Ski guy laughed and said, “How’s your balls?”
“If you say so.” Natasha finished tying his tie, and Bucky flashed her a charming smile in gratitude that she brushed off with a flick of her fingers. “She wants me.” he said to Steve, as soon as Natasha was out of earshot.
“Seriously, dude, you can’t even handle one measly toolbox?” DUM-E chirped sadly, claw drooping to the floor as he started to pick up the tools he dropped. Tony sighed fondly at the helper bot. DUM-E might have glitches and his learning algorithm a bit spotty at times, but Tony was so proud of him. He wondered if this was how parents felt towards their kids. If Howard or his mom ever felt that way about him.
“I’ll be fine, Papa. Nothing a cup of orange juice couldn’t fix.” Peter grinned.
“I am not!”
“Oh. Sorry.”
They couldn’t leave until the jet was refueled, so now they were stuck at a gate waiting for the plane to be ready. Also, Bucky and Ulysses still hadn’t returned from being detained by airport security. They were all amazed at how fast Natasha escaped from questioning with none of her weapons confiscated. When asked what she did to get them back, she just grinned at them predatorily and said, “I made them an offer they couldn’t refuse.” There were no more questions raised after that.
” Babbo said again, “
Tony rushed to meet the gurney, wanting to see and talk to Steve. Tony opened his mouth to chide and tease Steve only to stop in his tracks when he saw what was laid up on the gurney. If it wasn’t for the silver star on his chest, Tony wouldn’t have recognized him. It was Steve, he was sure of it, but it was only half of Steve. The left side of his face and his body was covered in blood, red, it was red everywhere. There were no more skin covering his body to speak of.  Steve was suffering from third degree burns on his face, his chest, all the way down to his leg. For lack of a better word, he looked like Harvey Dent after the explosion that turned him into Two-Face.
“I’m not crying! It’s the hormones!”
Speechless, Steven disbelievingly put a hand on the cheek Anthony just kissed, eyes wide open in astonishment. It felt warm, Anthony’s touch light as it were stoked the flames within him. “Be on your way now, soldier. Time waits for no man.”
“You only have yourself to blame for being an idiot who didn’t take my and little Peter’s advice.”
“I’m gonna make him an offer he can’t refuse.” he said in a poor imitation of Brando’s accent while petting the cat.
With the cops dragging all of their employees downtown and shutting down the bar for being a crime scene, Tony and Steve had no choice but to vacate the premises. They decided to get breakfast at the diner not too far from their apartment. All of the morning’s stresses made Tony want to stress eat, and he was ravenous for once.
It was the usual bright and sunny Hawai’ian day when Tony met them. He and Happy has just came back from the North Shore, surveying the possible site for arc reactor installation when they got hungry and decided to stop by Rainbow Drive-In on their way back home to Kahala. Ready to get his loco moco plate and Happy’s Mix plate, he noticed the person in front of him in the line was forlornly looking inside his wallet. With him were three kids, two boys and a girl, all wearing confused expression and clutching at styrofoam boxes containing the boxed lunches.
“Ready, Cap.”
Ulysses clutched at his boot and looked up at Steve with blue eyes brimming with tears, “How long will you be gone, Papa?” Tony had loosened his regulation on talking Italian only at home, ever since Ulysses started kindergarten and he became more exposed to speaking English. He would still talk in Italian to Ulysses and Ulysses had to answer back in Italian, but to everyone else he could now speak English.
Later, all Tony could remember was how happy he was to be here, celebrating their love with their friends and family. His sons at their side, Ulysses as Steve’s best man, Joe and Peter as Tony’s matrons of honor,  with Joe holding his bouquet behind him. He could have sworn he saw Thor shed a tear or two, Bruce leaning in closer to his mate and whispered comforting words to him. Sam and Rhodey looked on proudly and with affections in their eyes. Natasha looked proud, because she single handedly arranged the whole ceremony by herself by sheer force of competence and intelligence, and as she leaned her head on Bucky’s shoulder, she looked peaceful and happy with her mate by her side. Bucky looked like he was about to cry too, inside he was imagining that his mother, Winnie, and Steve’s mother, Sarah, would have been so proud and happy to see them all together.
“So wet for me, Tony,” Steve whispered, his eyes not leaving Tony’s slick channel eagerly accepting his finger. He thrust his finger back and forth for a few moment, then deciding Tony was slick enough, added another finger to prod at his Omega’s opening. Tony gasped and moaned louder at the feeling of Steve’s fingers inside of him, more slick started to leak out of him.
“Yeah! He’ll be the toughest fighter. And together we’ll save the day! Yaay!”
That sobered Tony up, “Oh God. Oh my God, Clint, my baby’s going away to school.”
“Yes, Steven, squat. It helps with the labor. Oh, there,” he pointed to the Avengers statue, “let’s go over there. That’s a good spot.”
“I think it’s the beard and the hair.”
-----
“Well, she ain’t here, is she? This time I’ll win. What do you say, little James? You wanna learn how to lie and cheat?”
“I’m fine,
“What does that even mean?” Steve’s brow furrowed in confusion. This all seemed like a recipe for disaster that would make him beholden to yet another dirty New York politician. And he was actively trying to avoid that at this point in his career.
“Yeah. It’s amazing what forensics can do these days, huh Stevie?” Bucky continued, his lips quirked in a smile that was one part sadness and one part disappointment, “Now, if we happen to find that particular item, it could lead straight to the killer.”
“Because the guy comes up shady. But he has an alibi for the time of the murder. Twin hooker alibis.” Bucky started walking out of the break room, Steve at his side. “Now I’m gonna tell you something, punk, something not even Sharon knows yet. Coroners found fibers on the bullet track. Looks like something was used to muffle the gun.”
Enjoy the Epilogue!
“We still need therapy after what happened three years ago! Come on!”
“Excellent division of labor. I feed him, you get burped and vomited on.”
“Because he wants me to be proud of him.” Tony smiled and turned to kiss Steve’s cheek, reaching his arm out to rub Steve’s tense shoulders.
“I miss you,” Tony murmured as they parted, “it’s been lonely without you, lover.”
By this point, Tony was flat out sobbing at Steve’s words, “I just want you,” he whispered.
“Nah. You have to learn to accept what you did, the only one who could tell if the self-flagellation is enough. And you’re the only who can absolve yourself and what to do to redeem yourself. What any of us think don’t matter.”
“Hungry?” he asked. Steve gingerly transferred him to Tony. Tony positioned him in his arms, then pulled away the loose button up shirt he was wearing for Ulysses to start feeding. As soon as he got a nipple exposed, Ulysses seemed to instinctively knew what to do and just latched on start sucking. Tony winced a little bit as the force of the suction pinched his nipple. The first suction was always the worst. At least they have slowly graduated from the fiasco of the first day when both Tony and Ulysses couldn’t stop crying because one of them couldn’t latch on and the other didn’t know how to make the baby latch on. It was a nerve wracking experience for everyone involved.
Ulysses giggled, “
Wait, what?
“Tony, sweetheart, talk to me.” Steve urged him, sitting down on the bed next to him.
“Wait, I see you sitting there by yourself, and so am I. Do you want to have breakfast with me?” Steve’s voice stopped him midtrack. Tony could feel his face breaking out into a huge grin, as he answered, “Oh, okay, sure.”
“He sounded just like you.” Tony chuckled.
“Clint, sit up when you’re eating. You’re spilling milk all over your shirt, dumbass. You’re gonna end up choking on your own vomit.” Tony said, alerting Clint of his presence.
After Pepper and Rhodey left to go back to the mainland, Tony decided he needed to buckle down and get out of this funk he’s been wallowing in. He decided to come back to the his previous efforts in revamping the arc reactor technologies. He wasn’t ready to tell anyone his hypothesis, at least not until he has proof-of-concept for his newest idea. Because running simulation with JARVIS is one thing, but actually proving the concept works in the real world is another thing.
“Papa, help, Joe’s having an allergic reaction!”
“What’s your name?” Steve looked at Tony curiously.
Seconds pass and still no sign of Tony. With each passing second, Steve lost hope. The chilly iciness that he felt every single day he was awake in this new era started creeping up his spine, the despair he felt every day before meeting Tony was back. Steve wanted to tear everything down, destroy everything that took his love from a second time and when everything was gone, he would follow Tony. But Steve still had a duty, to humanity, to the rest of the world, and mostly to Tony. He would not let Tony’s sacrifice be in vain, “Close it.” he told Natasha. She did so without hesitation. The portal closed quickly, and in the millisecond before it disappeared completely from the Manhattan skyline, a small figure could be seen hurling backwards towards Earth.
“Locking up, Boss!” Thor called out to Steve. Lights have started to be turned off on the bar’s floor, leaving only Tony’s office as the only illuminated room.
“Just play, Clint.” Tony immediately cut him off. Taking Tony’s cue, the band then started up the opening chord. Surprisingly, Coulson was a part of the band as the cellist.
There’s nothing extraordinary about Peter Rogers.
. I just told you this morning. What was it?”
“Sir, I’m detecting increased heart rate from you. Shall I call for an ambulance?”
Steve gently transferred Ulysses from the cradle of his arms to Natasha’s waiting hands. The gentleness with which he held their son was warming the cockles of Tony’s heart. He knew that Steve, despite his strength and his great ability to cause destruction, was a gentle person. The way those hands touch and caress Tony’s body when they made love or whenever they casually touch assured him of that. But the way he held Ulysses was markedly different from the way he ever held Tony, like he was holding the most precious gift on Earth.
“You looked like this too when you were first born, my love.” Tony answered him.
“What are you thinking about?” Tony jostled the hand that was still in Steve’s hold, bringing Steve back from his musings.
“Goddamn it.”
Steve thought he would be ready for when Bucky ever came back to him. But right now, he had no idea what to do or say.
“Loki Laufeyson. Very successful crime novelist.” Fury answered for her.
“Tony I-- I don’t know what to say.”
As they talked with each other, that night’s entertainment arrive for a sound check. It was a local band that called themselves the Wrecking Crew. They were a rowdy bunch, harkening back to the rock n roll days of excessive drugs and alcohol use, but Tony liked their music. They had been busy touring for the better part of the year, and Steve had managed to convince them to come back home to Brooklyn for a while to play at the bar for one night before they went back on the road again.
As he faded away, in his disorientation, Tony thought wistfully that Steve would be so upset at him for getting hurt.
They had bought tickets for the Met too, but when they went by the museum and saw the horrific long line just to enter the museum, they decided to hell with the museum and walked towards Stark Mansion, where the Maria Stark Foundation was located in the same avenue and took pictures there instead.
“Steve…”
“You got it,” Nick acquiesced, heading back to the kitchen. On his way, he passed by Adonis’ booth and greeted, “Aloha, Steve.”
“And all his pomps?”
“That guy did sum’n right gettin’ outta the weapons business.” Joe added, “Ain’t no glory to get by helping people kill each other better.”
“I really appreciate this, Father. I know this is a bit too late for a baptism, but there were extenuating circumstances.” Steve said.
“You need someone, Tony.”
But Steve wasn’t born under the best circumstances. He was smaller than full term babies were supposed to be, and had to spend 3 weeks in NICU after he was born. His lungs were not fully developed, so he had to be hooked up to a ventilator for the first weeks of his life. And in America, being sick was expensive. Steve almost used up his lifetime cap just on his first month of being alive. There was no way Joe and Sarah would be able to afford to keep him in NICU for longer, so they brought him and prayed to God that their son lived through the first year of his life.
Anthony opened his mouth again to answer the man but the splashing sounds from the ocean reminded him once again of what’s at stake. “Look, I don’t have time to explain, but it is a matter of life or death. If you can help me reach that metal strip over there so I can get out of this bondage, I’ll gladly explain everything to you.”
That hit below the belt, and Steve saw red. He punched Bucky in the face, remembering at the last second to pull his punch so as to not cause any lasting damage to his brother. His punch left Bucky slumped down on the counter, his mouth red with blood. Steve vaguely registering someone calling out, “Take it outside!” as he strode over to the exit.
“And that doesn’t seem strange to you?”
“Sure, Tony.”
“Hmm, it was more like the way he behaved. I mean, this is the guy who insisted on rescheduling Peter’s baptism because it fell on the same day of a Lady Gaga concert. Speaking of concert, JARVIS, who’s playing this Hootie song?” now that Tony listened closely, the song playing on the speaker was Let Her Cry by Hootie and the Blowfish.
(See the end of the chapter for
The floating island of Delos was a myth. At least that was what it was
“Ooh, maybe they’ll win for your birthday, Dad.” Joe hummed resignedly, “And I’ll bet Manning runs it in.” Steve turned to Bucky.
When they got there, there were people milling around with their children, jogging, walking their dogs or just walking around the park enjoying the warm Spring weather. There were people, most likely tourists, taking picture with the Captain America monument. Ulysses excitedly ran towards the monument, eager to see his Papa’s statue, Tony following sedately behind pushing Joe’s stroller. Ulysses stopped near the statue, politely waiting until the people taking pictures were finished before bouncing up and greeting the statue.
Thor shot Steve a grateful look, “I’m aware, Steve. Yours and Tony’s relationship is what the young people on the internet calls ‘relationship goals’. I don’t begrudge you both that. I just wish to have the same thing with Jane, but I’m afraid such a thing is out of the realm of possibility for us.” Thor continued despondently. And Steve, well there’s nothing he could do but silently support his brother-in-arms.
“Oh yeah, you definitely need some color in here.” Steve agreed. His father walked over to a covered mound in the middle of the workshop and pulled back the tarp covering it to reveal cans of paints and various types of brushes. “That’s what I thought. Here, go nuts. Paint me something nice for my birthday.”
.” Babbo pressed a kiss to his forehead, “tell you what, this weekend we have nothing planned, so why don’t we drive up to Cambridge, surprise Ulysses and spend the whole weekend together, just the five of us?”
greatest pleasure.” Tony grinned happily and leaned in for a kiss Steve was more than happy to bestow.
“Yes, Tony, yes. Sweetheart, you won the Nobel prize!” Steve hauled him up out of bed and twirled him around on the floor much to Tony’s amusement. His laughter sounded like a bell of happiness in Steve’s ears.
“Tired. Who knew giving birth was so exhausting. And painful.” Tony lazily answered.
“What else is there to say, Steve?” Tony sighed, “we knew the risk going in. I guess I was just too optimistic because it was smooth sailing with Ulysses. Age isn’t just a number after all, huh?” Tony chuckled deprecatingly.
Steve placed his uninjured hand behind Tony’s neck, pulling him closer and prolonging their kiss. “I love you. I love you so much. I wouldn’t be able to do this without you,”
Ulysses nodded, “Yeah! She’s the best!”
“You bet it is.”
“It felt so real.” Steve says again.
“Come on. What’s the harm, Tony?” Steve interjected, “Be ready in one hour, pal.”
“Steve, come here,” Tony beckoned him, holding out his free hand for Steve to take, which Steve did. He sat down next to Tony and angled his body so Tony could lean back against him. “I’m okay,
Steve just hugged Tony closer to him, dropping his head to the crook of Tony’s neck where Tony immediately started to card his fingers through his hair, just the way Steve liked it.
“We hit puberty at the same time, you dick. It was a weird time for everyone involved.” Jamie grumbled, “it’s for nothing anyway. What would he want with some middle class guy from a blue-collar family when he’s basically inheriting the most successful tech company in the world?”
“Tony, I’m so glad I found you again.” Steve reverently said, his stormy blue eyes gazing deeply into Tony’s amber eyes. Those eyes that haunted his dreams, those eyes that used to only be in his dreams were now staring at him in real life. Tony clutched tighter to Steve through his armor, willing Steve to feel the layers of reinforced kevlar painted atrociously in red, white and blue. Tony stroked the star emblazoned prominently on Steve’s chest reverently.
“Sorry, babe.” Tony said sheepishly.
Singing here's to never growing up!!
“Don’t worry about it.” Tony said, stepping up to the cashier and giving his and Happy’s order to the man manning the counter and paying for their lunches.
’. Sure I can mourn for what I’ve lost, what has passed before me, but you can’t turn back time. So, you look forward to the future. And this is my future. You and our baby boy.”
“Look, there’s Cain, and then there’s Abel. You see a mark on my forehead? Nah. So that makes me Abel. And on top of that, how are you gonna penalize my proteges because of my brother? How is that fair?” Falcon asked again.
Pepper decided to come visit him a couple of weeks later. She said she was there on SI business, but the bikini, sundresses and wide rimmed fancy hats she packed told a different story. Pepper went to the SI offices in Honolulu for three days and spent the remainder of her two weeks stay at Tony’s mansion, dragging him all over the island. Rhodey arrived a couple of days after her and Tony was so happy to see him, he glommed onto Rhodey, and didn’t let go of his best friend for five minutes straight.
“What are we gonna do, Steve? We’re pregnant again.”
“We shouldn’t be doing this in the first place. We’re in over our heads, we don’t know what we’re doing. Playing superheroes and thinking everything’s going to be peachy keen since we’re helping people. We should have known better. We’re raised by superheroes, for god’s sakes. If anybody knew the risks that come with this lifestyle, it was us. There was always a chance for injuries, for things going wrong no matter what precautions you take.”
Once he took cover, Tony searched for his phone, flipping it open to call for help when a shooting sound was heard and bomb landed next to him. His eyes widened in shock as he saw his name prominently displayed on the bomb. The bad guys were using his stuff?
“Okay, babe. I’ll take care of it.” Steve flagged down their waiter and asked him to wrap up the meatball to go. Once the meatball was out of sight, Tony looked better and was finally able to eat.
“The offer is lower.” Tony confirmed for him.
“Hey, babe. DJ Falcon in the house.” Tony gestured at Sam Wilson who walked in the bar with his entourage, two beautiful women on each arm with four more trailing behind him. After Steve had struck a deal with his brother, allowing Sam to perform at the bar, they have managed to be civil with one another. Sam pointed two fingers at the couple, a gesture that Steve and Tony returned with a wave of their hands. From their position at the back of the bar, they were able to see Loki at his usual perch on the bar counter, looking despondent with a glass of Gin and Tonic while Maria placed her Tower in front of him. Phil and Clint were working behind the bar, occasionally bumping each other as they served their customers sharing shy glances with each other. Bruce and Natasha were conversing with each other, most likely talking about seating charts and table positionings. If Thor and Jarvis were here with them, their small, weird family would be complete.
It was also a critical moment in the pregnancy. They haven’t passed the 10 week mark so the chances of miscarriage was still high. They haven’t told anyone yet, not wanting to give anyone false hope or unnecessary excitement if everything fell through. Tony placed his hand on his stomach, rubbing it gently just like how Steve did when he was pregnant with the boys, but somehow it didn’t quite have the same comforting effect as it did when Steve was the one who gave him the rub. Tony tried to shake off his unease and focused on his boys who are here with him.
It was only after he sat down in Physics next to Peter that he realized he didn’t let go of Jamie’s hand as they walked all the way from the cafeteria to Physics class. His right hand felt warm as he could still feel the phantom touches of Jamie’s hand in his. He remembered the warm look and the smile Jamie gave him before they parted and he walked away to English class.
”, then with his small hands outstretched, he tried to grab at Tony’s hand to gnaw on it.
“It was jammed into a case of premium gin. He brought it to me.” Bruce continued, “I found the bullet hole.”
Steve leaned down and pressed a soft kiss on Tony’s lips. It was only meant to be a peck, but days of separation led to the kiss being deeper and more passionate than intended. Tony whimpered at the kiss and clung to Steve, hard and not letting go of him. Steve carried them upstairs, not breaking their kiss the whole way, even as they head to the bedroom and laid Tony down on their bed.
“Here, have some sandwich. Tonight, we eat and tomorrow we can get out of this place and have “Thank God You’re still alive” sex.” Tony grinned cheekily as he handed Steve an unwrapped sandwich.
Once his son was out of sight, Joe took of his shoe and threw it at Bucky, “Moron.”
When they arrived, the bar was empty as it was ought to be since they weren’t slated to open for business until later at 11 AM. Cop cars were surrounding the place and Steve didn’t like how that looked one bit. They pulled up in Tony’s fancy Audi and parked at the side of the bar.
“Thanks for that information, Sam.” Steve chuckled.
“Where’s Uly?” Steve asked him as he assembled the sandwiches for both him and Tony. A smaller portion of bite size corned beef in a plastic dinosaur shaped bowl prepared for Ulysses' lunch.
“Hmm, what is it babe?”
“The number is marked as Private, Captain. But the call is coming from Stockholm.”
“Tony,” Steve reached out to him, gently placing his hand on Tony’s clenched fist, “Sweetheart, do you not want this?”
Peter suspected it might have to do with the surreptitious glances Jamie have been throwing at Joe for the better part of their high school years, but he could be wrong.
“What!” Steve and Tony yelped. Tony leapt off the bed and ran out of the room, yelling out, “That son of a bitch!”
Steve chuckled and pulled Tony closer until Tony was nestled up against him. He kissed Tony’s forehead and murmured, “Still obsessed on that, huh?”
“Oh, who was it?”
Natasha couldn’t have children of her own. She was happy for Tony and Steve, but a small-very very small-part of her was jealous of them to be able to have what she could never have. So to see her here, in the midst of their celebration, was humbling for Tony.
But that was this afternoon. Right now, he was sweating profusely in his bed even after he asked JARVIS to lower the temperature in his room. He felt a fever coming on, his eyes felt heavy, his ears were ringing and everything just felt too much right now. Peter whimpered as he snuggled further down into his bed, sluggishly pulling the covers up over his head in the hopes that everything would feel less intense, less bright, less loud and less smelly if he was surrounded by darkness.
“Could you guys please stop making out? Nobody wants to see that,” Peter’s complaints broke the moment much to Tony and Steve’s annoyance. Tony rolled his eyes at his son’s dramaticized complaints and sighed exasperatedly, pulling away from Steve’s embrace.
“Neither did I, stud. But after Dr. Rosenberg said we’d have another son, I thought it only fitting to name him after one of his grandfather’s.”
When the boat was further along the river, Clint fired off several of his fire tipped arrows towards the boat, hitting the fuse and lighting all the tealight candles on the boat. After it sailed further down the river, Thor hit the hilt of Stormbreaker to the ground twice and the boat carrying Sarah Marie levitated and flew into the night sky.
Tony whined into his chest, “Shoulda taken them to Neverland so they nev’r grow up,”
Tony thought.
“It’s supposed to be the only thing that never ever changes, Stevie. What the hell.”
This chapter is dedicated to all of you loyal readers. I appreciate you more than you know
“Barkeep, keep ‘em coming. We’ll be here awhile,” Clint slurred out as he patted Tony’s back.
Tony jerked up in his hospital bed as he remembered what happened. Steve. Steve was hurt, badly. They were going to operate on him. And Tony needed to be there. Needed to be with his mate. To comfort him, to hold his hand, to make sure that Steve knew he wasn’t going to go under again. No, not as long as Tony was alive.
“I don’t know, big guy. Maybe we can try doing it in the dark?” Tony suggested.
It was lunch time and since Steve still couldn’t move his left hand, Tony had been the one feeding him his breakfast, lunch, dinner and everything in between. Steve vacillated between embarrassed and delighted at how much Tony was catering to his every whim.
Tony rushed to Steve’s studio, where he found his mate stood in front of a canvas working on a painting, with Ulysses playing in the playpen they set up in Steve’s studio.
“So, I’m unfaithful and you’re a murderer. We’re a very exciting couple.” Tony exclaimed, eyes gleaming with amusement at the ridiculous notion. “And here I thought everything goes downhill after mating.”
“You just don’t like it because it has better efficiency than the one you made.” Peter stuck out his tongue at his brother.
” Tony addressed Ulysses.
"Current estimate is 0.01%, Sir.”
Natasha looked at him for a long time, then nodded at him imperceptibly. She then walked over to where the boys were sleeping and scooped up her godson and cuddled him close to her bosom. They fell asleep together like that.
“Really?”
“I sure as hell do now.”
“Accelerating the nuclei at high speed seem to be the conventional wisdom in the field, Sir.”
They didn’t end up going anywhere that night. Clothes ended up on the floor, projects were left abandoned in the middle of rendering, and Steve and Tony ended up in the small cot that Tony kept in the workshop for naptime purposes, entwined with each other so tightly it was impossible to tell where Steve ended and Tony began.
“Of course, darling.” Steve kissed him, sweetly and softly, warmth starting to suffuse him. He and Tony were going to be parents again and Ulysses was going to be a big brother. Their family was growing and nothing could be more perfect.
“Yes.”
“I want you to consider the possibility that this unfortunate incident--”
“I notice.”
“Tony, relax,” Steve told him, lifting Tony’s hand to his and kiss his knuckles, and Tony just melted at the sweetness of the gesture, “the kids are fine. I know behind all those bluster and snarks about Clint, you trust him with the boys. He’s a good uncle for them. Now, we have the whole day, just the two of us. Do you really want to spend the whole day worrying and fretting?”
“Where are the Jameses?” Natasha asked, a few minutes after they were airborne.
“I didn’t kill anyone!” Clint Barton, the bar’s other bartender, insisted.
Later that day, Tony arranged to meet Alexander Pierce. Secretly, of course. He’s still wasn’t sure if he should share what Natasha showed him with Steve. He needed some time to think, and to understand this new piece of information. He also needed time to think about the fact that his employees seemed to be lying to the police and generally obstructing justice and hiding facts pertinent to the case. This newest revelation, however, left him reeling. This implied that he was the target all along. But for what purpose? To intimidate him to sell the bar? Or was he being targeted because of Steve? Anybody who knew Steve would know that the best and most effective way to hurt him was to hurt Tony. Either way, there were still too many unanswered questions and Tony thought he would benefit from getting some perspective from someone who would have some answers.
“God, you’re such a troll,” Tony shook his head exasperatedly, “Nobody would believe me if I ever told them what a little shit Captain America is.”
“I still think you need to defer to Bruce when it comes to lab safety.”
They were still at the Avengers facility, because it was still too risky to move and expose Steve to the outside world where pathogens and bacteria were aplenty. So the Avengers moved upstate for the remainder of Steve’s recovery, going to the Tower only to grab the necessities.
Tony hummed in understanding, “Nick said if they can’t trace the gun to Bucky, they can’t find my coat, he’s going to walk. We can’t sell the bar. Your brother might need a job.” Steve smiled at that, relieved Bucky wasn’t going to rot in prison. “Plus, I have another confession.”
“You called me ‘My Love’. Is that what I am to you now?” Steven whispered in Anthony’s ears, intimately caressing Anthony’s ears with the cadence of his voice. Steven felt Anthony shivered minutely in his arms and found himself delighting in that response.
Of course that was before Joe cracked open Steve’s head at a pineapple plantation.
Jamie sighed. Just a couple of feet away was the object of his musings, sitting cross legged on the floor in front of his own locker, eyes glued to the StarkPad in his lap and fingers swiping at the screen. In front of him his little brother, Peter Rogers, was chattering away in Italian, arms gesticulating the way it was wont to do when talking. Jamie chuckled softly, The Rogers Boys were pretty amusing to him. Their names were ethnically Irish but as far as Jamie could tell they didn’t speak a lick of Irish but was fluent in Italian. He heard that Tony Stark had insisted on raising his sons with Italian as their first language as an homage to his late mother. Before Ulysses Rogers graduated, the three of them could be found talking away in Italian during lunch break or in between classes.
“You might not be so keen on thanking him if I told you who it was,”
.” Peter yawned to emphasize his point.
“This is exactly where I didn’t want this conversation to go.” Fury spoke up, effectively de escalating the situation.
your brother.”
“What?” he snapped as he opened the door.
“Steve! Steve! Steve!” the man ducked to avoid being hit by the paint brush projectiles, “If I wasn’t telling the truth, then how would I know that you’re an art teacher, and you go to the Hukilau Cafe every Saturday and you make waffle houses, and-and-and you like Stargazer lilies.” he continued, talking as fast as he could while Steve looked around for something to incapacitate the man.
“It’s like the terrible twos started already…” Sam muttered, but the smile on his face and everyone’s face belied his words.
“Okay, here’s what we’re going to do…”
“Tony, settle down. They’re fine.” Steve followed sedately behind, unloading their bags from the van that picked them up from the airport. “They’re not gonna burn just because they forgot to put sunscreen.”
Steve tried to open his eyes, but could only successfully open his right eye. His left eye remained stubbornly closed, no matter what he tried. Steve started to panic. The frantic beeping sounds he heard suited his own erratic heart beats. A beautiful voice, a beloved sound, filtered through his chaotic thoughts, soothing him, trying to settle him down.
“Platypus, Steve and I-- we have something to discuss with you. About Ulysses.” Tony trailed off, “we were wondering if you would be willing to be Uly’s godfather.”
On their mutual days off, Tony and Steve always tried to spend time together, just the two of them. Some days, it would be date nights out in the City or just having a candlelit dinner up on the roof of Avengers Tower. Other times, they would spend the entire day on different day trips like exploring Brooklyn or going to different New England states. Today, however, they decided to stick close to home and go to Little Italy for lunch. Tony had a hankering for a tomato pie and Steve couldn’t say no to his mate. So they went to Lombardi’s for pizza. Steve was familiar with Lombardi’s as it was around when he had been growing up back in the 40’s. Back in the day it had been the first pizza place in New York, heck in the United States even. He and Bucky would save up their wages for a chance to buy a slice of their famous tomato pie. They would buy it during special occasions like one of their birthdays, or if Bucky got dumped by his dame of the week and needed some consolation. The price for a slice of pie back then was five cents, so nobody could blame Steve for the surprised shout that came out of his mouth when he saw that a whole pie now cost almost twenty bucks. Even after all this time in the future, inflation was still something he needed to get used to.
“Okay...not what I was expecting, but okay.” Tony rubbed his hands up and down his arms in a soothing gesture, “Why so sudden?”
Bucky Barnes didn’t know what to expect when he first turned himself in to the Avengers at Stark Tower. Over the year and with his fact-finding mission, he started to remember most of everything that occurred when he was under HYDRA influence. And more importantly he started to remember his life when he was still Sergeant Bucky Barnes of the 107th Battalion. He remembered fighting with Steve, his fall in the Alps and everything that came after that. With the fall of SHIELD, and HYDRA within it, it left him with a void. Now, for the first time as long as he could remember, there were no missions.
“The name of our son.” the OBGYN had confirmed that they were expecting a son earlier this month, “We should name our son Ulysses.”
“Stark, it’s been two days and you haven’t left the workshop.” Natasha’s voice pierced through the cacophony of bass and drums that filled Tony’s workshop.
“Ugh, I know. Like I said, Steve,
“How does Hawai’i sound, J?”
“What? Clint, stop eating too many of those brownies. You’re still on the clock,” Tony grabbed the container of brownies out of Clint’s hands. “But man, you should have seen him Clint. It’s like someone made him special just for me.”
Come evening, Tony was so blissed out by the day’s events that he had a smile permanently etched on his face, it might as well be his new face now. After the pool, they went back to bed where they stayed for the entire day, making love and just spending time together. Now, they decided to take a stroll around the hotel. They still haven’t seen hair nor hide from their children or any of their families. It would be concerning if Tony could muster up any strength of will to freak out but he just didn’t. One look at Steve’s, looking so happy and carefree to have Tony by his side, was enough to push aside any concerns he might have had.
Tony thanking him for what happened before was the last thing he expected. Steve felt his insides twist with relief and trepidation.
Together, they managed to find their way to the observation room above the operating theatre where their family was gathered. Natasha and Clint stood stoically facing the operating room. Natasha had a bandage wrapped around her head while Clint had one wrapped around his left arm. Sam stood next to him, face stern and arms crossed. Bucky looked like he was praying,  hands clutching a rosary and eyes closed. Thor nervously ran his hand through his hair, it was the only time Tony had ever seen the God of Thunder looked nervous or even fearful. Someone, and Tony thought that it might be Clint, had been kind enough to bring the boys over and set up a sleeping area for them. Ulysses and Joe were likely moved here without ever waking up for a second. They were sleeping soundly on a futon in the corner of the room.
Clint recognized a onset of a panic attack when he saw one. Unfortunately, he wasn’t sure what triggered this particular event. As an Avenger, he knew what Tony’s triggers were. Sand, darkness, enclosed space, to name a few. But in the brightly lit, clean and sprawling living room of the Avengers Tower’s penthouse for Tony to have a panic attack was a rare occasion. He checked the television again to make sure they weren’t airing anything that could also triggered Tony’s panic attack. And yes, the news have now changed to Hoda and Kathie Lee’s day drinking show.
Tony continued chewing for awhile. He stared wordlessly at Steve, knowing his mate was internally wringing his hands and mentally preparing himself for Tony’s complete and utter rejection at the prospect.
The skin grafts and the serum did their job well and Steve looked as if he never went through the accident in the first place, apart from the shaved head.
“I know! I changed it to protect your life!” He yelled back. The jetski was almost passing the boardwalk by now, and Tony has no choice but to jump and hope against all hope that he would land on the Jet Ski.
Ten months after Ulysses’ birth, Tony’s body was starting to go back to the way it was before the pregnancy. Mostly anyway. His stomach was starting to go back to the flat stomach he had before the pregnancy although all of the muscle definition in his core that he had before from piloting the suit was abysmally decimated by the amount of fat that replaced said muscles. His hips became more prominent now with the pelvic muscles stretched out after the birth and more importantly his previously amazing ass that had websites dedicated to it became even rounder and more plump. Clint called it a “duckbutt ass” and said that there would be even more websites dedicated to his as now. All in all, he was curvier than he was before Ulysses and he wasn’t unsure if he liked it or not.
“You mean you told Pierce to tell him.”
“Miss them too. Miss you, Tony.”
“Uh…” Peter wracked his brain desperately to come up with excuses, anything to take the heat off him. His eyes flickered back and forth looking for inspiration when his eyes caught on the flashing light of Joe’s phone indicating a new message received by the phone.
Steve gently caressed Tony’s cheekbones, reflecting on how far they had come from the first time they met at the Helicarrier a long time ago. How they squabbled over nothing, Steve fueled by bitterness and resentment about being thrust into a strange world, and Tony, fueled by a long time sense of inadequacy, lashed out at Steve and his presence and generally at how much Steve lived up to the hype and then some. Even after they finally reconciled and grew closer together, the revelation that the Winter Soldier was responsible for the deaths of Tony’s parents almost tore them apart. But they survived and weathered through it. The two hours Steve spent waiting for Tony to come back to their hotel suite after he revealed the truth about his parents’ death still counted as the longest and most nerve wracking two hours of his life. In those two hours, his life hung on the balance and he kicked himself in the rear repeatedly for just costing himself his own happiness but he knew it could go no other way. He wasn’t about to start a relationship based on lies. And his pain wasn’t for naught, for Tony came back. Tony came back, and the next day they were mated.
“Alright, Tony. Everything looks good. The baby is growing as expected, reaching all the appropriate milestones. Your blood pressure is also very good throughout this pregnancy. We don’t have to worry about pre-eclampsia rearing its ugly head.”
“You mean the dead guy or whoever killed him.”
Steve was silent for awhile, evaluating the situation. He could do this, he could help Tony deliver their child. “Alright, alright, Tony. We’ll do this together.” The stripped off his wool sweater to place it under Tony’s open legs, leaving him only in the white wife beater he was weathered before Tony informed him his water just broke.
Steven's wish to remain a humble fisherman was thwarted by fate.
With one last glance at the arc reactor, Tony promised himself that he would perfect the arc reactor technology design. It would be part of his legacy, this unfinished technology of his father. If Obie thought the only thing he was good at was making things go boom, or making things go boom smarter, then Tony would show him that he was much more than a weapons guy. Stark Industries was his, dammit, and the way things were done around would change. Starting with the arc reactor. Tony would make Stark Industries bigger and better than it was under Howard’s leadership. It wouldn’t be the first time he would have to fix Howard’s mistakes and shortcomings after all.
The same couldn’t be said for Steve.
“Uh, Thor,” Steve cleared his throat, “I couldn’t help but overhear you on the phone with Jane, uh earlier. Is everything alright?” Steve asked.
“They all know that you’d kill anyone who was going to hurt me. And that man, Rumlow, was going to hurt me.”
“Ugh, that’s way too much information.” Bucky pulled a face, moving to the refrigerator to pull out a carton of orange juice.
“No, but you can start now.” Tony grinned. And Steve was helpless not to kiss him senseless. Thor and Jane might be on the rocks right now, but he and Tony were as strong as ever in their relationship. And if Steve had his way, they would always be from now until the end of time.
Tony showed no signs of waking up, so Steve propped him against his body, hugging the armor to his body, bringing his face closer to Tony’s when the Hulk roared out in fury and jolting Tony awake.
“The man is obviously a hired killer.” Loki concluded.
“‘Kay. Will you bring me back a souvenir?” Ulysses grinned, excited at the prospect of getting a present from his Papa.
Joe rolled his eyes in fond exasperation, “Fine, be that way. Peter’s just going to tell me later anyway. That kid can’t keep a secret to save his life.”
JR: they will be training peter from now on. Fingers crossed that he won’t get into accidents like the other day again
The months following that accident was somehow harder than the months following Sarah’s death. It was like reliving Sarah’s slow descent to lifelessness, but this time it was more painful because this was happening to Joe’s own flesh and blood. The sight of Steve lying on the hospital bed, all black and blue from the bruises on his face and head, and all Joe wanted to do was switch places with his boy. Let him be the one with the brain damage, while Steve only had to have cracked ribs.
“To break my legs?”
“I know right? Just when I thought I’m not interested in Alphas, I remember there’s Captain America and I’m doubting my sexuality once again.”
“Funny, ‘cause that’s what Joe says about you,” Peter cheekily replied, “Except he doesn’t call you pretty. You’re the ‘embodiment of High Renaissance male beauty ideal and that Michaelangelo’s
employee group chat. “Maria uploaded this to the group chat before the cops show up.”
Once the couple were out of earshot, Bucky turned despairingly at his partner, “Is that really wise? Implying that Tony was cheating on Steve when Steve was standing next to him?”
Looking at a holograph of the globe that JARVIS has displayed in front of him, he wondered aloud, “Where do people usually go for some fun but without the added stress of paparazzis, J?”
A quick peek at his left side ensured him Tony was still sitting next to him and that the broken coffee mug lying at his feet was what startled him before. Surprisingly, Tony made no move to clean up the spilled coffee or made any move at all considering his wet pant leg, doused by the hot spilled coffee.
“Yes.” Steve answered on their behalf, then with his Captain voice, the one that never failed to make Tony wet, he said “Clint, get over here. It’s almost time for Ulysses’ nap and if you mess up his routine, you will be doing daily drills for the next 6 weeks.”
” Tony cooed at him, prompting Joe to squeal and bang his plastic spoon on the table. His bright smile reminded Tony so much of Steve. The blue eyes and the wispy blond hair were the least of their similarities. His nose was just like Steve’s, unlike Ulysses’ nose which was all Tony’s. The shape of his eyes and that jawline would someday be as sharp and regal as Steve’s. Ulysses would look like a brown haired Steve, but Joe would look like a mini Steve. Tony couldn’t wait.
“I’m old, Steve! Hell, all this time I thought I’ve finally entered menopause. No more pesky heat cycles for me anymore. But then this happens, so I guess I’m not.”
But you know what they say about good intentions.
“I see how it is. We’re such an old mated couple that when we have a couple hours to spare, we’ll just use it to sleep.”
“You could say that.”
Sarah’s was the pride and joy of Brooklyn. Everyone in the borough knew that it was one of the best Irish Bars in Manhattan, on par with overpriced Irish Bars people could find in New York City. Steve and Tony took pride in their establishment, working to build it from the ground up from when it was just a little dive bar to its current status as one of Brooklyn’s beloveds. They managed to weather through the recession and came out on top with their bar voted as the best in the borough. With Tony’s political and business savvy and Steve’s charm and charisma, they managed to keep the bar packed with patrons and customers, serving delicious bar food and a wide variety of craft beer. It was important to Steve that Sarah’s become a part of the neighborhood, a fabric holding the ever expanding Brooklyn borough together. He had grown up here, and he wanted to give back to the community. So it only made sense that after he finished serving in the military, he used the backpays he was owed to purchase a dying bar that was on sale and revamp it as his own. Meeting Tony was a godsend. The beautiful Omega had come in one day to wait out a tow truck he had called and Steve saw him from the bar. He approached Tony with an excuse of serving him his drink, introduced himself to the most beautiful Omega he had ever seen, and the rest as they say was history. Now, they were proud owners of a thriving business and their relationship was stronger than ever.
“Wait, Joe and Ulysses know?”
“What…”
Steve was looking forward to it.
“Because you are the type of genius moron who would go to prison for a crime he didn’t commit.” Jarvis explained, “and I am not.”
She whispered in his ears.
“You know me too well.” Tony pouted, as if that upset him, “also, don’t think I don’t know you chose that shirt and those jeans to entice me and get back in my good graces. You’re gonna need to work harder than that, Soldier boy.”
“Oh, where are you going?” Tony asked.
“Banner screamed when he saw the body. So he’s off the hook, right?” Thor Odinson, the bar’s doorman/bouncer, asked.
Joe and Bucky looked pityingly at Tony as he talked. This was what Tony believed, it’s what he wanted to believe because the alternative was too painful to think about. Tony couldn’t think about how day after day he implored Steve to fall in love with him, for Steve to feel the same way and it was all for naught. He’d like to believe that somewhere deep inside him Steve remembered Tony, remembered all the feelings Tony elicited in him and returned all his affections and undying devotions. Thinking about the possibility that Steve might be humoring him would tore him apart.
Tony was silent for a beat. Then, looking more resolute, he told Steve, “I will tell you. But in private,”
“Certainly not me,
“Aloha, Sue.” Tony answered, taking a peak at the name tag the lady wore, “I’m doing just fine, thank you. My car broke down, so I just need to kill time until they tow my car. I guess I’ll have a coffee in the meantime.”
Steve smiled at him and gently kissed his forehead in answer.
Thor shook his head.
“I’m just saying, the best thing is for that item to never turn up.”
“If you do this,” Tony gestured with toothpick in his hand. He picked up the last waffle piece, pierced the toothpick through the waffle roof and the waffle door to create a hinge for the waffle door to swing about on, “This way you’ll have the door for the little waffle people to come through.”
Never able to say no to any of his family members, Steve graciously said, “Of course. I’d be happy to, Thor. Have fun with Bruce.”
“Aw, honey, you say the sweetest things,” Tony’s tone might sound flippant and dismissive but Steve knew his inability to take a sincere compliment was making him sound that way. Inside, he was pretty sure Tony was preening.
“Right after you gave me the video.”
He didn’t know how long he’s been sitting in the living room of their suite. After Tony left, Steve felt an onset of what he quickly recognized as shell-shock. He became hyper focused, blocking out everything that wasn’t his thoughts. His vision cleared again and he came to still staring at the half empty plates of food that they ordered for dinner earlier. A glance at the clock showed that it’s been about three hours since Tony walked out and leave and Steve was starting to get worried. Tony might hate him now but there’s nothing he could say or do that could make Steve stop caring about him, nothing that could make Steve stop loving him.
They arrived home in the early afternoon, going their separate ways: Tony to the workshop to work on Ulysses’ car and Steve to his home office to sign some paperwork that Maria just send in. Two hours into his work on Ulysses’ car, Tony felt the pain from earlier in the morning came back, and this time it was accompanied by the excruciating feeling of muscle cramps around his pelvic region.
“That’s not how it’s gonna go. We know how this is gonna go.” Bucky reached down, taking out his gun from the holster. Sharon cocked the hammer of her gun, trying to anticipate the shot from her partner. There was only one way this would go: Sharon or Bucky dead on the pavement. And neither was a good solution to the problem. Just then Tony stepped forward, firmly positioning himself between Bucky and Sharon, his back to Sharon effectively shielding Bucky from Sharon’s bullets.
“Aww, Buck, you’re good.” Steve commiserate, “ It’s almost as if you’re the football player and not me. You should be a coach,” Steve stood up and left the room to clean up the paints before dinner.
Before they could enter the kitchen, Joe came out and spotted them approaching. “
“And you seem to be adding another notch on your belt.”
“Initiating nuclear acceleration.” JARVIS informed them.
“Steeeebeeee….!!” Tony screeched out when he spotted his mate, looking like an irate housewife with both his hands propped on his hips, “Stebe, I miss youuu…” Tony jumped off the table, confident even in his inebriated state that Steve would catch him. And catch Tony he did, Steve’s arms supporting his waist and back, holding Tony close to him.
“I miss you too,
“Should he have felt guilty?” Natasha asked.
“My love,” Steven whispered again in his ears and Anthony looked up to him. Golden brown orbs shining with joy and love and obvious joy. Steven would like to think that the happiness Anthony was feeling right now was because of Steven’s company and maybe because of flying, “We’re here.” He gestured towards the floating island in front of them and watched in obvious delight as Anthony’s eyes bugged out of skulls in astonishment and his jaw dropped as he caught sight of Delos.
“Oh,” Tony deflated, “is there something wrong with the video? Do you not like it?”
Anthony was still in his arms and he was starting to fidget slightly. His previously happy and eager countenance started to take on a hesitant mien, his eyes flitting from side to side, likely assuming Steven’s silence as rejection. Anthony started to withdraw his arms from Steven’s neck and he couldn’t have that. Steven tightened his hold around Anthony, hugging the man closer to him, unwilling to be parted.
“I guess. It just feels...weird.” Steve murmured, “it’s going against all of my instincts to just sit here and not, you know, provide for you and the little guy.”
“You never talk about him. I’m just curious.” Tony shrugged, his brown eyes lifted up to gaze into Steve’s blue ones.
“Did you just Han Solo me? Really, Tony? Here I am, recovering from third degree burns and my own mate Han Solo’d me.”
“Athena of the split open head?”
Steve looked down at the sandwich, shrugged and gave it to him, “I just wanted to spoil you. Nothing wrong with that, is there?”
Tony never considered himself as a particularly political person. Sure, he follows the news and kept himself well appraised on current events. But he’s not the type of person who would be posting or tweeting political posts. The only time he ever come close to being political was when he supported sending the troops to Afghanistan after 9/11. But then again, that could be argued as an natural emotional response to a terror attack although his critics would characterize it as “war mongering”.
“I’m not taking any chances, have you seen how big your feet are? One giant stomp from and I might not walk again for the rest of my life.”
“Yeah, yeah, you’re right. Jamie, would you mind--?” Joe gestured to Peter’s unconscious body, heavy in his lap.
“Awesome. Only 1 in 100 chance of creating a Supernova on earth. I like my odds.” Tony grinned, walking towards the helper bots.
“I aim to please, Sir.”
Tony's trying not to fall for Steve. But can he?
They leaned closer to each other. Finally, finally, Tony thought, I’ve dreamed about this since I was sixteen years old. Steve’s lips were so close to his, soft and delicate, and they leaned closer Tony could feel his warm breath on his face. Just an inch more and he would feel Steve’s kiss on his lips, he remembered how amazing and how loved it made him feel whenever Steve would kiss him and he ached for it. Craved for his kisses. Steve kisses was probably the only thing he needed to stay alive other than the arc reactor.
“Look, Stark, you pride yourself on being pragmatic and rational. I’d just thought you’d appreciate the logic.”
“It just means that you need to remember that old adage about one hand washing the other.” Pierce offered back. The beeping sound coming from Tony’s phone indicated that Nick or Pierce have disconnected their conversation. Tony raised his eyebrow, pocketing his phone back in his pocket.
JW: i’m so dead
“Powerpuff save the day!” Ulysses started running around the kitchen, arms held aloft like Superman. His parents laughed at his antics and let him run around for awhile until Steve caught him in during one of his rounds and deposited him back on the chair, Ulysses laughing and squirming the whole time.
“Uh huh.”
“Whoa, he kinda looks like you, Uncle Buck.”
“Yes, JARVIS. And tell me where Steve is.”
“My stomach...hurts…” Tony slurred out. He looked down at the floor and saw that there was a trickle of blood coming out of his pants. “Oh no…”
“We ready, J?” Tony asked. His heartbeat was racing. This is it: the moment of truth.
“We should go,” Jamie squeezed his shoulder as he knelt down, “somewhere warmer so he could rest better.”
“I’m done marching to Fury’s fife,” Tony said definitively.
A flash of light at his eye interrupted him from his musings. It was annoying, and Tony looked up trying to find the asshole who almost blind him by shining the sun directly in his eye. He turned, ready to give the asshole a piece of his mind, only to stop and and drop his pina colada on the sand.
“What would be the point in telling you? It would have put your life in danger, darling.” Tony answered smoothly. His beautiful brown eyes were hidden behind a pair of wayfarers. He was wearing a horrendously bright orange Aloha shirt and a pair of shorts. “Corporate spies are after me, sweetheart. I have to go into hiding to protect my techs,”
“What-- “ Tony flinched, trying futilely to retract his hand from Steve’s, “No, Steve, I-- of course I want it. I just--” Tony broke off, seeming to realize something important. He peered at Steve, almost challenging, “why are you asking me this? What would you say if I said “No”, Steve?”
