Heading back upstairs was a strangely tense affair. That night it was stew for dinner … and a talk. But neither man seemed to be able to broach it directly. Instead, Jarvis talked about his most recent visit with his Aunt Peggy. Tony discussed upgrades he had planned for Dum-E. They even made plans for the coming weekend - what new meal Jarvis would attempt to teach Tony how to make.
Also, if Jarvis is as good as you claim, someday we need to trade. I will send you something Franklin’s sister made if you send something from Jarvis.
I am honored you have drawn so many things for me for free. And they make my garage feel even more like a small home in my home. I love them. The grumpy Grant Knight, Sir Van Gogh is going to have a lovely home. I hope he finds perhaps a friend or some food soon. Is he any closer to what you look like?
Sorry, this one letter is so short, sunshine. Was too busy folding paper around the coins to make sure it just seemed like it was a lot of paper in here instead of coins. Unfold it carefully and there might be a surprise.
Feeling ever so put upon, Bucky waved a mittened hand at the house. “Alright, Arnie. Let’s get this over with.”
He wanted to yell at whoever desecrated the mural but it would be a pointless endeavour. It would be pointless to hurt whoever had scraped the EK off the wall. It was him. And he’d waited this long to see it. It was Steve sharing this dream that was timeless and intimate. Tony pressed the heels of his hand against his eyes as he wept. If he wasn’t able to get Chronos to work he was going to have to let this go. He’d never see Steve.
Sighing, Steve rubbed a hand over his eyes. He hated to think of Eddie reading those awful words, and yet… there was something good about having written them. Something good about knowing someone would read the things he didn’t dare to say out loud. All he could hope was that Edward would not judge him for being too weak minded.
Tony cradled his shoulder a moment as he stood -  it was still tender from that morning's beating. Maria had been having to correct him less and less, and it was becoming more drills rather than new movements. So that was something. But it also meant she tended to go a little harder on him.
“Thank you, honey.” Leaning down, she pressed a quick kiss to his cheek. “Peter, why don’t you go make sure the guest room is presentable? And Carson, sweetheart, could you put on some tea? I think something warm will work a treat to fight back the chill.”
The future scares me, when I think about it. Isn’t that rich? I am so desperate to live – to make it through all the illnesses my body squares off with – and yet I worry it might not be worth winning that fight. Maybe it is my upcoming birthday making me feel this way. Franklin always says I get extra philosophical when I think too much about birth and death. He may be right. Sorry if this was a bit too much for you.
I have bought you food! I even made sure your plus one that was making sure you were safe ate too. I even got your ma flowers. Sounds like I’ve gone above and beyond your minimum, so when do we leave? Do you have any era’s you want to make a pit stop in? I would be utterly okay visiting Van Gogh himself. Da Vinci, too. So many artists and places would be fun with you. And while I could ask for a spitfire blond, I think you’re right that it might prove challenging. It would be easier to look for Franklin. You gave me a lovely portrait of him and his family. I am still offering the option for you to deck me, and then we’ll go roaming.
Arnie snorted. “You need to talk to him about your feelings, Steven. The man can’t read your mind. And he certainly can’t see how hard you’re pining from him.” Rolling his eyes, he draped an arm across the seat behind Michael. “You give off more heartbroken heroine vibes than any dame from Shakespeare. It’s getting a bit ridiculous, kid.”
There was nothing like the harsh, muggy air of a rainy June afternoon in Brooklyn. Every breath had a way of settling into the lungs that made it feel like you were drowning, and the moisture in the air mingled with sweat until it was impossible to get truly clean. Between the burning heat of the city summer and a broiling fever, Steve was silently wishing for death; Hell was probably cold compared to his godforsaken tenement building. And everyone wondered why New Yorkers were known for being a bit harsh. It was difficult to be pleasant when it felt like your body was melting off your bones.
Steve’s fingers began to take a pace, a steady movement in and out that Tony found rather uncomfortable, his brow pinching and nose crinkling, biting tightly on his lower lip undeterred by Steve’s constant kisses of comfort.  Momentarily the sensation of the cold metal from Steve’s tags touched his chest, cooling him, just for a second.
Tony’s still quivering pupils had to take a moment to fixate on the man that was now huddled up in the corner, looking out of breath, head pressed back against the wall staring at his own hands with disbelief.
Janet gasped when she noticed Tony’s arm, her hand rising to cover her mouth in horror, even more so when she scanned Steve and noticed his legs too – it was then she knew it was serious. When Steve Rogers was taken down, she knew in her mind that the situation was dire. Then again, she was still getting over her own loss-
“Keep quiet, Tony Stark,” the man said with bitterness as he maneuvered in front of Tony, but trying to maintain his clasp over the ex-billionaires lips. The white bone markings were made visible with the very little light they were in, shrouded by the shadows around them within the narrow walls.
Jarvis leaned over and reached into the pen case, lifting the lining to show four more of the pen nibs. “It will not be the first time that’s happened. I can teach you as well. I might not have my wife’s talent for it, but I can teach and have decent penmanship,” Jarvis explained with a little bit of straightening his posture. He also lifted the lining a touch more to reveal a folded sheet of paper. “That also shows how to replace the nibs should you need it.”
“There are traces of cologne sprayed on the inside; that’s the only new thing boss - old formula. Pour Un Homme de Caron,” Friday recited as Tony looked at the envelope. “Safe.”
I have to be careful with food, since I seem to be allergic to more things than I can count. But I love going over to Arthur Avenue. They have the best Italian food in the city. I know Manhattan claims they do it better, but they are deluding themselves. Nothing like a big dish of pasta or a bowl of minestrone to make the day better. They know me in a lot of those joints; I helped paint some of the outsides of the buildings two years ago. All the Italian mamas love to tsk at how skinny I am and try to feed me. The Migliucci’s pizza is some of the best stuff you will ever put in your mouth, I swear. You ever been? I think that is where I would take you, honestly.
The man glanced over at the omega. “Hunting isn’t a bad idea,” he murmured. “Depending on if there is game or not. A lot of villages use hunting to make up for shortages.”
With a groan, Steve flopped back onto the mattress. He gave an experimental little wiggle. It actually felt nice against his skin, since the sheets were new. (It had been a splurge purchase after signing another commission contract, and it was completely worth it.) Deciding he might as well commit to it, he wriggled and twisted in the sheets until his hair was an absolute nest and the fabric was tangled around his hips. Flushed pink and just a little shiny with sweat, he flopped out on his stomach. “This good enough?”
If my family’s friend was like us, I would feel for him. Even history won't acknowledge the full man he was. But, what's interesting is he is responsible for a small tradition my grandfather started. We were given a name after someone in his life - I can't remember if it was a family member or friend of his.
"Because you are doing the opposite of what you should be doing, and you are not doing yourself any favors being around that creep. All of that shit dulls your senses." Maria uttered firmly as she poured herself another coffee. "Better to sleep and then sweat it out of your systems."
“Thank you. How has the art been going? I’d imagine it would be very difficult to keep practice, let alone paper with everything.” Tony mused glancing at Steve’s hand looking for any trace of charcoal or pencil lead. “Then again I wouldn’t be able to tell with all the other muck on your hands and gloves.”
, Tony made an order for chalk pastels and stretched out on the couch. Jarvis nestled with his knit blankets as they watched Sean Connery, and they both eventually fell asleep with Tony dreaming of holding lithe, bony arms to him. He dreamed about long fingers stroking through his hair and being held like he was a precious thing. Of being someone
And thus began the strangest night of Steve’s life. He talked art with Auden, listened to Carson talk about her struggles as a sickly author, and even offered to bring sketches past so George Oliver, editor of
I just never really thought about it that way. Still don't.  But I would like that, having you draw around me. I like having my friend Rhodey around in the garage as a sounding board, too. He and I went to the same college; and, he is one of the most practical people I know. I have got your art in my garage.  It's one of the places I spend the most time in. I think I spend more time asleep on the lounger than in my bed.
“Agent Carter?” Steve’s brows lifted. “I imagine we can swing a meeting with her. She regularly visits our unit.” He was not about to say why, since Bucky and Peg were still a secret. Privacy was just their preference and most people assumed she was there for Steve anyway.
“Thing is he says he’d make a horrible prison bride, so we have to keep it legal, Dem,” Tony quipped back watching her snort and fall a little forward a moment.
She nodded slowly. “I will leave it at your discretion when to discuss that with them. You’re the one with the evidence, after all.” The woman flashed him a bit of a smile, understanding in her small way that he would perhaps not want anyone to know who the artist was for some time. Stopping on the street corner, she looked around. “We taking another cab to the bar?”
A blush crawled up the back of Michael’s neck as Arnie snickered. “Let’s just say I’ve had a lot more access to a model recently,” the sculptor quipped. “You think they’re alright, though?”
And now that you have my eyes done, you can start on my eyebrows. They are far thicker than what you have drawn. If it would save you from serving in the war, I would get you down to the absolute minute details of my features, like the exact number and placement of my freckles. I want to keep you safe, even though I feel so powerless.
“A lot. I know. I only discovered these recently. I’m really unprepared for this one. He was vague about this mural in the letters. So where in Brooklyn? And mind if I have a few minutes alone with it before you get too close?” Tony asked looking over at Serena.
“Eh, Ed’s an okay guy. Might as well help you both out.” The brunet hesitated. “I’m glad you two got everything worked out alright. You seem a lot happier.”
Tony sent the letter off before grabbing leftovers from the fridge. The missile seemed enough that it could placate Obie in the future. Hopefully. Pricey, showy, reliable, and destructive. Stark Industries. Tony grabbed a smoothie as well as he went back down to work. Another day, another weapon. Wouldn’t his forefathers be proud?
“Anthony, I believe Mister Rhodes intends for you to wait to open your present,” Jarvis drawled. “Until after dinner and cake.”
After the standard rewrite and wait Tony included with the letter was a small picture of the wall where he had been placing all of the gifted art. A sliver of the mailbox hanging on the wall near the painting could be seen. He figured it wasn’t a big deal, because it could barely be seen.
“Oh lord,” Maria snorted before dumping more ice on him. “Is this your artist friend that you have a little gallery over there for?”
“The initials under Steve’s are EK. They’re supposed to be EK. Because those are the only ones he knew,” Tony said while he dabbed at his eyes. He blew his nose and threw the tissue into an open dumpster. “I need a drink,” Tony let his shoulders slump and watched Serena look over the mural not knowing the story.
And February House has seen some changes. People moving in and out. Since the war broke out, things have been a bit … tense. Nobody wants to talk about it, but you can feel it boiling under the surface. Then again, that is true of everywhere. Especially with the draft looming over everyone. For whatever reason, it has made us create even more frenetically. Like we are all trying to get as much art out of our bodies, just in case.
The movie sounds like fun. She is a great actress, and Franklin probably will not object going to see that one. He likes a good comedy. But… am I reading that wrong? Do you… actually know her? Have you ever met Cary Grant? These are real important questions, Edward. I have to know.
“Just what is bringing this on, my dear?” Jarvis asked as Tony took a slow breath. Tony wrapped his arms around Jarvis’s back and worked at loosening his jaw muscles. Jarvis was quiet as Tony gently rocked them - the motion soothing in its repetition.
“Yeah.” Steve smiled to himself. “It does.” And it made Steve ache with empathy, because being adopted usually meant you needed more family. He wondered about Edward - about if he was everything his few words made him seem to be. Nevermind the fact the man sounded absolutely gorgeous, but Bucky didn’t need to know that. “I’m goin’ to go write at my desk. If I’m still writing when you leave, could you swing by before you leave for work tomorrow? I -  I don’t wanna make him wait too long, y’know?”
Bucky was surprised how quickly Steve recovered from his illness. It was almost as though the letter had reignited the spark in the blond, giving him a reason to fight through. And it was a good thing, too, as the brunet was able to land them both shifts in a factory. It wasn’t the kindest work, sure, but it at least wasn’t anything that would kill Stevie - especially as the blond was set to painting watch faces. The money was good enough that they’d be able to cover the rent for Steve’s apartment if they pooled their wages, and if they were lucky the factory would keep them on even longer.
I hate this time of year something fierce. Sometimes I wish I could just go to sleep and wake up to spring. Or just never have to wake up at all.
It went about as he expected. With Ty half heartedly rocking against him with a well argued for condom; a condom Ty had vehemently argued against. Tony was at least bodily relaxed as he glanced back at Ty, but his mind was flickering through a myriad of thoughts - never quite settling on what seemed wrong. Tony grunted a moment as Ty finally slid in. He was so drained when a thought came to him: it would feel better if Ty did something besides grip his hips. Perhaps it was whatever cocktail of drugs they had had that night, but maybe ... maybe maybe the sex would be better with someone who had narrower hips. A smaller frame.
“Oh,” Tony murmured out loud as he looked back at the sketch. Back to the paragraph and back to the drawing. Dear god those were his hands, Grant’s hands, on the page. And then Tony made a noise he hoped to god Friday didn’t record. Would it be inappropriate to ask Steve to measure his hand with a ruler? For a lie of getting him some gloves. Which actually wouldn’t be a bad idea. But also because he had to know. For science.
The wallet is going to be with me every second I’m in California; I’m a touch worried I’d lose it if I took it somewhere. I adore that quote, and yes, yes that is me. How did you manage to find me in a bird of all places? Also, I want that as a real watch, but I can handle that. Let me know how your fireworks went, Sunshine. I am eager to see what you do with all of this. I am hoping this makes it to you on time.
What Jarvis is like is: I’m going to go home, interrupt him doing something miraculous with knives, and hug him. I am going to be hugged back and probably tell him about the nightmares. He is one of the most loving people I know. His wife Ana is who the stationary kit I am using belonged to. It was my birthday gift from him. Otherwise, I’d probably be writing using anything I could find and using the most random paper. Jarvis and Ana were so loving, they were on par with Gomez and Morticia. He is super British. All of the sense and dry wit that kills me.
Cleaning the air, in general, is a thing I want to do. Finding power sources that reduce the amount of smoke getting put in the air is a good start. There are air filtration devices for personal use short term that you can make. But I think you mean large scale and getting the funding for those is a pain in the ass. Getting people to use less coal and fossil fuel would be the better start.
“We could cab it, I have it covered. As a heads up, the other guy at the Jukebox is the guy's boyfriend. They met through a little letter service,” Tony explained as he scrolled back to the picture showing them. Scrolling past a couple of pictures of her he’d taken for Demi. “He’s a teacher at that point and Steve tells his friend that they are great for each other”
“I have no idea if that would even work. But you’re seriously okay with me researching time travel while we’re watching the Doctor Who Christmas special?” Tony chuckled a little. He rubbed at the bracelet that sat just under the cuff of his hoodie sleeve.
Shuddering through the tears, Steve leaned into the bulk of Bucky’s warmth. He was not entirely sure he believed what Buck said about his ma, but he desperately hoped it was true. That she would support Steve and that she would approve of Edward. Because… there was a very real part of the blond that thought he could fall in love with the engineer. The more he knew about the man, the more in danger his heart became.
Have Jarvis give you a good, tight hug for me. And try to avoid doing anything too illegal on your birthday, honey. Remember, I cannot write to you if you get yourself tossed in the can.
“Nah, don’t you worry a bit about that. Got them this far; I should be able to get them the last little leg.” Michael paused just inside the door to toe-off his shoes before carrying the art supplies over to the kitchen table. He dropped them on top of the surface, causing the table to give something of an ominous creak. “Sweetheart, did you really need to bring all this to do a sketch or two?”
I am honestly almost afraid to pick a book. But Franklin did tell me you and him both really liked The Hobbit? I have been wanting to read it if you would not mind reading it again.
The blond licked his bottom lip, weighing his words carefully. “What if … he doesn’t really want me, though? Like. What if I really am just some distraction for him?”
Steve did not, however, let Tony see the corner of the bar where he had painted himself and his boyfriend. There was no fun in that, he figured since he would rather see the brunet react to that in person. All he mentioned was that when Tony saw it, he would have to look for the surprises Steve had left for him to find.
Finally, after what seemed like a lifetime, Tony was free. He hustled off to the manor to change into clothing more suited to walking around in the freezing 60-degree weather. (Tony was a California boy to the core.) Once wrapped up in a sweater, scarf, and peacoat, he climbed into the back of the car so Happy could drop him off at the appointed meeting place. When they finally arrived at Arthur Avenue, the brunet was out of the car before Happy could so much as shut off the car. “I’ll text you when I need a pickup,” Tony called, slamming the door shut before the man could reply.
I also want to meet Leonardo Da Vinci. And yes definitely Oscar too. That would be such a blast. I think there are more heroes waiting in the wings. We just need to give them time, Grant.
And it had dawned on him one night while elbows deep in the Shelby Cobra. The safest place to grab Steve would be from the Valkyrie. But how?
Tony was seated in the living room while Maria threw three profiles on Tony’s screens. “As a heads up, you’ve already got a pretty good boxer in your employ. Mr. Hogan was up there in college and works as a driver. You’d have built-in backup, and he’d probably appreciate the extra money,” Maria explained tapping at her water bottle. “Otherwise it’s just regular trainers that you’d have to hire through official channels.”
It was an absolutely miserable day. Everything that could have gone wrong, went wrong. From not getting picked for a job to having someone knock him into a pile of slush to having the laces of one shoe snap -
Jarvis quietly bid them all goodnight before moving to clean the kitchen, and it’s with that the evening moved down into the living room attached to Tony’s lab. Rhodey collapsed onto the well-worn couch while Pepper settled in her favourite armchair. While they poured themselves fresh glasses of wine, Tony selected the best place to mount the box on the wall, placing it above a slick metal shelf. Reaching up with a finger, he carefully flicked the flag on the mailbox down before settling the stationary kit reverently on the shelf. He brushed his fingers fondly along the edge of the box before moving to squish onto the couch with Rhodey. From his seat practically in Rhodey’s lap, Tony admired how his gifts looked in their new homes. The mailbox looked innocuous and cute, fitting in with the kind of mixture of old meets new he had in the garage.
“Yeah. The fear and the stress, even with the rescue, won’t go away. Because they have experienced it,” Tony kept his mouth shut after for a moment thinking of how many of those that were rescued had the hardest time pack bonding to newer or strange alphas and betas after the war. “Finding bonds after the war with new people would be insanely difficult.  That kind of trauma just doesn’t go away.” For some of these people, Tony realized, the only bonds they’d have are those formed out of shared trauma.
His gaze fell to the rug as they continued walking. “Edward,” he finally murmured. “He’s in Malibu for work, right now.”
First off, I have no plans of forgetting to write to you. It’s just I won’t be able to get as much ready access to the mailbox. I wanted that out of the way first because that was going to bother me. I have no plans on ignoring you; I just will have a less free schedule. After all, we have the Hobbit to read, and I love that book. I wish I did have an easier way to reach you.
“Darling you don’t even know,” Tony whispered as he read Grant’s letter. He felt a lump form in his throat about the Northern Star comment. He’d always interpreted Cap’s True North comment to be about some unattainable goal, but this... He was his punk’s unofficial moral compass. He’d have to work on maintaining that.
There was one more day of meetings and he intended to go straight home after them. Tony stared at the faded mural and finally took some pictures of his own. “Guess I’m really late aren’t I?” Tony asked the mural. He sighed and brought up his own hand where Steve Rogers in the painting was holding his. It wasn’t as if he were the Doctor and could pluck up Steve for an adventure. “You’d either talk to me about this one or you’d just talk and we’d go to Central Park and try to recreate it wouldn’t we?” Tony sighed as he strode up to the mural and looked up at the tree again. Tony traced his own initials against the wall with his fingertip. Tony drove back to the hotel and checked in with Rhodey.
“I’ve dreamed that my parents had marks on them that didn’t fit a car crash since I was six. But I don’t know if it’s a dream or something I made up.  I dreamed I looked at their bodies during the wake. That they had marks that didn’t look like they were from a car crash. But there’s nothing that documents those marks anywhere,” Tony said carefully. “It’s probably a dream but uh… Obie has said it was just me dreaming, “ Tony added as Jarvis gently held him back just far enough to look at his face.
It would take the work of a lot of people to accomplish, but I honestly think it could happen in our lifetime. For landing anyone on the moon. Especially after surviving any upcoming war okay Sunshine? Have you seen how quickly things have been advancing already? It’s amazing.
Your gift… Honestly, Eddie, how much work did that take? It is amazing! I cannot believe you and Maria would take the time to do that for me. It is so easy to follow. When I show Franklin, he will be absolutely gobsmacked. He and I can try to learn all those moves; might mean a couple less black eyes and broken noses between the pair of us. Seriously, be sure Maria knows my gratitude too. I could kiss you both.
Tony took a few notes on the paper about the nearest equivalents to his work. Weapons work was true, and working on communication devices. He was going to have to leave Friday out so far. She was a little too advanced to be talking about yet.
“So just, what would we do exactly when we reach my place or the hotel - wherever we’re planning on stopping?” Hallie asked with a healthy note of suspicion. He couldn’t blame her; it was a weird offer.
The boyish woman gave him a devilish smirk. “I should hope so. Question your taste if you hadn’t, hun.”
By the time Tony returned, Ty and the others had broken out their brightly coloured little pills. One of the women was even doing a line off the table - or trying to. She kept giggling, causing the drugs to blow across the table. Ty quickly took his drink, when Tony passed it over, before pulling the brunet down beside him. "Thanks, sweetness." He took a slow slip before smacking his lips. "Come on, pet. Share one with me." Ty gave the bottle of pills a little wiggle before popping one into his mouth. He then leaned in and began kissing Tony, tongue moving to breach his lips.
Opening the package, Steve laughed as the mess of tools and wires poured out over his lap. “I told Eddie I wanted to work with new mediums. Particularly copper and stuff. Guess he had a bit of fun figurin’ out how to make that happen.” He held up a bundle of wire and gave it a wiggle. “Looks like I got somethin’ to keep me busy over the summer. Can try some of the techniques Penny was showing me a couple months ago.”
Another date, another dollar, Tony thought nonsensically as he stumbled out of bed. He guided himself down the stairs and looked over as Jarvis was reading a tablet. "There's coffee in the pot, and Ms Hill is on her third cup already.  She is an interesting running companion when you awaken early enough," Jarvis mused as Tony poured himself a mug.
“Okay… time to get down,” Tony muttered out loud as he looked at the ground. He reached the controller for the rig and let it set him down gently. Once the harness was stripped off, he carefully set it back on its hook. Then, sauntering over to the couch, he settled himself back down on the cushions to doodle. On one screen, Tony began pulling up reference photos for Katherine Hepburn while searching for eyebrows on another. Finding some good ones, he pulled them up to a bigger size and began to doodle the woman as a witch. She was, of course, cursing Sir Grant with different eyebrows in each frame.
Tony sent it with a doodle of a cartoon tiger stretched out in a cage with its toes all splayed and bored out of its mind.
Tony set the envelope inside Ana’s writing box, tucking it safely in the empty compartment intended to hold unresponded to letters. He thoughtfully traced the edge of the envelope before closing the lid, tapping it lightly. Maybe, maybe he would ask Jarvis how to write with a nib like that. His gaze rose to the mailbox. It seemed innocuous, sitting there with its lid up and flag high. “It was a cute trick,” he mumbled at last, reaching up to lay the flag down once more. Making a last-minute decision, he opened Ana’s box and grabbed the pen. He then went upstairs, hunting for Jarvis. For a moment, as he was about to leave, Tony could swear he heard the flag move, but that was ridiculous. Probably just a trick of the mind. He shook his head before going up the stairs.
“I’m sorry…” It was very rarely that Tony ever apologised for his actions, but now he was overwhelmed by pure embarrassment. But knowing Steve actually kissed him back, that… That confused him. Did Steve really feel the same way about him?
Steve was on the ground, Norman with his head turned toward him. “Get up, soldier.” He ordered. “You have work to do. Once you’re done here I expect you to go and find the others that are rebelling, just like this one, and destroy them.”
“Well, Mr. Rogers, we have to get to the next joint and save the feline in distress,” he deflected, thinking perhaps he’d said too much.
been. But fine, I’ll get him down here.” The last few words escaped as a hesitant growl. Tony reached into his pocket for his phone and texted Steve, but when he didn’t receive a reply, he decided to tell the others that he would fetch him himself. Worried to say the least, Tony made his way toward Steve’s room where he presumed the captain was.
Quickly, Tony cupped his hand around her, drawing her out before she returned to her full size. The shock was too much for her small frame and with that she was unconscious.
“Shellhead, where did that come from? I thought I…” He winced as they tried to walk together. “…I thought I heard you say that… Over the comm, last battle...”
burning him. The damage to his nerves meant that he felt no pain, even though his skin would shrink and recede the more that the sun hit him.
“No—I mean… Holy smokes…” Steve pointed to the tips of Tony’s jacket that was trailing with smoke, leaving streams whenever Tony tried to swivel around to take a look.
Tony noticed Steve’s shudder and removed his jacket, placing it around his much more broad shoulders, but it did the job, wrapping an arm around him and brushing his cheek to the round of those beautifully muscular shoulders to keep himself warm.
Steve’s lips turned from worry to the warmest expression he’d felt in a while, his face actually hurting from smiling so much that day. “Good night, Tony.”
Even Tony’s words seemed hollow at this point to a man that had resigned himself to his fate, lost in profound confusion.
“I hate to ruin the moment guys but we’re being hunted like rats here, my webbing can only hold up for so long.”
“Don’t preach to me.” Tony snapped. He’d hated religion for a while. He was accepting of others beliefs but when people tried to push them on him, that’s when he started to get agitated.
Tony stretched his arms out until he heard that distinct crack of each knuckle and then mirrored the motion with his leg. He wiggled one toe after the other and then rubbed his eyes once more with the side of his hand.
“What you have on you is Oscorp tech. After your factories went down, medical facilities became reliant on the closest benefactor. With Doom too preoccupied with looking after his own people, and Baintronics far too focused on veering away from anything remotely helpful, Norman decided to step up to the plate again.”
Steve’s azure orbs did exactly the same as Tony’s light browns did; they widened, stretched open as they caught sight of the mansion. Tony’s slow pace switched to a sprint as he darted toward the gates, his hands wrapping around the signature gold they were painted with. He pulled away from Steve at that single moment, just to stare in pure horror at the Avengers mansion that was still ablaze. Dark smoke flew from the rooftop, shards of glass were scattered across the lawn, bricks that once built the mansion were now piles of broken slabs.
“What if I continue to believe you? Hang off every word you say?” He asked, knowing for well it was easier said than done.
Tony’s body was entirely numb, and he felt Steve rising closer, again only inches away from his lips.
Steve was back in the room that he had started in with the strange dark shadows fading back and retreating into Tony’s shadowy wings. It was as though he had never left; Tony was in the same spot and was staring at him with exactly the same expression as he was before the trip. The truth was that he was overwhelmed by what he had just witnessed – seeing him being manhandled like that, and it clearly wasn’t the first time either. It caused his body to quake in sadness just thinking about it. This was Tony’s past, something that he had been hiding and after this, it was made apparent why. Steve wouldn’t want to relive anything like that, that’s why he kept his past to himself too. He did know his fair share about abusive parents too; his father was extremely abusive toward his mother, in fact, that was one of the reasons that he wanted to grow up to protect people, to protect them against abuse, against bullying.
Steve scooted closer, making sure he was in the frame, looking up and spotting how Tony was beaming a toothy, pearly white grin. It made him laugh, it was strangely contagious and the moment he cracked more of a relaxed smile Tony seized the opportunity to snap the photo, pulling back to show Steve with both of them at a strange angle, but it still made a good photo.
“We had our differences. But he’s left me a company; I’ve lost it and built it back up, from scratch. This company is mine now, not my fathers. And I aim to make the world better in the future, as long away as that may be. But you know what they say, there’s no real catching the future.”
It was hard to get a proper view of him, but there was a strange tint to Taskmaster’s eye colour. His iris seemed outlined with purple, which did indeed pull at Steve’s need to investigate, but he couldn’t tell at this point whether it was just his vision failing him. After all, the skies above seemed to be painted with the same purple; the grey of the clouds appeared more violet, some with outlines of indigo. It was difficult to draw conclusions, but Steve had a resounding sense of déjà vu ring through him, but he didn’t have time to linger. Just as he was buried in a moment of thought Taskmaster ran at him with a full fist, which Steve quite easily sidestepped before knocking him down, giving him the last blow; striking an elbow to the back of the head to send himto the ground like a fallen dummy.
Zola had gotten much smarter since their last encounter and even more merciless. The last time they’d met in his own dimension, Zola had managed to surgically plant himself into Steve’s body, using a large gaping hole in his chest – but that, as Zola had said, was long ago.
“Dinner tonight…? I don’t remember planning a di--” He cut himself off and his eyes widened. His hand scrambled around for the clock and he picked it up, clumsily positioning it in his palm before he stared at the date. “25
Maybe you could tell me about yourself? I understand if you cannot tell me much, as we have to observe a certain level of secrecy. But I am hoping you will at least write to me. If only so I do not feel so alone.
"I have been recruited by an agency. It doesn't pay half as well as you do. Nor does it have half the benefits.  But it would let me eventually be the leader of a unit again.  I am putting in my two weeks of notice.  I can make some suggestions for you about how you can best practice.  Who you can hire for security.  Unless answering your phone calls would put me in direct danger, I will always answer. "
Sorry if that was really dark. But as for that last question how I knew I had things in common with Oscar. There’s this person my grandfather helped whose legacy kind of shaped things for our family. I’d found paintings of him, and he was one of the most beautiful people I’d ever seen. And then I learned more. He was brave, he was loyal, clever, stubborn as hell. He was everything I didn’t think I’d deserve in a person who could like me. The thing was, I could never meet him. He died long before I was born. History says he liked women anyway. Not a single hint of any other preferences. Guess I’m lucky like that.
“He’s been in California for work,” the blond said simply. “He’s an engineer, and that is where his firm has him working. But we write as often as we can.”
Stepping out into the hall, Lee eyed the blond. “Want to borrow my rain slicker and umbrella? You look just about fit to run out the door without so much as a hat.”
“Electronics, weapons, vehicles, I’ve been taking things apart and putting them back together since I was a kid,” Tony answered calmly. “Making things, and fixing them it’s how I put myself back together.”
“He’d have to be, to keep a job like that with the economy bein’ what it is,” Bucky agreed. “What else he say?”
Steve shot him a small smile. “You sound a lot like me when I was small. Except art instead of engineering. The number of times I’d borrow an art book, study it, and slip it back into the shop… Bucky would kill me if he knew.”
“Yes, “Tony sighed as his back finally started numbing. “I sometimes think he’s trying to be a little punk vigilante. But ends up getting his ass kicked a lot. He’s also the one that likes the vintage-looking pictures. What are you thinking about?” Tony asked as Maria looked over at the darkroom.
Tony proclaimed his delight over the gifts in a quick note and stared a long time at the drawing of the raven. There was definitely something of him in it; the proud smartass in him that got in prank wars with Rhodey. And he was in awe of how Steve nailed his aesthetics in the designs and patterns on that watch. Tony wanted to keep it, wanted to make it permanent. But most of all, he wanted to show off how one of his favourite people recognized him in such a great way. Which sparked an idea. He could make the bird and the watch permanent, if he wanted to. Tony vaguely recalled some advice he’d chanced upon. If you want a tattoo wait six months, if you still want it in six months get it. Besides, a tattoo would be a great Christmas present to himself, plus maybe he could make that watch real.
Tony let his eyes drag along Grant’s shoulders, where his wiry arms plunged under the pillow. He was thin yes, Tony could practically sense just how much even Jarvis would want to feed the little beanpole. But there was a beauty in his form. The brunet wanted to crawl in the tiny bed and help Grant slide back on top of him, just hold the blond against his chest. Everything about the sketch filled Tony with conflicting feelings. He wanted to show off this picture; he also wanted to hide it away so no one ever saw it. So that nothing could ever come to hurt the blond. Especially since Grant was both all sharp edges and miraculously so soft and relaxed. And there were going to be more pictures like this?
“Ah yes. The true family shots. Ana would probably have gotten a kick out of Maria. They both garden. Or at least Maria aspires to.” Jarvis chuckled softly as he slowly moved to the kitchen.
But, I have taken to heart your advice about Maria. I cannot encourage her in person, as I am on the opposite side of the country. Instead, I have included a drawing she might like. I based it on a story from one of the books in the library about this poet named Sappho and the lady she admired. I felt like it suited Maria, and I hope she likes it. Sometimes all it takes is courage to see a future with someone and act on it, you know?
I bothered to avoid the mistletoe because the context of the events means it was a lot of people I have dealt with prior. Also because that kind of proximity with the sort of possible revelations of last year has made me leery of putting myself bodily near that many people. I’ve become leery of people directly handing me things - even packages and letters - because my brain quickly conjures up the gruesome image of something exploding or being poisoned or tampered with. But Pendragon’s friends I imagine wouldn’t know much about those sort of things, so I might not flee out the window with them.
Steve rubbed a hand over his face. “Not really.” While he had been willing to stand his ground, he knew that if George had escalated the situation there would be trouble. After all, the older man was much bigger than Steve.
The rest of the evening went by in a mellow mix of liquor, conversation, and half-formed ideas that lingered in the morning as half-drawn blueprints. Tony remembered Pepper placing a hand on his and Rhodey’s shoulders before making her drive home as the first fingers of dawn split the sky.
Once Steve was seated on the bed, the sheet strategically pulled over his lap, he raised an eyebrow at Arnie. “Okay. What now?”
And thank you for helping me imagine a future where people like us could get married. Where they could adopt. That would be more amazing than I have words for. Honest, I have hope that the world will someday be ready for that. Imagine how many children will be in good homes, then. And how many families that will build. Sure, they might not all be perfect, but it would be more honest. More real. I would move heaven and earth to make that happen.
“Boyfriend and good. We’re getting into summer, so the seasonal depression he gets is improving and he’s out working on murals,” Tony grinned “I’m making a bot so I can write letters by sort-of-hand from anywhere. I’ve also just realized I should probably keep the tech for myself. If I include a routine that in any way records what I’m writing, that could become a forgery bot pretty quick.”
A frown worked its way across the thin lines of Steve’s face. “I think that’s for me to decide and not you, George. And even if I did not have a fella, it should be enough for you that I am not interested. I respect you as an editor, and I like to consider you a friend. But if you aren’t willing to abide by that, then that’ll be that.”
After a short nap, Steve finally sat curled up in the windowsill. The rain had come back, washing out the streets into a grey haze. He had wrapped a quilt tightly around his body, just to protect his chest from the chill in the air, as he considered the blank page. Somehow, it was even harder to write Edward after acknowledging the way his feelings kept bubbling up stronger and stronger. But, he had to try.
Pyrone: This is one of my favourite chapters so far. That during our editing kept getting pushed further ahead. Until now. I was just so excited for Anna to finally read it. And then more people to read it
Jarvis nodded and took his own swallow. “If he catches on you surely won’t be safe. It may be wise to further expand on the self-defence courses that your parents had you take. But that’s going to be a balancing act since you must make sure he doesn’t think you believe he’s a danger. Maybe Rhodes could be amenable to teaching you some,” Jarvis mused.
“I guess so…” There was an awkward silence between the two. Steve’s  long fingertips drummed the steering wheel. “I suppose we should head back to the station then, fill out some reports.” If there was one thing worse than kitten duty it was being a desk jockey – sitting indoors and filling out reports all day.
!?” Norman moved his foot, stamping down hard on Tony’s hand, causing the man to yelp with pain, his head falling back. “So easy. If I’d known that you were alive I would’ve hunted you down sooner, made you join their ranks. But actually, now that you mention it, this is much more fun. You can watch now, you can watch every single one of them turn into my minions. At first, I wanted to destroy them; I wanted to kill them all so I weeded out the heroes one by one with my berserkers – my mobs of humans. And these were the prime specimens, the ones that survived the rat race. Survival of the fittest, as always, you should be well acquainted with that phrase by now. In some cases I didn’t even need to do any of the work, they would just kill and turn on each other, which was what I was hoping, would happen to you. Alas, you squirmed your way through the cracks like the maggot that you are.”
Zola crashed to the ground with Tony on top of him, before he could escape from his body Tony was quickly trying to use Extremis to access any sort of system override so he could try and prevent him from doing so, a firewall of sorts, anything to make sure he didn’t escape that easily. Frankly, he’d had enough of dealing with the same lowlifes that were plaguing him and his friends and having Steve taken from him struck a chord in more ways than one. Steve was something special to Tony and always had been, despite their arguments and fallouts which only in the end fortified their bond, meaning that Steve would always have a place with him, and Tony would be extremely offended if anyone so much as touched a hair on the super-soldiers head.
Tony pulled at the flesh that he had between his teeth and stared up at Steve, the tendrils of blood dripping from his mouth as he feasted upon the poor innocent soul that they were ripping apart. The taste returned to him, that sensation and buzz he felt from the kill, and reached for the part he craved the most; the heart. Before he managed to get there Steve punched his hands through the ribs and yanked out the heart as he’d done before, taking a bite into it himself. Tony let a guttural growl escape the back of his throat and pushed himself closer, biting into the exposed side of the heart while Steve ate too. They both shared the heart together, eating with such joy.
As soon as it was said, Steve realised that Thor was right, there wasn’t a window in sight. This entire room was blocked off and sealed in like some sort of metal container. Now they were surrounded by nothing but artificial light, again lit with that indigo hue that resembled that of the factory right at the start of this whole mess. Tony cringed at the memory, and Steve could feel Tony’s apprehension, his hand rising to rest on Tony’s shoulder to reassure him that he was there this time without words needed.
He relaxed for a moment, catching his breath and trying to recuperate just for a second, needing to with his injuries and broken armour.
Panic attacks were a frequent thing that Tony had learned to handle, but this was a guilt-ridden panic that was seizing his entire body. It felt like a clamp on his heart, it felt as though something was gripping at his lungs and stopping him from breathing.
“Talk about a broken record,” Clint commented the second he slid out of his car, cocking his gun and targeting it at the huge robot.
“Did you really say dillydally? Like honestly? That sounds something out of an awful show from the 40’s.”
His eyes shot open and his lungs flooded with oxygen when he gasped, air with the faint taste of ash and dirt tingling his reawakened taste buds. The air was thick, and it felt like it had to be forced down his lungs to be processed. Tony’s mouth was still agape as the blurry images that flashed before him took a while to form into shapes. Eventually, the silhouette of the bald dark skinned man became clearer. As always, that one-eyed glare bored into his soul. He choked on the thickness of the air, sitting up and hacking heavily, eyes shutting with the sheer force.
Steve hadn’t posed for a while, but he smiled, a little awkwardly. It was a close-mouthed upward tilt of lips and with a snap; Tony took the picture, looking at it triumphantly on his phone.
There were enough possessions to fill a small box no bigger than a dinner plate, and that was it. A few pictures that were torn and tattered, clothes that Steve had been wearing, a couple of coins and a journal that was water stained and damaged so much that the pages were nothing but a flimsy mess. Tony felt pity for him, to lose everything like that, to be left with so little. He’d felt it before, when his company had been taken over by Obadiah, when he had lost it all and hit rock bottom, he had been left with little to nothing. And now to see someone that he had a strong hero worship for (but attempted to dull it down to respect) looking so broken brought an unfathomable dull strike to his chest. He was never one to leave someone else in a state either. “Captain Rogers.”
“Tony…” he muttered again, raising his head to look at the man. Tony’s expression softened and he placed his hand on the back of Steve’s head, huddling close as he took slow steps, the super soldiers armoured legs still dragging on the floor, only because he was an inch taller, and very heavy.
“I’m not talking nonsense I’m telling you the truth.” He said, getting up and placing his hands on Tony’s shoulders to hold him still, staring into his eyes again. His palms rested on Tony’s bare shoulders, feeling how warm his skin was.
“Uh, it’s back in the kitchen-” Anya was cut off when Tony bolted up, still with the blanket wrapped around him, nearly tripping over it but in a frantic mess he ran back to get all the food that was collected on the table and then dashed back down as quickly as he could, not even bothering to take the elevator but running down the stairs and stumbling a few times before finally making to the lager bolted doors that stood in his way. He heard the gentle metallic click of hidden machinery after the beam of blue had met his iris, his pupil constricting then dilating to the light. Another loud sound was heard after the retinal scan was complete and the set of doors and panels shifted aside to reveal the medical bay that he had now adopted as his second lab for the time being.
“Yeah, she’s got me. Don’t worry, Steve!” The only thing that Tony could think about was the fact that Steve worried about him. It wasn’t being scared of him, it was genuine worry and care; he could see it from that soft look in his eyes. Again with that loud drumming in his chest, he tapped it a few times to make sure that his reactor hadn’t malfunctioned yet again, then turned to watch Steve walking up his stoop.
To honour his fallen companion, he asked the other to repair Tony’s armour for him and he replaced his augmentations with Tony’s, as well as the red and gold slicked armour, that was refined to the standard Tony once had. He wanted part of him with him forever, and with Tony deeply embedded into his heart, he felt that he would always be with him. The armour was just a show of his loyalty to the man; his legs and arms were Tony’s, his chest was the bright star powered reactor. The Captain wanted to show that Tony was part of this team, and no matter what, he always would be. So he stood representing him, he stood representing the saviour of this world with pride and valour. He was now the leader of the Avengers, the sole leader, the guardian of the city and of the world.
Then that pain returned and he winced. “T-tony… Can you get me some more food, anything, I need to eat.” His mother always used to say food was a cure, but then again he wasn’t sure whether his mother was just trying to get him to eat more since he was so skinny and sickly.
“Kitten duty…” Everyone knew what that meant, Steve especially. Back in Brooklyn they’d assign kitten duty to newbies or cops that they thought weren’t fit enough to do the job to find lost cats or go to owners who reported their cats missing, sometimes even rescue them from trees if the firemen were too busy. It was a simple job that no cop wanted, but had to be done.
Eye augmentations were attached optical nerve, sending an image through neural pathways the same way as eyes do to the brain, but what if there was some sort of interception? Tony’s new theory was that the eye that Carol was using was not only projecting images to herself, but to a third party, essentially she was being used as security camera. That begs the question why she wasn’t hunted down earlier but Tony quickly dismissed that question the moment that he’d formed another answer with his rapid mind set; she was being used as a spy.
“Apparently there’s huge similarities to the detectives old robot work in it, got the light in its chest and all, only this one’s green instead of blue.”
Steve was scoping the room while Tony was locked in a banter battle with the strange floating head. The room was huge, a laboratory of sorts that in a way reminded him of Tony’s, only this one was soaked in crimson lighting which gave it much more of an ominous vibe. Spills of black oil were covering the large metal sheets where it was clear that robot bodies once lay. Tools littered the station; honestly it wasn’t the neatest lab that Steve had ever encountered. Even with all of the clutter he spotted something sitting in the corner; a huge green button that was clearly an on-off switch, and was currently lit up which must have meant that it was on.
The truth was that Tony had never been complimented like that by a partner of his with such a genuine kindness. There was a loud drum in his chest that grabbed the attention of Carol and Steve, looking at him curiously before he tapped over the centre of his chest and attempted a smile to deflect their attention.
“The gas – people that inhaled it… Well, they started to deteriorate, some faster than others. More explosions started happening around the city, then around the world, now it’s practically part of the atmosphere. It causes a neural breakdown, the only way to stop it is this chip. The chip contains a small pulse that’ll push the toxin away, it has to be active.”
That explained the giant rockets and missiles that Steve had noticed on the screen. Part of him wondered whether Tony was capable of such destruction, the thought did cross his mind but he quickly shoved it to the back of his thoughts where it belonged; Tony was a gentle soul, a kind man who wanted nothing more than to help others. He’d made that apparent a number of times.
Steve seemed gentle, his expression was soft, something that Tony rarely saw outside of their own personal meetings, in fact, the more he thought about it, the more he realised how light hearted Steve was around him and only him. Of course, Steve was one to always follow his heart despite the consequences. He knelt down by the bed and took Tony’s foot, frowning at the injury.
“His body is…” Hank said in astonishment. “…It’s attacking the new blood, the serum isn’t surviving…”
Tony didn’t reply, then moved, the purple light giving Steve a better view of the damage; Tony’s entire arm was missing, his left arm was severed from the shoulder down with only segments of his shoulder armour left hanging from it.
“I told you, I’ve touched your wings, I witnessed it…” Steve replied sadly, rubbing his hand down Tony’s well-built arm slowly. Steve’s wings fanned out again before wrapping around Tony too, and it was then that the billionaire felt a strange warmth surge through his body. These strange rays of light were wrapping around him, which wasn’t physically possible for a start, and they were making him feel at ease, relaxed, they were soothing him.
Fury paced the room filled with mechanics and machines, chrome being the colour of resonance in the enclosed space that all the lab coats were busy scurrying about in. His single eye darting from screen to screen in some attempt to gauge the situation; they had just found and identified the man that was found encased in Arctic ice. It was the one and only Captain America, but not everything was in order, well, not as much as Fury wanted it to be.
There was just so much to look at, it was hard to keep his eyes on just the man that approached them, smiling at Steve before he tried to brush an oil stain off his lab coat, though he only made it look worse.
Zola let out a mechanical sounding laugh. “This was far from easy… To engineer a virus that is even capable of taking you down. You and your team have gotten in my way far too often…” Zola’s hands reached for another chemical, pouring it into a small container of blue liquid which instantly flowered into a vivid fluorescent purple.
“We didn’t cause those, are you absurd? Why would we get ourselves killed trying to stop these things! Why would we be the cause of it!”
“It’s… Okay?” That sounded more confused than anything. “I mean I’d rather be driving myself!” Steve spoke loudly to try and be heard over the loud, purring engine.
Tony closed the door, staying outside for a couple of moments. It felt good to see Steve, and he seemed to be well integrated so far, but he didn’t want to speak too soon. With a heavy sigh he retired to the lab and did as he said he would.
He was so needy and there was no denying it, but Steve was just the same. Years of built up tension and this was the result, hot, passionate lovemaking.
Tony sighed for a moment. He regarded Steve, observing the sluggish movements and hearing the dark groans that persisted. “When we
They had walked up to the huge golden gates that were ridiculously embossed. Overly decedent was the first thing that had sprung to mind when Steve had paced through the thick vintage looking mahogany doors into the marble walled hallway, stepping over a red velvet carpet which looked like it belonged in Hollywood. It was almost a sin to tread on it, but it covered the entire lengthy hallway from the foyer onwards. He was taken from room to room, shown all of the different facilities that were available. Apparently others lived here, but there was absolutely no sign of them.
He had a foul taste in his mouth. It certainly wasn’t because of the bourbon that he had uncorked when he was talking to Matt – no, this was the taste of betrayal, of wholly ungrateful mortals trying to oppose his will.  He was being hunted as though he were common vermin by the others. Steve was an old man, ever trying to be the voice of justice and reason and Tony was sick of it. It was his opinion that bitterness and a heavy grudge dictated Steve’s reasoning these days. He hated to say that when he was battling Steve and Steve’s ‘son’ (Zola’s creation), he could actually feel his heart aching. The moment he fired his repulsors at Steve and watched him fly back, even with that armour on, he could see the agony in the old man’s face. A man he’d once considered his hero was now openly opposing him, and it certainly wasn’t the first time that had happened; throughout Civil War Tony aimed to do nothing but help the world. He wanted to help his friends and create a better world for the future by writing up a legislation that he genuinely thought would help others, but in the end brought about nothing but trouble. Then there was the recent fight, where Tony had to give Stephen Strange the consenting nod, after Steve disagreed with their approach to the incursions, to wipe his mind of every single day he had spent working alongside the Illuminati. Of course the past had an awful way of creeping up on him, and sooner or later Steve’s memories returned only for Tony to suffer for his lies and ‘betrayal’ by receiving a solid wallop in the jaw from the Captain, and then a torrent of yelling and shouting. Each time they had fought it had torn at his heart even more. He just wanted them to get along, he wanted Steve (the man that he had loved for so long) to finally see that he was doing the right thing, that he was going to make the world safer and that he would do everything in his path to create the ideal world. But Steve refused to see anything from Tony’s perspective. Their constant arguments and bickering, from small scale domestics to larger quarrels that involved other team members  had broken and worn him down until he was a beaten man just goading Steve during their last fight, lying and saying that he would ‘do it again’. That was Tony’s lowest point, a point where he had become a glutton for punishment. But every phoenix had a point where they would burn out, and this, the new rebirth of the old Tony Stark with his superior armour was his comeuppance.
The call attracted attention and then before they knew it the dark closet was flooded with light. Tony groaned and ducked his face into the crook of Steve’s neck.
Steve shook his head, “Your kind were the cause of this. Because of you, thousands are suffering from neural illnesses, thousands are dependent on augmentation. Our Supreme Leader is the one who has managed to fix us, to be our saviour, to protect us by destroying heroes.”
Steve’s body rubbed against Tony’s, their bare and muscular bodies. Steve’s hands couldn’t get enough of Tony’s beautifully olive skin and how heated it felt up against his own particularly when his palms flattened over each dip of Tony’s defined abdomen which he found particularly and inexplicably attractive, but the thin fabric of Tony’s briefs, and Steve’s boxers meant that he could feel
“Well, Tony is right. Police regulatory rules state nothing of the colour or accessories that are attached to the car, so long as it bears the crest of our police force and meets the speed requirements which this new model apparently surpasses, by far.” Reed stated from his corner. “Though, you must be a good driver, Mr. Rogers, I know Tony wouldn’t trust anyone with fast vehicles after… The accident.”
Both Tony and Steve turned their heads away, attempting to hide a faint blush that tainted both of their cheeks. Natasha cleared her throat and gestured to the elevator numbers that were flashing, meaning that they were quickly approaching the top floor.
“Steve…” Tony whispered, tilting his head back, biting his lower lip. He couldn’t get enough of the feeling that was running through his body when Steve was paying full attention to him like that in such a confined space. The heat of the coat closet they were hiding in just added to the excitement of it all. His muscle rippled and tightens under the firm and sensual hands of the super soldier as they ran up and down Tony’s exposed chest, his red dress shirt hanging wide open.
The main computers were easy to access especially since he’d recognised the numbers on the screen. They were the same passcode as the reception desk, and after typing the familiar string of numbers into the system he had managed to log in. They both stared at the screen with anticipation, wondering if they would finally get answers as to what was behind this and how to destroy it, as well as the name of this supreme leader. All he knew right now was that they’d managed to get the bad guys to work with them. So it must’ve been some new conglomerate where they were all compiled into one.
The rest of them were in agreement, and even though Bruce sat there with his arms folded and head down, he agreed. Much like Clint, he wasn’t too keen on working in a team; in fact, he thought it was best if he stayed away from humanity as a whole, given the unpredictable nature of his condition, but spending more time with the Avengers had allowed him to learn more about himself, to have that support that he hadn’t had in so many years, to have a family. As distant as he may have appeared, Bruce had grown surprisingly attached to his team of Avengers.
Steve took a closer look at the keys so he could see what number his car would be, each police car had a 3 digit number that was usually on the top of it, the one assigned to him was car ‘616’. He made a mental note and headed out with Tony, catching the others glancing at them from afar, making their comments about ‘the detective’ and a few whispering good luck to Steve along the way. Truth be told, he was still trying to figure out what exactly had happened in the office and wondered if he’d had one too many cups of coffee; maybe the excitement was making him delusional.
JARVIS barked judgmentally and led them straight to the door at the end of the hallway, Tony brushing Steve off and laughing nervously before leading the way and whistling innocently as though nothing had happened. Steve was still in shock, but took a deep breath to get his head back in the game.
“No, Steve, listen. You’re Steve Rogers, just a second ago you gave me mouth to mouth and punched me then hugged me; okay, that may not make sense, but this isn’t you. You’re not going to kill me!”
The woman who had Jessica in her hands flung the dark haired woman toward Carol, causing them to collapse in a heap but the man wasn’t done. In fact, the woman wasn’t done either. Whilst Tony was firing shot after shot at the two, alternating from hand to hand, having to endure the prolonged power up time which he made a mental note of investigating later. Tony glanced over his shoulder to check on the boy who was standing with his legs shoulder length apart, trying to make a webbed barrier that was being ripped through by the fingertips of these berserkers.
Tony’s eyes were still shifting from purple to light brown. The grunts from the man behind his clenched teeth, sounds escaping from the back of his throat.
Tony burst out into the hot rays with his thrusters leaving blue streaks in the air behind him. The sun brought a little more colour to Steve’s face, much to his relief. He had never clutched onto anything so preciously, holding Steve throughout their journey back to base as if he were a porcelain doll. “We’ll get you home…” He repeated aloud as though it were a mantra as the setting sun cast blood orange glow in the sky that they soared through together.
The next chapter is one that if you are on the POTS server, you would have seen me lament and groan about it there.
But the surest sign of Steve’s love came in the mural he did at the end of the summer. It was one of the only murals to survive to the 21st century, aside from the jazz mural inside the Carlyle and the diner on Arthur Avenue. Tony would not find out about that love, though, until he had to return to New York for a mandatory board meeting in October 2008. He sat through the meeting with Obie and the rest of the board, agonizing over every minute spent wasting his time listening to them prattle on. It was everything he could do to not check his watch, knowing that his appointment with a local art historian was creeping nearer and nearer.
And Franklin can also confirm that I am an absolute octopus in my sleep. When we were kids, he would always wake up with me curled so tight around him he could not escape to go to the bathroom. Now that I am so much smaller than him, I tend to fall asleep on top of him in a subconscious desire to keep him pinned down. I can only imagine how many times worse it would be with you. Once I get my arms around you, I am not going to want to let go.
Bucky hesitated a moment before grabbing his kit and passing them both over. “You work with weapons a lot?” he opted to ask, rather than asking what was really on his mind.
So, rather than the lavish, brutal party from the year before, Tony settled on celebrating his birthday with a more intimate get-together. Just him, Rhodey, Pepper, and Jarvis. The way it was meant to be, except for the still painful absence of Ana at Jarvis’ side. Two years later, and the grief still felt so raw.
I mean, if a few of the models do want to go at it… I’m actually not sure if I’d want to. But we’d talk. Or at least just figure out a deal for appearances, because that’s what this stunt is about. Once I figure out how to get Obie out of the company and my life, in a position where nothing he says holds any leverage over me, there are going to be changes made, sunshine.
“Then I wish you luck,” Jarvis smiled then chuckled. “Perhaps he’ll end up like Jack, fixed point and all.”
Bucky raised an eyebrow at the omega. First, because he had used the sort of language most didn’t, and second because of his ingenuity. “That so, huh? Not the usual sort of skills we see during rescues.”
You cannot just call me that out of nothing. I made the most ungodly sound, and Franklin thought I was dying. Honestly, so did I. My heart just about beat itself out of my chest it got going so fast. Hope you will not mind that I kissed all over a page for you. Just imagine that is your face because that is exactly how many kisses I would have to give you if you ever said that to me in person.
“Aw, honeybear, you brought me something?” Tony immediately moved to snoop at the package; his fingers got smacked when he tried to peek between the folds of the wrapping paper. “Ouch! But it’s mine! I want to see what you brought me.” He affected his best pout, which earned him Rhodey’s infamous blank stare.
Setting up his camera, the man lined up the shot. “Just like that is perfect. Hold still a minute …. And perfect!” Covering the lens, he beamed at Steve. “You look just like I wanted. Say, who are the flowers for?”
“Should be. Gabe and Morita are probably the only ones there, and Gabe might cuddle you is all. Unless you hide in my bedroll.” Steve shrugged. “Plus, since you’re American, you’re a bit more our direct responsibility. We will need to get you back to your CO.”
Tony slipped a sketch of Jarvis - done in a lot of heavy angles, to look sort of like a robot with a J in the corner with the letter - along with the funds into the envelope. Two dollars in a few quarters and some nickels were folded up in paper to keep from being immediately obvious in case the mailbox was accessible by other people who needed money. The man looked down at the envelope and sighed, closing it. Into the mailbox it went.
I’d love to visit you like that. All of it. Making a day of it. Meeting the people near and dear to you. Eating damn good food, and yes carting you off to myself for a while to chat. I’m going to hold that dream to myself for a long while.  I want to talk to you - want it with my whole soul - but the fact Obie is a threat is not something I want near any of you.
Pausing in his work, Bucky braced his hands on the edge of the tub and smiled at his best friend. “Yeah, I can do that. And I’ll make sure it gets to the mailbox before my shift. Promise.”
The alpha looked closely at the shorter man. “Will … you recover from your time here? Did they hurt you?” Pure concern laced his voice as instincts to protect and comfort surged. There was something about Tony - about his eyes, about his scent - that called to him.
If you want to think I am gorgeous, I suppose I cannot stop you. But I can start to question your taste. I bet you are the type to wear garish suits and ridiculous accessories, like some sort of flashy peacock. In fact, I could see you strutting around in a purple suit, swanning around like you owned the place. Then again, maybe you do own the place. Seems your style.
“That’s very kind of her. Would I have seen your work anywhere?” Tony asked with a little grin. At least he was hitting things on the wish list of questions he’d ask Steve Rogers list he’d made ages ago. High school Tony was having a party, he was finally at least hitting the g rated questions he’d wanted to ask. Lord help him if he ever got to the R-rated ones.
"The thing is, depending on how you're attacked, you might not have a standard weapon. Sometimes grabbing the nearest thing and making it a weapon is the best thing you can do. But I think you know this better than most of the people I've trained. Equipment fails. If there's an ambush, chances are it won't be Stark weapons that fall. Or, if they are, it would be because they haven't been taken good care of," Maria told him over an earpiece as he walked around in the middle of a field. She had declared the best way to help prepare Tony for some situations was to throw him into the proverbial deep end. For instance, tactical simulation with airsoft weapons.
Tony first mentally answered Grant’s question with: That I trust a person, whose face I have never seen, from the 40s more with my innermost thoughts and my sexuality almost as much as my best friend? Which probably illustrated something fundamentally wrong with Tony that he did not quite understand about himself. Tony thought about that after he finished the letter.
Sounds like you had a good day with Franklin.  God his ma must be wondering just what the hell is going on with you two. Especially with you having a black eye.
“Be honest, Steve. Or at least .. I don’t know. Give him an opening for that conversation. I know you don’t have much experience with relationships, but you say he has. So you could try signalling your interest a little stronger?” Michael knew it was not the best option - not nearly so much as just being upfront about how you felt - but he also knew Steve’s stubbornness. He had to work out for himself how he was going to let Eddie know he was interested in more. The man just hoped Steve would do it soon because even he was getting sick of all the pining..and he had only known Steve for a couple of months.
"It was that or be a soldier and get drafted into making weapons. I would rather use my skills out there. And also the only way to try to investigate one of their power sources because logistically I don't know how it does it." Tony explained.
My first assignment is on the side of a grocery store over in the Bronx. I am thinking of doing a scene from a diner I like to frequent with Franklin, when we have the money for it. But instead of the usual patrons painting in people I know. Maybe some of your friends. I have included a sketch of Pendragon and Michael, plus one I am thinking of including with Maria and Rhodey. Should I put you and me in it too, honey?
Is it weird that I miss you, even though I never met you? Because I do. Sometimes I expect to turn around and see you standing there. And I don’t even really know what you look like, except the colors of your complexion and a bit about your build. I wish I knew what face to dream about.
And Tony’s delight at realizing from this, that ‘Rosie the Riveter’ was a bold young Jewish woman who could bake like an angel, made him giggle for days. She shaped the apples into roses when she did her pies Steve had described.
“So what I’m hearin’ is that the Rogers share a weakness for Italians,” Buck drawled. “So, you gunna write him back?”
I feel as if there might be one or two people I could ask about experiments with unexpected results. Like the sudden appearance of Mr. Hyde. There are some really damn wild experiments going on out here. Wild in the nature of the experiments and results from them. It’s just really wild all around, to be honest. It’s a changing world out there Grant.
And yes we do need to trade. I’m not sure about the logistics of that yet because there is nothing like fresh off the pan anything.
“Thank you, George.” Steve gave the man a squeeze on the arm. “I appreciate you putting me up for the night. I’m sure Buck will be glad I didn’t try making a run for it in the rain. He’s such a mother hen.”
My name is St - right. We are not supposed to use our names, just in case the letters are intercepted. You can call me Grant van Gogh, I suppose. One of my best friends calls me van Gogh. I have been working on my art degree when I can afford to take classes, and part of me thinks Vincent is the only artist my friend - I guess I can call him Franklin? - knows the name of. Franklin is a good egg, though, even if he does not know many artists. I am real lucky to have him watching my back. He is actually the one who suggested I give this a try. I am sick more often than not, so sneaking out to the clubs is not easy to do. Makes it hard to meet with someone who is like me. I am sure you understand, in some way, since you are writing too.
That night as Tony found himself in another dark club with too much liquor and not enough preservation, he knew he made out with a blond. One just as gone as he was. Everything else about the stranger felt off. Not the right shade of blue, not the right hands. He wakes up blearily in his bed when a door slams. Tony groans as he stumbles to the kitchen staring at a pile of his watches on the kitchen table.
“I’d appreciate that,” Tony nodded then paused. “It going to be okay with them though?” He didn’t want to fuck with any dynamics but had to be sure.
Still a little bleary, Steve washed off his dishes before grabbing a sheet of paper and his favorite pen. He considered adding one of the photos to the envelope, but something about it felt wrong. Especially because Edward was still trying to get his features right in the drawings of Sir Grant. The mystery could stand to go on a little longer, and he could send the photo later.
“You know I love it. Bring it here, honey bear.” Tony grinned, holding his hands out and wriggling his fingers. He unwrapped it carefully, managing to do no damage to the paper; it needed to be preserved for posterity. Maybe, if he managed to remember, he could wrap Rhodey’s birthday gift in it when October rolled around. The item inside, however, was not something he recognized. The box was plain cardboard, only the stamp on the side of it identifying it as from the Brooklyn Museum. But what was the most peculiar was the scribbled handwriting underneath the stamp that read “unusable donation.” Baffled, Tony opened the box and stared uncomprehendingly at the contents.
Now to finish some more work on the as of yet unnamed missile. He could input the name into the coding later. But what to name it?
Tony nodded fervently with each name, his grin growing. “Bucky Barnes went with him and Barnes was tripping over his own feet practically over meeting her,” Tony explained in a way finally getting to share a story he’d been bursting over for years.
Some tutorials and reading lead to a picture that Tony wound up liking in the end. Steve smudged with vibrant colour holding a chalk pastel as he looked to be stepping back from a picture. Tony sketched the vibrant grin he pulled up from the Ella Fitzgerald concert and then had fun with the colours. The blues and greens with only a few hints of magenta served as an added surprise should Steve revisit the picture.  Tony sealed the image and looked at the small box he’d gotten to hold the gifts. It was nothing much: copper wire in a couple of different gauges, needle nose pliers, a wire cutter, and lastly a pin vice to make twisting the wire easier. Tony wrote a small note that explained how to use the vice.
He got word that if he did not choose to enlist, he was likely to face the draft. So, he decided to throw his fortunes to the Navy. By the end of the year, he is going to be assigned to a ship and risking his life for the right to freedom. And Mark … He is just going to have to sit at home, hoping for the best. When he was little, Mark was born duck-footed so bad his toes pointed straight out to either side. So, the doctors broke his legs and he had to wear braces all through his childhood. Means he got an 4-F almost without the doctor blinking. I saw his legs once; they have some awful scarring on them. Mark and Pendragon only just moved in together two months ago, and now they are having to say goodbye.
The point is to enjoy it, Grant. The mental image of me nibbling at you. Kissing you until you don't want to stand up straight.  I'd want to know you were enjoying yourself because I like knowing that
Tony couldn’t stop the smile at the drawing of the little knight. The very lovely horse and the swamp he swore he could feel the humidity of from his chair. And of course Grant was hiding his face behind the visor.
But, as he looked at the display again, Tony noticed the blinking envelope surrounded by blue. Dum-E had set another letter in the basket. It had taken way too long for him to work out the bugs in that.  It had also been too long since he'd been clear headed enough to code for extended amounts of time.
Struck by a sudden bout of whimsy, he pulled open his dresser and dug about to find a specific envelope. This one was a bit dog-eared from how long it had been kicking around along with his undershirts, but it was still safely shut. Inside was a handful of coins Steve had carefully set aside for a day where he felt real good - a day where the weather was fine and his lungs no longer ached from the case of pneumonia. A day like that is a beautiful Monday.
“As cute as this all is,” Steve drawled, “we might want to get started before the light goes. What do you need me to do, Arnie?”
“Yeah, I should not try to sleep without liquor that week. It’s just not good. Terrible,” Tony said in a rush as he looked at the back of the picture. “December 24, 1940. Oh honey, you’ve got so much ahead of you.” Tony read aloud a moment before shaking his head.
Today … Pendragon came to visit. I knew it was not good news, just looking at his face. He may be a charming piece of work, but he also wears his feelings on his shirtsleeve. I cannot remember the last time I saw him look so devastated, aside from when his grandmother passed a few years ago.
I have always wanted to have my work featured in a gallery one day. That would be really fine, yeah? Just imagining people coming to see my art. Talking to me about my color choices. Examining the way I use strokes to create feelings. Making a difference in some small way through the mediums I love. It is probably a fever dream, but sometimes dreams are all I have.
And I would love references of you. Have yourself eating a piece of pie. Maybe send me a picture of Ana, if you have one to spare? I can paint her in there with Jarvis. If you would not mind my doing so. Nice thing about a mural this size is that I have plenty of room.
“Blankets perhaps, or are they going to be part of the war effort?” Jarvis asked, gathering his dishes to the kitchen.
Tony put away his phone as the members of the board arrived for the meeting. He tried to focus on maintaining an air of nonchalance as Obie arrived, exactly on time, and settled in at the chair to his left. Unsettlingly, the meeting went about in the usual manner. Which now bothered Tony. Because he wondered just how much of the meetings were out of his control. What decisions were being made without him? What was being done behind his back? Just who was in on Obie’s schemes? Tony focused carefully on the presentation, trying to keep his brain occupied and from spiralling further.
And uh, Pepper is the one who tries to stop bad ideas. Rhodey will try and then we both end up doing whatever bad idea it was sometimes. College was a very fun time for that. Rhodey would be the one to try to use the time machine to go back and kill Hitler preemptively. And I would probably help.
“Captain America was either bi or gay, and he’d had a boyfriend. It completely explains all the blatant pics of Agent Carter and the compass. It was her coverup campaign to make sure he was remembered,” Demi said firmly. “Bucky was in on it too, making sure to play up the best friend part. I think the only one that knew jack squat was Phillips. Because, I mean, look at who Steve Rogers was. The only people who we see talk about his past are Peggy, him, and Bucky. There was a distinct lack of other people. Why? Because they were part of the queer community. The only community after the art community that had more queer people in it at that point were military secretaries. They had to make Steve Rogers seem like a loner to fit.”
And if you can figure out how to make Kitt futuristic, surely you can figure out the traffic for flying cars and jetpacks. Maybe they have ways of talking to each other that keep them from running into one another. Like the cab drivers yelling at each other. But with less cursing.
But, Grant, I will be fine. I am so sure of it. The war will not hurt me. Also I’ll find a way you can hear me. Sadly a record would not fit in the box. Not sure you’d want to listen to me ramble for whatever would fill it either. Might start singing strange songs and then where would we be?
Also, I would happily dance for you, with you, and teach you to dance. Garage or anywhere you feel safe to. My record player and collection would be yours to use at your leisure.
If you are hoping for normal sleep hours, though, I am probably going to disappoint you. I tend to sleep kind of fitful like. Where I go to bed fairly late, wake up early, then take another nap. If I lay down for too long, I start wheezing, and reclining at a high enough angle is hard on my back. Basically, it is a wonder my body manages to survive with all the way it tries to kill me on the regular.
As for your mistletoe exploits, I am curious why you bothered. You seem like the type who would enjoy spending time getting kissed. Was the company at those parties so bad that climbing out the window really was the best option? Not even Pendragon’s friends are that bad, and most of them are art school washouts.
“It’s my hobby. I try to read up as much as I can from the ’40s and memoirs of that kind of thing. My job and volleyball got me before I discovered my love of that era. Otherwise, I might have become a historian,” Demi chuckled before sipping at her wine. "I will look that up later - February House."
“He met a publisher for Harper’s Bazaar magazine at this place called the February House,” Tony started to explain. He had his posture ready to go. Left a pause in case it rung any bells.
And speaking of honest, I was not joshing you when I said I wanted to hear about your friends. They are important to you, and that means I need to know about them to understand you better. Plus, I know how important it is to have good friends when you do not have any family left. Ma died in ’36, and I am still trying to learn how to live without her here. Franklin and his family … Well. They helped keep me together. I also have another friend who is like you and me. Pendragon. He is a real smart fella and real popular at the local clubs. I have been out with him a couple of times, but I always get so shy. Never seem to know what to do when a handsome guy starts chatting me up. Probably does not help that Franklin always goes with me – says I need protecting – and a lot of people think him and I are a couple. Which, admittedly, when I was younger I wished we were. I was real sweet on him, because he is just my type: brunet, strong, smart, and mischievous. Helps he is a real charmer; the kind of guy people just gravitate towards to bask a little longer in the splash of his light. But poor me, he is so wild about dames I fully expect a shotgun wedding will be in his future. I have seen him going around town with three different gals in the same week. Honestly, I dunno how he has the energy for that many girlfriends.
