Maybe it wouldn’t be so...irritating if Tony wasn’t so close to his heat. So close to his heat
“I thought there were more interesting things closer to home base this year,” Tony said, his voice flippant, but his gaze dark and serious.
Tony wanted to roll around in that ridiculous, startled laugh. Did the people know that Captain America’s voice could go up like that before it turned into silent gasping laughter as his cheeks flushed and he was caught in throes of amusement? No, they didn’t know, because Captain America was always stoic and serious. Only Tony got to see this, Steve Rogers collapsing back into bed and laughing freely, with no barriers up.
Tony showed off for Steve, like a courting bird shaking out its plumage, and Steve held on tight, soaking up every moment of it. The air burned against his cheeks as they soared upwards before plummeting down, pulling up sharply to skim the surface of East River, breath stolen from his lungs as they spun mid-flight and banked sharply.
Except as Bucky went looking for Steve to let him know that Bucky was heading back to Wakanda via the sorcerer’s express, he walked into Steve’s room at the Avengers tower to find Steve and Tony full on making out.
“Damn right it is,” Bucky grumbled as he walked into the bathroom.
Rhodey and Natasha looked incredulous before joining the others in their laughter as well.
“Most of my suitors were mostly there for a party and a dance,” Tony corrected, almost gentle. “Most of the people there had no intention of having a serious relationship with me, Steve. Because the vultures on TV weren’t wrong. I’m an older Omega. If you wanted a relationship with children born by an Omega...you won’t have that with me.”
Except Tony started incorporating cheek kisses into their daily routine as a necessary show of affection and gratitude, according to Tony.
“Business as usual then,” Natasha said with a lopsided smile while Clint mimed being stabbed through the chest.
Steve never stopped blushing when he got a cheek kiss and Tony never stopped looking disproportionately smug and amused at that.
Then Steve looked at Tony and Tony hissed under his breath, before coughing and straightening. “I’ve got to...go wash my hair,” Tony announced before making a beeline for the Sanctum’s front door.
bed,” Tony complained, crossing his arms in a sulk. The blue throw slipped off one shoulder and Steve had to wonder if that was on purpose, even as he eyes were drawn helplessly to the dip of Tony’s clavicle, to the elegant lines of Tony’s shoulder.
Steve said, a little quietly, “I know that people don’t wear courtship bracelets during courtships these days, that it’s considered old-fashioned, and if the courtship doesn’t work out, both parties can just drift apart without any overt symbolism to break off the courtship. But I didn’t want any misunderstandings, Tony. I’m serious about this. This isn’t casual dating while we both sort out how we feel. I already know what I want. I’m courting you, and I hope, one day, you’ll agree to bond with me.”
Tony stood.
Tony stated at his helmet for a split-second, immobile.  Then he seized it and put it on, keying the mic.
Peter had never known Tony to make hash browns…
Tony’s eyes caught Steve’s glance, and held it fast.  Tony was fascinated.  Horrified.  Riveted.  No longer altogether sane, but watching Steve’s explorations of his person as if he couldn’t quite believe what his eyes were seeing.
“Nope, I had enough of working for the government in Vietnam,” Tony assured him, “-and that includes SHIELD.”
?         Rock Around the Clock     Bill Haley and His Comets
He stepped down off the mound, and walked up to a pile of brittle, crumbled cinderblock at the foot of the wall where his workbench had stood.
Another sad statistic that whoever had paid for the gas in this helicopter could have told Cap and the rest of the ‘law-abiding’ heroes with a straight face…
War Machine waited, silent.
“You’re welcome,”  he pressed the fingers of Misty’s right hand back further than looked natural, and Misty took over, holding them there while Tony undid a small locking screw at the base of her wrist.
Tony took up the bottle of Jack with a hand that shook, and brought it to his lips.
“Thank you, Tony,” Steve said, in a tone that was just a shade too sincere for a man simply talking to his mechanic.
The armor plate unlocked and swung open on its left-hand hinge… just like the hood of his old friend Arnie’s father’s car.
“Where are my Corn Pops?  Peter asked, head stuck in the refrigerator.
, she was wearing a bra,” Tony laughed.
“That would be cool…”  Peter agreed, perking up at the thought in a way that just made Harry’s head hurt worse.
“I… thought you might say that,” Tony sighed, and dropped his forehead against Steve’s broad shoulder, eyes closed.  “…Really would make me feel better, though…”
The Iron Horse Garage 4:40 PM.
“Well-” Tony began, when he could talk at all, “-I- -feel better- …you?”
“You don’t -build- explosive weapons.”  Peter noted.
“It’s time has passed.  Think about it,” Steve said, curling his fingers around the lapels of the jacket and drawing Tony down for a kiss.
Tony tried desperately to keep a straight face, but his afterglow this time was of the giggly variety, which made that next to impossible.  Recovering, Steve caught sight of Tony’s tremblingly amused expression and groaned, shutting his eyes.
“You were a captain, were you not?”  Jarvis retorted.
The voice returned, a little louder in the confined space. “My apologies, Captain. My name is JARVIS, Mister Stark’s personal AI.”
Tony though.
“Oh.” A pause. “Can I have it?”
Now all he had to do was defeat the villain, Obie, and save the girl, Pepper, who would turn around and save Tony when Steve tried to kill him for running off.
Steve shook his head, amused. “And what would be call you, oh knight in shining armor? Sir Lancelot? Iron Lad?”
Tony shut the door and they both stared at each other for a moment.
“I know. I know.” He crouched back down and found it much easier to lift up one end of the twisted metal.
Tony just shrugged at him and smiled. “It looks good. I mean, I’m still trying to work out how much of that is my genius and how much is your body, but—A+ all around. For now at least. The others still have to try theirs on but I’m liking my odds so far I—“
Steve smiled. “You love it when I’m corny.”
“You better go. I think you have three pairs of eyes watching your every move right now.”
“You’re a glutton for punishment.”
Tony grunted when his body hit the wall, free hand shooting up to grip at the arm Steve had pressing lightly to his throat. “Well hello to you too, Captain.”
Steve studied the brunet’s face for a moment. “Not at all.”
The next day and several hours after Tony’s quest to completely remake the Stark Industries name for the better, Steve disappeared with a silent pop. The genius quickly turned around from his work and blinked. “What the hell was that?”
Steve looked up. “What are you talking about?”
“What did you do? I know what I’d spend half my time doing and it’s not something I can say in the company of others.”
So there was that.
Thor laughed at the archer. “Do not be silly, brother Barton. It is not custom for us to celebrate a holiday such as this in Asgard.”
That caught Steve by surprise.
Steve tried to keep his composure to see how long he could make Tony wait, but Tony is nothing if not persistent and he had no plans of giving up. He kissed Steve’s back and then pulled away for a moment to kick off his shoes and toss them into the hallway. He was pressing against Steve’s back one more, trying to entice him before he started playing dirty. A quiet laugh from Steve though and Tony resorted to giving up pretenses of a fair fight. He’d been with Steve long enough to know what left him breathless and he was going to make Steve pay attention to him.
Pepper covered her mouth with a hand, eyes wide and afraid. “Tony, please don’t tell me—“
The blond tilted his head and gave the genius a scrutinizing look. “I hope you’re not asking what I think you’re asking.”
Tony Stark loved his life. He had everything he could ever want or ask for. Except sometimes he didn’t. Sometimes Tony really hated his life because he never got to sit still, rarely got to know people. His hectic life was the reason he knew he shouldn’t become attached to someone like Steve. It was hard enough missing out on a lot with his bandmates. He never even got to see Rhodey anymore. They exchanged text messages, emails, spoke on the phone from time to time, but he hadn’t seen his best friend in over a year.
“Does it have to be,” Tony questioned, eyebrow arched.
Obie sounded almost caring when he spoke. “You were young, Tony. Still impressionable. I had hope for you.”
Steve looked up at his boyfriend. “Are you sure?”
“I’m sure you can, but I don’t want to hear them. They don’t matter. I wasn’t exactly expecting you to feel the same way about me, but I’m going to take what I can get too. We both have plenty of faults, but you’re more than just those faults. I see just as many good things about you as you see bad about yourself.”
It’s weird how you manage to learn certain truths about a person. The Howard I did know was nothing like the Howard you described, and the one thing I never would have wanted was for someone to feel less important in the world because of me. That’s exactly what I was against. I was always fighting for the little guy, but I’m not perfect. I made plenty of mistakes along the way, but I did what I did because I knew it was the right thing for me to do.
“Because I have a crush on you? Why do you keep making me say it? It’s not like I meant for it to happen. Are you laughing at me?”
Tony kept walking, a bit faster. Steve sped up to keep pace, “Calm down, Captain. It’s being taken care of. Now, we might need to move just a little bit faster—“ He glanced down at his watch and picked up his speed a significant amount, “or a lot faster.” He burst through the stairwell and started racing down them, “Stairs! Faster! Come on, Steve! JARVIS! Anyone else still up there?”
Steve smiled sadly. They had a lot of fun, a lot of memories. It didn’t stop Steve from getting beat up on a regular basis or Tony being mocked endlessly for being a genius in addition to being a “poor little rich boy.” The difference was that they were able to stand up for each other when they could and at some point they began making new friends. James Rhodes and Pepper Potts, Bucky Barnes and Peggy Carter, and eventually Natasha Romanoff and Clint Barton just showed up at their lunch table one day and sat down, immediately jumping into a conversation like they had all been friends for the longest time. Bruce Banner showed up not long after. Thor Odinson had developed an interest and dragged Bruce as well as his shifty sort of step-brother Loki Laufeyson into their circle.
Tony, for his part, was as confused as he looked. “Do what?”
“Sweet!” Clint grabbed the shirt and vest Tony held out to him. “Hey, guys,” he shouted out the door, “it’s true. Stark has presents for us!”
Steve held back from moving into Tony’s line of vision (if his eyes happened to open that is). He was ready to stop Tony and kiss him silly for being so insecure and thinking that Steve would ever, could ever give up on him. Pepper had been right about everything.
“Okay,” Tony said, and that was enough to hold Steve over for the time being.
Steve had found this endearing because he was so much more open like this than he was as an adult. He thought Tony was a great kid, and he was happy to see that Howard had been his father. Tony never spoke of Howard. When he did it was always with an air of disinterest as an adult and trepidation as a child. Steve loved Tony as a child, but he was missing adult Tony more than he let on. Once they were able to get past the initial disdain they’d felt for each other (and he’s not going to pretend that didn’t take awhile because they were both stubborn as hell), they found that they were able to get along remarkably well.
“I expected you to get tired of me a long time ago.”
It took them no time to finish and all that was left was the star to go on top.
Case in point, this weeks sensational article was all about the possibility of Tony Stark’s alleged trip to Afghanistan where he and his company were testing their weapons on small towns when Stark wasn’t busy entertaining his latest conquest between the sheets, who was rumored to be the wife of a man killed during one of Stark's latest rounds of testing.
He thought more about Steve. Steve had amazing dimples. Well he had an amazing smile too. He didn’t get a good look at Steve’s eyes but he was pretty sure those were even better up close than they were from a small distance. His hairstyle had been dorky in the most adorable way and Tony had never developed a crush on one person in less than five minutes. It was not possible. Then he thought it might just be a lust thing and he’d be over it in no time at all. He was still a teenager so not completely unfathomable in the least.
This particular Sunday was the Sunday before Christmas so the book Steve chose to read this time was “How the Grinch Stole Christmas.” There were over twice as many children there for the reading as there were that first time they went. Word of Steve’s Story Time spread pretty fast and he’d had to add another later in the day on Sunday as well just to be able to accommodate more families. Once Peter found out about this he started wanting to go to both. Tony might have been more reluctant to let Peter have his way if it had been anyone other than Steve telling the stories. They had both made points of talking to each other every time a story was finished and families were dispersing. Steve made Tony smile and laugh in ways that Peter had never seen before. Both Aunt Pepper and Aunt Tasha had said on different occasions that Tony had a crush on Steve and that they just needed to go out on a date or something. Tony himself had never once confirmed but Peter thought his dad might enjoy being happy so he thought it was a good idea.
“They planned this?” He was almost surprised but then he wasn’t.
Zola smiled again, the curve of it cold and cruel. “Access is the name of the game, dear Captain. We couldn’t get Stark to make the weapon himself, but those designs of his are still locked away in Stark Industries.” He spit another mouthful of blood to the floor. “Schmidt is not a patient man, the time it would have taken to get into those files was not fast enough for him; enter Anthony Stark. We may not have been successful last time around, but we’ve gotten a bit more creative, as I’m sure you’ll see.” Zola shook his head in pity. “Everyone has a breaking point, Captain, and you seem to surround yourself with men who are right on the cusp of theirs,” he began to chuckle, an ugly little thing. “Do you want to know the things he screamed? He called for you, Captain, more than once—“
“Well this wouldn’t be happening if I’d had at least some sort of a heads up.”
Tony made a face before taking another sip of his root beer. “There’s a lot of things people don’t seem to want to tell me,” he muttered, scratching at the can with his thumbnail.
A muffled “Yeah?” could be heard from under the car and Steve crouched down to tug on Tony’s leg. The genius slid out from under the car and sat up slowly, eyebrows raised.
“Aye aye, Captain.”
Silence. “It’s great, Tony. It really is, but why are you creating so much more lately?”
“Happy birthday, Tony Stark,” Steve whispered into the brunet’s ear, smiling. Tony smiled back, mumbling a thank you before falling asleep in Steve’s arms.
Tony leaned over, kissing Steve just then. It was only supposed to be a short kiss, but it ended up lasting longer than that.
The past three months with HYDRA had taken their toll both physically and mentally on Tony. He knew as much. He felt exhaustion in his blood and his bones, from his fingertips to his toenails, yet, sleep eluded him. All he could do was stare up at the ceiling of his borrowed room in a home he wasn’t familiar with, surrounded by people who possibly wanted to kill him as much as they wanted weapons from him. He’d escaped captivity, sure, escaped the torture that came along with it but had just managed to find himself on the doorstep of another threat, another goon who wasn’t above doing the same thing to him if he didn’t comply with demands---even if this goon did provide him with a pretty comfortable bed and running water.
“This isn’t a game,” Steve barked. “You got Pierce, that’s enough. I’ve already got one injured teammate running about recklessly, I don’t need another.”
“Good.” She held open the door for him and told him to follow her. “He doesn’t know you’re coming. Well that you’re here. We decided to keep that quiet because I’m not sure how that would have affected his performance. Maybe the surprise will make him feel a little better too.”
“I thought you were going to put on your brilliant disguise.”
Tony looked out the window and then back at Steve. “New York City?”
“Wh--how did you know I...what the hell. And what do you mean sidekick? I am not a sidekick! I am a frontrunner. I am...why are you laughing?”
“That doesn’t make any sense.”
The heavens must have been on Steve’s side in that moment because Tony didn’t do much more than shrug his shoulders, his good hand reaching down to pat Nuts-N-Bolts’ head or--maybe those just counted as eyes. Either way the bot whirred excitedly. “Yeah, I was. It’s in the past though, let’s just move on.”
Steve nudged a knee between Tony’s legs and pressed his thigh gently against Tony’s groin. Tony moaned, exhaling through his nose, taking the kiss to a whole new level of filthy as he found himself rutting against Steve’s leg. The soldier took that as a cue to roll over and press himself against the genius, making sure the blankets went with them. Not exactly sexy, but he was pretty sure Tony appreciated the act just as much.
This time Steve snorted. “I wouldn’t say all of them. Or even 50% of them.”
“Karma,” Tony practically sung.
“Ow! Watch the goods! Did you miss the part where I’m injured?”
“We’re not sure; reports are saying there’s something serious going down at Stark Industries. HYDRA’s involved, it’s all over the news.”
He wished he could close his eyes at this moment. He wished he could be looking at Steve even. He didn’t want the last thing he saw before he died to be Obadiah’s smug, cruel smile. He didn’t want Obadiah to have the last word. He struggled with everything he had to move. To close his eyes. To even talk. Unfortunately, it wasn’t going to happen for Tony.
“It was great meeting you.”
“Not now, Tony.”
Pepper’s face fell to confusion even as Rhodey’s clouded over with anger. Rhodey’s hand twitched at his side, as if he wanted to reach out to Tony but couldn’t. “Yeah,” he said, voice clipped. “We’ve got them labeled as possible domestic terrorists back at the base. They’ve got a lot of shady shit going on but we haven’t been able to nail them with anything concrete just yet.”
Eventually he got the door open and crawled in because he could barely make himself stand at this point.
“Didn’t have to. Did. It was Peter’s idea really.”
More ash drifted over onto them. Tony pulled away completely and folded his arms. “Who even does that? Kiss me and then start an argument? What even—“ Steve smirked and kissed him again, just a firm press of his lips to Tony’s. “Also, you’re the one who went and got yourself all cut up this time—“ another kiss, longer this time. Tony sighed, spoke with his eyes closed. “I’m not inept, Steve. You don’t have to worry about me.”
“So does this mean a second date is in order?”
A moment of silence on Pepper’s part as she ran all of this through her head. “Okay,” she started slowly. “I’ll see what I can find. Don’t do anything stupid while I’m gone.”
For awhile all that existed between them was heavy breathing, both unable to move. Finally Tony managed to roll off because he didn’t think either of them would enjoy being stuck to each other. Once he felt like he wouldn’t collapse upon moving, he walked into the bathroom, returning moments later with a wash cloth, wiping them both clean.
“What is it, JARVIS?” Tony asked somewhat scornfully.
Rhodey nodded, expression fond. “If anyone gets to kill you, it’s going to be one of us. We’ve earned it.”
“Hold on a second, kid, I’m workin’ on it,” Steve said, a little bit of that Brooklyn twang Tony sort of missed hearing working its way out.
“What does that even mean, Tony?” Steve asked, almost sounding angry.
“So, Steve. Who’re you talking to, buddy?”
“Pfft. Amateurs,” Tony replied, smiling. “How much do you remember?”
Steve huffed, his forehead wrinkling. Tony seemed to misunderstand this because his face shut down, and how did he already know how to do that?
“Oh! I’ve only recently started listening. He’s really good.”
Rhodey ignored the tacky nickname and held out his arms for a hug
Tony shrugged and sipped at his coffee. “I haven’t been outside since HYDRA kidnapped me. I’m not counting my escape because I was half out of it, stumbling, and injured.”
Tony had so much he wanted to say to Steve. All that came out was “why?”
“Say things like that!”
PS-I thought you’d know better than to leave handwritten letters in such easy to find places.
Howard is gone and I’m what’s left.
“And I told you to stop being ridiculous. I’m not even mad.”
Steve was washing them by hand. Tony scowled, especially when he saw the grin on Steve’s face and he gave an impatient sigh.
Tony lifted his hands in surrender and took a step back, mimicking zipping his lips. Probably best not to piss off his only other source of heat outside of the fireplace. He wouldn’t have let Rogers win so easily in any other situation.
“So I can see this was a mistake. I shouldn’t have come over.”
They sat down to eat and after quickly finishing, Tony helped Peter pick out what he wanted to wear for the day before finding something to wear too.
“You were texting someone. You looked happy. I was wondering who it was.”
“What the hell was that?” Obie grunted. “It’s not like you to have someone else do your work for you.”
“Sneaking up on people is rude, you know?”
“I’m an art student.”
Tony smiled wide, eyes sparkling with mischief. He gave Steve a gleeful look that made Steve smile back. “That’s actually an entertaining idea.”
Zola had said they wanted access to Stark Industries, and Steve believed that much at least, but the rest—it didn’t add up. Beating Tony unconscious surely wasn’t the best way to get information. And Zola—he spoke as if he wasn’t surprised by Steve’s presence in the slightest, like he expected him, yet security hadn’t appeared to be doubled at all.
She shrugged lightly. “I think you’ll succeed, but if you don’t then I guess he’ll just be pissed off for the rest of his life.”
“I kind of figured.” He stood up. “And I’ll take the bike.”
She held up a hand to stop him but then laid it on his forearm. “It’s taken care of.”
In hindsight, Tony probably should have worded that a bit differently. Steve was excited to learn there was a zoo so he dragged Tony through all of it, and he was almost certain that Steve had been communicating with half the animals there. Was that a genie thing?
Steve frowned. This was the first he was hearing about Tony being in pain, though, really, maybe Steve should have assumed. It hadn’t even been two weeks since the genius had shown up bleeding on his doorstep and yet here he was, being forced by Steve to work through it. Steve felt like a jackass. “I’m--I’m going to need you to show me inside him.” Steve grimaced at himself, that hadn’t been what he was trying to say. He tried to backtrack. “It’s not that I don’t trust you, it’s just that--”
Guard after guard went down as Steve checked each open space he came across. He ran until his legs ached, ran so that he could block out the squeezing in his chest that happened each time a room came up Tony-less. Tony was alive, Steve knew he was alive, because he had to be alive.
Next came dessert. Dessert being a cake. A cake that Steve wasn’t even jumping out of naked. Tony’s life was so unfair sometimes.
Steve snorted at that. “I’ve got this under control, Stark. Don’t worry about me.”
Tony nodded and then picked up his son with one arm, jogging to the door with Peter laughing the whole way.
He got another text message around dinner time.
“I said that, but I had no idea you were putting millions of dollars into helping the city! How long has this been going on?”
“No, I’m not,” he responded with a whisper.
“I don’t blame you, Steve.”
“Marooned on an island like a fucking pirate. There better be rum around here.”
Tony shrugged. “Let’s just say your two wheeler became a four wheeler became a no wheeler.”
Not that anyone was around to hear him. He knew he had to figure out something soon because he knew he definitely wouldn’t escape before darkness took over, and he didn’t like the idea of being on some strange island in the dark with no electricity or running water or heat or...anything to do at all. This was a nightmare befitting someone like Tony Stark. Fucking great.
He didn’t fill Tony in a whole lot on what he’d done and Tony had been fine with that. He knew Steve needed his privacy and Tony spent a lot of time trying to make sure he didn’t hound Steve for a date. If he wasn’t ready he wasn’t ready. And if he changed his mind, Tony didn’t really want to think of that possibility either.
Natasha stood over his shoulder and looked down at the paper, tilting her head. “Does he know you’re drawing him?”
He heard Tony shouting at his back as he made quick strides to the garage. “You’re still not a Captain!”
“Yeah. You’re probably right because this wouldn’t have happened in the first place if you hadn’t opened your goddamn mouth and told my dad all my secrets. I never wanted him to know and you fucked it all up.” Curse his fucking asshole mouth. Why couldn’t he just say what he really meant? Why did he always do this?
Tony nodded. “Yeah. I can’t believe you kissed my helmet like that.”
“I’m stubborn and get myself into trouble all the time because I can’t keep my mouth shut about some things.”
Steve pocketed his phone and he knew he had a stupid grin on his face but he couldn’t help it. He had no idea what was going on between him and Tony but whatever it was happened to be making him pretty happy. When he looked up he had two sets of very curious eyes on him.
Pepper was the first to speak. “Where have you been, Tony?”
Steve swallowed nervously, fidgeting. “What if I can’t?”
Tony glanced between his two friends, took a deep breath. “Have you ever heard of HYDRA?”
Natasha, the ninja of all things sneaky, had at some point, grabbed hold of Steve’s iPod and was flipping through his music. “So you listen to this guy a lot?”
“Hearing you loud and clear.”
“Steve? What’s going on?”
“No! It’s a thing I found on the Internet. When did people start having tacky sweater parties? I think we should do this. I’ve already gotten sweaters for all of you!”
Steve didn’t have time to deal with another argument. “That’s and order.”
Tony’s hands were hovering, almost like he was unsure of himself before he dove right in and began playing. Steve smiled because he knew what it was right away.
Tony felt Steve as he trembled beneath him, felt his dick twitch in his hands and knew Steve was close. He continued to give Steve’s neck open mouthed kisses and small nips as his dexterous hands worked over Steve’s cock and balls.  Another twist of Tony’s fingers around the head of Steve’s cock and Steve was coming. His head thrown back, face in pure bliss and his lips shaping out a perfect O. Tony stroked him through it, milking his cock for all its worth.
Sharon only laughed at him. “It’s okay, Steve. Breathe. We weren’t as involved in each others lives when you two were dating.”
Then Tony wanted to watch Natasha spar with Steve because no one could beat Captain America. When he was proven wrong on that he was actually smiling. Natasha grinned and ruffled his hair and Tony pushed her hand away.
Pepper snapped her fingers excitedly. “Oh! Was it that Barnes guy you used to have down in your workshop all the time?” She pointed her finger at Steve. “Which would make you the tall blonde hunk.”
Tony was saved from answering when Rhodey cut him off, pulling Tony toward him. “Come on Pepper, don’t hog him.” He wrapped his arms around Tony in a bone crushing hug, though Tony didn’t seem to mind, holding on just as tight as Rhodey seemed to be. “Don’t think that when this is all over that I’m not going to kick your ass for making us worry.”
“You know there’s a word for that right?”
He stopped when he did reach the piano and rested an arm on top while he watched the brunet play. He knew he was probably blushing at the moment which probably looked rather strange for someone dressed the way he was, but oh well.
“Congratulations on getting married. Tony really seemed excited about being part of the planning process.”
“What? No. I don’t mean that. It’s just--” He paused. “You said something about trying to impress me, but I’ve never thought of these things that I might need. I’m grateful for everything you do for me, for us, but I like it when you are just you.”
Tony sighed and muttered. “Yeah. I had no idea.”
“Obie is paying them to kill you.”
She laughed and shook her head, giving him a hug. “I’m glad you’re alive and well. Take care of yourself. Wait.” She addressed Steve. “Make sure he takes care of himself. He’s shit at it.”
“We do what we have been doing. We help you seek justice and restore order to your kingdom, so to speak. And who knows, if we pull this off as well as we hope, then it might make an excellent superhero story.”
“I missed you last week, Steve.”
Tony snorted in derision. “Right. Everything is fine. What do you care anyway? As long as you all get what you want, then we’re all happy. End of story.”
“You know, Tony…” Bruce started and stopped. Tony frowned until Bruce tried again. “I have enjoyed working with you.”
“Anthony Stark, you son of a bitch! You don’t call, you don’t write, you…” he stopped. “I’m not hugging you.” He looked at the man behind his best friend and raised his eyebrows. “Hi. James Rhodes. Everyone just calls me Rhodey.” He held his hand out for Steve who shook it firmly with a confused smile.
Tony presented Steve with his gift, looking hopeful. “I know it’s not perfect, but I can keep working on it until it is.”
When he found Steve, the blond was standing in front of a family portrait, hands shoved into his pockets and looking every bit as intimidated as Tony feared he would once he saw the family home for the first time.
A few days later they were able to go back to the tower. Tony was busy trying to get J.A.R.V.I.S. up and running again and trying to dodge calls from S.H.I.E.L.D. They only had a thousand questions about Steve and then just as many about Stark Industries and the current project he was working on. How did they even find out about that?!
“Says the genie named Steve,” the genius shot back. He ran a hand through his mess of a hair and then felt his goatee, frowning when he realized it needed a trim. “Although you’re not the first person to call me strange. Does my goatee look messy to you?”
“Someone’s ready huh?”
Steve let the conversation go on for a good ten minutes before the language being spoken sounded less like English and more like a series of numbers and formulas. “Okay. Can we start speaking English again?”
Promptly at seven on Christmas morning there was a knock on the door.
His phone chimed less than 30 seconds later.
Steve sighed and closed up his sketchbook, putting it in his bag. “I don’t care. I don’t. Hammer is an asshole for outing me to the whole school, but that’s not even the problem. It’s not like I’m ashamed, but I guess it still hurts to hear what everyone thinks they are whispering behind my back.”
Steve nodded, keeping his eyes on Tony. “Yes.”
“What if I promise to follow through with the plans that were interrupted at the end of our last date?”
He paused just outside the door and leaned in closer to see if he could hear it better. After a few seconds he straightened himself up and looked around to see if there was anyone nearby before he barely pushed the door open, just enough to hear and was greeted with a view he was not entirely expecting.
Steve turned around. “Do you need something, Tony?”
That made the two robots emit another sound of sadness.
“You know I do,” Tony murmured softly.
“Good. Then we can get started,” Tony said with a small grin. He looked up and startled. “Oh, Rogers.” He furrowed his brow, looking around for anyone else who might have sneaked up on him.  “When did you get here?”
“I just told you that it was going to sound crazy.” He snapped his fingers in Steve’s direction and Steve’s head popped up, one noodle dangling from his lips. When he noticed he was being stared at he sucked the noodle in and Tony’s eyes went comically wide.
“Tony!” Pepper looked horrified but the look just as quickly slipped from her face. “I can’t even pretend to be shocked by this.”
Whoa. What? Tony’s head jerked up and he frowned at Steve. “Why would--?”
“I’m thankful to be part of a team, to be able to right my wrongs and to make some friends.” Natasha had no time for long speeches.
“Don’t do it again,” Steve said softly. He could feel Tony’s breath against his face now, warm and even.
Natasha hummed and then sighed. “You two need to work it out.”
“I’ve got some business to take care of. Is there anything you need, Steve the genie?” The irony of that question didn’t go over Tony’s head.
Once everything was ready, he brought food to the table and poured the both of them a glass of wine each. It took quite a bit of convincing on Tony’s part to make Steve give him some wine too.
Clint weaved in and out of traffic, met with a blaring of horns and curses yelled out the windows coming from every direction as they tried to get to Manhattan as soon as possible, a feat almost impossible with the amount of traffic that seemed to be clogging the roads.
Tony was grinning from ear to ear and didn’t stop until he heard Pepper clear her throat. She and Happy were waiting for him to get into the car so they could get back to the hotel. She had informed the attendees of his exit citing that he had to get an early start in the morning. Not a lie considering he had a plane to catch, but maybe not as early as he wanted them to believe.
Steve must have been down too because there was no movement. There was just Obadiah standing up with a shit eating grin on his face.
Seven beers and one bucket to carry them in later, Steve was making his way back to his group and nearly collided with someone. He looked up to apologize but had barely gotten his apology out when he realized he was actually looking at Tony and he gave him a small smile instead as well as a much quieter sorry.
“We’re decorating cookies!”
When Clint mentioned visiting the archery range, Tony surprised everyone by begging to go. Clint stared at Tony for a moment before shrugging. “Sure, why not?”
“What can I say? You bring out the worst in me.”
“Then you know that’s all in the past.”
Steve rolled his eyes, used to the flirtation after the few times the two had interacted on several prior occasions. It was Tony’s M.O. and after the first few times, Steve learned not to let it catch him off guard. “Quiet, Stark.” He muttered to himself, “Where’s a gag when you need one?”
“I’m so glad your sense of humor has decided to come back at this very moment. I was starting to forget that you’re a huge smartass.”
Tony thumped his head back against the wall and shut his eyes with an annoyed grunt. “I didn’t blow anything. Schmidt wants access to Stark Industries, access he’s not getting from Obie which means they aren’t seeing eye to eye. It’s the good thing about dealing with men too greedy and power hungry, they always look after themselves first. Obie won’t know I’m alive.”
“I made this cell phone slash tablet with you in mind. It’s nearly indestructible and can not only be used for basic functions like calling people, texting, and taking pictures but can also be programmed to turn on the microwave or coffee maker just to name a few. And that’s just the small stuff. I’ll let you find out the really cool stuff for yourself.”
Tony snorted. “No. You’re also kind of perfect so I can’t imagine you having any flaws.”
“Well my plane,” he pointed towards the ocean where only a few bits of debris were currently floating, “crashed. At least I think it did. I haven’t seen any indication that anyone else was on it with me, but I distinctly remember being on an airplane on my way home from a business trip and that there were other people there.”
When Steve opened the door he saw nothing, confused until he felt a tiny claw nipping at his ankles.
Were he and MJ really such a bad thing?
“Luke,” Danny interrupted, quiet but clear.
He thought next of the air show at which he’d first seen the Thunderbirds, and the way the mighty roar of the F-84F Thunderstreaks’ jet engines had drowned out the music of the band, the shimmer of the sun on hot black tarmac, the scent of freshly-made caramel-popcorn…  leaving only the feel of the wind against his face.
“-Just Tony,” Tony smiled back.
-Harry had a chance, then.
Tony instructed, reaching for the last panel.
Tony demanded, angrily.
By the time Tony returned the states with a medical discharge approved by an Army doctor he’d known in prep school, the eight-spoked wheel of the arc reactor glowing beneath the buttons of his uniform jacket, and the plans to the destroyed Mark I armor rolled up in the battery compartment of a flashlight in the duffel bag over his shoulder, things had changed.
Tony’s fingers curled around both, and he woke up in a loose pile of blankets and floor pillows in the lounge corner over by the stereo.
Tony set the LTF panel down on the table some distance away, and began disconnecting the CTF panel right next to hole from the first one.
Tony laughed.
“Hmff,” Tony folded an arm over his eyes, “-screw it, I can’t be bothered…”
With his boss.
The Iron Horse Garage, 9:45 PM (same day).
“Peter,” Tony snapped his fingers, “-who did you put him with?”
Weird.
“Good morning, Tony,” Peter said brightly, from his perch atop a counter to Tony’s left.  He was in full costume, aside from having the bottom half of his mask pulled up.
When Steve drew back a second time, Tony’s face was lightly flushed, and hungry.  Tony started to sit up, but he felt Steve’s fingers tighten in his hair, -just- enough.
Luke was asleep in his bed on the other side of the room, snoring like a hibernating bear.
Pain came and went in clenching waves throughout his chest; he could almost -see- it spreading out from the unbalanced arc reactor like the hard green rings of sonar…
“Oh.  Yeah.  You do the honors,” Tony decided, handing the envelope across the table to Peter.
“Why does that not make me feel better?…”  Peter muttered, under his breath.
“Good call, Cap,” he said, selecting a transistor-boosted electromagnet from the compartment on his belt.  “-Spider!”
The thing that held Steve’s eye though, was a snapshot of Tony himself, standing with his copilot and a handful of other soldiers by the open door of a green helicopter.
Steve’s hands moved together across his back, not quite a tease, but
The words were said simply, with no apology. But even so, Steve could read the hurt on that small expressive face, hidden as deeply as possible, but not completely buried. It was in the furrow of his brows, the slight downturn of his lips.
Did none of them realize that Tony was way past the ideal child-bearing age? Did they even consider that he had no interest in having kids? Well, they probably did and were just saying whatever to get a roll in the hay. Who really cared? Certainly, not Steve Rogers, who hadn’t even looked over once even while two idiotic unbonded Alphas practically pursued Tony around the room. Oh no, Steve was much too busy chatting for the last
“It wasn’t the primary reason!” Tony protested, before mumbling, “Just one of many, many other reasons.”
“And it looks perfect. You look very dashing, Viz,” Wanda said, shooting a glare around the group to dare anyone to disagree.
“Oh, it wasn’t that hot. I’m fine, probably just a trick of the light,” Steve said, wishing he sounded more convincing when he was lying.
“Your mistake is thinking I’m anything like you,” Steve said, his voice deceptively calm, almost friendly. “Men like you worry about your reputation. If you think I’m going to hold back because I’m worried about my reputation… Why don’t you just try me? Just say one more word and try me,
“How did you get my card details?” Steve asked, curious.
Steve didn’t say anything in response. He only rolled Tony over and distracted him in the best way he knew how. He was definitely getting more skilled in this kind of
Their nest.
“It’s about Kenny,” Steve admitted with obvious reluctance.
How could Steve question him? Tony pulled at Steve’s cock, massaging at the knot he could feel there, tissue not yet engorged but hardening under his ministration and in the soup of heat pheromones. “
“I hope you like the gifts, Tony,” Steve said in a quiet voice, smiling at him.
Bucky shook his head before coming closer to grip Steve by the shoulders. “You’re an idiot.” Steve was ready to agree with that, but Bucky shook him lightly and continued, “You listen here. We don’t follow you because you got some fancy serum in your veins. We follow Steve Rogers, the guy who never gave up, who took the risk and let himself be experimented on. You’re the guy who broke orders and came back for us. You wouldn’t be Captain America if you hadn’t earned our respect. That’s who we really follow. That’s not the serum, that’s all you.”
Last week, they had discovered all their socks, pens and cufflinks missing. Every single one of those items from every locked room had gone entirely missing, only to turn up in a huge pile in Amber’s nest in her own suite. At least the stories about dragons and their hoard was right. They hadn’t been able to get any of those items back either and they hadn’t discovered a way yet to buy new socks, pens or cufflinks without them going missing within a day.
The others had been watching a few feet away, the better to be entertained while avoiding Steve’s dangerous trampling feet.
Bucky and Sam stopped their bickering.
Steve rubbed his forehead, tried to ignore the hollering people. Regardless of how seriously Tony was treating the ceremony, Steve was going to go all in. There were no other options here.
, fuck, one, fucking hell.”
Steve stared up at Tony’s face in rapt attention, his whole body completely still as he hoped with every fiber of his being that this would be the start of something new with Tony.
Steve groaned, hips thrusting up, and Tony opened his mouth. He let Steve feed his cock slowly into his mouth, looking up from beneath his lashes into Steve’s liquid blue gaze the entire time. He must make for a very debauched sight, with his hair mussed from Steve’s grasping hands, his lips stretched so wide against the large length pressing inexorably into his mouth. Steve was entranced, his wide unblinking gaze pinned on Tony and that only served to make Tony preen.
“Which is why this isn’t going to follow the usual Courting Ceremony events.”
Tony lay a hand on Steve’s again.
They weren’t even on the same team anymore. It was decided that the Avengers were over-concentrated in one location. So Tony had taken half the team to Malibu, while Steve had stayed with half the team in New York. The plan was to regularly rotate the members of each team out so every individual would have experience working with everyone in both locations, and they had plans to change team leaders based on a schedule as well. Steve had no doubt that at some point, he would be on the same team as Tony again.
His friends must agree because they were all a few paces back from him as if afraid they would be trampled by his flailing feet the moment he moved. Before he could slink away to lick his wounds, someone tapped him on his shoulder. He turned and found hands on his own, guiding him into a new slow dance.
Tony stepped up close, until they were almost toe-to-toe, placing a hand on Steve’s chest as he tilted his head up. “In your bed, under your covers.”
“Fuck,” Steve swore, looking down at the coffee cup he had unintentionally crumpled in his surprise and spike of anxiety. Most of the coffee had spilled out of the cup and gotten all over his hand as well as his shirt from where the cup had been held close to his body.
Steve blocks Thanos’ attempt to escape the repulsor blasts, falling into easy rhythm with Tony, like they always do on and off the battlefield these days. They corner Thanos against his own car as Thor arrives with a thunderous boom.
“I really can’t dance,” Steve said, a little plaintive.
“I mean, he has a good point,” Sam said with a grin.
As if to prove Bucky’s point right at that moment, Steve lifted his head up and turned to look at Tony, not making a sound. After a few seconds, Tony opened one golden eye and hissed, glaring at Steve. He dug his claws threateningly into Steve’s thick fur, as if promising to draw blood if he got serious. They stared at each other for a long silent minute. Then, Steve put his head back down on the marble floor with a big sigh and closed his eyes again. After a silent moment, Tony released his clawed grip and relaxed against Steve’s side, continuing his lazy kneading with his paws. A purr started up from deep within Tony’s chest, loud enough for even Bucky and Rhodes to hear it.
“This looks ten times larger than what the Stark Expo used to be,” Bucky said, looking a little uncomfortable at all the people and staying closest to the wall.
Bucky wouldn’t know, not having spent enough time around the two of them, but he could believe it from just a day of watching them interact, even though they weren’t even in human bodies. Tony didn’t need to meow for Steve to seem to know when Tony was about to go sniff at something that Steve disapproved of. And Steve didn’t need to bark for Tony to get annoyed at him, which Steve never seemed surprised by, so it was almost like Steve knew what Tony was getting pissy over.
?” Tony asked, like he still couldn’t believe it.
“You mean...like telepathy in science fiction?” Steve asked, wondering what other strange things his hallucination was going to say next.
“I’ll do my best,” Steve said, looking down at his feet.
He leapt to his feet with his arms up in the air.
It had been two days since Rhodes had arrived and Steve and Tony’s interactions had evolved to be even stranger in Bucky’s opinion. Rhodes had wandered by and stopped to join Bucky in his contemplation of Steve and Tony. Bucky was still Steve and Tony’s primary babysitter so he had been the one most exposed to their strangeness.
The smell of roses and sunflowers permeated the space and filled Steve’s lungs. It was sweet and delicate and nothing at all like Tony. He had no idea why this was called
“I have been very busy, as you can imagine. And you?”
At that, Bucky was leaning against Sam, trying to rub their cheeks together, all the while crooning, “Come on, baby, don’t be like that.”
Tony asked, “Why? They want to swoop in and take Iron Man now that I’m not doing too well? The U.S. government just tried to do that and got shown the door. S.H.I.E.L.D. isn’t going to fare any better.”
He nudged the glass of seawater closer. When Tony nodded but made no move towards the glass, Steve carefully scooped him up, cradling him for a moment between his hands, taking in Tony’s tired face and limp body in the curve of his palms. Then he gently slipped him into the glass of seawater. The whole time, Tony clutched the little wrench like a security blanket.
“Just lie down?” Steve asked, even as he climbed over Tony, stopping briefly to press a kiss to his cheek, before reclining beside Tony.
Steve inhaled sharply at that but didn’t hesitate in putting the box down on his knee and lifting one bracelet out of the box. This time, it was his own hands that were trembling, suddenly shaky from the magnitude of the moment.
Tony lifted the first canvas out of the box, holding it right in front of his face so Steve couldn’t even see his reaction. The seconds ticked pass and Steve was starting to squirm when Tony flipped the canvas so it faced the front of the stage for the cameras to see. There was a big grin on Tony’s face.
When all the palladium poisoning had been cleared up, when Vanko and Hammer had been locked away, Steve opened his apartment door to Tony standing on the other side of it.
“Steve, stop teasing,” Tony cried out.
“It’ll take awhile before the aquarium will be usable, maybe about four to six weeks. There’s all these things about cycling the tank and curing the live rock. So you won’t be able to use it right away,” Steve explained. He moved over to his desk from the large tank so that he could touch a finger to Tony’s outstretched hand.
It was soft and homely, a quiet moment showing Tony surrounded by the creations he so dearly loved.
Now, Bucky watched as Tony leapt onto the conference table and laid down with his paws tucked neatly under him, resulting in his body resembling a little loaf of black bread. It was too cute and Bucky was finding it hard to reconcile this with Tony Stark. From the way the others kept looking Tony’s way, he wasn’t the only one.
“Lovely,” Tony murmured hoarsely, his throat not up for more than that.
Steve groaned, thighs trembling under Tony’s hands.
Tony looked him in the eye and asked earnestly,
The frown faded and Tony looked smug again. “I’ve always been a fast learner.”
Patting him on his shoulder, Nat suggested, “Maybe I’ll be your backup instead, hm?”
After Doctor Strange explained the situation involving Thanos, there were a lot of discussions around what to do. Bucky mostly kept out of it, uninterested and feeling like he didn’t have enough grasp on the situation to comment.
Bucky sighed. Of course a regular video call with Steve would get him mixed up in fighting against a threat to
He presses down on the trigger button and grins triumphantly as…nothing happens.
“On a different coast,” Tony pointed out.
Tony seemed to still be admiring the box, rather than making a move to open it. The large box was made from sturdy white cardboard Steve had put together. Along all four sides of the box was a painted skyline of New York against the red and gold backdrop of dawn, the Avengers tower featuring prominently as part of the skyline. On the lid of the box, the red and gold of the sky came together to meet in the middle in a white-blue glow. In the middle of the glow, Steve had painted faint lines to resemble an ethereal arc reactor, like there was an arc reactor instead of the sun lighting up the sky.
Which is how they ended up being turned into a dog and a cat by an offended alien sorcerer.
The world contracted around Steve. It pulled in and squeezed, shoved him down and in until he couldn’t breathe and it was just too much, there was just too much bearing down on him…
upgrades would ruin the 1948 vintage-”
Steve shakes his head. “You’re just another madman.”
Tony looked at the lid of the box for so long that Steve had to fight not to squirm and in the end, couldn’t help but say, “I wanted to decorate the box but it’s not the actual gift. The gifts are inside.”
The event was massive. Even after all the screening and preliminary eliminations through the interviews, they had to hold it at an arena large enough to host everyone. It was probably why Tony chose to do it where the old Stark Expo used to be held, in Flushing Meadows.
“I didn’t— I didn’t think that far,” Tony admitted. “I just thought you would have a good time, eat some good food, experience how the whole deal was like without any pressure. I didn’t think you would actually want to court someone at one of these things. It didn’t seem like your kind of thing.”
“So what’s your mission?” Steve asked.
Steve tapped the off button on the television’s remote control and left it at the foot of the bed. He turned around and crawled forward, knowing he was letting himself be manipulated by Tony’s unsubtle machinations. Grinning, Tony reclined back until Steve crawled right up over him, arms by Tony’s shoulders so that he was hovering just over Tony now.
Clint sighed. “Keep your flirting down, come on.”
There was nothing.
Steve realized that it was half an hour past the time they usually met up again. He was stiff with fear, not moving an inch from where he stood. His jaw was clenched against his worries, as he imagined a life empty of Tony’s presence at his desk, empty of Tony’s voice in his head.
“And yet he was the one gatecrashing, so desperate to court an Omega he doesn’t want,” Tony said with a disparaging look, addressing the audience who gawked at the sudden little drama. Clapping his hands twice, Tony continued like nothing had happened, “Okay, next!”
Sam suggested, “Coffee, the smell of petrol from a fancy car, expensive aftershave, oh yeah, that’s the sexy stuff.”
He ignored the concerned looks they exchanged and headed out.
“You’re late,” Steve said through gritted teeth, still feeling the fear sour in the back of his throat. He bent down stiffly, holding the opaque plastic bag in the water so Tony could swim into it.
When he gets back to the counter with his prize - two bottles of cold water - Steve’s still there, but now he’s looking a tad impatient.
Alexandre and Vicente had approached Tony no less than four times within that half an hour. Every time he broke away to talk to someone else, they would inevitably come over and edge their way into the conversation. Tony couldn’t figure out if they were possibly in some sort of pact and were angling for a threesome with him, or if they were competing for his attention and their individual presence was egging each other on.
Taking a deep breath, Tony said, “Then, there’s family.”
That was...technically true. Steve laughed ruefully, aware that both Tony and him seemed destined to be managed by their respective Jameses at every turn.
He walked into the shop and looked at the prominent display on a stand right by the entrance. On a deep blue velvet cushion was a delicate round bottle encased in finely wrought red metalwork, the bottle containing a clear gold liquid. There was a smaller tester bottle beside the cushion and he picked that up to spray a little of the scent into the air.
Well, if Tony was up for it, why not? Steve carefully unbuttoned and unzipped himself one-handed, pulling out his now straining cock. He knew he didn’t need much to come at this point, not after the display Tony put up, not after knowing that Tony felt safest in his hands. Literally so this time.
Steve didn’t exactly make every part of the Scentears earrings by hand. For one, he had no idea how to work with metal and turn it into fine DUM-E and U-shaped earrings. But when he had turned up for the very pricey scentears course, they had a little machine that could make whatever shapes you wanted out of metal, as long as you drew out the parts you wanted and designed how they fit together. Steve had fun with that machine once he had figured it out, carefully working it so that he could create moving joints for the earrings. Then he had made the scent himself, guided by the tutor there, who had listened with bafflement as he had described what he wanted.
He held Steve’s cock by the base, relishing in the gasp he got for such a simple touch. The glossy head of Steve’s cock was peeking out of his foreskin, and Tony gently pumped his hand, revealing the rest of his lovely pink cock. Leaning forward, he closed his mouth around the head, moaning immediately at the generous precome leaking onto his tongue. He sucked experimentally, just the tip of the cock, feeling Steve’s body jerk with pleasure.
Tony tugged at Steve’s hair until they were further apart, until he could look into those eyes, azure blue rimmed around wide dark pupils. Seve looked at him with softness and wonder in his eyes, like he was drinking in every inch of Tony’s face and couldn’t get enough.
Steve ignored him and walked off, mind already churning through the plans he had.
Tony shrugged, waving the hand not touching Steve’s finger airily.
“F.R.I.D.A.Y., please don’t tell me you approved Tiberius Stone as one of my suitors?” Tony asked with an unimpressed squint directed at the man in what was likely to be a very expensive white suit.
“Um…”  Peter began, tactfully.
“And so I will,”  Tony promised,  “-but I can’t have a gorgeous lady in a golden mask wandering out in her birthday suit, or Peter’ll want one too.”
“Welcome back, Iron Man,” Warbird smiled down at him.
Tony nodded approvingly, and wrote back,
“Dammit, the hologram’s still pixelating along your hairline…”  Tony frowned, reaching out for it.
Tony felt the steadying weight of Steve’s big hands around his shoulders…
The nurse looked from Harry to Peter, and from Peter to Tony and his oddly lumpy hockey bag.
What would it have been like to have looked like that from the beginning?
Didn’t usually kiss like it was a contest either, although he could…
War Machine looked up past Tony’s elbow at the speaker, silent.
The jets themselves had been different too of course, the first generation he’d re-cast from the high-grade alloys of a crashed A.I.M. transport.  That had been a good capture, sunk in shallow water at the foot of a secluded cliff just upstate.  When he’d wanted more parts off the thing all he had to do was raise it with his repulsors…  Tony had used about a third of the metals over time, but then one day he’d gone back, and the wreck just hadn’t been there anymore.
you fit all these in the Jukebox, anyway?”  Steve asked, tapping the top edge of ‘Jailhouse Rock’.
Tony subconsciously heard the sound of the window opening, and went from dead asleep in Steve’s US Army sleeping bag to standing pressed up against the cold brick wall between two of the large windows in about a second and a half.
Tony glanced down at the front of Steve’s pants, then back up.
“You guys wanna hear something new?”  Tony called over his shoulder.
him, and put a hand on his shoulder.  Tony looked back at him silently, and had the strangest feeling that he was being …knighted.
He reversed his bootjets and his hand repulsors together, crashing back into his opponent in a surprise attack.  He hadn’t been set right for it though, so the move that should have ripped off the control cable Tony had spotted running below the right lower edge of War Machine’s helmet, bent the mount of War Machine’s heavy, shoulder-mounted gun instead.  Fine, thought Tony, I’ll take that…
“Are you still up for it?”  Steve asked, not pressuring him.
Tony snorted abruptly, and dissolved into a helpless giggling fit.
Steve set his shield down on the sheets, star up.
“I… pleased to meet you.”
Steve was walking up to them, now less than fifteen feet away.  There were a few gray-black smears on the brightly-colored mail and leather of his costume, and one longer, darker ash-mark across the face of his shield, but…
Steve put his hand in Tony’s, and they danced.
It was okay.
‘Century Cryogenics’, that paid occasional repair bills to someone named Mitch Germaine, who maintained a joint checking account with Tony but didn’t seem to exist aside from this…
“-They’re going to nail your ass to the wall for this, you know that right?”  Tony warned him, suddenly serious.
Tony moved his hand to the right, and wiped the condensation off a section of mirror that didn’t have Steve’s finger-traced palm tree sketched on it.
“Poor kid…  Even her own lackey thought that move was déclassé…”
“Shrapnel,” Peter said, carefully.
Pause.
.  Tony was a good man, and a complicated one.  He was also a hero in his own right, because he’d dared to imagine it so, and worked tirelessly to make it true.
“…Fucking
The Red Skull’s fingers closed reflexively around his prize, but Peter yanked the line back with his full spider-enhanced strength, and the cube lashed backwards before the Skull could remember to wish instead of grab, embedding itself in the drywall near the top of the closet door.
“Wait, Fury did
enough-
Peter found he could move again, and had to execute a quick back-flip to keep from falling over.  He bounced off the tips of his fingers, and landed lightly in front of Tony in a crouch.
Iron Man opened a panel in the red armor covering his left forearm, flipped two toggle switches, and slapped it shut.  The unibeam projector on his chest crackled for a moment, then subsided to a steady, dangerous glow.
In German, ‘morgen’ meant ‘morning’.  ‘Morning and Sunset’, so very cute.  The ‘Bain’ of Tony’s existence… though that was her maiden name now.
The Iron Horse Garage, 4:35 PM.
Tony took off his sunglasses in a deliberate gesture, slipped them into his shirt pocket, and saluted crisply.
“Good.  I, uh… I found it when I was putting the couch cushions back,” Steve said, running a hand through his own sleep-spiked hair.
“Maybe the Vibranium’s capable of preserving some kind of wave-harmonic record…”  Tony said thoughtfully, not sounding half as coherent as he thought he did.
“Well, it’d be easier to clean than armor,” Tony reflected, philosophically.
“…What were you saying just now about professor Yinsen?”  Steve asked, leaning back against the kitchen counter.
“Good morning,” said Captain America, brightly.
“Of course it’s a freezer,” Tony smirked.
“Yes, you
“You did.  They’re right there in the book,” Steve said, pressing a kiss low against the plane of Tony’s stomach.
“You may have something there…”  Tony admitted thoughtfully, not really having heard the part about using a spotter.
Steve patted his pocket. “That’s the plan.”
Obadiah grabbed Tony’s chin and jerked so Tony’s eyes would be on him this time. “It’s time to focus on this, Tony.” He held the barrel of the gun, resting it right under Tony’s chin. “Just know that when I do this, it’s not personal, it’s just business.”
“Reports have now come in from the US Air Force. Tony Stark has been found alive and is currently in a hospital in Germany. He is expected to return to the United States within the next few days.”
“How long until one of them pukes in the bouncy castle?” Tony mused.
Bruce’s lips became a thin line as he took his time inspecting the larger cut on Tony’s temple.
Steve started after him, cursing Tony with everything he had as he ran through the labyrinth that made up Stark Industries.
“Yes sir, Mr. Bossypants.”
“Dazzle might not be the right word.”
“They believe it is pertaining to the Tesseract used by Johann Schmidt during World War II. It is unclear how much he was able to manipulate the use of the cube before it burned him alive, but Steve was fighting against him and disappeared shortly after. You might know of him at Steve Rogers, Captain America and the Star Spangled Man.”
Steve smiled genuinely for the first time. “Good. This mushy talk is killing me.”
Steve watched as the others left, Bucky placing his arm around Natasha’s shoulders, a kiss to her temple and a suggestion of relaxing for a bit as they made their way out of the room.
Steve shook his head and pointed toward the window. “There. What’s that?”
Tony laughed. “Did you just pep talk yourself?” When Steve didn’t so much as smile Tony felt himself really getting worried. “Steve,” he said quietly, taking a cautious step forward.
Steve walked briskly back onto the waiting elevator and Tony moved to follow. Steve held up a hand. “No. I won’t be here long. Just packing a few necessities before I leave.”
He’d texted Rhodey on the way home to nag him about missing his concert that night, but then told him he’d replaced him with a hot guy named Steve who he met for all of five minutes.
Huh. This was kind of neat. Dragging Peter away might be more difficult than he hoped and Pepper was suddenly texting him to find out where he was. He shot back a short reply before making his way toward Peter who was apparently having a very serious discussion with Mister Steve about the importance of not chasing animals or people with silverware because it was dangerous. Mister Steve was nodding gravely as if this was a completely serious and very real issue and held out his hand to shake Peter’s.
Tony smiled. “So I’ve noticed. I’m happy about that.”
Tony sat up and looked at Steve who was still panting, his eyes wide.
Bucky clapped Steve’s shoulder. “We’ll find him,” and then took off, sprinting down the hall. “Don’t do anything stupid!”
“I love you too, old timer.” Tony was smiling. It was the first time either of them had said it and they apparently couldn’t say that part without a little bit of snark thrown in there.
The genius hummed, mostly to acknowledge he’d heard the soldier but didn’t want to say more because that would imply he was actually going to take a break. Which he so wasn’t. Even if Steve got on his knees and begged Tony to stop because he’s overworking himself.
“I have them. Lots of them, but I’ll let you work those out on your own.”
Tony laughed at that. “Once I had the right tools, getting out was easy peasy. Yeah, I built a weapon, one for myself. I was able to hold them off long enough by telling them I needed more parts and more time. Of course, my plans changed just slightly when Schmidt stormed in and told me in no uncertain terms that I had until morning to produce something meaningful on threat of death. I stayed up the rest of the night working on that stupid weapon and then used it to blow a large chunk out of their facility. Then I ran and here I am.”
“Didn’t you hear me?” Tony asked slowly as if speaking to someone who was very stupid or slow. “Besides, this is your fault!”
“You are not that much taller than me, Clint, so pipe down.”
“Oh.” He wasn’t exactly prepared for that admission. Tony was never anyone’s favorite. “You’re not so bad yourself, Cap.” He picked up the cookie he’d made and held it in front of Steve’s mouth. “Eat up. Before the frosting gets nasty.”
Tony rolled his eyes. “Okay. I’ve never had a decent relationship with anyone in my life. I’m good at scaring people away. I’m selfish and…”
Steve pulled away from Tony, though he didn’t go far, hands still resting lightly on the other man’s hips. He spared a brief eye roll in Clint’s direction before turning his attention back to Tony, murmuring softly, “You are the most reckless, idiotic person I know.”
“It’s my fault!”
Not missed enough to go back, no. The thought alone shot a chill down his spine and set off a voice in his head that told him if he fell asleep he’d wake back up in that stupid warehouse surrounded by henchmen with more brawn than brain.
“The man who had you kidnapped and tortured. The man who is apparently trying to steal your company right out from under your nose.”
“I know.” The doctor sighed and finished his examination of Tony.
When Tony entered the door he was greeted to the sight of Obadiah holding a gun to Pepper’s back with one hand while the other worked furiously away at the computer.
“I need to contact them. They’ll help me. I know they will.”
The brunet smiled against Steve’s lips, laughing softly as his hand worked out a slow rhythm on Steve’s cock. After many nights of fantasizing about holding Steve’s apparently impressive member in his hands, he was going to make sure he got this right. Steve’s soft moans and heavy breathing were not exactly helping Tony out here and he began stroking faster, pulling away from the kiss to bury his face in Steve’s neck, licking a stripe from his shoulder to his ear.
Steve heard the low buzz of Natasha’s stingers going off and the loud cry of a guard. “Definitely incompetent. This one was just playing angry birds on his phone.”
Tony slapped his hand down on the table. “See? Everyone acts like they know what’s better for me more than I do. I’m a genius, a futurist. I can work things out faster than most people. I can imagine a variety of scenarios and outcomes based on the information I have prior knowledge to.” Tony shut his eyes. “My dad thought it would be better for me to go away to a boarding school at seven. He thought it would be better for me to learn how to behave like a man and not a little girl. He thought it would teach me to focus on only my work and nothing else. Obie thought he knew what was better for me, thought he could mold me into his little Obie-clone. He thought I needed a break after I told him I was done making weapons. I shared my new and improved ideas and he said that I was too young to know what I was dealing with and it’d be better for me to let him handle everything. Now I want to take him down and Steve thinks it’d be better for me if I was open to killing him?”
It wasn’t often Steve came across someone who enjoyed some of the older tunes. He knew better than to judge a book by its cover because despite being in a grunge band, Steve favored the older generations. He favored music that came from the 20s, 30s, 40s in ways he could never manage to feel for most of what he heard today. Maybe he was just a silly romantic, but he had always felt like he’d connected more with that era than any other.
Steve just nodded at Tony, appreciative of his help. Bucky was sitting up, flexing his arm, moving it around with a smile and even used it to lightly punch Steve in the arm. Judging by the look on Steve’s face, lightly was probably optimistic. Bucky just gave a small shrug. He looked happy though, and Steve would give anything to see his friend like that forever.
After he was sure Steve would stay quiet, Tony pulled his hand away and took a deep breath. Steve thought Tony was about to say something but Tony walked toward the piano and took a seat in front of it. The silence was killing Steve. He was also surprised to see that Tony was actually capable of silence, but that wasn’t something to point out now.
Bucky turned around with a rather large smile. Great.
Bucky just chuckled before groaning and putting his hands over his face. “Steve, I love you. I really do, but you’re going to have to leave and fix this.”
Great. He was never going to stop messing things up. He opened his mouth to apologize but Tony turned and walked quickly from the room without a word. He hadn’t even meant to snap at Tony. All he’d wanted was Tony after the hellish month he had, but instead he’d hurt his feelings or just pissed him off. Probably both knowing Tony.
“Who are you talking to?”
Tony arched an eyebrow. “Well the only other reason I can think of would be having a competent handyman around to fix problems, but as you can see, I have absolutely no luck as it is right now with everything and that’s including my traitor of a suit that not only powered down but won’t give me the tiniest spark of life unless I tap into my reactor right now in which case it will work and we can get out or it won’t work and both of us will somehow end up dying in a completely unromantic way because, let’s face it, when is death ever romantic, but I’d like to have enough power in my artificial heart to make it out of here because who wants to go down in history as the superhero who died in Russia in a shitty cabin in the middle of nowhere with only a fireplace and a few nasty blankets to keep him and his friend warm? Is that any way to--”
“That reminder was for me,” Steve said darkly. “One last thing. If you see Red Skull, take him out, no questions, no warnings.”
Tony shrugged, but there was another smirk, this one a bit more bitter and curdling at the edges. “Does HYDRA ring any bells? Johann Schmidt? Or maybe you know him as ‘Red Skull’. Yeah.”
Steve couldn’t hold back his grin when Tony attempted to push himself all the way to a sitting position only to fall back to his elbows as if his body were suddenly two times its previous weight. “Yeah. Out of the house somewhere.”
A chorus of yesses filled the small space and Mister Steve smiled again. “Wonderful.” He picked up the book next to his chair and propped it up on his lap so everyone could see the title. “Do you guys know what book this is?”
“Oh my god! You’re a genie!”
“Steve,” she said, voice softer this time. “You’re being too hard on yourself.”
He heard Clint scoff.
Tony blew out a breath. “Great. I was going to consider sending out a search party if I went without hearing from you for a month.”
Steve snapped. “Show some respect, kid. Realize where you are and understand your place, before we show you your way out.”
If he ever made it out of here, he was going to give Obie pure hell for making him go on this business trip. Until then…
Steve just rolled his eyes. “I don’t expect you to lay your flaws out on the table for me. You should let me be the judge of all of that. Should I be worried that my flaws are going to scare you away?”
Natasha rolled her eyes. “Let’s go, Rogers. We’ll discuss the unresolved sexual tension between you and Tony later on.”
“I’m staying in. Bruce can stabilize it when he gets here, but you’re not taking me out of the game.”
“I feel like you’re taking your sass to new levels now that we’re actually on a date. You weren’t this sassy before.”
“You don’t trust me.” Tony supplied, voice carefully blank.
“Not really. No,” he answered, still coughing. “I really wish Steve was here right now.”
“Just saying. You’ve got a good thing. He’s got a good thing with you. Don’t let your insecurities mess it up.”
“Touché, but we’re talking about you. Steve, please, stop doing this. Stop blaming yourself for things that aren’t your fault. If Bucky is in there somewhere and does come back out, what do you think he’d say to you if he knew you were blaming yourself this much?”
“My thoughts exactly, grandpa.”
They sat in silence for a moment.
*****
“Then what am I, Tony?” Steve was practically hollering at this point.
“Why haven’t we had this talk sooner?”
“It appears that we have come across a problem concerning Tony Stark.”
Pepper cleared her throat, polite if not just a tad intimidating. “Captain. Don’t get me wrong here, we can see that Tony appears to be in...” she eyed Tony from head to toe. “Well, he appears to be his usual self and most importantly alive and well, but I have to ask what exactly you are getting out of all of this?”
“No. I’m not going anywhere, Tony. I think you’re stuck with me.”
Two hours later the kitchen counters were covered in frosting and Steve was pretty sure more of Clint’s frosting ended up in his mouth rather than on his cookies.
Tony’s smile fell from his face and he sighed. “That doesn’t count.”
What was it like to be on the opposite end of the spectrum? He knew people who struggled to make ends meet and he wondered if that somehow made them stronger or made him weaker in comparison to all of his peers. They had free time, social lives and went to parties, clubs, restaurants, took walks in the park and went to theme parks. Tony had never had much time for that. He couldn’t remember a time in his life when he wasn’t living according to a schedule someone else had set for him.
“We’re going to have a conversation about your sass later, Steve the genie. Right now I’m taking a shower and processing the shock of this.” He pushed past Steve and made a beeline for the shower before he halted and then turned around again. He looked Steve right in the eye and pointed. “No peeking.”
Steve bit the metaphorical bullet, asked the genius out on a date, and was relieved when Tony enthusiastically told him yes. With the way that his heart had been hammering in his chest he felt like he’d turned back into that awkward asthmatic kid he once was. He was still awkward but at least the asthma was gone.
“Put her through, J.” He swung his legs over the back of the couch and landed on a cushion next to Steve.
When he returned to the tower, the others were having a monumental discussion over what had happened. Tony didn’t want to be petty, but he was sulking a little because he missed out and he wasn’t in the mood to listen. He could be like that. It was allowed. He had the money to prove it. Instead he gave them a smile as he tossed his jacket onto a nearby chair and loosened his tie while waiting for the elevator to take him to his workshop.
The genie flashed Tony with a brilliant smile then and reached out to grope Tony’s chest. “Now we’re even.”
Steve arched an eyebrow. “I’m decent enough. I’ve got a partial scholarship and was able to get a grant as well.”
You’re still here though.
“Nah ah ah,” Steve responded, wagging his finger. “I’m not helping you until you answer a few questions for me. I need to be able to trust you, Stark, or else this won’t work.”
Steve gave a half-hearted shrug. “Trying to get readjusted to the time here and…”
It took a week before Tony shuffled his way into Steve’s office, disheveled and jittery, looking both nervous and determined. Steve should have taken it for the warning it was.
“So, you two know each other,” Steve surmised.
This kid was spoiled rotten.
“We are going to talk about what is and is not appropriate for my utility belt later on, Mr Stark.”
“It was a children’s movie!”
Tony sighed as he walked into his shop. “Delete all. Dial Pepper.”
Steve grabbed the lube and poured it over his other fingers, making sure there was more than enough, pulling out and then adding another finger. Tony’s moan was wanton and loud and Steve couldn’t be bothered to worry about whether or not the neighbors could hear. He began pumping his fingers at a more vigorous pace, his mouth covering the head of Tony’s cock once more, his tongue dancing around it.
Tony ducked his head and rubbed at his neck, shrugging slightly. “Pretty much, yeah.”
“Does it...do they know how this happened? Why do the files exist?”
He parked his bike and timidly approached the door, pressing the button for the doorbell. The door opened and Steve felt like he was about to walk into a murder mystery.
Tony crouched down and began gesturing for the bot to come closer. “For what?”
“Come back.”
The genius turned his body so he could look at Steve. “I have a history of royally screwing up everything, especially things like this. Everyone knows it.”
“Bruce can vouch for him, even though he’s no fun and repeatedly told me I was wasting my time building something just for the amusement of others. Sometimes he reminds me just how old he really is. I can show you though, Nuts-N-Bolts has--well, he’s a learning bot so he hears commands and improves over time, but--” Tony wrinkled his nose. “This would be easier to just show you. Right now. I’ll show you right now.”
*****
“Before you ask, I got your cheeseburger waiting for you, Tones. Glad you finally decided to join us, Mr. Rhodey-You-Better-Come-Before-I-Never-See-Your-Headed-for-the-Military-Ass again.”
“You know that excuse won’t work forever.”
“Just go!” Tony pleaded.
“What’s his monitor saying?” Natasha asked, much calmer than everyone else seemed to be.
He got used to the bot, had even taken to making sure the door was held open until Nuts-N-Bolts could enter the room completely even though Bucky and Clint tried and failed to hold back their snickering everytime he did.
And, yeah, okay. Steve understood where he was coming from there. His attitude had maybe been a little rough around the edges this week, but, that had less to do with Stark than it had to do with his men screwing up a simple shipment. The third one this year, which was really three too many.
“What was the point of doing this in the first place? Do you have any idea what it must be like for Tony right now to--”
“That’s a no.” The billionaire held up his hands, palms out. “I just thought you’d want company. It wasn’t a come on, but don’t worry about it. We’ll talk whenever you’re in the mood to socialize or whatever. I have too many things to do anyway.”
“I made them.”
He pushed open a door that lead to nothing but another dead end. “Stark’s gone after Stane, I’m in pursuit now. You guys handling things alright on the front lines?”
Waking up under the sun on a deserted island was actually not any fun at all. Granted, this was the second time he had now done that and this was the second time in a row he hated it. At least his head didn’t hurt as much this time. Small miracles.
“No, but I feel…”
Steve’s hands were sliding over Tony’s back and then down to his rear, gripping firmly. Tony will tell anyone until the end of time that what escaped his lips was definitely not a needy whimper, and that it was definitely not what prompted Steve to flip them over so Tony was the one sitting underneath the soldier.
Steve smiled and kissed Tony’s forehead. “I wonder when I’ll get my shovel talk.”
A hand on his wrist stopped him from carrying on with the threat.
“It takes some getting used to,” the disembodied voice of J.A.R.V.I.S. responded, sounding slightly amused when the genie jumped once more. “Now if you don’t mind, I’ll be running some personal scans of my own to make sure you’re no threat. In the meantime, there is food in the kitchen, a television in almost every room, or you might choose to appreciate the view of the skyline from Master Stark’s penthouse living room.”
“What’s going on?” he mumbled almost unintelligibly.
Obadiah rolled his eyes, as if he didn’t have a care in the world. “Why do you think he’s dead, boy?”
“I didn’t say I minded. I had years of no one to talk to me.”
Tony chuckled quietly. “You’ll find something eventually.”
“Oh my god. I didn’t mean to turn the sass back on. Get in my damn car.”
This was exactly why he wasn’t good enough for Steve.
“I guess—the connection I’m trying to make here is that while you were selfless enough to let your girl go, give her the space she asked for, I wasn’t—I’m not. When she left I clutched at anything she could give me even at the expense of her. That’s why people like you, Cap, despite what you do, you deserve any piece of happiness this life has out there for you, even if it means leaving things behind to get it.”
Steve frowned. “What? Why?”
“No. It’s not everyday my life is turned into a Nick at Nite marathon.”
Tony conceded and he and Steve managed to find a lot to talk about on their drive to the pricey restaurant Tony had insisted upon. Their conversation continued through dinner, covering a vast array of topics including the story about Peter and his birth mother, Steve’s time in the army which came after he had expressed his disapproval over a woman who could just abandon a child as wonderful as Peter like that and the depressing topic concerning the deaths of their parents which was abruptly ended when Tony said it wasn’t appropriate date talk. Then they were back to Peter.
, yes,
Steve let out a breath he didn’t realize he was holding. “Steve.” He jerked his head slightly back toward the area where the stage was...more or less. “I saw you playing out there earlier too. You’re really--you’re really good.”
“Tony…”
Tony laughed. “So do you think this will become a regular thing? I play, you watch?”
Steve did just that, taking his shirt off after Tony began driving and wringing the water out all over his floorboard. He didn’t comment, though, when Tony almost wrecked the car when he finally got a good look at him without his shirt.
Tony smiles. “I bet you’d be so happy for people to know how much you love having things shoved up your ass. If they knew what a slut you are for my cock.”
Rhodey smiled. “You know all about his past right?”
Steve watched him as he stopped in front of one of Steve’s bookcases that lined the walls. Tony pulled out Steve’s worn copy of the The Hobbit with a raised brow as he flipped carefully through the pages. “You know,” Tony said, apropos to nothing, “I used to think Pepper was the one for me.” Tony set the book carefully back in its place and trailed his way over to Steve’s desk until he could prop himself up on the edge. “I wanted—I thought I wanted the kind of life that everyone dreams about. She’s always seemed so self assured and put together and balanced. I wanted that, I wanted whatever it was that made her that way to rub off on me somehow. Lord knows how I got her to go out with me once let alone date me for as long as she did. I don’t blame her for not staying. I mean, she never really left, she’s still one of my best friends, but I don’t blame her for ending our relationship. I’m the genius but I’m also selfish. I would have held on until I ruined us. She was smart enough to pull away while we could still hold on to what made us and us to begin with.”
Rhodey just grinned and clapped Tony’s shoulder, then his cheek. “I’m happy you’re back, Tones.”
Zola plopped back down and took long heaving breaths.
Tony opened his mouth to speak at the same time Steve’s cell phone beeped and a throat cleared loudly behind them. They turned at the same time to see Natasha grinning at them. Just a little. Actually it might have been a smirk. Steve would ask Tony about that later.
A deep breath and another forced smile later, Tony answered. “I guess. I don’t know if there is really any reason to stick around. It’s not like my dad hasn’t already found me an apartment and told me I need to get out of his hair.”
Steve looked in every place he could think of, in every crawl space his home had and in every nook and cranny that he thought Tony might even possibly be able to squeeze into. When each spot turned up empty, Steve rushed his way to the debrief room where the others were already waiting, anxious and ready to go.
So that was Tuesday. At least their new comm units had worked well, not that there was any doubt since Tony had made them himself.
They were both smiling, just lightly swaying with each other while strangers came and went. The next thing he knew, Tony was kissing him, holding onto him like he would never let go. Steve was more than okay with that though. He sort of understood the feeling.
Peter smiled brightly and looked back at Tony who winked at him.
Steve shook his head. “How the hell should I know? Someone get Tony—where is he?”
The first shovel talk came from Natasha.
“No one has ever drawn me before. Photographs I’ve got plenty of, but drawings...they let you know how someone else sees you.”
“I happen to like these clothes.”
“Oh really? Then what are you running away from?”
“The information I’ve found suggests otherwise. And if he knows you’re not dead then he’ll probably be paying you a visit soon. I can’t even get to him to stall him. His secretary is handling everything outside of the current business he is conducting and…”
That earned a snort from the blond.
“Sir, you have 200 new voicemails and 700 emails as well as text messages. Would you like to sort through them now?”
Rhodey shook his head. “Nah. Not yet. I need to ask you a few questions.”
“Don’t leave us,” the blond bit out, then shook his head, a flush making its way up his neck. “No. That didn’t—we haven’t—I haven’t seen you in awhile and…It’s not about just what you can do for us, that’s not what I’m trying to say, I wanted to make that clear.”
Tony opened his mouth to say that he wasn’t the one that was getting married but was cut off when his phone began ringing. That would be Pepper.
Steve looked up from the sink and gave him a big smile. “I have no idea what you’re talking about, Tony.”
Pepper just laughed. “If you say so.”
Tony rolled his eyes. “Since the battle with Loki. Okay? It’s not a huge deal.”
Steve snapped his sketchbook closed and stood up, turning to walk out the door before he started an argument he suspected neither of them were ready for. “I’ll be back later. Sleep.”
“You’ve always got a plan don’t you?”
“Is that so? I’m going to have to declare unfair punishment for a crime I haven’t committed.”
“Oh my god. Dad, stop it. Are you trying to scare him away?”
Steve let the silence take over as he thought, unsure of the answer even though he’d thought of it plenty of times before. Steve shifted when Tony’s hand ran down his back, from shoulder to the dip in his back, and took a deep breath. “Probably not,” he admitted. “I don’t think that life is one we were meant to have together. I’ll always love her, but I can’t spend my life wondering ‘what if’. Brooklyn is my world. There are things here that I’m not willing to give up and there are things there that she’s not willing to give up either. This is where life brought us both. It’s where we’re meant to be for whatever reason.”
Steve took his bike to the address given to him by Tony. When he stopped in front of the gates of a mansion, he had to do a double take and make sure he was at the right place. He rolled the motorcycle to the gate and found an intercom. He pressed the button and was met with a very British voice.
The next few weeks went by and Steve’s moodiness level increased by 100 percent. His teammates had tried to engage him in conversation on several occasions, but his temperament was everywhere and no one no longer knew what to expect from him. Most interactions occurred when he instigated them.
Tony whistled low and impressed, elbowed Rhodey in the side. “He’s like every action movie star you’ve ever seen, right? Got our very own Captain America walking about.”
Bucky took a subtle step forward, only stopping when Steve held up his hand. “You got a name?”
“Steve! Steve, stop. Please!”
“Shutting up would be a great start.” He was busy trying to light a match to get the fire started, but his hands were shaking.
The blond had his hands already reaching for his phone to send out an alert when he heard the bedroom door open followed by a whirring noise that he’d recognize almost anywhere.
“It’s a time for family,” Steve offered.
“Just do it.”
“That’ll do, Steve. That’ll do.” He was the one who made the decision that Steve was finished with his hair and threw an arm over his best friend’s shoulder while holding on to his beer in the other hand. “So Natasha is performing tonight too.”
“Lube.”
“I still should have known though!” the brunet shouted. He took in a shaky breath, breathing a little too fast now. “I should have been able to detect that my own boyfriend wasn’t…”he scratched his head and looked down. “Something should have clued me in. I mean he was a little grumpier lately but considering what was going on it wasn’t much of a shocker, but I should have known. How stupid can I be? I’m supposed to be a genius, Steve!”
He was cut off when his com made a buzzing in his hand; an incoming call. Steve placed the device back in his ear. “Rogers. Any news?”
“You know what? I don’t think I like this backtalk. Date’s off.”
Tony grinned. “Don’t be so hard on yourself. I wish I had a sandwich.”
The genie’s face was blank. He shrugged. “If you say so.”
Tony nodded and moved even closer to Steve. “I think you’re cool. I have my very own Captain America costume and Jarvis lets me wear it whenever I want to. I told my dad that I wanted to be just like you and he told me that’d be impossible.”
“Don’t start. I already know the spiel. Natasha threatened to castrate me with a shovel if I hurt Steve. You’ll taser me to death I’m sure. I’ve heard it all already. I hear everyone loud and clear.”
He chuckled in disbelief. “From who? HYDRA? Whatever it is that goes bump in the night?” Tony took another sip of his drink, eyes on anything but Bruce’s face. “I’ve told you things, Bruce. I’ve opened up to you. I trusted you. You even knew about my involvement with Bucky’s arm and the risks associated with the work and you told me nothing.” He shook his head, finally allowed himself to meet Bruce’s eyes, eyes brewing with a million unspoken apologies. He made his voice as strong as he could. “I don’t need to be protected. I’m not a child anymore.”
“Dad! Are you and Steve going to be together?”
“I wish he’d just tell me that himself,” Steve mumbled.
Steve rolled his eyes. “Sure. You?”
The genius turned for a moment, pilfering the last root beer from the fridge with a small smile of vindictive victory before sitting in the chair across from his friend. Was Bruce ever his friend?
Steve rolled his eyes. “Fine. I know I want to. That better?”
Steve stood before he realized he was moving, making his way toward Tony where he placed a hand on the man’s shoulder and steered him until he was sat in an empty chair. Tony looked at Steve in surprise when he didn’t immediately remove his hand but Steve ignored him in favor of addressing the others. “Clear the room. Whatever it is, Tony doesn’t need us looking over his shoulder as he catches up. We’ll reconvene in a few hours.”
“Yeah. I guess. You’re closed off now. More so than you used to be. I miss the way we used to be comfortable with each other. Now we can’t agree on anything. I’ve been trying to just deal with these last few weeks in stride, but it has been hard, Tony. I could have used the kind of friendship we used to have, but do you even know what I’ve been going through?”
“Stop lying to me, Cap! I get it! You’re upset and brooding and you apparently can’t tell up from down or whatever phrase would apply to your current situation that would actually make sense. If you don’t want to be with me anymore, that’s fine. I won’t push it, but you owe me an explanation. You owe me that much.”
“I know. I’m pretty awesome, aren’t I?” He winked at Steve. “I guess I just want to know why you’re so determined to make sure I believe it. Especially since all I did was cling to you, which by the way, I’m going to have Jarvis erase all evidence of that.”
“I’m right here with you.” He started rubbing a hand up and down Steve’s back as fast as his own hand was able to. “You’re not alone and I won’t let the cold take you again, Steve.”
Tony had not tried to contact Steve once though and Steve was sure he’d lost him forever. He did not want that to hurt as much as it did, but knowing that Tony had an actual career outside of The Avengers and knowing that Tony was well-known and that he was a prodigy...well Steve just didn’t see how he’d held Tony’s interest even as long as he had. Tony was on a level of intelligence that placed him out in the stratosphere, living high above those who were just average. Maybe average was the wrong word. Everyone had their strengths and their weaknesses, it just seemed that Tony’s strengths far outweighed his weaknesses and it left Steve feeling like he would never be able to keep up with him, or that Tony would get bored with him fast and move on to someone else.
They were playing some kind of game and after today, Steve was determined more than ever to be the team coming out on top.
So why was he having this internal panic attack? It wasn’t love. It had to have been a lust thing. It really did. Lust does things to a person’s mind and it was affecting Tony majorly. So it was absolutely not love. Not even something that could become love. It was lust plain and simple.
Steve didn’t say anything for about five seconds before his lips were crashing against Tony’s, his arms wrapping tightly around the genius’ torso, smiling and crying but really only a little if anyone asked and mostly because he was happy and also looking forward to Tony keeping his promise.
Tony’s eyebrows shot up. “Steve?” He had no idea why he was still standing there instead of just storming off like he usually did. Of course no one else had Steve’s eyes and his stupid dopey grin that Tony saw when Steve wasn’t angry with him.
“As long as I have nothing on the schedule then I don’t see why not. I could always ask Natasha to bring you along.”
“Am I supposed to be falling asleep right now? If so, the plan is not working. Feel free to do what you can at this moment to thoroughly wear me out for good.”
He looked at Steve and shook his head. “No. That’s...I can’t. That isn’t me handling problems I got myself into.”
Steve opened his mouth, snapped it shut, and then opened it again, sure that he didn’t want to tell Tony  and yet he heard his voice, quiet but strong, falling away from him. “She was amazing. Feisty and strong, funny, she didn’t take shit from anyone. So independent, never needed anyone else to take care of her, even me.” Steve paused, the familiar lump in his throat restricting his words just the slightest bit. “We missed our window, I guess. Or maybe there was never a window in the first place. Too many things were happening then, all at once.” Steve let his eyes fall to the compass that still sat on his bookshelf, the one that held her picture. “She eventually left, and nobody blamed her, me least of all. This wasn’t the life she had wanted for herself. It’s not the life anyone sane really wants. Peggy found a way out, lord knows you only get very few chances, and she took it. She moved back to England last I heard.”
Steve snorted as he turned off the car. “Please, Tony. I don’t take dates home with me on the first date.”
“So what’s it going to take to make you stop hating me at this point.”
“We should do it again.”
Tony grinned and waggled his eyebrows, speaking quietly. “I’m counting on it.”
PPS-Everything I said is true though.
Steve just nods and whimpers, still trying to remember how his muscles work. He looks thoroughly fucked out and blissed, and Tony wishes he could capture this exact moment to look back upon later.
Tony just shoved the black shirt further under his nose. “Come ooooon. Just try it on. I promise I’ll leave you alone once I do a few tests.”
Steve couldn’t help but grin and looked back down at his drawing. “I just--”
Steve sighed and began staring out the window again. “Everything seems right but wrong. The same but different. Familiar but unfamiliar. I feel like I’m missing something.”
“Did you just…”
“Tony, shut up,” Steve growled, burying his face in Tony’s neck and breathing heavily against it, his composure slipping.
Tony cut an amused, almost belittling look towards Steve. “Aye, aye, Captain.”
Steve smiled politely. “You too, Sharon. I had a good time.”
Steve sighed, pulled away. “I know.” He reached down and laced his fingers with Tony, pulling him toward the others. “You know, as angry as I am that you came, you did do a good job.”
It didn’t help when Obie started to laugh, mocking Tony with a sneer. “You still can’t do it. You want to believe that you’re big and tough, but you still can’t kill me. Even when you could have you wasted your time talking.”
Steve shook his head but smiled. “Only if you play your cards right.”
JARVIS sounded slightly put upon. “Mister Stark has requested a moment alone with Obadiah Stane.”
Steve’s eyes grew wide and he didn't get a chance to back out of the room, he’d been caught as the keyboardist turned around, his eyes becoming just as wide.
Steve smiled. “I was coming in here to make a sandwich, you just happened to be in here too.”
Tony outright smirked at that and dragged the soldier to the nearest sofa to push him down so he could straddle his thighs. He wasted no time in pressing his lips to Steve’s once more, his tongue immediately seeking entrance. He felt Steve grab hold of his waist and knew it was okay to keep doing what he was doing.
“This is just me though, Steve.”
Tony pecked him on the cheek and Steve floundered, lost his words. Tony smirked. “Cool, new trick.”
Steve laughed softly, pressing another kiss to Tony’s lips. “You can, but just know that I don’t plan on putting out again until the third date.”
Tony rolled his eyes and nodded. “Then why?”
If Steve had been in shock before by what he’d seen, it had been nothing compared to what he was witnessing now. He let out a gasp and turned, only to come face to face with an arm and a claw. He turned around again and there was another right behind him. He inched backward a little and bumped into Tony. “What…?
“Good luck, Captain.” JARVIS said just as Steve pushed open the door with maybe just a bit too much strength as it went sailing open, slamming against the wall with a BANG.
Tony sniffled. “Only if you promise we can go inside right now. I don’t think I can feel my toes anymore.”
“I understand that, Tony. And I know it’s not something I can help you figure out, this is something you’ll have to decide on your own, but you will figure it out. For what it’s worth, I trust you, and I trust that you’ll do what’s right for you when the time comes.”
Obie smirked when the AI didn’t reply. “Come on now, Tony. Do you really think I’d come into your own home to threaten you if I didn’t have your AI knocked out of the equation for awhile? It’s interesting to see how much I was able to lock down without getting authorization from your computer. The elevator, the alarm system, any and all electronic devices with the ability to relay any outbound signals.”
Steve shook his head quickly and covered up his lack of focus with a smile, holding out his hand to the blonde girl standing in front of him. She was stunning and had a wonderful smile. Something about her seemed familiar, but he couldn’t quite put his finger on what it was.
Tony tossed his good arm over his face while the other was held close to his chest in what wasn’t the most comfortable position possible. Tony shuffled and huffed, engaged in a game of kick the covers until they rested somewhere between the edge of the bed and the floor. It wasn’t long until he found himself pulling them back up and suddenly it wasn’t as comfortable a bed as he thought. The cushioning was too soft, suffocating really, the blankets too warm and then not warm enough, and his pillow seemed to sink into itself until Tony’s neck felt ready to snap at its odd angle.
“I’m letting the fact you apparently have an AI as one of the only lines of defense for my men going into what I’m deeming hostile territory go and I’m trusting that you won’t fuck that up for us. No more people are going to be involved. None. We’re supposed to stay under the radar. You’re not accustomed to this, but I need you to understand. This is for your protection. This is for the protection of everyone on my team. You know what the people out there are capable of and I’m not putting my team, you, or even the people you care about at risk because you can’t handle not having your friends in your corner. Is that what you want? For them to get hurt, because they will if you involve them in this.”
Tony shrugged. “Wasn’t is the key word.” He started looking around, and Steve noticed just how jittery and panicked he actually looked once he paid attention. “I heard on the comm. Where’s Pepper?”
“You’re doing so good,” Tony whispered into Steve’s ear before nibbling on his earlobe. “So good for me, baby.”
Tony smiled. “Go answer it then. We’re going to open presents soon.”
“Oh yeah. I have to go...do this thing. I’ll probably be a little busy for the next few days actually because I have a concert thing.” Tony waved his hand dismissively as if what he was doing was not to be considered important. “So I might not be able to get in touch with you until after, but still. Call me!”
Steve’s head rose slowly, a faint noise making its way toward him. It sounded like...whirring of some sort. Possibly a remote control car like the ones he’d seen kids play with up and down the streets, or the ones he’d seen Clint and Thor racing up and down the hallways despite his warnings. Steve narrowed his eyes toward where the noise was coming from, he’d fallen over enough of those cars to last a lifetime and wasn’t in the mood for a repeat performance. Lord only knows the two of them wouldn’t clean up after themselves.
Tony gave Steve a strange look. “It’s okay. I’m okay. You really don’t have to--”
And then it was time to eat. Praise Odin. Tony could only hope this moment of utter humiliation (seriously, emotions were not his thing, okay?) would be forgotten or at least put away for the time being.
“Steve, I swear to god and all these angry drivers behind me right now that if you do not get into this stupid car I will get out and scream at you until you talk to me.”
“Then come,” Tony orders and Steve does. He makes noises meant only for Tony’s ears as he tenses up during his release, arms wrapped tightly around the genius. Tony pets his hair and lets him ride it out, relishing in the feel of Steve’s cock rubbing against his leg, even as Steve is begging him to turn off the vibrator.
“I’d like to order two cheeseburgers, a large fries and a large coke.”
“Nah. Just been busy today. That’s all.”
“What do you want for breakfast, kiddo?”
Tony smiled, let the room fall to silence for awhile. He’d needed to vent, at least a little bit and Bruce had always been good as a steady ear even as much as he protested that he didn’t have the temperament to go along with being a makeshift therapist.
“What do you want? Can you just knock or something?”
“Uh, hi?” Smooth, Tony.
“The first thing I’m doing when we get home will be to take a hot shower.”
“No.”
Tony sloppily saluted. “Aye, aye, Captain.”
“Okay!” Peter jumped down from the bed and grabbed Tony’s hand, pulling on it as hard as he could. “Daaaaad,” he whined. “Get up!”
“I thought we did," Tony replied quietly.
“Tony…”
Tony shoved at Steve’s shoulder gently, a smile in his eyes. “You know what? I take it back. You’re a jerk and I hope you have a miserable life.”
“What
“That’s good,” Peter nodded.
, but the sight of this beautiful man making the attempt would have been worth it even if it -hadn’t- felt good… which it did.
Steve studied the slightly blurred green and purple image on the front page of the newspaper in front of him.  The amateurish photo had been taken from below and at a distance, and it captured the collateral damage of the Goblin’s rampage far better than it showed the Goblin himself.  Steve searched for any flaw, any pattern or familiarity from the past in this new menace…
“Peter, thank god you’re safe,” Harry said, and engulfed him in a hug.
Then he started walking, and didn’t stop for a long time.  He hadn’t meant to start, he just needed the time to think.
“Definitely- -ohhh, I can feel your
“Luke heard about a smuggling ring on the East docks we should look into.  We’re meeting at seven on the pier where you fought Doc Ock last summer.”
“Good morning, Peter,” said Steve.
“I do now,” Steve told him.
“Okay, see you then.  Bye,” Tony hung up.  “YOU.  Teenagers with a car…”  He beckoned.
…”  Tony protested, pointing over towards the jukebox.
Tony’s kitchen, 9:23 PM.
Morgan started using the Maria Stark foundation to repair the damage to the city from super-powered battles?”  Tony interrupted, punctuating his point with a used butter knife.
The trouble was, Steve Rogers was almost as much of a ‘living weapon’ as Danny Rand.  Tony’s usual method of waking Steve up from a nightmare involved throwing a pillow at him from a distance, but…  Huh.  They did need a lot of basic things for this place.  He’d have to look into that later.
“Yes,” Steve said, smugly.
He let out a breath, and reached up to unplug the power cord from his chest.  It didn’t feel any different out than it had in, which meant the synch had finished long ago.  Tony let the cord slip out of his fingers to the floor, and raised his head a little.
“That sounds promising…”  Tony nodded.
They wouldn’t have been able to head him off -either-, if that hot-dogging terrorist hadn’t woken them all up
The furniture in the room looked modern, and most of it was distributed logically along one side or the other, leaving a wide open space down the middle that reminded her of Danny’s workout room.  There was a large bed at the end of the room, standing a few feet away from the wall at an angle, as if waiting for the pile of cardboard boxes huddled there to move.
On the table beside him his helmet radio was obligingly tapping into a so-called secure SHIELD frequency, though on the whole, Tony preferred the jukebox’s ‘
.  I’ve got a boy in the hospital who’s barely old enough to vote, a civilian who should never have learned you were working for SHIELD in the first place, and a motion from Thor and Warbird on my desk to turn your suspension from the Avengers into a full dismissal.  And so help me, with the facts I have at present, I’d vote with them.  I’m sure your work for SHIELD is important, but I won’t allow you to ride shotgun with us while ignoring my orders.  It’s too dangerous.  The Avengers are a team, War Machine.”
, Tony thought angrily.
“GahhhhOH MY GOD-hehehehehe!”
“Equipment -first-,” Tony insisted, swallowing quietly and wondering if he could brush off whatever was walking across the side of his neck without getting stung.
“I’d say you do,” Steve agreed.  -He would have felt embarrassed to ask for this half an hour ago, but after Tony had all but
He stood, still trembling, and raked a hand back through his sweaty hair.
“Tony?”  Steve interrupted him.
“See you, Harry.”
He set the corner a handbreadth from the lower left corner of his paper, and used the whole length of the metal, drawing two straight, bold lines.  Steve pictured his subject in his mind’s eye, a helicopter's canopy, and turned the ruler around, moving it against the first two lines until the proportions of the frame looked right.  He chose his moment, then drew the upper and right-hand sides of the frame in lighter.  Steve set the ruler aside, and began sketching.
“…You’re kidding me, right?”  Tony said, standing still for the insect’s examination.
“No time like the present,” Tony suggested.
“No…”  Steve said, with a shadow of his usual humor.
Steve swallowed around him, and Tony shut his eyes entirely, leaning his head back against the steam-wet tile.
“Okay, -I- could ask them what it was really like back then, and maybe get some pictures of their patches.”
Iron Man cut him off.
A strange impression, both of skin and smooth-woven cloth.
“Is Iron man fightin’ the Green Goblin out there?”  One of the thugs that Danny had taken down asked, rising cautiously to his elbows for a better view.
“Loud and clear, Captain.”  Steve said, and put his chin down on Tony’s shoulder.
“That,” he said, looking out over the skyline below, “-is a great city.”
“No, most of the bands weren’t even around when I got this,” Tony said, patting one of the jukebox’s polished fairings.
“-I’m glad you’re back, hero.”
He didn’t usually use the word without provocation, but tonight it seemed to fit.
“Tony Stark?”
“You haven’t exactly proven it otherwise. You live in a huge house. You’ve never had to fight to get to where you are today! Compared to everyone in the world who has to work to survive, you have it incredibly easy! You don’t even realize it! You’re just a rich spoiled brat who wants to make sure you can fit in with us by talking about how hard it is for you, how you’re struggling with the amazing skill you were given and how hard must it be to have everything handed to you when there are people out there who would kill to make a small percentage of what you’ve already got! You don’t even think about this!”
Natasha stood up and Tony sighed. “Okay, yeah, I’m a genius, but I’m not good at everything. Like this for example.” Natasha slowly sat down so Tony could continue. “I have everything anyone could ever hope for. This type of celebration...I’m not used to sharing my thanks, I guess. I uh, I’m thankful for you guys. All of you. Except you, Barton.” Tony gave an easy grin and Clint flipped him off. “Someone once called me the man who has everything and nothing. I guess you all are the something that replaces the nothing. I’m thankful that you are still here, that you haven’t left. I’m thankful that you actually wear all those extra things I make for you when we’re fighting in a battle. I’m thankful that Natasha hasn’t killed me yet and that Steve is determined to stay with me no matter how much I mess up. You haven’t given up on me despite the numerous times I disappoint you, and I guess that means more to me than you realize. So...yeah. I’d hate for this meal to get cold. Cut the turkey, Nat.”
Tony loved trying to impress Steve. The billionaire knew he was full to the brim on faults and he knew Steve knew them too, but impressing Captain America was sort of at the top of his list of good things. Maybe he could blind Steve with his awesomeness and make him forget about the fact that Tony was an alcoholic with enough psychological daddy issues to fill the DSM-IV. It wasn’t that he didn’t think Steve was capable of seeing past all of that, but this was Tony and it was sort of hard to get past in the first place. His issues were less of a speed bump and more of a brick wall.
Bruce face took on a distinctly putrid green color as he shook his head no.
“That’s like asking me why I breathe.”
Tony chuckled. “So I guess you understood that reference.”
Tony smiled.
Steve stretched and rolled onto his side, pulling his boyfriend close. “I can go back to sleep if you promise to wake me up with such a drastic manner.”
Steve laughed at Tony’s affronted tone, and leaned back into his plush desk chair, a smirk that did little to impress Tony settling over his lips. “I’ve known a few living and breathing people who didn’t mind a little leash play.”
“I don’t think I’ll ever be on the same level as you. Not like Bruce is.”
Tony gave him a sardonic grin. “Is this a romantic getaway, Steve? I would have dressed nicer if I had known. What anniversary are we celebrating? I’ve always been bad with dates.”
Rhodey and Pepper both sat in stunned silence for a few minutes before Rhodey’s voice cracked through the air, low and menacing. “I think you need to start at the beginning.”
Steve never got used to it, not completely at least, being caught in the fray of a fight, bullets flying, the sounds of alarms reaching him through the sound of his own blood rushing in his ears. Steve ducked and weaved to avoid each shot flying his way, kept Bucky in his peripheral whenever possible and kept moving, always kept moving lest he pause for a moment too long.
Steve at least had the audacity to look a little embarrassed. Tony looked gleeful. Then he was gone and the rest of the team decided they’d settled Operation: Avengers Thanksgiving.
Bucky just punched Steve in the arm with a roll of his eyes. “Hypocrite. You’re telling me all about her when we get back.”
“Oh. I was just--” he pointed at Steve’s hands. “The dog. I was going to take it. What are you doing with it?”
“Ugh. Well we’re ready to eat so could you not disgrace the table before the food is even on it?”
Tony whipped around, brown eyes wide as they registered a teary eyed redhead, clutching the arm of a dark-skinned man, who wasn’t as teary-eyed but had an air about him that said he was only barely holding it back.
Tony nodded.
“Good.” He stopped what he was doing to give Steve his attention. “Is something else bothering you?”
”  He answered, through gritted teeth.
Harry paused for a moment, lips parted.  Then he nodded quickly, and headed back the way they had come.
“How long was I out?”  Tony asked, perfectly happy with being carried Superman-style.
Tony glanced out the windows consciously, then picked up a piece of the concoction in his fingers, and tried it.
Peter swung comfortably in a hammock-like nest of webbing over the desk in the garage, one red and blue foot dangling tiredly over the side.  Like a loose strand of this lazily-spun web, a white phone cord looped down out of Peter’s nest to the phone jack on the wall below.
“-On it!”  Spider-Man promised, and swung back up into the maze of silos and scaffolding.
Warbird handing the Scarlet Witch a Styrofoam cup that steamed promisingly in what had been the early-morning chill, and Wanda looking up at her with a smile.
“God, no.  Plutonium would just catalyze the reaction when his suit reaches-” Iron Man began.
“Well get
“He told you that I- -oh man…  I’m
Inside the mall, 1:38 PM (same day).
Skin had a give, a complexity of texture that no machine could fully match, even where shapes and outward geometry could be duplicated.  It held a fascination for him that he wasn’t about to try explaining out loud.  An organic singularity.
“It’s like being drop-forged.  So hot… and also so cold…”  Tony stopped talking, and frowned.  “No Steve, I really can’t.”
He’d mis-judged the Skull’s target, though.
“Oh, this is where you finally tracked them down to?”  Tony guessed, looking at the room with greater interest.
He’d barely begun when the door opened.  Tony came in looking windblown and carrying a full brown paper bag in each arm.   He shut the door with his back.
“Power Man called,” Peter tapped his Spider-comm, “They just found the original Captain America.  …Wouldn’t he be really old by now?”
That’s what was off.
The heckler asked, mollified but still wary.
“-You guys just don’t learn, do ya?”  Luke yelled back at the shooters, and charged.
“I called that,” he smirked.
“Why don’t you stay in here and finish getting scrubbed up,” Steve suggested kindly, in that way that wasn’t open for discussion.
like.
The one taken in Vietnam, of him and Rhodey in front of their UH-1D Huey, and those guys they’d flown out from Tan Son Nhut the day before.  The redhead second from the left- -what was his name again?- -had tucked a joint out of sight behind the gunny’s back while the picture was being taken.
“No, not since last Friday.  I didn’t follow him then because I had Harry with me, and it’s not like this guy’s
A blurred, greenish-orange line with streaks and smudges of white and chocolate brown.
Tony smiled, the ends of his mustache curving upwards and a new light in his eyes.  He tapped the Spider-tracer approvingly with his pencil, and turned over his drafting notebook to a fresh page.  With a speed born of decision and long premeditation, the clean, simple outlines of a new garage took shape under his hand…
Peter’s eyes widened and he looked from Tony to the door.
Steve tasted like root beer and Chinese food… and something else that had always reminded him of mineral water but wasn’t.  The serum had done a lot of things to Steve’s body chemistry, and Tony was pretty sure that some of them were still undocumented.  …Had the -shape- of Steve’s lips changed too, Tony wondered, or would Steve have felt like this- -tasted like this- in the late thirties?
Tony ran his fingers through Steve’s hair on both sides.   He kissed the top of Steve’s hair reverently just above his hairline, tasted tap water, and smelled clean shampoo.  …And himself.  Tony licked his lips for a moment, then knelt as well and nuzzled Steve’s right ear.
The bedroom door was closed, so Steve knocked.
“I thought Harry had a typewriter,” Steve teased, taking out a milk carton and setting it with the eggs.
“You son of a bitch,” Matt said, with a sigh of relief.
The phone rang.
Peter’s eyes narrowed and he laid into whatever
, Tony thought with a thrill of predatory excitement.
“No idea, but I’m about to try ‘em out on Peter…”  Tony poured the first wide dollop of brown-flecked pancake batter into a skillet, and swept the edge of the mixing spoon along the side of the bowl so it wouldn’t drip.
Steve borrowed Tony’s right-angle ruler from the long folding table that had mysteriously appeared in the far corner of the kitchen, picking it carefully out of a gleaming array of disassembled hoverboard parts.
The modular camera that folded into the heavy armor of his left shoulder was already recording, patiently awaiting the command to synch its precise servo-driven movements with the direction of his eyes.  If the pattern of the last few days held, his target would be passing by within an hour or so.
Tony got the door and stood there with a wry, friendly smile.
Tony’s design, Morgan’s (Sunset’s) money, and SHIELD’s information…
Tony fired both hand-repulsors, aiming for the joints of War Machine’s otherwise thick shoulder-armor, and broke loose.  He hovered twelve feet up and rained down electromagnetic
“…You cleaned up downstairs?”  Tony blinked, looking up anyway.
“You can actually
“Well that’s how it would feel.  Like it was my face they were hitting instead of my shield.  …I just don’t like the idea, even in fun,” Steve explained, frowning.
!”  The Red Skull shrieked, closing the fingers of one clutching hand around Peter’s ankle from memory and drawing the other back in a fist to shatter Peter’s knee.
“Thanks for leavin’ that note with Sergeant Gillespie about not sendin’ his guys into your place if it ever caught fire.  -It woulda been my Cousin Louie’s turn to kick in the door the other night.”
“Distantly.  Very,
“Duty calls,” Tony said seriously, glad he didn’t have to say it with a straight face.
Then he sat with his back to it, bottom not quite -on- the shield, and slowly, slowly leaned back.
“No?”  Tony’s eyebrows lifted.
“No, seriously,” Peter insisted, “-
“-See if they’ve got a taste for web,” Cap said with a tight smile, and let fly with his shield.
“Yeah, I-” -sunglasses,
Tony finished his beer, and pressed 'F-2-PLAY’.
“That thing’s bigger than you-” Cap began.
Steve sat back against the windowsill beside Tony, and re-folded his arms.
Tony rubbed his face with one hand, and frowned.  His head was definitely in pain, but not the four-alarm god-awful migraine that re-setting and getting trashed usually gave him.  Huh.
Click.
“…Can I help it if your brain is a physical probability engine?”  Tony grinned, stretching his arms up above his head and arching his back against the shield a little.
“Oh, god…”  Tony sighed, shutting his eyes, “-I didn’t even know he’d gotten loose.”
“Jarvis isn’t easily frightened,” Tony shrugged, “-and apparently they’re working on it.”
For one thing, a thorough airing of the Stark family’s laundry would run the risk of taking the focus
“Fol-followed War Machine…  Midnight Racer…  Ea-East River,” Peter summarized.
A full-length shot of Nick Fury, in the act of ordering him to put away the camera.
“M’Lennard.”
Tony began, warningly.
something, wait until a vehicle with a CB radio drives across, and use it for ECM cover,” Tony argued back, starting to get annoyed.
He spotted another patch of partially coalesced wiring insulation up near the wrist cuff, and swore, fluently.
“That’s a-” he licked his dry lips nervously, “-high-voltage circuit breaker test module.  Box.”
City-chlorinated water had dripped into his eyes out of dark fringe that covered his field of vision, and it stung a little.  The thought was peripheral.  Transitory.  Irrelevant.
“I uh- -I figured he was looking for the Green Goblin and all, but then he took off after something without calling it in, so I…  followed him.  Turns out he stalks the Midnight Racer.”
“Go ahead then,” Steve agreed, “-debriefing is at ten-hundred tomorrow at the tower unless I call you.”
Norman dismissed Harry with a final qualified nod of approval, and approached Peter’s group eagerly.
Steve had big hands, smoother-skinned than Tony’s, with a slightly unusual pattern of leathery callous along the fingertips of his right hand from shield-throwing.  Controlling the minute changes in speed, torque, or release angle, that made it fly instead of just fire…
Tony wasn’t watching the boy’s hands though.  He was watching Harry’s expressive eyes.  First they widened in shock, then narrowed as the pain of the movement registered, painkillers or no.  There was consternation, the wounded fear of a kicked puppy, maybe a shadow of guilt…
Warmonger fired a line of Phosphorus rounds after him, which Iron Man put a stop to by repulsor-blasting the other armor squarely in the face.
“-Don’t I know it,” Steve grinned, pulling on his trench coat.
“No you don’t, that was a new container.  I think you keep it in there to make it look like you don’t know what you’re doing, so people won’t ask you what the freezer’s really for.”
Four scales up from the lower edge of Steve’s armor and along the seam of the blue leather underneath, Tony found his bug.  He lifted the scale up and held it there with one forefinger, showing Steve the tiny transmitter hidden in a groove on the underside.
“Gee whiz, Spider Man, what do YOU think?”  Tony asked, sarcastically innocent.
The Iron Horse Garage, 2:26 AM.
Steve had seen a kid with a chemistry set do something similar on television.
Ozzy said,
"I can’t be for Harry what you are to Peter.  I’m not sure that piece of myself is
The toast was returned.  Tony poured himself a cup of coffee from the pot Steve had been drinking, and joined them at the breakfast table.
“Both, I think,” Steve said after a pause, “-but that had nothing to
“Is he yours?”  Whitney asked, fork poised.
“Tell me you had nothing to do with those bugs, or what happened on 108th street,” Steve instructed.
“Morning, Peter,” Tony smiled, padding past him into the kitchen.
“And Mary Jane- -thank god Harry had the sense to get her to safety first, but she was worried about me
“Could you do Wednesday?”
Steve stretched off the bed in a way that had to be illegal
“Spider-Man is there-” MJ began.  “Do you think he-?“
“What did- -you have in mind?”  He asked, catching his breath.
“Peter, I just- -I’ve never…”
Swinging over Rhodey’s shoulder with the rhythm of his copilot’s stride, his head spinning… the paper lanterns of a festival from upside-down, a filthy dog that didn’t quite work up the courage to sniff him, a pretty girl with long black hair and an embroidered white jacket, now flirting with Rhodey, now asking him questions and laughing at his responses…
Steve dropped a kiss against the top of his shoulder, and waited.
employed by Morgan and Sunset Stark, but I’m also there to keep an eye on them, and act as a deterrent to… mistakes.”
Tony’s kitchen, 7:33 AM.
There was a faint crash inside the garage, then-
Probably the latter.  Steve was smart as hell, and he spoke both German and French.
He felt weightless.  Dizzy.  Drunk.  Invincible.  …A little tingly.
…A permanent marker squeaked over what sounded like a small plate of Iron Man’s armor.
Peter slit the top of the envelope with an unused butter knife, and unfolded the stapled white sheets inside.
“Second shelf down, right beside the opened bottle of Jack,” Tony told him, helpfully.
…How would these contours shift if Tony lay over the shield on his side?  Or forwards- -but then the shield would put too much pressure on Tony’s arc reactor…  unless the shield was moved down… which would, Steve thought with a covert blush, look far too much like an invitation.  And… The same would be true if Tony sat on the shield and lay down as he was now from
