“There was a company meeting today with some big wigs Aunt Pepper couldn’t miss even though you were here,” Peter grumbled.
Steve hadn’t been mentioned at all, which was for the best.  Peter was truly enjoying himself and looked as though he hadn’t a care in the world other than debating if his chemistry teacher was a werewolf or if the principal and the math teacher had a love affair.
is a stupid question,” Pepper stated, smiling at Tony’s wet chuckle.  “It’s going to be hard and it’s going to take time, but I’ve never met a more tenacious and persistent jerk.”
Tony might have been biased towards Boston’s fireworks, but New Yorkers definitely knew how to put on a show.
The sun was blinding, radiating on the city that was already melting from the summer heat.  Tony was dressed in a soft linen suit with a dark shirt, hiding the glow of the reactor from the public.  He wasn’t ready to reveal that piece of information yet.
As the pen whispered across each page with Scott’s signature, Ross continued his glaring.  Scott slid the paper stack back, rubbing his hand to get rid of cramps.
“Don’t you dare pull a Pops on me!” Peter griped, getting in some shots before being sent to the wall.
Whatever was haunting Peter seemed to recede, allowing the boy to let out a small smile. “Only if you bring the marshmallows,” he called out, making his way towards the living room.
Tony’s heart stuttered momentarily as he took in what Peter had just asked.  “Uh, yeah.  Course, Pete.  If you can find the recipe.”
“Uncle Rhodey doesn’t have to know, does he?”  Peter laughed and the weight in Tony’s chest seemed a little lighter.  “Remember, what he doesn’t know—“
There, on the wall, a framed picture, Peter was only 6 years old.  He was sitting on Steve’s shoulders, waving his cotton candy like a sword and Steve was his mighty steed, yelling “that way, Papa!” Tony had been laughing so hard beside him that he didn’t notice the click of the camera from Natasha.
“Love you too,” he shot back, ending the phone call and turning to Pepper.  “Okay, lead me to my death.”
“You never got a chance to tell me what led to this.” Pepper whispered, gently stroking his hand with her thumb.
“Dad!  Okay, I found the recipe and we have most of the ingredients, but I can’t find all the veggies that it calls for—“
you?  I was trying to take responsibility and show this stupid team that our actions have consequences.  I was trying to
Three thumps sounded on the glass door to the room, breaking him out of his thoughts.  There was a mailman at the door.  “Are you…” he paused, squinting at the box.  “Tony Stank?”
“Thanks for coming over and getting my mind off of everything. It sucks being on house arrest for healing,” Tony grumbled, running a hand over his bandaged ribs.
“Yes, this is—this is Tony Stank,” Rhodes said, motioning to Tony.  “You’re in the right place.  Thank you for that!” he grinned, turning towards Tony.  “Never dropping that, by the way.” Tony rolled his eyes as Rhodes turned back to the walker.  “Table for one, Mr. Stank!” Rhodes called out, ignoring the exasperated laugh from Tony.
Tony thought back to SHIELD’s files he had read when they were leaked.  “What if we used it to store alien tech?” Everyone turned to him with incredulous looks.  “Before SHIELD fell, they had a secure facility called the Fridge.  It was used to store alien technology and powerful weapons like Loki’s scepter or the Tesseract. When it was revealed Hydra had SHIELD by the balls, the Fridge was raided and a ton of those weapons disappeared.  What if we used the Raft to store whatever we’re able to find from the Fridge?”  He leaned forward to make his point clear.  “Think about it.  The Raft would operate under this council and therefore all the power would lie in the hands of multiple countries, rather than just one.  No one would be able to stake claim to anything without the approval of the entire UN.”  The room filled with muttered agreements, nodding at his words.
“Alright, boss,” she spoke, a somber tone to her voice.  She hadn’t learned enough yet to bar access for Tony without the order given, and the guilt was almost palpable in her confirmation.  God, he missed JARVIS in times like these. He couldn’t hold it against her, though.  She was too young.
As soon as the faceplate clicked shut, he flew out of the window FRIDAY opened and headed towards Peter’s high school.  “Did they give any more details, Fri?”
The man stared blankly at the paper.  “I know,” he whispered, almost robotically.  He took a seat at the desk and waited for the colonel to sigh and give him some privacy.  As soon as Rhodey was back doing his physical therapy, Tony tore open the envelope.
“Yeah, Pete,’ Tony got out, using the nanites to shut the wound and hold together anything that was internally bleeding.  “Are you?”
“Well, you’re 15 now, kid.  Time to work on your permit.  Can’t have a Stark not knowing how to drive.”
Peter nodded, picking up the little slide phone.  It even had a keyboard.  “What if I don’t want to talk to him?”
But when Steve had laid out the adoption agency’s papers with Peter’s bio, he had vowed to himself to quit alcohol for good.  He didn’t want to be his father.  He would do everything in his power to be there for his son and love him and encourage him in the ways Howard never did.
Tony wrapped his arms around the boy, letting his chin rest on his head.  “Okay, okay, thank you.”  He made a mental note to schedule an appointment for Peter with his old therapist if they were still working.  It would be easier if they already were familiar with the lives of superheroes.
Pepper stroked her fingers through his hair, holding him as he continued.  “People can still break the hearts of the ones they love.”
The man inhaled harshly and wiped his eyes.  The smurf was right.  Wallowing wasn’t going to get Peter back.  He looked up.  “Got a working ship?”
Ross was adamant that Scott be sent to jail, where he could serve hard time for the treason he committed against the country.  It took four hours for Tony and Scott’s lawyer to convince the council that, since he willingly turned himself in, he should be given a lighter sentence.  Also, Scott wasn’t even an enhanced individual.  He was just a dude in a suit, much like Tony.
Because Peter had school the following day (“It’s my last week, I can stay up a little late!” “Nuh uh, you have finals, I can smell them on you!”), the four of them called it a night at 10pm.
“No, we have to save the wizard!” Peter yelled out.  He ripped off his mask, gasping for air as the ship continued its ascent.  “Dad!  I can’t breathe!”
After saying thank you’s and goodbye’s, Tony and Peter finally headed towards the quinjet to fly home.
The gaping silence filling the bedroom was a harsh reminder of reality.  That it was just him and Peter now.
The UN had asked him to hold a press conference where he could make his statement pertaining to the Accords and to the rogue Avengers.  Once his statement was made, it would be likely that the press and public would lose interest in the Accords, which would allow for the political discussions to really start between Tony and the World Council.  The only issue was that he wasn’t physically able to hold the press conference until today.  Dr. Cho had given him a clean bill of health a few days ago, declaring his lungs and ribs fully healed.  He didn’t want the world to see the damage Steve, no, Captain America, had caused on his husband and fellow superhero.
“You can’t really without bringing Clint back.”  Her words were spoken softly but still cut through Tony like ice.
“Uh, hello?” Strange called out, nerves causing his voice to shake a little.  Maw simply stared at the intrusion.
Tony sagged against the wall he had propped himself against. Nebula came back and threw his shirt up while brandishing a small silver object.
“You don’t need to do that,” he pointed out.  “You’re just holding the goal position so I can try to score.”  She grabbed one of her paper footballs and launched it as his fingers.  “That was close!” he grinned.  She launched another.  “See!  That’s a goal!  We’re now one apiece.”
“That shield doesn’t belong to you!” Tony yelled out.  “You don’t deserve it.” He spat blood onto the cold concrete.
Tony handed the phone back.  “He would have loved it,” he said with a sad smile.  “We can put it in the bedroom, if you want?  Have it waiting there for him when he...” he drifted off, biting his lip at his own wording.
know how he would answer it truthfully.  “That’s all the questions I’ll be taking today.  Thank you.” He waved as he headed off the stage and towards the car Happy had waiting for him.   His exhaustion must have been evident as he collapsed in the seat beside his friend and listed sideways.  He felt a blanket be tossed over him and the car rumble on, but his mind went blissfully blank after that.
Nebula’s arm was functioning perfectly and she asked him to look at her hand.  It had barely taken him an hour to optimize it.
He held out his arms in an open invitation.  Peter came willingly, gripping Tony’s midsection in a fierce hug that the older man returned just as fiercely.
He sucked in a breath as the memory washed over him.  Shoving it down, he booked it for the old tractor that hadn’t moved from the center of the room.
It was noon when Pepper entered their floor of the tower to meet with Tony and Peter for lunch.  However, she was greeted with the sight of the two on the couch.  Tony was propped against the arm, head thrown back at an angle that was going to smart when he woke.  Peter was cuddled against his side, drooling slightly on Tony’s chest.
The man took it, laughing at the chipmunk cheeks the boy was sporting. “How long did the doc say you had to stay here?” he inquired.
“It’s your lucky day!” the woman called out.  “I’ve got two free tickets to Earth, and it seems you guys are in need of a lift.”
you!”  he yelled, slapping Tony’s hand away from his fries.  “You better give me a hug before I beat your ass,” he grinned.
His thoughts were running in chaotic circles and he barely looked as he made his way to his bedroom.  Eager to strip and collapse into bed, he missed the fact that he had ended up in his old room.
Thanos had awoken and taken out the Guardians immediately.  Then he set his sights on Tony, who was trying to make a general nuisance of himself to keep Thanos away from Strange.
“Come on, you got a look at my insides,” Tony bargained.  She resolutely ignored him.  “You’re no help if you’re in pain.”
It’s an unbearably fond thought, one perhaps not appropriate for roleplays and the way his breath hitches as Steve finally, mercifully, breaches him and pushes inside. He looks up at his better half and pushes a lock of sweaty hair that’s fallen forward into his eyes. Steve’s eyes are molten, thick with longing and answered love. Steve reaches up with one hand (because he’s this
Tony needs Steve to be okay, needs him to pull through because he can’t do it alone, not anymore. He can’t be shown this future, this perfectly idyllic future, to only have it snatched away from him. So he holds onto to Steve as fierce as the man presses into him. He finds himself clawing harder and harder to the scraps Steve will throw him, trying to stitch them whole. Tony is running himself ragged, not sleeping between recalibrating Steve’s armour to be faster, stronger, protect the man that holds his heart in his hands, and also trying to keep his lover close – there whenever the man might need him.
“Yeah that’s true. I’ve known some great women, and men, earning their living through their body. Just surprised they thought you were one, Mr Apple Pie. Where am I picking up someone as gorgeous as you?” Tony jokes.
his stifled laughter. Mr. Hammer continues in this syrup-like fashion; anxious about her comfort, so delightfully interested in her mother, excitable about Mrs. Marvel, and even crowing about Antonia’s own drawings with so much zeal yet so little knowledge it seemed so terribly intimate that she nearly forgot her good manners on several occasions. For her own sake, and Virginia’s, she could not be rude in hopes fortune would turn out right. Yet how it pained her to be civil when news was stirring amongst the others, yet in the height of Mr. Hammer’s nonsense she could not understand it! She heard enough to know that Mr. Marvel was giving some information about his nephew; she heard the words “my nephew” and “Clint” repeated several times over, yet before she could quiet the nonsensical Mr. Hammer, the subject was so completely past that any reviving question from her would be awkward.
“Oh please don’t tell me – don’t speak it!” Antonia blurted out, eyes blurry, tone hitting a note of panic that she could not rein in, “Take time before you commit yourself because once said things cannot be unsaid!”
“I will take my leave.” He finally says, “thank you for the dance, Antonia.” He bows once, quick and sharp, treating Antonia to the sight of his back, all leashed and powerful muscle looking tense and ready to leap into battle, before straightening up again, and striding off the dance floor. She misses him flexing and rubbing his hands, can’t see his cheeks ruddy and red, can’t hear his breath uneven and close to gasps.
“You mean most don’t break something? How utterly boring.” Tony dares to tease, wants to eat up the delighted laugh Steven grants him with in response.
Clint was the next to arrive a week or so later, eyes haunted and red with Natasha close behind nursing a broken collarbone and a mean-looking scar above her right eye. They don’t talk about what happened in the interim, but the whispers and gossip that haunt S.H.I.E.L.D’s corridors of Black Widow dropping her cover in order to save Hawkeye don’t go unnoticed. Thor drops in whenever he can between Asgard and New Mexico – his shoulders often drooped and expression broken. No one ever asks even though they all know a man with green eyes and an inferiority complex is probably at the heart of it. It took Bruce over a month to decide to join them, and even now he still practically sprints down to his safe-room in the basement at the first sign of an argument.
Mr. Hammer swallows another mouthful of the wine that has not strayed from his hand all evening, and brushes past her query with no more than a shake of his head, “I hope, Mrs. Marvel, that you – like myself – have been urging Miss Stark not to go within half a mile of May’s when there is a chance of catching infection. Her health is absolutely paramount. So considerate of others, whilst never taking care of herself. Is this fair, Mrs. Stark? Have I not the right to complain?” his tone grows soft, intimate like that of a would-be lover and Antonia coughs awkwardly, ignoring the stares of the room. Though she tried to laugh it off and bring the subject back into its proper course, there was no putting an end to his extreme solicitude about her, vexing her just so. It did appear exactly like the pretence of being in love with
was written exclusively for you, and your heartache.” She says such words quietly, with misery apparent on her face. Antonia feels uncomfortable in the face of such a confession, partly due to admittedly never experiencing love so powerful, but also that she feels partly to blame.
“It is not the most attractive quality to have,” Mr. Barton agrees, eyes holding a secret Antonia did not feel privy to.
The workshop fascinated Steve, in a way you are always curious about the things you don’t understand. Tony had once tried to explain to the Captain the processes and technology involved, but Steve had faded out mid “interface and calibration” speech to teach Dummy how to give a good solid handshake instead. A trick, Tony had muttered later, the machine wouldn’t stop attempting with everyone.
Antonia was in half hopes that Mr. Hammer may have dropped a hint. Captain. Rogers was sort of a general friend and adviser to most, and she knew Mr. Hammer was not alone in looking up to him.
He turns back to the room, looks at Maria, so broken and brittle, “Steven Rogers is my soulmate. We are bonded. And you can’t do anything about it.”
“I know, I know. But it’s just Natasha seems to write to her aunt every week and she seems to gain at least eight accomplishments in between one and the next! And Miss Hill seems to make it her life’s mission to come here every week to tell us about them!”  Antonia moans as both Jarvis and Steven smuggle a grin.
I never thought of Miss Potts in the whole course of my existence. If she has fancied otherwise, her own wishes have misled her for who can think of Miss Potts when Miss Stark is near. There is no fickleness of character when I have thought only of you.”
“Never use either of those terms again, should you want me to stay ‘your woman’” Nat uses air quotes wildly, voice droll.
Jarvis at this moment, could not help but poke slightly, for surely Antonia must be aware of her own obliviousness? Surely these ardent feelings cannot be clear to everyone but herself? “Are you sure? He is so very discreet, as is she. I think they are well suited.” He hid a smile as he heard Antonia splutter beside him, “Unless of course you think someone more his opposite would be best attracted. Someone not afraid to challenge him.”
The word brother was heavily stressed, oddly so. And what was even more odd was Antonia’s reaction that followed, her brain so vehemently denying and throwing away the notion that Steven was anything like a brother, to the point she felt sick.
He’ll frame well thought out, perfectly structured and passionate chains of language without a second thought. Tony considers it a phenomenally attractive part of him, thinks it like foreplay at times (which, judging by the disbelieving and disgusted looks Pepper occasionally shot him in the middle of a Steve diatribe, Tony hanging off his every word, he thought he might be less subtle than he thought).
He was one of the lucky ones, he knows, that when he was discharged he found a niche pretty quickly that works for him, and works money better. So he made sure to drag along anyone returning from the front without a place to go by the collar. Alongside his tactician brain is a sense of brotherhood that runs so deep he could choke on it. So you can bet that when AVNG Security Consultancy took off, he found space for Bucky and Nat and Sam and Clint and anyone else hairbrained enough to think a bunch of vets left in control of the safety of top level technology was a good idea.
“A lesser man with less self-confidence would worry you meant bad kind of different. But to be honest, I’m Tony Stark, and I know you meant good different because look at me.”
, twitches and turns to the source, like a plant seeking the sun. He misses Sarah Rogers watching him, watching the doorway, with eyes that know too much and betray too little, because suddenly Steve is there and Tony can’t think to a time he wasn’t.
“Oh, a material difference if difference at all. No doubt you were much my superior in judgement, at all of six years old. Does not the lapse of twenty one years now bring our understandings a good deal nearer.”
“Indeed not sir,” laughed his son, “I seem to have had it from a nobody – very odd! I really was persuaded of Mrs. Marvel’s having mentioned it in one of her letters, many weeks ago. But I must have dreamt this.”
The silence in the tower is deafening, so much so that Steve spends over an hour in the shower, letting the water thunder over his back until he’s numb and he can’t even feel the water needling his back, just so he doesn’t have to pace around the empty house. He misses Tony, so badly his heart aches and it’s like he’s forgotten how to breathe, how to function without Tony around to keep him steady and to keep him sane.
with emotion in her answer, “Ah, it satisfied my need to travel mother. I don’t think we will be repeating it again.”
He continues opening Tony up, scissoring his fingers when he adds another, and on the third finger Tony’s incoherent. He’s sweaty and flushed and gorgeous and Steve hasn’t fallen so hard so fast in a very long time but it doesn’t mean he’s not making it up for it now.
Clint Barton arrived not soon after with the Randalls party, appearing to be on the watch, and though he did not say much aside the pleasantries of arriving to Highbury once more, his eyes declared that he meant to have a delightful evening. They all walked about together, for Steven to show them everything was as it should be (not that Antonia ever had any doubt, for Steven was a man of resoluteness once a decision was decided). Within no time at all they were joined by the contents of another carriage, and then another carriage.
“Tony,” Steve’s voice is shaky against Tony’s lips, “god.” And it’s like he’s praying in worship, like Tony’s a deity far above him, able to unman him so. Tony chases the words from Steve’s mouth, kisses down his neck and scents him. He smells of soap and motor oil and home. Tony can feel his heartbeat, a shaky thing, in his neck, reaching forward further to nip at the pulse, met with an answering groan. Steve has both hands up Tony’s sweatshirt now, each fingertip close to scorching as they brush Tony’s skin. It feels like a stellar collision. Astronomers predict that two stars colliding only occurs once every 10,000 years, and this feels similarly momentous and rare and inescapable.
little cottage, when Mr. Murdock’s boundless Irish estate was on offer? … Unless there was another reason she could not, or would not?"
“You.” Tony replies, breathless and near silent. He thumbs fingers absently over the changed mark, noting the flesh feels tender. He watches Steven track the motion with a heady sort of power, a frisson of excitement course through him that feels like being in a hot air balloon above the clouds.
These old memories seep into new ones, ones of Tony smiling and offering him a cup of coffee. Of them both sitting with their heads bent together talking in whispers. Of movie nights, sharing sofas and quiet words of commentary.
“What news do you mean?” replied Antonia, unable to guess by Pepper’s happy countenance, what news she could mean.
in her heart she had long thought not only dormant, but inaccessible to her. But she refused to investigate it. She was sorry, but she would not repent, and on she must forge with matchmaking Virginia, and push aside any observations of her own heart.
Tony just laughs, warm and bright. “He didn’t do any of the above I’m afraid. We bumped into each other at the Tower and several horrendously adorable flirtations from this one here I knew I had to have him.”
“I wish him well, even with not that high an opinion of him as I now hold. He may yet turn out decent, for he is young, and forced into a situation beyond his control. He is a most fortunate man!” Steven started, with such energy, “Everything he touches favours his hand. He meets with a young woman, gains her affection, cannot even taint it with negligent treatment. Even had his family sought around the world they could not have found her superior. His grandmother is in the way – his grandmother dies. He has only to speak and his friends promote his happiness. He has used
The persons to be invited, required little thought. Besides the Hammers, it must be Captain Rogers and the Marvels; so far it was all of course – and hardly less inevitable than Pepper making the eighth. Antonia had preferred to spare her the occasion, to have to see Mr. and Mrs. Hammer together in nauseating togetherness, yet she was adamant she would be fine. Antonia admired her for it, but she would not pretend to understand workings of the heart. She invited Miss Romanov, aware it may make it uneven as a pack and that Mrs. Hammer was more than likely to comment, but she could not care when it was her own house and her own guestlist. She rather thought that if Mrs. Hammer took to calling the Captain
“Are you here to call on Miss Potts?” Mrs May speaks up before Miss Hill can scold Antonia further, and Antonia is grateful for the interruption.
The doctor pushes Steve out the way, syringe at the ready, and that just appears to anger Tony more, who begins thrashing and panicking on the bed, tangling in the sheets. Steve struggles for his own voice, unsure where he stands and overwhelmed with relief that Tony is awake. However when two nurses pin Tony’s arms down with force and have a syringe of sedation poised he jolts himself out of the reverie he was stuck in and strides forward.
They walked toward the party in quiet, “I am glad you managed to overcome the prejudice you felt towards the Cages.” Steven jested, no heat behind the words.
Even clearly basking in a heavy afterglow, Tony takes enough time to fix him with an unimpressed glare. “Steve, don’t be ridiculous. Just give my brain a minute to catch up with how stupidly hot that was.”
It’s not long before they get Sam bundled into his flat, Steve taking off his shoes before wrapping him up in bed with a glass of water and bucket beside him. Tony watches him with a strange look of fondness, and Steve feels a heat on the back of his neck.
Tony’s fists are clenched, knuckles white. “Cap, you can’t just throw yourself in front of every villain we face and hope one makes a hit that renders you dead!” his voice cracks on the last word, right hand flexing. Steve’s surprised at the anger, their relationship has never been the easiest – one started on angry words and old memories could never be anything but difficult – but he didn’t think his own variation of the sacrifice play warranted such an emotional reaction.
Tony doesn’t know what he’s done to deserve this in a past life, but he’ll be damned if he lets it slip through his fingers.
“If you’re sure.” Tony replies, and Steve is hit with a rush of tender affection for this miracle of a man. He could not do enough to deserve him in a thousand lifetimes.
that, don’t you. Like the idea of me thinking of you with every step, feeling the delicious slide of you for hours. Flushing red in meetings with every cross of my legs.”
He had attempted to make conversation, stringing one or two words together in a way that made next to no sense, before Maria had placed a hand on his shoulder, had Jarvis start a fire, and tell him to sleep.
The mistake had been slight. The carriage was sent for them momentarily. Antonia longed to know Clint’s first impression of Mrs. Hammer, but there was talk of rain and when the carriage returned he spoke “I will see that there are umbrellas, sir.” Clint said to his father, “Miss Hill must not be forgotten” and away he went to collect the two errant women.
“Yes of course she is! And were she prosperous, were she a woman of fortune, I would allow you some liberties. Were she your equal. But she’s not!
Mr Barton had danced once at Highbury, and longer to dance again; nd in the last half-hour of an evening which Mrs Stark was persuaded to spend with her daughters at the Marvels, was passed by the two young people in schemes on the subject. Clint’s was the first idea; and his the greatest zeal in pursuing it; for the lady was the best judge of the difficulties, and the most solicitous for accommodation and appearance. But Antonia could admit she too wanted people to see how delightfully Mr. Clint Barton and Miss Stark could dance – for doing that she need not compare herself to Miss Romanov and find herself wanting.
“If - if my being who I am. Is an issue for you, I can understand and I won’t ask you for anything back.” Steven’s words are bitten out, awkward and scared little things that seem so at odds with the man before him.
Each has their demons they like to pretend don’t exist. Steve’s have brown eyes and a wicked attitude and in his nightmares they thump and beat at the ice as he stares wordlessly from beneath it. He thinks that’s what terrifies him the most, the fact that in his nightmares he makes no move to attempt to help them break the layer between them – just watches Bucky or Peggy or even Howard sometimes scratch and scream at the ice until it’s stained red with blood.
The room huffs a small laugh, all at once relaxing after the commotion of the disturbance. It is only Miss. Hill who looks round, confused.
Steve laughs, and holds onto the warmth curling in the pit of his stomach when he notices a new calendar event in his phone's diary.
Tony keys in his own number, muttering something about how he'll have to get Steve a better model than this hunk of junk, ("An iPhone, really? We're gonna have to get you a better phone than this if we hang out more often.") before ringing his own phone once so he has the number, and handing the slim screen back to the lost for words Steve.
Antonia’s color was heightened by this unjust praise; and with a smile, and shake of the head, which spoke much, she looked at Captain Rogers. It seemed as though there were an instantaneous impression in her favour, as if his eyes received the truth from hers, he looked at her with a glow of regard.
“I do envy him, Antonia. His secret is out at least. In one respect he is the object of my envy.” Steven caught Antonia’s eye, and snared in his gaze she could not look away, even as bile rose in her throat. They seemed no more than a breath away from the subject of Pepper, and everything in her screamed to avert the subject at all costs.
“That is quite alright, Miss Hill! I would love to hear from Natasha. How lovely that the Coulson’s have allowed you to visit.” Antonia speaks to Natasha warmly.
i can't believe i've finished this. i promised you an ending so long ago, and thanks to those who enjoyed it half baked and stuck around in hopes i'd get there.
“You can’t believe you managed to keep your hands off me all night in front of everyone.” He says, voice slightly hoarse in a way that twists and grabs at Tony’s lungs. “Men and women alike couldn’t take their eyes off me. You kept focusing on my neck, wanting to bite down on the vein there and mark me in front of everyone, wanted to just take. You couldn’t wait to leave, couldn’t wait to get your hands on me.”
Antonia could not believe these words, wondering if she would sink under the happiness of this moment. Her mind is shifting, grasping at this new knowledge like a parched daisy under summer sun and monsoon rain.
“What’s this!” asked Mr. Marvel, “about Mr. Odinson and a carriage? Is Odinson going to set one up, Clint. You had it from himself, did you?”
Every invitation was well met and successful, and then something to make it greater. The eldest little Banner was engaged to pay her grandparents a visit, and Mr. Banner was proposed to bringing her, and staying one whole day at Hartfield – the day of this very party. So Miss Stark considered that ten people were indeed a large party, but she refused to miss on Mr. Banner’s company.
They make their way back up the stairs together, and before they enter the kitchen Tony claps Steve’s shoulder once more and squeezes.
together using the palms of his hands. He rubs them hard enough he can see stars against his eyelids, but even that won’t quiet his brain.
Maria’s cutlery scrapes across the china of her plate, “This starter was delicious, wasn’t it Howard?” She speaks quickly, voice trembling. Tony looks at her sharply. Maria never speaks, Maria is always silent, “Shall we ask Jarvis to bring through the mains?” She makes a move to get up, to start clearing the plates, lets cutlery clatter and picks up speed and sound.
“Did she now.” Steven did no more than nod his head and agree, knowing there was no stopping Antonia when she had the bit between her teeth. Alas, it was his misfortune to speak up at all, for it wasn’t long before she rounded on him, eyes flashing.
“Ah no,” the words come out hoarse, he lets a cough rattle in order to clear it out again, “No I will make my way home. The fire is a little too warm for me tonight I think.” He paces a couple steps further, letting space yawn between him and Antonia. He doesn’t think he can stand to be close enough to count the eyelashes at this moment. He bows shortly, neck bent, before letting a smile rip fleetingly across his features and leaving through the glass bay doors.
“My idea of him is that he has the power of being universally agreeable. To you, he will talk of farming or ligature; to me, of drawing or music; and so on to everybody, having that general information on all subjects which will enable him to put everyone around him at ease.”
But before she could allow her brain to wander, she thought back to the task at hand. She had to think of the match in front of her, before even beginning to presume one for herself. If Pepper could previously be gratified by James Rhodes riding about the countryside to fetch her flowers, she would be conquered by Mr. Hammer’s admiration.
Pepper and Antonia exchanged a look, before Mr. Marvel continued, “Isn’t it wonderful Antonia? We will be able to have our ball!”
Yes indeed, on self-reflection she could agree, the worst error lay at her door. It was inherently foolish and wrong to take such active joy and such a part in bringing any two people together. It was adventuring too far and assuming too much. She had talked a dear friend into being very much attached to a man who she may never have thought of with hope, if not for Antonia’s thorough assurances of his attachment. She still firmly believed she was right in dissuading Rhodes’ attention, she would not fault herself there, but she got over-excited and under cautious with her sticky attempts to match make from there.
sooner.” Mr. Barton says, smile still affixed to his face. His eyes trembled with mischief and delight, and Antonia found herself warming more and more to this man. He did really look and speak as if in a state of permanent enjoyment.
“This is the luxury of a large party,” said she –“one can get near everybody, and say everything. My dear Antonia, I am longing to talk to you. I have been making discoveries and forming plans, just like yourself, and I must tell them while the idea is fresh. Do you know how Miss Hill and her niece came here?”
“I am forgetting that I am not acquainted with her, never seen them before. I must prevent getting myself forward.”
Steve sits by Tony on the bed, hands hanging awkwardly in the air as he’s not sure whether to console the man physically or verbally. Going for the latter, he lets his hands drop. “No one blames you for it, Tony.”
“Tony – Tony” he can’t do anything else but repeat his lover’s name, like he’s praying to a higher power. He feels hands across his skin, light and slow, providing a lodestar in the midst of the havoc of his mind. It clears slowly, and looking up at Tony smiling at him is like looking directly at the sunrise, like dawn breaking across his back.
Now the cynic in Antonia could see this engagement for what it was. Flattery and infatuation from what, objectively, is a handsome man to a young and naïve women was enough to have her indisposed to accept his advances. Not many aimed for what Antonia required from her match, and most were far happier to settle for less. And there was no shame in that, in and of itself, but the fact she had to smile at a woman settling for
“Yes, but,” Maria starts, stares at her wrist fondly, “My life is already over. Yours is just at the start. He’ll not make this easy, when he knows.”
“How fares your health, Miss Romanov,” he continued, commandingly and before Miss Hill could get a word in before him, “I did think on you last night and hope no cold was caught after your brush with bad health.”
“I am happy, that Mr. Murdock has furnished Miss Romanov with such a generous gift. Although you look skeptical.” Antonia eyes light up, “do you have another candidate?”
Most of the time though, Steve sits and talks. He speaks of how Thor attempted to cook a meal, but ended up coming to blows with the oven when it charred the turkey to a crisp, and so instead ended up sulking and setting up a campfire on Tony’s landing platform. He talks of how Natasha and Clint spent the morning after he was injured curled up on the sofa watching old reruns of Friends, so close together you could mistake them for the same person. He even mentions how Bruce has stopped writing on the back of his hands and up his arms to calm himself down, and instead talks aloud to whoever is there.
“Do you want to go back to sleep?” Tony asks him softly, and Steve shakes his head in response. He feels
Clint Barton whispered, just enough for Captain Rogers to make out, “I shall give it to her shall I?” and he as clearly heard Antonia giggle and say with notable warmth, “No you must not, you shall not indeed.”
“I told him I was not about to turn Miss Romanov into Mrs Rogers. She would not take me if I asked her.” Antonia snorted at this, shaking her head incredulously like the thought of denying Captain Rogers was beyond her, “I like Natasha, and think she is a fine young woman, I admire her. But she’s reserved – more so than she used to be. And I like an open temperament. Until Cage mentioned it the thought had not even entered my head. But I do believe I gave no indication that such rumours were true, yet I cannot shake the feeling that Clint Barton does not do the same with regards to Miss Romanov.”
“Or that straight.” Tony laughs but the last word comes out as a moan as Steve reaches a hand forward to jack him off so painfully slowly.
He threw Steve’s shoes on the floor of his closet and threw the jacket on the desk chair.  Turning to stare at the rest of the room, Tony felt his heart stutter.  The pictures on the wall, the dog tags thrown on the bureau, the book and sketch pad next to the bed, the pajama pants thrown on the chair next to the closet.  All remnants of the blond.
The oxygen system on board was dependent on the water reclaimer system.  Both could only function if the ship had electricity.  After the power went out, they would be surviving on what reserves of air and water the ship had.  After rerouting all the power they could spare to the oxygen system, Tony decided to start filling up any container they could find with water.  The rules of survival in space: 3 minutes without oxygen and you’re dead; 3 days without water and you’re dead; 3 weeks without food and you’re dead.  They would be fine for a week once the ship ran out of fuel, but after that it would be a stretch.
“Hey, kid, it’s Christmas,” he smiled at the grumbled reply.  “I’m making coffee.  Come down in 10 and I’ll have the pancakes on the stove.”
The room erupted with loud voices, but Scott couldn’t hear a thing over the words rattling in his head.
As Peter’s tears slowly subsided, Tony let go of him to speak to the woman who had greeted him.  “He’s fine now. It’s just hard for him to see that video you guys show in detention of Captain America lecturing the kids.”
“Who knew you’d become the tutor to every kid related to the Avengers?” Peter asked as FRIDAY booted up the jet.
Vision hauled him into the jet and began treating him, hands firm but surprisingly gentle on his wounds.  Tony faintly heard Pepper on the phone, speaking in frantic but hushed tones.  He tried to focus on her words but only caught one thing before he succumbed to the darkness.
“What should I do, Pep?” he asked, sounding so small and so scared. Like he was 8 years old again, seeking out his mother after being smacked by Howard.
At the bright stab of sunlight, Tony sucked in a breath of air.  It was too warm to be Siberia, but too humid to be Afghanistan.  He was fine.  He was safe.
Before becoming a dad, he had been a mess. Anyone who had known him could attest to that.  He had drowned himself in alcohol when he came back from Afghanistan, when he had palladium poisoning, when Steve had come out of the ice and immediately hated him and everything he stood for.  He even had his hang-ups when he and Steve started dating a measly 3 months after Fury had forced Tony to introduce Steve to the 21st century.
Peter stumbled into his arms, looking terrified as tears gathered in his eyes.  “I don’t know what’s happening.”  He gripped Tony in a hug, clinging with his spider strength. Tony lowered them to the ground, gripping back just as hard. “I don’t wanna go, Dad, please, I don’t wanna go, I don’t wanna go…”
At the dinner table, Ned, MJ, and Peter were monopolizing the conversation by talking about conspiracy theories they had about their teachers and classmates.  Rhodey and Happy had been goading it on, asking theoretical what-if’s about the teachers and making the kids even more suspicious of their poor chemistry teacher who sounded like he just needed a life.  Pepper and May had been laughing at their antics the whole night.
“I needed some alone time today to…get away from it all.  And nothing’s more therapeutic than swinging between buildings and letting the wind take all my problems away.”
The ship was mostly fine.  The fuel cells had cracked in the battle, but with some welding and siphoning fuel from the ship Nebula had crashed in, they were able to take it off and hit warp speed four within the day.
Strange opened his mouth to quip back, but Maw had already clenched his hand to shoot out a beam towards Tony and Peter.
Instead, he kissed the top of his son’s head before pulling back.  “That’s okay, Pete.  Why don’t you go get comfortable on the couch and throw on a show?  I’m making hot cocoa.”
“Yeah, MJ found it like 4 months ago at this market place in Brooklyn.  I didn’t want to go, because Queens is obviously better,” Tony laughed at this. “But I had to get it.”  He shoved his phone to Tony.  “It’s in the back of my closet.  I don’t really know what to do with it now.  I definitely don’t want to look at it anymore.”
“Ouch!” Tony yelled, slapping his hand on his neck.  “You gotta work on your bedside manner.”  He received a glare in return.
Tony grit his teeth and flipped the hood open.  “So what, Barton?   You want to talk about our feelings?  Is that it?” He turned back around, waving the wrench around.  “Oh, the love of my life chose my parents’ murderer over me and then proceeded to almost kill me, I’m so sad, I can’t sleep at night.”
He wheezed to the living room.  Maybe Steve was watching the latest baseball game and arguing with Peter about the better sports snack to have.  He could almost hear the laughter if he strained his ears hard enough.
Tony paused before following him.  Even though it had been ages since their fight, thinking of Steve still stung.  It was like picking at the scab of an old wound.  He just couldn’t fully heal.
Tony nodded, gripping onto his son’s shoulders as they limped to the rest of the group. Strange hadn’t gotten up from his position on the ground. “Strange!  You okay?”
The UN wasted no time in setting up the trial for Scott and getting it televised.  The whole world was invested in the Accords now.
” Tony’s voice grew hysterical as he punched a chord off him.  “So, Peter Benjamin, do you want to tell me what the fuck you think you’re doing!” Tony yelled.  “You were supposed to go back home!  You weren’t supposed to be on this trip!”
He told her all about the Avengers, about Rhodey, about Pepper, about Steve and their life together before the fight, about Peter and how proud he was of him.
“It’s sacrilegious to have cocoa without marshmallows,” Tony said, pretending to be affronted.  The man smiled at Peter’s muffled laughter.
Tony saw Peter ready to open his mouth and say something about Spider-Man and cut him off with an “Okay, that’s enough.  They’re both fine skills.  Let’s move on.  Lila, how’s pre-calc going?”
“Thank you, Tony.  Same goes for you,” she smiled, waving him off as he walked to the yard.  Donning the suit, he glanced one last time at the kids hanging around the perimeter before blasting off into the sky.
He accepted a goldfish beanie baby with a closed-lip smile before turning back to her.  “No, I haven’t.  T’Challa won’t give me any info.”
One moon later and the amulet turning out to be a fake, Tony and Thanos were locked in an unforgiving battle.  Nothing Tony did seemed to faze the Titan and he was running out of options and nanites to continue the fight.
Rhodey nodded.  “You’re going to be dealing with him a lot from now on.  Might as well get used to it.”
“Lang.  Stark,” Ross growled when the door opened.  He slammed a thick stack of papers on the desk in front of him.  “The places you have to sign are labeled with a red arrow.  I’m assuming you’ve already read them?” he shot a glare at Tony.
Tony huffed a laugh. ”I guess.” He looked down. “He’s already so much better than I ever was, Pep. I’m so unbelievably proud of him.”
“Yes! Exactly like in Footloose!” Quill agreed excitedly.  “Is it still the greatest movie of all time?”
He lifted his head fully, cringing at the sharp pain that stabbed through his neck and back. “I’m getting too old for this,” he muttered as he took in the sight of Peter.
The worst part of this whole ordeal was registering Peter under the Accords.  Although he was a minor, he still had to document his powers as Spider-Man.  Tony was lucky, in a way, that he was Peter’s father and therefore Spider-Man’s legal guardian.  It gave him the power to ground the boy whenever he pleased and the UN listened to him and his reasons.  He had to strike a deal with the UN to keep Spider-Man identity within the confines of the council so that Peter could live a normal, teenage life until he turned 18.  He got enough attention as it was being the son of Tony Stark.  He didn’t need any more as Spider-Man.
Scott’s brow furrowed as they got in the elevator.  When it opened in the lobby, his brows flew to his hairline.  “Cassie?!”
“Give us the day and time and we’ll be there.  I’m sure he’d love to get away from the city for a bit.”
After Captain America went rogue and vehemently disagreed with the Accords, the general public seemed more hesitant to celebrate what he had stood for.  Was he right to fight the government on this?  Was he right to challenge something that would, in the long run, save more than harm?
“He came from space to steal a necklace from a wizard,” Tony ground out, slamming a part of a taxi into the head.  Out of the corner of his eye, he saw Maw holding Strange against a building.  “Pete, that’s the wizard!  Get on it.”
Pepper nodded, tapping at her StarkPad.  “Don’t forget that the Maria Stark Foundation Fundraiser Gala is tonight.”
He felt hands gripping his shoulders again, pulling him up and away from the tractor.  “Come on, let’s get you outside in the sun, I’ll show you the new cows and chickens, you can even name one of them,” Clint was rambling with an arm around his waist.
come help out.”  He dodged a swing of the hammer only to be hit by the other hand.  “What’s this guy’s problem?”
By the time the jet came and Vision had loaded the dead suit and shield into the bay, Tony’s breaths had slowed and rattled on every exhale.  He lay back against the wall, deep coughs causing his ribs to scream but were necessary to clear his throat of the thick blood choking him. He had to live to see Peter; he had to live to fix this shitshow.
“’Mr. Lord,’” Quill mocked and shook his head.  “Star Lord is fine.”  He motioned for Mantis and Drax to join the circle.
Stepping out in the hallway, Tony’s shoulders sagged with exhaustion.  Ross had the council meeting every other week, basically, with whatever he deemed important to discuss.  Tony was sure he was doing it to try to establish his power, but it was only irking the other members at being taken away from other important duties.
Rhodey shook his head and grabbed a burger, leaning back in his chair.  “If you can’t beat ‘em…” he murmured.
When the clock struck midnight, Tony laid a gentle kiss on his son’s forehead and whispered, “Merry Christmas, Pete.  I love you.”
“Who could find him?” Strange asked, stopping Tony from ranting at Bruce about Vision’s complexities.
“For good reason!” Tony responded with a smile.  “But I’ll make an exception today.”  Tony climbed back in the suit and grabbed ahold of Peter.  “Hold on tight, kid,” he commanded before taking off through the entrance of the school building.
“God, Pete,” Tony said wetly, rushing over to grab the teen in a hug.  “I’m so sorry,” he whispered, letting Peter cry into his chest.  “I’m never going to leave you, Pete, okay?  It’s always going to be me and you, till the end of the world.  We’re a team, right?”
He was tired of holding on to the anger and the pain.  He was tired of constantly fighting Ross to make the Accords into something that would bring the rest of the Avengers back.  He was tired of raising Pete without his other father.
did it?” he asked himself.  It didn’t take long to find the main room, where Maw had Strange elevated in the midst of glowing crystals.  He was about to make his entrance when he spotted red and blue out of the corner of his eye.  “Peter?!”
Tony couldn’t help but stare at the man, dressed in plain clothes and looking a little haggard.  “Are there no beds in Wakanda?”
“Yeah put him through,” he said, leaning forward in his chair to be closer to the desk landline near him.
“Captain Steven Rogers, also known as Captain America, is stuck firmly in his belief that the Accords are stripping the rights away from supers.  What he fails to realize is that supers have a tendency to destroy and harm in addition to all the saving that occurs.  What he fails to understand is that maybe supers need to answer to somebody, too, just as military officers must answer to their superiors.  But, I digress, I am not necessarily here to talk about what went through Captain Rogers’ mind during this whole debacle.
“No! Fuck them!  Pops shouldn’t be letting politics get in the way of being there for his only child!” he yelled out, tears steadily pouring down his cheeks. His face crumpled.  “I’m just tired of my parents leaving me.”
The chocolate chip cookies he and Peter had baked were left out with the milk right next to the fireplace.  A silly tradition considering both of them knew Santa Claus did not exist, but Steve had always been adamant on celebrating the holiday to the fullest.  Not in the way that supported the corporate greed of companies or the way the media portrayed, but in a way that celebrated family.  Because, at the heart of Christmas, it was all about celebrating what you had and cherishing your loved ones.
He rubbed his thumb over his wedding band, which still sat on his left hand.  It felt like a shackle.  No matter what thoughts crowded in his mind, he wasn’t strong enough to take it off.  He didn’t know if he would ever be.
The last question taken was from a man in a large brown suit.  “Mr. Stark, is divorce in the future between you and Captain Rogers?”
Tony shut his eyes, shoving all of his emotions to the back of his mind.  “Pete…” he rasped out, trying to sit up.
When Tony surfaced from the workshop, 4 hours since he went down after Peter went to bed, he was running on autopilot.  In between the UN meetings he had to attend and his son to provide for, Stark Industries was taking a little bit of a hit with the lack of designs flowing in.  He had been smart in the past to backlog enough designs to last the company a year or two in case anything happened, but he didn’t want Pepper to have to rely on those.  Iron Man hadn’t even made an appearance since he had been declared healthy, and he doubted it would until the Accords were at a place he deemed sufficient.
Steve answers in a knee-jerk fashion because apparently his life can't get much more embarrassing, "No, I think you are gorgeous as well. I'd love to sketch you."
He turns toward Antonia, the three steps it takes making it feel like just her and him in the room. Maria, for all her scheming, quickly makes to look anywhere else but the pair of them.
“I - Jesus Tony.” Steve starts, gathering the words as he moves to pull the bacon off the stove, switch it off. He comes back into Tony’s space. He puts his hands either side of his face, press a kiss to his forehead, his cheeks, his lips. “I want you so badly.”
“It’s not like he has feelings!” Tony cries back, heart full and heavy. He has the window rolled down, breathes in the air that hits his lungs, lets it burn and snap in his throat.
“No offense, kid.” And Tony bristles like a particularly perturbed cat, he’s only three years younger than Steve, “but you look like death warmed up.”
“Well Miss Stark,” said Pepper, when they had quitted the house, and after waiting in vain for Antonia to finish stewing, “Well, Miss Stark, what do you think of her? Is she not very charming?”
"That's absurd." Tony crows, "him? Captain America? Are you having me on? Am I getting punk'd? Is Ashton Kutcher about to burst out the woodwork with a camera crew? Did I miss the hidden cameras? Are we on Ellen?" Steve snorts and Tony flashes him a quick smile.
It was after Clint Barton wavered once more between insincere flattery and grumbles about the heat that Antonia stood quickly, “Well I would like to see the view again, and intend to enjoy the rest of the day.”
to marry, he was the very person to suit her in age, character and condition. He seemed by this connection between the families, to almost belong to her. And she knew that others thought it a good match, if for how much the very being of Clint Barton was thrown in her face. She had a great curiosity to meet him, a decided intention to find him pleasant and of being liked by him to a certain degree, and a sort of pleasure in being coupled by friends’ imaginations. Perhaps of recent, the idea of him had perhaps interested her less, but she thought that perhaps only due how hard she had been working on her matchmaking.
Because of this he tends to try eat alone, snatching a sandwich or piece of fruit here or there and then excusing himself from dinner early, rather than obsessively staring at the portions people take, ready to save whatever is left. On the field, he is the embodiment of a team leader, but at home he’s still the fish out of water who hasn’t a hope in hell of understanding half the cultural references Tony, Clint and even Bruce drop in conversation. He figures its best to save them the bother of having to explain every sentence, and the awkwardness of retelling and dissecting a joke just so he can understand it, by simply not showing up.
“It’s okay, I get them too.” Tony replies, voice awkward, eyes painful as they dart around the room landing on anywhere but Steve, “Look – I know, for whatever reason, you don’t want to hang out with me anymore. And that’s fine – I’m not going to hold it against you. You lasted longer than most. But –“ and Tony takes a step further into the room, air becoming thick and heavy and stopping Steve from breathing properly, “But can I just ask, and don’t let my intense vulnerability here become any kind of factor here, can I ask what I did?”
“Your secret is out.” She responds, and misses the flash of panic that sieges across his face, “You dance better than anyone.”
Tony looks up with soft, dark eyes. “I’m amazing – it’s just – well, let’s just say you are definitely in proportion. I’m going to feel you for days.” The last is on a whisper, sending arousal shooting up Steve’s spine. Tony tracks his shudder with a sudden laser like focus, “Oh you
The man’s shoulders droop, and he practically falls asleep where he stands. “What are you talking about, sleep. Gods like me don’t need sleep.” The joke is slightly slurred and Steve grins.
Tony feels like he’s standing on the edge of something. He can feel how easy it will be to fall in love with Steven Grant Rogers, how wonderful it will feel. He knows now, what philosophers speak of when they say that the bond is inevitable - like a siren song. He can’t ever imagine being able to walk around with this bond in his head and think of anything else. Aside maybe computers. Although his brain is now just an amalgamation of COMPUTERS AND STEVE with rainbows and love hearts peppering each individual thought.
She knew no better solution than to offer the now crowd of people around her a couple of shillings and inch her way forward through the clamourous and excitable group of strangers. But her purse was too tempting to be forgotten about once she had offered them some small measure of it, and they followed her with a demand of more.
In the afternoon Steve brought the sunshine to Hartfield, and news followed him not soon after. Pepper had arrived shortly after Mr. Barton’s departure, and the two had been bent over the pianoforte for an hour. Admittedly, not much playing was occurring, simply whispers and giggles that caused Antonia to fall off the stool more than once.
“What is it?” Steve asks, propping his head up to look fondly at his soulmark, his intended, his love of his life. Tony’s curls are sweaty and rakish across his forehead, he’s damp with sweat, and his eyes are wild with love and laughter.
Tony clears his throat against the dark swell of lust that sits there, and Steve turns, moment broken. His smile is soft and full of stars, “Hey T. Sleep well?”
“Well, Miss Stark!” cried Pepper, coming eagerly into the room – “this makes for some odd news today.”
It was alone, basking in the view, that Steven found her. Out of spirits and out of sorts, she smiled at him, before it quickly slid off her face at his look of sadness and fury.
When he wanders through to the kitchen he is met by two things. The smell of good, hearty, homemade food that he usually acquaints with Rhodey (never Stark manor). And Steve, unmade and unmasked, humming to himself as he spins round the kitchenette. Freshly showered hair curls against the back of his neck, and he’s delicious in sweatpants and a white T-shirt, dangerously gorgeous in a way that has Tony’s train of thought halted and stuck on the fact that Steve is his. The mark Tony can just see shaded against his hipbone says so.
Antonia could not help it as a giggle escaped her, “You are ungrateful.” She jested. "She is sure to expect you to dance with her first, for a proper partner for
“Shit, I’m sorry Buck. I don’t think that’ll be coming our way anymore.” Steve says, rubbing his eyelids and feels stars explode behind them. He opens his eyes to Bucky staring down at him, a mixed look of sadness and understanding.
“Excellent, I shall ring for the coaches. I have – taken the liberty – of bringing an extra coat. You never wrap up warm enough, Antonia.” He hands the proferred item to her, and she takes it gratefully. It’s true she only brought one extra item with her, a shawl more suited to summer than winter, but she likes the way the red brings out her eyes. Conceited to be sure, but it appears Steven knows her so well to guess her wardrobe.
“Better with you.” Tony feels Steven’s gaze on him like a brand, skin set alight wherever Steve’s eyes land. He notes how his marks eyes darken, until there is only the faintest sliver of blue circling his pupils. It makes Tony feel
“It was something to feel that I could have stayed here forever. My regard for Hartfield,” he stepped toward her, and she could hardly draw breath, eyes wide, “Its, it is very warm.”
skimming the glamour mags, for a few months. Before telling them it fizzled in a way heart-breaking enough that they’d leave him alone for a while before winding back up with this ridiculousness all over again.
worth fighting for), he stumbles out whilst Steve is still asleep and wanders down to the local tattoo parlour.
Tony’s aware he’s bitten through his bottom lip to prevent himself screaming, knows the mad smile he graces his father with is bloody and unhinged.
But right now she is upset with him, and it’s the first real emotion he’s seen from her. It saddens him that it’s not a happy one.
) and never proved matchmaker. Antonia loved her for it, loved her for the lack of desperation that seemed to cling to other women’s petticoats in a stench that lingered on beyond their attendance. She moved the conversation now, without lingering on the perhaps odd comment of Mr. Barton, on to enquiries of his journey, the sad evils of two nights on the road, genuine delight that he’d escaped a cold.
“I should not have thought myself so high above my station.” She muses, later, and it is all Antonia can do to not leap across to her friend and shut her mouth with her hands.
“Ah Antonia, dear, Captain Rogers is away to London by horse. Most unexpected, is it not darling?” her mother’s words are kind, but her gaze is questioning. Antonia cannot make eye contact with either of them, all too aware of her riotous hair and sunken eyes.
of you, before leaving without so much as a by your leave. A wham-bam-thank you ma’am. But hey, at least you can tell everyone you fucked Tony Stark right? Should have made you sign a fucking NDA.”
He pulls his own shirt over his head, and feels Tony’s lust kick up a gear, feels Tony’s eyes like a brand across his chest. He senses the moment Tony feels his insecurity at his scars, feels his nervousness about the ugly mottled marks across his right pectoral where it looks like someone grabbed at the skin and
Antonia nods, face fully aflame now. She is resolved more than ever to no longer keep Pepper in the dark. She should be fully recovered now from her cold, and it was only fair that she should have as much time as possible for getting the better of her other complaint before Mr. Hammer’s return. An uncomfortable penance of communication, she was warranted, and Antonia would bear such a grievance gladly for her idiocy.
Towelling himself dry he sits on the edge of the bed, head buried in his hands, and the minutes drag into hours, which bleed into days, and before he knows it there is a soft knock at the door and his eyes are burning from lack of sleep.
Antonia’s project of forgetting Mr. Hammer for a while made her rather to sorry to find, when they had taken all their places, that he was close to her. She could not understand his insensibility towards Virginia, especially since he not only sat by her, but was continually intruding on her notice, and addressing her on every possible occasion. Instead of being able to forget him, his behavior was such that Bruce’s earlier words took soil and rooted in her brain.
“There is my news – I thought you two should know.” Said Steven, softly and full of kindness. His gaze flitted between Antonia and Pepper, and Antonia turned to her friend upon hearing a muffled gasp, wrecked by what she found. Pepper’s eyes were cloudy, unshed tears trembling at the corners.
He’s naked in the way only true beauty can be, proudly and defiantly. Steve sees his hands shake and go up to hide his scars, but Steve pushes them away gently, reaching forward to kiss the puckered skin, causing Tony to groan long and low like it’s punched out of him.
that beat across her breast at his words, dismissing them quickly, “Oh no, Hartfield is quite enough for me. Think how much you would have to scold me if I was mistress of
Much much later, when Tony’s legs have decided to carry him once more (and he has decided that make-up sex is
“I – that is – Mr. Hammer.” She found she could not speak more, replaying those words Mr. Hammer had uttered so viciously.
“I had to make sure Bruce would not rub in his happily contented self too much without a check here or there, Maria.” Steven grinned, eyes scanning the room. They skated across Antonia’s own, barely connecting, before settling on Bruce and smiling. The slight, however small, felt like a dagger between the ribs, and Antonia had to hold back a gasp.
Natasha Romanov had been exceedingly lucky, or at least as lucky as an orphan could be. She had the good fortune to fall into good hands, knowing nothing but kindness from the Coulsons, and given an excellent education. However her childhood before the Coulson’s had been bitter – if the rumour mill was to be believed – with a mother neglecting her in her haze of grief to the point of abuse.
So he lay in bed, not sleeping, barely breathing. He had no clue how lying to his friends had ended in feelings soaked in something frighteningly close to love. But he had always been this side of an idiot, so what else is new.
It is upon one of these conversations that Virginia pauses, gazes at Antonia awhile in a way that suggests to Antonia she is about to ask a question she will not like.
“Oh but only perhaps one or two more. In particular one for Mr. Hammer! Poor Mr. Hammer – you like him mother – we must find him a wife. He has been here a whole year and what a shame for him to be single much longer. I will do him such a service.”
“I am ashamed of my conduct.” Antonia smiles wistfully, “My blindness, my vanity was flattered. When he first came back, I thought I was attracted to him.” Steven looks down at this, brings his hands into parade rest like he’s waiting for orders. “I was tempted by his attentions, allowing myself to appear pleased. I was never attached to him, and he never wished to attach me. Merely a ruse to hide his true affection to another. But I have been... examining the workings of my own heart and I can
speak on the subject, there is no denying that Mr. Clint Barton may have dreamed the subject – I don’t think it could have been a dream. There was such an idea, for Mrs. Odinson mentioned it to me in passing, and the Cages knew of it. But beyond that it was quite the secret, known to only us. Mrs. Odinson was very anxious that he should have a carriage, and came to us in great spirits one morning because she believed she had prevailed. Natasha, don’t you remember that morning? But she had mentioned to us in confidence – unwilling for it to go beyond, and I have not mentioned it to a soul. I am a talker, but I do admit to not letting it beyond my lips. I’m not like Natasha, able to keep a vault of secrets, she has
“It’s just what he would do.” Antonia’s gaze falls on Steven, across the room in conversation with Miss Romanov, “I know no man more likely than Captain Rogers to do such a thing. For an act of unostentatious kindness, you can look no further than Captain Rogers. I know he had horses today – for we arrived together, and I laughed at him about it, but he said not a word that could betray.”
Obie sits up now, takes charge at the head of the table with a slick smile and raised hands, “Anthony, you may not like this life. But it’s yours. It’s not Mr Rogers - a veteran with no prospects.”
He hears crunching footsteps behind him, and knows better but to look, “Hi Jarvis” he says around the lump in his throat, blinking through the tears in his eyes, the humiliation he feels coursing through his veins.
“Not at all – I just feel he is odd spirits this evening and would do best to stay out of his way where possible. Bruce believes him in love with me. Me! – what an idea!”
“I shouldn’t have let you convince me to stay here tonight,” Steve says, pain lancing through him, “I could have hurt you.”
It was now the middle of June, the weather rolling into a crisp summer; and Mrs. Hammer had sadly overheard of the plans to attend Potomac Hill, anxious for the group to name the day. She barely bridled her impatience when a lame carriage horse through the whole visit into uncertainty; it might be weeks or mere days before the horses were useable for such a visit, but it meant postponement for the short while.
Tony just slurs a yes in acceptance, lets Steve guide him down the hallway to a small room just off centre. It smells like paint, like walnut oil and sweat. It smells like Steve. Tony drinks it in, lets it wash over him, lets Steve guide him to bed and take off his shoes, mumbling his gratitude.
“I must depend on Antonia’s sense far more than you do, or at least am so anxious to hear her rebuke this with her wicked tongue as she will want to do, because I cannot agree with you. How well my darling looked last night!”
“Miss Hill!” Antonia cried, tone pleading, when Miss. Hill opened the door to them on the third knock, “I know that it is Thursday and therefore there is no possibility of hearing any news of Natasha, but, well.
“So Bucky once was so well known for fucking up missions that our whole unit used his name for five years as a verb for shitting something up so horrifically.”
“For what?” Steven replied, and Antonia was suddenly aware of the intimacy of their situation. Most other guests had adjourned to the dance hall, leaving them stood together in the eave of the dining room, utterly alone aside the soft music of chatter accompanying them.
Antonia’s thoughts were whirring, upon hearing this, all unpleasant ones uppermost. She was too completely overpowered by her naivety to immediately reply: ad two moments of silence being ample encouragement for Mr. Hammer’s state of mind, tried to take her hand again.
being the key phrase.” He replied, before biting his lip, pausing a moment, and ploughing on, “But come, my dear Antonia, let us be friends again, and say no more about it. I will give you one apology, for my behaviour toward the end of our quarrel. It was foolish and impulsive and I do hope I have not overstepped my mark.”
“I thank you for your concern; but I assure you that you are quite mistaken. Mr. Hammer and I are very good friends and nothing more,” she walked on, amusing herself in the consideration of the blunders which often arise from partial knowledge, not well pleased with her friend for imagining her blind and ignorant, and in need of counsel. He spoke no more, and Antonia relegated his observations to obscurity, ignoring the gut feeling that had her wondering whether he was right.
, that this reaction is all for him. He wants to swim in it, get drunk on it. He feels the ghost memory of Steven’s lips against his from last night, and viciously wants a repeat so bad he aches with it.
“Yes.” Tony says, and it’s like once he’s remembered he can speak he can only repeat those words, “yes yes yes.” He wraps his legs round Steve, pulls him in impossibly closer and the angle shifts, has Steve’s cock skate off Tony’s prostate before hitting it again and again and again in cycle and Tony’s moan is ripped from him before he’s coming once more across his stomach, the fluttering clench of him enough to finish Steve off also whose flying apart on top of him with a ferocious groan and hard enough to see stars behind his eyelids.
“Ma, where do you want this thing? It weighs a ton!” Steven Rogers voice bursts into the quiet room before he does. Tony can’t stop the way his entire body
Virginia could only answer, “Oh dear yes.” Before the gentleman joined them. He spoke of presently making his way to Mrs. May’s, but now that they had made attendance themselves, he would now defer their visit, and accompany them home.
Steve had been gone nearly three weeks, and Antonia had found very little else to do. Managing an estate when you had a large income at your disposal was far easier than you would think, Antonia able to cast off most roles to the houseservants. She had taken a stroll as far as Steve’s main quarters at Donwell before returning home, and had fallen into discussions at church with Mr Hammer during Sunday mass, but other than that she found herself at want for things to do.
He still cuts such a striking figure, even with the exhaustion that clearly weighs on him. His eyes are hollow, the ocean blue paled down to a pallid grey, “I am afraid I will still be in London.” He answers, “It is to be a substantial trip.”
The man's eyes flick to Steve. To beautiful, delightful Steve whose hands that have been stroking a pattern into Tony's sweatshirt stop still at the insinuation. Tony watches his husbands eyes fill with heartbreak, and steels himself.
to take the biggest hits, because his logic is that he could not stand to see any of his teammates on an operating table. He has no ties, no family, no one he is going to leave behind heartbroken and widowed. He already played that card back in a plane trapped in ice. Sure the public might mourn him, but in the way that he’d be a common news segment and a “oh that’s such a shame” passing comment.
“Miss Stark! We are in need of insistence that only you can give!” his voice was light and full of merriment already, the glass in his hand clearly not his first. But equally not so in his cups as to be embarrassing like Hammer.
Antonia found it really time to be at home; the visit had already lasted long enough, and so much of the morning wasted. She made some more musings on the pianoforte, smiled and agreed it was beautiful, before taking her leave with Mr Jarvis as soon as they could. Steven left before them, talking of visiting Kingston for business, and so they left Miss Romanov with her head bent talking quickly to Mr Barton, whose hands waved and gesticulated as he spoke.
“If you please my dear, with all my heart. I am quite ready. I was ready to have gone with her earlier, but this will do just as well.”
The first time they are called out, minus Steve, he has to sit on his hands to prevent marching out with them. He instructs Jarvis to keep him informed on the action whilst he punches the sand out of a practice bag in the gym. By the time Jarvis tells him they are on their way back, safe and sound, sweat is blurring his vision and three broken sandbags are spread-eagled across the floor. Unwrapping his bindings, he pads upstairs to find Tony stumbling into the kitchen, face bloody and one eye swollen.
A flush stole across Steven’s cheeks, like he’d spoken without thought, but Antonia knew that was beyond him. They locked eyes for a moment, and the look of fondness Steven’s eyes held nearly stole breath from Antonia’s mouth. It was true, Captain. Rogers very rarely hosted in the halls of Donwell. He offered the minimal amount due so as not to slight anyone, with the minimum in attendance and the minimum to offer. It wasn’t that he couldn’t host, or that he did not have the means to, indeed Donwell was a sprawling household – and the rooms were larger than Hartfields – a place built to entertain. It was more Steven only held affairs there when utterly necessary (unless it was to beat Maria Stark at cards, in which case they were often spotted together with Antonia and Jarvis in tow, but that invitation was highly sought after and even more highly guarded by those in possession).
No more than a few days passed after this adventure, when Pepper came one morning to Antonia with a small parcel in her hand, and after sitting down and hesitating, thus began:
“You haven’t moved out of here in three days.” The words are spoken quietly, calmly, as if worried Steve will spook.
“Me!” she replied with a smile of astonishment, “What a bizarre thing to say. Are you imagining me to be Mr. Hammer’s object?”
He stands tall, furious, chest heaving. There is sweat on his brow and fire in his lungs now, “If you touch a hair on Steve’s head, if you even think about thinking about him, I will not write another line of code or another line of design for you again.”
“He wants… I don’t…” Steve tries, and with every word Tony sinks further, “I won’t see him again. I promised you.”
“Well at least make yourself presentable, Miss Hill is arriving shortly.” Steven reprimands slightly, and Antonia groans.
But this decision right here, this moment in time where Bucky is breathing down his neck, the heat above them oppressive and ominous in equal measure, feels forced down his throat. It makes him wary, heart thumping skittishly across his chest. He wonders absently if Tony can feel it, and that thought makes him swallow the panic down, force the foreboding to the back of his mind.
more kid home. Tony yells at him after these sort of moves, the times he goes up against the enemy alone and goads them in order to give those hostages a fraction more time. He doesn’t deal in no-win scenarios, and Tony would make a Star Trek reference if he thought Steve would get it.
Antonia was a good deal surprised; but begged her to speak. There was a seriousness to Pepper’s manner that made her think she may know what was yet to be uttered, but she would not speak it.
“Yes, yes, pray pass me,” added her husband, with a sort of sneering consciousness, “I have nothing to say that can entertain Miss Stark. Shall we walk, Augusta?”
“You must forgive me for gossiping. I spent my whole childhood hearing her virtues sung from the tree tops. We are poles apart – she is just
. 2. He was in a field hospital in Iraq only until he stabilised, then was being moved to Senegal and hopefully from there to the US. Tony only makes one house call, stops by Sarah Rogers. She answers, teary eyed and hollow. “Anthony,” she sobs, “my Steve.”
indeed. “And what a gentleman! It’s a wonder he hasn’t been taken up, a wonder he is still single. Such a gentleman I have not seen.”
But when Bucky comes back (and man is that a clusterfuck) Steve changes. When they find him on the shore, battered and bruised beyond what Tony has ever seen, he doesn’t wake up smiling. He wakes up twisted and cynical and angry. Tony
Tony is the first Stark to be born with skin that isn’t ice to the touch. It’s an old story, one Howard likes to claim is folklore even though he knows the truth. It says that Stark men are made of iron and in birth they feel as cold as the metal they come from. He knows the heart of it, knows in medical notes discreetly buried that the attending physician at his own birth had noted how cold he was. Knows that some say it’s linked to Stark men never being burdened with a soulmark. Yet when he holds his son for the first time, he feels nothing but warmth transfer through skin-to-skin contact, and he stares down at this creation of his that even upon its first breaths defies him.
Antonia was surprised her gown was not aflame for the heated anger and disappointment of Miss Romanov’s gaze upon her.
He lost her for a moment to her thoughts, her eyes glassy, Jarvis bit back a laugh, “Yes.” She agreed, quietly, “If he took someone at all, it would have to be a woman able to challenge his … pigheadedness!”
The words were rushed, by the end Antonia’s face aflame as she remembered exactly what Steven was referring to, “Ah. Please.” She waved her free hand quickly, stopping his apology dead, “Please, let’s think nothing more on it.”
“Oh!” Antonia crowed, “To be sure, always utterly inconceivable to a man that a woman should ever dare to refuse an offer of marriage. A man always imagines a woman to be ready for anyone who asks her.”
The problem with an idle comment, a muttering made in passing, is that is very hard to wish something out of existence rather than create it in the first place. Thoughts take root like trees in the back of Steve’s brain, and they scramble for purchase against the rocky crevasses of his mind. So when things get complicated, when technology and culture seems so far and yet so stunted from what he would have assumed, it is easier to imagine himself out of existence than to understand it.
She went to Mrs. May’s accordingly the next day, to undergo the fault of her sins. And oh, what a sin it was. She had to dash every hope she had been spoon feeding – to tell her good friend that she, not her, had been the one preferred – and acknowledge herself grossly mistaken and misjudging all her ideas on the subject of men. To admit that pushing Pepper into the path of Mr. Hammer was the result of her own blind pride, and not, as they had thought, the result of his affections.
“No, Pepper, dear heart. The fault lies with me. I thought Mr. Hammer worthy of love, but instead he’s a rogue.” The words are reminiscent of Steven’s, and Antonia’s voice catches furiously on the curse. Pepper’s tears fall abundantly as Antonia speaks, only furthering Antonia’s belief that Pepper was truly the superior creature of the two. Incensed now at the sadness she had bestowed on her friend, she could no more than swear to herself that she would not allow this state to linger around her friend for long.
“I am well, Captain Rogers.” Natasha spoke, voice often unheard and all the more soft for it. As gentle as a babbling brook, it was distinctly unlike Antonia’s harsh and excited tones, “And we are much obliged to you for the carriage.”
He doesn’t speak to his wife, a trembling young thing, as he leaves the room. Stark men are cold and made of iron, and this one that is warm and flushed will not do.
He sits, completely naked, in front of the bathroom mirror. He’d pulled a chair up an hour ago, because even though he knows the change has never been documented to occur before midnight on your sixteenth birthday, he still doesn’t want to miss it, just in case. He held a motorbike manual in one hand, having skimmed the pages without anything sinking in, before giving it up as pointless and condemning himself to staring at his skin. The seconds drip past like treacle, the minutes sliding into one another as slow as he’s ever felt. It leaves him with his thoughts for too long. If nothing happens, it means he’s alone. If nothing happens, it means he’s unlovable. If nothing happens, it means he is his father’s son. And that thought terrifies him.
When the monster finally gives way with a shriek, Steve can’t resist looking round to grin at Tony, and in that moment of distraction, he misses the beast’s tail swinging round.
hands against his bare flesh. He sucks in a gasp, tenses a moment, before Tony centers him with another deluge of kisses that swoop into Steve’s stomach and make him feel like he’s falling.
“Good.” Is all his father says, clapping his hand across Tony’s shoulders who hides a flinch under the weight, “No distractions.”
a prostitute. Do you know, I've fought magically charmed monster cupcakes around New York and still this is the most bizarre evening I have ever had." The pair continue to utter a million stuttering apologies, but Tony is more focused on the first part of this mistake identity.
The deep voice is achingly fond, soft and happy. It reverberates around Tony’s brain, settling at last like a cat, curling against his prefrontal cortex where science and computers and all the good stuff lives.
“You. Everything. Anything.” Tony replies, voice hoarse and words stripped bare, “This.” He says, swiping desperately at the zip of Steve’s jeans, Steve helpless to do anything but groan and resist the urge to come undone right there and then, “in me.”
Pepper, who stood now at some distance, with her face turned from her, not immediately able to speak either. And when she did, her voice was as agitated as Antonia’s.
Steve puts down the cardboard he holds in his hands, Sam once distracted is like a dog with a bone, so until Sam is satisfied he's had Steve's undivided attention, Steve isn't getting anything else done.
“He.” She repeats, soft like silk, “I’m sure he’s worth it all. They always are.” The words are longing, wistful. Broken and hollow. She shakes herself free from the melancholy, and the words that follow are laced with iron. “You are happy. I know. Hide it. Keep it far away from Howard. That man only knows destruction.”
“Did I miss the memo that it was annual ‘gang up on Steve’ day or something?” Steve complains, and the grins that affix to Bucky and Clint’s face are so mischievous its terrifying.
“Pot. Kettle.” Steve huffs, walking past Bucky with his precious cargo, takes Tony to the living room and propping him up on the couch softly. And, because Steve Rogers is wonderful, he leans down with an achingly fond glance, one intimate and private yet Tony’s viciously glad Bucky’s there to see it, speaking quiet “want anything, T?”
His dancing, of course, proved to be exactly what she thought it to be, extremely good. She was almost wont to call Pepper lucky, if not for the cruel state of things before. She caught the edges of Miss Hill’s enthused conversation in snippets as she danced across the room.
“There has been a solemn engagement between them both since long before his arrival, since before October. Kept secret from everybody, not a creature knowing it but themselves.” Antonia took this time to sit down, to think about what she just heard, rocking back deep into the chair.
He had hoped she would continue, speak again, but she did not. She busied herself about instead, giving credence to the fact she did not want to explain to him. A variety of ugly thoughts crossed his mind – not least that the acknowledged intimacy between her and Mr Barton did seem to agree that he affections were engaged. He could keep quiet, certainly, but that would risk leaving her heart unguarded, and regardless of how he wished it was left open only for him he would not risk Antonia’s trauma leaving it locke it forever.
But, well, there’s a reason he’s banned from doing dares. Bucky likes to say he’s got no self-preservation. He’s probably right.
“I wish you would learn to arrive at a dinner party in the correct manner.” Antonia hissed as she stepped out the carriage.
Tony takes a gulp of air against the sadness in the room, lets it percolate around his lungs. He lets the warning wash over him for what it is, an ally. Maria has good as told him she won’t tell Howard, and the worst of his fear is released to the wind. He also knows what this means for her, how Howard will only see failure if he learns she has kept it from him. “Thank you.”
Antonia is devastated by it. “I’m sorry for my outburst. I stopped you ungraciously just now and have caused you pain. But anything you wish me to hear, I will hear it, as a friend. You may ask or tell me anything you want, command me as it is your will to – as a friend. I will tell you exactly what I think.” And Antonia thinks if a heart could shatter it would of just then, almost surprised Steven could not hear it tear in two.
“Ah, well. Yes, I see what she means.” She turned to Captain Rogers, whose face had been stormy upon Antonia’s words but smoothed out to tranquil seas when Miss Hill looked upon it, “I will try to hold my tongue. I must be so very disagreeable, for her to say that to an old friend.”
"What Sam?" Steve looks up from where he is poured over his portfolio, careful that the scalding hot coffee doesn't leave any rings.
“Well.” Virginia speaks with a slight colour of sadness, but Antonia dismisses it as sadness for the possibility of their friendship terminating, “Well, I suppose I must refuse him.”
Everybody in and about Highbury who had ever visited Mr. Hammer, was disposed to pay attention on his marriage. Dinner party and evening party invitations flowed in, much to Mrs. Hammer’s enjoyment.
“Pepper!” Antonia shouts now, voice trembling, wishing the words to stop as she realizes with dawning horror what sorry state she has allowed this to get into, “Let us understand each other now, without any further mistake. Are you. Are you speaking of Captain Rogers?”
When Steve finds himself staring at Tony’s chest as it rises with every breath, he gets blindsided by a realisation that clogs his throat with panic.
“Nonsense.” Steven chose this precise moment to speak, and the room fell quiet for it. Steven was often a man of few words in public and social settings, yet the ones he chose to utter were always spoken with grace and command, the room always gravitating to his manner, “If you want a ball, a ball you shall have. I can host at Donwell.”
“If we were playing a drinking game with how many times one person can apologise in the space of a day I think we’d both need liver transplants.” Tony giggles, and with that they pile into the edge of the booth. Awkward introductions are made, Steve arching over Tony in a fiercely protective style. When Tony’s not looking he glares at every one of his idiots in turn and mouths
“Miss Potts!” Hammer’s face was slick now, the words pouring out of him all the greasier, “Miss Potts – oh – I had not observed. How obliging – but I am an old married man and my dancing days are most definitely over. Anything else you command me to I would be happy to offer – but my dancing days are over.”
The game was quickly decided on, alphabet letters scattered across the table with the group forming words for each other, or for anybody who would be puzzled. Mrs. Stark joined them, her and Steven engaged before too long in a heated battle of who could make the longest most convoluted word.
“Steve?” Tony asks, and Steve snaps himself out of the reverie he’s shook himself into, grabs what he needs, and swarms back to the bed. He vows to himself, furiously and solemnly, that if this is it. If this is his only chance to have this, that he will make Tony shake apart so thoroughly he’ll at least remember Steve fondly.
“If I find him conversable, I shall be glad of his acquaintance, but if he is only a chattering idiot, he will not occupy much of my time or thoughts.”
“Well then, now that I’ve seen you are firmly acquainted with Steve’s tongue, you better meet the troops. Dinner, tomorrow, at SHIELD.” Clint says in a tone that brooks no argument, “you better bring your A game.”
Clint whips round, eyes wild, “Yes, the files. The files that totally weren’t made up. The files that definitely exist, and were not just a ruse to come over here and check on your back story. No sir. Those files will be somewhere, let me just go... find.... them?” His tone kicks up into question, before he darts out. Steve mutters a curse, and wonders how Clint ever operated as a sniper.
“It is not just a name,” Tony nearly barks. He’s too naked and too sober for this conversation, and he hates how whiny he sounds, “He’s your soulmate. He probably volunteers at a puppy shelter at the weekends and bench presses cars by the week days.”
Antonia couldn’t believe he’d seen through her as clear as glass, “Yes you are ever the pragmatist – knowing nothing of passion or ardour so great you could choke on it!” Antonia bursts out, before biting her tongue.
“I was mistaken by Mr. Hammer.” She speaks now, “There is a littleness about him which you saw, and I did not.” She pauses for a minute, “He always was a small man, made smaller by his wife.” He snorts at this statement, and she can’t help but answer his wide grin with her own.
It was a moment of disappointment once more, a sadness against Antonia’s breast. For she was so of wont to dance, to be merry and enjoy the night. She wanted to have some joy for Pepper too, who had seemed to be faced with more and more hurdles in her efforts to find a good man.
“I do not find you disagreeable Antonia, I just find you naïve.” Says Steven, with a degree of vexation, that makes Antonia bound toward any other subject immediately, unable to comprehend why her words made him so angry.
“We shall likely never agree about him, and thus add him to the long list of things we don’t agree on. It is nothing extraordinary. I do not believe him to believe a weak young man. Mr. Marvel would not be blind to folly, even in his own son. A yielding and mild disposition may not suit your notions of a man’s perfection, but it suits a great deal other’s.”
The appearance of the little sitting room as they entered, was tranquility itself. The fire roared pleasantly, and Clint Barton, sat a table near it, with Natasha Romanov stood with her back to them, intent on her pianoforte.
. Which Tony definitely wasn't against. Especially since just before Von Doom had showed up they had been at an awards night. Steve instead stands in his shadow looking ridiculously delectable in an outfit Tony
But he looks at Steve’s face, sees it finally quirking into a sad smile that steals his breath out his lungs, and finds it difficult to care.
It is only once Spirited Away finishes, (which, when Steve says he didn’t really understand it and was that a cultural reference or animated documentary like Wall-E? Clint laughs and in between tears says no one just
you must have been with her all these years when you found her company so tiresome! How lucky she was for your mother and yourself to indulge her so when clearly she was such a bother!”
Steven smiled wryly, “You seem to think every conversation we have is one of our quarrels about Antonia.”
He licks and kisses at Tony’s softening cock before Tony bats him away and so he lounges now between the v of Tony’s legs, head on Tony’s stomach, knees bent. It’s not the most comfortable of positions, but Steve doesn’t care. He is viciously proud of the contentment and happiness he feels radiating off Tony, the bone deep satisfaction that sits in his lungs like ambrosia.
Tony looked at Steve, and licked his lips in a way so sinful Steve almost had to look away. His eyes were carnal, and his voice was husky when he spoke, “Oh sugar.” He said, drawl thick, “I think I’m gonna have fun with you.”
Tony had lived in that house of Malibu for a couple of years now, and he was more than used to his immaterial roommate. By ear, he could recognize exactly what things were falling down and where, which doors were being slammed. He was used to it, even Bucky was.
When the cleaner entered, he looked surprised to see Tony still there but not as much as all his other cleaners had. Tony usually stayed to say hello to Steve. At first it had been just to make sure Bucky was still in good terms with the cleaner, but as of lately it was less about that and more about seeing Steve Rogers, art student on Mondays, Tuesdays, Thursdays and Fridays, and cleaner the rest of the time. Tony liked watching the way his muscles flexed. Was that a crime?
“Ah,” mumbled Tony, eyeing him curiously. “Is that so?” he smirked. “Why, Mr. Rogers. Did you invite me here with ulterior motives?”
He thinks of that night often because it was the first night he didn’t hear a thing. Bucky slept by his side and none of them were bothered at all, which was strange, but Tony brushed it off and assumed they simply had gotten used to it. However, once he entered the kitchen, sure he would find some cabinet doors open and stuff, as usual, he was shocked to see it just like he’d left it the night before. It was disconcerting, and just a tiny bit unsettling, but he wasn’t going to complain. He was running out of glasses for the fourth time that year, and it was May.
It was absurd. Steve couldn’t imagine someone would live in a haunted house for years with the amounts of money Mr. Stark had. He understood that some people would when they had no choice and the haunting was bearable. He understood some could brush it off as an inconvenience because it was easier, simpler, when to fix it was too complicated. But Mr. Stark was a billionaire. He could find another house, one that he felt comfortable being in. What was he still doing there?
It would take a lot more sex, a lot more talking, and a lot more hours of Steve genuinely worrying about whether he’d made a mistake and Tony Stark was, in fact, insane, for the man to finally leave his apartment and find a house for himself. The people he hired to get his things out of his old house quitted within the hour, and so his first night on his new one, not far from his old haunted place, was a little rudimentary, since all he had was a bed, his phone and his charger. The kitchen was completely stacked, though, since he was pretty sure nothing from there could’ve survived the week and he had needed new glasses anyway, so they were not worried about having plates to eat the pizza they ordered.
Even if it had been Bucky, there was no way he could’ve taken the glass out of the sink and then thrown it to the floor. It simply made no sense. He looked around nervously, confirmed there was nothing around that could’ve caused it, and proceeded to clean the mess quickly.
“Well, that was more than enough for now, don’t you think?” He kneeled again and dared to pet it softly on the head. “How did you get here, buddy? Do you have a home?”
Tony was yawning once again, so he nodded. “That sounds like a good idea. Sorry. I didn’t get to sleep much last night.”
Still, he could admit from time to time that some things would make him nervous. He was a science man and he never liked things he couldn’t fully understand. And so, at times, it overwhelmed him. But when that happened he just needed to step out of it for a while, and it would pass. Honestly, the times he’d be there just chilling were rare.
“You can come and stay in my place tonight if you would like. Clearly this house is no longer safe for you. Please, consider getting a priest or, or someone, to cleanse it, because the thing that’s in here could seriously hurt you.”
The cleaner was wrinkling her nose in disgust. “That little monster is making a mess just as I clean.”
He’d been about to fall asleep when there was a loud rattle from the kitchen, which wasn’t actually abnormal, except from the low whine that followed. He straightened but didn’t stand right away, frowning as he listened, waiting for something else. And then, another whine. High-pitched, not quite human, but… scared. It was definitely weird. And so, he went to inspect; slowly, almost timidly, only to find the bucket he’d left on the counter on the floor.
“I really,” Tony’s speech was interrupted by a yawn again, “can’t believe you haven’t,” yet another one, “haven’t seen it. You’ve missed half your life!”
The next Tuesday morning he had to leave a little earlier than what he liked, and happened to run into his cleaner, which didn’t happen often. He hired an agency and he knew they would rotate sometimes, so he didn’t even catch the name of some. This one he thought he had seen before, a woman that ought to be late in her thirties or so, that would usually smile at him a little too much.
One thing was feeling as if he shared his house with someone he couldn’t see. Another was feeling unsafe, and fear for his cat’s life as well as his own physical integrity.
Panting and satiated, he almost fell asleep there, legs tangled and shoulders touching, but he heard a light scratch coming from the closed door. He knew right away what it was. He took a deep breath and went to open it on his way to the bathroom. “Hey buddy, sorry you woke up and were alone, huh? That’s okay, you can come in now.” He then remembered that wasn’t, in fact, his cat, and didn’t know what was or wasn’t allowed, so he turned to see if Tony disagreed. The way Tony was looking at him took his breath away.
It was his fault. He had known that sage could make things worse if the presence was too strong, that it would anger them, but by the way Mr. Stark had talked about it, he never thought it could be like that. He’d been irresponsible, inconsiderate, and for that, now a man’s house was trying to hurt him.
Steve paled, and his mind went into a spiral of guilt, quickly catching on what had happened. Everything had been silent for the past week and he had thought what he did had helped, but…
“I’m pretty sure you didn’t. You just offered to leave when you thought you put me in a hard place.”
He certainly felt like a good person, sitting across from Steve in the kitchen counter because it was that or the coffee table, smiling and joking like that wasn’t the weirdest thing he’d ever done, mocking Steve for doing something without his permission that had really fucked everything up.
For example, one Friday afternoon in particular would always come to mind, where if it hadn’t been because he’d been on his way to collect some drawings when he remembered that he was needed for something at his company that he really didn’t want to do, he would’ve been on his workshop. But instead, he left a bucket filled with nuts and bolts on top of the kitchen counter and went to his room to take a nap, because he hadn’t slept at all the night before, and barely an hour the one before that.
The cat meowed again, eyeing him attentively and waving its tail slowly. The minute Tony had placed the plates on the floor, before he could even take a step back, the cat rushed to devour it. It finished it in minutes, and once it was done with its water, it directed his attention back to Tony, curiously.
Tony wanted to laugh. He was pretty sure he’d be a lot more comfortable in a hotel room, which he could afford more than comfortably, but Steve Rogers, who worked and studied, probably couldn’t. It was upsetting that he had caused the thing in his kitchen to turn violent, but it was also kind of endearing that he had cared enough to do that, and that he was taking responsibility for it. He took a deep breath and eyed up and down the man that still looked guilty. Then he smirked. “Okay.”
“You got yourself a deal, sweetheart.” He smiled and pulled Steve down for another kiss, mindful of the little thing that was soundly sleeping in between them. He was, after all, the one responsible for all the changes in Tony’s life, and he would forever be grateful he’d left a bucket full of nuts and bolts on his kitchen that one day all those weeks prior.
“I don’t…” Steve pants, like he’s run a mile, “I don’t give a fuck what fate thinks I want. Words on my skin before I am even born have nothing to do with who I am now. Who I love.”
A delighted sound is rung out of Tony, somewhere between a groan and love. “Steve, you are killing me sweetheart.”
In moments like this Tony reminds him of his motorcycle. All humming, lithe energy, not a part wasted or for show. The man is wearing a tank top, stained with grease and oil and sweat, jaggedly cut around his arc reactor.
thing.” Tony huffs, and Steve laughs and kisses Tony’s forehead in a move entirely too tender for Tony’s poor heart to take and he has to move away before he does something stupid like leech onto Steve’s suit and never lets him go.
The girl at the counter hides the roll of her eyes when she hears what he wants, but he doesn’t care.
. He’s grown up in an era of hand-me-downs. He dressed in Bucky’s old clothes, shirt cuffs swallowing his fragile wrists, dress shoes rubbing uncomfortably at the edge of his feet. The poster of Cary Grant he had pressed to his bedroom wall he’d begged the movie theatre down the road from him for, and it was been creased so badly it nearly made Grant look cross eyed. Everything he’d grown up with was made for somebody else. Was pulled and pushed and squeezed to make fit. So when his soul carved out space on his hipbone, swathes of dark ink spilling across his skin like a balm, he was nearly overcome by relief that this was just for him. When his heart was hollowed leaving room to say
“I need to drop off this idiot and check he gets in safe, then I’ll drive you through.” Steve answers, and Tony shakes his head with a wry smile.
Steve shrugs in return, “You never want to go out, always making excuses and when we finally do you move away from me. I thought…” he goes quiet before taking a deep breath and continuing, “I thought we were more than just a stress reliever after battles.”
He looked at her, as if wanting to read her thoughts. She hardly knew what to say. It seemed like the forerunner of something absolutely serious, which she suddenly did not wish for all the world.
Steven, her beloved friend, required her, and she would not disappoint. Cost her what it would, her heart breaking like glass beneath her breast, she would listen.
“You’ve got a nose for trouble, ain’t ya Stevie?” James - Bucky - Barnes says, Brooklyn accent thick, voice heavy with humour. All Tony can blur together is tall, dark hair, and a fond smile directed at his mark like it’s never out of place when he’s around. He feels something sharp settle in his lungs, jealousy like broken bottles in his heart. Here’s someone who knows Steve Rogers like the back of his hand, knows everything that makes him who he is, that brought him to Tony. He’s not sure how he feels about it.
The ball proceeded presently. Everybody seemed overjoyed; the praise of a delightful ball heaped onto Steven’s figure with abandon, who shrugged them off with an easy grin that twisted Antonia’s gut. He’d look upon her often, seriousness banished from his face for more gentle and kind eyes, and Antonia knew she probably looked a state. Face flush, strands of hair falling out its elegantly coiffed rolls that Pepper had spent hours on, chest heaving with the exertion of not excusing herself from one dance the entire evening. But she practically vibrated with excitement, and could not bring herself to pay the matter any mind. It passed as such for a while more, and before she could blink the last two dances before supper had begun, and Pepper had no partner – the only young lady sitting down – and how anyone could be disengaged was the wonder considering how brimming the dance floor was.
“Captain Rogers and Miss Romanov?” exclaimed Antonia, before hushing slightly at the glances placed upon her at her volume, “dear Mrs. Marvel, how could you think of such a thing. Captain Rogers – Captain Rogers must not marry! I cannot imagine him marrying; and I am sure it is not likely.” Antonia’s heart was in her throat, sweat beading on her brow. She wasn’t sure why she so vehemently opposed such a match, but all she knew is it made her stomach roll at the thought. “And Miss Romanov of all women.”
They bundled up and moved to the Crown Inn momentarily, Clint’s knees bouncing in excitement against her own in the carriage. Mrs Marvel watched Antonia with a knowing eye, and Antonia flushed, feeling awkward with the attention heaped on her.
Antonia’s heart tears in two at his answer, and she cannot begin to fathom why, “This is a sudden idea, is it not?”
Stark in comparison to his shaky landing is the picture of slick. He’s sat in one of the long backed chairs, legs up and crossed on the table in a way that’s careless yet refined. The suit that’s casually rumpled is so well fitted it looks practically sewn on, and the sunglasses he’s sporting are pushed back to perch on his head showing eyes so deep Steve thinks he could cliff dive into them.
Steve still, after all this time, has to resist the urge to jump every time that polite English voice speaks from around him. Tony has told him time and time again that it’s not in the ceiling, but he can’t help staring at the light fixtures when he replies.
He sneaks, soft and silent in the way only a child can, down through the garage and out into the darkness. He wonders whether Howard would have even stopped him if they had crossed paths, or whether he’d celebrate finally getting rid of the one burden he will not bear.
Thor has joined him by this point, lifting great lumps of rock without so much as a shake of his arms, but he doesn’t even look up to acknowledge him.
“But Miss Hill and Miss Romanov!” said Mr. Barton, looking around, “We thought you were to bring them.”
But he digresses. The long and short of it is, that he is shit hot at seeing the risk, calculating his room for failure, and choosing the best option. He prides himself on it, it is what has earnt him the begrudging respect of nearly every military field. But it still doesn’t explain that when they are all sat amidst takeout and blueprints at headquarters late one night (as nearly every night is spent), upon the conversation finally taking a turn for the personal, he does something stupid. When Nat and Clint quiz him for the millionth time, relentless, he looks up from where he’s poring over paperwork and interior layouts, opens his mouth, and blurts “I’m dating Tony Stark.”
“Really?” Steve asks, smirking before his voice goes quiet, pondering, “I don’t suppose you can tell if I’ve got any hopes or dreams.” His eyes stayed fixed on Antonia a beat too long, causing her to fluster and the next words come out too close to biting.
The carriage came; and Mrs. Stark was carefully attended to her own by Captain. Rogers. They exchanged a few remarks, and Antonia was pleased to see a smile on her mother’s face. Elizabeth stepped in after Maria; Bruce Banner, forgetting that he did not belong to their party, stepped in after his wife very naturally; so that Antonia found, on being escorted to the carriage behind, that she was to be alone with Mr. Hammer.
It had been a long time since Antonia had been at the Abbey in the daylight, that as soon as she was satisfied with her mother’s comfort, she was happy to leave her and look around; eager to refresh her memory with particular observation.
She found herself unable to speak another word – her voice lost, and she threw herself down onto the recliner, waiting in great terror till Pepper should answer.
Except, perhaps, the fact she seemed to live for the letters received from her niece, which she devoured voraciously and made sure everyone else around them were given recitals of them as well.
Thor pauses, unsure what to say next and Steve realises just how smart the man truly is. He manages to hide it well, behind words of grandeur and flowing capes, but he is just as intelligent as Tony or Bruce, if in a different way. This world is truly alien to him, but he accepts all the madness of Facebook or Phones with a smile and a demand to know exactly how it works (even if he gets frustrated at having to limit his speeches of glory to 140 characters on twitter). He likes loud music (watching Tony and Clint teaching him how to headbang was possibly the funniest thing Steve has ever seen).
“Steve!” Tony cuts him off, “I love you. I want you. Preferably inside me in the quickest amount of time possible. We have all night for everything else but I genuinely think I might die if you are not fucking me as soon as possible.”
“What got repealed?” Tony asks, still in a state of shock at Steve’s sudden appearance, at his state of disarray.
Now, despite the evidence to the contrary, Mrs Stark was fond of society, and society fond of her. But this was in her own way. She loved having her friends to visit, and these fell into different causes and categories. From her long residence at Hartfield (for she and Mr Stark had wedded young, and sadly he had died young too), her good nature, her fortune, her beauty, her intelligence, and her daughter, she could dictate visits of her own inner circle as much as she liked. She was not for want of company, but she did find large parties and late hours a horror – aside that of the company of Captain Steven, who fell into a category entirely unique that spared him the judgement of Maria Stark.
“Are you with us, darling?” Tony says quietly, soft enough that their companions don’t hear. Not that it would matter, Maria is engaged in a heated battle of Uno with Bucky, Sarah, Happy and Jarvis. Uno is deadly serious in Maria Stark's apartment, a matter of life or death, and no idle sweet nothings shared between her son and his intended will distract her from victory.
Mrs. Stark was so set on the visit to Randall’s that despite the increasing coldness, she would not shirk it, and set forward the next evening with punctuality not seen before in her. Elizabeth set forth with Maria in the first carriage, the cold severe but the duo too well wrapped up to feel it. By the time the second carriage was in motion a few flakes of snow were finding their way down, and Antonia stared out the carriage window to find herself glad indeed that she had furs and rugs across her to imbue her with warmth.
When they stop for air, its Antonia’s turn to speak, and she does so from the warmth of Steven’s arms.
He comes home to the smell of pancakes and crispy bacon, to Steve humming as he swings round the kitchen in nothing but an apron that sends a new jolt of lust down Tony’s spine. Steve does another spin, and catches Tony staring with a smirk.
“But you have been the best friend I have ever had. No equal to you. You were not to know that Mr. Hammer would behave thus. No – clearly – I am to be an old maid, but know that my devotion to you will never waver! Such a good friend!”
“A degradation?!” Steven roared now, before biting his tongue to instead utter fiercely, “For illegitimacy and intelligence to be married to a likewise intelligent and what’s more respectable farmer? Degradation for a man who has worked for his labours, born the sweat and dirt on his brow to be rewarded with his true love? By God – Antonia – I truly thought that this friendship was a very foolish intimacy. But now I see it is not unfortunate for you but for Virginia. You have built her up now, with falsehoods of her background ideas above what, unfortunately, she is able to claim to, and soon no one within her reach will be good enough for her.”
“We only said to bone him, not invite him in and take him home to meet the mother. In fact, I think Nat explicitly issued a disclaimer saying NOT to take him home to meet the parents. Which you did anyway. And he told Sarah she ‘couldn’t cook for shit’” even after all this time, Clint’s voice is still murderous, “Imagine. Telling
