John did not have time to answer when he was unceremoniously pushed to a closed door and kissed greedily. It surprised him, but he did not fight when his hands were pinned above his head. He allowed Sherlock to do as he pleased. Soon they reluctantly stepped aside to take in air, but they were still merely millimetres apart.
Hannibal looked at the pages torn from his notebook filled with hasty, not entirely clear, very fine handwriting. He had found them quite recently while cleaning his office.
The only person who seemed to listen without condemning him and mixing with the mud was, surprisingly, Hannibal Lecter himself. Chilton, with almost perverse pleasure, had recorded and replayed their exchanges in the course of daily therapy, trying to break him. If not for medication in high doses, regular visits of the true murderer and his satisfied, predatory smile as he stood in front of a former FBI special agent, Will would have certainly had many acute anxiety attacks.
Finally, the lips returned to the head slowly seeping come, engulfing it in his mouth. Sherlock gave John what he wanted, but not quite. He concentrated on bringing him to the edge with caresses from his mouth and hands. He knew well where and how to touch him. He had even more fun than John doing this.
"I... Will. Yes, I suppose you know who I'm talking about. Don't look at me like that, you bastard. You knew what and where your brother took me once sent that goddamn car!" The tone and expression belied sharp words. However, when the eyes of John rested back on the screen, his lips curled in such a characteristic way.
Sherlock stood up with a sigh, when the bell again tore his attention away from the chemical reaction. He would have to do it all over again.
A mobile phone vibrated gently in the eldest Holmes' pocket.
Sherlock and Mycroft could believe that he had a simple and slow, dull mind, but he could use it. Without it he would not have survived a minute of the missions in Iraq, Pakistan, Afghanistan, and previously in several African countries, where he not only served as a physician, but the commander of the four-division snipers. Fortunately, these records are covered by the confidentiality clause. He was not exactly proud of this part of their service, but nothing came free.
"No, nothing," he said, smiling faintly.
He sighed heavily. He needed to act prudently and without unnecessary nervousness.
In that moment he was so abandoned, desperate and for first time, openly asking for help.
She often heard the effects of the nightmares of both of them. The best, most effective relief of their anxiety was Sherlock's violin. She smiled. Nothing worked better. Well, maybe almost nothing. She
But Sherlock was like a hunting dog, he never gave up until he reached the heart of the matter.
The mysterious smile on Mycroft's face gave him much to think about.
Sherlock guessed among other things on why Mycroft took John. That was the only way for Doctor Malone to be able to get everything ready for their return. And this in turn led him to think, but after a few seconds Sherlock had his suspicions about the real reason for this trip.
never
The detective stood in front of the sofa with the envelope in his hand. He looked at some new photos and photocopies attached a few hours earlier and at the same time to understand something. What he thought was merely a warm-up before what Lestrade had to deliver him, turned out to be something completely different.
He feels hands lifting him and carrying him somewhere. He cannot defend himself. The steady hum of an engine growls a little louder. There is no strength in him, but he tries to gather any information, anything at all. He tries to stay conscious. A troubling feeling has returned to him, but he can't place it.
He gasped when a fraction of a second later he realized. John Watson did not remember that he had returned, after many months had passed, stuck in a disturbing belief that he still had visual and auditory hallucinations.
It would confirm the family saying that Holmes' did suffer from deadly boredom and needed the thrill.
It was impossible to break free from the Holmes brothers. He knew this from personal experience. He breathed deeply and closed his eyes for a moment. Until now, he could not collect his thoughts. The explanation about this whole situation was strange. Both Mycroft and Sherlock didn't speak at all about the alleged affair of their mother. He did not want to go into it and seek the truth. Mycroft probably made sure that everything was a black hole or muddy swamp, where you could drown without approaching even an iota of specific answers.
On that thought, he felt like a schoolboy trying to hide his antics. Well, Mummy was currently resting in Scotland and did not pay much attention to what was happening outside of her small residence. He did not want her to get too worried over little things.
America had already started to become a little weary. Time to go back to the Old Continent. England was indeed interesting.
jostle, like sluggish animals in cages.
Sherlock swallowed, trying to predict what John was going to do. He was going to find out soon enough, but the wait itself was a pleasant thrill. For a moment they kissed. This time they were doing it almost lazily. Every time, however, Sherlock's raging thoughts slowed down, concentrating on completely new information. John's hands slowly and systematically massaged, caressed his body. With a grin, he teased him with his fingers, tickling and at the same time not going below the waist. Sherlock wanted, but did not get. John liked to torment him in the best and worst way possible. He blew, kissed, and licked, moving into the areas that demanded more attention.
After a while, a thick rope dropped down in front of him, and Sherlock slid down soon after. John looked at him in disbelief and fear.
Sherlock sent him a harsh, intense look that said he was indeed going to lose his ability to reason.
So they called several teams performing black missions and special operations. During the course they had received their orders from the top.
Yet he was eagerly awaiting the moment when he would leave the United States for good and return to the borders of the Old Continent.
"You have it?" he asked instead of greeting.
Library? For what?
"Don't worry, little brother." John looked up as Mycroft entered the passenger compartment.
"Who?"
Even the disarming incident with agents following him did not ruin his good humour. On the contrary, the fact that they had needed his help made him smile when he thought about it.
They would not talk today. John had to agree with the fact that several experiments closely linked to the reactions of their bodies undergoing various sensory stimulation were more interesting ways to spend an evening than a tiring conversation on a non-essential topic.
He played, this time without taking his eyes from the only riddle which he could not and did not want to solve.
At this time, it was probably his dear brother. He opened the door and sat down in the chair.
Around him, people wandered. Mycroft, who took care of Will after landing, called for his assistant.
He tried to protest, to warn about the water temperature, but he knew that tone. Idiot.
Usually, he did it on his mobile phone and that was what surprised John.
Sherlock looked at his brother, amused.
At the mention of his brother, Sherlock jumped up in a split second.
John just gasped.
It was cold, and he could not feel his legs.
"Of course. Good night."
His mind flashed a thought.
The house was almost ready and equipped with everything he'd asked for. The expensive wine cellar arrangement would take care of itself at a later date, in order not to arouse unwanted interest. The house was very old, but the previous owners equipped it with the comforts of the modern world, combining the charm of bygone centuries with the practicality of modern times. Its residence was in a quiet area where the noise of the city had not yet reached, surrounded and separated from the rest of the neighbourhood. It reminded Hannibal of Will's house at Wolf Trap. It certainly wasn't so isolated, but no one undesirable could bother him there.
He woke up in a warm, dry bed. Something next to him beeped softly. Confusion gave way after a few seconds. He was in a hospital. Understandable, after his… adventure.
"Move, Graham," commanded one of the guards, his hand on a stun gun. Will sighed quietly and walked down the narrow corridor. Keeping his eyes down, he would feel anger from Jack who gesticulated wildly pointing at him.
Apparently that was right. But does it mean that he had been automatically entrusted with the task of taking care of Will?
It was not very professional on the part of the editors and journalists that they decided to make something public that they had not yet read through to the end.
Well, the welcome board of Mycroft Holmes.
Noise. The sound of a waterfall. Cold droplets splashing on him constantly.
"Oh, come in, come in." The door opened to a small and cheerful old lady. Mrs. Hudson. "They are waiting for you upstairs."
"Goddamn vultures!" he exclaimed at one point, what caught Sherlock's attention. "No one checked the personnel?"
Normally he would not care. He could always use Molly's or any other mortuary workers' from the hospital, but in the current situation he definitely preferred to have his own phone within easy reach.
He began to study the life and work of Jones, and sometime later Anthea came with a cup of strong, sweetened coffee. Tea became a privilege and a very distant memory.
He's falling deeper and deeper. On the way to the bottom. He cannot get out on his own. Something tightens around his ankles and pulls.
Well, maybe except for moments such as this.
Usually Sherlock did not care about behaving well and was gruff to Mrs. Hudson, but at this time John had a sincere want to throw her out of the apartment.
"We'll see," Sherlock gave him a gentle smile reserved especially for such occasions. He did not want to arouse hope, because he was not sure how complicated and interesting the case would be.
After two hours, he was sure that he was dealing with a serial killer who operated in order to create the appearance of natural death or an accident. After contacting a surprised Lestrade, he decided to explore the issue, because something was bothering him. Molly had had similar cases, but had received information about similar deaths in several cities in Wales and Scotland, and this meant that the perpetrator had apparently moved and did not stay in one place for long.
He had to maintain his body temperature, at least until he couldn't anymore. He wasn't going to give up.
The water had reached his chest. In this bloody cold he no longer felt any pain. Gradually it felt as if the icy water had become warmer. It was unrealistic, but John knew how dangerous hypothermia was, especially in his current position. He would drown anyway. Whether by going unconscious from the cold, or getting submerged under the water.
that the second bedroom was going to be superfluous the moment Sherlock introduced her to John. She could recognize the same confusion that she had seen before in a young man who, without expecting much in turn, had freed her from the nightmare that had taken her life.
The water hadn't been this cold before. Now he was shivering, struggling with his own body, to climb and reach higher with numb fingers. Something jerked at his feet and he fell into the water, almost pulled all the way down.
, John planned to retort, but only looked at Sherlock, who was leaning against a wall in the entrance.
After Mrs. Hudson had left, Sherlock had spent a good few minutes arguing with his brother via text message to persuade him to change his mind. Unfortunately, John guessed that it was probably not possible. And so it was settled. Working at the clinic may turn out to be unnecessary, because these two would give him a job from dawn until late at night, maybe even the whole day. Three of them, if you counted Mycroft.
Dr. Watson barely kept his emotions in check and after composing himself he once again checked how Will was holding up.
He knew well how exile could hurt. Especially after what had happened to the former FBI agent.
Four hours fifty three minutes later it was all clear. While waiting for the results of analysis, he drank three bearable cups of coffee and got into an argument with Mycroft over text. He broke the encrypted file on Molly's computer to view other interesting deaths. He looked at the recently imported bodies in the morgue - two drownings, four car accidents and one suicide - nothing special. Boring. He gathered new material and reagents for his experiments at home, complementing what he would undoubtedly need in the near future. He began to get a little bored when the results of the analysis finally came; one of them required a long wait, but the result probably confirmed his suspicions regarding the identity of the killer.
Visits to the psychiatric hospital were not satisfactory. Neither for him nor for Will, who looked worse. He pointed to a clear change in the Graham's smell and he did not like it at all. Discretely reviewing Chilton's notes relating to the drugs administered to the former profiler, he began to think seriously about the kind of pickles which would give that colleague minimal taste.
A few people slid into the well, dressed in full diving gear and what looked like metal shears. It was as if the small, cramped space had closed in a little more, which only served to increase his anxiety.
The darkness made it difficult to understand where he was. It was also eerily quiet. The smell brought in few pleasant memories of his previous patrols, in which he participated as a physician and one of the best marksmen.
"You can't... out... I... okay..."
John was not surprised at this, there were many similar cases that did not require his presence. He knew that if needed, the detective would immediately summon him.
And because of this, and the fact that he had adequate resources, it fell to him to share this delightful undoubtedly obligation to take them out.
Hearing these words, Hannibal was honestly surprised. To his knowledge, Will was alone in the world, but he did not talk about his family much. This topic seemed to still be raw, still an oozing wound. With his own painful memories in this regard, Hannibal waited patiently. Now his curiosity was heightened and he decided to explore the mystery.
, had been spent in hell.
As far as the basement was concerned, of course, Mycroft had sent the entire crew to properly prepare it, but it was John who was managing their work, with minor corrections on Mrs. Hudson's side. The unfriendly, raw space was quickly adapted to a pretty neat and cosy apartment. He hoped Will would like it.
Dr. Lecter shook his head. If it were not so directly associated with his favourite empath, perhaps this situation would be amusing. Another very short article took a stand for the citizens of the potential threat to unimaginable proportions.
He had not slept for several dozen hours, a change of time zones in such a short time really gave him a hard time. And bloody Mycroft behaved as if nothing had happened.
"Your presence prevented an unpleasant international incident. Thank you, John."
"And yet, my dear brother, do not trust anyone else when it comes to me. Only you, John."
He had to work to become independent and stop being at the beck and call Holmes brothers.
"Yes, sir." Anthea replied with her usual mysterious smile, opening the door of one of several identical cars. John got in without a word and sat back. This time it was all the same to him it did not bother him that Mycroft's assistant ignored him, almost continuously working on her mobile. Although starting to relax, he could not calm his mind. He knew one thing: if he could get to sleep, he would have nightmares. The worst possible ones. And he wanted to avoid them at all costs. Unfortunately, he had run out of the legal preparation stimulants long ago, which sometimes proved to be invaluable during the service. It would have come in handy right about now. Very.
"John!"
It was a rainy and cold day. Mrs. Hudson didn't appear when she was needed. He missed John. Mycroft had kidnapped him two and a half days ago. Sure, it had to be a pretty important situation, he would not dare do that otherwise. Fortunately, he had a few new cases. Two customers had almost been immediately dismissed with things that were so commonplace that it had been solved the moment they entered, and he was rolling his eyes with disgust. The third investigation took him exactly three hours and twenty two minutes. A too complicated story of precious little caskets pushed him off the right course and he could not go any further. This item - according to his assumptions that were bordering almost with absolute certainty - was crucial for solving the murder of two people.
John opened his eyes, which had closed despite him resisting sleep. Did he actually fall asleep? What woke him?
He needed more data immediately.
"My brother's an idiot, although he has a huge opinion of himself. The mission was successful overseas?" The detective's fingers quickly coped with the resistant zipper jacket.
He felt worthless, as if he had failed Sherlock.
"John?!"
The last few days he had used the electronic version.
He forgot something.
Okay, wild dream. Impossible.
topics. Sherlock exceptionally did not press on and tried to fathom the strength of the case. He didn't even know what make him more restrained in that regard - the prospect of inevitably hurting his partner or his own fear and helplessness of the terrors he would be told.
Ms. Hudson looked embarrassed and nodded, slowly backing toward the door.
The detective's hand was between them. John wanted to say something, but all the words were lost in another kiss. Indeed, it could wait. He gasped, feeling Sherlock's long, clever fingers wrap around his member. Looking into his eyes, the detective started cautiously and slowly moving his hand as if it was an instrument. At the same time, he drank from John's lips a number of murmurs, sighs and soft moans of pleasure.
But he felt that John's somewhat surprising behaviour had a deeper meaning. He could not clearly and specifically state what, but it was obvious that the circumstances in which it was wounded, imprinted an indelible mark on his psyche.
"What? John?!" A note of panic appeared in the detective's voice. Quite a lot of panic, actually, but in these circumstances it was absolutely understandable. Quick, jerky breaths, accompanied by hurried footsteps, as if Sherlock was running. "I will find you. Do you hear me? I'll find you."
He reached for his notes from conversations with Will. A person who emerged from them intrigued him again, not as an object of research but an intelligent interlocutor and a wonderful, extremely devoted listener. Empathy in its purest form wasn't played here the first wings. Will made up his ignorance with intelligence and a desire to know. Hannibal remembered his hungry look when he had mentioned Italy, Florence. The paintings. The music. The architecture.
The FBI suspected him, but did not gain enough hard evidence of his guilt. He was too smart to let it happen. All clues lead the investigators to a completely different person. Some with planted, conclusive evidence as well. All that allowed him to safely get rid of excessive attention from the FBI.
John took a deep breath and finally asked:
He had to get used to neutral but satisfied rough guards and nurses who did not pay attention to whether they had caused him additional pain. And sometimes they simply enjoyed his suffering and tried to do everything to make him scream. And he could feel their rising anger as he endured the pain in silence.
About five in the morning, a servant brought Mycroft strong coffee. Although tea had always been his favourite drink, coffee now proved to be a godsend. Like Sherlock, Mycroft also trained his body to not lose too much time on unimportant matters, which included sleep among others.
As if the world was that wonderfully simple.
Everything hurt.
He couldn't to say how long he had been trapped, just that it was for far too long than desirable.
He did not want to create an unnecessary wall between them. That would arouse contempt from the first glance, and he very well knew it.
Then John realized how much he was needed. Although Sherlock's plan worked - forcing Smith to disclose his criminal intentions and catching that serial killer almost red-handed - it left much to be desired. If he knew what detective was really doing, maybe he could persuade him out of it once and for all. He had his own effective methods.
Well, Sherlock fortunately went for John Watson. Will Graham, in turn, was interested in someone very dangerous. One of the most dangerous and active serial killers terrorizing the East Coast of the United States.
He thought that with suitable motion with minimal effort, which would strongly jumble the bigger picture and give him time, he might disappear. With Will, of course.
He knew that first he did not have to convince only Will, but his new family. It was not going to be a simple matter, but definitely an interesting challenge.
"You've already begun to compare us. The good and the troubled. Of course, I'm the bad guy, a disgrace to the family..." the detective said idly, fingering the edge of the envelope lying on his lap. Something flashed in his eyes, but almost immediately disappeared like it was never there at all.
John's mouth barely rubbed against his manhood just to ensure that it was only the beginning. Touching his lips, the tip of his tongue against the sensitive skin was very pleasing to Sherlock's senses, and his throat broke out from time to time with a choked murmur as he lay with his eyes closed.
He was convinced that his effort would profit. The empath was known to quickly absorb knowledge. Maybe he would allow Hannibal to teach him Italian. French would not be no problem yet for someone who lived in Louisiana.
Maybe if he tried climbing up, he could get out of here. The water was now at his waist and kept rising.
He breathed in deeply. He did not even have the strength to protest when someone sat him on the bed, the seconds later on his knees was a bowl and he was vomiting, his body shaking uncontrollably. If not for someone's hands holding him firmly, he would have choked on his own vomit, rolling on the bed or on the floor.
Hannibal smiled, looking at the results displayed on the handheld screen. He chose one link and opened a very brief note in the electronic version of the London tabloid devoted to the mysterious, contingency landing of the government's aircraft. His eyes swept the text, in which the author had created quite a primitive conspiracy theory. It was nice to see a familiar face in photos. Unfortunately, the note focused on repeating the lie and draw the reader's attention to the potential danger.
When he closed it, the feeling of emptiness and loneliness returned and he was attacked by multiple forces. The swirling thoughts in his head gave him no peace, shouting over each other, trying to gain his attention. Then came the results of the overdue experiment. He received quite an intriguing message from Molly.
He narrowed his eyes, looking at the printed image of Hannibal Lecter that lay neatly on the pile of documents.
"Don't think, Sherlock. I will catch you."
But now he was confused. How he get here? He had walked in his dream? Like Will?
He did not know which was going to be worse.
It was probably considered as a sign of rebellion and the number of visitors quickly reduced to a handful. Chilton began several hours of torture, making a slow and agonizing vivisection of his mind and called it a therapy session. Will tried to fight the as viciously as he could. He was not going to admit it. He was not a killer. Sure, he had the mind of a criminal, but he was not one.
"Definitely. When you were away, I solved a couple of children's puzzles, but I could use an actual one, an eight or nine. I definitely won't be a ten," Sherlock said undeterred, searching through local news.
"No, not yet…"
"Sher..." he mumbled, trying to further reassure himself that he was not alone. He heard, or perhaps more
Falling asleep, he felt the slight prick of a syringe, but he retreated into his mind. There he could feel safe and nobody did not threaten him.
"Thank you, my dear. It's going to get very interesting."
John looked at him and couldn't believe his own ears.
He knew that Mycroft Holmes may not be as noticeable and direct, but was much more powerful than provocation on the part of Crawford, who committed one mistake after another, shoving inexperienced agents onto him. Like throwing a lamb to the lions.
Mrs. Hudson entered the apartment with morning tea. John had taken that day off, and Sherlock had probably closed his secret investigation. The mess she found did not surprise her, but she was intrigued by the silence. The upstairs apartment sizzled with the life and varied sounds of two grown-up men of strong temperaments. She got used to it and she had to confess to herself that it was going to be hard for her to live with this silence.
"Mycroft..." John looked at him and wanted to add that he could be of help, but instead stifled a yawn and closed his eyes. He had never been so tired. Looking around, he saw the elder Holmes' little mocking smile.
They possessed quite a large collection of various titles, and those which they did not have, they could easily get from Mycroft.
"Permanent and friendly, who can devote their time to him to the fullest. Who will not let him give up. In an environment that will not arouse in him more or less irrational fears." Mycroft recited with eyes closed. "I am well aware of that, Doctor. This is not the first time I have saved a person very close to me from similar situation."
"It was closer and far more comfortable than the couch. Anyway, after all, we do not have to sleep alone, right?"
He was not so gently pushed to the end of the couch, Sherlock kneeling between his spread legs. He moved his hands over his chest, abdomen and thighs, deliberately avoiding the demanding attention his penis needed. Behind the hands followed lips and a tongue. Delicate, electrifying brushes made John yearn for more. He needed more friction, but could not move his hips.
Sherlock Holmes sighed. Then he looked up from the kitchen table laden with equipment needed to carry out his current experiment, but a coloured post-it was stuck on a pile of papers on his right.
"We can always come back to it as soon as she leaves. Put your pants on."
In his unpleasant dreams he saw a deer with raven feathers. And when he did not sleep, the dull clatter of hooves were incredible, haunting him, still echoing in his ears. The deer walked slowly, majestically watching him from a distance, as if mocking him. Or perhaps taking pity on him.
"Will, you can go and see the apartment today. Sherlock would never admit it, but he is intrigued by you and wants to meet you," said Mycroft, enjoying the rare afternoon tea. "He wants to get you out of my influence. He was always the jealous and possessive one."
John really needed sleep, but something had happened during the trip. Not so bad as to evoke disturbing memories of his military service. But equally disturbing.
And now William Graham was joining them. Undoubtedly, that was to remain his name. If he indeed belonged to the family, and this in no way undermined, this young man was stubborn and proud.
"What's ridiculous, John?"
The unexplained case provided by Lestrade finally drew Sherlock in so much that he spent all his days in St. Bartholomew's lab, tirelessly examining the old evidence. What was strange is that he clearly did not want John's company and help.
Migraine? No.
Like it or not, he would never be free of them. He was complaining, but deep down he knew that he needed them as much as they needed him.
The journey home was tiring, but Will had had a seizure and John could divert attention away from the intrusive thoughts. He turned his attention to his patient, who in this moment seemed to be absent in spirit, or maybe just trying to figure out what was going on, listening and observing the surroundings without attracting attention.
He turned on his heel without interrupting. Concerto number five in A Major by Mozart seemed the obvious next choice. John did not like classical music, but liked a few composers. Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart was one of his favourite.
He sipped his tea, not taking his eyes from his partner. John covered the cup with both hands, absorbing heat. He was absolutely absent in spirit, mind straying far away, probably with no comfort in their memories. The inability of conscious communication with him extremely frustrated Sherlock. On the other hand, he had a rare opportunity to look at him as it was, reminiscent of his descent into his mind palace.
John almost thought the muffled voice in his ear was merely a hallucination. He didn't understand why the communicator wasn't removed, but was also immensely grateful for it. Maybe they thought that he would not have time or reason to use it, or simply didn't bother checking.
Damn Sherlock Holmes.
At least he knew how to effectively harness his rage and transform his passion into something that did not turn into handcuffs and fighting, and something that was much more pleasant for the both of them.
He was not late for the conference, but even if he was, he would not have missed much. The lingering welcome speech was definitely too long, though coffee and snacks were provided.
filled with participants at the conference, he sensed someone else, this time an inconspicuous woman who was sitting nearby and playing her role well. Undoubtedly, she had a psychologist's degree among other valuable qualifications of a special agent.
Indeed, disputes were a mistake, leading to a former agent being embedded in the resort Chilton. Now he saw it and sincerely repented. Sooner or later, Frederick would pay dearly for his transgressions and omissions. But now wasn't the time. For now, he would let him enjoy his popularity and fame. Let the idiotic guest programs, pathetically preen about Will as a strange natural phenomenon.
"In the bedroom." The detective did not look up, tapping lightly on his keyboard. Then let out a painful groan.
One look at him was enough to make such a statement.
John knew that it was part of Sherlock's foreplay, but if he wasn't going to let John do what he needed to, someone was going to die tonight.
Mycroft's face was stoic as usual, but John had stayed too long with his brother to not see and understand certain things.
Completing a phase of his experiment and not cleaning the kitchen, he threw on his coat and wrapped his scarf around his neck. He slipped his phone into his pocket after checking whether it had enough power for at least a few hours of work.
He shook himself from his thoughts and blinked. Mycroft's eyes met his. The look was cool, and although slightly less calculative than usual, it was still impenetrable. He maintained eye contact, though he sincerely just wanted to hide in a hole. He knew Mycroft had probably learned about his past. If not, the better.
"You just need a case." The detective got up again and took his laptop which lay on the desk.
He wondered why somebody brought him here, providing him luxuries, about which he had never even dreamed of in recent times and not having to worry that Hannibal Lecter soon coming to the door. Even before all of this, Hannibal spoke of longing to go to Europe. He could not remember exactly in what context, but clearly the psychiatrist, and at the same time the serial killer, wanted to leave America. Even then.
It was morning a few hours later, hours which passed far too quickly. In two more hours a man in a clad suit brought a sealed envelope. Mycroft didn't open it, just put it on the bedside table. Of course, that tempted him. He had an overwhelming desire to protect his younger siblings, to gather as much information about their different environments, to eliminate any possible threat was eating him up from the inside, but there were certain things that even he could not stop.
Over the sound of the water, he heard the cover above him being dragged away and the streak of light that filtered into the well nearly blinded him.
"Dear brother, traveling across the ocean is definitely not for you, because your IQ drops drastically." Sherlock countered with a nasty smile. "Two cases. How is Will? Still requires constant care?"
Now he reckoned with the fact that his self-control would be tested repeatedly and subjected to various tests. As a psychiatrist, he was ready for it.
Cool water, the calming rustle of trees and the warmth of the sun. In the distance he saw a stag with raven feathers, but this time it seemed that the amazing animal was watching over him and keeping him safe.
"Don't fall asleep and don't talk nonsense. You know how I hate that. Don't move, John."
Water. Cool, slightly effervescent, wonderfully sweet and at the same time neutral in flavour.
John pulled Sherlock into another kiss. This was one aspect of being with someone you never had enough of. He loved to study his partner's body with sense of touch. To irritate and caress with his palms, his fingers, his whole body. From what he could see, it wasn't just him. They could not peel themselves away from each other. Perhaps it was related to the fact that-
The chairman caught him in the crowd and smiled. They did not know each other personally, but they respected each other through their publications. Hannibal slightly inclined his head, planning a conversation and perhaps a dinner invitation after the inauguration. He would have enough time to know what place to choose.
"I do not think that's a good idea..."
"Boys? Am I interrupting?"
John gave his friend a look that betrayed his surprise and incomprehension.
Someone's arms wrapped around him and his cheek touched the cool wet material. It wasn't an illusion. It wasn't a hallucination.
An hour later, he learned that Will Graham had left the hospital for the mentally ill and dangerous criminals. This news electrified Doctor Lecter. Escape was not an option. He skilfully questioned Frederick Chilton who confessed to him that the agent definitely left the hospital and was taken by a very influential relative.
Damned chains!
Cold. Smelly. Damp.
His queasy stomach made a painful turn and he groaned loudly, trying unsuccessfully to stop the nausea.
"My turn."
Mycroft?
"Confirmed, sir. He booked a one way ticket. We are looking at several residences across the country, where the new residents recently started to move in. We suspect him coming around London, but we'll check everything just in case."
"Soon you'll live with someone else."
He could almost hear Sherlock murmuring something like:
Will Graham's empathy was still surprising. He had expected something else. Surely rage, anger. He had yet to experience direct aggression from the former agent, but he might still live to see this.
What happened? Where was he now? Did he pull the trigger?
In turn, he reacted with greater patience to the irritating, irrelevant questions of Mrs. Hudson and Lestrade.
"You are angry and worried. Unnecessarily," the detective said, laying back on the couch. "We can always threaten Mycroft. And leave Will under his loving care. Mycroft should know…"
Holding a stone wall, he raised himself as far as he could with a chain attached to his legs. It was not much, but it was something. A surface of water was slightly below the chest now, but inexorably rising. At least he gained time, or extended his agony. It depends on how you look at it.
Mycroft Holmes, the oldest, most influential of his half-brothers, was a very interesting man. Cool, elegant and emotionally composed, he was so like Hannibal, but not quite.
Will looked at his interlocutor, surprised. He didn't think he would get his life back so quickly. No. He was going to begin new chapter with his family. Until now, he didn't understand how this had happened, but he didn't question Mycroft Holmes' incoherent story and DNA research findings.
He fell on the bed and looked at the detective, the corners of the Sherlock's lips floating up into a gentle smile.
"John! Don't scare me like that. Ever again!"
Perhaps it had been his goal from the beginning? To build a thick wall around Will's mind, his thoughts, until no one but Hannibal could get to him.
If only he could turn back time and push certain situations in a different direction.
It was definitely something more. She was a good spirit, with her radiant smile and infinite, angelic patience. She grumbled and grumbled, seeing various body parts stored in their fridge and an eternal mess, but John noticed her warm, anxious eyes when she looked at them. She stood by him when everyone else pointed at him, when they turned away from him because they could not stand his behaviour, when he built a thick wall around himself. She didn't allow him to become a wild and antisocial creature, when self-destructive thoughts pushed him to the limit.
Sherlock was saying something, but the John's mind suddenly couldn't comprehend words, only the timbre of Sherlock's voice.
The detective could not find any words that would be appropriate. Instead, he reached for his violin and, standing in his usual place, began to play. Nothing spectacular, he did not focus on a particular song, or rather soothing, somewhat wistful melodies, which often helped to calm John's nerves. He started with Tchaikovsky's Serenade, playing slightly different phrases, repeating them and cutting off in order to achieve the desired goal.
Is this how Sherlock felt when he asked him for help?
Sherlock smiled at his thoughts. Passion and desire did not fit in rational terms, but surprisingly did not slow down his thought process.
After a short talk with Jack he was even more curious, but from the mouth of the rabid bureau chief accidentally fell out the name Holmes.
John grimaced, sensing that nothing was going to happen this evening, neither easily nor pleasantly. He had to provoke some discussion before Sherlock himself found out about the reason for his unusual behaviour. So far nothing sowed that the detective had something to say, but then again they did not see each other very often. On the other hand, it was never possible to be sure. It appeared that Sherlock often followed him unnoticed. Most of John's free time was used to prepare the basement for use, which allowed him to not think about the rest. He worked at the clinic, and also helped Mrs. Hudson as usual.
He sighed heavily, dropping into his chair.
experimenting with hard drugs. Traditional and his own compositions, these drugs were made to stimulate the mind to work faster and process large amounts of data.
Silence. Darkness. The fear is gone, nothing counts.
Sherlock had a certain sense of humour, even for the Holmes, he had to admit.
At some point he felt a touch and movement.
The detective read this short note for the second time, and his eyes narrowed.
idiot who would do anything to prove his point. And at that moment, to rescue his life. Once again.
He had to still check and test to see if it did help to accelerate it somehow.
Graham forced himself to not to withdraw into his mind weakened by recent events, although he felt the need to. He had to be fully aware of how much he would be given. He did not know who these people were, and even if they helped him now, he did not really want to believe that they were doing this simply out of the goodness of their heart. Something was lurking behind their exterior motives. He was convinced of this, not excluding the fact that Hannibal would not like losing his favourite source of entertainment.
"I know," Sherlock replied, busy recording John's reactions to his touch. "I want to check something."
Mrs. Hudson was not in as usual, and it was far too early to be on a date with her suitor, so she was out probably playing bridge with her friends. Indeed, after all, it was a Thursday.
"Lestrade promised you a couple of days ago that he was going to bring you an old serial murderer case. The cold case from the police archive. He had said they needed your help, didn't he?"
He leaned back and exhaled. He was tired, confused and angry, and he wanted out. He tried in vain to call for help, but no one heard him. He, in turn, realized that he was in an uncomfortably confined space with a rather high roof. He felt rough stone structure under his fingers.
"Busy with torture? - SH"
In contrast, John... Military training according to his incomplete knowledge - he was never specifically interested - did not cover this.
"I'm coming down to get you!"
Sherlock looked toward the door, hearing the soft footsteps. Bare feet. John, who looked even worse. Limping, he was wearing only pyjama bottoms and a too big dressing-gown belonging to the detective. He was wrapped in it, as if trying to fend off any danger. A few minutes earlier, he had to splash face with water - water droplets still glistened on his hairline, but it did not help wash away the remnants of his nightmare. He was still pretty deep in it, if you could judge by his uneven breath, accelerated heart rate and goosebumps on his arms and neck. Thus significantly serious.
As it reiterated its listeners in Quantico, ignorance is bliss, but a curse at the same time.
Without a word, Sherlock took him in his arms and moved to the bedroom. John weighed a lot, but this time Sherlock could not, didn't want to, let John out of his arms. Giggling like little boys, they finally fell onto their bed. They rubbed their bodies together, turning over on the sheets and kissing.
"Of course I know who you are, my dear boy. I have waited a long time to see you. You see, some people think that I do not see what they are trying - unsuccessfully - to hide from me. But enough about that. Close your eyes and sleep. Sleep is the best cure for you. Nightmares cannot reach you here, William." The smile finally reached her eyes and Will's eyes quickly swept her face. She seemed really familiar, but could not place it. No one but Hannibal had said his full name with such tenderness. Not even his father. Nor did he know why her touch, barely brushing, didn't awaken in him an instinctive desire to escape. "There will be time to talk later. Sleep, my child."
"Oh, John."
He thought that he had already accepted his fate, but saying those words to Sherlock still hurt, so much that he was unable to continue. He lifted his head, and saw a familiar silhouette leaning some two or three meters above him.
The door creaked open slightly and he heard the muffled sound of footsteps approaching the bed. The woman, judging by her way of walking.
The woman smiled gently, watching him. She brushed the unruly strands of hair damp with sweat from Will's forehead, then put the glass of water on the nightstand. She seemed to be refraining from something. She was warm, her delicate, strong fingers brushing his cheek.
Mycroft was not even surprised how the detective knew the name. Probably again, protection against hacker intrusion would need to be strengthened. On the other hand, the best team of computer scientists did not protest too much last time, just got to work when Sherlock passed high class barriers almost unnoticed and gained interesting secret information.
Involuntarily rubbed his arm, but it did not have the right to hurt him so much. He did not interrupt, he could not stop. Emotions and pain restrained and held in silence for years, now broke the dam. This wasn't a fictional heroic story, because the heroes in movies rarely feel dread and despair, that closing their eyes, they might not open again. They do not beg for a miracle, trying to fool themselves. That everything would be alright, that someone would come for them. Snatch them from the jaws of death.
With some difficulty he found the needed dishes in the kitchen, and eventually returned with a hot drink. John did not move when he was getting tea. He sat staring at the glowing fireplace. Mrs. Hudson had again forgotten to throw in more...
The woman smiled, blushing slightly. Sherlock's voice did not indicate any irritation. Rather, he was amused. She waved at a handful of various substances scattered across the kitchen counters and left the apartment, quietly closing the door behind her.
"It's too dark! Some old well or basement tank! Hurry, please! Get me out!"
She had seen how much it cost him. She was not Sherlock Holmes' landlady for nothing. Her boys were in some respects as readable as an open book. They could have fooled themselves, but not her.
Will sat on his bunk, listening to this surprising conversation, looking at the sink. Without taking his eyes from it, he forced his mind to grasp the extraordinary situation. Someone wanted to free him from this hell. Someone who does not go into discussions with Jack and wasn't in any way awed by his explosive, dominant personality. Someone who ignored the biting and little professional attention Chilton represented, who hit error after error in his method of treatment of his patients and the security procedures and regulations against escaping, or protecting patients against possible aggression of staff, not to mention highly unprofessional behaviour of the guards and nurses to their dangerous charges.
Who had put him here and why? It didn't make any sense! Yet he knew they were real, because he felt their pull every time he tried - and failed - to reach a little higher.
He tilted his head slightly, leaning against the wall. The water had reached his chin. He had no idea whether his numb hand was still gripping the wall, whether the terrible moment had come where literally only a few centimetres was all that kept him from death.
Was it the euphoria of his victory over Jack? Cruelty? Or maybe he just didn't want to see it, because it was safer and better for the both of them.
Something stung him in the neck. He guessed that it was a hypnotic drug again. Which one, then, of the many he'd been given the last few hours? He heard Sherlock's voice faltering as he counted down the seconds to the shot. The fast-acting sedative ingredient caused him an unbearable feeling of unrealistic bliss. He fought to stay awake, but had no strength.
At that moment she heard a snort.
He nodded, murmuring a thanks and farewell.
He poured a drink into a glass and sat down beside the lit fireplace, fantasizing about Will Graham's last moments.
He did not bother with this too. He just had to wait for John to come back before getting information. Even Mycroft was not going to stop him from finding out.
He wasn't going to close his eyes. He wasn't. But he was too tired to struggle to keep his head above the surface. He couldn't afford to let go, the water level was too high. He had to reassure himself every moment that his hand grasped the stony wall.
They thought he was posing a threat. On the contrary - he was trying to prevent it.
Ridiculous.
"There's nothing! There's absolutely nothing! Is it so hard to commit a crime in an interesting way? Even murderers are starting to be boring."
The next moment was so surreal that it could not really have happened.
He had seen too much death in Afghanistan. The violent deaths, among the bullets, fire and blood, and the quieter deaths, on the white hospital beds due to complications or aid that came just a little too late. Every one of them had been terrible.
John paused, hearing these words.
"What has my idiotic brother done this time? What does he have to do with..." The detective looked deep into Mrs Hudson's eyes, and after a moment gasped. "I'm going to murder him."
A testament to how difficult John's past was were the numerous scars on the body, which were, for John, a kind of taboo. He avoided talking about them, or simply distracted the detective on
Too much depended on him.
Perhaps Hannibal should think about how fast and remaining unnoticed by the FBI, pull out William of this cage. He had made a huge mistake and now he should fix it as soon as possible. He started doing this by giving Crawford something he so fiercely sought. He was absolutely sure that it was enough to catch the growing interest of the Federal Bureau of Investigation and redirect somewhere away from his career, wealth and possible links to the Chesapeake Ripper.
"John?! Where… you?"
A bored Sherlock Holmes did not allow anyone else to be bored.
The evening in the company of Professor McCarthy and some of his co-workers passed surprisingly well. The older man was a charming and extremely well educated interlocutor.
John shook his head and gave him a disapproving look, which had no major effect - as per usual in such moments the genius seemed to have ignored him completely.
Hannibal smiled at his thoughts. He had managed to gather some information and although he did not really like the prospect of lack of contact with Will, on the other hand, he was sure that this time he was in the best possible care.
Well, he understood that feeling. His concern for Will also made him feel similar emotions. He realized that his recent actions against the empath could put him in very unfavourable light. Unfortunately, this might make it unfavourable for him to go alone. At first he wanted to take Chilton with him, but the time of his disappearance could only bring some complications, so he decided to do things differently - let Mycroft Holmes make him pay. Perhaps that could be acceptable as a welcome gift and he would consider it a gesture of goodwill.
"I wasn't sleepwalking, right?"
It was ridiculous, he snorted at his stubborn mind. What utter nonsense!
He breathed in deeply, listening for a moment. Slowly, he opened his eyes, trying to make his awakening go unnoticed. One of the things he had learned at that damned psychiatric hospital. There, his every move was tracked by the camera, although sometimes the guards were also trouble, especially when Chilton was bored watching the patients being subdued by the drugs. He liked to move them with
Ah, Sherlock and his
He asked for another cup of coffee and looked at the draft documents that required demanding yet gentle grinding before they were approved by Her Majesty. And it was clear that she probably would want to talk to him not only about this during the weekly audience.
John snorted and managed a last brief kiss before Sherlock stood up with an unreadable expression on his face.
, he smiled to his thoughts
He had a pretty high pain threshold and through appropriate training - kindness on the part of Mycroft and one of his agents - could survive brutal interrogation a few times. He closed those memories in the distant wing of his mind palace. Involuntarily he shuddered at the thought of visiting them. Often enough, they haunted him in his sleep.
"Sherlock!" He shouted, lifting his head, trying to be heard over the noise of the water. "Damn it! Sherlock!"
"It's late enough to go to sleep."
Louder bits of spoken words reached his ears, but he did not pay special attention to it. He focused on getting where they wanted him to go. He walked slowly, every now and then hearing a reminder, a rough command. The guards and nurse around him were effectively depriving him of the opportunity to get support from anyone.
He felt faint, vaguely remembering what had happened the last few days. For now, he preferred not to dispel that fog.
He doubted that he could reconcile with the responsibilities the clinic brought, while running with Sherlock around London and taking care of him, whose time, for the last weeks,
"Clothes," a male voice demanded, and after a few moments in the hands of the prisoner were neatly folded clothing. Soft and very different from the dress which he now wore. A pair of shoes were on the floor. "Change your clothes."
Will sighed. He did not have the strength to think about Hannibal and his undoubtedly dangerous intentions.
"I do not think it's necessary, Agent Crawford. I'm taking him. From now on I decide about his possible further treatment. Please open the cell."
With a mischievous facial expression, the detective again licked the head from the tip, sucking it briefly. He looked up, watching his partner who was letting out an inaudible string of expletives.
"Then go. I'm not stopping you."
"Sometimes you're more stubborn than that oaf Mycroft." Sherlock went smoothly in a different melodic line. His own composition, still imperfect and incomplete, but was often played, improving this and that. In a striking way it affected John, with much better results than the works of the great masters. Especially after his return.
There were groans and cries and moans and they bit on salty skin and kissed, and kissed, and kissed. Sherlock moved faster. Embracing John close, he bit him in the hollow between his shoulder and neck.
Sherlock was silent, absorbing every word whispered. In his mind, he had already created a picture of the situation and immediately he wanted to erase what he saw.
John wanted to go back to Baker Street, eat something, drink something warm, and crawl into bed. He was completely exhausted, both physically and mentally. But he could not do that, at least not at the moment.
"It's just, you know. I've never, never-" John was cut off as Sherlock finished his sentence.
"Then you are bisexual." Sherlock turned his face to John's and kissed him on the temple. "So you go tell the nosy pricks that you are not gay, but bisexual. I don't really care, as long as you come and join me in bed." Sherlock then climbed into the sheets with John following. Sherlock's hands slowly slid up and down his body in a teasing manner. John didn't hesitate so much after that.
It was late at night and both were leaned against the wall of Sherlock's bedroom. Their breathing was heavy in between the heated kisses and needy embraces. Sherlock slid his hand underneath John's jumper, caressing his chest. Skin. He wanted skin, contact. John sighed in pleasure and kissed a trail down Sherlock's lips to his sharp jawline, settling near his neck and sucking on the tender skin. Sherlock sucked in a breath, his grip on John's waist tightening fervently. Just as their clothes were being tossed to the floor carelessly, John stopped. His face was flushed and his body prickled with sweat. This was all going so fast, only this morning did they confess their feelings towards each other.
“Alright then. You know you can talk to me if there’s any problems.” Lestrade headed towards the door of the bathroom.
"Ahh!" Sherlock said, standing quickly. His face was comically flushed, although that can be blamed on both the alchohol and the birthday spanking. The rest laughed heartily and continued with their drinks for the rest of the night.
It was like allowing a child a small bite of cake, then roughly ripping it away, laughing and saying “Haha, but you can’t have all of it.”
As he reentered the kitchen, John pulled out a chair and placed it in the center of the room. He seated himself down in it and crossed his arms as he met Sherlock's eyes.
Sherlock lay over John's lap for a while, struggling to stop his tears from falling. John simply soothed him with quiet encouraging words as he rubbed his back and shoulders. He eventually stood, his pale complexion blotchy and his eyes red. John's expression softened and he embraced him.
Sherlock shoved John’s hand away with a gruffness John hadn't seen before and pushed open the door, allowing the wintry air inside.
"William Sherlock Scott Holmes!" Strangely enough, Sherlock didn't remember telling Mrs Hudson his full name.
John propped his head up with his fist, only to have it fall back down again. Damn, was he tired. Still, something was niggling him in the back of his mind, and he was struggling to remember. Finally, Sherlock's words from last night had reappeared in his memory.
“Sherlock, we really need to talk.” John prefaced, motioning for Sherlock to sit in his own chair.
John sighed dejectedly, following Sherlock outside. “Sherlock!”
Sherlock's eyes immediately softened in sympathy, wrapping his arms around John as if it could make the bad memories go away. He hadn't quite expected this.
"Good lad." He said before ducking underneath the sink to look for some sponges. All he found were some raggedy ones, but they would have to do.
"Yes." Sherlock said, his eyes still firmly trained on the floor.
"Can we stop for a second?" John said, backing away. He rubbed at his eyes with his palms. Sherlock looked a bit disappointed
"Hooow, how could I forget. C'mon Lock." John called out from across the room, sitting in his chair.
Lestrade decided to leave John alone and go find Sherlock. He scanned the room and out of the corner of his eye he saw Sherlock walking towards the men’s room briskly. With a shrug, he followed him in.
Sherlock opened his mouth, but no sound came out. His throat felt tight and sore.
John rubbed at his eyes with the palms of his hands, sighing roughly. “You could have been killed! So close, so fucking close.” John groaned, pacing around the small room. “I mean, what the hell were you thinking? Why didn’t you stop to look both ways, like they teach in bleeding primary school?”
Still, Sherlock felt pleased with how much John smiled after the big rush of finishing a case. He liked to make John smile, especially when he was proud.
"I don't think you understand. I promised Sherlock I'd not abandon him. I know countless others have." John spoke with a strong will in his voice. He was not going to be moved on this.
(See the end of the chapter for
Now they were all laughing until their sides hurt because of some asinine joke Lestrade made. The alcohol always made stupidity suddenly the funniest thing they've ever heard.
Weeks later, John found the melted and sticky cake inside the oven. He sighed exasperatedly and searched for the cleaning supplies. Sherlock and alcohol were not a good combination.
"J-John..." Sherlock attempted, his voice cracked and hoarse. His breathing quickened.
"Course, I'll have to test him out first. Fuck him raw and hand him to Jim. Boss'll use him up for a few years and then sell him to some rich man with some...illegal fetishes." He continued, his raspy cigarette voice grating on Sherlock's ears.
“Holy shit, that’s amazing. Makes you a hero!” She gushed, leaning closer against her side of ten counter. Her oval face was nearly touching John’s “What’s your name, so I can remember when I’m listening to the news?”
Lestrade snorted and covered his mouth as he laughed, while Molly bit her lip and fought to stay quiet.
Sherlock was sitting on the hard floor and looked up when he heard John entering. His face and hands were smeared with dark blood.
The doctor turned, hoping he knew what this was about. “Yes?”
They had been on the case for the better part of three days. John had watched as his sub had grown more short tempered. It had only been John's pointed look that had curbed Sherlock’s vitriol so far and John knew that wouldn’t keep working forever. That’s why he had come to the Yard prepared. It was a good thing he had.
The sub smiled. “Bit of trouble too, I bet.”
The mood shifted immediately and the doctor jerked his hand away as he turned to face the detective full on. “Do I think...” He looked away and out the window, his left hand fisting. He took several deep breaths, then looked back at Sherlock. His next words were barely more than a whisper. “You’re asking me if I think she misses being an...” He glanced at the cabbie to be sure he wasn’t listening, “assassin.”
"I hope so," Sherlock whispered back. He shouldn't be feeling this way, slightly let down. He reminded himself again that he'd still have John and John was almost, almost everything to him. Their little family meant everything else, of course. A single, absurd, pointless little tear slid from the corner of his eye.
“I want-“
"Shot in the dark. Good one, though. Power connection: tiny little scuff marks around the edge of it. Every night he goes to plug it in to charge but his hands are shaking. You never see those marks on a sober man’s phone; never see a drunk’s without them.” Sherlock handed the mobile back. “There you go.” He bit his lip, used to the negative reaction he usually got from both subs and Doms alike.
“The signs in her flat all pointed to a female killer.” Sherlock rounded on his Dom, glaring. “The world is full of idiocy. Don’t add more to it, John.”
"John! John Watson!"
After 30 minutes, John shook his head, disappointed. He leaned in close to Sherlock and gripped the end of the block of soap. “You accused me of breaking our contract, of interfering with the Work. That is something I will never, never do. If anything, I grounded you so you could think better. Now open.”
John ran his fingers from Sherlock’s nape down along his spine, fingernails scraping as they went. When he got to his boy's arse, he spread his cheeks. He blew over his hole and watched the muscles contract. A few moments later, he had inserted a well-lubed finger.
“What are you saying. That we won’t be enough? That she’ll end up leaving us?”
At that, the doctor breathed a sigh of relief. He stood, picked up the box of cold case files and gestured for Sherlock to proceed him. Once they were in the car, he began to relax. At least the detective couldn't pull a runner, not until they reached the flat anyway, and he doubted he would try it at that point. The flat meant home and safety. Sherlock had become predictable in that. It made John sad to think it.
Several blows on and John knew his sub's arse had to be aching something fierce. It was bright red and with each strike, Sherlock’s feet kicked out at the floor. Not to mention the fact the Dom's hand was screaming unpleasantly itself. Still, his sub counted dutifully through his tears.
“No, it’s not. What I said... I never... I know you would never hurt me like that.” His voice broke on the last word and he brought his hand up to cover his eyes. “You’re the only good thing I have right now and I said such a horrible thing, then you left and it was my fault so I did something so, so stupid. But please,” Sherlock’s hand shook where it covered his eyes, “please don’t go. I won’t do it again. I won’t.” He doubled over, his chest pressed to his knees as he began shaking with sobs.
“Sherlock, I need you to try again,” the psychiatrist urged.
Sherlock, still staring at it, apologised. “I’m sorry, sir. I should have trusted you. You’re an excellent Dom and know what you’re doing.” He blushed. “We might still be back at the Yard if not for what you did. You calmed my mind, sir. And that proves you’re anything but an idiot,” he said, risking a small smile for John's benefit.
“Sentiment,” Sherlock said with mock scorn.
Sherlock’s legs fell wider apart and he tilted his hips up. John slid his fingers further back until they encountered the puckered entrance of Sherlock’s hole. He ran his fingers in small circles around it, pressing inward until both of them were sucked in, then he spread them gently, scissoring them in place and turning them until he felt the muscles relax around them.
“What do you want at this hour, brother mine?” the government official asked.
Surprised, Sherlock looked at John who seemed just as surprised as he was. The two of them got up and left, stopping long enough to schedule the detective’s next appointment.
You burst into my life, the most unusual of men.
"That's... thank you," John said, his voice thick. "That means more to me than you'll ever know." He wanted to hug Sherlock to him tightly and not let go, but that was the absolute worst idea ever. Instead, he reached for the remote. "I'm in the mood for some crap telly if you are." It was something they could share with relative safety as long as they avoided anything triggering. They stuck mostly to documentaries, gameshows and things they had already watched a dozed times. The later category was John's favourite as the detective never failed to come up with new scathing observations no matter how many times they had watched a programme.
“I'm bored,” came the inevitable complaint. “We’ve been lying here absolutely forever.” Sherlock shifted yet again, trying to roll John off of him.
When they broke apart, Sherlock wiped tears from his eyes with a fierce motion, then he went and sat in his chair, folding his knees against his chest. He felt wrung out by the day's events.
"I'd like to see you try," Sherlock said, drawing himself to his full height.
That surprised Sherlock. "You anticipate it with pleasure?"
I love every naughty little thing about you.
Downstairs, Sherlock had picked up his tea and was holding it. He let his eyes fall shut and tried to convince himself he had made the right decision. John seemed pleased enough, but he was still uncertain. The detective's eyes flew open. What had he got himself into? He'd have to talk to whomever John had chosen. His hands started shaking so badly at the idea that he had to set his tea down on the coffee table to keep from spilling it.
The detective paused, then nodded. Without another word, he headed to the bathroom. Once there, he stripped off his ruined clothes. He would bin them later.
Your hair is kissable as is your nape, your shoulders, your back, your arse.
I face each day with you with enthusiasm.
Much later, Greg had called it a day and had headed home. When he stepped out of the Yard, he spotted the black sedan waiting for him. He smiled and headed towards it, not entirely surprised by its presence. Climbing in, he greeted his Dom, “Hello, sir.”
“I want you to think about me whilst you're out today.”
John started to say something, but Doctor Dieter beat him to it. “Consider this possibility. Perhaps you're sabotaging yourself, Sherlock. You’re trying too hard to make everything normal. Stop trying so hard. What the two of you did last night was good if it worked.”
Sherlock began thrusting into him, panting. It felt so good. It felt like it should. It felt like love. When he came, it was with John's name on his lips. His vision whited out and his body shook with pleasure, then he collapsed on top of John.
When they arrived at the Yard, Sherlock climbed out of the cab, leaving John to pay the cabbie. Together they entered the building and headed to Lestrade's floor. As they crossed the bullpen, Donovan stepped in their way, cutting them off. She looked the detective up and down, noting his limp and marked pallor. "What happened to you, freak? We haven't seen you for a while. I remember our last drugs bust. You got the crap beat out of you." She smiled cruelly. "You finally got what you had coming."
She found him stretched out on the sofa reading a book. Upon closer inspection, Mary found it to be What to Expect When You’re Expecting. She giggled, causing him to startle. “You can’t tell me that’s so interesting you didn’t hear me coming up the stairs,” she said as she breezed by him and into the kitchen.
Eventually, the detective quieted and a few moments later, he sat back up, leaning heavily against the headboard. His face was pale and splotchy from where he had been crying. “I'll be alright now. You don’t have to watch over me,” he said, his voice roughened from his tears. He would be, for a given value of alright. He wouldn’t get anymore sleep tonight and he doubted he’d be able to vanish the vision of the ginger haired man entirely, but John didn’t seem to be planning on leaving permanently, so he would survive. That’s what it was about at this point, wasn’t it? Survival.
You arouse me in so many ways, not merely physical. You arouse my intellect, my curiosity, my passion for life.
Sherlock glanced at John who had his hands in the same position as the other two men. His friend nodded at him encouragingly. The detective tried to take a deep breath, but it felt as though he couldn't get enough air and only the hand on his chest moved. He tried a few more times, then drew his knees up to his chin. “This is pointless!”
Well, we've reached the end. I hope it's not too abrupt, but it's where my muse led me. In truth, this fic is the type that could go on forever, but it's time for me to tell it goodbye. I hope you have enjoyed it.
“Good,” Mary replied. “Send me the CCTV footage of the abduction, then find out who sent that email.”
“Don’t worry. I don’t think there's much chance of that.” John went back to work, drawing another cry from Sherlock's lips. When the detective came, John swallowed, not spilling a drop.
I kiss your flushed cheek. You moan. I call you my love. You close your eyes. I call your name. You shake your head.
Pouting a bit, the sub nodded. “I’ll be good sir. I promise.”
"The name’s Sherlock Holmes, and the address is two two one B Baker Street. Afternoon."
John started to wake Sherlock from his nightmare, but stopped. His friend was clearly distressed, but he wasn’t crying out or thrashing about as much as normal. Maybe he would slip out of the nightmare on his own. He waited a few moments, then his heart skipped a beat when the detective started talking in his sleep.
John waited until Sherlock’s cock had lost it’s purple colour, then started again. He kept it up until his boy was a writhing, panting mess, then he stopped again.
Soon, the detective had him gasping. John bit his lip to keep from crying out in pleasure. At least he wasn’t hooked up to monitors that would give away their activities. Sherlock kept up his work until John came with a small, quiet cry.
Being with you is exciting, amazing, and, yes, wonderful.
The doctor's tone was firm and Sherlock knew there would be consequences if he disobeyed. “Yes, sir.” He nudged his Dom's hand with the side of his head.
“Don't give me an answer now. Think about it.”
I am grateful for your transport. It holds within it everything that makes you you.
With his newly-found purpose, Sherlock made his way down the long hall, ignoring the distractions around him. He followed the repeated call of ‘William,’ taking turn after turn until he arrived outside a door. It was innocent-looking, but he knew that what lay beyond was anything but.
The former assassin smiled at him. “It doesn’t feel like anything, right now, except for an unhappy stomach in the mornings. It’s far to early for me to be feeling any different.”
I am delighted to be caught in your spell, helpless to break free. I am completely yours.
“Do you really want to remember,” John asked. It seemed like it would be better to leave those memories locked away.
“Good. Good.” John chewed on his lip. “There is one thing... I’d like to add that you won’t go haring off into dangerous situations without letting someone know where you’re going, just a text if nothing else. And I’d like you to take me with you if at all possible. Would you be amenable to adding that to the contract?”
“I didn’t mean to.”
“Yes.” Sherlock breathed in a small gasp when John's fingers touch the buttons of his shirt. His eyes fluttered closed at the contact.
The older Holmes paused, nodded over his shoulder, and then left the flat.
Mary stared at an email that had come to her phone. She had already read it twice and now had it memorised. Still, it held her attention. There was a photo embedded in the email along with a name and address. That wasn't what kept drawing her eyes. Instead, she was focused in the clear threat to John and Sherlock: if she didn’t kill the man in the photo, they would die.
Have I told you how yummy you are?
The detective frowned as he concentrated. “My right hand,” he said, indicating the hand on his chest.
I have finally completed this fic. Yay!
Sherlock swallowed thickly. "I don't think I can do that, not until I know for sure one way or the other."
“I should think so.” John ran his hand down from his nipple to his cock and grasped it. He gave it a slow stroke, letting out a theatrical moan of pleasure. “I had planned to put my cock inside you and fuck you through the mattress, boy. I would have made you scream my name.” He stroked it again, running his thumb over the slit. “Of course, I would have made you beg for it first. You would have liked that, wouldn’t you, pet?”
John shook his head. “I don’t know.” He heaved a breath. “You shouldn't have to go through something like this again.”
The detective rolled onto his side, facing John. “It’s your job to keep me entertained.”
“I’m sorry the case wasn’t what you had hoped for,” Mary said, standing and leaving Rosie to play by herself. She kissed John, before sitting next to Sherlock. “But maybe I can take both your minds off of it for a bit.”
The detective woke up screaming into the night, terrified.
I want to lavish you with affection the likes of which you have never known.
The sub pouted a bit, then relented. “Good morning, John.” He couldn't help but smile. John looked adorable, all dishevelled from sleep. Yes, he decided, adorable was the right word, even for a Dom.
“John Watson.”
Sherlock whispered the name to himself.
The DI came with a cry of Mycroft's name on his lips. He clamped down on his Dom's cock hard, driving him over the edge into orgasm as well.
“John,” the doctor corrected him as he glanced curiously at the other man, Sherlock’s brother.
John soon had Sherlock tied so that his limbs were spread towards the four corners of the bed. He fetched a Wartenberg Pinwheel and settled between his boy’s thighs. “I know how much you like this. It’s just a little primer to get you going.” Not that the sub needed a primer. His cock was already impressively hard.
Leaning forward, John took Sherlock’s cock into his mouth. At the same time, he brushed over his boy’s prostate, both actions causing Sherlock to buck up into his mouth. John used his free hand to hold Sherlock down by the hip and worked to bring him to the brink of climax. As he swirled his tongue around the head of Sherlock’s cock, he continued to massage his pet’s prostate. When the frantic sounds Sherlock was making devolved into pants and moans, John pulled off and stilled his fingers which resulted in a frustrated ‘Fuck' from his pet.
Mycroft smiled. “You know me so well.” His expression grew grave. “Tell me what you think about John Watson and his relationship with my brother.”
They enjoyed one another, their emotions fueling their lovemaking. It wasn’t slow and sweet, but hard and fast. When they were done, they were both exhausted and fell asleep in ine another’s arms.
“I would ask you to leave my brother and me to talk,” Mycroft said, “but I suspect it would be a waste of breath.”
“Name?”
She bore it with patience that she hoped would last through delivery of the baby. If it didn’t, she might just kill her partner. Even thinking it in jest made her flinch and feel queasy. She still hadn’t forgiven herself even if both Sherlock and John had forgiven her. She resolved right then that she would be patient with him even if he started measuring her cervix.
“We're going to have to quit breaking him,” Mary quipped.
“Do you have any idea how gorgeous you are?” John asked as he removed his clothes. “What you do to me?” His cock stood at full attention, drawing his boy's eyes to it. “Of course you do,” he muttered, seeing the glint in Sherlock's eyes.
“I see you still don’t get it,” John said, grasping Sherlock by the curls. “You implied I was an idiot, Sherlock. Think about what you said. Think about it very carefully and when you figure it out, nod.”
When they stepped onto the lifts and the doors closed leaving them alone together, John reached over and brought his boy’s head down for a kiss. “You're doing really well, Sherlock. I’m so proud of you for doing this without arguing.”
“That was bloody brilliant,” John said, the twinkle in his eye almost blinding in its intensity.
“Go away,” the detective said in a ragged voice. He was tired of being seen like this, shaken and falling apart. At least he wasn’t in a full blown panic, but the vision of bright ginger hair filled his mind with both terror and confusion. His rapist had had dark hair, so where had his nightmare vision come from? The element of the unknown made it seem all the more horrible.
John stared at her, words failing him. How could they just abandon him to his thoughts and fears, to the siren song of drugs. “You don’t understand...”
Sherlock shook his head. “No.”
The theory was sound, Sherlock knew that, so he tried it. He could feel the difference all over his body. It didn't last long, though, before he tensed back up. The psychiatrist noticed.
You are my heart, my soul, my all.
“That’s a bit not good,” the doctor said, “but I feel that way about you. So.” He kissed Sherlock's palm. The adrenaline that had surged through John at hearing his sub was in sub-Shock was fading and he was feeling knackered. “I hope they move us to a room soon.”
“No?” John asked, surprised. “Why not?”
The detective gathered his courage. “Could we do that again?” He rocked from foot to foot, hoping John would say yes.
Turning his head to look at his friend, John asked, "Sorry for what?" He looked around the flat, puzzled. Everything seemed to be intact. "The kitchen's not on fire or anything, so I don't see what you need to be sorry for." He punctuated his statement with a smile, though he was still worried. What could Sherlock be going on about?
You are kind without being obvious.
Mary was late. She was five days late to be precise. Her hands shook as she placed the pregnancy test on the counter. She kept telling herself not to get her hopes up. After all, what were the odds she would ‘catch’ on the first go around. Still, she couldn't help be excited.
In the bedroom, Sherlock hadn’t been oblivious to his brother’s visit. He hadn’t heard the exact words that Mycroft had exchanged with John, but he was confident he knew their nature. The other two men were planning his life and how to control it. He wouldn’t put up with that from his brother nor would he put up with it from John. His life was his own and no one else's.
Your letter makes me worry about you. You still blame yourself for things that were beyond your control. Stop, I beg you. Don’t think ill of the best man I have ever known. That’s you, by the way.
Sherlock glowered at the DI and threw himself down in a chair. It was an act he immediately regretted and a hiss escaped him. He might have endured the spanking with stoicism, but that didn’t mean it hadn’t bloody hurt and his poor arse still felt the after effects.
“No. I’ve made that mistake once already.” John drew cautiously near, stopping beside the bed. “May I sit?” he asked, his voice calm and gentle. “I won’t talk. I just want to be with you.”
Sherlock finally became aware of the smell of panic sweat that pervaded him. It reminded him of the unpleasant odour his fractious memories had carried with them and it made him feel sullied all over again. He felt the need to get the stench and the filth off his skin. Standing, he headed towards the bathroom.
Sherlock’s voice was bright. Too bright. Mycroft sincerely hoped there wasn’t another serial bomber on the loose or something equally inconvenient. “Not when the brother is you, no.”
Watson doesn’t need me. She has you. I would only destroy her life. I am already responsible for her growing up without her mother. What part of that don’t you understand? There is nothing you could conceivably say that would change my mind. Go on with your life, John, I implore you.
I don't say that lightly.
“My insufferable twat of a brother.”
John brought the sub to the writhing, crying edge, then he pulled off. Next, he reached for the lube and squeezed a good amount onto his fingers. John caressed Sherlock’s bollocks, then ran his fingers down over his perineum and at last circled his puckered entrance.
Ella remained calm as always. “It's normal to be angry, John.”
Rosie chose that moment to start splashing, sending dark, chocolaty water everywhere. John laughed and tickled her tummy. "You need clean water." He drained the sink and refilled it.
"Of course. I heard you in the hall. Your footsteps were too heavy for Mary or Mrs. Hudson and a criminal wouldn't bother to knock." He drew the covers back, inviting John into bed with him.
“I... Thank you, sir.” The detective squirmed on the seat next to John and let his head fall back. It was worth everything he had had to do at the Yard to have his Dom touch him like this.
John moved closer to his lover, wrapping an arm around his waist. "Do you think you'll love this new baby more than Rosie?"
John brought Sherlock's knuckles up to his lips and placed a gentle kiss on it. “I certainly hope so.”
There is no place I would rather be.
“John,” Sherlock called out, only to be met with silence. He rolled onto his left hand and knees, then started exploring the area around him. Soon, his hand met the doctor's body. He sat up and felt for a pulse with his left hand. Finding it, he breathed a bit easier.
My heart is yours. It beats only for you.
Ella pursed her lips. For her that was a momentous expression. She normally kept her face blank during their sessions. “And do you think that’s what he needs? From what you’ve told me in the past, Sherlock is a fiercely independent individual. Might he not take the constant hovering and watchfulness as a confirmation that’s he’s broken?”
Your hips are kissable as are your inner thighs, your perineum, your bollocks, your cock.
“That was a disappointment,” the doctor said, catching up to Sherlock.
Mycroft kissed the side of his sub's neck. “Come for me,” he ordered.
The detective faced John, nodding. “It can wait.” Despite how important it was to him, how earth-shattering the events the case represented, he waved it away. There was something even more important that needed doing. “I’m sorry.”
“Oh. Oh! Yes, of course.” John climbed out of bed and followed the detective to the living room.
“I'll let Sherlock explain that to you.” The doctor shifted his gaze to his sub. “You might as well get on with it.”
“Why can't I remember it?” Sherlock asked. “I know it happened. I should be able to remember.” He paused. “Why am I starting to remember.”
"No problem," the doctor said as he stood to go make tea. After he had put the kettle on, he pulled out the paper Ella had given him with the list of referrals. He had already investigated them, though he hadn't actually expected Sherlock to agree to see any of them. Again, he wondered what had happened that day. John finished making the tea and shoved the paper into his pocket, then he carried the tea through to the living room, setting Sherlock's on the table in front of him.
Your actions are mesmerising. I can’t look away.
Knowing he was in trouble for how he had behaved at the Yard, Sherlock didn’t hesitate to obey, though his eyes shot to what was lying on the table next to John’s chair with some trepidation.
The rest of the flat has struck the Dom as a complete disaster area, so he was surprised to find Sherlock’s room neat and orderly. He didn't look around much, though, since his eyes were only for the beautiful sub that had knelt up beside the bed. John locked gazes with Sherlock, his breath hitching, and he was drawn directly to him.
That's all the more reason for you to let me visit. Everything you did, you did for me. I see that now. You saved my life. You jumped off Bart's for me. You forgave Mary. You planned my wedding. You killed Magnusson. You planned to go willingly into exile. You tried to keep us all safe when Mary's past caught up to her. You went to Hell to save me from myself. None of that will matter if you throw what we have away.
“Alright,” the detective finally agreed. He could put up with anything for two weeks. He wouldn't make any promises beyond that.
The doctor grinned. “I think you're right.”
“When can we go home?” the exhausted sub asked.
You are my the very rhythm of my being, my pulse, my breath. You are the light in my eyes, my spark of life. You are my reason for being.
Sherlock tossed his head from side to side, groaning. He tugged on his restraints, wanting to touch himself, he was so aroused. “John, sir. Please. I need you inside me. Please, sir.”
John stared into the fireplace, not feeling like talking. He knew if he did, he’d take his anger out on Mycroft and for once he didn’t deserve it. Sherlock’s brother had been nothing but supportive since this whole mess had started.
John,
“That would be fine if you had only nicked them the one time. Let’s say forty then.” John rested his palm on the smooth white arse and rubbed it almost absently. “I expect you to count each blow and thank me for it.”
I miss you so damned much. I can't sleep at night for thinking about you. My life has become boring again. I don’t just miss the cases, if that is what you are thinking. I miss you. I miss you your violin playing. I miss your mad experiments. I miss the random little things you do that drive others ‘round the twist.
The emails Mary and Mycroft had received had originated within a hotel. The former assassin knew she would have to change into normal clothes so she wouldn’t stand out amongst the hotel's patrons. To that end, she went back to 221 and changed clothes. After that, she headed to the hotel.
The doctor sat there quietly. He wanted to hug Sherlock, but it would obviously not be welcomed at the moment. Instead he waited patiently, just keeping him company. At least he could do that much and, thankfully, it was being accepted.
“I like him.” Greg climbed into Mycroft’s lap. “He got Sherlock to apologise and give my handcuffs back. I never thought anyone could manage that. And the look John had on his face was soppy. He was so proud of him.”
“No. I know for a fact she doesn’t miss that. She regrets that part of her life.” Sherlock sought and grasped John's hand. “Never doubt that. Mary has a brilliant mind. I just wonder if she gets bored like me. No, listen. She loves taking care of Rosie and you. Okay, and me. But her mind races like mine does. I’ve seen it in her eyes.”
“Fine,” came the monosyllabic reply.
They worked side by side, Mary on the laptop and Sherlock pinning various items from the file onto one of the walls. Time passed quickly for both of them.
John's left hand was opening and closing into a fist. He was clearly agitated. “That's it. I am not going through that again. We are getting married.” The doctor was looking straight ahead, not meeting Sherlock's eyes.
It was a relief when the detective actually managed to do so without going into a panic attack or flying into another fit of shouting. John didn't rush his friend, he just sat there since his presence seemed to be tolerated, perhaps even welcomed. Out of the corner of his eye he caught a glimpse of movement and turned his head. At the end of the alley, a black sedan waited to take them home. He decided not to mention it until Sherlock appeared to be well and truly in control of himself. There was still that lingering anger that his friend held towards Mycroft, after all.
Mycroft stepped forward. “That's correct. And I was to assist her logistically.”
Sherlock stuck his nose in the book and began reading. In no time, he bellowed, “Pointless. This book doesn’t show anything. It has drawings. How pedestrian.”
Sherlock swallowed hard. He didn't want to take drugs that would alter his brain chemistry. On some level, he knew that was ridiculous. He had done just that every time he had taken a hit. Another glance at John reminded him how much his friend wanted him to do this. “What if I try these meds and find them more troublesome than helpful?”
After their nightly ablutions, they retired to Sherlock’s bedroom, each of them sliding into opposite sides of the bed. The wall of pillows remained in place from the night before. It wasn't long before John was snoring softly, having drifted to sleep.
Setting Rosie on the floor, Sherlock twisted around and sat up abruptly. “What’s it like to be a mother?” he asked, his voice full of curiosity.
As if conjured by his words, Anthea entered the room. She handed Mycroft a brief report, then ducked back out.
The wonder, the sheer surprise, the great improbability that is embodied in you.
Your muscles judder at my touch.
Mycroft entered the room and took in his brother's position. He could practically sense the apathy coming off Sherlock in waves. John had been right to call him with his concerns. "Hello, brother-mine. I hope you don't mind if I make myself at home by preparing tea for the both of us." He didn't get a response, but he hadn't really been expecting one.
As the paramedic continued to monitor Sherlock's vitals, he asked, “Can you contact his Dom. He'll need to meet us at A&E.”
At that Sherlock blinked. He had a little over a week to left in which to change his mind. Biting his lip, he looked down at Rosie. They had a chance to have a brother or sister for her. No, he wouldn't change his mind. John had sat down next to him and he reached out to take the doctor's hand. "They'll love each other and play together, won't they? There won't be such a large gap between them, not like with me and Mycroft. That's good, isn't it."
Sherlock grimaced. “Anderson won’t work with me.”
"Oh, Sherlock, you already know." John, laying on his side, reached out to tuck Sherlock's curls behind his ear. "You're a father to Rosie, just like I am. You were there for almost everything except the conception where Rosie is concerned."
Sensing he was in trouble, the sub bowed his head. “All the time, sir, but I eventually give them back.”
After what seemed an eternity, he found the person he had been looking for. An exchange was made, cash for a small vial of his favourite solution, then Sherlock made his way back to the flat.
I must admit, the idea of soap came from
Without another word, the blonde tossed the file to Sherlock. “Take a look. If you’re interested, I’d like to have your help. I’ve been authorised to engage an agent for the legwork.”
You are loveable, my dear.
“What are your plans for the day, lovely?” John asked.
The former assassin laughed. “You don’t have to. I'm fine.”
With John's words, he pressed in, almost coming immediately in the doctor's tight heat. “J- John.”
The doctor moved to sit by him. He reached out a hand, placing it gently on Sherlock's shoulder. Sherlock didn't flinch at his touch. Instead, he leant into it.
"I'm such a fool!" he growled angry at himself.
"It's nothing new for me, little brother, but please let me hear what caused this terrible self-criticism? I'm dying of curiosity."
"No. I brought you." The detective was standing right beside him. Sure, extremely attentive eyes looked him through when he leaned slightly toward him and pushed him the pillow. "Get some sleep yet, you woke from a nightmare thrice."
"In Serbia?"
He thought back to what he had found on the Holmes brothers. He was pleasantly surprised to discover that Mycroft Holmes, who had undoubtedly personally took Will from the Chilton's care, was one of the most dangerous and highly underrated figures in the government of Great Britain. He had heard about Sherlock Holmes' fame and was eager to recognize Will's new family.
The last thing he remembered was seeing one of very few people dearest to him with a gun in his hand. With the barrel touching his chin. That sight made his heart sink, and for a split second it seemed to him that he was going to die. He wanted to scream, to wrestle that damned weapon from Sherlock's hand, before tragedy befell. He was unable to move a muscle, let alone respond.
He smiled tenderly, stroking the photo of Will taken from a distance. But distance did not distort the empath's delicate features. It was clear, if insignificant, but Hannibal noticed. Artificial light gave his face a pale appearance. Only now did he notice that Graham - Holmes - was thin and tired.
Because it was the truth, although Will had tried to prevent this. Only Lecter was able to freely move around the less and less protected area of his mind. Chiton charged ruthlessly brutal and massive attacks, regardless of the consequences, and called this a therapy session.
"You're a bastard," John murmured, biting his partner's ear.
Had he not been so mentally and physically drained, he probably would have laughed. How could he have ever doubted that Sherlock would find him in time?
He took a sip of good cognac, pushing those thoughts aside. It was not that important now. He did not want to rush, but on the other hand, he wanted a new challenge.
Now he was surely going to follow him. He was going to find a suitable excuse to leave without arousing suspicion and without regretting his life in Baltimore. Behind him very much committed to each other. Unfortunately, the mind of Dr. Lecter, the Chesapeake Ripper, was a fiendishly clever trap in itself. It was impossible to leave once you were approached by him.
He was sure that he would see the disappointment deeply hidden under the mask of cool politeness. Perhaps he could explain the situation to Her Majesty and she would not bore him about bringing grave danger to her subjects. He had an idea how to stop Hannibal Lecter without having to hold him in prison under solitary confinement.
He closed his eyes and took a deep breath. Even the quiet beeping device, which was probably connected to him, did not stop the wonderful peace that engulfed him.
A few weeks of training for forensic psychiatrists with the participation of specialists around the world taking place - quite by chance - in London turned out to be a good excuse to leave America without awakening much interest. Not so long ago, he had decided to resign from this opportunity, but was now eagerly awaiting this. For the training he was invited by the organizers and he was to deliver two lectures. He was prepared for this, but ultimately decided sending the relevant materials almost past the deadline. Although he did it so late, everything he had prepared was very interesting.
The detective raised an eyebrow, not remembering that promise, but he had John to do that.
Maintaining the dark and predatory nature in check and controlling that it didn't slip at the wrong moment, it wasn't a big problem. He was proud of his strong will.
Hannibal sighed and closed his eyes for a moment.
"Shut up John, stop thinking about it. I can't concentrate."
"I don't doubt it, brother." Mycroft glanced at the figure on the bed. Will was a very light sleeper, but now did not move when his older brother gently touched his burning forehead.
Sherlock prepared John hastily. He smiled, watching his lover's impatience. Their lips met again, sharing warmth and one breath. John did not interrupt the kiss, sitting on Sherlock's lap. He found Sherlock's cock with his hand and grasped it. The detective took in John's face, staring intently, but did not notice anything disturbing. At the same moment, John lifted his hips. Gently and slowly until Sherlock's head swelled inside him, he slid down, allowing himself to stretch and fill with pleasure.
He closed his eyes and breathed out a few times making a superhuman effort to simply remain calm.
He was no exception, he just realized that his need was on a different field than his brothers.
"John? We're here."
Browsing the news, he peered at John, who in turn did not look at him, reading a newspaper. Mrs. Hudson had to bring them, because he did not buy a single one since Mycroft had kidnapped his beloved blogger for the mission in America.
But why?
It was a strange feeling, wearing ordinary clothes again, and not the uncomfortable prison uniform.
He tried not to think about that woman. It surprised him that she didn't send any hostile signals. He wondered if she knew who he was and what he was doing here.
John did not expect anything from him. Never. It was surprising, unusual. Sometimes he let himself be persuaded, but most often he led the detective to a state where Sherlock turned into a very satisfied jelly on the border of sleep.
His mind shook with this revelation.
He was not such an expert like Sherlock and Mycroft. They could easily tell a whole story based on a single, seemingly insignificant detail. It took them barely a gesture or an element to create the whole picture. He took him many, but he didn't have to worry. The world could lift only one Sherlock and Mycroft Holmes.
"Growing lust and the inability to fulfil your desires make you just a little sadistic, John. Interesting, very interesting."
He was afraid as hell.
"I'm sorry Mrs. Hudson, but where? This is our apartment. We pay regularly, we don't cause trouble..." The woman coughed significantly, but John ignored her and continued. "Granted, there are no major problems with us. I don't understand why..."
Among his students were uncontrollable stories about the brilliant Holmes circulating, among which was a man who pointed to him as an intractable burglar and a murderer.
"It's a dangerous serial killer and cannibalistic-"
He had prepared everything carefully, though the prospect of being in London and meeting Holmes undoubtedly meant that he had become impatient. But he could tame his own desires and push himself to go according to the established plan.
Then suddenly he understood.
Sherlock shook his head and, after a moment of deliberation, began peppering the exposed fragments of John's skin with small kisses, causing him to giggle.
, a heartbeat. His head fell on something solid and surprisingly warm. Then came the smell, the familiar smell of Sherlock Holmes. Home.
He felt uncomfortable. Mycroft had always acted alone, had probably prepared several scenarios and a number of skilled professionals waiting for his order. He did not need advice and help from an ordinary military doctor who wrote a blog.
"You can open your eyes, my child. You are in the safest place on earth."
Sherlock gave him a knowing look and shut his mouth.
He'd probably find out soon. Then he would not be so pleased, because in the end John not only saved, but took people's lives. In the service of Her Majesty. Many people, even his own. He shuddered involuntarily. Sometimes Sherlock was right, it was good to block emotions, feelings, hiding them deep within him. If only it were that simple, and the past could be forgotten.
Mycroft rolled his eyes, seeing another text message from Sherlock. He knew what his brother was trying to say.
Anyway, some people had probably already ensured that no one disturbed him. Mycroft Holmes would likely depend on that to protect innocent citizens from meeting someone like him.
Will's resemblance to Sherlock was striking, despite some obvious differences.
John found an effective way to fight his chronic insomnia for years, and with all ruthlessness, he used this knowledge deliberately. And it was not even about anal sex or oral sex. These were very pleasant pretexts for proximity, physical contact, which from the moment he returned, he needed like air to live. He observed that John slept much better and deeper, feeling his presence right beside him.
When John and Sherlock got back to Baker Street, Sherlock drifted over to one of the windows in the living room and looked out on the street below.
“Where the hell have you been? Two days. Two days, Sherlock and no word from you.” The doctor clenched his left hand into a fist. “What were you doing and where were you doing?” the doctor demanded to know.
Climbing on the bed, the Dom removed Sherlock's dressing gown lovingly. He ran his hand down his arm and lifted his boy's hand to his lips and kissed it. “Are you ready to have that cage off?”
“Oh, god,” Greg moaned. “Yes, sir.” It felt incredibly good when his Dom slid inside his loose and sloppy hole. There was no burn whatsoever, just a smooth glide from the lube that had started to leak out of him. Soon Mycroft was pumping away, thrusting hard and unrelenting.
“It is quite vexing,” Sherlock agreed. “Mycroft could do something about it, but no. He can't be arsed to intervene when I actually want him to.” He looked out the window, not wanting John to see anything amiss in his expression.
“I get to make the announcement this time,” Mary said, bumping shoulders with Sherlock. She reached into her pocket and pulled out the pregnancy test and placed it in the detective's hands.
If you should fall into one of your dark moods, please, please, please contact me. Failing that, go to Mycroft. He’s a git, but he means well.
How was I supposed to know?
“Of course.” John heard his sub huff his displeasure and frowned. “We would be happy to,” he said in his Captain Watson voice as he gave Sherlock a stern look.
When he had recovered, he reached around his boy and grasped his cock. “You can come, boy.” He stroked him a few times, then Sherlock came with John's name on his lips. The sub felt like he flew apart, then slammed back together.
During the cab ride to NSY, Sherlock sat as close to John as he could, holding his hand in a tight grip. He didn't look at the city passing by as had always been his wont, but stared at the back of the cabbie's head as if he didn't trust him. Jeff Hope hadn't affected him in any way, but clearly his recent ordeal had made him distrustful of strangers.
The doctor lent in for a kiss. Sherlock responded enthusiastically. They got lost in one another as they rode though London, both of them happier than they had ever been before.
John laughed. "Right then." He kissed the detective back and lowered his daughter to the floor. "Come here." Wrapping his arm around Sherlock's waist, he guided him over to Mary and wrapped his other arm around her's. He hugged them both, feeling tears welling up in his eyes. It wasn't until that moment that he realised how worried he had been. "That's wonderful."
The detective visibly relaxed, dropping his feet to the floor and sitting up properly. He still felt the urge to resist seeing the psychiatrist, but John already looked less strained. "Thank you."
In his smuggest tone, Sherlock asked, “Which was it: Afghanistan or Iraq?”
“Sherlock,” John said quietly, “I’m going to touch you.” He held his hand out, hovering over his friend's shoulder, waiting to see if he would protest. When he didn’t, the doctor let his hand settle on Sherlock’s shoulder and started rubbing soothing circles there. “I’m not going anywhere. We’re in this together. Alright? If you can’t trust in anything else, trust in that.”
“What do you think you are doing?” the doctor asked, his voice stern as he stepped out of the kitchen.
Doctor Dieter gave the two men a few moments, then he broke in gently, “That's good. Excellent. Now, Sherlock is there anything else that you want to talk about today? Our time is almost up, but I don’t want you to leave without touching on everything that you want to discuss. Remember, this is your time and your safe space.”
“His name?” Sherlock asked.
Once back at 221, Sherlock took the seventeen steps to B two at a time. He slammed and locked the door behind him, then leant against it. Unfastening his trousers and shoving them down along with his pants, he grasped his cock and let out a moan of relief. All the pent up sexual tension from the bedroom inside his Mind Palace flowed freely and his cock stiffened in his hand. He felt impossibly hard as he stroked himself. The only thing that would be better would be if John...
The detective had on his trousers, but nothing else. The fingers of his right hand dripped blood.
The doctor rushed to the bathroom door and pounded on it with his fist. "Sherlock are you okay?" Without waiting for an answer, he started to open the door, but Sherlock beat him to it.
It was cold and rainy as Sherlock got out of the cab at his brother’s estate. Sherlock stood, getting wet, outside the door. He was angry. No, he was infuriated. Lifting his hand to knock, he stopped as the door opened to Mycroft standing in the entryway. He was dressed in pyjamas and had clearly just got out of bed.
Do they not see that it is they who are so?
“Sherlock, be reasonable,” Mycroft said. “You were eight when it happened.”
The four of them made their way to Mycroft's waiting car. Both John and Sherlock sighed appreciatively at the heat that enveloped them.
Sherlock,
John smiled. “That ... was amazing.”
Mark glanced back over at the female matchmaker before answering. "Coming here was his brother's idea. The sub says he's not truly interested in obtaining a Dom. He thinks they're... boring."
Obliging him, John kept torturing the pert nub until it grew red and puffy, then he shifted his attention to his boy's other nipple. He was fascinated by the way Sherlock reacted to the pinwheel. He had tried it on himself once and it had bloody hurt, but the sub absolutely loved it. In fact, his boy was already a writhing mess of need from just the pinwheel alone.
With great reverence, John moved closer to Sherlock. He reached out with shaking hands, intending to unbutton the detective's shirt. “Is this okay”
“Excuse us a moment,” John said, then led Sherlock from the room.
"Yeah," John agreed. "They'll be best mates and argue and fuss and make up again. It'll be wonderful."
Mycroft's aristocratic tones answered, "Turn left down the next alley, Doctor Watson. Your presence is required." Before the doctor could ask why, Mycroft had hung up.
Sherlock lay on his bed in the middle of the night, staring at the ceiling. Each day that had passed brought their family one day closer to trying for another baby. He tried to imagine another baby in their flats, one that was a mix of him and Mary. It made him smile. It wasn't something he had ever expected, having a child that shared his genes.
Going into his bedroom, he pulled a small wooden box from the bottom of the cupboard and opened it. In short order, he had injected himself and set the drug paraphernalia aside.
The weather suited his mood, the rain coming down in sheets. He didn’t care that he was getting drenched to the bone.
There it was: another example of John's ability to give Sherlock just what he needed without asking questions. Well, without asking too many questions, anyway. The doctor was amazing. He was brilliant. He was everything the man himself had ever said about Sherlock and more. Somehow, the detective was going to show him how much he appreciated it one day. For now...
Sherlock cried out loudly. John laughed around his mouth full of cock, sure that Mrs. Hudson had heard and probably the neighbours as well. Honestly, he didn’t give a damn.
Mycroft’s phone rang. His eyebrows climbed quickly towards his receding hairline upon seeing who was calling. It must be a matter of some urgency as Sherlock much preferred to text. “Hello, brother-mine. To what do I owe the pleasure?”
You are my rare white peacock, my perfect gem, my aurora in the night sky.
She looked taken aback. How had he known she was sometimes bored? Mary laughed out loud, nervously. Of course he knew, he was Sherlock. “There are some things that I very much do not miss. I try to forget that I had any part in them. But, yes, I sometimes miss the adrenaline rush.” Mary looked thoughtful. “I think what I miss the most is using my mind, putting the puzzles together, planning the details, solving the problems.” She sighed. “But I gave all that up.” Her hand rested on her belly. “I don’t regret that.”
John,
“Just the same, I’ll tell him,” John insisted.
It’s not just your outer beauty that I admire, it is the whole of you.
Doctor Dieter smiled. “It will feel odd for a while. You've been in fight or flight for a long time. It's going to take patience and practice before breathing that way feels right to you again.”
“Sherlock,” the Dom warmed, “I won’t have you speak that way about your own family.”
to do it, but he had been denied his revenge by his brother. “Mycroft,” he spat.
Waiting until the boys were out on a case together had been excruciating, but she hadn't wanted to raise their hopes so long as there was a chance they might be dashed. Setting the timer, she sat on the lid of the loo and waited. It was only a couple of minutes, but it seemed like an eternity. Finally, the timer sounded. Holding her breath, she picked up the bit of plastic that would foretell all their futures. He hand flew to her mouth and she let out a happy sob. She was pregnant.
John Watson was stood in the middle of the room in a military stance. Sherlock smiled to himself. It would be all too easy to put this Dom off. “Afghanistan or Iraq?” he asked in a brusque tone.
The detective huffed a breath. He hadn't admitted to being depressed, at least not out loud. Still, he knew he was. He glanced at John and saw his hopeful expression. “You said that was one of the meds you want me to take. What else?”
The marred mantel.
I joyfully follow you into madcap nights and unfathomable days as brilliant adventures twine themselves around us.
The doctor sprawled beneath Sherlock, letting him take the lead, only stopping the detective to get a bottle of lube he had begun keeping in the night stand for masturbatory purposes. He pressed it into Sherlock's hand.
Hanging up his coat, John settled in like it was any other day. He’d wait a few hours before implementing his plan. For now, he simply picked up his novel and tried to read.
Leaning back against the side, Mary smiled at him. He had the book tucked up under his arm. “I need you to do me a favour and I don’t just mean eating the toast.” She took said toast and put it on a plate, then she spread it with butter and honey and handed the plate to her partner. “John is absolutely driving me mad.”
“Right.” John went and got the tea. At least he wasn’t being kicked out. He took a sip and hummed appreciatively. It really was perfect. Turning around, he gave a start to find Sherlock stood not two feet away. “Jesus!”
After an appropriate amount of time had passed during which John tidied up from breakfast, he joined Sherlock in the bedroom. His boy was knelt in the centre of the bed, his hands behind his head. His dressing gown was still draped around him artfully.
Sherlock sat with his back against the brick wall that ran along one side of the alley. His legs were bent at the knees and his arms rested on them, straight out in front of him. His head drooped between his arms, causing his curls to cover his eyes. "Mycroft told you where to find me," he stated in an eerie tone. It sounded far too... not calm, but flat... for John's liking.
The Dom listened to his sub count out the second blow, pleased with how this punishment session was starting out. He could feel Sherlock’s cock, thick and hard, pressed up against his thigh.
Now Sherlock was faced with the night and sleep and, unfortunately, the inevitable dreams that would come his way. John had already gone to bed some time ago and Sherlock couldn’t put it off any longer.
“None,” John said.  “It’s a gut feeling. And I'm not wrong, am I?”
Sherlock leapt to his feet and followed her into the kitchen. "I deleted everything about pregnancy after Rosie was born."
“When it comes to you two, I’m jealous of any time I don’t get to spend with you.”
I long to kiss you, to touch you, to be with you in every way.
The detective came hard, his come shooting several feet in front of him. John laughed delightedly at the sight. “Are you okay, pet?” he asked.
It is your zest for life that I breathe in every day.
The doctor climbed onto the bed and knelt there, his legs spread wide. “If you hadn't been naughty, you could be up here with me.” He ran a hand over his chest, pinching his nipple. “But, no. You couldn't keep your hands off of yourself, could you?”
The younger man's eyes slid shut once more.
John sat next to his friend, deciding to let Sherlock take the lead. They sat in silence for quite some time. Finally, the detective began to speak.
Huggle Muffin
Back on the sofa, the detective sat with his knees pulled up to his chest. He was fairly vibrating with a mixture of rage, guilt and fear. He couldn't see a psychiatrist. He simply couldn't. He'd had enough of them as a child, with their prying questions, their medications and their labels. He hadn't needed them then and he didn't need them now.
John looked around, surprised by the gesture. “Neither did I." He shrugged. “I suppose we needed it. It’s the most relaxed I’ve been in... Well, it just was.” John turned off the hob and plated the stir fry. “I hope you’re hungry.” He said hopefully. Sherlock’s eating habits had improved in recent weeks and he was more willing to eat, which John was thankful for.
John was very disturbed, not to mention surprised at the admission. It felt like a large hand was squeezing his heart. He didn't know what to say. He felt even more powerless to help the detective.
Sherlock found himself at MatchDs, standing outside of one of the small meeting rooms. In the end he had decided it would be simpler to meet this Dom, this John Watson, than to argue with Mycroft. At least it would get his brother off his back for a bit. He pulled himself up to his full height and plastered his most haughty, disinterested look on his face then he opened the door and stepped inside.
Too soon, he found himself standing outside 221. He braced himself, standing tall, and entered. As he climbed the 17 steps, he noted that it was quiet. Too quiet. He missed Sherlock faffing about, playing the violin or performing mad experiments.
Sherlock took the doctor’s hand and pulled him to his feet as he, himself, stood. Together, they followed the psychiatrist back to his office.
“Fuck!” Mary swore. If whoever had sent the email to her could get to Mycroft then they were likely to have quite a few resources themselves.
“I would surmise that Mary and/or Myrcoft are searching for us as we speak.”
“Alright.” John stood. “But if you need me, phone.”
“I do hope so, John.” Mrs. Hudson wiped away a tear and made a hasty retreat before she could start crying in earnest.
“The same one we're going to.”
John's grip tightened on Sherlock's foot. “Hey, I’ve got you. I’ve got you.”
When Sherlock blinked and came back around, he found that John had moved to the sofa with them, on the opposite side from Mary. “Mary is pregnant,” he told his friend.
“It's fine. It's completely normal to get frustrated,” Doctor Dieter said. “You just have to keep practicing.
Doctor Dieter smiled. “Good. Now let's discuss medication.”
“But why does it have to be you that goes after him?” John asked.
John drank in the sight of Sherlock’s naked form even as he removed his belt. The sub was absolutely breathtaking. He would look even better bound and gagged with his arse nicely cropped, but that would have to wait for another day. He ran the smooth leather of his belt through his hands. “Turn around for me, hands behind your back.” As he used his belt to bind Sherlock’s wrists together, he asked, “Is this okay?”
“The doctor will want to keep you overnight,” John said. At Sherlock's expression, the Dom smiled tiredly. “Don’t worry, they want to keep me for observation too.”
Just as the coffee had finished brewing, the detective came into the kitchen. He was wearing naught but his blue dressing gown. He knelt on the cushion by the table, facing John, and let the dressing gown fall artfully open.
“I really don’t think...” John began.
It was only a few minutes before Lestrade appeared in the incident room. He had brought everything with him he’d need to take both John and Sherlock’s statements. “Thanks for coming in. I’m assuming it’s all down to you, John. Normally I have to badger that one for days to get him here.”
Finally, the doctor sat up. They both tucked themselves away and fastened their flies.
Sherlock didn't look as though he was going to comply, but after several long, drawn out moments, he put his feet back on the floor and put his hands in position. After several tries, he finally felt the hand over his diaphragm move and his other hand stayed motionless. “It doesn't feel natural,” he complained.
John barked a brittle laugh and covered his face with his hands. “He was having a bad night and said some things.” The doctor swallowed hard remembering Sherlock’s accusatory words. He dropped his hands. “I... I reacted badly and had to get out. I never should have left him alone.”
"Sit down with me, love," John said, pulling Sherlock over to sit with him on the love seat. "Something's clearly bothering you. We all agreed not to hide things from one another," he glanced at Mary and smiled, "and you know you can tell us anything. Have you... have you changed your mind about fathering our next baby?" The words had cost him a lot to say, but he had managed it.
The banking case turned out to be lacklustre. It only took two days to capture the criminal who had enacted an old scheme. He had been siphoning off the fractions of pennies left over from transactions. The amount had added up quickly.
Sherlock broke out in a broad grin. Mary and John hugged him from either side. Rosie, jealous, made her way over and tugged on his trousers. He reached down and picked her up, setting her on his lap. “You're going to be a big sister.”
Light flooded the container, blinding the two men momentarily. They blinked a few times before their eyes adjusted and allowed them to see both Mary and Mycrof stood in the doorway.
Mary chuckled as she started collecting the wrapping paper and bows and chucking them in the bin. Looking over, she caught John's eyes and tilted her head, mouthing, "Now?"
“It’s about time you found us,” Sherlock quipped. “I had started to get bored.”
The only bright spot is Rosie. You should see her, Sherlock. She is so smart. I imagine she is much like you were as a child. I can already see is going to be a difficult to keep her mentally challenged. You would do so much better than I am. I have included some photos. Look how much she has changed since you saw her last. Let me to bring her by to see you. I hate that she is growing up without you.
Collar upturned against the wind. Coattails flaring as you whirl about. You standing atop a rocky knoll, looking out over the moors.
John gripped Sherlock's hand hard. "Mary, I think we really broke him this time."
You surprise me endlessly.
“Right.” John stifled a yawn. “And for now?”
Sherlock looked at inner John in awe. No matter where, in his Mind Palace or in the real world, John was his protector. It was humbling. He didn’t have time to contemplate it however, as the door rattled in its frame as something from the other side pounded on it.
“Obviously,” John said, his arms crossed over his chest. “I have plans for you tonight. It looks as though you have a different idea.”
look and he chose too keep his mouth shut, well, to keep it occupied, anyway.
Grinning, John asked, “What do people normally say?” He was delighted by Sherlock’s reaction. The sub obviously had an enormous praise kink that had rarely, if ever, been satisfied. He could work with that.
You are my heart.
The detective patted the side if John's face. “Wake up. Please.” He kept at it until the doctor groaned.
“I shall dispose of this.” The government official stood. “Call me if you need me or if anything changes.”
“Right now, your body is making a child. What does it feel like?”
Stupid. Stupid. Stupid!
I can see love in the depths of your eyes.
Greg inhaled sharply, waiting for John to explode at his sub. Donovan grinned smugly.
“Google it.” Mary considered for a moment. "Or I can let you have this back." She picked up a book off the coffee table. What to Expect When You're Expecting. “Go ahead and read it. I liked it and I still remember most of it from when I had Rosie.”
Sherlock sat up, shaking. He wrapped his arms around himself. His dream was still with him in disturbing detail. For several moments, he wondered what it meant. The implications weren’t lost on him, but he refused to face it. Instead, he shoved everything into a closet in his Mind Palace and locked the door.
“Bigelow,” the detective spat. “You had no right to have him killed. It was for me to do.”
“I will. Thank you.” With that, Mary went up to B to get John's gun. She retrieved it from the lockbox and rushed back down to C where she threw on more suitable clothes.
I will never tire of praising you.
Mary rubbed her belly. “Don’t worry. Your fathers will be back soon. They’ll have a grand time.” She went to check on Rosie. The little girl was fast asleep. The former assassin placed a  hand in Rosie’s blonde curls. “Sleep well, little one.”
“You already do too much,” the detective said, deducing John's thoughts.
“Of course not,” John said, kissing her on her cheek. He grabbed his coat and rushed out the door, the detective having already disappeared.
John had wandered the streets for hours. His limp had come back and was quite pronounced. Every few blocks, he had stopped and swore profusely before continuing on his way. The rational part of his mind had kept telling him Sherlock hadn't meant what he had said, but it hadn't been very loud. Until now.
“It’s not likely.” Sherlock pounded on the metal doors and shouted for several minutes to no avail. He was starting to feel chilled. He went cautiously over to John and sat by him, pulling him into his arms. “All we can do now is wait.”
John chuckled. “Patience, boy.” He shifted one of the clamps into his left hand, then with a practiced motion, placed it on Sherlock’s right nipple. His boy mewled in pain, his cock giving a twitch of excitement. John quickly did the same with the other clamp, letting it bite down on the sub's left nipple.
At the hospital, they were spit up, much to their chagrin. Sherlock was rushed in for an x-ray and to get his arm set. John was assessed for concussion, being rushed through for x-rays himself. He was correct, he had a mild concussion. The upside of which was that his skull was intact. The downside was that he had to suffer through the associated symptoms. Concussions, even a mild one, wasn’t something to laugh at.
Sherlock took a deep breath. “With the mind palace.”
A few minutes later, John wandered sleepily into the kitchen. “Coffee?”
“I feel different. It’s like a crucial piece of the puzzle has slotted into place.” Sherlock began to pace. “Maybe it’s like lancing a boil. I know the worst, now. I'm not saying that I am okay, but I think I will be.”
“We both know you’d be an idiot not to take advantage of her skills.”
Without another word, the former assassin rang off. She knew Mycroft would understand. They couldn't risk their phone conversation being overheard.
Sherlock had a different idea. He turned to face John, then fell to his knees, wrapping his arms around the Dom’s legs. “You killed him. For me.” It was the only thing the sub could focus on. John, a Dom, had not only assisted him with the case, he had killed for him. It kept repeating in his mind. No one had ever done anything like that for him before.
It wasn't long until the doctor came. Sherlock swallowed his come, purring in contentment.
At the sound of someone, Mycroft from the sound of it, entering the building, Sherlock groaned. He didn't feel like dealing with his brother. Instead, he rolled over and faced the back of the sofa so he wouldn't have to look at him or, hopefully, talk with him.
The doctor had to adjust himself in his trousers. He had no idea his sub could be such a tease. He’d remember this show forever... and he’d be teasing him back in his own way soon enough.
“Last night, you said we needed to talk.” Sherlock was absolutely looming.
Breathing in sharply, the detective let it out slowly. "You would be there with me, John?"
“There’s no point in discussing tablets,” Sherlock said, his voice going hard and all his anxiety seeming to vanish. “I won't take them.”
Your hands excite me.
With Doctor Dieter looking politely away, Sherlock slowly took John’s hand.
This chapter provides a dose if mystrade. If that's not your thing, feel free to skip it.
“Stop fidgeting,” the doctor mumbled into Sherlock's neck. When the sub failed to comply, John nipped at his neck and growled. “You are impossible.”
"Fine. Fine. But you really should be the one to call." John watched Sherlock crumble under his words and it made him feel ill. "Alright. I shouldn't do it, but I'll schedule an appointment for you."
Sherlock blushed furiously and shifted where he sat. “That’s not what people normally say,” he admitted.
John smiled at him warmly. “You don’t have to call me that unless we’re in a scene or you’re being punished.”
John reached between his boy's legs and tugged on his bollocks. He rolled them in his hands and played with them. He kept at it until Sherlock started to press back into him.
The doctor took a deep breath. “Okay. Take your time. When you are ready, open the door.”
John got a dangerous look on his face and the detective immediately felt the tables being turned on him. It felt like the shorter man was now the one doing the looming.
Startling eyes.
Sherlock's visit to the morgue was trying. He managed to be infallibly polite to Molly and even refrained from deducing facts about her latest boyfriend out loud. However, he would be having a talk with John about this ‘Matt'. Obviously, the man was being verbally abusive to Molly. If she didn’t dump him within the next few days, steps would have to be taken.
Sherlock pulled her to his chest and held her, her back to him. “We’re going to help you relax,” he said into her ear.
“Yes, i still don't understand how you knew.”
Sherlock glanced over at him from where he was stood on the coffee table examining the crime wall. “What?” he asked, his tone short.
Harry Watson: clearly a family member who’s given you his old phone. Not your father, this is a young man’s gadget. Could be a cousin, but you’ve resorted to a matchmaking service. Unlikely you’ve got an extended family to help you find someone, certainly not one you’re close to, so brother it is. Now, Clara. Who’s Clara? Three kisses says it’s a romantic attachment, sub. The expense of the phone says collared, not girlfriend. She must have given it to him recently – this model’s only six months old. The relationship’s in trouble then – six months on he’s just given it away. If she’d left him, he would have kept it. People do – sentiment. But no, he wanted rid of it. He left her. He gave the phone to you: that says he wants you to stay in touch. You’re looking for a romantic relationship, but you’re not going to your brother for introductions: that says you’ve got problems with him. Maybe you liked his sub; maybe you don’t like his drinking.”
The detective brought his hands back around from behind his back and grasped his cock. He ran his thumb over he slit to collect the copious precome, then he started slowly pumping himself, using it as lube.
All your parts are kissable.
Sherlock unwound himself and stood. With great determination, he put on his Belstaff and quietly left the flat. He would succeed in his mission where he had failed before.
“You said you wouldn’t interfere with my cases,” Sherlock hissed.
“It wasn't boring,” Sherlock pointed out.
Please, if there is any hope for us, tell me. I'll be waiting for as long as I need to in order to hear back from you.
“I'll phone Mycroft tomorrow,” Sherlock said from where he leaned against the doorframe to the kitchen.
“The Diogenes,” came the response.
They didn’t have to knock. The DI looked up and spotted them, his eyes going wide at the sight of the collar around Sherlock’s neck. He hopped down off his desk and opened the door. “Come in Sherlock and... it was Doctor Watson, wasn’t it?”
Scratches. Not one, many over time. It’s been in the same pocket as keys and coins. The man sitting next to me wouldn’t treat his one luxury item like this, so it’s had a previous owner. Next bit’s easy. You know it already.
“Ta. I had figured that much out myself.”
Huggi Bear
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “Come, John. Mary is waiting.”
“Mm, happy birthday, John.”
“Are you angry with Sherlock?”
Your body should be x-rated.
“Yes. Yes, it was.” John took a step back into the room, a sense of expectation quickly building.
“Yeah,” Sherlock acknowledged.
The paramedic called ahead and spoke to someone at A&E. “If he's stable and alert, they will have Mr. Watson meet us when we arrive.”
Sherlock stepped over to John, trying to loom. “I know you’re an Army doctor and you’ve been invalided home from Afghanistan. You haven't Dommed since you've been back in London. Your psychiatrist thinks it's because you're afraid, that your time in Afghanistan broke you, but it's really because you find most subs boring. That’s enough to be going on with, don’t you think?”
The doctor walked over to his chair and collapsed into it. He sat there for several long minutes before he heard the door downstairs open and shut. The sound was followed by footfalls on the stairs. He wasn’t surprised when Mycroft entered, looking grim.
You insult Donovan and Anderson.
All your parts are kissable.
Sherlock flopped down on the sofa, his scowl softened by the sight of Mary playing with Rosie. Soon, there was a soft smile on his face though he would have denied it.
“Yeah. Yeah, that sounds good.” John turned to face Greg. “I need to get this one home. I’ll bring him in to make his statement later. After the arrest.” He licked his lips. “Yeah.” He still needed to address his boy’s attitude from earlier, but god he wanted to take him apart and fuck him until he screamed out his name. He would. Definitely. But only after the punishment was over.
“You feel guilty for leaving him even long enough to come here.”
“Excellent.” The detective opened the file and began reading whilst Mary resumed her work on the laptop.
I am grateful every day that you crossed my path.
Sherlock's brow crinkled. “But, sir, I don't understand.”
The information she had received from Mycroft indicated a specific room in the hotel. The former assassin made her way to it. Once there, she slipped a card into the magnetic lock. It scrambled the system and unlocked the door.
Greg accepted the handcuffs with no small amount of surprise. “Ah, thank you.” He gave John a grin. “And thank you, John. If this is a sign of things to come, I’m glad you two got together.”
Sherlock scowled.
John blushed at his words and Mycroft rolled his eyes.
should have inherited the rings.”
Unbetad. Any mistakes are my own.
The consulting detective rolled his eyes. "It's obvious how she died.” He crossed the kitchen and picked up a champagne cork with his gloved hand. “When she was opening the bottle, the cork popped with great force and hit her in the temple. She wasn’t murdered at all. It was a complete accident.”
“Tell me how good it is, pet,” the Dom ordered, still pounding into Greg.
“Don’t answer that,” came a voice from behind Mary. She looked over her shoulder, finding a gun trained on her. Whirling, she scooped up the cuffed man's gun, then trained both her weapons on the man who had appeared from the door. They were at an impasse, each holding their guns steady on the other.
You are loveable, huggable, kissable… fuckable.
Sherlock tossed the measuring tape aside. Looking up at her, he leant in and kissed her belly. It was tender and sweet and brought tears to her eyes. She swiped them away. “There’s one for your spreadsheet. I’m overly emotional.”
“I trust Anthea completely. She’s one of the few people I
After a suitable amount of time had passed, John swallowed down Sherlock’s cock one last time. It didn’t take long for John’s tongue and the prostate massage to bring Sherlock to the brink once more. This time when John pulled off, he removed his fingers from Sherlock’s entrance as well.
“Yes, sir. I would have. I’m sorry.” He wanted to beg now. He bit his lip, holding the words back. Maybe if he was good, John would fuck him in the morning. The Dom was fond of morning sex and this wouldn’t satisfy him, not really. He resolved to be golden for John no matter how much he wanted to beg.
“Night.” Sherlock settled down under the covers, looking at John. He felt safer knowing John was there and he closed his eyes, hoping to sleep without dreaming.
Sherlock blinked a few times, then recovered. "You want me in the room whilst you and John attempt to... Whilst you both... Whilst you're having sex?" He didn't sound shocked, just confused.
“We,” John said. “You mean we.”
You are exciting, enthusiastic, energetic, zestful.
I was lightheaded. Giddy.
Following him, John asked, “What are you doing?”
Mary.
Grabbing the baby monitor, she carried it and the pregnancy test back into the living room. Rosie was still sleeping peacefully. She set the monitor on the coffee table and pocketed the pregnancy test after looking at it one more time, then she pulled out her phone and sent a text to John.
Sherlock nodded, though he couldn’t stop his sobs. He should be over this by now. He didn’t understand why he wasn’t. He’d faced other potentially traumatic events in his life and had simply shrugged them off, barely pausing to notice. Now his mind was inventing new ways to torment him by creating assaults that had never even happened.
John looked at his sub with admiration. “Amazing. Simply extraordinary.” He had to have the most brilliant, astounding sub in all of England, no, make that the world.
With a sigh, the detective stood up and shoved his still shaking hands into the pockets of his Belstaff. "No," he said almost absently. "We can take his car." He wanted to get back to Baker Street and lock them both inside where no one would intrude upon them, where it was safe.
Sherlock looked up with him, wearing a shaky smile. "You never think. You're an idiot." He held out a hand, clearly expecting to be helped up.
Hugga Bugga
“Hold on, pet. Hold on. I promised I would make feel like you’d been split in two. Do you feel it? Tell me.”
Even with the pillows dividing the bed, it was against John's better judgment, but he couldn’t say no to Sherlock, not when he used that tone and actually said please. “Alright.” John walked around the bed and climbed in the other side. He rolled onto his side facing Sherlock. “Night, Sherlock.”
You are the last thing I think about as a fall asleep.
The moment the older lady opened the door, Mary thrust Rosie into her arms. “It’s an emergency. I need you to watch her. Please. John and Sherlock have been abducted.”
Sherlock stood and made his way to stand by the doctor. He paused,  then placed his hand on John's shoulder. “I'll be alright. I just need to think.
Sherlock wrapped his Belstaff tightly around himself, trying in vain to hide. He was going to be forced to apologise after all.
They stayed like that, John's head in Sherlock's lap, for a long time.
“Good, sir. More, please.”
"We can't be boyfriends. We haven't..." the detective broke off, his voice faltering.
“Sherlock!”
John didn’t say anything, but secretly thought it was cute.
The detective reached out and jiggled the doorknob. “It’s still locked.”
“And later tonight, I will pleasure myself while you watch. You won’t have permission to touch me or yourself. How does that sound?”
“I. Am. Bored,” Sherlock declared again, and then he started working on the zip. When he got John's jeans unfastened, he started mouthing at the doctor's cock through his pants.
“No,” the doctor said firmly. “It's better this way. Revenge never-“
When Sherlock managed to prise his mouth open, John was left holding the block of soap. It had been bitten nearly in two. Both men stared at it, surprised.
Before I met you, everything was drab and boring. No one and nothing caught my interest. But you, you are endlessly fascinating. I cannot look away from you, nor do I wish to. I am content to be captured by you.
John chased his orgasm relentlessly. Each thrust into his boy's hot, tight heat shifted him up the bed. The sounds Sherlock made drove him nearly to a frenzy. When he finally came, it was sudden and fierce. He shuddered through it, then collapsed on his boy's back.
“Very well. I have brought a security detail along to assure her safety,” the government official assured her.
The sub's knees went weak. It was only Mycroft's grip on him that kept him from falling to his knees. His cock had already got hard in his trousers, and he was aching to be touched.
“I searched my mind palace with Doctor Dieter's assistance. There is a locked door. I am sure that my memories are behind it, but I can’t get through.” He sounded incredibly discouraged.
“Gregory.” Mycroft pulled the DI close and kissed him. “I trust the rest of your day was good.”
“Oh,” John said, and then he fell silent. After a bit, he placed a hand on Sherlock’s thigh. “I do, you know. Love you. How did you miss that? “
“Is it a good one?”
Teasingly, he unbuttoned the cuffs of his shirt, then he started on the button that sat just below his suprasternal notch. His long fingers seemed to make love to each button as he worked lower and lower, pulling the tails of his shirt out of his trousers and letting it slide off his shoulders, down his arms. With a half smirk, he folded the shirt and set it on the chair in the corner.
“There were, but... Sherlock and I were touching more. We still are, some, if he sees it coming, but, well, there was a misunderstanding and some things might have been said. Since then...” John shrugged.
“Oh, look who's jealous,” Mary teased.
After several minutes, Sherlock extricated his hand from the doctor's and, standing to his full height, turned around to face Greg. His face was completely blank. It chilled the DI to see the sheer absence of emotion on Sherlock's face. Greg glanced at John and the doctor shrugged. Apparently John had noticed the detective's lack of expression as well.
John walked around 221C, exploring the dungeon. The bedroom had a large bed with a suspension system over it. The bathroom was kitted out with an enema system and an fully-stocked emergency kit. In the kitchen, there were ample finger foods and water. And the living room held its own suspension system and a Saint Andrews Cross. The sheer number of toys available was mind-blowing. In short, it was perfect.
