He turned from the computer, where he'd been entering orders there in the Covid ICU. "Yes?" Ashley, one of the nurses, had addressed him, and there was a hopeful tone to her voice.
John had been trying to hold in his laughter and failed miserably. "You do realise, you madman, that this is a caricature of a frog, and by definition, all of it is impossible. Not meant to be realistic at all."
Windows tight, upstairs doors closed, no curtains blowing, nothing leaking or otherwise problematic. The first floor, the same treatment. Gusts of wind whipped and howled, driving rain clicking and clinking, with the accompanying sounds of branches and such outside groaning and creaking.
He flipped on the torch feature on Sherlock's mobile to inspect the wound again - and it flickered a few times, flashing the red low battery indicator, and then went dark.
"I appreciate this," John mused aloud, and was impressed at how the words rang true as he spoke them. "For so many reasons."
The exploring hand shifts to the back of John's head, gently and lovingly, drawing John's head closer to the space between them. Sherlock angles his own head, presses uncertain lips against John's temple and rests there for a few moments. Warm exhales heat the air between them, their breathing synchronises. Their bodies settle deeper together, comfortably intimate. Just before John drifts off in slumber once more, he is vaguely aware of the lightest brush of Sherlock's thumb against the back of his shoulder. He burrows in, savouring the stillness. And the sweet,
Little victories indeed. And if the principle of learning obedience was one small victory at a time, John was all for that.
By the time John did actually think he might begin to nod off, Sherlock was several minutes into his observations that juxtaposed respiratory rate, heart rate, eye movements, sighs, and the first twitches of myoclonus. All in all, Sherlock felt, not a bad beginning to the day.
"Don't pull. And you’re catching your IV site." Warm fingers not his own pressed down on his wrist. "You're okay." The hand was warm on his arm but felt oddly distant, as if it didn't belong to him. "Deep breath." He attempted to comply, then again tried to twist his head away, trying to dislodge the device under his nose. John's voice, "Open your eyes. Test's all done now." The plastic piece in his nose was reseated, and there was a pat on his shoulder, followed by John's voice again. "I see you frowning, know you're awake. Sort of." There was another wave, a drifting, and heaviness settled back over him and the fingers on his wrist disappeared. "Whatever, resting is good too," came the muttering near him.
"Years." Mycroft managed to hold his own under the doctor's studious manner, the way his eyes seemed to be looking intently at him. Through him. "I'll be requesting, when it's time, the names of some rehab facilities to choose from. Perhaps one that deals with recalcitrant, refractory clients ..."
"How high is your fever?" John asked, already hearing and sensing that things had grown much, much worse. There was some noise, shuffling, perhaps the mobile being adjusted. Or dropped? "Dan?"
Many months later, Sherlock's return is so traumatic that John can neither breathe deeply nor close his eyes.
For a lot of years, marking the end of summer holiday, they'd been coming to a borrowed cottage in the woods not far from Sussex. Just from renting it regularly, they'd become somewhat acquainted with the owner, the area, and now and again had helped with some maintenance around the place. Mostly though, it was a getaway, a long weekend for just the three of them. The setting, rural but not completely isolated, enough creature comforts, in great shape, and perfect for what they needed it for.
"No." The edict was emphatic and serious. The car door opened, and in a whoosh of long coat, Sherlock burst out of the vehicle and headed for their door. The continuous barrage of "no" could be heard even as their 221B door opened. "No. No. No..."
In the few minutes Sherlock is gone, John actually drifts off himself, and only awakens when Sherlock begins to ease Rosie away from him. "Shh," he cautions. "I already carried the cot up, let me help you up with her." Although a bit clumsy in the execution, shortly, Rosie is asleep upstairs and they creep from the room.
"We'll see," Mrs. Hudson said, trying to conger up enough seriousness to pull off the knowledge that it was unlikely.
An empty stretcher, stripped of linens, sits askew in the room, brakes still off, clearly recently vacated and shoved back into the room in a rush. The monitor still alarms, disconnected, the top display reading three question marks in a row. Although nothing is being actively monitored, there are several historical blood pressures remaining on the screen:  78/30, 69/34. The time stamp on the monitor is about thirty minutes previously, he sees and curses the traffic that delayed him. As he steps closer to read the numbers, he hears someone clear their throat behind him.
Sherlock called - well texted of course - me today, there was a case. Rosie was just about to go in for a nap. When I begged off, there was radio silence. I know he gets it. It was only slightly better than last week when he summoned me while I was at work. I couldn't go then either.
Sameer didn't want to, and tried hard not to, but he let out a little giggle as John tried to slide the shoes over Sameer's fingers. "No, not there." Sameer's voice was tentative and wavery, but at least he was interactive.
"Where are your shoes?" John ignored the dull headache that still remained, even after these long days that had stretched into almost a week. "You need to leave for school."
"Your back is next." John stood up just enough, briefly, so that he could tuck the blanket up, folding it along Sherlock's side and then gave him a faint nudge, turning him up on his side away from him, a log roll that still kept his front covered. "Good, just like that." He brought another cloth out and began at Sherlock's neck, swiping in a curve just under Sherlock's hairline, then across his shoulders, working slowly, thoroughly, carefully over his upper back. The scars were only barely noticeable any longer, light and pink, healed. He dipped the cloth in at Sherlock's waist, wrapping around best he could at his sides, covering everything he could reach. "Easy now," he said quietly, giving appropriate caution at the intimacy of what he was about to do, lowering the cloth to one toned buttock and then flipping it to do the other. He then folded it, saving the final wipe of the cloth for the crease before setting it aside again on top of the cloths he was already done with. "Turn back," he whispered, guiding him with a hand.
"Long as we're clear then, I have no problem with that." If Sherlock expected more protestation, he did not seem surprised as John continued, nodding his head toward the other man's waist. "Trousers. Off." The order was calm, direct, flat. "And then the rest."
One of the people with him touched his shoulder, gestured that they'd be close by. "Fine," Dan said to them as they left.
. "All right, then. Hope that doesn't bruise too much," he says. "My condolences, John. Having to deal with this at home? Good luck." He chuckles as he sympathetically pats John on the shoulder, still shaking his head as he exits the room.
a little bit about Laila. He had her as a mama for almost eight years." John paused while the words were interpreted. "And she did an amazing job with him." In the next pause, John continued, and a softness bloomed in Sonya's eyes as the words were relayed. "He is a wonderful child. Resilient."
And even better, he got the impression from time to time that he was actually managing to help people.
The next shift John was scheduled for started off with a flurry of incoming calls. No sooner would he finish with one when it would ring again. And so in the hustle of the shift, in the final hour he heard the door open and expected one of the other workers, so when he looked up with that in mind, he was surprised to find a stranger.
John met Sameer at the doorway, having heard him bound up after answering the door. "I got invited with a school friend to see a movie and then his parents said we'd get dinner. I think we're getting burgers." John could see the excitement in Sameer's face as he added, "Can I go?" Over Sameer's shoulder, in the doorway off Baker Street, he could see both the friend and the parents nodding, waiting. He knew them peripherally. "Please?"
"I've spent the better part of a week worrying that you weren't going to survive, let alone wake up intact neurologically. So count your bloody blessings. This is not something that usually gets done for anyone, and you should be at least somewhat appreciative." The nurse had initially been reluctant to interrupt the infusion, until John reminded her that the infusion was stopped prior to the blood being drawn, since they can only use one arm. He assures her that he will keep the interruption under ten minutes. He is actually thinking Sherlock only has enough energy for five.
"I'm surprised he isn't already here. And no, of course I'm not texting him. As if he'd make this - or you - any more enjoyable."
John spoke immediately, calmly, "Yes, I can imagine that reducing variables would make sense. Sort of." He brought up the 999 Emergency Text service on his computer and sent off a flurry of words, using caution to keep his fingers, the keyboard, keystrokes quiet underneath his voice as he continued to talk on the phone. "Instead, let's talk a little bit more ..."
"Can I, can we --" John rises to his feet, anxious to see him. Sitting in the waiting room, imagining the worst, he realises, is god-awful and he doesn't think he can stand it for another minute. He is quite familiar with the procedures, the discomfort, the sedation, the restraints that are being used, and hopes Sherlock isn't too agitated, too angry, too distressed.
"Out of the question." John holds the plastic gadget and raises a brow. "Flat. With that IV catheter," and John touches lightly Sherlock's leg, "here at the top of your leg, it feeds that medicine directly into the blood clots in your lungs, you have to be absolutely as still as possible, give it time to work."
He breathes deep, inhaling the scent of nerves and sweat and salon hair products and an expensive tuxedo. It will have to be enough.
Home is Baker Street, I suppose, but home even more importantly is with Sherlock and Rosie. The two of them are ... adorable together and in all likelihood the best things that have ever happened to me. It feels ... right and complete.
John carries their clasped hands to his lips. "I promise." The kisses dapple the knuckles he can reach and his breath ghosts over their fingers. "There's no where else I'd rather be."
Sherlock's brow raises. "And you accused me of not knowing how to play the game. That's the point. Hasten and facilitate the discharge to home."
The hospital hallways overnight were dimly lit, an ethereal almost ghoulish quality, but Sherlock barely noticed anything as he followed the signs toward John's room, his shoes smacking smartly in rapid, confident but hurried steps. A man in a suit, one Sherlock didn't recognise outright but knew immediately was one of Mycroft's, was seated on a chair in the hallway, keeping watch, close enough to get involved if something was needed while not disturbing anything or anyone.
"You should go home," Sherlock snarls as dinnertime grows closer, having refused to order anything. "Just leave already."
"Indicates worse bleeding, to be honest. But this feels very surface to me. Localised. The actual puncture site." He lightens his tone and increases the pressure for a few, knowing that reducing the haematoma can help stabilise things. "Least the coughing stopped. For now anyway." He checks the time again, then makes sure that Sherlock's foot isn't purple or white - pressing too hard - and that he's not grimacing in off-the-chart pain.
When Sam was calm enough to listen, John soothed him further, explaining, "Your mama getting sick had nothing to do with taking care of you. It was not your fault." Sam clearly didn't believe him given the sad look about him. John tried to explain it differently. "The disease she had was just one of those terrible things. Nothing she did caused it, and it was nothing you did." Sam shuddered a bit, exhaling fiercely, then left his eyes closed as he seemed to finally settle and lean more comfortably on John's shoulder. "Not your fault," he whispered again. "Do you understand me?"
("No, Sherlock, you cannot go for an entire day without food or water. No, Sherlock, you cannot cut a window in your cast because it itches. Or for any other reason. No Sherlock, you mustn't stick needles into your toes. Actually, Sherlock, it is a good idea to sleep occasionally to let your body and your mind rest. Stop it, Sherlock, no you may not shave my head. Or draw my blood without permission. And no, I'm not about to give you permission, you nutter.")
John shifted slightly, sitting on the edge of the bed, nudging at Sherlock's body to move him over a little. He opened the pack, removed one of the soft, fleecy cloths. Tucking the packs back inside the towel for insulation, he took Sherlock's arm into his own, holding it aloft so that it rested against his own arm, fingers up toward his own face, and he began to wipe. The cloth was cozy warm, tender, sliding over Sherlock's palm, fingers, wrist. Down the length of his arm, circling the elbow, his upper arm. The skin left behind had a faint sheen that quickly evaporated, clean, fresh, relaxed. He attended to the top of Sherlock's shoulder, over the bicep then finished with the first cloth gently in his axilla.
John dipped his head to hide the grin, and Sam caught the gesture, realising only then, that Sherlock was having him on, and his eyes narrowed in disbelief and mild annoyance.
"It's a bit of a commute." The office manager was aware of the distance from where John'd told them he was living and said they could attempt to offer flexible hours that wouldn't require peak travel to cut down on frustrating traffic and delays.
John shrugged, offering back, "Looks as expected." He kept to himself that the fasciotomy scars, which traveled length-wise along each side of his calf were clean and healing very nicely. It was a huge relief to see, since they'd been out of sight under the cast these long weeks - and he'd been a little worried about infection or a large, gaping, open scar. "Looks good, actually."
"I know. It wasn't even fun." With a sigh, he drew up his legs, let the roll of the car and the sounds lull him to a less boring place, the temporary escape of sleeping. Or if not, he knew, the appearance of it and some non-responsiveness would at least get his wearying brother to shut up.
her or anything." John holds his words, knowing that choosing battles here is the wisest course of action. "Unless she's completely incompetent."
"Sit," John said gently when the dog returned, tennis ball hanging out one side of his mouth, tongue out the other. Slime was abundant from both. Obediently, he fell to a jumble at John's side, set the ball down, and raised his snout up for John to rub. "Good boy."
Who demanded cigarettes regularly, claiming that it kept him off the harder, more objectionable substances.
No more than five seconds elapsed before Lydia was answering Mycroft's ring on her mobile. She had not yet gone upstairs to bed, but moved away from the hallway to be sure as not to disturb Rosie. Rather than a typical greeting, she didn't waste a moment on banal pleasantries, mince words, nor try to sugarcoat anything. "You should know better than to request details via unsecured text message."
He pocketed the partially charged mobile, changing his mind. The last thing he needed was for his brother to discover the extent of the desperation within him.
Mycroft was instantly and pervasively annoyed. "I see. And yet it falls to me each time? If not me, then to whom?" He could see that the doctor was poised to answer the question but he interjected first. "Tell me, doctor, do you have a younger brother? One that you've helped raise, one that has a genius IQ and that is so wholly misunderstood by people who mean well but ..."
He talked with the nurses, reminding them about the various options, the reasons for hope, and acknowledged the incredible challenges of caring for one of their co-workers, the personal care, the emotional toll. A couple of times he would find one of the nurses, and occasionally a consulting physician, somewhat distraught over something or other, often times related to having one of their own as a very seriously ill patient. Most often, it was mitigated with a few calming, encouraging words, a sympathetic smile. Occasionally it seemed to need a careful side-hug or a quick, more direct hug. They needed it, at times, and understood the concept of benefit-risk. John told Sherlock a few times how the staff had bonded and fought side-by-side. He overheard comments a few times that if it weren't for the support of the staff, many of them thought of - and probably would have already - quit. There were times when he needed to remind himself of all of the things the rest of the staff was looking to him to provide - answers, and hope, and perseverance.
"Why on earth --" Sherlock began quickly and then realised John was teasing him and that he had failed to pick up on it. "Cretin. You're as interested as I am and you know it."
Scrolling slowly, Sherlock's thumb trembled and hovered over Mycroft's name in his contact list. He could ask for money outright, for groceries or something. He thought about asking for rent money even though he wasn't really staying anywhere and owed no rent. He thought about giving some sob story or other about meeting someone down on his luck and asking for assistance. Useless, really. Mycroft would see right through all of it and then belittle him mercilessly for the lie and the behaviour.
I did not write this to open the floor to vaccine debate. Kind comments are welcome, however, just know that I share John's sentiment that it is a safe option and important for herd immunity and to fight this virus [and get out of my way when it's available]. My facility like most is not mandating it but they are providing it to frontline workers.
John understood. The words and the non-words coming together. "So when they hooked you up, it was all normal." He watched the single nod. "Good news, actually." John set the coffee down, knowing his word choices would matter. "So it'll take some time to get used to this. To being aware without ... panicking, I guess. It's new, you've never - we've never - done this before. I'll help you --"
Bringing his hand back up toward their faces, he pressed a finger into his own mouth, into Sherlock's, dipping into the moist heat, before making the trip back down to Sherlock's lower body. "Please, just let it out, god yes, for me," and his hand delved lower. Sherlock adjusted his knees, tilting his pelvis up toward John's seeking hand. John wriggled a slicked finger very neatly, gently, and slowly inside.
"Now back to your wrist. Control your breathing, slow and steady. Now a big inhale, slowly, then hold it in while you feel. Increased intrathoracic pressure almost always slows your pulse, let it build, keep holding. Now let it out and breathe normally, your pulse will rise. Feel the difference?"
"It's not evidence." Both of them could hear the defensiveness, the excuse in the words. "Well, not active evidence."
A few minutes later, the cake was mostly gone and enjoyed by them all, and Rosie had opened gifts - a new mobile from John and Sherlock, a necklace from Molly, a set of coloured pens and a journal from Mycroft.
"That is quite enough, ta very much," John said, but he was chuckling at Sherlock's impish words, delivery, and pouting expression on his face.
John glanced over. The one written in Dari was right where Sameer had left it, on the couch. The version in English had fallen to the floor, and had remained untouched and crisply folded from being in the envelope.
John hugged him close once more, then let his arms relax. Usually, Sam would pull away almost immediately. This time, he didn't move. John closed his eyes, smiling, enjoying the way Sam's head tucked under his chin as they stayed there.
"You would need a place to stay. Someone to stay with ... I mean, there is a tremendous amount of details that would need to be lined up." He glanced at Sherlock. "All the travel."
Meanwhile, Lydia makes a gesture toward John that releases him from the task of introducing them, holds out a hand toward the bed, where Sherlock is reclining. "Lydia. Rosie's temporary au pair. Nice to meet you."
"Holmes?" He breathes, hearing the edge to his voice, the higher than usual pitch. "I got a phone call."
On cue, some vigorous laughter sounded from within the flat upstairs. John smiled, patiently reassuring him. Sherlock, after all, hadn't had the days of planning and plotting that John'd had. "Truly, they're fine."
"Yes. And other than that family get-away after the wedding, at that place Mycroft arranged, which was fine, I know, but that was all of us. We've never even had a proper honeymoon."
Sherlock stands in the bathroom, a hand on the sink to help support his weight. There is a stubborn set to his jaw. His gaunt, sunken jaw, John thinks.
I know I shouldn't complain but there it is. I'm tired. And my nose and ears are sore from this damned oxygen tubing. I tried going without it when no one was around and not only did my sats drop into the low eighties but I actually felt particularly air hungry and had some chest tightness. So there's that answered, yes I need it. But it doesn't mean I have to like it.
The mobile vibrates, an unknown number, so John slides it unanswered back into his labcoat side pocket as he enters the room of his next patient. The visit is mostly routine except for the niggling sense that something is brewing. The patient has too many odd presentations, and as he orders the requisite lab tests to determine how bad the bad is going to be - he knows it, senses it, intuition a learned skill - he also notes that the message, the voicemail, is lengthy. The sense of foreboding grows, but he spins the situation as positively as he can. "Truly, there's no need to be alarmed. We're going to order some tests, get some more information, and then you and I will review it all at your next appointment, sir. All right? Trust me, I'll tell you everything - but right now there's nothing to tell. Okay?"
He brushed a fingertip over his nose, feeling the raw, reddened, tender skin, which was not usually sensitive but over the past week definitely showing signs of abrasion, of prolonged pressure. In the mirror, his hands caught his gaze too, rough, red, dry from incessant washing, sanitising, scrubbing, and being encased in gloves so frequently throughout the day. His ears, sore and even more noticeable but usually hidden under his hair. Elastic straps from the constant wearing of the various procedure masks and N95s, faceshields, and caps had taken their toll. Some of the nurses had sewn buttons on their hats or headbands; one of them had gifted him with one in navy with a caduceus print on it. He'd left it in his locker for the following day, but not before noticing that it indeed had low profile buttons sewn on it. He actually was looking forward to see if it helped or not.
Sherlock is blissfully asleep, hasn't moved a trace. Long eyelashes are illuminated by the faintest light from behind the curtains. Sherlock's cheeks are still angled, pale, a bit sunken. His mouth is just the faintest bit slack under the oxygen still in place. The covers are up near his chin as he lies curled on his side. Soft light and soft shadows wrap around his head, his hand resting next to the pillow. The duvet moves very slightly up, then faintly down again along with Sherlock's rib cage as it expands, relaxes as he breathes. His hip, his legs, are completely unmoving. The backlit screen that reads out on the pulse oximeter further assures him that Sherlock is okay. That he is stable.
One of the medics stared right back at him, standing quite still, one hand on his hip and the other held out calmly to silence the rest of the room. Unrushed, he spoke. "Sure. We'll turn right around then. No problem."
Be well. Please continue to take this seriously enough that you don't risk yourself or your family more than necessary. Some regions (mine included) are getting there. Don't slack off now.
." The shirt was opened, slid to the floor with a simple extension of Sherlock's arms and a quick shimmy. "Because I'm thinking this is a self-serving demonstration of yours. Not that I'm complaining. And barring pain play, bloodshed, or the addition of another person, I'm likely to be inclined to humour you on almost all of your deepest fantasies."
Out on the kerb was a small group of uni students, walking. They were blurry and warbling despite his deliberate blinking.
John interrupts, looking to reorient him rather than let him talk too much. "You're in the hospital, Sherlock. Blood clot in the lungs."
John can only nod, and then, as Dawn tries to soothe the patient, he adds, "Can't say as I blame him. Pretty sure I'd hate it too."
"No." The doctor sighed, this just one more battle in his busy shift, of the unexpected injury, illness, accident, and terrible diagnoses. A bad day for everyone usually. "He needs IV fluids, nausea meds. IV pain meds."
Quickly John interjected, "No." Although he wanted to put his face in his hands in chagrin - good lord, where did she come up with this stuff, anyway? - he was half afraid to take his eyes off the room.
"Actually," John said, again wondering at how he seemed constantly outnumbered, "both languages sounds like a very good idea. And it might be fun, practice your English writing," John said, effectively overruling Sherlock's playful idea. "Speaking of, you seemed to do very well today. Your English skills are very good now, aren't they?" John complimented him, and of course, meant it. "That had to make you feel good inside."
The nurse from the night before, Rob, is back, and arrives with a tech in tow to escort Sherlock and the massive amount of equipment he requires for transport, back to the ICU.
"Tea tastes terrible in plastic or disposable cups," John explains, recalling all the previous times when there had been no choice. "And he's a bit of a connoisseur." Bobbing her head as she understands and agrees, moments later, she disappears.
Time for the disclosure. "So you need to know that it tends to run in families. Perhaps a little more common in females, but there is a definite link with familial heredity." Had John not been watching for it, he may have missed the slight pupil flare, the faint hitch in the other man's breathing. "I recommend that you discuss screening with your primary physician at your earliest convenience."
"It's addressed to me." Sameer was somewhat surprised, and he picked up the medium-sized box to shake it, consider its weight, and hold it for a moment.
Until one day, it is remedied. There is a burst, an onslaught of memory, of pain, of his best mate and more, his cherished other half: His husband. In the moment he feels all of it, realises words are on his tongue: oh god I love you so much. It is the worst migraine imaginable, grief, loss, pain of separation.
"You've made a lot of progress. You've helped a lot of people. You aren't in a dark place any longer." There was a pause, Ella's hands still and quiet in her lap as she thoughtfully considered John's expression. "Are you?"
Doctor-speak for he didn’t make it. Died. The words strike fear in his very core, and John blinks hard as he forbids himself to get upset.
I vacillated on the mobile phone for a ten year old. Parental choice in a work of fiction, so here it is.
The shower today was brisk, efficient, quick enough that his skin barely had time to wrinkle. Other days, it was mindless standing under hot, steamy water, drifting his thoughts usually toward nothingness save the steady heat, warmth, beating water pressure, the days dirt, aches, and stress giving way to the simple beauty of being clean. Mesmerising and soothing.
Loaded silence follows, and John knows not to rush it, not to prompt. Eventually, Sherlock posits, "I have too, I suppose. A few."
The evening was a delight for all of them. Rosie even appreciated the cooking process, helping a bit while wearing one of Mrs. Hudson's aprons that was so big on her it nearly dragged to her feet. The meal ended up being quite a success, and Sameer did finally confess that he absolutely, hands-down loved the lamb in the dish. Occasionally he'd had it with chicken, more often beans.
Rosie achieves a few milestones of her own, too. She adapts quite quickly to having the upstairs bedroom all to herself. John rationalises to himself that Sherlock might need him, that he will rest better in close proximity. He tells himself that it has nothing to do with being able to hold Sherlock's hand under the covers or the occasional drawn out, gentle, unrushed kisses they share.
And he almost always ended with a double encouragement:  "See you in three weeks, and congratulations on being half way there to immunised against Covid-19."
"Yes you do. Next?" When Sherlock looks away and refuses to answer, John pats at his leg. "I'm on your side here, remember? I'll help you with everything, you know that."
"No thanks. I only wanted one change made to this bedroom," and his arms came around John easily. "And it seems to be have happened already."
I remember him right in my face, his bright eyes and his worry lines and him holding my hand. And touching my shoulder. It didn't occur to me until later that I recognised the touch. It was familiar because he'd probably been doing it for a while. He was probably explaining things and nothing was processing. But he was there and I vividly recall thinking we were both dead.
Rock bottom, he thought once more, and his chest squeezed, his breathing shallow as the pain gripped him again. He could feel each squeeze of his myocardium, each cramping spasm of hypoxic muscle, could hear and feel the pounding in his ears and around his head. He realised he might actually be there - rock bottom - sinking in the muck and sludge, no further down to go. His hands felt disconnected, his legs still in his vision but seemingly belonging to someone else, his breathing shallow and slowing. The panorama in front of him collapsed around the edges, the tunnel shrinking, becoming narrower as the pain escalated further. Not for the first time, it occurred to him that he might not survive it. Much of him, despite the heart racing sensations, melted into the floor, his body, his hair, his breath, each cell weighted and heavy. It would be very easy to just let go. To simply breathe out, fall asleep, to give in.
The men stand huddled at her side, their arms brushing, and for the first time since Rosie'd taken ill, Sherlock finally feels he can dial back the high-alert. Sort of. Now John is here, and Rosie is better - not one-hundred percent yet, but on the mend, has turned the corner - that awful, nauseous ache in his chest expands, eases, abates.
"Just like I don't understand the entire, technical difference between extortion and bribery and coercion," John says, then smiles. Or tries to, but it doesn't reach his eyes, doesn't have much energy in it. "I'm glad you're here, mate. Thanks for ..."
John's lips disappeared into a thin line as he complied, knowing that Sherlock's aggravation was not specifically directed at him but at the situation.
Had Sherlock been a brawler, he might've punched a wall. Or better, his brother. And oh he was angry, seething at having been left in a holding cell for nearly three days. And he was shaky, hungry (the fare he'd been served, quite lacking), thirsty, and without a working mobile again.
The afternoon, Sherlock mostly is silent, a rare unhappy word spoken only when absolutely necessary. John tries to draw him out, finds that nothing pleases him on the few channels of television available in the hospital network, and his heart just goes out to the man stuck - trapped - in the bed. He slips out while Sherlock seems to be sleeping, wanders down through the hospital lobby, buys all three of the newspapers available and a small assortment of sweets. None of those matter to Sherlock, who doesn't actually even acknowledge John's efforts, his attempt, his presence.
Many times during the course of their busy week, John's locum shifts at the surgery, or Rosie's activities or school outings, that a text message was sent and the first reply was, 'I was just about to text you.'
"Just, stop," Sherlock whispered, his voice quieter and tighter than usual, slightly high pitched with anxiety and laboured breathing.
Sherlock was outside the doors of the rehab centre when John emerged a brief time later. His eyes sparkled as he took in the location. "You get asked to leave?"
"Before you go for the procedure, we'll have you use the loo, brush your teeth if you want, and you'll be taken over on a stretcher."
"Week or so," Sherlock breathed quietly, his eyes a little glassy. "Maybe longer. Off and on." Pausing a moment to glance at John, who met his gaze, he amended his statement. "Mostly on."
With a nod, John let his eyes closed. "Yes." He felt the weight lifting from his shoulders, his chest, and his mind as the decision cemented. For a few moments, he sat, feeling the warmth of Sherlock at his side, Sherlock's warm hand on his knee in solidarity and reassurance. Small feet on the steps grew louder and he looked over to see Rosie, smiling and carrying one of her baskets of small stuffed animals over to them. The three of them sat on the couch for a few minutes as Rosie shared a small made up story using most of the toys and by the time she was done, all of them were holding or wearing some stuffed creature. A few minutes later she had packed it all up and wandered over to something else.
"Which also takes land, to either use, borrow, or rent," Sherlock clarified. "Did your village have an area, like a central place, open space, that people could use?"
It is different than the trip earlier. Sherlock has a more stable airway which is good, but much more equipment and more people involved, more caution in doorways and manoeuvring hallways, overseeing the entire medical cluster, in and out of the lift. Once they arrive in the department, because it is regular departmental hours, there are more people to help. The staff don their appropriate gear and accompany Sherlock into the procedure room, leaving John standing in the holding area by himself, somewhat adrift. The emptiness John feels as the doors close, separating them yet again, is powerful and gnawing.
I am attaching my personal, private, non-disclosed mobile number for your use in the event there are urgent concerns or emergencies, particularly if you need assistance with #6 (which will affect #1) on the above list as Sherlock adapts to confinement while he heals. The last cast he wore, on his arm at age ten, was unskillfully removed by said ten year old and I do believe that he still bears the scars from his ungainly use of the handsaw.
He was waiting, simply allowing John to proceed. There were two cloths remaining, for Sherlock's front, which John exposed carefully to the waist, washing from shoulders, sternum, ribs, to wrap carefully along the dip, the mild swell of umbilicum and iliac crests. He drew the fleecy cover back up, then with the final cloth, washed Sherlock's lower abdomen, pelvis, pubic hair, shaft, bollocks, pressing lightly against his thighs, opening them, to gain access. He spent an extra moment wiping over Sherlock's outer hip over the faint fingertip marks, the indentations, from their recent encounter. They were not quite bruises, would fade rather quickly to flesh again. Their presence pleased him.
"Leave that in. You need it. Oxygen." Sherlock fusses a little, his hand working to wriggle out of John's grasp, and John tries a diversion. "Oxygen for your brain."
"John. Please. I know you, and that you're going to tell me anyway and that you're mildly uncomfortable asking for it, speaking up. So, here, I have opened the door wide for you to just blurt it out. What do you want?" Sherlock watched as John wrestled internally with how to say it, and when, or even if. Eventually, he stopped walking. John continued only a pace before stopping himself. Sherlock was giving John the opening, the opportunity, and some gentle impetus to speak up.
"I know. Almost there. Deep breaths, you're doing so well." He hesitated, wondering if either the doc or the anaesthetist had additional things to tell him, but they seemed quite content to let John continue. "So there's a little more medicine, feel it? It's helping you just fade off lightly to sleep. And you can close your eyes if you want, I'll keep talking ... or yammering ... while you do. That's it, good, keep them closed. It'll help. Deep breath." He made eye contact with the anaesthesiologist, who made sure John could read the syringe label, Fentanyl, and Allison offered John the bite block. At his gesture toward Sherlock's mouth, she nodded although it was with a question. John nodded back, trying not to sigh audibly. He didn't want to be the one dishing out the unpleasantness but knew it was probably best for Sherlock. "Okay, good, and I'm going to help with the bite block --"
"Believe me when I say that there is no finer man on the force than DI Gregory Lestrade." Greg is seated nearby, facing the room. "You will be missed. Thanks for your many years of service.
John pocketed his mobile, checking the kerb again, down the street, and turned his steps away from Donovan, where her warning about Sherlock and a body and kerb, still echoed in his head, the ominous prediction about the future. He tucked hands deep in his pockets, his collar already up against the chill, and he regained his bearings to location, knowing the general direction of Baker Street.
I RSVPd for the med school reunion in Scotland. Mostly, I need a break from the mundane, routine. Brings back another timeslide ... I remember telling Ella once that nothing ever happens to me, and then beginning the blog with that very statement. Shortly after that, I met Sherlock. I'm not a superstitious person but I don't think I would ever recommend saying that again. Ever.
With a confident voice and blue eyes that sparkled back at her, affirming, John spoke up. "I'm glad you were his nurse too. It was fitting."
"No." In the second after the statement, the physician on the other end of the mobile could feel the tension dissipate at the decision, the statement, the word that was uttered even as he vacillated at what the wisest answer was. He let his voice relax along with the hand that gripped the phone. "Leave him." He considered expounding on the opinion, that another hospital wouldn't be doing anything different, that UCL's patient outcomes were very good, that the doctors who had been caring for Sherlock were excellent, that the nursing staff was seasoned, competent, and well-educated. He left this out - if Mycroft wanted specifics, he would have asked.
John is still uncertain, and sighs as he seeks additional information from the nurse. "He's still --?"
Sherlock didn't budge, simply lay there, not offering an arm. When John cleared his throat in a somewhat quiet urging to cooperate, his glare got more annoyed.
A few others waited. An older woman anxiously twisting her skirt, her handkerchief, and her rings. A young couple awaiting word on one of their parents. A few others.
Moments later, Mycroft's smile had not faded one bit, and he found himself quite enjoying the meal, knowing that his brother had done well in rehab, that he was recovering and ... at least somewhat ready to move on with things. He was just beginning his second serving of plum pudding when from drifting down from upstairs, he heard faint, sweet sounds of the violin.
"I want to come with you now." He was being difficult for the sake of being difficult, John knew, but even knowing that, leaving wasn't going to be easy.
For as much attention as John usually paid to good nutrition, he was uneasy about it and did not engage. "Think I'll run up and check --"
Please let me know if there are still areas that are unclear. It's hard to find a balance in explaining things as we go or in just leaving details. I think I might have to get in a short, more fluffy chapter, set just a little bit in the future and keeping true to the premise without being a spoiler. I can only handle writing medical hardship for a little bit before caving and needing to offer some hope and more than a little bit of comfort.
Addiction. Depression. Be safe, be well. Reach out if you identify with where either situation becomes dangerous. Many resources exist - help is available.
"And Dr. Watson agrees?" He paused briefly enough only to see John nod affirmatively before continuing. "Then tomorrow. No further discussion --"
Shit, he'd not given much thought to the fallen tree, the inaccessible driveway. The still-driving rain. The storm.
A hand slides up against her bicep, warm, gentle, and then rests there. "They loved it here," her husband whispers from the well-used, rustic chair at her side.
John stands up, shaking feeling back into his arms as he cocks his neck, trying to crack the stiffness out of it, tries to blink the dryness out of his eyes.
John opens a piece that he knows Sherlock likes, sets it by the pillow, and for a few moments, Sherlock listens.
I really had intentions to resolve things with Mycroft and have a little ending story with him but there are RL demands over the next couple of weeks and if it doesn't finish now right this minute, well...  I'm just looking to get this final chapter out there.  Suffice it to say that there's a little plot bunny with Mycroft that would have gone sweetly.  Well, actually, knowing Mycroft it might start a bit sour first.  Like a Sour Patch Kid.  Maybe this spring.
"See you in the morning." She consulted a small folded paper in her pocket. "Probably before ten, but I'm not --"
Sherlock chuckled at that, knowing how much Sameer liked hanging out with Molly, how good they were for each other, Rosie included. "No worries. We'll both be going." Plans had already been made, and neither man would have wanted to disappoint the others.
"Thank you seems such an inadequate phrase. But it must be said: thank you, each of you, for answering the call, for all the ..." and surprisingly his voice breaks, much to his shock. The emotion of the moment, the poignancy of why they are gathered threatens momentarily to overwhelm, and he bites at his tongue, inhales, steels his resolve, " ... for all the care rendered in this unprecedented time. For doing really unimaginable things just as Mike already said, in really difficult circumstances."
"Oh please. If this were a close friend, or a family member, you'd be playing every angle imaginable, going the extra mile ..."
... and then his mind and his heart and his arms are full. Full in the best possible way. It is glorious and resplendent and Sherlock thinks for a moment that he will never let go.
With a bustle of activity, Rosie, Sherlock, and Sameer swept out of the flat with a minimum of fuss. They'd seen this brewing, Sameer's reaction to John's injury, and decided to continue as normal as possible, to keep goodbyes minimal and smoothly brief, and to make sure that it was Sherlock who did the actual delivery to school because Sameer separated a bit easier from him as opposed to John.
"Come on you," John says quietly, to Sherlock who is still sprawled out on his chair. The afternoon and evening have been on a much lower-key pace than the hospital. But unfortunately, John finds that Sherlock is just as ornery. And much less tolerant. "You'll be more comfortable laying down."
Indeed, he is winded, leaning heavily on the IV pump in his one hand, his posture even indicating that he is bone-weary, and a nurse asks if he wants a wheelchair to return to his room. The glare, had it not been superseded by concern for Sherlock's breathing, would have been priceless. And feral - but thankfully lacking actual danger to the recipient.
Of course, then, no one'd had any idea that mercury was actually dangerous when absorbed through the skin. Or inhaled for some reason. Or ingested.
Steady steps ascended the steps. Rosie was down for her nap and John had just straightened up, was enjoying the stillness and order of the flat. Knuckles tapped on the door, quietly, but John had already moved to answer it before there was more noise and the chance of disrupting the sleeping toddler.
Sherlock is indignant. "Maybe." He is looking for a rise and John is not about to give it to him. "Not worth it."
Sherlock's voice was rather nasal and higher pitched than usual as he scowled back at John. "Shu' up."
"Month and a half, actually." Sherlock grimaced, realising John was correct. "So, well," John nodded his head toward the waiting rental car that had he'd picked up earlier, and popped the bags in the boot. "I wanted to do something for you, for us. And to make it special. Just seems to me, we've hardly ever had time just the two of us. Seems there's always kids around. Or we're just too busy, or exhausted." He pulled the key from his pocket, offered it out to Sherlock with the implied offer that he could do the driving if he wanted. When Sherlock shook his head no, John continued, "So I thought this would be a nice gift to you. Our friends agreed. You've been so ... well,
or something (many apologies for that, but how could I not?!). The point was more about Mycroft being in a position to do something nice - which he ended up doing for both Sameer and Sherlock. Which of course benefited John too.
John made a clucking sound to distract them, then waited until Rosie was looking his direction, and held out his arms. "So yeah, sorry. Are we okay then?"
Kind eyes appeared in his field of vision. "Captain. I'm glad you're awake. You're okay. We're getting you ready for surgery. Stop the bleeding, okay? Shouldn't have to wait much longer."
unnecessary, shrugged again and let her next breath be calming. Settling. "She called me, his wife did, a few hours later, to say thanks again. And how comforting it was, how much she appreciated ... that she knew I was his nurse, working that day." The smile on her face then would have been hard to qualify - sad, puzzled, incredulous - "I couldn't even barely answer, I was in tears ... myself ..."
"No." Sherlock's eyes are even more glassy and he brings up his hand toward the oxygen in his nose. John doesn't blame him, although it is soft silicone, it is still a large apparatus and fairly snug in his nares. "I need ..." John grabs his hand before he can dislodge it. "My keys are in the kitchen ..."
John can feel his own pulse rate accelerate at the thought. It had been frightening each time Sherlock went into a procedure area before, when he was left to himself in another endless waiting room, tepid coffee in paper cups, thinking about his own breathing or other mindless distractions as opposed to what Sherlock was enduring and what possibilities, complications, problems might be on the horizon. The thought of doing it again is ... nauseating. Disturbing.
Through the open doors, John can see mostly just a bunch of surgical blue fields, towels, and several people attending to the center of the patient in the bed. Everyone is still masked and capped in there as the doctor takes the first door into the control room again and doesn't get close to what John is most interested in. Rather, in whom.
"No." A small bit of history reverberated through the back of Mycroft's awareness, wishing for previous Medieval times where he could have gestured with a regal finger,
It is like they're in their own little world, paying little attention to the rest of what's going on. They are relaxed, casual, and John sees that whatever Molly had been concerned about is no longer even in her thoughts. No one bothers them, though John and Sherlock cast the occasional curious, surreptitious glance in that direction from time to time. After a bit, they notice that Sameer's head is low, downcast, as Molly's phone is cast off and she is still speaking. Her eyes are wide and earnest. Sameer is listening, rapt, and no longer meeting Molly's eyes, as she assumes a bit more urgent posture as she talks quietly, softly, to him.
"Suit yourself." Trying to act annoyed, Sherlock made an attempt to pull the covers up to his chin and turn on his side away from where John stood but caught the IV tubing in the process. The gasp of discomfort and alarm almost instantly set John on edge.
Rosie tucks her feet under her, the nudge to her side with an elbow telling her it's time, break a leg, and get a move on. She smiles gleefully. As she stands, she catches sight of many looking in her direction. Papa, his silvery blond hair carefully styled, his eyes fond, his smile broad and loving. Next to him, his spouse, curls dark, the faintest gray at the temples and his sharp eyes narrow at her, a threat, a caution, a concern. She resists the urge to stick her tongue out at him, choosing instead to tuck it discreetly just under her front teeth where he will see and understand anyway. Laugh lines on both of their faces, her fathers, as they ease back in their chairs, ready.
"Yes," John agreed, giggling a bit himself while Sherlock stared at them both, his expression both horrified and confused. "As you wish." The movie, they all agreed, was much improved with the company, the blanket fort, and the multitude of pillows on the floor.
A handshake confirmed it, and Lydia's demeanor gentled. "I'll do my best, and hopefully you can be freed up to be there for your ..."
There was a faintly palpable electrical buzz in the room as both John and Allison waited for Sherlock to come to his own conclusions about the falsehood he'd just spoken. "You do now," John finally said, his tone light but matter-of-fact. "They're necessary. And it's okay."
They enjoy Rosie's continual eating antics, her spirit, and Sherlock's lunch is delivered on a tray, but, as John begins to eat the lunch that Lydia had thoughtfully included for him, he realises that Sherlock is quite apparently not interested in his own but in John's. A trade is made, and it is only a little bit later that Rosie has eaten everything she wanted and is bored. John takes her by the hand and they walk the halls, and when they return, the other things that are in her bag don't interest her in the least. A quick text to Lydia and she comes back to rescue Rosie.
Allison stood patiently waiting, watching, as the medication entered the IV tubing, gauging Sherlock's reaction. Although he still was obviously awake, his face was less tight. And it eased more over the next minute or so after the last dose.
He opens the curtain, the door, steps into the hallway. Sherlock's nurse, Sheila, catches his eye, and John just holds his gaze steady for a few moments. "All yours," is all he says, and Sheila looks back into the room. Her smile, her demeanor, grateful, and she picks up Sherlock's meds that are still in the cup from the computer workstation as she enters.
He grouses a little. "There's just no end to my lucky streak, now, is there?" His caustic words, the sarcasm, are unmistakable.
And now he lay awake, sleepless, wondering about the fragility of life and if anyone had reached out to his former mate. How lonely, isolated, despairing had he been? He wondered if things were different, if the names were changed, if there would be a group text about him if something ...
She stood, pocketed her hands, and pleasantly considered them both. "Good question. We may never really know. Atrial fibrillation is the most common arrhythmia in the country, around the world probably. If we live long enough, most likely we will all end up with it." She addressed the personal explanation then. "For you, the smoking is a risk factor and you should quit completely and permanently." When Sherlock didn't answer except to glare at John's smile of approval at her statement, she continued again. "We'll check your thyroid levels while you're here. Sometimes even mild hyperthyroidism can exacerbate afib. And have you ever been screened for sleep apnea?"
John well can remember those dreams right after the fall, the perpetual nightmare, the every-bloody night shock and the sudden recall that Sherlock bloody Holmes had taken a big leap off a tall building, the panic and overwhelming sadness. The loss.
"Sinus arrhythmia. Biofeedback. Heart rate variability using increased thoracic pressures and respiratory impact."
Carefully, John brushed a hand over his leg, for comfort and grounding if nothing else. "I wouldn't know how to do it, really, but if you ever wanted to look into contacting anyone, we could ..."
It is completely new, foreign, and a somewhat intriguing frontier for Sherlock to explore. Sharing bodies, sharing feelings, sharing space - in many ways uncharted.
"It's cute," he said, and brought it to his face to appreciate the whisper-soft fur. "I think I'll take it upstairs."
In the wake of the gift, the room full of honour, John makes the rounds, congratulating a few, thanking many, and disappears unnoticed, exiting quietly out the door. His shoes make little sound along the sidewalk as he leaves the building behind him.
The skin, dry; chest, breathing; eyelids, flickering; there was even the reassuring tracing of Sherlock's heart rhythm - normal, thank god - displayed over his shoulder. It was steady, regular, standard configuration, the beats comforting as they marched in uniformity across the screen, the LCD green bright and constant.
The fact that Sherlock didn't pull away, that he didn't resist or insist he was fine, that he permitted John's touch, his monitoring, was completely uncharacteristic. He himself was worried. And in that, John found
The spasms start to ease as Sherlock focuses on slowing his breathing down, regulating the depth and rhythm to be the least amount aggravating. John says little, a few cues now and again, some reassurance, but he is sitting up too, his hand on Sherlock's back, feeling the wheeze and the muscle efforts and the tremble of the exertion. He is offering his presence, even though there is very little that can be done except wait.
The surgical theatre was still going for oncologic cases, so there was still the tissue pathology to analyse, and she was expecting a few more samples and slides later that afternoon.
Behind Sameer's back, Molly's hand comes up to her own face to wipe away her tears. She resolutely does not look at the other adults and steels herself with another smile. It is as sweet as it is resolute.
Sherlock mostly stops speaking. He uses the respiratory device now and again, half-heartedly, but his effort is minimal. John plugs in his mobile, sets it aside to charge, but even that doesn't seem to interest him all that much. He refuses lunch, but it a quiet refusal. John sits across from him, seeing the weaning of the oxygen not really getting anywhere, and it occurs to him that he almost prefers the argumentative, sassy refusals more than this reclusive, withdrawn version.
Opting to take control rather than react to Sherlock's somewhat understandable behaviour, John tried to smile, but it was a tightly veiled one. "How about we go sit on the couch, rather than in here. You can rest, put your feet up for a few, let things simmer down."
"He's been at the bedside all day. And yes, he's quite aware." From her vantage point at the desk, she could see the flashing of the monitor values, abnormal. In blue, the pulse oximetry, eighty-four, eighty-four, eighty-three. "John asked me to keep you abreast."
"It was fun. Doing something nice for someone that was, well, sort of -- mostly anyway -- a surprise."
"Idiot." The word, fortunately, was spoken with a large degree of fondness. "Tell me, Dr. Watson. What languages were the notes written in?"
It was one of those broken and repaired, handcrafted pieces. I wouldn't have remembered the term, but it was Kintsugi. Where a piece of pottery is painted and then broken - ruined - scarred, and then repaired, the broken pieces reassembled, the seams all lined up and sealed with a gold adhesive. It is ... well beyond description mostly, but there are leaves and vines and handpainted everything of course, and there is little bits of fruit on the vine and some accents on the pottery. The repair work is breathtaking. The hue and tint of gold really flattering, the lines course and rough and jagged where they're supposed to be. The overall work is perfect though which is funny to write because it isn't perfect, it's broken and repaired and flawed and so much more beautiful because of it.
Sometimes, a police officer:  I'm calling to notify you that he's being taken for medical care. Again. I suggest that you get him admitted.
She glances at the clock on the wall, looks back at John doubtfully. "I gotta get back, but ... they hopefully shouldn't be too long." She clearly doesn't want to leave John by himself, and can see that, despite his words, this is hard on him. "I can call ... I think Rob told me in report, someone else was here, his brother?"
The light in the room was dim but enough to see that the security guard exchanged a few quiet words with the nurse. Sameer stood in the doorway his face set, and John lifted a tired hand to beckon him over.
"Wishing is a futile waste of time." There was a faint huffing as John exhaled in frustration, in lingering self-flagellation. Sherlock's fingers tapped against John's temple. "I left scars on you too, you know." Without conscious effort, John's arms tightened comfortably, securely, fingers splayed and skin in close connection from shoulder to toes. Their skin, bodies, limbs, and breathing wove together. "And sometimes," Sherlock continued, his voice in a low, raspy register, "those invisible scars are just as bad, if not worse."
John had risen to his feet, ready to interject if needed, but it was Sherlock who answered. "You can't come in, Mrs. Hudson. Sorry."
"And you still choose to mess with her? Not exactly your best genius move. Good luck with that then." He thinks he has said enough, but ends with, "A little cooperation goes a very long way."
Dr. Benton tries to smile, but there is a seriousness that is impossible to miss, as he says, "This is not up to you."
"Sure." John didn't clarify that the healing fasciotomy scars were now impossible to actually see, and that they (the surgeon, Mycroft, Sherlock, and John) had gone back and forth between an elastic bandage wrap over a half-leg splint versus the fiberglass, fully wrapped, impenetrable, unremovable one Sherlock was given. They all knew, just based on the questions and the lack of compliance, that a removable one would stay more removed than not. And the fibula fracture on the most recent xray was not healing as quickly as the orthopedic surgeon would have liked. "Put that up. I'll fetch you lunch in a bit."
The glass tube, he would remember, had shattered in a few large pieces, but the mercury, well, now that was a whole different level of fun to play with.
? What kind of crisis worker are you anyway?" There was a disdainful snort. "Is that how they trained you to ..."
"Don't I know it. An expensive one." John sighed, feeling better that things were out in the open. "We could redecorate too, if you want?"
Please take this letter as final notice on my employment. I am resigning as of today, and as I have no further clients on my schedule, please consider this as my two week notice. Thank you for the position and I wish you and your company the best in the future.
Rosie was a normally good-natured one-year old, but this evening, she'd been sweet and precious, bubbly as she was apparently well rested, not teething, and overly happy with everything John - or Sherlock - gave her. She'd eaten dinner, enjoyed the atmosphere, been enamored with the candle Angelo'd brought (battery, thankfully), played with very simple everyday items, smiled along the walk home. John had bathed her, Sherlock had loitered in the doorway, leaning on the jamb, chatting and overseeing, on his mobile occasionally, and before long she was in fresh nappy, clean pajamas, and smelling of freshly washed baby, clean baby shampoo, and sweetly snuggly as John had prepared to go tuck her into the bedroom that they shared upstairs. He came back downstairs, empty-armed, to find Sherlock still motionless in the hallway, a bit lost in thought, and he didn't really look up in awareness until John was right in front of them.
Monozygotic twins - more typically known as identical twins - split into two separate individuals from one zygote. While there is no hard evidence or scientifically endorsed "proof" of the existence of twin telepathy, there are many examples of anecdotal evidence that makes the existence of twin telepathy difficult to fully disprove. Sharing DNA, thoughts, feelings, environments, and expected behaviours may explain some of the link or "sixth sense" between twins, but there certainly appears to be a greater connection. The Minnesota Twin registry, which began in 1983, has collected years and years of data on all kinds of twins and their families. The examples of twin connection and communication are often the sense that something has happened, the feeling of a strong emotion, physical pain in an area in which the other twin has been injured, the sharing of knowledge without speaking, and there are also many stories of what has happened when one twin dies.
"We'll catch you on the way back out, you can help push the bed up to ICU." There is a sparkle in the nurse's eye, and a good deal of confidence. They stop, don head coverings and masks, then disappear into the procedure room.
"It's only one more night. And then you'll be free." John spoke the words out loud, meaning them as much for the nurse as for Sherlock.
One foot tripped over nothing, his legs giving out, and the person at his elbow leaned in, holding him upright while the other officer opened the door to the back of the panda car. "Watch your head."
Mycroft summoned all his internal strength to refrain from an explosive, reactive response. His breath, carefully drawn in, was quiet. "That is not the question I asked of you."
"You've been taking care of me, too, from time to time," John's voice was low, quiet, sincere. "We all need it."
John tucks Rosie on his hip and begins to fix her morning toast, but Lydia intervenes, taking the breakfast task from him, setting out blueberry jam, and fills then hands Rosie her sippy cup as John holds her, standing by the table in the kitchen, talking to each other very casually. Rosie listens and watches them both, and finally John sets her in her high chair. She burbles, chortles, and eventually throws the cup over her shoulder with a shriek. He retrieves it, gives her a faux glare, and says "Perhaps you should hang onto this." It gets placed in front of her, and Lydia smiles and shakes her head, entertained, at the way he interacts with her, talks to her, the faces he makes.
"She's having fun, but I have to say, once you leave, I don't think I'm going to pick up where you left off."
Sharply, he cuts his gaze to Sherlock, alarmed. "Right. With all sorts of trouble to get into." He doesn't need to elaborate on what kind of trouble - boys, alcohol, or worse - and sighs not for the first time today. "Maybe I should --"
Looking puzzled, Sam shook his head, and John pulled out his tablet, did a very small amount of online searching. "In Afghanistan, in Dari, Sameer means evening conversationalist, it says."
John was at the bottom of the stairs almost immediately. "Tell me," he said quickly, noting the pallor along with flushed cheeks, the way he pressed a hand to the right side of his belly as he descended. And the way he was hunched over as if standing upright would have been terribly uncomfortable.
"He really had himself worked up, didn't he, if the sedation's still got this much of a grip on him." The nurse checked on them fairly frequently, mostly from the doorway.
Fitting. He would have snorted if he'd had the energy. As it was, he'd binned the useless, broken mug, tea remnants and all, and thought caustically about the parallel between the mug and his bloody life.
It hadn't been easy, or comfortable, or smooth the first few times they'd dabbled in this sort of activity. But both of them pushed past it, to acknowledge if not in words in action that whatever they found acceptable, comfortable, and fulfilling between the two of them was okay. And John had considered their previous times, where they were now, what he thought he might still like to do, and had something ... not exactly new, but novel for them for the evening yet ahead of them. They were, if nothing else, quite safe with each other. He trusted Sherlock to speak up if he didn't like something, or needed more time. He would certainly do the same.
Following the softness in Sonya's expression came immediately something deeper, a sorrow and uncertainty, and she looked at John and then down toward the floor. "Not a day goes by that I don't regret what happened."
"Neither are any of us." John knows Sherlock's intolerance for frustration, his impatience, are going to be challenging.
Which Sherlock did, and after a moment, he spoke again, more low key. "Would you write something down for me?"
John can feel his heart pounding, skin tingling, knows some of the chemical equations for catecholamine surging, vasodilatation, pupillary response, and baroreceptor mediation of respiratory rate and depth. He pays it absolutely no attention, though, as he hurriedly tosses a few notes at the cab driver -
John cleared his throat again, pressing onward before Sameer asked anything else or picked up on Sherlock's rather obvious demeanor. "You can call him, if you want. Or when we get home, if you'd like, you could write something to him. A thank you note." John made the suggestion easily, and Sameer seemed to give it some consideration.
Sherlock had been called to a crime scene to help sort out the details, the note, the confusion, and the strange evidence left behind. Although the specifics were yet to be fully known, there had been substances, a suicide pact, a history of depression, and isolation. The couple had left a cryptic note and it would be up to DI Lestrade to follow up on. But the despair, the high-risk behaviour, that had been apparent.
They chat a few more minutes with Molly bringing up other unrelated topics. Rosie toddles over a bit later holding the iPad, hands it to Molly.
The face Sherlock makes in response is quite cynical, the faint pout, a snort. Annoyed. He turns his head so that he is not looking at either John or the doctor.
Sameer was shaking his head at that comment. "You both have to go. Molly's coming over, and we have a movie and stuff all picked out already."
"It's so odd," John begins, having another sip of water and breaking off a piece of the fruit in front of him, "these clots, DVT to PE is common, I get it." John glances over as Dr. Benson arrives. "But the arm ..."
Two shorter chapters remain:  Returning Order to Baker Street (including bringing Rosie home and a mild medical bump in Sherlock's recovery), and (by special request) righting the incredible wrong of shortchanging the movie referenced earlier - with a re-watch. In a blanket fort.
John angled his head back into the crook of Sherlock's neck. "So I think you might have just admitted that our behaviour is important because the kids pick up on it and emulate it."
Some loud thumping, unidentifiable noise, came reverberating through the door and John listened carefully to decide if intervention was immediately required. It settled for the moment. "Are you staying nearby? Because I should get back inside before they ..."
"Do you? I was finally able to locate some surveillance from your little excursion these past days." He reached inside his jacket, slowly. "In fact, I brought some copies. Perhaps you both would like to see ...?"
More resting, more quiet, choosing his position upright (High Fowler's), more working to breathe, now that he thought back over it.
"That's enough," John said with a chuckle. "I can't decide if it's too early for tea or too late to go back to bed."
John smiled, unable to squelch the happiness just welling up within him, as well. "Come on, then. Let's go help pick one." He twined his fingers into Sherlock's and led him over to where Rosie was laying on the ground and Sam was sitting cross-legged, the puppies clamoring for places in their laps in order to lick at their smiling, giggling faces and romping about in excitement.
The words penetrate the haze he's been floating in, not exactly asleep. He snuffles, sit up, blinks a few times. "Yes, and it's John," he amends.
A frustrated morning finds Sherlock in his chair, slouching. Aggravated. He stares straight ahead, where a half pack of cigarettes sits on the coffee table in front of him. A lighter lies next to it. His eyes are solemn, riveted, and - John thinks - a little heartsick.
I'm also not necessarily recommending that anyone should just assume it's okay to spend the night in a patient room without permission. Though I do think in most cases there are benefits for patients and families.
"Okay." She glanced at both of them, and when no other questions or comments came, she nodded. "We'll see how things look tomorrow, all right?"
Hesitating, John wondered if something was truly wrong, that perhaps there had been microembolisms or something to Sherlock's feet, that something had happened. "What? Did you let the nurse know?"
He removes the first piece of glass with magnet and shavings, sets it aside, places another piece of glass.
"No, I'd like to see," Sherlock demanded, his obstinance also ramping up in response to whatever bizarre sibling issues were going on. "Oh," he announced, snatching the photos. "They didn't get my good side here, and oh, look, I had my eyes closed in this one."
I can't wait to put this season behind all of us. Thanks for following and reading what is actually a really tragic recitation of true and based-on-true events. Hugs. The support of everyone who read and commented (and virtually showed such amazing compassion) has been so uplifting.
"Probably, if that's okay with you." Frowning in uncertainty, John adds, "We can make the decision later, together. She's available if we need her another night, or longer, I'm sure."
Sameer's wide eyes blinked, taking in the unfamiliar equipment, the heart monitor, the IV pump, the bed and siderails, not to mention John's frailty, but his stubborn feet didn't move until the nurse dismissed the guard and ushered him in, guiding him closer to John's bedside. It was then, when they were in close proximity, that Sameer saw John up close, living, breathing, moving and watching him back, it was then that he just let out a guttural sob and ...
John nodded, knowing that his role would be to oversee, address consultants, enter orders, answer questions, and give direction. The patient truly looked awful, circumoral cyanosis, not mentating, respiratory rate in the fifties, pulse oximeter flashing steadily 68, 67, 64, 63 ...
"Thanks for all your hard work," John said quietly to her, and she slowed her steps, hands still on the frame of the wheelchair. "I don't know how you've managed."
A shuffling noise from under the covers, Sherlock's foot scooted out in John's direction, pressing against John's ankle. "Yes thanks."
Footsteps climbing the stairs were slow, predictable. Both of them realised it immediately, and knew action was going to be required. John stayed in the kitchen, across the room, still visible from the door. Sherlock got up, striding quickly to the door. Rosie, thankfully, was already in bed upstairs for her on-again, off-again, lucky this afternoon nap. Her falling asleep noises, chattering, had ceased a few minutes ago.
"This never stops. You keep dropping more conditions, more bad news, more ridiculous things I have to do." He glared at John, waiting to be rescued, and when rescue didn't come, he closed his eyes and tipped his head back again in defeat. "It's hateful."
"Because we save the insults for your jumpers, which are far more --" Sherlock jumps into the conversation.
There is a quiet, peaceful lull in John's stream of consciousness as he awakens some time later, a few blissful seconds that are absolutely wonderful. The scene, Baker Street. The couch sounds and feels like home, where there is only relaxed well-being and hazy calm before reality descends on him full force. He remembers. He feels his own sharp intake of breath, the immediate realisation that things are bad and he needs to get back to the hospital, and presses up on an elbow.
Without otherwise moving, Sherlock's mouth dipped into a half smile. "Two." He reached inside his coat, pulled out two detective badges.
Round one, a mutually satisfying, drawn out dalliance in the main room was followed by the eventual full disrobing of John, who had managed despite Sherlock's protests to stay partially clothed, and then the addition of dressing gowns and an already prepared, quickly reheated dinner courtesy of Mrs. Hudson. They carried plates to the table, decanted the wine, and meandered through a variety of subjects, observations, discussions of current events. Conversation was easy and all-over-the-place as far as random and casual. Eventually they pushed back mostly empty plates. Physical appetites satiated, John sipped at his glass of pinot noir and smiled. It was an easy, comfortable moment over the table. Sherlock smiled back, the small, slightly crooked one that few other people ever got the privilege of seeing.
He runs his bow gently, angled just so, as he's been taught from the beginning, drawing just the right amount onto the hair fibres. Not too much, not too little, each pass giving lift and aerating the scent just a little more.
"What?" she said, then couldn't keep in the giggle any longer, unable to keep the teasing away, and the tension in the room lowered a little. Looking across the table, she caught sight of her
"I haven't looked at them all that closely. Real thing's still fresh, pretty embedded in my memory." John recalls taking them, knowing it was something he needed, planning to show Sherlock eventually, or deleting them as he'd said without giving them another look. "Haven't really wanted to."
He was glad, feeling functional, useful, and helpful even, sitting here with Sherlock, squeezing his hand occasionally, prompting him to wake up by his touch or a soft sound in his throat. He knew he would feel so much better once Sherlock was actually awake.
Mycroft actually shuddered at that. "Perish the thought." His grin afterwards was nothing short of sinister, and John was left with a niggling feeling that he perhaps was out of his league, that he had set something in motion ... something apparently dramatic, and John questioned his own idea to set anything in motion between the siblings. Mycroft interrupted those doubts with a hasty directive. "Now, if you'll excuse me, John, I may have a few deals to strike on your behalf." John hesitated again, feeling uneasy, which skyrocketed to full out worry when Mycroft said, just as conniving as he could, "Trust me."
"All right, stop." John's smile was resigned but genuine. "I know. It'll be fine, we'll be on our way then, and thank you very much."
And then he was swallowed up by impersonal, unwelcoming doors labeled No Admittance - Restricted Area - Cath Lab Staff and Patients Only.
Over the years, the fraternal connection would change, morph into less, as they developed uniquely into adults of uncanny brilliance. The connection, the fraternal affinity, became something different. But in many ways, no less strong.
There was an unrushed pull on the cigarette, a stereotypical tilting back of his head, and a slow blow of smoke. He was John’s age, maybe a year or two younger, tall, thin, and fearless. "Perhaps," he said, which was close to an admission. "So?" Pale eyes riveted on him, a challenge, a dare. "Were it not for me, you'd still be in the dark. Call the cops if you'd like. Oh, that's right, you can't, seeing as you're a clumsy oaf without a working mobile now."
It was worst, I think, for the nurses who had to video call (zoom, facetime, whatever) with families before the breathing tubes went in, those breathy and winded words, sometimes interspersed with them giggling or shallowness when we as providers knew it was goodbye. We knew, and they didn't. We offered hope when there wasn't much. The lying has taken a toll.
Truth, I wouldn’t change a thing. I regret nothing. Especially that I used to sneak into his room and rearrange his stuff just to be annoying.
She considers Sherlock's unreadable expression, his irritation. "I'm hopeful it will be today, but nothing's official until someone with more authority than me deigns it so. The cath schedule is not that tight, best I can see." She takes hold of Sherlock's toe through the sheets. "Hang in there. Another step closer to putting all this behind you."
"Yes. And drank a glass of water. And took off the bloody patch, before you remind me in your condescending, pathetic soft language skills. I'm quite aware, thank you, that dehydration can cause headache, as can transdermal nicotine."
He blurts the word out, incredulous. "John!" He tries to press up on his elbows, to better express his ire from a more upright, more authoritative position.
But first, growing up with Sam. I was three when we met. He was 8 and known as Sameer then, technically still is of course. And his last name was ...
The news over the next grueling days and weeks of physio, of rehab, of being shipped farther and farther from his deployment, his unit, his mission, his calling, his
There are a lot of things that could be expounded on medically. An AVM is an arterio-venous malformation and most common sites for those are brain, spinal cord, or abdomen. Sherlock does not have an AVM. The realisation and explanation of what the condition Sherlock has will be in the next chapter. JBaillier, I know you already know. And the rest of us can take a deep breath, knowing that finding the problem is the first step in fixing it! So despite the sort of cliff-hanger, this is actually a good thing.
John zipped up his coat as he left Ella's, feeling the faintest, remote twinge of ... relief. A small spark, the faintest light of a match, the sulphur smell of ignition, a flame that lights faint tendrils of dry grass. Small sticks of kindling grow dark, emit small puffs of smoke before catching, flames bursting bright white and blue before thoroughly becoming red. The first touch of a comforting fire, nurtured carefully into something more, something bigger, something not only useful but comforting.
"You're still in rhythm?" John's sympathy went out to Sherlock, who had for years been able to ignore and even mistreat his transport but now was kind of at its mercy. "Best you can tell anyway?"
- he was hyper-aware of the rise and fall of his chest, the way the fabric brushed and tickled over his ribs that displaced the weight.
John wriggles into the lift, near as he can get to the head of the bed, hoping that Sherlock's eyes will be able to find him, if he is even interested or able. Sherlock's gaze, though, is still a little random, his blinking indicating some sort of mental fog. The lift is quick, and it is just as the soft chime announces their arrival to the destination floor that Sherlock's pale eyes do finally land on John's face.
His chest ached by the time the retching had passed, and the nurse brought him medication that hadn't helped yet but there was little else to try. By the time the med had been slowly given into his IV, several other people were at the door. One of them sported a blue-badged uniform and held the hand of a small, familiar - very familiar - boy. Their silhouettes in the door frame, backlit, were oddly juxtaposed - one stocky adult, one slim child.
Shaking his head, John touched his arm to interrupt. "No, it's not that. And I don't think about it all that much." They returned to the car, and John waited before turning the key. "I am, though," he said thoughtfully, "I guess glad it happened. It got us together quicker, I think. And it's made me very grateful for second chances."
"I'm not sure who is more stubborn, of the three of you. For pity's sake, Dr. Watson," and she continues to shake her head at him.
"I mean, really Sherlock?" John makes sure his voice isn't overly critical. "I'm sorry that this isn't resolving as quickly as you'd like. But you're only at, what, two months? And it's better than it was. You're mostly off the oxygen now. And just because your breathing isn't back to one hundred percent doesn't mean that, in another month or two, it won't be."
"And Mrs. Hudson." Before getting up off the couch to take care of getting a round of beverages, he snuggled a bit with Sameer. "Thanks again for the frame. It's perfect."
"Hate to break it to you," John began, choosing his words in the minefield that could be Sherlock Holmes. "Although you are extraordinary, brilliant, and the only consulting detective in the world, you are actually ... mortal."
"Like an invalid, John." He is annoyed at the chair and everything else, and when the sheet catches on his hand as he gestures at the equipment, he shrugs at it with anger. "Can't I just walk to the new room?"
The other guard logged into the computer, typed a few things, and spoke. "Ah, here he is. Room 1147. Telemetry." The guard glanced around, half expecting to see someone with him, or looking for him, or waiting, but the hallway and lobby were deserted. "Does he know you're here? At this hour?"
Rosie'd had enough, and started to wriggle as she extricated herself from John's arms. "Maybe they're having tea together in heaven."
As usual, please let me know gently if something doesn't flow correctly or if a typo managed to slip by me.  Thanks for all the encouraging comments and for following this little story along.  I am so humbled.
"John." The name was spoken fondly but with the underpinning of over-indulgence. "He handled it fine because
Pale eyes blink back at him. John can see exhaustion and discomfort and an overall sense that he is not well. "Hi," he whispers back. His respirations are still shallow and he is working, chest excursions and intercostals. A small, tabletop oscillating fan has been brought in and is giving the illusion of more air movement.
"Oh." John knew he was frowning just a bit at the reveal. "Okay." He considered the idea of mentioning that text messages would have saved him the trip over. Or that, as Mycroft had said before, it technically wasn't any of John's business.
"Sorry? Sorry doesn't count. Sorry doesn't fix this. You're free to come and go, and drink your bloody coffee, and you haven't been betrayed by your stupid heart deciding that --" Sherlock cut off his tirade abruptly when John took rapid strides to the door to close it. "What are you doing?"
Mycroft was the sole individual who could peer into the depths of Sherlock's chaotic, as-yet-untamed genius thought patterns, and really see him. And in the seeing, the need to be seen, was met. And answered, in the resulting quieting of Sherlock's wildness, of his over-active brain.
John nods one more time, mutters what he hopes is an understandable thank you, but he has no intention of sitting down. There is too much restless energy, too much fear. His brain begins to supply more words and phrases, his clinician mind borrowing all kinds of trouble. Pulmonary hypertension ... still with RV strain perhaps ... the PE being resolving doesn't mean it's gone ... still with clot, could have missed the filter ... TIA, transient ischaemic attack ... plaque rupture, perhaps ... cerebrovascular accident, Sherlock's worst nightmare, waking up with a deficit, and something he had worried about before the breathing tube went down.
Dan chuckled, and for a few minutes, he and Sherlock chatted about absolute trivial matters, issues, the weather, and a few other light-hearted news items. It was John who re-directed the conversation back to the present as they watched one of the staff members leave, the other totally absorbed in his mobile and not paying attention. "Seems like not a bad place, I guess."
"You apparently need a lot of things." Mycroft recalled the doctors words so long ago, the admonition that success of whatever would be was up to Sherlock. "You look ..." and he stopped before uttering hurtful words like 'terrible' or 'pathetic.' In the moment where Sherlock's eyes reached out to him, he caught a glimpse of his brother seemingly buried inside. Quickly, he was moved with compassion, recalling his brother as a precocious, inquisitive youngster with unruly curls. And it felt
Sameer rolled over then, on his side, so he was facing John, and he tugged at the sheet until it was tucked up under his chin. Both of them were quiet, mildly uncomfortable, and as John waited, he sat very quietly on the edge of the bed. "In my village, last year, before ..." and his voice trailed off, clearly he meant before his mother got sick. "Two men were ..." Sameer floundered a little, searching for a word that would work, settling on "...  together. Like that. Taken away. There was a lot of yelling, shouting?" His inflection went up, questioning his word choice, and John nodded somberly, feeling more than a niggling sense of unease. "Then they were gone. I saw people in the streets. Everyone was upset. I didn't understand. Never came back. I wanted to go and find out what happened, to see what, but mama wouldn't let me." John tried to imagine what that must have been like, with such limited understanding at a young age, to grow up with a very narrowed cultural view. "I asked about it, but she didn't want to tell me. She said, maybe later. But I overheard things. And one of my friends said ... he told me ..." Pursing his lips at the memory, Sameer blinked a few times, and his exhale was accompanied by a shoulder shrug. "The house burned. The village leaders were very angry."
Some of the sounds go straight to John's waist, lower, and before things get more interested, he begins to slide back before things become too apparent, stops only when Sherlock's hand snaps down to capture his hip and prevent the motion. "No." Fingertips press into John's leg. "It's okay. Don't."
"For something that is so automatic as a heart beat is, it's annoying to be aware of it. I can feel it, and just the sensation of it is ... It's like waiting for it to happen again. That acceleration that used to be there."
John looked on carefully, keeping his own breath near silent. Sherlock lay angled up on his hip, arms stretched upward, wrists together. Long fingers rested against the bedpost but they weren't holding it anymore. There was no need, even before, the canvas restraints were snug but no longer being pulled against, looking for leverage, no longer tense. Long eyelashes rested mostly closed, not quite entirely relaxed, flickering faintly with eye movement beneath. There was the faint excess moisture at the corner of the eye closest to the pillow, not quite enough to have squeezed out in the throes, more than could be blinked away.
Sherlock's tentative hands, one then the other, on his arm, his shoulder, his back. There is the faint patting of fingers, hesitant, cautious.
There was a rapid cluster of words, untelligible, in response. John wasn't sure how much was anxiety, how much the sedatives he'd received.
"Leg. And everything else. And ..." he stretched out his hand to show John where there were some gouges, presumably from the broken window. "I'm going to need some assistance ..."
Moments later, more customers came in, their tea and coffee emptied, Rosie got a little restless, and they exchanged more bland pleasantries, a quick farewell, and parted ways.
John doesn't expect that getting Sherlock in and out of the shower is going to be smooth; neither does he expect Sherlock to cooperate much.
The season was over, and the memorabilia that had ended up on their desk included the practice schedule, which John binned, and his football photos, which he slid into a file folder. The team photo was set across from Sameer's individual photo in the little cardboard frame. In the photo, he was grinning, one foot up proudly on the ball, the uniform worn proudly. Underneath the photo was the certificate that had been presented to him at the end-of-season victory party, given to Sameer as the most improved player on the team. The trophy, of course, was next to his bed.
The nurse disconnects, and Marjorie waits just a bit, still watching the chambers, valves, contractility with the scope still down in Sherlock's oesophagus. John has subconsciously stepped forward, closer, and studies Sherlock's face.
"How are you feeling?" John asked, reaching a hand to touch his brow and finding it warm. Quickly, without waiting for an answer, he moved to feel Sherlock's calf, ankle, toes.
"Right now, locum work at a clinic in Westminster. Army surgeon before that." He thinks oddly that he is fortunate to have a stretch of days ahead where he isn't scheduled to work. Though he would have no qualms about requesting off emergently.
John looks up in time to see a scrub-dressed clinician, looking a little weary, in the doorway of the waiting room. "Yes. Umm, well, sort of." John sees his opportunity fading. "Flatmates. His brother called me, asked me to come."
The association was a strong one, a twist and a punch, a visceral need to touch, to hold, that John didn't try to suppress. Sherlock's fingers were cool as he, refocusing, tucked a hand under the sheet that covered him.
inside, the waste of talent, the settling for an unmotivated life. He chose instead to reveal some of the sentiment, the caring. He unrolled a layer and let Sherlock
Hey look if you speak ... you get ...  Quote dot dot dot end quote. Who knew. And hey I wonder if the? Works the same way. Apparently it does. Hooray for tech savvy punctuation.
"It might work. It's a great med called adenosine, and it might give you a few seconds pause and then sinus rhythm would resume."
John knows this is mostly true, but he has been quite vigilant in keeping his complaints to himself. "I haven't said ..."
"It made me proud of you, watching how easy you made it look. Both of us," John said, affirming him gently, then when Sameer seemed just a little uncomfortable with the attention and the praise, he changed the subject back. "Uncle Mycroft probably will enjoy getting mail from you." John patted him, and the boy seemed quite thrilled with the idea.
That is precisely how much he trusted John Watson. Blogger, friend, partner, co-conspirator. Flatmate, bedmate.
Refusing to say thank you for something Sherlock should have done without the interminable although predictable fussing, John did smile fondly in response. He pressed his lips once more to Sherlock's, a peck, a tease, a promise. And then again, wanting a little longer, more connection. There was initial resistance, token residual fussing, then a moment later, his lips parted warmly, sweetly, and just as Sherlock was ready to deepen it, his mouth beginning to open, John withdrew abruptly. The loss was punctuated by a frustrated huff and an annoyed glare.
She curled up near the top of the bed, on Sherlock's side, and her eyes closed as she rested her chin on her paws. "Just for a night John."
John takes a deep breath of the fresh hillside air, intrigued at the history and the beautiful area - lush meadows, pungent evergreens, low shrubs, blue skies, old stones. Down the hill is a creek, a lake just past that, and exploring the region should keep them busy for a little while. Sherlock is still talking, making plans, nervously filling the space between them to somehow make it more palatable.
Sherlock was holding a rather sober Rosie when the Uber app sounded with the notification that the driver had arrived. John carried Sam and the small overnight bag he'd packed. "I'll let you know. It might not be, I guess." John shushed Sam when he moaned a little at the change in position.
"Learning to blend in is also a skill." Stan shook his head briefly, and moved on to the point of why he was there. "If you're interested, I would recommend getting into a couple elective courses. Foundational criminology, forensics, just to see what's out there. It's not a direct start to constable, but the City has some options for you. I recommend it, particularly if you'd like an accelerated career path. Possibly an internship." He handed him a business card. "My direct contact information. And I'll be in touch."
A satisfied smile, one that could only radiate from within, appeared on Sameer's face. His eyes, those bright, blue, John Watson eyes, glistened at her affirmation, and a faint connection sizzled between them before he too scampered off after Rosie.
He didn't feel like getting up, eating, getting dressed, or dealing with anything - let alone actually leaving his bedsit, going outside, seeing Ella later. He wanted to cancel, roll over, go back to sleep, avoid everyone and everything, and maybe, just maybe, tomorrow would be better.
The team leader at the foot of the ambulance gurney spoke. "Can't get a pressure any more. And we lost his IV line on the way in."
"No I do not." His eyes were kind as he answered, and he sensed the moment was for Mycroft, to share, to vent, to unload, and so he kept quiet.
Rosie wanted the dog to sleep with her, and even cleared off a spot for her. Sam wanted the dog to sleep with him and considered trying to lure her with a few pieces of kibble (until John did overrule that, establishing a no dog food in bedroom policy).
Dr. Franco looked Sherlock straight in the eye. "You collapsed on the kerb within the last hour. I think you're a little beyond serious." He pauses, trying to gauge whether the patient is comprehending. "But this is treatable. And we're going to do the best we can, as quickly as we can."
Molly's smile from the back table reminds him of all those who had come together, gathering here, to work so hard for so long. Under terrible, tragic, and dangerous conditions. Who rose above, stepped out, nailed it.
He wanted Sherlock to clean up his act, to have many years, more memories, and at the rate he was going, none of his future was guaranteed. He hoped, with a deep yearning, that Sherlock would not only survive into adulthood, but forgive him for this very difficult demonstration of tough love.
"I suppose. Whatever it takes to satisfy your appetite." John blinked, considering the implication. Sherlock's eyes twinkled as he amended the word. "Appetites."
"Yes, I know you feel like you can't breathe. There's a large blood clot in the way, in your lungs. But we're working on it. With medicine and with that procedure you just had." She makes a couple of notes and repockets her biro. "I'll be here all night either here or in one of our other units, but keeping watch over you, and Rob's going to help us keep an eye on things. I suggest you don't try to talk too much." She looks directly at John then, not unpleasantly, and turns back to the patient. "Save your energy for breathing okay?" The message is loud and clear, to John as well: energy conservation and stress reduction.
"I envy you. I'm sure you have a lot of book knowledge, and I'm given to understand you are a skilled psychiatrist. But until you walk this personally, do not think for a moment that you have any right to tell me how to handle the uniqueness of
Despite John's attempt to move him slowly, the tension of the actual sliding caused significant amount of pain, and although Sherlock didn't cry out, John could tell from his breathing and body language.
"Miss me?" Sherlock retorts, but he is laughing, using the words and the tone to be deliberately prickly.
Some decisions were quite the dilemma. Calling 999 several days ago, that decision was quite clear, with not even another option. Cut and dry, easy. Loaning a complete stranger your mobile, also had not been difficult many years before. Taking the flat with the stranger, also oddly obvious. Leaving Sherlock's hospital without waking him up to say goodbye, unclear. And fraught with unpleasant possibilities either way:
"I think they should have warned me about the possibility of ending up with chronic pulmonary hypertension."
The registrar visit was simple and short. They'd barely been gone an hour, presented their documentation, signed their names, been pronounced, and sent on their way. Mrs. Hudson had been quite grateful to mind Rosie, and when they'd arrived back home to pick her up, they'd shared their news. She was beyond thrilled and eager to hug them both, filling their ears with congratulations and the occasional 'I knew it first' thrown in.
." John and Sherlock are still not speaking to Mycroft for suggesting that French derivative of father as his nickname and then going to monumental efforts at having it stick. Truthfully, John finds it cute but needs the solidarity with Sherlock, so he mostly keeps silent and lets Sherlock do the actual fussing.
"I think you should go to school," John said quietly, "just like you've always done. Tell you what," he added, taking hold of Sameer's hand and squeezing it, "we'll say goodbye here, and you'll put your lunch in your backpack. Sherlock and Rosie will walk you today, just like last week when I was here." John's head protested as he got up from his chair, but he gathered up Sameer's shoes. It would be worth it to make an effort, to ease Sameer's troubled thoughts. "But first, these need to go on your ears where they belong." John held the shoes, one on either side of Sameer's head. "Oh, no, not there, I forgot. They go here on your hands, right?"
Twelve-plus hours later, at the end of the shift, John could only agree. The line was almost a distant memory, hours ago, and since then, admissions and transfers and deciding on oxygen modalities. Sedation practices were altered based on pharmacy availabilities, and John found that endlessly frustrating, that drug supplies determined ordering practices. But they managed and he did not compromise patient comfort or safety, or staff safety, not once. But he was exhausted, emotionally, mentally, and physically. The process of ending a shift was tedious as well: report (depressing, most of the patients not making any progress, the ones who were, downgraded from ICU status and shipped to a stepdown to make room for more critical admissions, a few notes for the oncoming provider followed by walking rounds, viewing various stages of respiratory distress, IV pumps and vents in the hallway, the patients behind glass doors), and then a stop at the shredder for his own papers.
"We're going to chat about more specifics next time. But until then, I do have some homework for you." Ella had finished up with her other patient, returned to John to awaken him, and was ready to send him on his way.
Something, however, has awakened him. This time, John determines, it is the cautious feather-light touch of Sherlock's toes - warm, long, tentative - under the covers gently traversing his bare ankle, skimming along his calf, discovering contour and position.
"See you soon, Rosie-bug," he says, and she offers him one of her favourite peek-a-boo, hidden flap books. "Oh, I think maybe Lydia will read that to you while Papa goes out." She frowns just a little, looks at Molly, looks at Lydia, and then hands the book out to Lydia.
convenience?" Amused, John felt like at least Sherlock was in a good enough state to tease. "So does that apply to other areas?"
For a few moments, he vacillates with atypical indecision between rooms, wanting to check continually on Sherlock and feeling the weight of responsibility, the exhaustion of the past week. The past days, doctors and nurses have seen to Sherlock, keeping him safe, providing meds, monitoring him, assuring that he had opportunity to rest, recover, heal. Now, all of that falls to John, and it is sobering to consider that Sherlock depends on him. He knows he is exhausted and needs to rest himself. So in the end, he curls up on the couch only to have his mind immediately engage. Although his body is fatigued, his mind decides that now is a perfect time to whirl through the events of the week, the near miss, the brush with ... almost losing him. He vividly recalls it all - from the pallor of his face in the ICU that reflected the soft green glow of the cardiac monitor to the weariness and weakness of his entire body out on the acute care areas. The worry, the anxiety, the intensity of the physical experiences, prey heavily on his mind.
Sherlock responded immediately. "Don't I get a say in this?" Sherlock's protest was higher pitched than usual, Mycroft noted with interest.
So the NIHSS, National Institutes of Health Stroke Scale, is the gold standard in the US to objectively quantify neurological assessment. By experienced providers, it probably takes between 5-10 minutes to perform. The doctor here does an abridged version, which in my opinion is acceptable, given the fact that both she and the nurse knew the patient well. There is a level of professional respect that each trusted the other regarding their own findings. The NIHSS is apparently used internationally, but I was unable to determine if this is broadly used by NHS providers.
Sameer cast a hopeful, almost pleading glance, at John, who nodded. Sameer's smile was bright and hopeful. And slightly timid. "I've never ..."
The room settled once the nurse left, and John lay quietly, willing the pain in his head to abate, though ineffectively. He faced the larger part of the room, where he could somewhat make out the form of Sherlock sprawled in the chair, Sameer in his lap, both of them awake, a little tense.
In a few moments, having watched Sherlock breathe, settle, rest, John reached for the water bottle, tucked a straw into it. "Here, a few swallows of water." He let a finger slide along Sherlock's face near his mouth, cuing. "You can open for the straw," he whispered as Sherlock took a few long pulls at the water. "I'll be fetching something from the kitchen. While I'm gone, deep breaths. In for the slow count of two, exhale for three. Try to keep your eyes closed." He offered the straw again, and there was another pull. "Good, just relax. Deep breaths."
"As I said, you could help me. It would go faster." Tipping forward to a knee, Sherlock did begin gathering the files, shuffling the papers inside.
"I'll check back shortly," he says as he again studies Rosie's face, skin colour, heart monitor, and is satisfied with her assessment.
The desire to switch places, not entirely a new concept. He remembers that brief time, when it had come to light about why Sherlock stepped off the roof at Barts, that he was doing it as a sacrifice, saving John from the threat, taking John's place, as it were. He remembers too vividly at Sherrinford, in the room with Eurus, Sherlock, and Mycroft. Her ultimatum and Mycroft's clever, cynical, hateful words in which he tried to goad Sherlock into shooting him over shooting John. The sacrifice. The manipulation.
"I don't think I will, just yet." He unwraps one of the candy pieces that is still on Sherlock's bedside table, pops it in his mouth, shrugs when Sherlock shakes his head no at John's silent offer of another one. "Because this is just too much fun."
For a short while, Sherlock is breathing easy, but as he falls deeper asleep, it changes again to shallow and rapid. John awakens him once to remind him about his breathing. There is some serious blinking going on, and John senses Dawn is standing in the doorway, also watching. "You guys okay?" she asks.
"Do you need medical attention?" Mycroft's question was cool and distant. Like a duck, he could hear one of his mentors explain, very unruffled on the surface, paddling like hell underneath. He'd seen Sherlock in many stages of existence, and he would have simply made the decision had it been apparent. But this time, he wasn't sure.
"For the short term. I'm hoping to find someplace closer if things work out." He pondered the Baker Street location but didn't dwell on the opportunity. "Or once I'm here on a more regular basis with longer shifts."
John was shocked into complete silence, his anger bubbling up under the surface and threatening to erupt. He'd perhaps expected some sort of acknowledgement at the hard choices he'd made over the past few hours and had even dared to consider that a thank you might not be unwarranted. He wanted to yell back, to point at the feet - both feet - of the patient. Instead, he clenched his teeth and gritted out a few words. "I'll just be going then, now that you're here."
Her eyes darted to him quickly, and she sighed. "Of course I would have liked to place first, at my age, my first year there, sure, I was hoping. But ... it's okay. I can go back next year?"
"Right, yes, attitude." Sherlock, engaged, sat forward. "And we must have strict obedience, perfect behaviour, no lip, no backtalking, no clothing left around, no closet door left open, no shoes on the floor." As he spoke, he gestured to the various things around the room, some of it his, some John's, some all of theirs.
"It was disappointing." A brow arched. "Profoundly." His honeyed-tones dripped with a bit of a vocal edge, sharp, and his words were clipped.
the nasal cannula, her mission apparently) until John manages to distract her with the new book. She chortles at the hidden objects, points at things he draws her attention to, the pictures behind the cardboard flaps, and John gets through it twice before she takes it from him, holds it out to Sherlock.
Given that he was already on a propofol infusion, there was probably not a lot of additional requirements for more sedation. Having an anaesthesiologist present though is just good practice, given the specific airway being used and the need for close monitoring, medication availability, and a skilled team managing our favourite patient.
John looks at the doctor, not liking any of the answers and unsure which to give at this point. "Your hand, the artery in your arm, doesn't seem to be delivering blood normally. Not right now anyway." John lets Dr. Nguyen do the explaining, in part because of the very large lump in his throat and in part because he knows Sherlock wants honesty and John mostly wants to not lay out all the bad options and findings in the open just yet. "Sometimes an artery can spasm, or it could be a blockage. I'm going to have another surgeon, one of our other docs, come take a look at you."
"And our calling. We all got extremely skilled at evaluating risk for screening, at teaching patients to self-prone." He frown just a little, "At reading those early chest xrays. At timing of intubation. Of proning vented patients with every kind of imaginable line. Of working smarter. Of drug names like remdesivir, actemra. Of when to begin ecmo. Of how to celebrate those early patients surviving, of being discharged.
He would have to go find a place to charge his mobile. Or, a less palatable solution, find his sources in person. Those boring idiots who managed to keep their pockets full so that they in turn could pass along some to him. For a price, the hurdle he would deal with later. But might as well go in search of an abandoned charger, or bully someone into sharing. The day was ruined anyway.
Inside, just peeping out of the shipping material, was a large amount of fluffy blue-ness. It was sheer and soft looking even from a distance, and John came over to look. And touch. "There's a card tucked in," John pointed out.
"And your shampoo, your conditioner, your posh ridiculously expensive gel, both brushes, your comb. That poncy spritz you like." John raised his voice, making sure to be loud enough for Mrs. Hudson and Molly to hear. "And we're not actually going that far, and we could, you know, make a chemist run if needed."
"One of Mycroft's staff has supplied it with groceries, linens. We can keep what we want, change what we don't."
"I dare say, we already know each other ..." John began, feeling the knot in his chest relax as he was reassured at Sherlock's intentions, that this was an overwhelmingly good thing rather than an eviction notice.
5. Cigarette cessation - nicotine patch programme has been largely unsuccessful to date. If you choose to attempt again, patches need to be carefully rationed, as he has been known to wear multiple.
I know, I know, it's titled Two Vignettes and now there are three. Inner muse this morning at o'dark early had other things in mind apparently.
." John smiled, thinking of how well she could read Sherlock now compared to the crush she used to have on him. They had moved quite far, and quite functionally, past that. "You'll know if he's okay. And when. Culturally, Afghan children and parents are not all that demonstrative. But he just lost his mum, and all he's got is Sherlock and me. I just thought he was missing it perhaps? And we immediately thought of you. You know, someone sweet and oh, I don't know, I suppose younger, more mother-age than Mrs. H. That's all."
For the first few minutes after they were once more on their own, it was silent except for the rhythmic sound of the IV pumps as they worked.
John approaches what must be the waiting room for the IR suite while his mind plays out worst case scenario. Collapse. Cardiac arrest. Aneurysm. Embolism. Haemorrhage. Perforation. Rupture... He doesn't think Sherlock is using again, but ... He gives himself a mental shake as he opens the door. No sense borrowing trouble, not yet. It is the end of the regular day, the scheduled patients long discharged, and there is actually no one at the desk nor in the waiting room. There is a buzzer, as he's been warned, but the inner door to the rest of the suite is open, and John pokes his head through into the next room. There is procedural noise coming from one of the rooms at the end of the corridor, staff and equipment and bright lights. Fluorographic imaging, the faint beep that the machine emits, is going on inside. Over the closed door, the sign is backlit, the red words XRAY IN USE. There is a control room, a staff member seated at the window, watching. He is making notes in an active computer screen, watching intently.
Greg's demeanor, his eye contact, his breathing all give permission, encouragement, for John to continue.
"I tell you, that death, all of those in that family, clustered around that date back in 1751, was suspicious." Sherlock huffed. "You should have let me bring it." He shook his head as if John were a great disappointment, his refusal to allow the shovel.
A few survivors, playing the Beatles song as they left the unit or left the hospital. The one patient, the football fan: You Will Never Walk Alone. I haven't listened to that and in all likelihood will never do so again. Not without tearing up.
"It doesn't matter." He sat up straighter, his non-decision pleasing him greatly for some reason. John waited, a stalemate, without moving. "No, really, you choose."
going to decide what we talk about." There was a flat anger underneath that just surfaced, and John could feel churning in his stomach as he got the suspicion that this caller meant business.
"We're okay. We're better together. And you're careful?" Against Sherlock's embrace, John nodded. "This works, then." John's eyes drifted closed as he felt Sherlock's lips press against his temple. It was a sweet gesture of comfort. Of affection. "Breathe. Rest if you can."
His subconscious was aware of Sherlock's distress before his mind picked up on it. Something about the breathing pattern or faint variance in body tension alerted John, and he opened his eyes, focused on the supine form on the couch.
"No. Heard about it from a patient at the surgery. And I liked it. Because we all do have good things to celebrate, don't we? And it was an important day."
Of course now I know that she is all right and that I'm breathing okay. Oxygen low nurse here have to stop for tonight.
"Oh no, I'm looking forward to it." He'd explained his background, his taking a break after returning from the war, and that he was excited about trying something new and a little more predictable. "I'm sure you still have some excitement here from time to time."
newly prescribed direct oral anticoagulant therapy - apixoban, clopidogrel, in combination with aspirin therapy
"Increase fluids for sure. Drinking water will help. Roughage, fruit juice, higher fiber foods." John shakes his head as Rosie overhears them discussing fruit juice and brings her sippy cup over, hands it to Sherlock. He continues to be amazed - and perhaps mildly alarmed - at how much she really understands. "Yes, that's so nice. Thank you very much."
"Of course not." John didn't specifically let any emotion show, although the question seemed to tear at his insides for a moment. "No. Send you back to Afghanistan?" He hesitated, waited for Sam to confirm that's what he'd meant. "Absolutely not. Of course not." Breathing in deep, willing himself to calm down for a multitude of reasons, John exhaled again and willed his voice more neutral. "So, tell me, what is your last name?"
"We should take her out for a walk, let her, you know, take care of business." John said finally, knowing that housebreaking a dog was going to require vigilance from the beginning but it would be worth it. Their flat has been sort of taken over with accessories. Pink collar, pink leash (though Sherlock drew the line at getting the one Rosie had chosen with rhinestones), food and water bowls also in pink, a few chew toys (though Sherlock absolutely forbade the one with the high-pitched squeaker in it), a pink fleece-lined dog bed.
"Oh my god, yes it is," John breathed, low and for Sherlock's hearing only. "You're as ridiculous now as the day I met you. More, in fact!" John brushed at his face, still speaking quietly. "You and your brother, oh the drama." Had the kids not been in the room, John might've been tempted to put the back of his hand to his forehead in an exaggerated swoon to drive the point home. And stir the pot a little.
The faint smile bloomed full on Sherlock's face then, and he ended the discussion by closing the distance, pressing his lips hard to John's. A hand, John's reached up for Sherlock's jaw, holding at first, keeping, lips shifting, asserting, relaxing.
Oh yes, John realised. This was definitely Sherlock crossing some boundaries, testing the waters. "Nope." John could feel his heart pounding, wondered if Sherlock could somehow tell over the phone. "Let me know."
"Don't hold your breath," Sherlock muttered. "Actually, on second thought," he let the obvious conclusion to the sentence remain unsaid. "I don't know why you thought I would be able to stomach a job like this. Filing? Carrying things, scheduling, keeping order? Being some sort of glorified personal assistant to the buffoons at the Met? It's ... awful." With a sour purse to his mouth, he spoke again. "Next thing, they'll have me answering the phones."
John considers where he is now laying:  Sherlock's bed. He has already discussed with Lydia that he would like her to stay for one more night after Sherlock comes home, just until they are completely settled, to attend to Rosie, in case the first night home is bad.
"What is it?" Sherlock asked, his eyes still closed, trying to follow John's instructions. He turned his head, listening, and John could see how quickly his eyes were moving behind the closed lids, as if that would help.
"Yes, okay." Sameer's eyes were wide and serious for a bit, and then he rustled around in the bed a little.
Rather than fill the space with a question, or series of questions, John waited, knowing he'd been brought in to have all of them answered anyway.
Jack leaves the group in the doorway, comes to stand close to Sherlock's bed, his manner and his voice calm and compassionate. "Listen, your PE was
There is some fussing, a sigh of disappointment, as Sherlock tightens the oxygen back over his ears then struggles to find a comfortable position. The pillows are punched within an inch of their lives, folded, refolded, and Sherlock's breathing takes some time to settle.
He wishes, not for the first time, that he could switch places with Sherlock. To relieve his suffering.
The rhythmic cadence is indeed of musical quality, poignant, and emotion-evoking. More importantly, it represents blood flow, tissue perfusion, success.
will be thrilled." Sherlock jumped right in before John could perhaps be more tactful with his vocal inflections.
John didn't engage in the argument. "It will give you a sense of variety. Of different feels. Of paying attention." He let go of Sherlock's hand. "Now try yours." Nodding, he indicated Sherlock's wrist.
You can't post stuff like that on my blog. I will take it down. Every fucking time. So knock it off.
"You realise it's for Sam. Do you think Sam wants pink and purple?" John smiled at her giving the question some very serious deliberation, and turning to stare intently at Sam.
Mrs. Hudson shook her head at the both of them. "Now boys." She angled her chin, managing to look like a grumbling teddy bear as she pursed her lips. "We're going to have dinner, go for ice cream perhaps later, play a game, read a book. Think about bedtime provided you haven't completely ruined their bedtime routines with your shenanigans." Mrs. Hudson was smiling fondly at John's still-quite-obvious hesitance. "I've managed to survive both you and Sherlock, several explosions, a random attack from one of your more notorious clients, not to mention visits from first responders of almost every sort:  fire, police, ambulance, MI-6, and of course we mustn't forget the other Mr. Holmes, you know,
Mycroft took them back with an understated grab. He stood, let his silence fill the gap. "Remember what happened the last time," he cautioned, then nodded once to John, and saw himself out.
Screen-image Mycroft looked between he and John, back at Sherlock, and for a moment, it appeared that he was debating giving in. "How many?"
Dr. Richards had been called away prior to her bedside update with them, assured them through the nurse that she'd catch them back in Sherlock's room later. By the time they'd been advised that she was on her way, Sherlock was wide awake. And fussing.
More activity, some movement, another injection of contrast, and there is a lot of focus on the large screens inside the room and in the control room as dye makes its way, illuminating blood flow. And then something particularly unexpected from inside the procedure area: there is some spontaneous, quiet cheering, the celebratory collection of voices, of affirmation, from almost everyone inside the room as they watch the monitor and the patient.
John glances out the window at the cabin, thinking that perhaps he will go out in search of Sherlock. The day is lightly cloudy, some patches of pale blue overhead, a few birds twitching the branches of one of the hedges as they hop about. A faint breeze barely stirs the tree branches and the sound catches sweetly overhead. Seems the search and rescue mission will be unneeded, John identifies, as Sherlock is striding back toward him, though still a distance away. His steps are long, his coat flaring and open, hair even from far away, catching the nuances of red, of chestnut hues in the morning light. He flicks on the kettle again, figuring that they can catch up over a cup of tea on the screened in porch of the cabin.
John lay on his back in bed a few, chaotic, fast-paced, nightmarish days later, trying to calm himself, calm his mind, and breathe, using the relaxation techniques he'd used after his war injury to settle his mind. It was still, honestly, rather ineffective. He closed his eyes, opened them again only to find that they were still open, and was peripherally aware of Sherlock rustling beside him.
John ponders what to say, and sees that Dr. Nguyen has come back to the bedside and is listening. "Probably somewhat elevated. But we're working on protecting you. Medication, and those pumps on your feet. We're treating the clot we know about. I'm going to get the surgeon's input on when to place a vena cava filter, which may give you some benefit just in case."
Milestones like finding and then "freeing" Lydia, the au pair Mycroft had located to help with all things Rosie - a godsend, who ended up staying one additional night just for peace of mind and to help Rosie transition to Sherlock being home again.
Things happened quite quickly from there. Sam dozed lightly, medicated, until the OR staff arrived. They dropped off John and Sherlock in the specific waiting room for the OR while Sam, all appropriately gowned and capped, disappeared through the restricted access doors into the depths of the OR. A little more than an hour later, the surgeon came to find them sitting side-by-side on the uncomfortable waiting room chairs, quietly all by themselves in the dimly lit room. John recognised him, stood, and took in all that he could from the confident smile that reached the man's eyes, the nod, the angle of his head, the reassuring but silent purse of his lips.
The deal was sealed, John and Sherlock with a quick kiss followed by a three-way group hug. That was rather quickly interrupted by a wet snout, nudging, Bosco inserting himself between legs and snuffling into whatever hands he could manage.
Mike pauses, holds his breath and then blinks in slow motion just after the word slips out. His grin is tolerant and ashamed at the same time and he worries at his lip for a moment. "Oops. My bad. See, this is why the no cameras, no press, no streaming, was a very good thing." A
The first few weeks at the bedside, during the crunch, the surge, the high volume of high acuity covid 19 patients in the ICU were challenging, and by necessity the staff bonded. They just clicked. John had seen it previously in Afghanistan, that truly facing the unknown - and a dangerous unknown, at that - facilitated becoming brothers in arms. So when one staff member got sick, testing positive many days after symptoms, there were discussions and fears and concerns. Although they coped, the managed, they handled things, they were all still a little worried - who will be next? It had become personal and would likely not stop there. The insomnia got them all from time to time, John included, and occasionally he would ghost from the bedroom and lose himself in a mindless game on his phone. Or to have a cup of coffee while he watched something on the telly. Escapism.
There is a bite block placed, and when Sherlock begins to cough and gag at the foreign object, the nurse gently suctions his mouth while the anaesthesiologist begins puffing some additional sedation into his IV until he is calmer and relaxed again. Marjorie speaks slowly, calmly, explaining the procedure and what they are doing in a low voice to Sherlock despite the fact that he probably doesn't hear or understand. John feels and senses then sees Rob arrive at his side, and they both stand quietly, watching.
Rob seems satisfied with the groin access, and checks for pulses in Sherlock's feet before moving back to the head of the bed to dim the lights. "This should be easier on everyone's eyes, okay?" he says. "I'm just going to review a few orders while you guys talk. A bit later maybe some pain medicine, if you need. And you're shivering, I'll bring a warm blanket."
John's eyes close as he feels himself relax even as Sherlock twitches a little as he shifts some more. Slowly, gingerly, long fingers creep smoothly along the dip of John's waist, traverse along his side toward his ribs. From there, splayed fingertips work their way up, searching lightly as they brush the edges of his scar, the exit wound from long ago. The caress is slow over well-healed and still slightly desensitised scar tissue and moves then along the surrounding skin as if offering a balm, comfort, and healing. Smiling into Sherlock's skin, John whispers, "That feels nice."
He made a sour face at the mention of family and ignored it. "And you realise I'm without a mobile. And without a heavy enough coat for the weather. Someone ran off with my long one ..."
His hollow laugh, that awkward, self-deprecating thin snort of air was quickly followed with a question. "Christ, is it that bad?"
"I will. And I'll have my mobile." He made sure Sherlock's was on the table, pushed it closer, plugged in the charger so he wouldn't have to worry about it. "Anytime, okay?"
"That's fantastic!" Sherlock told her, his attention firmly on her, a brow raised when she looked away. "Are you disappointed?"
"I can imagine." John did actually commiserate a little, knowing that Sherlock really wasn't a terrible person but very,
John had barely set the warmed plate in front of Sherlock, holding his own and ready to sit down and share the meal when Sherlock's venom returned, the storm threatening earlier unleashed with a vengeance. "Don't you get it? Oh no, that's right, you don't understand. You never understand, do you?"
The following day, Sherlock was mopey and feeling poorly. His spirits did not improve when Mycroft arrived. John was preparing for one of his finals, taking preparatory notes, but once he read the room, feeling the heaviness and sense of impending confrontation, he closed the book and began to stammer through why he was leaving.
"Some days suck," Ted said, his voice a little kinder, knowing the explanation and sympathising. Some days it was more awful than others. Marginally. "I'm going for a run." There was a little more rustling, and something hit John in the chest. Fabric, clothing, soft. John thought he wouldn't have cared if it had been a grenade. "You're going with me."
Later that same day, another chance happening, a nurse's steps slowing a little in the hallway outside yet another defeating and depressing room, another shift that sucks the energy out of all of us. I asked her - and I have no idea why, knowing the answer was either going to be a lie (why bother?) or a truth that is tear-inducing pain - if she was okay. Her answer, the specific words I don't recall, but it was having just been in a room, and she explained about an older lady, maxed on high flow and a NRB mask, her oxygen levels very low, very problematic, a DNR, so more aggressive ventilation strategies not an option. She'd been all by herself, suffering, too weak to talk on the phone, too weak to be distracted by the television, too sick to do anything but lie there, too strong to just give up and die, too weak to really self-comfort. For a few moments, the nurse said, she'd stayed in the room, talked with her, soothing with lotion on dry hands (or so they looked, couldn't feel through the gloves). And her vision probably not very acute, and no glasses were possible given the oxygen modalities on her face, so perhaps the visage of the nurse were so alien, mask/goggles/coverings. Foreign, strange, impersonal. She'd lamented how distant they were, but that as she turned to leave the room, the woman started to humm, to try to sing a little, to entertain herself, to self-comfort, while she waited to die.
Rosie stepped up to explain. "Saw some owl pellets. Some unidentified animal scat. A huge tree with some bizarre blight." Rosie chuckled a little. "But, no, other than the wood, didn't collect anything."
John's whisper after he'd explained the tragedy, the losses, the football association, was also heavy, "No thanks, I haven't watched football since."
"Budge up," he says softly, using a gentle towel to completely dry Sherlock's chest. "Tee shirt. And then you can sleep."
"Wouldn't dream of it," Sherlock replies, laying it on thick with fake alliance and intent to behave. "So you have my discharge paperwork all ready to go, I understand?"
But we're getting there. Please let me know if you find a problem with this chapter or if something is unclear. Mid-way through, I had a 180 degree plot change and hope that I have captured the random details. And although I would like another few hours to re-read and make those final edits, I am posting it and throwing caution to the wind (and to the mercy of understanding readers).
She raised her chin, standing all of her short little sassy self as tall as she could, looked John directly in the eye. He prepared himself for something serious. "What's undersized genitalia mean?"
John fiddles with the remote for the telly, and when the side of his mouth goes up in an unintentional silent smirk, relieved, Sherlock pounces on that too. "Stop that." The movie begins, and John works hard at not specifically paying attention to Sherlock, but at one slower part, John goes to the kitchen to scrounge for a small bit of a snack for them both. Sherlock's spoken "Thank you" seems a bit intense for the bowl of crisps, and when John realises this and glances over, Sherlock's stare is quite ... genuine. His eyes are full of fondness, appreciation, and gratitude - and he can tell it is for much more than the circumstance, the help. It is for
"What do you think?" He fires the rhetorical question. "Think very carefully about where your hands are."
"Lead the way," John says, tucking his right hand into Sherlock's left, then halts, pauses, lifting both hands for inspection. Sherlock is wearing the platinum band John had placed on it many years before. Abruptly, he freezes his steps, raising his own left hand to see. The matching platinum band that he hasn't worn, that hasn't fit for
Sherlock seemed to realise something all of a sudden, and his countenance darkened. "You're not wanting to go because he's ...
One morning, John makes tea for them both, sets out a small assortment of toast, fruit, yoghurt. Sherlock eats absolutely nothing.
Rosie takes a deep breath, savouring the back yard and garden behind their cottage, their haven. She smiles, and although it is a bittersweet smile, it reaches her eyes and the memories bubble and roll, fond, family, the hug of a favourite jumper. Like John’s jumper she is wearing, oversized on her small frame, smelling of him, and love, and she presses her hands into the fibers.
"You're sure?" Dawn asks, the pinch in her eyes, almost a grimace, completely expressing that she doesn't particularly agree.
"Yes." John follows the nurse back to a holding area, where several occupied beds in a big room are in various stages of their own journey - the curtain pulled as they are prepped, or waiting, recovering. He only has eyes for the bed with the familiar patient.
John could almost feel his eyes misting just a little, the sound of the words together, the choice behind it, the meaning and belonging. He was slightly glad Sherlock had not accompanied them, because he would have noticed that transient display of emotion and mocked him mercilessly for it (later, he hoped). "I like that a lot too. And keeping, even having three names isn't uncommon here." Sameer -
But now, that nauseous, roiling feeling about his stomach, the sensation that his breathing was tight - worry, panic, anxiety - returned. The fear something was going to happen, that he couldn't control, that now after all they'd been through, that he is going to lose him. The nausea, a bubbling cauldron of discomfort, had returned. In spades.
The drawer of his rickety desk was still shut, the handle slightly crooked, the contents within beckoning. Drawing. Summoning.
"Yes it was." John rolled to his side more completely. In the dim light in the room, the only thing visible was the silhouette of their heads, the faint glittering of open eyes as they blinked. "I'm afraid of losing you. Losing this. Again."
"I'm going to be direct." He smiles at John although his words were something of a warning, and then sits down.
"Most people actually convert on their own without treatment. For a small number of people, it's permanent, but I don't think that will be the case for you. Many need what's called a cardioversion, a small amount of energy that restores the rhythm by breaking the chaotic cycle and letting the SA node - sinoatrial - the typical pacemaker of the heart, take over again."
"By all means, just go away." Sherlock’s words drip bitterness and John keeps his sigh invisible. "You are certainly not needed here." Coolly, his blue eyes pierce John's, and he fires another low blow. "I don't need you."
"Okay, I'm all right with that at this particular point in time. And I understand. Can you say it again, so I can set my incoming text tone for that?" John pulls out his mobile, an irritated eyebrow cocked back at him, and waits. Sherlock's jaw clenches and he pointedly turns his face away from John, his attitude and body language prickly. There's very little going to be gained in catering to him, John knows, so he continues, "The au pair, Lydia, is bringing Rosie by at lunchtime, to have lunch with us. Rosie's been missing you."
Mrs. Hudson's fingers, worn and lovingly, tucked at Sameer's brown hair as he brushed his hand somewhat fondly over the photo.
"You're sure you don't mind?" John asked Mrs. Hudson again, worrying just a little bit as his lower lip until Sherlock reached out a long leg to surreptitiously step on John's toes.
"He's fine," Sherlock muttered. "Though perhaps Rosie will finish yours too if you don't want them."
The next exhale is more resigned, and a little of the fight is out of Sherlock's body language, his shoulders. He flicks off the pulse oximeter again and John let's it beep twice, three times, before powering it off. "I'm sorry I'm lousy company. Just, please, go home. You staying here only makes me feel more ... responsible for making you miserable too."
"Seems like a no-brainer to me. Go. It's not a big deal, you even said so yourself." John could feel that this was going to work out all right. "Or, ask for a different crayon."
The brothers Holmes all too soon were alone outside the building. Mycroft tilted his head, spoke down his intentionally chosen words. "How droll of you, getting picked up for something so pedestrian."
There is a huff, a sigh, a deliberate choosing to be reasonable. "Of course. Pull up a chair." Sherlock's voice was a thin wire of annoyance. "And please, this is my partner, Dr. John Watson. The author of that blasted blog," and this is said with muttering annoyance. "We'll be making this decision together."
He drags a hand across his mouth, feeling his own altered breathing, the emotion threatening to spill over, the horror of where they are right now, but he nods and forces his feet to go where he doesn't want to, at all. Eventually he makes his way back to the small room outside of the ICU.
Sherlock looks back. Smiles. "Of course." He doesn't need to speak out loud his thoughts, that Mike has yet again chosen well. John is the perfect choice for the occasion. For many reasons.
The whispering of a gravelly 'thanks' in return is nearly unintelligible. John's touch lightens and slows until he is positive Sherlock's breathing can only indicate that he's extremely relaxed, nearly fallen asleep. He moves his hands away, letting his body relax. The partial hardness that he's been trying to ignore gives another half-hearted throb for a few minutes, and he doesn't press in as he'd like, but shifts backward in very minute amounts so as not to disturb his armful of flatmate.
He is already on hyper-alert, and on his feet without conscious decision. His hand presses on his mobile in his pocket, and he knows he didn't miss a call. "Is everything okay?" he asks, then spies Rosie in the stroller, holding onto one of her favourite items this past week, a fabric book with crinkley pages. She makes a noise of greeting, holds out the book to him.
An honest shrug, an uncertain answer, followed. John hesitated a moment before jotting something down on a piece of paper. "My cell number, then. You know, for ... later I guess. If you ever need something."
As expected, Sherlock immediately fled the room only to stop at the doorway of the nearest loo. Then, stepping inside, he brought the heels of both hands up toward his mouth, made a few loudly obnoxious raspberry noises into his wrists before leaving the entire first floor to his brother. He hoped the sounds had been especially nauseating and that it ruined his dinner. Heaven knew, the annoying older sibling of his needed to lose a few pounds.
Mycroft settled then, hearing the message and understanding quite clearly that they were all on the same side. Dipping his head briefly, kindly, he breathed out silently. "Thank you." At the man's assurance, his reaction, his caring, Mycroft finally felt some of the tension leave his shoulders.
"Got used to company. The empty room was ..." She shrugged, leaving the sentence unfinished, then changed tacks. "I don't know why you didn't just say so. It's not like I would have a problem with it."
Hearing his pulse thrumming in his ears, John stood quietly, waiting, while she considered each word and phrase.
"Holmes." The word was flatter, cautious, tentatively slower. Business-like. But he'd never known a business call with stakes this high.
The cards had been read, liberally editorialised, and Sherlock's best man speech has been ... surprising. Cataclysmic. Shocked, John is on his feet before he is even aware, his arms hugging Sherlock, unsuspecting and stunned. John knows that he isn't aware of the breadth of the disclosure, the hidden message, the subtext in the declaration - "the two people who love you most" - and John's assurance in his ear that he's done everything right, is not nearly enough. He holds him, drawing Sherlock close again to feel the vibrance, the living legend, and lets his eyes close. He stands, barely on his toes, his chin rests over Sherlock's shoulder. If he were to peek, the view would be neck. Interminable neck, ear, shoulder. Lush curls. He imagines for just a moment that this is - was, could have been, should have been - their day. It is no use, the day is done, the decision made, the vows spoken. But if wishes were horses ...
Quietly, John gathers his things, his coat, his mobile, and his courage. "I'll see you in the morning, then." Steadily, he looks back into Sherlock's eyes, assessing of course, colour, oxygenation, the need for immediate intervention (and finding none). His oxygen levels are low, probably, but not dangerously so (of this, John is certain), and John decides to let Sherlock try to prove his point. "Text me if you need anything." His words are much more casual than he is feeling, and as he leaves the room he can absolutely feel Sherlock's eyes on the back of his head.
